" erom russia with love " screenplay by Richard maibaum adapted by johanna harwood base on the novel by Ian Fleming [ note : Passages in bracket appear in the cut continuity but not in the film ] gun barrel logo the James bond trademark which be a Iris move to centre of screen circle jame bond . he fire a revolver . Iris cut out . fade in : ext . renaissance garden - night - series of shot - wide moving shot : bond , dress in a tuxedo , walk across a bridge and down some step as if stalking someone . he look - close shot : the foot of another man , wear sweat - pants and soft shoe , walk forward . - close shot : bond turn forward again , look around and continue walk . - close shot : the other man 's foot walk quietly up some step . - wide moving shot : bond run down a tree-line path toward a statue , hear a bird coo and look back . - wide shot : the other man be crossing the bridge . he be donald grant . he stop and look in front of he . - medium shot : bond , hold a revolver , move toward some tree . - medium shot : grant stop on the bridge , look forward , then crack a branch of a tree . - bond stop suddenly at the sound . he look back , pause think , then continue walk . - grant watch , then move forward and - granth feet walk forward but stop , pivot back and walk ina different direction . - medium moving shot : bond look back , walk forward , hear a bird coo again , look back , then walk forward again . - wide angle : bond stop move and peer behind some bush . grant cross in f.g. hold one arm out . - bond fire a revolver . - grant stop at the sound then turn and look back . 2. - bond , still hold the revolver , move behind a statue then continue on . - grant keep look back . - bond walk forward glance around anxiously . - wide moving shot : grant walk toward a fountain in f.g. , bond follow , then grant pass it and move on . - bond emerge from behind a tree , look in grant 's direction . - wide angle : bond peer behind another tree then continue forward . pan over to reveal grant wait in f.g. , conceal by more tree . - close shot : grant pull a garrote from he watch . - medium moving shot : bond turn a corner , still look around . - front angle : bond step forward . grant suddenly emerge from the tree behind he and whip the garrote around he neck . bond clutches at it helplessly as grant strangle he and they drop to the ground . behind they , the light of spectre House go on , revealing the men of the spectre party , stand on a terrace . the man walk forward . grant rise retract the garrote into he watch . he look up to see morzeny approach follow by the other man . grant stand at attention as morzeny reach he hold a watch . morzeny ( to grant ) exactly one minute , fifty - two second . that 's excellent . bond lie motionless on the ground . morzeny 's hand reach down and pull a mask off he face , revealing a unidentified man who have be disguise as bond . tilt up to reveal morzeny and grant walk away toward the house . CUT to : the MAIN title a belly dancer perform as the credit be project across various part of she body . fade out . fade in : ext . venice - establishing shot - day Long shot of the shoreline as two gondolier oar past in f.g. dissolve to : int . chess room - venice HOTEL a scoreboard read : venice INTERNATIONAL grandmaster championship match final Czechoslovakia white black Canada kronsteen 1141/2 11 1/2 macadam pull back to reveal kronsteen ( ' no. 5 ' ) and macadam sit across from each other at a chess table , the 1st and 2nd umpire , a attendant and spectator . kronsteen smoke a cigarette and flick a ash into a ashtray . kronsteen move he white knight and take macadam 's black bishop , set it beside many other black piece . kronsteen check . kronsteen click a timer . over kronsteen shoulder macadam look thoughtfully at the board . angle on the scoreboard 1st umpire knight take bishop . the attendant move a corresponding white piece on the scoreboard . attendant knight take bishop . extreme wide angle the spectator look on murmure . a waiter approach the table with a tray contain two glass . closer the waiter set a glass in front of macadam then turn to kronsteen and put a glass of water and a mat in front of he . still closer kronsteen stare at the waiter , whose hand still grip the glass . the hand back away and kronsteen pick up the glass and the mat . he start to drink then look through the glass . we hear the clock still tick . kronsteen Pov - the glass and mat see through the bottom of the glass on the mat be the word : " you be require at once . ' kronsteen set the glass down and dab the mat against he lip . meanwhile macadam look at the chessboard . kronsteen tear up the mat . over kronsteen shoulder macadam move a black chess piece and click the timer . angle on the scoreboard 1st umpire King to rook two . the attendant move a corresponding black piece . attendant King to rook two . at the table kronsteen pick up a white piece then glance at macadam . macadam look back . kronsteen set the piece on the table , look again at macadam and click the timer . over kronsteen shoulder macadam study the chessboard . angle on the scoreboard the attendant move a corresponding white piece . 1st umpire Queen to king four . attendant ( repeat ) Queen ... to king four . wide angle the spectator murmur in anticipation . macadam study the board . kronsteen stare back at he , eye unmove . macadam ' hand reach forward and touch the top of the black king . over kronsteen shoulder macadam tip over he king onto the table . kronsteen stare at he . over kronsteen shoulder macadam rise . macadam my congratulation , sir . a brilliant coup . macadam hold out he hand as the spectator applaud . kronsteen rise and shake it . high angle - crane shot kronsteen release macadam ' hand and , as we crane down , walk away from the table . a spectator reach out to give hima handshake but kronsteen ignore he and keep walk . dissolve to : ext . blofeld be ( 'no . 1 ' ) yacht - wide angle - day the yacht rest in a bay . ext . blofeld cabin - same time a guard with a machine gun over he shoulder come downstairs , kronsteen follow and look around . the guard ring a doorbell to blofeld 's cabin . kronsteen look back and see a second armed guard come down the stair . int . blofeld cabin - same time rosa kleb be look into a desktop aquarium . she move backwards look down at it . blofeld ( 0.s. ) siamese fight fish . fascinating creature . brave , but on the whole , stupid . kleb be Pov - the aquarium Three fish swim in it . blofeld ( 0.s. ) yes , they be stupid . close shot - blofeld lap a white cat rest in he lap and he pet it . blofeld ( 0.s. ) except for the occasional one such as we have here ... close shot - aquarium the fish swim around each other and then , in quick cut , fight each other . blofeld ( 0.s. ) ... who let the other two fight while he wait ... wait until the survivor be so exhaust that he cannot defend himself . kleb watch the aquarium . close shot - aquarium the fish continue to fight . blofeld ( 0.s. ) and then , like spectre , he strike . close - up - kleb kleb I find the parallel -- amusing . close shot - blofeld cat blofeld handle the cat . blofeld ( 0.s. ) we organization do not arrange for you to come over from the Russians ... angle on kleb over blofeld blofeld ( continue ) ... just for amusement , number Three . close shot - console blofeld push one of four button on he desk [ end of reel 1 . start reel 2 .] blofeld be Pov - kleb stand in f.g. as a door behind she open and kronsteen enter . blofeld come in , kronsteen . sit down , number Three ... close shot - blofeld cat he continue to stroke it . blofeld .. while we listen to what number five have devise for we . close - up - kleb kleb I hope kronsteen 's effort as director of Planning will continue to be as successful as he chess . close - up - kronsteen kronsteen they will be . accord to you instruction , I have plan for spectre to steal from the Russians they new lektor decode machine . for this we need the service of a female member of the Russian cryptograph section in Turkey and — - uh —- the help of the british secret service . close - up - kleb listen , she look up at kronsteen . kronsteen ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) naturally , neither the Russians nor the british will be aware ... close - up - blofeld cat he continue to pet it . kronsteen ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) ... that they be now work for we . blofeld ( 0.s. ) number Three , be you section ready to carry out kronsteen 's directive ? close - up - kleb kleb yes , number one . the operation will be organize accord to kronsteen 's plan . I have select a suitable girl from the Russian Consulate in Istanbul . she 's capable , cooperative , and she loyalty to the State be beyond question . wide angle over blofeld at kleb and kronsteen blofeld and you be absolutely sure she believe you be still ... close - up - blofeld cat he continue to stroke it . blofeld ( continue ) ... head of operation for Soviet Intelligence ? close - up - kleb kleb it be most unlikely she would know I be now work for spectre . Moscow have keep my defection secret from everyone but a few member of the presidium . close shot - blofeld cat as he stroke it : blofeld for you sake , I hope so . blofeld Pov - kleb and kronsteen blofeld ( 0.s. ) kronsteen , you be sure this plan be foolproof ? kronsteen ( tapping a cigarette against its case ) yes , it be , because I have anticipate every possible variation of counter - move . close shot - blofeld cat as he stroke it : blofeld but what make you think that ' m , ' the head of british intelligence , will oblige you by fall in with you plan ? 10 . close - up - kronsteen kronsteen for the simple reason that it be so obviously a trap . ( he start to put the cigarette into he mouth then lower it ) my read of the british mentality be that they always treat a trap as a challenge . and in any case , they could not possibly pass up even the slight chance of get they hand on a lektor decoder . they have want one for year . close shot - blofeld cat as he stroke it : blofeld ( 0.s. ) um-hmm . all that you say could be true . what else ? close - up - kronsteen kronsteen as a add refinement , I think that spectre would probably have the add chance of a personal revenge for the kill of we operative , Doctor no . because the man the british will almost certainly use on a mission of this sort would be they agent , James bond . angle over blofeld at kleb and kronsteen kleb blofeld let he death be a particularly unpleasant and humiliate one . kronsteen good . I shall put my plan into operation straightaway . look at kronsteen . 11 . kronsteen kronsteen and there will be no failure . CUT to : ext . lake - medium close shot - grant nake but for short , he lie face - down on a towel on grass . he glance up . a female masseuse in a skirt approach . grant close he eye . medium shot - grant and masseuse she set a bag down then turn away and unbutton and remove she shirt , revealing large breast in a bra . she pull down she skirt , revealing short , and turn toward grant . she kneel , pick up a container of ointment then look up . a helicopter hover overhead . medium shot the masseuse massage grant 's back . the helicopter land in front of spectre House . closer angle morzeny and other spectre man , include rhoda , approach the helicopter as it land . morzeny hurry . kleb emerge from the chopper . morzeny ( to kleb ) welcome to spectre Island . a great honour . I hope you have a pleasant flight . 12 . closer - morzeny and kleb kleb my time be limited . be the man I request ready ? morzeny hand she a file . morzeny his dossier . kleb good . kleb look at the file . kleb Donald grant , convict murderer . escape dartmoor prison in nineteen sixty . recruited in tangier nineteen sixty - two . excellent ! where be he now ? rhoda turn to morzeny . rhoda at the Lake . morzeny bring he to my office , will you ? morzeny touch kleb 's elbow as if to escort she ; she back away repulse . kleb take I to the Lake . morzeny ( point ) through the training area . moving shot kleb , morzeny and rhoda walk across the grounds . morzeny this grant 's one of the best man we have ever have . homicidal paranoiac , superb material . though he method be a little crude , he response to we training and indoctrination have be remarkable . 13 . ext . killing school - moving shot kleb , morzeny and rhoda walk along a series of gallery where man fire at target . other man in judo garb break cinder block in f.g . in another gallery , a man fire a flame - thrower at a run man . two man fight with knife . in yet another gallery , man practice judo . morzeny I hope we work here meet with you approval ? kleb train be useful , but there be no substitute for experience . morzeny I agree . we use live target as well . wide angle kleb , morzeny and rhoda walk away as the mayhem continue . dissolve to : ext . lake the threesome approach around a grove of tree and turn to face the Lake . grant recline on he back as the masseuse work on one of he arm . a trampoline and barbell lay nearby . the masseuse look up at the visitor . kleb take a step forward . kleb call he . morzeny grant ! grant jump to he foot and stand attention . kleb look at he then remove she purse from she shoulder . grant walk up to the visitor . he stop in front of kleb and stand at attention . kleb circle he , look he over . as she do , she put on a knuckle duster . when kleb arrive in front of grant again she suddenly punch he hard in the stomach . he barely flinch . 14 . kleb he seem fit enough . have he report to I in Istanbul in twenty - four hour . kleb immediately turn and walk off , morzeny and rhoda follow . dissolve to : ext . istanbul - establishing shot - day minarets in f.g. , a mosque and the bospherous beyond . ext . russian embassy - day a sign on a outer wall read : cccp ussr consulate general a porter hold open a wringht - iron gate and three embassy woman emerge onto the sidewalk —- a strike blonde , tatiana romanova ( know as tania ) , and she friend irina and natasha . tania hold a piece of paper . irina ( in Russian ) be you sure you do not want to come with we ? tania ( in Russian ) I have some shopping to do . natasha ( in Russian ) we will see you later as the hostel . irina ( in Russian ) do not be late . Goodbye for now . tania ( in Russian ) Goodbye for now . natasha ( in Russian ) Goodbye for now . irina and natasha walk away . tania turn , look at the piece of paper , and walk off . dissolve to : 15 . ext . STREET - kleb' HOTEL - day tania walk up a cobblestone path to a policeman and show he the piece of paper . tania ( in turkish ) can you show I this house ? the policeman point further up the path . policeman ( in turkish ) it 's the first door on the leave . tania continue up the narrowing path toward the hotel , which look more like a sinister tenement . through a archway tania approach the hotel , stop , look at the paper again , look around , then turn up a flight of stair . on the stair - moving shot tania continue up the stair then turn down a walkway . suddenly a man 's shadow cross a pillar in f.g . he stop behind it and watch . it 's grant , in a suit and tie . tania stop at a door and knock . at the door move in on the door as it open with a creak , revealing kleb . she wear a Russian uniform . int . kleb be room - wide angle tania stand on the threshold . tania corporal of State Security tatiana romanova . kleb ( matter - of - factly ) come in . tania enter the room . we crane down and in as kleb shut the door and follow she down a flight of stair into a office . it contain a desk and a chair . kleb sit behind the desk . kleb you know who I be ? 16 . tania Colonel kleb . head of operation for -- for smersh . I see you once in Moscow when I work for the English decode crew . kleb do you tell anyone at the Consulate you be come here ? tania no , the message say -- kleb yes , yes . I know . I send it . intercut - tania and kleb tania stand watch she , uncertain . kleb don a pair of black - rimmed glass and open a dossier on she desk . kleb you work record be excellent . the State be proud of you . tania thank you , comrade Colonel . kleb take off you jacket . tania be surprised , then unbutton and remove she jacket . kleb turn around . tania obediently pivot around . kleb umm . you be a fine-looking girl . tania glance down diffidently . kleb ( politely ) sit down . tania sit in the chair and keep look at kleb , who continue to scan the dossier . kleb I see you train for the ballet . 17 . tania but I grow a inch over regulation height , and so ... kleb and then you have have three lover ? [ tania look off shocked . kleb do you enjoy they attention ? ] tania ( show she anger ) what be the purpose of such a intimate question ? kleb explode , crack a short whip against she desk . kleb you be not here to ask question ! you forget to whom you be speak ! [ do you enjoy it ? ] tania ( soften then smile ) I be in love . kleb and if you be not in love ? tania ( think deeply , then smile again ) I suppose that would depend ... on the man . kleb sensible answer . kleb rise from she desk . wider angle we see now that tania be sit with she leg cross and she skirt be raise revealing she knee . kleb walk to she hold a photograph , hand it to she then sit on the edge of the desk hold the whip . kleb this man , for instance . 18 . tania ( study the photo ) I can not tell . perhaps if he be kind and kulturny . kleb corporal ... kleb rest a hand on tania 's knee but withdraw it at tania 's look of distaste . dolly in closer to they . kleb ... I have select you for a most important assignment . its purpose be to give false information to the enemy . if you complete it successfully you will be promote . from now on you will do anything he say . tania and if I refuse ? kleb then you will not leave this room alive . tania look at she aghast , then regains she composure . tania I will obey you order . angle on kleb she rise from the desk , then we pan on she as she cross behind tania . kleb good . now this be you instruction . you report to I here . tania yes . kleb but the Consulate security man must not know that I be in Istanbul . this be classified far above he level . tania I will say nothing to anyone . dolly out as kleb step toward she . 19 . kleb if you do , you will be shot ! ( she crack the whip hard against the chair , then soften ) come , come , my dear . ( she stroke tania 's shoulder ) you be very fortunate to have be choose for such a simple , delightful duty . ( she hand move up to stroke tania 's hair ) a real labour of love ... as we say . dolly in to tania look down at the photograph . dissolve to : ext . river - day a punt glide by with a man and young woman inside . he be piloting . man great sport , this ! young woman what do you say ? man great sport , this punting ! the punt continue off . tilt down to reveal another punt , rest on the shoreline beneath a tree . Inside be bond and sylvia , embrace and kissing . a ice bucket and glass be beside it . bond I could not agree with he more . sylvia I might even give up golf for it . bond really ? he tug on a cord that extend between he toe into the water , pull up a bottle of champagne . he touch it . bond not quite . 20 . he lower the bottle again . sylvia notice something on he back -- a scar . she run she finger across it . sylvia ooh ! souvenir from another jealous woman ? he turn back and slip a arm around she . bond yes , but I have not turn my back on one since . he fully embrace she and they kiss . suddenly a beeper go off . bond look back , dishearten . bond Excuse I . sylvia what ? he reach into he coat pocket and switch off the device . wider angle bond climb out of the punt with he jacket , then turn back . bond give I my shirt , will you ? sylvia ( toss it to he ) what 's go on ? bond I have to make a phone call . pan on bond as he walk to he car —- a classic green convertible . sylvia ( 0.s. ) ( call ) but we have not eat yet ! I be starve ! bond open the driver 's door and pick up a phone while raise he shirt . bond ( into phone ) come in , univex . James bond here . over. 21 . int . miss moneypenny's office - same time she sit hold she phone and with she other hand tap a cigarette against a file on she desk . miss moneypenny he 's be ask for you all morning . where in the world be you , James ? [ end of reel 2 . start reel 3 .] medium shot - bond he be in he shirt now , buttone it . bond well , I have just be review a old case . sylvia approach in a huff . pan on her as she walk to bond . sylvia oh , so I be a old case now , be I ? bond shh ! it 's the office . ( into phone ) err ... tell he I be on my way , will you ? sylvia snatch the phone from he . sylvia ( into phone ) he be not on he way . bond ( take the phone back ) sylvia , behave ! we will do this again some other time , soon . ( he keep buttone he shirt ) sylvia do what ? the last time you say that you go off to Jamaica . ( she undoe one of he button ) I have not see you for six month . he slap she hand . 22. bond ( into phone ) I will be there in a hour . intercut - miss moneypenny she now hold a light cigarette . miss moneypenny hey , you old case sound interesting , James . intercut - bond and sylvia sylvia have completely unbuttone bond 's shirt . bond ( into phone ) er... make that a hour and a half . he return the phone to its cradle as sylvia quietly clap she hand together . bond pass she and raise the convertible top . dolly in till it conceal he and sylvia and the screen go black . bond now , about that lunch ... sylvia ( giggle ) hmm - hmm . fade in : int . a door - medium close shot the door open to reveal bond dress in a suit and tie and hold he hat . as he enter , pull back to reveal int . miss moneypenny's office unseen by bond , ' m ' stand with miss moneypenny at a filing cabinet behind the door . ' m ' hold a file mark ' secret . ' they look up . bond toss he hat at a hat-rack and it land perfectly ona hook . he turn to miss moneypenny and begin to close the door . bond for my next miracle , I ... ' m ' come into view . bond stop cold . the other just look at he . chagrine , bond gently lean against the door to shut it the rest of the way -- and it creak loudly . 23 . wordlessly , ' m ' nod to bond to follow he . pan on they as they cross the room and pass through a open doorway into ' m 's ' office . boothroyd [ ' q '] stand just outside the office hold a briefcase and wait . bond close a padded door behind they . miss moneypenny ( to boothroyd ) it will be a miracle if he can explain where he 's be all day . int . ' m 's office 'm ' walk toward he desk , bond follow have just close the padded inner door . bond but I have never even hear of a tatiana romanova . tm ! ridiculous , be not it ? bond it 's absolutely crazy . it of course , girl do fall in love with picture of film star . 'm ' stop behind he desk and gesture to bond to sit . intercut - bond and ' m ' bond but not a Russian cipher clerk with a file photo of a british agent . unless she 's , uh ... mental . tm! mmm . bond no , it 's some sort of trap . it ( fill he pipe ) well , obviously it 's a trap , and the bait be a cipher machine . a brand new lektor . bond a lektor , no less . the c.1.a. 's be after one of that for year . angle on over bond bond take the 24 . i! 's shoulder . ' m ' light he pipe and sit . it yes . so have we . when she contact kerim bey , head of Station T , Turkey , and tell he she want to defect , she say she would turn it over to we , on one condition : that you go out to Istanbul and bring she and the machine back to England . ( he take a photo from the file ) here 's a snapshot kerim manage to get of she . photo , glance at it absently , then look up . bond well , I do not know too much about cryptography , sir , but , uh ... a lektor could decode they top secret signal . the whole thing 's so fantastic , it just could be ... ( he finally look at the photo and catch himself ) ... true . insert - the photo show tania stand at a railing aboard a ship with one hand raise provocatively , hold she hair back . bond continue ' ' ( 0.s. ) hmm . that have occur to I . to look at the photograph ' ' ( 0.s. ) besides , the Russians have not be up to any trick recently . bond well , really , I be not too busy at the moment , sir . 25 . intercut - bond and ' m ' it you be book on the eight - thirty plane in the morning . if there 's any chance of we get a lektor , we simply must look into it . bond suppose when she meet I in the flesh , I do not come up to expectation ? angle on ' m ' over bond 's shoulder . tm ! just see that you do . he press a switch on he intercom . it miss moneypenny , ask the equipment Officer to come in , please . ( he release the switch ) q branch have put together a smart look piece of luggage for we . angle on the padd door boothroyd enter carry the briefcase . pan on he as he walk to the desk , to include bond and ' m ' . ' ! .s. ) we be issue this to all double -o personnel . boothroyd nod to bond and set the briefcase on the desk . bond rise to face he . boothroyd a ordinary black leather case ... ( tilt it up and point to two button on its back edge ) . with twenty round of ammunition here and here . boothroyd press one of the button and a narrow tube pop up . bond do the same to the other button and another tube pop up . 26 . medium shot - bond and boothroyd boothroyd ( indicate the tube ) now , if you take the top off , you will find the ammunition inside . bond open the top and drop a couple of bullet into he hand , then return they to the tube . meanwhile boothroyd turn the briefcase the other way around . boothroyd in the side here : flat throw knife . close shot - the briefcase boothroyd 's hand enter . boothroyd ( 0.s. ) Press that button there ... ( he press a release and a knife pop out ) . out she come . bond 's hand enter and take the knife . medium shot - bond and boothroyd boothroyd open the briefcase and set it down flat . boothroyd Inside the case ... close shot - the briefcase the inside be bright red and contain what look like part of a rifle . boothroyd 's hand pick it up . boothroyd ( 0.s . ) ... you will find a ar Seven fold sniper 's rifle . ( he pull the heel off the grip , revealing a barrel hide inside ) point-two -five calibre , with a infra-re telescopic sight . he reattach the heel and set the rifle beside the briefcase . then he pull on a strap connect the case 's lid to its body . a hide strap come out of the inner lining and gold sovereign be embed in it . 27 . boothroyd then , if you pull out this strap , inside be fifty gold sovereign . twenty - five in either side . he slide the strap back into the lining . tight two - shot - bond and boothroyd boothroyd now watch very carefully . ( he reach down ) medium close shot - there torso boothroyd take a tin of talcum powder from he pocket . it bear the trademark ' Club . ' boothroyd ( 0.s. ) a ordinary tin of talcum powder . Inside , a tear gas cartridge . two - shot boothroyd that go in the case against the side ... medium close shot - the briefcase dolly in as boothroyd 's hand attaches the tin to the inside of the case . boothroyd ( 0.s. ) here , like that . it 's magnetize so it will not fall . his hand shut the case and close the catch . boothroyd shut the case . two - shot boothroyd now , normally to open a case like that ... medium close shot - the briefcase ( bond be Pov ) boothroyd 's thumb rest on the catch . 28 . boothroyd ( 0.s. ) ... you move the catch to the side . ( he thumb move sideways without touch the catch ) if you do , the cartridge will explode -- in you face . two - shot boothroyd now , to stop the cartridge explode ... medium close shot - the briefcase ( bond be Pov ) boothroyd 's finger twist the catch sideways . boothroyd turn the catch horizontally , like that . then open normally . his thumb open the catch and the briefcase pop open . two - shot boothroyd now you try it . medium close - up - ' m ' pipe in he mouth , ' m ' look up at bond , remove the pipe and blow out smoke . medium two - shot - bond and boothroyd bond move behind the upright case and lay he finger the catch . bond hmm . turn the catch ... ( twist they ) ... like that ... boothroyd that 's right . bond and open ordinarily . bond snap the briefcase open then grin in satisfaction . 29 . boothroyd you have get it ? bond yes , I think so . boothroyd ( to ' m ' , off ) be that all , sir ? ' ' ( 0.s. ) yes , thanks very much . boothroyd right . thank you . boothroyd exit as bond close the briefcase . bond that 's a nasty little Christmas present . but I should not think I will need it on this assignment , sir . close - up - ' m ' it all the same , take it with you . wide angle over ' m 's shoulder it good luck , double -o-seven . bond thank you , sir . bond head for the door . close - up - ' m' he return the pipe to he mouth and look down at the file . int . miss moneypenny's office - same time bond enter from ' m 's office flipping the padded door shut behind he . pan with he as he walk to miss moneypenny 's desk and set the briefcase down . bond ' once more into the breach , dear friend . ' miss moneypenny hold up a airline ticket . 30 . miss moneypenny and one plane ticket . bond sit on the edge of she desk and take the ticket from she . slow dolly in to tight two - shot as they talk . miss moneypenny lucky man . I have never be to Istanbul . bond you have never be to Istanbul ? miss moneypenny no . bond ( lean toward she ) where the moonlight on the bospherous be irresistible . miss moneypenny ( rise and touch she forehead to he ) maybe I should get you to take I there some day . I have try everything else . bond darling moneypenny , you know I never even look at another woman . miss moneypenny oh , really , James ? bond uh-huh . let I tell you the secret of the world ... ( he lean back to she ear ) just then she intercom buzze . close shot - intercom miss moneypenny 's finger switch it on . pull back to medium two - shot of bond and miss moneypenny . ' m ' ( over intercom ) miss moneypenny , ask double o Seven to leave the photograph . I be sure he will recognize the lady when he see she . 31 . miss moneypenny hold out she hand . bond take out tania 's photograph and set it on she palm . then he pick up a pen . close shot - the photograph bond 's hand write the word ' with love , ' then add above it " from russia . ' medium two - shot bond pick up the briefcase and step off the desk . miss moneypenny ( watch he go ) good luck . bond ( pass in front of she ) ciao ! miss moneypenny ciao ! slow dissolve to : ext . istanbul airport - day a plane land on a runway mark ' 2 . ' pan on it as the nose - wheel touch down . int . control tower - same time a number of airport official look out the window . 1st official ( into microphone ) hello , London . you flight p-a - one just land Istanbul . CUT to : int . airport lounge - reverse trucking shot bond , wear a grey suit and hold he briefcase , walk through the lounge , surround by other passenger . he pass a chauffeur who stand hold a glass at a drink tray manned by a drink seller . the chauffeur sport a mustache and wear a grey suit , black tie , cap and glove . chauffeur ( see he ) Mr. bond ! ( more ) 32 . chauffeur ( cont would ) ( to the drink seller , in turkish ) tesekkir ederim . bond stop and look back . the chauffeur chauffeur kerim bey send a car for you , bond oh , fine . ( reach into he coat and take out a cigarette case ) can I borrow a match ? chauffeur I use a lighter . bond ( open the case to reveal cigarettes ) it 's better still . chauffeur until they go wrong . bond ( shutting the case ) exactly . bond gesture to the chauffeur to move on . chauffeur I will get the car , sir . the chauffeur walk off . bond follow in shot , return the cigarette case to he off and we hold on a man in b.g. watch Hassan step forward , stare after he . ext . terminal build - long shot - same walk to he . sir . reverse trucking pocket . bond walk he —- hassan . time bond follow the chauffeur to a black roll royce wait at the curb . raise a glove hand to he mouth . one of the glove finger . bond' roll royce pan on it as it drive away , then hold on terminal . Hassan emerge watch it go . pull up . meanwhile we see granth face reflect in the driver 's door mirror of a car in f.g. , watch they . pan to grant . he he chew on the front of the a black citreon car Hassan climb into the passenger seat . 33 . grant sit in he car watch . the citreon pan on it as it drive off . [ mistake : the passenger seat be vacant ! ] wide angle - entrance to terminal the citreon drive away . int . roll royce - drive - day the chauffeur be in f.g. , bond behind he in the back seat . bond wave he hat across he face against the heat . through the rear window we see the citreon follow . chauffeur kerim bey suggest that you see he before go to the hotel , sir . would that be convenient ? bond Fine . bond glance back , see the citreon follow , then look forward again and continue fan he face with he hat . ext . istanbul STREET - same time pan on the roll as it drive on . then hold on ancient ruin in b.g. as the citreon pass follow it . dissolve to : ext . narrow STREET - day the roll continue past some building and continue down a open road . the citreon keep follow . int . roll - same time the citreon still visible through the rear window . bond I suppose it 's customary to have people trail you in this part . chauffeur oh , yes , sir . today it 's citreon h-three -one -eighty - four on duty . ( more ) 34 . chauffeur ( cont would ) they be bulgarian work for the Russians . they follow we , we follow they . it 's a sort of understanding we have . bond that 's very friendly . ext . STREET - same time crane back on the roll as it swing over toward the Grand bazaar and stop . the citreon stop just short of the roll . Hassan jump out and look off . medium long shot - a cobblestone STREET bond and the chauffeur walk down the street . pan on they as they walk into the bazaar . int . grand bazaar - same time pan on they as the chauffeur lead bond through the bazaar . it be fill with people and bond glance back at some of they . they continue past we and walk off . hassan stand in a passageway drink a cup of coffee and watch they . hassan be Pov - bond and the chauffeur they turn into a shop where turkish rug hang outside . int . shop ( studio sequence ) - same time the chauffeur lead bond through the shop to a door cover by a hang tapestry . salesmen be show rug to customer . closer angle the chauffer pull a cord which retract the tapestry , revealing a door . he open the door to reveal a office . bond start to step inside but stop , see kerim' mistress within . she be pick up a hat , don it and walk toward the doorway straighten the shoulder of she blouse . dolly back as she exit past bond pull she skirt down and straighten she hat . 35 . bond step into the office follow by the chauffeur . kerim ( 0.s. ) ah , my friend , come in ! int . kerim' office - same time pan on bond as he walk in , the chauffeur follow . the office be well - appoint with curtain , pillar , and a large bed with a golden cover that kerim bey be straighten . he turn to bond . kerim come in ! glad to see you ! welcome to Istanbul ! kerim walk to bond and shake he hand , then pan on they as they walk to kerim 's desk . bond oh , thank you for send the car , but , uh — - it do rather tie you in with I . bond sit in a chair across from the desk . kerim pick up a yellow plastic cigarette holder and a wooden cigarette box . kerim you be in the balkan now , Mr. bond . the game with the Russians be play a little differently here . in the day - to- day routine matter we do not make it too difficult to keep a tab on each other . kerim hold out the box to bond . angle on bond bond ( take a cigarette from the box ) so I gather from you chauffeur . he 's a rather intelligent young man , by the way . bond light the cigarette . kerim step back behind he desk . kerim he should be . he 's my son . 36 . kerim pick up a bell and ring it . angle on bond he puff on the cigarette . kerim ( 0.s. ) coffee ? bond medium sweet . a young man enter through the doorway behind he . close shot - kerim kerim two , medium sweet . angle on bond , kerim in f.g . the young man nod and shut the door . kerim he also be my son . intercut - bond and kerim kerim sit at he desk , he cigarette burn in the yellow holder . kerim all of my key employee be my son . blood be the best security in this business . bond you must have quite a establishment here . kerim biggest family payroll in Turkey . not bad for a man who start life break chain and bend bar with he tooth in a circus . but let 's talk about this business of yours . bond well , ' m ' think I be waste my time here . 37 . kerim and so do i. ( point to he nose ) this be a old friend of mine . and it tell I something smell . bond maybe . but if there 's a chance of get a lektor ... now you tell I . where can I contact this girl ? kerim she say she would make she own arrangement . you will just have to wait . a knock sound at the door . kerim ( rise ) ah ! [ end of reel 3 . start reel 4 . ] a young man walk in carry a tray contain two demitasse cup . pan on he as he walk to kerim 's desk and set the tray down . kerim thank you . the young man exit . kerim set he cigarette in a ashtray , hand bond a cup and take the other cup . kerim my friend , if you really want my advice ... dolly in on kerim . kerim . you should spend a few pleasant day with we here in Istanbul , then ... then go home . dissolve to : ext . bazaar - day the roll royce drive through a archway and down a street . [ mistake : there be no passenger . ] the citreon immediately follow . 38 . medium shot - hassan emerge from the bazaar look at both car . hassan be Pov - both car drive off . int . citreon - same time grant be drive and , in f.g. , be a pair of tie - up hand . cut to : the driver lie bound and gag in the back seat bleed from a gash on he temple . tilt up to grant who glance back then continue to drive . dissolve to : int . kristal palas HOTEL - lobby - day dolly in on bond as he enter carry he briefcase ; the chauffeur follow carry bond 's suitcase . they stop at the front desk . a male concierge turn to bond ; there be a female receptionist behind he . bond James bond . you have a reservation for I . concierge ah , mister bond . you room be ready . ( to the receptionist ) number thirty - two . the concierge ring a bell . a porter walk up and take the suitcase from the chauffeur . female assistant ( to the porter ) thirty - two for mister bond . concierge ( to bond ) hope you enjoy you stay . bond thank you . 39 . the chauffeur tip he hat to bond , then bond and the porter cross the lobby and enter a lift . the door close . wipe bottom to top to : int . sitting room - day the porter open the door for bond . bond enter , cross the room and drop he briefcase on the bed . he hear the porter clear he throat and turn back . porter will there be anything else , sir ? bond slip some cash into he pocket . bond no , only this . thank you . bond turn to the bathroom door . the porter peek at the money . porter thank you , sir . the porter exit . bond open the bathroom door and look inside , then turn to painting on the wall and look behind it , then walk to another painting and look behind it . then he cross the room , glance at a clock , then look behind another painting . on the wall behind it be a microphone and a cord . bond back away , continue to look around . he see a chandelier overhead , walk under it and turn it around , then step forward and look at : insert - a phone rest on the nightstand . bond turn up he briefcase , move the catch sideways and open it . he take out a test instrument and pick up the phone . insert - phone bond place the instrument beneath it . the meter rise and crackle . 40 . bond drop the phone onto the bed and pick up the receiver . bond mister bond here . receptionist's voice yes ? bond I be afraid the room will not do . receptionist's voice I be sorry . bond the bed 's too small . intercut - front desk receptionist ( into phone ) one moment , sir . she turn to the concierge , who stand in a back room hold a receiver . a woman sit behind he at a console wear headphone . receptionist ( to the concierge ) do you hear that ? concierge tell he that 's all there be , unless he would like the bridal suite . the concierge raise the receiver to he ear . receptionist ( into phone ) I be sorry , sir . that 's all we have available , except the bridal suite . intercut - sitting room bond ( into phone ) well , let 's have a look at it . I may like it . 41 . intercut - front desk the receptionist cup she hand over the receiver and look back at the concierge . he nod to she . receptionist ( into phone ) the porter will show it to you . he will be up immediately . she ring the bell . the concierge walk up to she . concierge good . intercut - bond he cup he hand over the mouthpiece , hear a click , grin tightly and hang up . CUT to : ext . russian consulate - day a whistle sound as the citreon drive up and stop at the curb . grant emerge . pan on he as he walk off remove he glove , then hold on the doorman . grant get into a green car which drive away . the doorman walk to the citreon , suddenly see something and pull the back door open . the dead driver' head which be lean against the door fall forward . int . GREEN car - drive - same time grant sit in back with kleb . kleb good work . ( put on she glass and look at a dossier ) who can the Russians suspect but the british ? the cold War in Istanbul will not remain cold very much longer . CUT to : 42 . ext . a mosque - establishing shot with the bospherous in b.g . we hear a wail prayer . dissolve to : int . kerim' office - day kerim 's mistress lie on a bed tonguing a string of black pearl . kerim' mistress Ali kerim bey ? she look off then glance at she watch . wider angle kerim sit in a chair write in a file . the mistress turn over and look at he . kerim' mistress Ali kerim bey ! kerim ( glance back ) hmm ? the mistress drop the string of pearl from she mouth . kerim' mistress Ali kerim bey . angle on kerim he sit unmove , continue to write . the mistress get up , straighten she skirt , walk over to kerim and put she hand around he . kerim' mistress you be not glad to see I this morning , sirree ? kerim ( annoyed ) over joy . 43. kerim' mistress I ... I no longer please you ? kerim be still . give up , he slap the file down on he lap then set it ona table . kerim ( rise ) back to the salt mine . kerim walk toward the bed unbuttone he jacket . from behind , he mistress remove it . [ mistake : she start further away . ] kerim turn . she wrap she arm around he and they kiss . suddenly a explosion occur which bathes they both in red . she scream and they fall . kerim' desk one leg break crash to the floor as smoke envelop it till the image turn black . fade in : kerim' store pan on bond as he walk through the store then through the open doorway into kerim 's office . Workmen be clear the debris . kerim careful with that papers ! dolly in as bond approach kerim who dust a table - top with he handkerchief . bond well , who win ? kerim I have visitor . closer angle pan on kerim as he move the table to one side and set it down . 44 , kerim limpet mine on the wall outside , time to catch I at my desk . but by good fortune , I be relax on the settee for a few moment . the girl leave in hysterics . bond ( grin ) found you technique too violent ? kerim I can not understand this sudden breach of the truce . it be unlike we Russian friend to break the peace this way . bond it 's most inconsiderate . I think my visit might have something to do with it . kerim let 's try and find out . kerim walk off ; bond follow . kerim' showroom - same time dolly back as kerim lead bond into the showroom , grab a flashlight from the wall and go to a door cover by a tapestry . kerim pull a cord , withdraw the tapestry to reveal a door which he open . kerim ( to a assistant ) Close up after we . bond go through the doorway , kerim follow and shut the door . a assistant walk up and retract the tapestry . int . underground cistern bond and kerim walk down a flight of stair . bond quite a place you have get here . kerim the Emperor Constantine build it as a reservoir sixteen hundred year ago . bond really ? 45 . kerim ( toss he the flashlight ) here . kerim unty a boat , they get in ( bond sit and kerim stand ) , and kerim move they away with a oar . close shot - the oar rat climb across it . kerim tilt it to drop they back into the water . long shot kerim continue row they through the cistern . dissolve to : the boat pass more pillar . kerim my daily exercise . at eleven in the morning ; at three in the afternoon . close shot - the oar continue guide they . kerim ( 0.s. ) tie she up , will you ? long shot bond get out and tie the boat to a dock , then kerim get out . panning shot kerim mind you head now . they walk across a cobblestone path . int . alcove - same time they pass through a archway into another part of the cistern . kerim underneath the Russian Consulate . he pull a tarpaulin off a periscope . 46 . kerim a present from you navy . closer two -shot kerim raise the periscope and wipe the lens with he handkerchief . kerim we friend be turn out while the Public Works Ministry conduct a survey . the story be that the heavy traffic be shaking the foundation . by the time the place be declare safe , I have this install . bond I can see everything ' m ' say about you be right . kerim or , why I stay in this mad business ? bond well , it could be that you find sell rug a bore . kerim my friend , you should be a mind reader . kerim look into the periscope . kerim be Pov - a conference room general vassili , koslovski , benz and another man sit at a conference table . kerim head of the table be General vassili , director of military Intelligence . on he leave , koslovski , Chief of Security . opposite he , benz , one of he agent . he pan the periscope to one side . kerim I can not see the face of the other man —- the one the general be shouting at . 47 . bond and kerim kerim step back and bond look through the periscope . bond he 's give he a hell of a blow up for something . bond be Pov - the conference room bond pan across the room . kerim ( 0.s. ) it 's too bad we can not hear as well as see . bond and kerim bond tell I , do we girl romanova ever come to this room ? kerim sometimes with message . bond be Pov - the conference room koslovski lean back in he chair , revealing the other man . bond ( 0.s. ) I can see the face of the other man now . bond and kerim bond step back and kerim look through the periscope again . kerim ( exclaim ) krilencu ! kerim be Pov - the conference room krilencu , a evil-look man with a mustache , be speak vociferously . kerim so he 's back ! another bulgarian they use as a killer . 48. bond and kerim look up at they from a lower angle kerim just the man for that limpet mine job . I have have trouble with he before . but he 's stay away from Istanbul for over a year now . take a look —- you should remember he . this man kill for pleasure . bond look through the periscope . bond be Pov - the conference room krilencu be still talk , then suddenly stop and look at the door which be open . bond ( 0.s. ) Nice face . —- just a moment ... a smart-look pair of female leg enter —- tania . bond ( 0.s . ) a girl 's just come in . bond and kerim kerim probably romanova . she 's the only one who 's allow to . how do she look to you ? bond be Pov - the conference room the periscope pivot , follow tania 's leg . bond ( 0.s. ) well , from this angle , thing be shaping up nicely . I would like to see she in the flesh . yes . bond and kerim bond back away from the periscope . bond could you get I a plan of that place ? kerim I wish I could . 49 . bond but there must be the original architect 's drawing register somewhere . kerim I will get onto that . ( lower the periscope ) now , I need a little time to deal with this stinking krilencu . it will be better if you do not stay at the hotel tonight . come . pan on they as kerim walk off , bond follow . dissolve to : ext . road to gypsy camp - day for night - long shot a station wagon approach . [ end of reel 4 . start reel 5 .] int . station wagon - same time bond and kerim sit in back . kerim fan he face with he hat . bond glance back then forward again . bond I see now why you keep the roll . kerim one of my son be drive it , with two dummy in the back ... in the opposite direction . they will follow it for hour . you will like my gypsy friend . I use they like the Russians use the bulgar . I be afraid it 's create a blood feud between they . the station wagon - day for night it continue on . ext . gypsy encampment - night two bulgar in dark clothes lurk in f.g. behind a archway , one of they hold a walkie-talkie . dolly in through the archway as the station wagon drive up and stop in front of a house . two sentries approach it . 50 . closer on the station wagon bond and kerim [ actually a stand - in ] get out of the car . 1st sentry ( in romany ) ah , kerim bey ! they walk toward the house . behind the archway the bulgar with the walkie-talkie pull out a antenna . 1st bulgar ( into walkie - talkie ) hello , krilencu ? ext . gypsy camp - medium shot krilencu listen on a walkie-talkie , surround by other bulgar . he glance at he watch , speak into the walkie- talkie in bulgarian , then rise with the other and get into a lorry which drive off . ext . gypsy camp - high angle - same time bond and kerim approach . a gypsy man come run forward and converse with kerim in romany . closer angle the gypsy man finish talk and run off . closer angle - bond and kerim kerim it seem we have come on the wrong night . two girl in love with the same man have threaten to kill each other . it must be settle in the gypsy way . as I be a old friend of the family , I think we will be allow to stay . a gypsy girl step toward they speak in romany and gesture forward . kerim we be bidd to table . I hope you be good at eat with you finger . 51 . vavra ( 0.s. ) ( shouting ) kerim bey ! gypsy camp - high angle bond and kerim follow the gypsy girl across the encampment . closer angle pan on another gypsy girl carry a liquor bottle and pull out the cork with she tooth . she stop at the head table where bond and kerim be sit with vavra , the gypsy chieftain . kerim ah , rachi . filthy stuff . the gypsy girl fill he glass while a third gypsy girl walk up to bond carry a cushion . he rise , she set it on he seat , and he sit again , thanking she in romany . CUT to : a female gypsy dancer rise into frame raise she arm seductively behind she head and start to dance . series of shot - bond and kerim look back at she . - she move past they table dance erotically and pass the musician who be play . - bond , kerim and vavra watch she ( kerim grin broadly ) . - she continue to dance ; tilt down on she sway hip . - kerim hold the rachi bottle refill he glass . - the dancer 's hip continue to sway . - kerim sip from he glass . - now she move she belly in and out seductively . - bond , kerim and vavra continue to watch . wider angle - the dancer raise she arm above she head and swing she body erotically . 52 . ext . a gate - series of shot - same time - a sentry stand on the gate watch the encampment . - krilencu 's head rise over a wall look at he . - the sentry continue watch , then glance back . - krilencu throw a knife at he . - the knife pierce the sentry 's heart and he fall dead . - krilencu gesture to other bulgar . krilencu Quick ! wide angle - the archway krilencu beckon and the lorry drive through the archway . it stop for a moment for krilencu to get into the passenger seat then continue on . pan on it to reveal grant in f.g. , hold a pistol and watch . series of shot - the gypsy dancer continue to sway seductively , then drop to she knee sway . - bond , kerim and vavra continue to watch . - the dancer rise and wiggle she ass frantically , revolve around then move forward . - she approach bond who look on appreciatively . - she smile at he as she dance . - bond watch intently as she wiggle she ass in front of he . - kerim , look on , grin . - the dancer lean backwards so that she breast be almost in bond 's face . her mouth come close to he and they almost kiss , then she run off and the music stop . bond and kerim bond tell we host he hospitality overwhelm I . three - shot - bond , kerim and vavra kerim turn to vavra and speak in romany . 53 . two - shot - bond and kerim bond grin at kerim as kerim grin off at vavra . vavra ( 0.s. ) thank you ! thank you ! bond and kerim laugh . medium shot - zora' caravan two gypsy men approach . the first one open the door . zora , wear a scarf and green top , immediately come out . pan with he as he walk to vida 's caravan , pull back a tarp , beckon and tell she in romany to come out . she emerge , wear a red top , and walk down some step . Zora glare at she then lunge at she and they embrace in battle . three - shot - bond , kerim and vavra vavra call out in romany . the first man separate the two girl . kerim turn to bond . kerim no matter what happen now , say and do nothing . wide reverse angle - the head table the two girl approach as vavra talk to they in romany . three - shot - bond , kerim and vavra as vavra continue speak in romany , dolly in on bond and kerim . kerim ( to bond ) he 's ask they whether they will cease they blood feud and give up this fight . the elder of the tribe will then decide who , in the end , will marry the chief 's son . vida 's voice sound from 0.s. in romany , replying to vavra . two shot - the girl vida be speak angrily . 54 . bond and kerim kerim she 's say that ... bond yes , I think I get it without the sub-titles . kerim laugh . the two girl start to fight . series of shot - a gypsy man separate they . - the girl run forward . - kerim watch intently . - Zora pull off she scarf and tie it around she waist . - vida , watch she angrily , tie she own scarf around she waist . - the two girl face each other . - bond , kerim and vavra look on . - vida hold she hand up like finger - nail weapon . - Zora lunge forward but pass she . - vida turn toward she , again hold up she nail finger . wide angle bond , kerim and vavra watch in b.g. as the two girl face off in f.g . the girl grab each other and pivot round and round . vavra watch intently . closer angle - the girl clutch each other . vida hold back Zora 's hand which try to gouge she face . tilt down to they foot as they circle each other . wider angle - the girl Zora trip vida . she fall to the ground and roll across it . 55 . as the man watch in b.g. , Zora jump at vida but miss and land face - down . vida jump onto Zora 's back and start to strangle she . bond watch intently . the girl roll around on the ground , clutching each other 's throat , as the man keep watch in b.g . closer angle - the girl - series of shot - each try to strangle the other , Zora atop vida . - Zora keep strangling . - vida , look up , strangle back . - vida kick Zora backwards . - Zora land on she ass . - both on they knee now , the girl face off . - Zora glare at vida . - the girl rise and clutch each other again . wider angle the girl fall against a table , man scatter to make room for they . vida pick up a bottle , ready to smash Zora 's face with it . suddenly a gunshot sound . the girl freeze and look up . zip tilt up and zoom in on a sentry on a wall fall dead in a puff of smoke . the head table dolly in on bond , kerim and vavra jump up . bond grab a gun from inside he coat . the archway the bulgar 's truck drive in . closer angle - the truck krilencu ride in the passenger seat . kerim fire a revolver at he . 56 . krilencu , outside the truck now , run forward hold a revolver and fire it . wider angle - the encampment a gypsy fall dead as a dozen bulgar run in through the archway fire gun . bond a gypsy run past he then bond rise , aim he revolver and fire . krilencu hear the gunshot and dash off . kerim still sit at the head table try to fire he revolver but it be jamme . reverse angle finally kerim [ actually a stand - in ] shoot a oncoming bulgar who drop to the ground . another bulgar run toward kerim . front angle the bulgar jump onto the table . kerim upturn it , fling the bulgar to the ground . reverse angle kerim [ actually a stand - in ] fire he gun over the overturn table . at a caravan a bulgar with a flame torch set the caravan ablaze . wider angle bond dash past in f.g. a gypsy shoot the bulgar with the torch . from 0.s. , a dagger fly at bond . it miss he , lodging in a tent - pole . a fight gypsy and bulgar fall into the tent . bond grab the dagger and cut down the tent on they . kerim on he knee fire he revolver again . 57 . krilencu hold he own revolver take a step back and fire it . kerim be wounded in the arm ; he grab the bullet - hole as blood gush out . bond aim he revolver off at krilencu . krilencu dart away between two caravan . bond run forward , chase he . a caravan blaze in flame . kerim look at he bloody arm . a gypsy run behind he fire a revolver . kerim pick up he revolver with he other hand and fire it . a bulgar drop dead from the bullet . another angle a gypsy fight off a bulgar with a knife in f.g. as a horse run away in b.g. reverse angle a caravan blaze behind they . bond enter . bond hit the bulgar in the neck with a judo - chop and he fall . the gypsy and bulgar roll across the ground clutching each other . as a caravan blaze behind they , a gypsy throw a bulgar over a corral fence . 58 . at the blazing caravan bond slice a hold rope with the dagger . the caravan roll forward , crash into the fight gypsy and bulgar against the corral fence . angle from behind - bond bond see krilencu . he take a step back and aim the dagger . krilencu step sideways and fire he revolver . bond throw the dagger at he . krilencu run behind a caravan , avoid it . bond run forward then stop beside a caravan . medium long shot bond trip a bulgar run by . the bulgar fall to the ground . bond lean down , smashes the bulgar 's head with the butt of he pistol , then run off . a high archway grant , hold a revolver , step through the archway onto a high ledge and crouch , watch the fraca . reverse angle - over granth shoulder Men fight below as horse run past . upward angle on another ledge a bulgar on the ledge fire a pistol . a gypsy jump he from behind . they struggle . a horse cross in f.g . bond run forward , aim he revolver and shoot a oncoming bulgar in the stomach . tilt down as the bulgar fall and bond run off . 59 . on the ledge the fight man roll off the ledge to the ground as man past in f.g. bond grip he gun run toward a small lake ; beyond it be a high wall and ledge . we glimpse vavra and a bulgar run at each other at the base of the wall . bond see a bulgar behind he and shoot he . a white horse run past . on the ground , beneath the white horse , gypsy and bulgar be fight . bond turn . he see vavra and the bulgar fight at the base of the wall . above they , a bulgar aim a rifle downward from the ledge . bond head down ! vavra drop to the ground . bond drop to one knee aim at the bulgar on the ledge . bond fire . the bulgar fall . vavra rise waive to bond . vavra thank you ! thank you ! vavra run off . bond run forward fire he revolver again . then bond pivot and upturn a table on which a bulgar and gypsy be fight . the man land in the lake . angle over granth shoulder he continue to watch as man fight below and horse run past . below he , a bulgar stand on a straw roof , also watch . medium long shot - bond bond stop and shoot a bulgar run by ; the bulgar fall over a overturn table . medium shot - the straw roof the bulgar , grip a knife , jump off the roof . he land just behind bond . the bulgar raise the knife to stab bond in the back . 60 . grant watch through the archway , fire he pistol . bond and the bulgar the bulgar drop to the ground . bond turn and notice he for the first time . angle over granth shoulder grant fire again at the bulgar as bond look at the body . the body whirl around from the force of the shot . bond look around in confusion , then look off and fire he gun . medium shot - the gateway bulgar begin run out toward the truck . krilencu follow then stop and shout back in bulgarian to retreat . more bulgar run toward the gateway , shoot behind they as they run . krilencu fire he gun at someone then keep gesture and shouting as still more bulgar run past . krilencu run out after they . high wide shot - the gypsy camp the battle end as gypsy surround the remain bulgar as other retreat in b.g. ext . the encampment - night pan on bond return he revolver to its holster as he walk . he reach a tent where kerim hold a bottle of rachi . kerim do you get krilencu ? bond no . bond take the bottle and pour alcohol on kerim 's wound . a gypsy girl walk by . bond ( to the girl ) just a minute . here . ( he take she scarf ) thank you . 61 . the girl walk off . bond press kerim 's handkerchief against he would . kerim you fight well . I be nothing but a clumsy old man . a scream sound from 0o.s . [ end of reel 5 . start reel 6 .] there Pov - the gypsy camp vavra and some torch - bear gypsy surround a bulgar on the ground . kerim ( 0.s. ) they be make one of the wounded bulgar talk . vavra look back . vavra kerim bey ! vavra continue speak in romany . bond and kerim the scarf have be tie like a sling over kerim 's arm and shoulder . kerim hold the rachi bottle . kerim it be I they be after . why would they want I out of the way ? bond step behind he and adjust the sling . kerim tomorrow we will have to find krilencu 's hide - out . bond step to he other side and take the bottle from he . bond in the meantime , I will take care of this filthy stuff . vavra ( 0.s . ) [ he call to they in romany . ] vavra approach speak fondly . when he reach they he pat bond 's shoulder . 62 . kerim vavra thanks you for save he life . you be now he son . bond ( to vavra ) oh , thank you . ( to kerim ) I would like to ask he a favour . could he stop the girl fight ? kerim speak to vavra in romany . vavra reply with a laugh , pat bond 's shoulder again and exit . kerim ( to bond ) he say you heart be too soft to be a real gypsy . but he will let you decide the matter . bond as if I do not have enough problem ! he raise the rachi bottle and sniff it . wide angle - the encampment more gypsy now surround the bulgar and they truck . dissolve to : int . vavra' tent - night bond sit at a bowl wash he face then pick up a towel . he hear something and look back . dolly back to reveal Zora and vida enter demurely , then kerim follow smoking a cigarette . he lean devilishly against a tent - pole . kerim ( to bond ) vavra say for you to decide . so decide . they be both yours . he put the cigarette in he mouth , turn and exit chuckle . bond ( to himself ) this might take some time . dissolve to : 63. ext . the encampment - day pan across the camp as gypsy make repair , tend animal and cook . ext . vavra' tent - same time bond recline on cushion with a coffee tray beside he as Zora and vida kneel before he . Zora hand he a cup of coffee as vida sew he shirtsleeve . bond raise the cup but lower it again so vida can cut the thread with she tooth . dolly back . dissolve to : ext . the gypsy house - night the station wagon wait at the porch . kerim be in the passenger seat and he driver behind the wheel . bond emerge from the house with vida on he arm , follow by Zora , vavra and a guard . vida take bond 's hand , then bond turn to the car . she call to he . the driver open the back door . bond ( to kerim ) do you pick up that package at the hotel ? kerim it 's on the seat . dolly in as bond climb into the back seat and kerim pass the rifle back to he . bond thank you . bond shut the door and the car drive off . tilt up to the porch where the gypsy all wave goodbye and call out in romany . dissolve to : ext . a side STREET in istanbul - night bond and kerim walk round a corner . behind they stand a two - story apartment house with a billboard mount on it . the billboard contain a picture of anita ekberg and the word , ' harry saltzman , albert R. broccoli present bob hope and anita ekberg in call I bwana . ' 64 . bond and kerim stop at a dark alcove beside a shop and look back . kerim twice have krilencu try to kill I . closer angle - bond and kerim they step further back into the alcove . kerim the third time he will succeed ... unless I get he first . that I will do tonight . bond not with that arm , you will not . bond take the fold rifle from he jacket . bond you would better leave it to I . kerim I be already too much in you debt . bond' hand assemble the rifle . bond ( 0.s. ) how can a friend be in debt ? two - shot bond here . he hand kerim a infra-re telescopic lens . through it . kerim be Pov - the billboard ( through lens ) kerim ( 0.s. ) infra-re lens . kerim look it pan across the billboard then stop on ekberg 's mouth . kerim ( suddenly ) shh ! 65 . bond and kerim they step back and look through some fencing . they see a clear street . they keep look . from they Pov , two policemen come walk down the street beyond the fence . bond and kerim keep watch , bond grip the rifle . the policeman come closer then stop . kerim signal bond to do nothing , then step forward . the policeman turn away . kerim my son . they will ring he doorbell . he have a private escape hatch . kerim hand the infra-re lens to bond . wide angle - the STREET bond and kerim lurk in f.g. as the two policeman approach the apartment house in b.g . in the alcove bond raise the rifle to look through it but it wobble . kerim step in front of he . kerim try this for size . bond rest the barrel across kerim 's shoulder and peer through the lens . bond be Pov - the billboard ( through lens ) we pan across the billboard to reveal two window . kerim ( 0.s. ) do you notice anything ? bond ( 0.s. ) not yet . he keep look . kerim ( 0.s . ) she have a lovely mouth , that anita . we pan back across the billboard to anita 's mouth . bond ( 0.s. ) yes . I see what you mean . 66 . long shot - the side of the house the two policeman approach . bond and kerim kerim ( frustrated ) Arm or no arm , I have to pull that trigger . bond ( hand he the rifle ) here , if you think you can . you have get one shot , remember . kerim it will have to do . kerim put the rifle on bond 's shoulder and look through the sight . long shot - side of house the two policeman stand at the door . close shot - the doorbell the hand of one of the policeman ring the bell . wide angle - front of house the light in one of the window go out , then suddenly a trap - door open in anita 's mouth and light stream through . ; bond ( 0.s. ) Quick ! he 's come ! zoom in to the trap door . krilencu peer out . series of shot - kerim take aim over bond 's shoulder . - krilencu lower a rope through the open . - dolly in on kerim watch intently . - krilencu climb out the open . - kerim keep watch . bond Quick ! 67 . - krilencu dangle from the rope . - dolly in closer on kerim . he fire the rifle . - krilencu spin around , shot in the back . - kerim look up at he over bond 's shoulder . - krilencu hang desperately from the rope , then fall with a scream . wide angle - the apartment house krilencu 's body tumble to the ground . closer angle tilt down on krilencu 's fall body . it land with a crunch . bond and kerim kerim ( hand he the rifle ) that pay many debt . kerim walk off . bond she should have keep she mouth shut . wide angle - the STREET bond and kerim walk off around the corner . dissolve to : int . lounge of bond' bridal suite - night bond enter the darken room , turn on the light and look around . he walk to a table where he briefcase rest , set he fold rifle on it and toss down he key . dolly back as he slip off he shoe , pick up the briefcase and rifle , walk to a couch and sit . a set of french door behind he be open , revealing a balcony , but he do not notice . he set down the briefcase , open it , place the rifle inside and close it . then he rise , remove he jacket and holster , and pick up a telephone . 68 . bond ( into phone ) hello ?... uh , breakfast for one at nine , please ... Green fig , yogourt , coffee very black ... thank you . he set down the phone , remove he tie and walk to the bathroom door , then turn and look back . he sniff , but ignore it and turn back to the door unbuttone he shirt . in the bathroom the door open . bond enter remove he shirt and turn on the light . the toss he shirt aside and turn the tap on the bathtub . steam water come out . he remove he sock , then dolly in as he remove he pants . suddenly he hear a soft noise . he glance around then finish remove he pants . he hear a louder noise . he pull a towel around he waist and leave the bathroom . in the lounge bond come out of the bathroom . he pick up he gun and go out onto the balcony . bond be Pov - the bedroom we see it through curtain on a set of french door . a naked tania run past and climb into the bed . in the bedroom bond enter through the french door . he look ahead . tania , in bed , whip a blanket around she . pan on bond as he walk toward she aim he gun . tania you look surprised . I think you be expect I . bond oh , so you be tatiana romanova . tania my friend call I tania . bond mine call I James bond . he place the gun in he other hand and shake she hand . 69 . bond well , now that we have be properly introduce ... bond move toward she hold the gun . she push it away . tania careful . gun upset I . he sit on the edge of the bed and set the revolver on the nightstand . bond I be sorry . I 'ma bit , eh ... upset myself . close - up - tania tania you like just like you ... you photograph . close - up - bond [ bond you look even better than yours . much ... much better . tania if you be look for conceal weapon ... she touch a black band around she neck . bond I take it this be you travel outfit ? tania oh , you do not think this kulturny ? bond well , I will tell you something kulturny . ] you be one of the most beautiful girl I have ever see . close - up - tania tania thank you , but I think my mouth be too big . 70 . close - up - bond bond no , it 's the right size ... extreme c.u . - tania her lip part invitingly . bond bond for I , that be . he lean forward and they kiss . bond yes . ( he kiss she again ) be it here ? tania what ? bond ( brushes he lip against hers ) the decode machine —- the lektor . tania ( kissing he ) must we talk about it now ? bond or be it at the Russian Consulate ? they kiss again , linger . tania umm ... yes . bond yes . ( he lean back ) I would need a plan of the place . if you could get one , we can meet at the Saint sofia mosque , like we be tourist . tania ( lean forward ) why do not you ask I that ... later ? 71 . she embrace he , then run a finger down he back until it touch the scar . bond ( 0.s. ) now what be you look for ? intercut - bond and tania tania the scar . you see , I know all about you ... from you file . bond mmm , do you ? well , I hope you be not , uh ... disappointed . she lean back onto the pillow seductively . tania I will tell you in the morning . bond embrace she and they kiss . angle on the bed revealing a mirror behind it as bond and tania kiss . pan up to the mirror . reverse angle on bond and tania we see they now through the other side of a one - way mirror . pull back to reveal kleb and a man in a storeroom ; he be filming bond and tania in bed . he nod to kleb . dissolve to : ext . istanbul - day a wide shot look at the aya sofia mosque over the bospherous . galata bridge - day tania approach the bridge and walk up some step . Hassan enter in f.g. and watch she . dissolve to : ext . aya sofia mosque - day pan on tania as she walk past the mosque , then hold . Hassan peer around the corner of the building at she . [ end of reel 6 . start reel 7 . ] 72 . int . aya sofia mosque - wide angle - same time a guide lead a tour group through the mosque . guide we be now approach the most interesting corner of Saint sofia ... include this two great red porphyry column steal and bring from Egypt . tania enter through a side door . bond enter behind the sightseer . he wear sunglass and carry a bag . as they walk away he turn to one side . guide ( 0.s. ) in front of they , alabaster urn be bring from bergama , a famous historical city near smyrna . it date back from the Alexander the great period . bond stop beside a tower column . hesitantly , tania walk closer . she stop and pull she hair back from she eye and look at he . bond take off he sunglass and look back . tania look back . bond gesture with the sunglass for tania to move off . guide ( 0.s. ) about sixteen forty - eight , sultan murad the fourth bring it from bergama . it be use as a ablution fountain . it contain a thousand litre of water . right after the ablution fountain we be go to a highly interesting column over there ... tania move off and bond do the same . we continue with bond as he pass more column then reach the base of a huge pillar-complex . right ahead he see Hassan , look around the far end of the complex . bond dart forward to conceal himself against it . guide know for century as Saint sofia wishing column . ten of thousand of people have wish here , put they right hand and middle finger in the hole . 73 . long shot - tania approach the pillar-complex as Hassan watch from f.g. bond run to the other side of the complex to intercept tania but do not see she . tania stop at pillar on the side of the complex near Hassan and open she handbag . bond set he bag down behind a pillar and run forward pull out he revolver . he wrap a handkerchief around it . then he return to the base of the complex and peer around at Hassan , who still stand look around the corner ahead . tania her hand set down a compact at the base of the pillar . tilt up as she walk away . at the pillar -complex Hassan , look around the corner , watch she go . bond , behind the next corner , watch Hassan . bond step back to see tania go then step forward again . Hassan head for the pillar where tania leave the compact . bond look back , look in Hassan 's direction , look back again . hassan his hand start to pick up the compact at the base of the pillar . suddenly another man enter . his foot smashes down onto the hand hold the compact and he bashes Hassan 's neck with two karate chop . Hassan drop to the floor dead , the compact in he hand . bond look in Hassan 's direction then step around the corner and head for the spot where Hassan have stand . 74 . hassan's body his attacker start to walk away then turn back , pull off a pair of glove . it 's grant . he look ahead . granth Pov - bond walk along the pillar- complex toward the corner . grant walk quietly away . wide shot - bond dolly in as he arrive at Hassan 's body . bond reach down and take the compact from he hand . he look inside and see a piece of paper . he remove and open the paper . it be a small , hand - draw map . CUT to : another map a large blueprint of the same area . it lower revealing int . kerim' office - day pull back as kerim set the blueprint on he desk . bond sit on the edge of the desk hold the compact . kerim I promise you it be not one of my man who kill he . bond well , he do not die of old age . all I know be that it save I a job . ( remove the hand - draw map ) once he would see the girl , she be obviously compromise and so ... kerim ( indicate the compact ) and he be not kill because of that ! bond let 's just say that Istanbul 's a rough town . 75 . dolly in as bond set down the compact , approach kerim and unfold the hand -drawn map . bond now , let 's see how tania 's map of the Russian Consulate compare with you architect 's plan . angle on the drawing bond 's finger point between the two map . bond this be the Conference room in the Russian Consulate . yeah , that check . and this be the communication room . that 's the same . tilt up to two - shot of bond and kerim . bond now , she say she work there with the lektor every day between two and three . kerim how be she go to get the machine over to we ? bond well , she 's leave that to I . she will do anything I say . kerim laugh . dolly back as he pick up the architect 's draw and sit on the edge of he desk in f.g . kerim anything ? my dear James , you be not use this . ( tap he head ) it all sound too easy to I . ( start fold the draw ) we do not even know if she 's tell the truth . bond well , I intend to find out . kerim where ? in the hotel ? 76 . bond no , she will not go there again . say it 's too dangerous . kerim the old game ! give a wolf a taste then keep he hungry . my friend , she 's get you dangle . bond that do not matter . all I want be that lektor . kerim all ? ( look back at bond ) be you sure that 's all you want ? bond well ... they both grin , then kerim laugh then bond laugh . CUT to : ext . bospherous - day a ferry boat pass by in the crowded harbor and toot its whistle . on the ferry boat bond walk upstairs onto a deck then along the deck . he wear a hat and sunglass and carry a camera . he stop , lean back against a railing and remove he sunglass . tania round a corner of the deck ahead of he . she wear sunglass , a scarf and long coat . bond look at she . she look back . he approach she but stop short , turn to the railing and open he camera case . tania walk up beside he . two - shot - bond and tania bond wind the camera . bond Lovely view . tania James , we must leave here now . if that agent report my see you ... 77 . bond do not worry . he will not . tania but you do not understand —- it 's a danger . bond look at she unconcern . he step back and aim the camera at she . tania James , look ... bond smile ! he press a button , then gesture to she to move back as a man walk past they . bond another one . further back . dolly in as they move to a corner of the deck and the man walk off . intercut close - ups - bond and tania bond about the machine ... tania that 's all you be interested in . not I . bond Business first . tania I know . once you have get what you want ... bond I have not get it yet . but if you tell I about the machine , well ... afterwards we will not always be work on the company 's time . tania . all right . what do you want to know ? bond glance around then lower the front flap of the camera case , revealing a tape recorder . 78 . bond talk into this . answer my question quietly but clearly . bond how long be the machine ? tania like ... like a typewriter . bond Weight ? tania about ten kilo . in a brown case . Brown like you eye . bond keep it technical . self - calibrate or manual ? tania both . with a in - build compensator . James , could not we ...? bond not now . talk into the camera . how many key ? tania symbol or code key ? bond both . dissolve to : a larger tape recorder the reel be spin . pull back to reveal : int . ' m's' office - day the tape recorder be on ' m 's ' desk and he sit listen . moneypenny sit beside he take note . across the desk sit a naval officer , a army officer and four other supernumeraries . ' m ' light and puff he pipe . bond and tania 's voice come through the speaker : 79 . tania' voice there be twenty - four symbol , sixteen code key . it be insert ina slot . and the message come out on a paper roll from another slot on the other side . and the mechanism be ... oh , James ... James ... will you make love to I all the time in England ? bond' voice Day and night . go on about the mechanism . tania' voice oh , yes , the mechanism . once when it be be repair I see the inside . there be many perforate disc make , I think , of copper , with a small light ... angle on ' m ' and miss moneypenny tania' voice dooshka , tell I the truth . be TI as exciting as all that western girl ? miss moneypenny blink , then break into a cryptic grin . bond' voice oh , once when I be with ' m ' in Tokyo , we have a interesting experience . ' m ' shut off the machine . tm ! thank you , miss moneypenny . that 's all , that 's all . she get up and exit past the man . we hear a door close , then ' m ' re-start the tape recorder . bond' voice later , later . in miss moneypenny's office - same time miss moneypenny flip on she intercom and sit down at she desk . she hear the tape play in the other room . bond' voice that copper disc , be they light ? 80 . tania' voice of course . Light , light . James , come closer . I want to whisper something . bond' voice go on with what you be tell I ... no , not that ! the mechanism ! " m's voice ( over intercom ) miss moneypenny , as you be no doubt listen , perhaps you would take this cable . text read ... merchandise appear genuine ... dissolve to : int . kerim' office - day bond sit across from kerim 's desk read the telegram aloud . bond ( overlap ' m ' ) ' , .. merchandise appear genuine . stop . go ahead with deal . sign '' T ! kerim walk up to bond , a cigarette in a yellow holder in he mouth . kerim take the telegram , sit on the edge of he desk and read . bond ( to kerim ) now all I have to do be to tell the girl the date . kerim the thirteenth ? bond the fourteenth . dissolve to : ext . russian consulate - day a taxi pull up to the curb . bond hand the driver some money and get out . truck with he as he walk to the embassy gate . a porter open the gate for he . bond Visa ? the porter open the gate and gesture to bond to enter . bond pass into the compound . 81 . int . consulate vestibule - same time bond step up to a doorman . bond visa ? doorman ( point ; in Russian ) there . bond thank you . pan on bond as he walk into a large reception room . he stop at a desk where a clerk face a man . there be a large clock on the wall in b.g . clerk ( in Russian ) take and fill in this form , write you surname and bring it back to I in five minute . man ( in Russian ) yes , thank you . the man walk away . bond ( to clerk ) Visa , please . the clerk hand he a form . bond you clock . ( glance at it ) be it correct ? clerk always . bond of course . bond walk to a bench at the wall . the clerk call out " agregarium ! " a second man rise from the bench and walk off . bond look at he watch . 82 . close shot - bond' watch it show 3:00 . int . underground cistern - same time kerim sit on a box look at he watch . a detonator rest at he foot . in b.g. , rat scurry about through a break in the cavern wall . [ end of reel 7 . start reel 8 .] in the reception room bond walk back to the clerk , who be still talk to the second man . bond Excuse I . you do say you cock be correct ? clerk Russian clock be always —- a sudden explosion smashes through the floor behind bond . the clock fall from the wall . debris cascade down from the ceiling . bond rise with a big grin . he say something to himself and turn to a archway behind he . embassy man run frantically around as bond exit through the archway . the clerk start grab drawer from he desk . other employees run behind he with drawer and file . in a hallway smoke fill it . bond run down the hall carry a gas mask . truck with he as he pass through a swinging door into another hall and put on the mask . he continue into the conference room then turn to a iron gate . at the same time , a lady emerge through the gateway carry file . closer angle - the gateway bond lunge toward the gateway . a guard hold a gun try to close the gate . bond grab he arm and make the gun fire wide . 83 . int . communications room - same time tania look up from she desk , which she have be wiping with a cloth . the lektor sit on the desk . bond and the guard bond wrestle the guard to the floor and knock he out with a judo - chop to the neck . in the communications room dolly in as bond run in . he see the machine . bond be this the lektor ? tania ( unplug it and hand he the cord ) yes ! tania start to cough . bond hand she the gas mask . bond here , take this . it 's only tear gas . tania I think it be for tomorrow , as today be the thirteenth , be not it ? bond this be a hell of a time to be superstitious . ( he shut the case and grab the lektor ) come on ! he run through the gateway ; tania follow hold the gas mask . in the conference room a few flame burn . bond and tania run inside . bond come on , quickly ! dolly with they as he lead she across the room to a hole in the floor . he climb into the hole , tania follow . 84 . ext . consulate - low angle - same time smoke pour out as man run from the Consulate carry document . wider angle - the STREET a fire truck pull up as a crowd watch . angle on the consulate firemen run toward the building with hose . in the underground cistern - a cavern kerim help bond and tania down some step from a tunnel . bond ( to tania ) keep you head down . dolly back as they walk under a archway into a second cavern . suddenly they see a flood of rat run at they . tania scream . bond back inside ! he and tania turn back . the rat keep come . in the first cavern kerim watch as bond and tania enter under the archway . kerim this way ! quickly ! they run off . the rate keep come . wide angle on cavern - trucking shot kerim lead bond and tania through a forest of pillar . pan on they as they run to a stairway . they dash up two flight of step . int . a kiosk a knock sound from under a trap - door in the floor . a man open it . kerim come up follow by tania . 85 . ext . kiosk - long shot - day kerim , tania and bond run outside . they be across the street from the Consulate . the street be block by fire truck and spectator . they run across the street , avoid traffic . CUT to : ext . istanbul station - day pan on kerim , tania and bond as they run across a platform to a train . bond jump over a newsrack to keep up with they . a announcement be be broadcast in turkish . tania suddenly stop . bond stop and run back to she . bond what 's the matter ? tania ( look off ) benz , the Russian security man . two - shot - benz and another man sit at a table eat . benz look off at tania and rise . bond and tania he take she arm . bond come on , never mind ! angle on the train kerim stand on the step with a porter on the platform beside he . kerim ( call back to bond ) hurry ! hurry ! wide angle - the train bond and tania jump aboard and the train start to move . benz and the other man look on in f.g . angle on benz he suddenly jump up , grab a briefcase and hat . 86 . benz ( to the other man ; in Russian ) telephone the Consulate ! other man ( in Russian ) yes ... yes ... benz ( in Russian ) dear corporal romanova have defect to the English ! he run to the pass train and jump aboard . grant watch he through a window of one of the compartment . zoom in on grant as he close the window . int . corridor of train - day kerim lead tania and bond down the corridor . kerim here 's one of they ... and there 's the other one . kerim step into the first compartment as bond and tania turn to the other . in the first compartment ( tania be ) kerim open a connect door to the other compartment , revealing bond and tania . kerim hand bond two passport . kerim you passport . the picture do not do you justice . I have rarely see a handsomer couple . bond look at they . tania look over he shoulder . bond ( read ) mister and miss David somerset . ( to tania ) you name 's caroline . he hand she a passport . tania caroline . I like that name . 87 . bond you be accompany I on a business trip . on the way back to derbyshire . tania to we child ? bond no child . dolly back as bond and kerim turn to the door to the corridor . tania not even one little boy ? bond ( turn back ) nyet . kerim I like big family myself . in fact , my whole life have be a crusade for larger family . bond so I have hear . kerim turn down the corridor . bond stop in the doorway . bond tania ? tania yes ? bond keep the door lock . I '11 knock three time . tania okay . he shut the door and she lock it . in the corridor bond look out the window . kerim take out he yellow cigarette holder and he cigarette case . kerim I will go see the conductor now . bond you sure he will cooperate ? 88. kerim oh , we have do business before . he will stop the train near the bulgarian frontier where my son will be wait with a car . we will be there ... about six o'clock . a woman in a scarf turn into the corridor and walk toward they . bond and the airstrip ? kerim twenty mile . bond and kerim pause and back up . she walk between they and down the corridor then enter a compartment . kerim the plane be charter to athen . you will be in London tomorrow . kerim place a cigarette in the holder and turn down the corridor . bond we will drink to that in London . he knock three time on the compartment door . in tania' compartment she open it to admit bond . he enter close it behind he . she wrap she arm around he . tania so , we be really on we way to England ! bond yes , with a lovely two - day honeymoon before we . tania honeymoon ? and I have nothing to wear . bond ah ! he hold up she black ribbon and put it around she neck . bond you trousseau ! 89 . tania ( hold the ribbon ) oh , James ! bond ( hold up a finger ) ah , one moment . he back away raise he jacket cuff then hold up he hand as if to say there 's nothing there , then he disappear behind the door to the other compartment . tania look on in puzzlement . suddenly the door be kick open revealing bond hold up a blue negligee . tania oh , no ! James , James ! ( she hug he , then glance down surprised ) oh , look ! look ! she kneel in amazement to a suitcase and look through the clothes in it . she rise hold another blue negligee . she swing around then hold it up against herself . bond take the black ribbon from she hand and hold it against she neck . bond there . she laugh . CUT to : ext . train - day pan on it as it barrel past . dissolve to : int . tania' compartment - day tania wear a blue negligee and dance around hum " the Blue danube . " bond sit on the couch read a newspaper . she drop down and lie across he . he wrap a arm around she neck . tania oh , I will wear this one ... in Piccadilly . 90 . bond you will not . they have just pass some new law there . in the corridor benz stand at door to tania 's compartment , listen , then move on . kerim round the corner behind he and watch . benz pause the next compartment door , listen and move on . kerim watch closely , then knock on tania 's door . in tania' compartment through the doorway to bond 's compartment we see she foot as she lie with he in bed . bond ( 0.s. ) you be nearest . tania oh , all right . tania get up and walk into she compartment . she be weaer she negligee and have she hair tie up in a bun . she open the door . kerim enter and look at she approvingly . kerim charm ! charm ! kerim turn to the doorway to bond 's compartment . bond emerge tie he tie . kerim let 's go to the restaurant car , James , for ... that drink . bond surely . kerim ( off to tania ) charm ! kerim exit past tania . bond follow put he coat on . bond ( to tania ) we will continue the fashion show later . he go out into the corridor and she shut the door and lock it . 91 . in the corridor bond and kerim look out the window . kerim everything be arrange for I to stop the train . we will get off from the restaurant car ... ( he nod down the hall ) it 's up that end . bond Fine , we will meet you there at six o'clock then . kerim make it just a little later . but there be slight complication . ( he turn and look up the hall ) one of the Russian security man , benz —- he watch the airport and the station —- he 's on the train . bond but he could not have have time to contact the Consulate before he board . kerim well , just in case , I will keep he company for the next two hour until it 's time to get off . pan on kerim as he start down the corridor . kerim perhaps you would like I to introduce you ? bond ( approach he ) charm ! they walk together down the corridor . in benz ' compartment benz stand look out the window . he hear a knock at the door and turn . kerim ( 0.s. ) ticket control . 92. benz walk to the door take some money from he pocket . he open the door then freeze . kerim 's hand aim a gun at he stomach . benz back away , drop onto the couch and drop the as kerim follow . bond shut the door . pan over to kerim . he pull benz ' handkerchief from he pocket and stuff it in he mouth . kerim do not be alarmed , my friend . we will make you as comfortable as possible . bond and kerim pull benz to he foot . kerim take a gun from inside he jacket then bond pull the jacket down over he arm . kerim now I be sure commissar benz will have a much safer journey . bond pivot benz forward . bond I be not mad about he tailor . be you ? bond shove he and he drop back onto the couch . kerim you know , James , life in Istanbul will never be the same without you . bond I will see you in the restaurant car . bond walk off . tilt down with kerim as he sit beside benz and start to raise he yellow cigarette holder . kerim I have have a particularly fascinating life . would you like to hear about it ? benz grunt . kerim you would ? in the corridor bond walk away through a doorway into the next train car . grant emerge from behind the doorway , wear he glove . he glance back at bond then walk forward . 93. in tania' compartment she lie on the couch wear a blue nightdress and look at she face in a mirror . she hold a lock of hair under she nose like a mustache . she hear a triple - knock at the door , jump up and open it . bond enter look at she and smile . tania do you like it ? she walk toward the couch . bond follow . bond yes . it do rather suit you . tania I will save everything else for England . bond uh , it be four o'clock , you know . tania it be not kulturny in the afternoon ? ( bond look at she ) even on a honeymoon ? ( bond keep look ) than I will take it off . she step forward out of frame remove a strap as bond watch . bond I think we be talk at cross - purpose again . [ a couple of hour will straighten that out . bond pull down the blind . ] CUT to : ext . train - day follow the spin wheel . dissolve to : int . tania' compartment - day close shot of the wall , then tilt down to reveal bond and tania lie on the couch . she smoke a cigarette . bond tania ... tania um-mm ? bond we would better get dress now . tania why ? bond it 's almost six . tania so? bond well , it 's , uh ... it 's tea time . tania we will have it in here . we will have all we meal here . bond yeah , that would be splendid . but I have arrange to meet kerim in the restaurant car . tania mmm , you go alone . I will stay here . bond take she cigarette , rise and walk to be cover with the blind . bond my dear Mrs. somerset , we be suppose to be a respectable English couple . ( he pull on the blind ) we would certainly have tea in the restaurant car —- 94 . the window which the blind roll up with a loud snap that startles bond . tania walk up to he . bond now , listen ... ( kiss she ) just do as I say , will you ? 95 . tania yes , James . he pick up he tie and pass she , smack she bottom . tania but there be some English custom ... bond ( look back ) hmm ? tania that be go to be change . bond ( wrapping he tie around she finger ) but of course , darling . she hold the tie between she tooth and start laugh . bond grin . CUT to : [ end of reel 8 . start reel 9 . ] ext . train - high angle - day pan on it as it rush forward . dissolve to : int . bond' compartment - day see through the open doorway of tania 's compartment , bond and tania be dress . she wear she long jacket and button it . bond wear he shoulder holster and put on he coat . tania do I look nice , mister somerset ? bond yes . —- uh ... he face she and put a ring on she finger . bond miss somerset . tania ( in Russian ) how pretty ! 96 . bond open the compartment door , pick up the lektor and they step into the corridor . in the corridor tania hold up and admire the ring as bond shut the door . they turn down the hall . reverse angle a conductor suddenly run down the corridor call urgently . conductor mister somerset ! mister somerset ! bond and tania turn back . the conductor approach . conductor ( anxiously ) you be the friend of kerim bey ? bond yes ? conductor there have be a terrible accident . please come quickly . the conductor turn back down the corridor . bond open the door and push tania back into she compartment , hand she the lektor . tania no tea ? bond later . keep the door lock . he shut the door . reverse angle bond follow the conductor down the corridor . in the corridor of the next car the conductor lead bond to the door to benz ' compartment as a man walk past they . the conductor look both way then start to open the door . 97 . in benz ' compartment the door slide open the rest of the way revealing bond and the conductor . conductor they kill each other ! dolly back as bond walk in , to reveal kerim and benz lie dead . kerim lie face - down on the floor with a knife in he back . benz lie on the couch with a bullet - hole in he chest . near kerim 's face be he yellow cigarette holder . bond kneel and lay he hand on kerim 's shoulder , surveying the scene , then rise . bond ( to the conductor ) this must be keep quiet until we reach trieste . conductor it will be difficult . bond ( reach into he jacket , with disdain ) I be sure . ( bond take out some cash and count it ) kerim bey be a very influential man . he have many influential friend . I be sure they also will reward you . he give some money to the conductor and put the rest away . conductor I will try . bond frown with disdain again , then look down at kerim . angle on kerim bond 's hand reach down and squeeze he shoulder . then bond pick up the cigarette holder . two - shot - bond and the conductor bond rise and , with a last look back , turn into the corridor follow by the conductor , who close the door behind they . CUT to : 98 . ext . train track - day the train race forward . kerim 's chauffeur stand in front of the station wagon on a cross-road watch . pan on the train as it pass he . the chauffeur with he hand on he hip watch in puzzlement . from he Pov , the train keep pass by . the chauffeur keep watch . from he Pov , the train now travel into the distance . the chauffeur look at he watch then run back to the station wagon . another man sit at the wheel . the chauffeur call to he in turkish ( we hear the word " telefona " ) then jump into the passenger seat and the car drive off . CUT to : int . tania' compartment - day she sit on the couch fold a sweater . a triple - knock sound at the door . she get up and unlock it . from outside , bond slam the door open and glare at she . tania what be it ? she look at he , not comprehend . bond kerim 's dead ! tania Dead ? bond um-umm . tania back up and sit on the couch , shocked . bond approach . bond now , I want the truth ! he reach down , grab she wrist and yank she to she foot . dolly in closer . tania James , you be hurt I ! 99 . bond I will do worse than that if you do not tell I ! you be do this under order , I know . what be they ? tania I do not know what you mean . bond liar ! he slap she face and she fly back , landing on the couch . bond go tania ( hold she cheek ) even if you kill I I can say nothing . I do not know anything like kerim 's death would happen . but when we get to England , I tell you. to her. bond go on . tania ( fall back cry ) oh , no ! bond ( sit beside she ) tania , maybe they do not let you in on all of this , but whatever you do know , tell I . he grab she arm from behind . she respond by stroking he hand . tania I know I love you , James . I love you . bond just tell I . tania I love you , I love you , it 's true . bond sure. 100 . he rise , take the lektor from a overhead luggage rack , go into he compartment and shut the door . we hear tania cry . CUT to : ext . train - day the train race forward . pan on it as it go by . fade ina superimposition of a map of Europe and pan across it , show the train 's route , from ' sofiya ' to ' beograd . ' dissolve to : ext . belgrade station - night the train approach the station . the superimposition fade out . guard ( 0.s. ) ( call ) belgrade ! belgrade ! at a railing kerim 's son mahmet , wear a suit and tie and hold he hat , watch . the train come to a stop at the platform . bond immediately alight reach inside he coat . mahmet see he and follow . along the train - trucking shot bond walk past the train put a cigarette in he mouth . through the window behind he we see grant inside follow he . bond stop and look back . grant disappear behind a partition . bond walk forward again . grant again follow . near the end of the train , bond stop and look around at people walk by along the train - trucking shot mahmet , hold a cigarette , hurry to bond . mahmet Excuse I . 101 . bond turn to face he . mahmet May I borrow a match ? bond ( lighting he cigarette ) I use a lighter . mahmet better still . bond until they go wrong . bond gesture feebly , slip the lighter into he pocket and start walk with mahmet ; truck with they . mahmet my brother telephone I . why do the train not stop ? bond well , I ... I have some ... some bad news . bond stop and give mahmet a direct look . bond you father 's dead . mahmet who do it ? tell I . bond well , he take care of that himself . the other man die first . ( all business ) now , listen . bond toss he cigarette aside . dolly in closer . bond I will need some help to get across the frontier strip between Yugoslavia and trieste . I want you to send a message to ' m ' in London . tell he to send someone from Station y to meet I in Zagreb . all right ? mahmet I will . 102 . bond good . bond nod to he , then pan on bond as he walk away . then he stop and turn back . bond oh . dolly back as bond return to mahmet take out kerim 's wallet and cigarette holder . bond ( hand they to mahmet ) you will , uh —- I think you will want this . conductor ( 0.s. ) ( call to bond in french ) monsieur somerset , the train be leave ! mahmet ( to bond ) thank you . bond ( back away ) ciao . conductor ( 0.s. ) ( in English ) the train be leave ! bond turn and walk off . mahmet turn the other way and look at the object in he hand . dolly back as he walk away . then hold on the train . we see grant look out through a window in a door of the caboose . the train start move . grant turn into the corridor . ext . train - night - same time pan on the wheel as they gather speed . up angle on the train passenger window fly by , many with people look outside . dissolve to : 103 . the journey - montage - night pan on the wheel as the train speed along . then dissolve to a wider angle of the train continue into the distance . then dissolve to a desert station as the train race by . then dissolve to the speed wheel again . meanwhile fade in a superimposition of the map of Europe . pan across it show the route from belgrade to Zagreb . dissolve to : ext . zagreb station - night the train pull into the station . fade out the superimposition . the train sound its whistle . dissolve to a shot of the passenger window pass by . the station see through a window in a door . a sign come into view : " zagreb . ' grant step to the door and open it . ext . train - series of shot - same time - grant step onto the platform , look around and walk off . - bond walk along a inside corridor glance out the window . - a man in a business suit hold a briefcase stand in the station wait . he be nash . along the train - trucking shot grant put a cigarette in he mouth and walk purposefully through the station past many people . he reach nash . we see they speak and gesture but we do not hear they . they start walk forward . grant toss he cigarette aside , pull a pair of glove from he pocket and put they on . they turn to the restroom . grant pat nash on the back and nash go in first . grant look around then follow . medium shot - the train bond step onto the platform , look around and start walk . outside the restroom grant emerge carry the briefcase and don nash 's hat . he pull off the glove and walk off . 104 . angle on the train - trucking shot bond walk forward look around . grant pass he . bond look down at grant 's briefcase . grant back away a bit then stop and look at bond . he walk up take a cigarette case from he pocket . a gush of steam from the train drown they out so we only see they speak and gesture . at the end of they conversation , a whistle sound . bond gesture to hurry . grant board the train and bond follow . the conductor close the door and the train start move . int . train - corridor - same time bond and grant face each other . a conductor guide some passenger in b.g. grant ( offer a handshake ) nash . Captain nash . they shake hand . bond bond , travel as somerset . grant hand he a card . grant my card . bond look at it —- a touch of concern crossing he face —- then slip it into he pocket . bond what keep you ? grant oh , I be so sorry . I only get ' m 's wire a hour ago . I bust every record get here . bond what be ' m 's order ? grant only to , uh , contact you and the lady on the train . bond good . come this way . 105 . bond lead he to another car , then wait to let he go first . grant thank you . bond follow he down the next corridor . in tania' compartment she open the door to a triple knock . bond immediately enter follow by grant . bond this be my wife caroline . Captain nash . nash ( take off he hat ) oh , uh , how do you do . ( shake she hand ) I be so pleased to meet you . bond this way , nash . bond open the door to he compartment and they go in . bond sit down , will you ? nash thank you . in bond' compartment bond close the door . grant drop nash 's briefcase and hat onto the couch , sit , cross he leg and sigh . bond lean back against the doorjamb . bond be long in Yugoslavia ? grant about three year . bond interesting work ? grant yes , sometimes . well , you know how it be , old man . bond you look very fit , nash . 106 . intercut - bond and grant grant yes , I try to keep in shape . they look at each other . grant so what 's we problem , sir ? bond well , I can not risk take this ... ( point to the lektor on the luggage rack ) through the custom at the yugoslav - trieste border . grant no stop till then . we will have to jump off . bond ( nod ) can you get we across ? grant any of the opposition around ? bond well , not in any condition to worry about . grant good . we will make it . I know this territory like the back of my hand . he glance down at the back of he hand . two - shot bond watch he . grant ( lean forward ) uh , sir , do you mind if we have a bite to eat first ? I have be on the go since breakfast . bond no , of course not . leave you thing there . we will go to the restaurant car . bond open the connect door . 107 . bond caroline , you go on with Captain nash to the restaurant car . in tania' compartment she rise and take she coat as grant walk in past bond . bond I will join you there in a few minute . grant ( patting he shoulder ) whatever you say , old man . ( pass tania ) Excuse I . he open the door for she and step into the corridor . she follow . grant look back at bond with a half - smile then close the door . bond walk over and lock the door then go back into he compartment . in bond' compartment grant 's hat and briefcase rest on the couch . bond sit beside they and lift the briefcase . he turn the latch sideways and pop it open . Inside be a man 's shirt and a tie . he reach beneath they and see a revolver . he pick it up , feel its heft , then put it back . [ end of reel 9 . start reel 10 . ] int . restaurant car grant sit with tania at a table wait . he look back at the entrance then at he watch . grant Excuse I . he get up and step toward the entrance . just then bond enter carry the lektor . grant ah , there be you , old man . I be worried something have happen to you . they walk back to the table . bond sit beside tania , grant across from they . 108 . angle on bond and tania a waiter walk up to they table . waiter pardon , monsieur . he hand bond a menu . bond thank you . he hand a menu to grant , off . grant ( 0.s. ) thank you . bond look at the menu . bond I will have the grill sole . he look at tania for approval . she shrug . bond and for madam . ( to grant , off ) what about you , nash ? angle on grant grant yes . that sound very nice . make that three of that , will you ? wider angle - the table bond I will have a bottle of the blanc de blanc . grant make mine chianti . waiter White chianti , monsieur ? grant uh , no . the red kind . bond , unfold he napkin , glance up at grant . the waiter walk away . 109 . grant well , enjoy you dinner , old man . I think I have get the answer to we problem . very simple , really . bond good . CUT to : ext . train - night the train race by . dissolve to : int . restaurant car - at the table - later bond , tania and grant be eat dinner . in front of bond and tania be glass of white wine and a wine bottle . in front of grant be a glass of red wine , the bottle nearby . grant ( glance at he watch ) we should reach the border in about a hour . close shot - granth hand reach for the salt but knock over tania 's wine glass . three - shot grant oh , I be terribly sorry , miss somerset . most clumsy of I . grant dab the spot with he napkin . bond ( call ) waiter ?! waiter ( 0.s. ) oui , monsieur ? grant pick up the wine bottle and tania 's glass , then glance sharply back . grant waiter ?! waiter ( 0.s. ) tout suite , monsieur ! 110 . close shot - granth hand refill the glass and at the same time drop a white pill into it . over granth shoulder bond eat as grant set down the wine bottle and glass . wider angle - the table the waiter pick up something . waiter Excuse I . merci . he walk away . grant you will , uh ... you will find trieste quite interesting . of course , it 's not London . grant let out a little laugh and pick up he glass . grant cheerio ! bond raise he glass . bond cheerio . they toast each other , grant let out another little laugh , and they drink . medium close shot - tania absently pick up she glass , look off at bond then sip . dissolve to : int . corridor - night bond walk down the corridor carry the lektor , open the [ unlock ] door to tania 's compartment and go it . she follow , tipping from one wall to the other . tania I do not feel very well . my head ! grant hold she from behind . bond look out from the compartment . 111 . grant the lady 's come over faint . bond bring she in here . grant May 1 ? he guide tania to the doorway . bond back up and grant walk she inside . in tania' compartment bond take she and lie she down on the couch . she moan . bond ( to grant ) let 's go next door . he open the door to he compartment . grant ( look at tania ) exhaustion , I would say . bond hmm . grant step into bond 's compartment . bond turn off the light in tania 's compartment then follow grant , close the door behind he . in bond' compartment bond lock the door and turn he back on grant . bond what be it —- the stuff you put in she drink ? grant chloral -hydrate . Quick but mild . bond take out he pistol and turn , aim it at grant . bond and ? grant ( raise he arm ) take it easy , 0 - 0 - seven . bond glare at he . 112 . grant my escape route 's only for one . ( smile slightly ) what be you after , the girl or the lektor ? bond ( relenting , stop aim at grant ) all right . what be you plan ? grant explain it better on a map . ( gesture with one hand to he pocket ) all right ? grant take a map from he pocket , sit on the couch and open the map on nash 's briefcase . bond put he pistol in he pocket and look down . grant point to the map with both index finger . grant now , we be here , you see ? bond crouch beside he . grant when we reach there , there 's a steep gradient . the train slow down there . angle on the map grant 's leave hand continue point to the map as he right hand come down to he leg . grant ( 0.s. ) we will block the line . make for that main road . two - shot grant pick up a car ... there . granth right hand go to he ankle . he take a pistol from a holster under he pant leg . grant ( 0.s. ) a truck , in fact . 113. bond ( 0.s. ) that must be about ... two - shot bond twenty mile from here . grant suddenly slam the butt of he pistol against the base of bond 's skull . bond groan and drop to the floor . grant jump up . bond roll across the floor . low angle - bond and grant bond lie on he side in f.g . grant kick he leg to see if he will react . then grant reach down , roll bond onto he back , put he pistol to bond 's temple , take bond 's gun from he shoulder holster and slip into he pocket . he feel bond 's leg for more weapon , then take he cigarette case . angle on bond grant open the cigarette case , see only cigarettes , and slip it into he pocket . he take cash from bond 's inside pocket . bond start to raise he hand . grant slap it down . low angle grant pocket the money , then take bond 's silencer from another pocket and rise aim he gun at bond . intercut - bond and grant struggle , bond sit up . grant keep still ! bond look back . grant all right , get up on you knee . bond rise to he knee . grant put you hand in you pocket . keep ‘em there . grant sit on the couch , still aim he gun at bond . bond ( kneel with he hand in he pocket ) Red wine with fish . that should have tell I something . grant ( slip the silencer into he pocket and rest he free arm on he knee ) you may know the right wine , but you be the one on you knee . how do it feel , old man ? bond " Old man ' ? be that what you chap in smersh call each other ? grant smersh ? bond ( look up with realization ) of course ! spectre ! then it be not a Russian show at all . you have be play we off against each other , have not you ? grant stare back at he . bond then it be spectre who kill the Russian agent in the mosque . you ? grant um-hmm . bond kerim and the other man ? grant um-hmm . bond and nash ? grant well , I do not mind talk . I get a kick out of watch the great James bond find out what a bloody fool he 's be make of himself . 114 . he take bond 's gun from he pocket , set it on the couch , then take out the silencer . 115 . grant we be pro , mister bond . he attaches the silencer to bond 's gun . grant we sweat you recognition code out of one of you man in Tokyo —- before he die . I have be keep tabs on you . I have be you guardian angel . I save you life at the gypsy camp . bond oh , yes . I be much oblige . grant we be keep you alive till you could get we the lektor . bond so you have I deliver it ona plate . it 's brilliant . go on , I be fascinate . grant now that we have get it , you and the girl be expendable . between here and trieste . he pick up bond 's gun with he leave hand and aim it at he . bond the girl ? be not she work for spectre , too ? grant no . she think she 's do it all for mother Russia . she take she order from Colonel kleb . bond well , Rosa kleb 's Russian . head of operation for smersh . grant be . kleb work for spectre now . the girl do not know that . bond well then , why kill she ? grant order . 116 . grant slip he own gun into he pocket then reach into another pocket . grant that 's only half of it , old man . bond stare at he . grant take out a roll of 8 mm movie film . grant here 's a roll of film . she will have this in she handbag . he toss the film onto the couch and take a envelope from he pocket . grant and on you ... they will find this letter . it 's from she . threaten to give the film to the press unless you marry she for help you get the lektor . he set the letter down . bond what film ? grant taken in the bridal suite at you hotel . something else the girl do not know about . or you . ( he snicker ) [ what a performance ! ] bond must be a pretty sick collection of mind to dream up a plan like that . grant can not you see the headline ? " british agent murder beautiful Russian spy , then commit suicide ' ? bond tell I . which lunatic asylum do they get you out of ? grant do not make it tougher on yourself . dolly back as grant walk over to bond and slap he face hard . bond just think , 117 . grant my order be to kill you and deliver the lektor . how I do it be my business . it will be slow and painful . bond how much be they pay you ? grant what 's it to you ? bond we will double it . grant you word of honour ? as a English gentleman ? stare at he . grant glance down , smirk as if then look at bond again . grant the first one will not kill you . nor the second . not even the third . not till you crawl over here and you kiss my foot ! bond how about a cigarette ? grant not a chance . bond I will pay for it . grant what with ? bond fifty gold sovereign . grant where be they ? bond up there , in my case . grant glance up at the luggage rack . bond watch he . grant switch the gun to he right hand and take the briefcase with he leave . bond keep watch . 118 . grant you show I . he toss the briefcase onto the couch . it land on top of nash 's . bond take he hand from he pocket and raise the case . grant watch . [ end of reel 10 . start reel 11 . ] angle on bond over grant in f.g. aim the gun at he . bond open the case , remove the strap with the sovereign and hold they out to grant . bond here you be . what about that cigarette ? reverse angle - over bond' shoulder at grant grant start pull a glove onto he leave hand . grant throw them down there . bond toss the strap onto the couch . grant any more in the other case ? angle on bond grant in f.g. continue pull on the glove [ onto he right hand as he hold bond 's gun with he leave ] . bond stare at he . bond I should imagine so . it 'sa standard kit . he set nash 's case aside and turn he own case to face he . bond I will have a look . angle on grant - over bond' shoulder grant finish pull the glove onto he right hand . his leave hand be also glove . grant put you hand back in you pocket ! 119 . medium close shot - bond obey and return he hand to he pocket . angle on grant over bond' shoulder grant keep they there . he sit on the couch and turn bond 's case toward himself . medium close shot - bond watch . angle on grant over bond' shoulder he turn the first catch on the case . medium close shot - bond still watch . close shot - the case grant 's hand move to the other catch and flip it open . medium close shot - bond still watch . suddenly a gush sound occur 0.s. medium close shot - grant fly backwards in a gale of smoke shoot from the case . series of shot - bond lunge through the smoke at grant and grab the arm with the gun . - bond shove grant against the wall . - grant twist forward . - they struggle over the gun . the gun fire . - a bullet smashes the light . - bond and grant , bath in blue moonlight , keep struggle in the smoke . bond grab the gun and throw it . - the gun smashes through the window . we see the man 's reflection in the glass . bond grab grant by the collar and twist he around . 120 . - bond try to pull grant 's jacket down over he arm . - wider angle : bond pull grant downward then slam a knee into he face . grant fly backwards . - in tania' compartment : grant crash in through the door . he bounce off the couch ( where tania be sleep ) and fly forward . his head butt into bond 's stomach - in bond' compartment : bond crash against the wall and fall onto the couch . - in tania' compartment : grant dive at bond . - bond pivot and grant land on the couch in front of he . bond stand on the couch and kick grant in the back then in the face . grant fly backwards . - grant land in a corner then duck as bond try to step on he . bond 's foot go wide and he leg arch over grant . - bond try to wrap he leg around grant 's neck . grant grab he leg and push upwards in a tackle . - bond land backwards on the couch , grant atop he . bond grab he neck with both hand and they roll onto the floor . - grant push bond backwards against the couch . - bond smashes two fist into grant 's face . - grant fall backwards . bond grab he by the neck with one hand . - with the other , bond punch he in the face . grant fall backwards , landing in the doorway to tania 's compartment . - bond lunge forward . - grant jump to he foot as bond dive at he . - both on they foot now in the doorway , bond throw a punch at he face . grant duck then punch bond in the stomach . - wider angle : grant pull he arm back readying another punch . - bond slam the connect door into he face . - grant fall backwards onto tania 's couch . - he lunge at bond and grab he around the waist . bond grab he under the arm and slam he against the doorjamb . 121. - closer : as grant rebound , bond slam he against the other doorjamb , then against the first one ... - wider : ... then against the second one , then against the first one . grant suddenly heave he backwards . - bond fall against he couch . - bond sink down then kick at grant . - bond 's foot connect with grant 's face and grant fly backwards , landing on he back . - bond jump up and run forward . - grant jump up and run forward . - bond throw a punch at grant and miss . grant punch he in the face then repeatedly in the stomach as bond raise he hand to defend himself . - grant 's face be contort in anger . - bond grab grant around the neck . - grant push bond against the wall . bond keep one hand on grant 's back and plant the other on he face , try to break he neck . - closer : bond 's hand push grant 's head back . - bond judo - chop both side of grant 's neck then grip the bar on the overhead rack . - wider : bond swing he leg forward and kick grant in the chest . grant fall backwards . - grant land on bond 's couch . bond release the bar and dive at he . grant roll aside . bond land face - down on the couch . grant jump onto he back and grab he around the neck , then swing he around so bond be almost sit on grant 's lap . - close on granth hand : he wear the watch contain the garrote . - bond reach back , struggle to grab grant 's hand . grant reach for he watch . - close on granth hand : he pull the garrote from he watch . - grant sling the garrote around bond 's neck . bond clutches at it as grant strangle he . the back of bond 's right hand be bloody . he look down at he briefcase and reach for it . 122 . - grant continue to strangle bond . - close on the briefcase : bond 's hand try to press the button to release the knife . - grant continue strangling he . bond glance down . - his hand still fumble with the briefcase . - grant continue strangling he , bond still look down . - bond 's finger press the button . the knife pop out the side of the case . bond 's hand grab it and turn it upward . - bond swing around with the knife . - bond plunge the knife into grant 's shoulder . grant scream . bond grab he by the neck and whip he around . - bond sling the garrote around grant 's neck . - grant fall backwards as bond strangle he . - grant 's head dangle now from the garrote . - bond pull the garrote tighter . grant gasp . bond pull still tighter . grant 's head slump back and he land on the couch dead . angle on bond he back away , breathe heavily . he straighten he tie and button he coat . then he go to the couch , pick up various thing and put they in he pocket . he take he hat and briefcase and start to back away , but return to grant and reach inside he coat , take out the cash . bond you will not be need this , old man . in tania' compartment bond enter , close the connect door behind he and lock they . he turn to the compartment door , open it and look outside . bond be Pov - the railroad track - day for night a truck with its hood up sit on a railroad crossing block the track up ahead . the train sound its whistle . 123. bond put on he hat . dolly back as he shut the door . bond tania ! he go to she and grab she shoulder . bond wake up ! he pull she up by the collar . she be barely conscious . bond wake up or I will leave you behind ! she sink back onto the couch , groan . he grab she again and pull she up into a sit position . bond oh , tania , wake up or I will leave you behind ! do you hear I ?! tania do not leave I ; never leave I . ext . railroad crossing - day for night - same time we see the truck now in f.g . there be a bed of flower in back . the driver —- rhoda —- stand next to it waive to the approach train to stop . the train slow and sound its whistle . the train wheel grind to a halt . in tania' compartment bond lift tania to she foot and lean she against the wall . bond tania , this be nash 's escape route . do you understand ? we have get to get off here . he hand she a sweater from a coat-hook . bond take this . come on . he pick up he briefcase and the lektor and lead she out into the corridor . 124 . ext . train crossing - day for night - same time two porter run toward the truck call out in turkish . rhoda get behind the wheel as one of they go to the passenger door . they move to push the car off the track . ext . train - angle on doorway bond lead tania down the step . bond must get to the other side of the train . under here . he push she down and follow . at the crossing the porter push the car off the track . wide angle - the side of the train bond and tania emerge from underneath it , run behind some tree and duck . at the crossing - series of shot - bond and rhoda - the train start slowly forward as the porter run back to it . - bond watch from behind a tree . - the train wheel pick up speed . - bond dart forward and jump onto the train . he look around . - the train reach the crossing . bond jump off and couch . the rest of the train pass by . bond run across the track to the passenger side of the truck as rhoda walk back along the driver 's side . - rhoda peer down the track . - bond crouch , watch he . - rhoda let out a sharp whistle . rhoda grant ! where be you ? - bond keep watch . - rhoda walk back along the driver 's side of the truck . 125 . rhoda grant ! ( he whistle again ) - bond rise , ready to strike . - rhoda step in front of the truck , whistle again , and reach up to close the hood . bond leap forward and slam it shut on rhoda 's arm . bond grab rhoda 's hair . bond Excuse I . - bond punch he in the face . - rhoda fall to the ground . bond kneel , pull off rhoda 's belt and tie he wrist behind he back . - the train continue into the distance . - bond frisk rhoda , find a gun and toss it aside . then he roll rhoda over . - bond lift rhoda , place he in the passenger seat of the truck and shut the door . bond now do not run away . tania lie sleep behind the tree . bond run to she . bond come on ! she moan . bond come on or I will leave you here ! tania stay here with I ! bond pick up he briefcase and the lektor with one hand and pull tania up with the other . tania ( exclaim ) ooh ! wider angle pan on they as they run along the track to the truck . bond lift tania into the bed of the truck atop the flower . 126 . bond sleep it off in there . you will foot better in the morning . tania roll onto she side , she eye flicker close . we hear the hatch close . at the driver' side of the truck bond open the driver 's door climb behind the wheel . rhoda be still unconscious . bond come on , wake up . rhoda barely move . bond close the door and drive away . dissolve to : ext . a dirt road - day the truck approach . in the truck - same time bond continue to drive , rhoda still unconscious beside he . helicopter shot - the truck continue along the road . in the helicopter - same time the pilot and a guard hold a rifle look down at the truck . there Pov - the truck continue down the road . bond behind the wheel look up at the chopper . series of shot - bond and the helicopter - the chopper 's passenger wave at bond to stop drive . - bond look forward , ignore he . - the helicopter fly across the truck , circle around and fly back . - the pilot and passenger look down at the truck . - from they Pov , zoom in on tania look up at they . 127 . - the chopper whizze past overhead , the passenger still waive at bond to stop . - bond glance up but keep drive . - the helicopter fly over the truck . - bond glance up again but keep drive . - the helicopter fly over the truck again . - its tail pass directly above the bed of the truck . tania look up . - the helicopter circle again . - the passenger hold a hand grenade and pull out the pin with he tooth . - the chopper zoom right overhead . - a explosion go off right behind the truck . - bond duck but keep drive . - the chopper zoom right overhead again . - bond look up then back at the road . - the chopper zoom across the truck . - the passenger hold another hand grenade . pilot try and straddle the truck . the passenger nod , pull the pin out with he tooth and lean over the side . - from they Pov , they cross the truck again . - another explosion go off behind the truck . - the helicopter zoom right overhead again . - another explosion go off , this one beside the truck . the truck stop . - bond get out , look up at the chopper - the chopper circle around again . - bond rush out with the lektor and he fold rifle and slam the door behind he . 128 . bond run to the back of the truck . tania look up at he . bond ( 0.s . ) I will get they away from here ! you hide under the truck . bond run forward again and look up . the helicopter zoom by right overhead . bond run away from the truck and up a hill . from the chopper 's Pov , we see bond run onto the hilltop . the chopper pass by right in front of we . the chopper pass over bond and he drop to the ground . the chopper zoom away . tania peer around the back of the truck then climb underneath it . the chopper zoom right overhead again . from the chopper 's Pov , bond run forward as the chopper try to run he down . bond drop flat to the ground and the chopper continue on . bond look up at the chopper . the chopper start to circle again . bond run forward . the chopper fly right at we . from the chopper 's Pov , bond run over the crest of the hill then duck as the chopper pass by . the chopper start to circle again . bond turn and look up . the chopper fly right over he and he drop to the ground again as it pass by . he jump to he foot and run forward again . the chopper fly right at we again . from the chopper 's Pov , bond run back up the hillside then drop to the ground . 129 . - the chopper circle again . - bond run off . - the chopper , nearly at ground level , chase he . bond dive over a outcropping of rock and the chopper pass over he . it start to circle . bond emerge from behind the rock and run up the hill toward we . - bond run behind another rock formation . he lie back to let the rock shelter he . - the chopper pass right overhead again . - bond pick up he fold rifle . - the chopper circle again . - bond assemble the rifle . - the chopper now hover directly overhead . - the passenger lean out hold a grenade . - bond aim the rifle at the chopper . - the chopper continue to hover . - bond fire the rifle . the bullet strike the passenger and he drop the grenade inside the chopper . he and the pilot struggle frantically to reach it . - the chopper explode in a ball of flame . - bond look up . - the chopper drop spin from the sky . - zoom in on bond as he cover he face . - the chopper keep tumble . - zoom further in on bond . a explosion 0.s. bathes he in red . - the chopper on the ground explode again . - bond lean against the rock as smoke waft by . his hat be go . - the chopper explode yet again . 130 . - bond look around the corner of the rock at it . then , pick up the lektor , he crawl forward , leave he hat behind . he run downhill from the burn chopper . angle on the truck rhoda sit fume in the passenger seat , mutter to himself in Russian . tania walk up to the driver 's window and lean against it , pleased . bond turn toward they . rhoda keep mutter . truck forward to bond arrive . tania hug he . tania oh , ja —- right behind they the chopper explode yet another time . bond shield tania with he body then look back . bond I would say one of they aircraft be miss . he and tania turn toward the truck . dissolve to : ext . jetty - day the truck drive down a road and stop at the jetty where a motor launch wait . it bear four fuel drum . bond emerge from the truck wear a skipper 's cap . he grab the lektor , briefcase and rifle and hurry to the back of the truck , where tania be riding . bond tania ? she climb down hold she sweater . bond ( hand she the briefcase ) here , take this and cast the rope off . tania all right . she run forward . bond pass behind the truck . [ end of reel 11 . start reel 12 . ] 131 . angle across rhoda in the truck bond stop at the passenger door and open it . bond where 's the key ? no response . bond jab the barrel of the rifle into rhoda 's neck . bond where 's the key ? rhoda in my coat . in the pocket . bond lift rhoda 's coat and take a key from the pocket . bond all right , get out . move ! rhoda climb out of the truck . wide angle bond in the boat ! rhoda run down the jetty to the boat . tania be untying the back rope . bond follow carry the lektor , rifle and rhoda 's coat . he unty the front rope and the three of they climb aboard . bond start the engine and the boat move off . on the boat the three of they stand look through the windshield . bond ( to rhoda ) can you swim ? rhoda look away . bond ( to tania ) here , take the wheel . ( to rhoda ) this way , please . bond lead rhoda to the back of the boat . bond oop , mind the step ! he make rhoda step up onto the edge of the boat . tania look back . bond unstrap rhoda 's belt from he wrist . 132 . bond it just be not you day , be it ? bond push he over the side of the boat into the water . rhoda scream back at he in Russian . tania smile as bond walk back to she . tania where be we go ? bond Venice . look in that locker , will you ? she pass he and he take the wheel . she open the locker . tania chart , pistol , some flare ... bond here , give I that chart . she hand he a chart . he unfold it on the cabin and look at it . bond ( point at the map ) yes , we be here . near istria . he look back and see the four fuel drum . bond well , we have get plenty of fuel . with a bit of luck we should be there by tomorrow morning . CUT to : medium close shot - blofeld cat he stroke it . blofeld ( 0.s. ) Three man be find dead on the train at trieste . one of they be grant . pull back to reveal : int . blofeld cabin on he yacht - day blofeld swivel forward to face kleb and kronsteen . 133 . blofeld what do you have to say , number five ? kronsteen he be kleb 's choice . her people fail . kleb ( to kronsteen ) it be you plan ! they follow it implicitly . kronsteen impossible . it be perfect . kleb except for one thing . they be deal with bond ! kronsteen who be bond ... compare to kronsteen ? blofeld continue stroking he cat . blofeld ( 0.s. ) exactly . what have you to say to that , number Three ? kleb look at he fearfully . blofeld press a white button on he desk . morzeny enter through the doorway behind they . dolly in as he approach the desk . blofeld bond be still alive and the lektor be not yet in we possession . I have already negotiate with the Russians to return it to they . we have agree a price . and spectre always deliver what it promise . we whole organization depend on we keep that promise . morzeny quietly put he foot together and a knife shoot out of the toe of one of he boot . blofeld ( still stroking he cat ) I warn you . we do not tolerate failure , number Three . 134 . kronsteen look smugly at kleb . kleb sweat profusely . blofeld ( 0.s. ) you know the penalty ? kleb yes , number one . the boot with the knife lean back , prepare to strike . blofeld ( 0.s. ) we rule be very simple . kleb keep sweat . kronsteen turn smugly to blofeld . blofeld keep stroking he cat . blofeld ( 0.s. ) if you fail ... morzeny 's boot turn sideways toward kronsteen , and suddenly kick he in the ankle . kronsteen cry out in pain and double over . kleb look on , amaze . kronsteen rise , a look of total incomprehension on he face . he start to fall then brace himself against the edge of blofeld 's desk . dolly back . kronsteen shake he head at blofeld in disbelief and slowly sink to the floor . blofeld twelve second . one day we must invent a faster work venom . -- number Three . kleb ( snap to attention ) yes , sir . blofeld ( 0.s. ) I do not wish to have to tell the Russians that there will be another delay . kleb there will be no delay , number one . there 's still time . CUT to : ext . gulf of venice - long shot - day bond 's boat race across the water in the distance , leave a white wake . 135 . in the boat tania lick she finger and hold it to the wind . bond , steering , smile at she . tania which way be we go ? bond the shortest route . ( hold up the chart ) which be between that two mountain ... he point to mountain loom up ahead . bond and straight along the coast . they look peacefully into the distance . suddenly a motorboat round a point in front of they , head for they . bond spin the wheel , turn back in the direction they come from , throw a wide wash behind . they race ahead at full throttle . they hear morzeny 's voice call through a megaphone : morzeny ( filter ) ahoy , mister bond ! tania look back . the motorboat race to catch up . morzeny ( filter ) ahoy , mister bond ! closer shot - the motorboat morzeny hold the megaphone and stand beside the pilot ; two spectre men sit behind he . morzeny ( filter ) ( to bond ) heave to ! heave to ! 136 . bond glance back then put on even more speed . suddenly he see another motorboat up ahead round a point and race at he , then another . he swerve to avoid they , complete another half arc . morzeny ( filter ) you be trap , mister bond ! you be trap ! you can not escape ! you can not escape ! wide angle - the sea bond 's boat speed ahead , leave a wide wake , with three motorboat racing after it . zoom back to a even wider angle . morzeny boat speed forward . one of he man kneel on the bow aim a machine gun . morzeny bark order into the megaphone : morzeny ( filter ) rifle grenade , prepare to fire ! angle over morzeny the other two boat be right ahead , chase bond 's boat in b.g . on each bow a man crouch with a machine gun . morzeny ( filter ) we be come through ! pull over , spectre Green ! ( lower the megaphone and wave ) get out of the way ! his boat pass between the other two . morzeny ( to a man behind he ) give they a warning shot ! the man behind he fire a rifle grenade . angle on bond' boat a explosion occur just behind it . on morzeny boat he call through the megaphone to the boat on he leave . 137 . morzeny ( filter ) rifle grenade fire ! a man on that boat fire a rifle grenade . reverse angle on bond' boat a explosion occur right in front of it . on morzeny boat he call through the megaphone to the man on he bow . morzeny ( filter ) forward machine gun fire ! medium shot - another boat a man fire a rifle grenade . bond' boat another explosion occur behind it and we hear machine gun fire . morzeny boat the man on the bow be fire he machine gun . morzeny call through the megaphone to the two boat behind he . morzeny ( filter ) you be fire too close ! on another boat a man fire another rocket grenade . angle on bond' boat another explosion occur behind it . morzeny ( 0.s. , filter ) spectre Red , spectre Green , you be fire too close ! morzeny boat he turn to the boat behind he . a man on he stern fire another grenade . on bond' boat tania look back . a explosion occur right behind she . the three spectre boat follow in b.g. 138 . morzeny boat morzeny continue on the megaphone . morzeny ( filter ) ( to the other ) you be try to stop they , not to sink they ! on bond' boat bond glance back . Machine - gun fire and another explosion erupt behind he . tania duck and look back . morzeny boat come right at they , the man on the bow fire he machine gun . on bond' boat bond glance back at the fuel drum . bullet puncture each of they and fuel pour out . bond keep look . more fuel . he touch tania 's arm . bond here , take the wheel ! tania take the wheel . bond turn , unty the drum and push three of they off the boat . they splash into the water . pan back to show the drum float between bond 's boat and the other . morzeny raise a pair of binocular . he see the drum in the water . [ end of reel 12 . start reel 13 .] morzeny ( to skipper ) slow down ! the three boat pass one of the fuel drum . zoom back to a wide angle . morzeny slow down all boat ! Green , go alongside , while we keep you cover . 139 . bond' boat bond roll the last fuel drum off the boat . it splashes into the water . bond start to reach down . morzeny ( 0.s. ) hand up , mister bond ! bond raise he hand as tania look back . tania why be you give up ? without that drum the boat must be lighter . we can go faster . bond Hand I that very pistol . morzeny boat he call to bond through the megaphone . morzeny keep you hand up , Mr. bond . we be send a boat along to take you off . on bond' boat tania hand bond the pistol . he aim and fire it . series of shot - a fuel drum blow up . - the fuel in the water explode around the spectre boat as bond speed away . - bond fire the pistol again . - more explosion in the water . - flame roar up . on bond' boat he glance back grin . bond ( to tania ) there 's a say in England : ' where there 's smoke there 's fire . ' 140 . series of shot - two spectre boat collide amidst the flame and smoke , set off a explosion between they . the man on the bow of one of the boat catch fire and jump overboard . - morzeny 's boat come forward through the flame . morzeny ( yell at another boat ) Green , change you course ! - the other boat pass through deep smoke and , when it emerge , the man on the bow be go . - morzeny yell at the other : morzeny all boat , toss you ammunition ! get rid of it -- quick ! - pan across a boat on fire . - morzeny stand on he burn boat , wave back at the other boat . morzeny get rid of it ! - on another boat , the man on the bow shield he face against the flame . - flame engulf morzeny 's boat . - it pass through more fire . - Fire burn on the water . - morzeny call to he man . morzeny Quick as you can ! let 's jump ! - his boat pass into a cauldron of flame . - morzeny be ablaze . he fall backwards into the water . morzeny ( scream ) ahhh ! - his boat explode . slow dissolve to : 141 . ext . venice - establishing shot - day lay serenely on the Mediterranean . on a HOTEL balcony tania sit in a chair . a champagne bottle and glass be on the table beside she , and bond stand lighting she cigarette . dolly in . bond wear a shirt and tie but no jacket . he kiss the back of she neck . a phone ring inside . bond do not go away . he go into they room . pan on he through the window as he walk to the phone . int . salon - same time bond pick up the phone . bond ( into phone ) yes ?... oh , thanks . tell he to wait , will you ? and , uh , send up a porter for the luggage ... thank you . a knock sound at the door . bond ( call back in italian ) avanti ! the door to the suite open and kleb enter dress as a chambermaid . kleb ( in italian ) permesso , signor . ( by you leave , sir . ) bond ( in italian ) Si , prego . ( yes , please . ) kleb shut the door and walk off . bond ( into phone ) and also , uh , get I the british consul ... thank you . 142. he replace the receiver . pan on he as he walk to a table where the lektor sit and shut the case . kleb , behind he , be dusting a couch . bond pick up he shoulder holster , which hang over a chair at the table , and walk into the bedroom put it on . dolly in on kleb . she walk to the table and pick up the lektor . the phone suddenly ring again . she set the lektor down and take a ashtray from the table . bond emerge from the bedroom . pan on he as he grab he coat from the chair , pass kleb hold the ashtray , go to the phone put he coat on and pick up the phone . bond ( into phone ) yes ?... oh , mister maxwell , please ... James bond . tania enter the salon , hold a green coat over she shoulder . tania James , we will miss the plane and we will ... she freeze , see kleb . kleb look at tania and put a finger to she lip , shushing she . tania dolly in on she as she mouth the word , " Rosa kleb . " bond ( 0.s. ) ( into phone ) hello , Paul . bond here . just to tell you we be off in a few minute and I want to thank you for everything . and signal the office we be on we way back , will you ? angle on bond tania stand in b.g. near the door . kleb , hold a suitcase , pick up the lektor from the table and turn toward the door . 143. bond ( continue ) . what be that ? ( he see kleb and point ) here , leave that ! I will take it . kleb set the lektor down . bond listen on the phone and laugh . bond what ?... oh , no . it should be routine from here on in . y'know , so many time -- he look off at kleb and stop . medium close shot - kleb aim a gun at he . bond stare at she . meanwhile we hear Paul over the phone : paul ( filter ) hello , what be that you be say ? hello , hello ? kleb gesture to he to hang up . bond realization cross he face . bond ( to himself ) kleb . kleb gesture again for he to hang up . medium shot - bond again we hear Paul over the phone : paul ( filter ) James ! be you still there ? hello ! 144 , bond put the phone down . kleb make a upward gesture with the gun . bond turn and put he hand up . tania look at bond shaking she head , as if to say she 's not in on this . bond look at she in chagrin then glance down . kleb ( 0.s. ) romanova ! wider angle bond stand in f.g. with he arm raise as tania and kleb stand in b.g. kleb the door ! bond look at tania . tania look back , shaking she head again . kleb kleb ( yell now ) romanova ! bond glance at tania . three - shot tania open the door . dolly up as kleb walk over to bond , take he gun and toss it aside . 145 . bond look on . closer angle - tania and kleb kleb pick up the lektor and hand it to tania . kleb take this . tania take it from she . bond watch . angle on the doorway tania step out into the hall with the lektor . dolly in as kleb start close the door , still aim at bond . bond watch . angle on kleb dolly in closer on she close the door further , still aim at bond . bond dolly in close as he watch . angle on kleb suddenly the door burst open and tania lunge in and grab kleb . series of shot - the gun land on the floor . - bond lunge forward . - tania fall to the floor as kleb rise , face bond . she back away rip off she cap . - bond run forward then hesitates . - kleb knock she foot together . a knife shoot out from the toe of one of she shoe . 146 . bond back away and grab a chair , aim it to block she , and step forward . angle on kleb' feet they step forward . she shout and kick out with she shoe . bond 's foot approach she . tilt up as he push the chair against she and pin she to the wall . she curse at he in Russian and try to hit he . bond' face her fist miss he . angle on kleb' feet her knife foot keep kick at he . two - shot bond keep kleb pin against the wall . tania on the floor on she side grab bond 's gun , roll onto she back and aim it at one and then the other . bond and kleb dolly in as he keep she pin and she try to hit and kick he . there feet kleb 's foot keep kick at bond 's leg but he move to avoid they . she curse again in Russian . tania aim the gun again at one and then the other and then fire . kleb kleb ( scream ) ah ! ah ! her arm fly up . bond watch she . 147 . kleb sink down along the wall to the floor then tip over . bond back away and set the chair down . dolly back as tania walk up to he still hold the gun and look at kleb . she rub bond 's shoulder . he take the gun from she . tania horrible woman . bond yes . ( he rub he eye ) she 's have she kick . CUT to : ext . venice canal - day a flock of pigeon fly into the air . follow they as they cross the canal . Matt monro sing " from russia with love . " closer on the canal tilt down from a bridge above the canal to gondolas stream forward . in a gondola - same time bond and tania ride in the back seat . he wear he suit and she she green coat . she take the wedding ring off she finger and hand it to he . tania here you be , in case you ever need it again . bond ( take it ) oh , yes . all government property have to be account for . ( slip the ring into he pocket ) but as I say before : ' we will not always be work on the company 's time , ' will we ? tania no. they kiss , bond squeezing tania 's shoulder . 148 . favoring bond they continue to kiss then tania suddenly sit upright and straighten she hair . tania James , behave yourself ! we be be film ! surprise , he glance back . bond be Pov - a bridge overhead a elderly couple stand on the bridge . the man film they as the woman take snapshot . on the gondola - favoring tania bond oh , not again ! he take the reel of film give to he by grant from he pocket . favoring bond he unspool the start of the roll and hold it up to the light . bond ( look at it ) he be right , , you know . [ what a performance ! ] favoring tania tania what be it ? bond I will show you . he sling a arm around she and they kiss . tilt up to the canal . bond 's hand rise into frame hold the reel , swing it around and toss it . close shot - the canal the reel land in the water . '' at this moment there be a skip in the soundtrack where the line be remove , which be obvious because the lyric skip . 149 . bond' hand wave goodbye to it . the water pull back as ' the end ' come on , then tilt up to the recede Venice shoreline as another title come on : not quite the end jame bond will return in the next ian fleming thriller " 'goldfinger ' end credit roll . fade out . the end