from dusk till dawn screenplay by quentin tarantino Story by Robert kurtzman directed by Robert rodriguez this script be transcribe , proof read and format by ueli riegg email : webmaster@studiour . tsx. org : url : http://studiour. tsx. org '' T earnestly wish a end would come to this bloody race I be force to run . '' countess in : '' La comtesse noire '' by jess franco fade in : ext . liquor store - day a convenience store in a Texas suburb . no other business surround it . close - up : a light switch be flip on . the sign on top of the store light up . it read : benny 's world of liquor . title card : big spring , TEXAS 109 mile west of abilene 345 mile east of the mexican border a Texas Ranger patrol car pull into the parking lot and areal live Texas Ranger , earl mcgraw , step out . mcgraw be in full ranger uniform - button shirt , cowboy hat , boot , mirrore shade , tin star and a colt revolver on he hip . it 's about a hour and a half before sundown and mcgraw be off duty for the day . the only other car in the parking lot be a 1975 plymouth int . benny 's world of liquor - day a young Hawaiian shirt wear man name pete sit on a stool behind the counter . a few close -up:stomers fiddle about . a man wear a black suit , black tie , and wire rim glass hold hand with a pretty blonde girl in cutoff and bare foot . they look through magazine . another black suit wear man hold hand with a red-headed girl in a prep school uniform . they look through the beer cooler in the back of the store . both girl be around seventeen . mcgraw enter the store . mcgraw hot goddamn day ! pete have not feel it a bit . be inside with the air conditioner blastin’ all day long . mcgraw not even for lunch ? pete I be by myself today , eat my lunch outta the microwave . mcgraw walk over to the beer cooler , as if do ritually every night ( it be ) , take out a beer , pop it open and join Pete by the front counter . mcgraw Jesus Christ man , that microwave food will kill ya as quick as a bullet . that burrito be only fit for a hippie high on weed . pull I down a bottle of Jack Daniels . I be gettin 's tank tonight . pete whatsamatter ? mcgraw ( sigh ) awww , it 's just be a shitass day . every inch of it hot and miserable . first off , nadine at the Blue chip get some sorta sick , so that mongoloid boy of hers be workin’ the grill . that fuckin’ idiot do not know rat shit from Rice krispy . I eat breakfast at nine , be pukin 's up pig in a blanket like a sick dog by ten thirty . pete be not there a law or something against retard serve food to the publ ic ? mcgraw well , if there be not there sure oughta be . who know what go on inside mongoloid 's mind ? pete you could sue the shit out of she , ya know . that kid belong under a circus tent , not flippin’ burger . you could own that fuckin’ place . mcgraw what the hell would I do with that grease pit ? besides , nadine 's get enough of a cross to bear just take care of that potato head . then all this abilene shit happen . you hear about that bank robbery in abilene , do not ya ? pete that 's all that 's be on the box all day . they kill some people do not they ? mcgraw four ranger , three cop , and two civilian . and they take a lady bank teller as a hostage . Pete do not say anything . mcgraw they 's || probably make a run for the border , which would bring 's they this way . and if we get we hand on that shit ass , we be talk payback time . we 's will get ’em all right . I gotta piss . I be gonna use you commode . pete knock yourself out . mcgraw drop he last drip of beer , crush the can and exit in the bathroom . the black suite man by the beer cooler turn around and , with the prep school girl in tow , walk rapidly toward Pete . we see that the girl be cry . black suite man # 1 ( to Pete ) do you think I be fuckin’ play with you , asshole ? ( point to the tearful prep school girl ) do you want this little girl to die ? ( point to the blonde with the other guy ) or that little girl ? or you bosombuddy with the badge ? or yourself ? I do not wanna do it , but I 'l ] turn this fuckin’ store into the Wild bunch if I even think you 's be fuckin’ with I . the two man in black suit be the notorious abilene bank robber , seth and richard gecko , '' the gecko Brothers . '' and the other customer be all be hold hostage . Seth be the one with the prep girl . Richard be the one with the blonde . everybody speak low and fast . pete what do you want from I ? I do what you say . seth letting he use you toilet ? no store do that . pete he come in here every day and we bullshit . he 's use my toilet a thousand time . if I tell he no , he 's d know something be up . seth I want that son-of - a-bitch out outta here , in he car , and down the road or you can change the name of this place to '' benny 's World of blood . '' Richard , hold tightly the hand of the terrify girl , lean next to Seth 's ear and whisper something . Seth look at Pete . seth be you give that pig signal ? pete what ? be you kid ? I do not do anything ! Richard whisper something else in Seth 's ear . seth he say you be scratch . pete I wasn 's t scratch ! seth you callin’ he a liar ? Pete control himself . pete I be not call he a liar , okay ? I be simply say that if I be scratch , and if I do scratch , it 's not because I be signal the cop , it 's because I be fuckin’ scared shitless . Richard speak for the first time in a low calm voice to Seth . richard the Ranger 's take a piss . why do not I just go in there , blow he head off and get outta here . pete do not do that ! look , you ask I to act natural , and I be act as natural —- in fact , under the circumstance , | think I ought get a fuckin’ Academy Award for how natural I be act . you ask I to get rid of he , I be do my best . seth yeah , well , you best better get a helluva lot fuckin’ better , or you be gonna feel a helluva fuckin’ lot worse . the toilet flush . seth everybody be cool . everybody go back to what they be do . mcgraw step back out of the back . he appear to be unaware of the situation . mcgraw yeah , and I be gonna be right back at it tomorrow . so tonight I be gonna sit in front of the box and just drink booze . how much be the bottle ? pete six-fifty . out of nowhere Richard whip out he forty - five automatic and shoot mcgraw in the head . mcgraw go down scream . Richard stand over he and shoot he twice more . Seth charge forward . seth ( to Richard ) what the fuck be that about ? richard ( in a low monotone ) he signal the Ranger . pete ( hysterical ) I do not . ( to Seth ) you gotta believe I , I do not . richard ( to Seth ) when they be talkin’ , he mouth the word '' help we . '' pete you fuckin’ liar , I do not say shit ! Richard shoot Pete and Pete fall down behind the counter . Seth grab Richard and throw he up against the wall . seth what the fuck be wrong with you — richard Seth , he do it . you be by the beer cooler with you back turn . I be by the magazine , I could see he face . and I see he mouth : Richard mouth the word , '' help we . '' while Pete lie on the floor behind the counter bleed from he bullet wound , he open he floor safe and pull out a gun from it . Seth release he brother . seth start the car . richard you believe I do not cha ? seth shut up and start the car . Richard walk away from Seth and cross the counter ... ... when Pete spring up , gun in hand , and shoot Richard in the hand . Richard fall to he knee , howl ing . both Pete and Seth spray the store with gunfire . Seth dive down a aisle . he reload . Pete duck behind the counter . he reload . Richard have crawle to safety behind a aisle . the two girl have run out scream . seth ( yell ing ) richie ? you okay ? richard ( yell ing ) I be not dead , but I be definitely shot ! I tell you that bastard say , '' help we ! '' pete ( yell ing ) I never say help we ! seth ( yell ing ) well that do not matter now , ' cause you get about two fuckin’ second to live ! richie ! richard ( yell ing ) yeah ? seth ( yell ing ) when I count three , shoot out the bottle behind he ! richard gotcha ! seth one ... two ... Three . the two brother start firing toward the counter . they hit the bottle of alcohol on the shelf behind Pete . Pete be crouch on the ground as glass , debris and alcohol rain down on he . Seth grab a roll of paper towel from off a shelf . Richard keep firing . Seth douse the paper towel with lighter fluid , set it on fire with he Zippo , then toss it . the flame roll of paper towel fly through the air . the fireball land behind the counter . the entire counter area immediately burst into flame . Pete scream from behind the counter . Seth smile to himself and stand . Richard shake he head in amusement and stand . Pete run out from behind the counter , engulfed in flame still hold he weapon and firing . Seth and Richard hit the ground firing they . 45' . Pete , the human torch , fall like a tree into the hostess pastry display . Seth and Richard rise from the rubble . ext . benny 's world of liquor - day they exit the store squabbling . the store be burst into flame . seth what do I tell you ? what do I tell you ? buy the road map and leave . richard what be I suppose to do , Seth ? he recognize we . seth he do not recognize shit . both Seth and Richard stand on opposite side of the car . richard Seth , I be tell you , the way he look at we —- you especially —- I know he know . they both climb in the car , Seth behind the wheel . Seth start it op . the soupe up engine roar to life . we can hear Seth mumble under the motor . seth low profile . do you know what the word '' low profile '' mean ? close -up : seth 's S foot punch gas . the plymouth tear out of the parking lot backwards , hit the street , and speed off down the road . we crane up high to see the car leave a trail of dust behind it , as the store burn out of control . open credit sequence . raunchy , honky - tonk music fill the theater . CUT ext . TEXAS panhandle - day the plymouth tear ass across Texas plain . as title play over , we see Seth and Richard enjoy they getaway / road trip . Seth behind the wheel , pop open a bottle of prescription pill , empty out four of the red capsule in he hand , pop they in he mouth , and wash it back with a slug of Jack Daniel 's from a pint bottle . Richard look at Seth through the hole in he hand . like a boxer , Richard wrap he wounded hand with gaffer 's tape . the camera leave the boy , as they woosh down the street , and go along the length of the car to the trunk . it hang t0 : on the trunk . then we see through the trunk , like superman : a older woman tie up and helpless in the trunk . the rest of the title play over black as the song continue . credit sequence end CUT ext . emma and pete 's gravy train - day Emma and Pete 's gravy train be a truck stop off of highway 290 . subtitle appear at the bottom of the screen 's : fort stockton 238 mile from the mexican border int . emma and pete 's gravy train - day Emma and Pete 's patron be make up of regular , trucker , cowboy and road - weary traveler . the camera dolly through the maze of table , patron , and waitress . it stop when it get to a table occupy by the fuller family . the fuller definitely fall into the road-weary category . the member of the unit consist of the father , jacob , age 44 , a ex-preacher , a good man with rough edge , and he two child , kate , age 19 , be a young beauty who possess what can only be describe as a apple pie sensuality . she be dress like a nice Christian girl , complete with crucifix . scott , age 16 , be a Jacob 's vietnamese adopt son . Scott be a likable , long -haire kid who always wear a T-shirt with the name of the heavy metal garage band he play guitar for , '' precinct 13 . '' the three of they be wolfing down a late lunch . jacob we get about two more hour of day light leave . that 's will get we into El paso , which be right next to the border . we 's || stop at a motel — scott stop ? we 's be not go to actually stop at a motel , be we ? Scott and kate speak together , obviously repeat something that Jacob have say about three hundred time . scott and kate we’ have get a winnebago . we do not need that over priced roach haven . we 's be self contain . jacob okay , okay , maybe I be a little overzealous , but give I a break , I just buy it . Scott and kate continue the impersonation . scott why , just look at all this . you get you kitchen — - kate — you get you microwave —- scott — you get you sink —- kate — you get you shower — scott — - see this , television ! kate feel this , real wood panele . that 's real wood , too , not that fake stuff . jacob unless you two wiseacre wanna be introduce to the joy of hitchhike , what say we drop this ? scott ( to kate ) the truth hurt . kate ( to Scott ) it 's the bitterest of pill . jacob you two ought to start a stand - up act , because you be just waste you humor on I . kate ai not it the truth . scott why do you want to stop ? jacob I be exhaust . scott lie in the back , dad , I will drive we into Mexico . Jacob give Scott a look that say , '' you be not touch my new motor home . '' jacob I just bet you would . do not even thin about it . besides , I want to have one night 's sleep in a honest - to - goodness bed . the bed in the home be okay , but they 's be not like a real bed . kate hey , if we go to a motel , we can swim . scott i’ will be right back . I be gonna go to the bathroom . Scott get up from the table and walk out back to the restroom . Jacob and kate be leave alone . there 's a awkward moment of silence before ... kate dad , when I call the machine to check we message there be one from bethe! Baptist . Mr. Franklin say he wouldn 's t permanently replace you unti| we come back . he say when we come home , if you still feel the same way —- jacob that 's very nice of Ted , but i’ || call he tomorrow and tell he not to bother wait . kate I do not want to talk about this in front of Scott because he get upset . but you do not believe in God anymore ? jacob not enough to be a pastor . look , I know this be hard on you kid . after Jenny 's death , this be probably the last thing you need . but I can not do it any longer . my congregation need spiritual leadership . well , they can not get that from I anymore . my faith be go . to answer you question , yes , I do believe in Jesus . but do I love they ? no. after Jenny die , I just think , what 's the point ? kate ( push he ) it 's just , all we life you 's have be a pastor . for twenty year you 's have preach trust in the lord . and then one day you wake up and say fuck he ? jacob I do not say fuck he . I be just not connect anymore . kate that happen , you 's will ! get it back . jacob kate , give you old man a little credit . every person who choose the service of God as they life 's work have something in common . I do not care if you 's be a preacher , a priest , a nun , a rabbi or a Buddhist monk . many , many time during you life you 's || look at you reflection in the mirror and ask yourself , be I a fool ? we have all do it . I be not go through a lapse . what i’ have experience be closer to awaken . I be not try to shake you faith . I have just decide not to devote my life to God anymore . kate what do you think Mom would say ? jacob Mom 's get nothing to say , she 's dead . CUT t0 : close up : counter bell . a hand slam down on it . ring . int . lobby - dew drop inn - day Seth stand at the front desk of the Dew Drop Inn . a standard issue Texas motel . Richard sit outside in the car . nobody respond to the bell . Seth bang it impatiently five time . TEXAS voice ( 0 . S. ) hold you horse ! a old-timer walk through a curtain behind the counter . he 's eat a bbq rib . old-timer ( rough ) whatcha want ? seth whatcha think I want , ya mean old bastard ? I wanna room . ext . courtyard - dew drop inn - day Richard sit in the car listen to merle haggard on the radio . he watch from he perspective , Seth take the walk outside and get in the car . Seth start it up , and drive they to they room . richard do they have cable ? seth no . richard do they have a x-rate channel ? seth no . richard do they have a waterbed ? seth they do not have anything except four wall and a roof , and that 's all we need . they car drive up to room # 9 , but they park back up the trunk close to the door . the two brother get out of the car . seth ( toss richie the motel key ) open the door . we gotta do this fast . richie open the door . Seth go to the trunk , look around the court yard . it 's empty . close up : key go into the trunk lock , turn . trunk Pov : Seth look into the camera . seth 's S Pov : a woman in she late forty be lie scrunch up in the trunk . she be the hostage bank teller from abilene . she 's stiff , scared and look a absolute mess . seth Don 's t say a word . the two brother , quick as lighten , yank the woman out of the trunk and whisk she into the motel room . seth close the trunk , look around for any johnny eye-witness , doesn 's t see any , slam the door . int . seth and richard 's S room - day Seth turn from the door , see the hostage woman stand . seth you . Plant yourself in that chair . she sit down in the chair . hostage what be you plan on do with — seth — I say plant yourself . plant do not talk . you wanna get on my good side ? just sit still and do not make a peep . she shut up . Richard slowly take off he jacket . he wince from he wound . seth let I help you . he help he get he jacket off . seth how 's it feel ? richard how ya think , it hurt like a son-of-a-bitch . richie go over to the bed and lie down on it . Seth take the pillow and stack they for richie to prop he back up against . seth I get both room on either side of we , so we do not gotta worry about eavesdropp asshole . how 's that feel ? you okay ? richard feel good . seth I be gonna go get the money . he head for the door . ext . courtyard - motel - day Seth go into the car , take out a big suitcase . he scan the perimeter with he eye , go back inside . int . motel room # 9 - day Seth come back in , lay the suitcase on the bed . richie have the tv remote control in he hand and he 's flipping station . Seth look at he watch . seth it 's about five o’ clock . ( to hostage ) what time do it get dark around here ? hostage about seven . seth good . I be go towards the border to check thing out while it 's still daylight . call carlos and arrange the rendezvous . richard hey , when you talk to he , see if you can arrange a better deal than thirty percent . seth that 's they standard deal , brother . they ain 's t about to change it for we . richard do you even to try to negotiate ? seth this guy be not spic fire cracker salesman from Tijuana . they do not even know the meaning of the word '' barter '' . you wanna stay in El Ray ? you give they thirty percent of you loot . it 's scripture . so it be write , so shall it be do . you want sanctuary , you pay the price , and the price be thirty percent . richard all I be say —- seth — - this conversation be over . richie shrug and turn back to tv , Seth turn to the hostage , grab a chair and slide it up in front of she . seth now , we need to have a talk . what 's you name ? hostage gloria . he shake she hand . seth hello , gloria , I be Seth and that 's my brother richie . let 's cut to the chase . I be gonna ask you a question and all I want be a yes or no answer . do you want to live through this ? gloria yes . seth good . then let I explain the house rule . follow the rule , we will get along like a house on fire . rule number one : no noise , no question . you make a noise ... ( he hold up he . 45 ) .. Mr. 45 make a noise . you ask a question , Mr. 45 answer it . now be you absolutely , positively clear about rule number one ? gloria yes . seth rule number two : you do what we say , when we say it . if you do not , see rule number one . Seth take the .45 , place the barrel next to the woman 's 's cheek . she squirm and shut she eye . he pull back the hammer . seth rule number three : do not you ever try and fuckin’ run on we . 's Cause I get five little friend , and they all run faster and you can . get it ? she nod she head yes . he take the gun away and replace the hammer . seth open you eye . she do . seth gloria , you hang in there , follow the rule , and do not fuck with we , you 's || get out of this alive . I give you my word . okay ? she nod she head yes . Seth rise . seth I 'i1 be back in a bit . he exit . Richard look to the tv , then look to gloria sit across the room in the chair . richard wanna come up here on the bed and watch tv with I ? you can tell she do not want to . he pat the empty space next to he . richard come on . she get out of she chair , walk across the bed , and sit next to he . ext . phone booth - day a phone booth outside of a gas station . Seth be in the middle of a conversation with the party on the other end . seth thing be real hot here . cross 's 's gonna be a bitch . ( pause ) do not worry , we’ will get across . but when we do , where do we go ? ( pause ) can we make it as close to the border as possible ? Texas want we ball . the quick we 's be in you protection , the better I will feel . ( pause ) okay , where ? ( pause ) the titty twister ? ( he laugh ) I love it already . okay , carlos , i’ Il see you and you man at the '' titty twister '' tomorrow morning . ( pause ) bye , my friend . Seth hang up the phone , light up a cigarette with he Zippo lighter and exit frame . after Seth exit , leave the frame empty , a subtitle appear : EL paso 5 mile from the mexican border CUT t0 : int . seth and richard's motel room - night Richard lie on the bed by himself , propped up by pillow , watch tv , take on hit from a water bong in the shape of a wizard . on tv a local newscaster name kelly houge be report a story about the brother . kelly houge ( talk to camera ) this bloody crime spree start just a week ago today . the oldest of the two brother . . . mug shot of seth kelly houge ( V. 0 ) ... Seth gecko be serve time in Rolling 's Kansas State penitentiary for he part in the 1988 Scott City bank robbery in which two law enforcement officer lose they life . back to kelly mug shot of kelly houge have serve eight year of he twenty - two year sentence , Seth gecko be bring to wichita Municipal court house for he first parole hearing . it be while at the court house that this man ... richard gecko kelly houge ( V. 0 . ) . he young brother Richard gecko , a know armed robber and sex offender , pull off a dare daylight escape ... back to kelly kelly houge ... result in the death of four wichita law enforcement officer , and this woman ... photo of woman smiling kelly houge ( V. 0 . ) ... heide Vogel , sixth grade teacher who be run over by the geckos during a high speed pursuit through downtown wichita . map of america a red line travel from wichita to Oklahoma . kelly houge ( V. 0 . ) from there the brother travel from Kansas through Oklahoma . . . the red line enter Texas and the camera move into Texas . kelly houge ( V. 0 . ) ... into the great state of Texas , and then finally ... we zoom in on a red-circled abilene . kelly houge ( V. 0 . ) ... into abilene . we hear gunfire and scream . CUT t0 : ext . the criminal court build - day Kelly houge walk down the courthouse step of the criminal court building of abilene . she talk to the camera . cop , lawyer and citizen bustle in the background . kelly houge the list of the dead climb up three more notches since we last telecast . CUT t0 : photo : officer sherman goodell in full police uniform . kelly houge ( V. 0 . ) Officer sherman goodell , who be in intensive care follow the gun battle outside of the Valley Federal bank building ... CUT t0 : ext . courthouse - day Kelly houge stand on the court house step talk into the camera . kelly houge ... die about forty - five minute ago at hopkins General hospital . and about six hour ago , during a daylight liquor store robbery in Big Springs , the gecko Brothers kill another Texas Ranger ... CUT t0 : photo : earl mcgraw in uniform . kelly houge ( V. 0 . ) ... Earl mcgraw ... CUT t0 : photo : pete in a Hawaiian shirt hold up a big fish . kelly houge ( V. 0 . ) ... and liquor store clerk Pet bottom . CUT t0 : video footage : of benny 's World of liquor burn down . kelly houge ( V. 0 . ) then they proceed to burn the store down to the ground . CUT t0 : video graphic : picture of the gecko Brothers with a tally underneath : the gecko brother wichita jail break valley federal bank robbery big spring convenience store robbery death toll 13 TEXAS rangers - police officer - civilian 4 7 2 kelly houge that change the death toll to fifteen . ( it change under '' death tol1 '' ) five Texas ranger ... ( it change ) eight police officer ( it change ) Three civilian . ( it change ) CUT t0 : back to kelly kelly houge and one hostage ... CUT t0 : photo : gloria hill kelly houge ( V. 0 . ) . bank teller and mother of four , gloria Hill . kelly to camera kelly houge head the case to bring this fugitive to justice be FBI agent stanley chase . we talk with agent chase earlier this afternoon . CUT t0 : video interview Kelly houge interview stanley chase of the FBI . stanley chase for the time be we be very confident we will apprehend the fugitive in the next forty - eight hour . the Bureau , local law enforcement and the Texas ranger have all join force in form a dragnet to snare Seth and Richard gecko . kelly houge agent chase , do it appear that they be head for Mexico . stanley chase yes , it do , Kelly . we have already alert the mexican authority . they intend to cooperate every way possible in bring this fugitive to justice . kelly houge be you optimistic about the safety of the hostage they take in abilene , gloria Hill ? stanley chase we’ have receive no news one way or the other . we can only hope for the best . kelly houge what about the report from a eyewitness at the liquor store who say one of the brother be shot ? stanley chase this can not be confirm at this time , t0 : but we do believe it to be true . we have reason to believe it be the youngest brother Richard , and he be shot in the vicinity of he neck and shoulder by the store 's clerk . kelly houge be it safe to assume that because the death count involved and the loss of life of law enforcement officer , that the Bureau , the ranger and the police force be take this manhunt personal ly ? stanley chase I would say that 's a very safe assumption . CUT richard smile . richard ( newscaster 's voice ) be it safe to assume since the law enforcement authority in the great state of Texas be homosexual of a sick and deviate nature , that they will be too busy fuck each other up the ass to actually catch the gecko Brothers ? ( in a FBI voice ) I would say that 's a very safe assumption . he change a channel on the television . we see a casper the friendly ghost cartoon on the screen . casper would you play with I ? a big burly cop turn around . cop sure , little boy ... a ghost !!! the cop head for the hill . casper cry . Seth enter the room carry a six pack of beer and two take - out bag of Big kahuna burger . richard shit , I start to get worried . where the fuck ya be ? seth sight seein 's . richard what would ya see ? seth cop . richard didya look at the border ? Seth dump the burger on the bed . both man pop open beer and Richard go to town on a hamburger . Seth flip off the tv seth yeah , I see the border . through binocular from on top of a high building . that 's about as close as | risk get . what 's the tv say ? richard they 's be go to apprehend we in forty - eight hour . Seth sit down and take a hit off he beer . seth ( to himself ) I gotta figure a way to get across that goddamn border . long we fuck around El paso we life be not worth a shit . richard look , fuck the border . let 's just dig in and wait for thing to cool down . seth richie , it 's gonna get a lot fuckin 's worse before it get any fuckin 's better . we show we ass in Texas . we kill Texas fuckin’ ranger . they ain 's t gonna stop lookin’ till they find we , and when they find we , they 's be gonna kill we . texans take it very personal when ya kill they law enforcement officer . the El paso police have already start a motel and hotel search for we . richard how do you know ? seth I hear it on the radio . we gotta get we ass into Mexico tonight . carlos be gonna meet we tomorrow morning at a rendezvous on the other side , then carlos and he boy will escort we to El Ray and — - Seth stop talk and look around . seth where 's 's the woman ? richard what ? Seth 's out of he chair . seth what would ya mean , what ? the fuckin 's woman , the hostage . where the fuck be she , Richard !? richard she 's in the other room . seth what the fuck be she doin’ there ?! he go to the door of the adjoin room . richard Seth , before you open the door , let I explain what happen . Seth stop and look at he brother . he know what he mean . he can not say anything , only point at he young sibling . then he burst open the door . the dead , naked body of gloria Hill lie on the bed . it 's obvious Richard rape she and kill she . Seth cover he eye with he hand . he slowly enter the room with the dead body . seth ( to himself ) oh , Richard , what 's wrong with you ? Richard rise from the bed . richard now , Seth , before you flip out , let I just explain what happen . Seth slowly turn to he brother , then walk toward he . Richard back up . seth yeah , explain it to I . I need a explanation . what 's the matter with you ? richard ( low and calm ) there 's nothing wrong with I , brother . that woman try to escape and I do what I have to do . seth no. ( pause ) that woman would not of say shit if she have a mouthful . richard wrong , wrong , wrong , wrong , wrong , wrong , wrong ! once you leave , she become a whole different person seth ( slowly approach ) be it I ? be it my fault ? richard it 's not you fault , it 's she fault ! Seth grab Richard and throws he in the corner of the room , hold tightly to he wrist . seth be this my fault ? do you think this be what I be ? richard what ? seth this be not I ! I be a professiona fuck thief . I steal money . you try to stop I , god help you . but I do not kill people I do not have to , and I do not rape woman . what you doin 's be not how it 's do . do you understand ? richard Seth , if you be I —- seth just say yes ! nothing else , just say yes . richard yes . seth yes , Seth , I understand . richard yes , Seth , I understand . Seth hug he little brother . tight . seth ( whisper in richie 's ear ) we get into Mexico , it 's gonna be sweet Rosemary , hundred - proof |iquor , and rice and bean . none of this shit 's gonna matter . int . motor home - night Scott and kate be in the front seat of they park motor home . the motor home 's park in front of the Dew Drop Inn 's front office . we see Jacob inside get a room from the old-timer . kate I can not believe he 's stop here . this place look totally cruddy . Jacob walk out of the office . kate yell from the motor home . kate dad , why be we stop here ? he open the meter home door and climb in . jacob there 's nothing wrong with this place . kate it 's a flop house . jacob it 's not a flop house . it 's basic and simple . that do not make it a flop house . kate if it do not have a pool , we be look for a new place . start the huge car and slowly maneuver it through the courtyard . jacob it have a bed . that 's all I care about . kate other place have bed , they also have cable tv , a gym , room service ... ext . courtyard - night Seth walk out of room # 9 with a beer in he hand . he 's think about how he 's go to get over the border tonight . lose in think , he step out in the path of the fuller 's motor home . Jacob slam on the brake . Seth jump back , startle . both kate and Scott be tossed out of they seat onto the floor . thud ... thud ... kate owww , my head . Jacob ( piss ) honk he horn at Seth and yell out the window . jacob watch where you 's be go ! through windshield Seth just stand right in they way without move , gaze up at the giant motor home . jacob behind the wheel kate and Scott join he up front look at this weirdo . scott what 's this guy 's problem ? jacob I have no idea . Seth continue stand in they way , make no attempt to move . not threaten , just look at they . honk ! jacob anytime , man . the horn snap Seth back to this world . a smile break out on the escape fugitive 's face and he politely step to one side to let they pass . pass they do ! kate creepy guy . seth the sword of damocle be lift from above Seth 's head . he 's just solve a problem that a mere thirty second ago seem unsolvable . he know exactly how he 's go to cross the border . whistle a happy tune , he turn and walk back into room # 9 . int . fuller 's motel room - night the fuller be in room # 12 . it 's identical to the one that the gecko boy be in , except that the painting above the bed be different . Jacob have fall asleep in he clothes on the bed . Scott sit in a chair , headphone on , play a unplugge electric guitar . kate be nowhere in sight . knock ... knock ... knock ... on the door . Scott do not hear shit but he music . Jacob stir a bit , but do not wake up . pound ... pound ... pound ... on the door . Jacob spring up . he look over at Scott , who , lose in guitar heaven , be oblivious of the knocker , then to the door . jacob ( yell ing ) what ? from the other side of the door come a friendly voice . voice ( 0.s. ) I be you neighbor in room 9 , I hate to disturb you , but I would like to ask a favor . Jacob swing he foot to the floor , stand up and walk to the door . as he pass Scott , he say , in he direction — jacob I hope none of this be disturbing you . Scott can not hear he , but when he see he dad look at he , he smile . Jacob open the door and see ... . Richard gecko stand in the doorway , look like the nicest guy in the entire world . richard hi there , I be from room 9 , my name be Don cornelius . no , not the Don cornelius from soul train . I and my lady friend need some ice and we do not seem to have a ice bucket . could we possibly borrow yours ? i’ Il bring it right back . jacob ( still partially asleep ) sure . we follow Jacob as he turn to the dresser to get the motel ice bucket . he grab it , turn back to the door , take a couple of step towards it , then stop : in he track . he see Richard and Seth both inside the room with the door close , both with .45 's in they hand , both aim at he . jacob what be this ? Seth slug Jacob in the mouth , knocking he to the ground . seth it 's call a punch . Scott suddenly become aware of what 's go on around he and instinctively stand . Richard shove he .45 in Scott 's mouth . richard sit down . Scott lower himself back down onto he seat . richard good boy . Jacob lift he head off the floor and wipe blood away from he lip . he look at he opponent who stand over he . seth ( to Jacob ) what 's you name ? jacob Jacob . seth okay , Jacob , get up and sit you ass down on the bed . make a wrong move and i’ will shoot you in the face . Jacob rise and sit on the edge of the bed . seth ( to Richard ) okay , move the jap over there . keeping the gun in Scott 's mouth , Richard make Scott rise ... richard upsy daisy . ... guide he over to the bed by he father . Richard remove the gun from Scott 's mouth and stand next to he brother , look down at they two hostage . seth ( to he hostage ) what 's the story with you two ? you a couple of fag ? jacob he 's my son . seth how do that happen ? you do not look japanese . jacob neither do he . he look vietnamese . seth oh , well , excuse I all to hell . jacob what 's this about , money ? seth it 's about money , all right , but not yours . you see , I and my brother here be in a little hot water and we need you assistance . the door to room # 12 open and a drip wet , bikini clad kate walk in . the brother spin they gun in she direction . kate , startle , scream . Jacob and Scott get on they foot and move forward . Seth spin back towards the two man , gun ready to spit . seth ( to Scott and Jacob ) stop ! Jacob and Scott freeze . Richard move like quicksilver , shutting the door and positioning himself behind the terrify kate . kate what 's go on ? richard we 's be have a wet bikini contest , and you just win . jacob ( to kate ) it 's okay , honey . everything 's go to be all right . seth just listen to daddy , sugar , and do not do nothin’ stupid . ( he turn to Jacob and Scott , who be still stand ) you two , Simon say sit the fuck down ! they slowly sit . Richard can not take he eye off the drip wet kate . both Jacob and Seth see this and neither man like it . both for they own reason . seth ( to Jacob ) where be the key to the motor home ? jacob on the dresser . seth richie , take the key . start that big bastard up , and drive it up front . Richard do not move from he position behind kate . kate feel he eye on she . she slowly turn and look at he . he look in she face . close - up kate she smile at he . kate richie , will you do I a favor and eat my pussy ? close -up richard richard sure . seth ( 0.s . ) Richard ! Richard 's 's eye go to Seth . everybody be where they be . kate never turn around . seth not when you get around to it , now . without say a word , he take the key and leave the room . seth ( point at kate ) you , gidget , go in the bathroom and put on some clothes . she grab some clothes from the floor and move towards the bathroom . Seth grab she wrist . seth you get three minute . one second longer , I shoot you father in the face . do you understand what I just say ? kate yes . seth do you believe I ? kate yes . seth you damn well better . go. she go into the bathroom . jacob look , if you want the motor home , just take it and get out . Seth grab a chair and slide it up to he two male hostage . seth sorry , pop , it be not gonna be that easy . we hear the motor home '' honk '' twice outside . seth get ready to move out , we be all go on a little ride . Jacob shake he head '' no . '' jacob not a chance . seth come again ? jacob if you 's be take people , take I . but my kid aren 's t go anywhere with you . seth sorry , I need everybody . jacob my child be not go with you , and that 's that . seth ( angry ) that 's not fuckin’ that ... ( hold up he gun ) this be fuckin’ this . ( he calm down and look at Scott ) go sit over there . Scott get up and walk to the other side of the room , leave the two man alone . Seth speak in a quiet , conversational tone . seth I be not get time to fuck around with you , so I will make this simple . take you kid and get in the car , or I will execute all three of you right now . ( he cock the gun and put it right in Jacob 's face ) what 's it gonna be , yes or no answer ? Jacob look at he . jacob yes. seth good. ( to Scott ) you old man 's all right , he just save you life . Seth bang on the bathroom door . seth Times up , princess . the bathroom door open . kate stand there , wear a T-shirt , jeans and bare foot . seth okay , rambler , let 's get to rambling . CUT t0 : ext . highway - night the motor home with the powder - keg interior drive through the Lone Star night . int . motor home night Richard 's in the back bed area with a gun train on kate and Scott . the two scared sibling hold hand kate Excuse I . Richard zero in on she . richard what ? kate where be you take we ? richard Mexico kate what 's in Mexico ? richard mexican . he do not smile . in the front part of the motor home , Jacob sit behind the wheel , drive into the night . Seth sit in the passenger seat , go through Jacob 's wallet and talk to he calmly . seth ( read he driver 's license ) Jacob fuller . Jacob , that 's biblical , be not it ? what be I askin’ for , of course it be . ( motion behind he ) what be they name ? jacob Scott and kate . Seth repeat the name as he thumb through the wal let . seth Scott and kate ... kate and Scott ... Scott fuller ... kate fuller ... Seth come to a snapshot of Jacob and he wife . seth who 's this ? jacob my wife . seth where be the little lady ? jacob in heaven . seth she 's dead ? jacob yes , she be . seth how would she die ? jacob Auto wreck . seth come on , gimme some more detail . how would it happen ? some fuckin’ drunk kill she ? jacob no . it be a rainy night , the brake on the car be not great . she have to stop suddenly . she sly on the road , she crash , she die . seth die instantly ? jacob not quite . she be trap in the wreck for about six hour before she pass on . seth whewww ! that act of God really stick it in and break it off , do not they ? jacob yes , they do . Seth look back at the wallet . he see Jacob 's minister 's license . seth be this real ? jacob yes . seth I have see one of this before . a friend of mine have himself declare a minister of he own religion . away to fuck the IRS . be that what you 's be do , or be you the real mccoy ? jacob Real mccoy . seth you be a preacher ? jacob I be a minister . seth be ? as in not anymore ? jacob yes . seth why would ya quit ? jacob I think I have get about as up close and personal with you as I be gonna get . now if you need I like I think you need I , you be not gonna kill I " cause I will not answer you stupid , pry question . so , with all due respect , mind you own business . seth I seem to have touch a nerve . do not be so sensitive , pop , let 's keep this friendly . but you 's be right , enough with the get to know you shit . now , there 's two way we can play this hand . one way be I and you go round a 's round all fuckin’ night . the other way , be we reach some sort of a understanding . now , if we go down that first path at the end of the day , I 's 11 win . but we go down the second , we 's || both win . now , I do not give a rat 's ass about you or you fuckin’ family . y'all can live forever or die this second and | do not care which . the only thing I do care about be I that son-of - a-bitch in the back , and we money . and right now I need to get that three thing into Mexico . now , stop I if I be wrong , but I take it you do not give a shit about see I and my brother receive justice , or the bank get its money back . right now all you care about be the safety of you daughter , you son and possibly yourself . be I correct ? jacob yes . seth I think so . you help we get across the border without incident , stay with we the rest of the night without try anything funny , and in the morning we 's l| let you and you family go . that way everybody get what they want . you and you kid get out of this alive and we get into Mexico . everybody 's 's happy . jacob how do I know you 's || keep you word ? seth Jesus Christ , pop , do not start with this shit . jacob you want I to sit here and be passive . the only way be passive in this situation make sense be if | believe you 's will let we go . I be not there yet . you have to convince I you 's be tell the truth . seth look , dickhead , the only thing you need to be convinced about be that you 's be stick in a situation with a coupla real mean motor scooter . I don 's t wanna hafta worry about you all fuckin’ night . and I do not think you wanna be worry about my brother 's 's intention toward you daughter all night . you notice the way he look at she , do not ya ? jacob yes . seth do not like it , do ya ? jacob no , I do not . seth do not think so . so , as I be say , I be willing to make a deal . you behave , get we into Mexico , and do not try to escape . i’ 1 ! keep my brother off you daughter and let you all loose in the morning . jacob you will not let he touch she ? seth I can handle richie , do not worry . the two man look at each other for some measure of trust . Seth stick out he hand . seth I give you my word . Seth can not help but think about the last time he give he word . seth ( hand stick out ) my word , my law . better you not take it , and that 's just where we be , then take it and not mean it . Jacob take he hand , but look right into Seth . jacob if he touch she , I 'l ! kill he . 1 do not give a fuck how many gun you have , nothing will stop I from kill he seth Fair enough . you break you word , i’ 11 kill all of you . ( call to the back kate , honey ! kate yeah . seth you must have a bible in here , do not cha ? kate yeah , we get a bible . seth get it and bring it up here , will ya , please ? kate go into a drawer , pull out a bible and bring it up front . seth hold it right there , sweetie pie . ( to Jacob ) put you hand on it . Jacob do . seth swear to God , on the Bible , you win 's t try to escape and you 's !| get we across the border . jacob I swear to God I will not try to escape and I will do my best to get you into Mexico . seth you best better get it do , pop . Seth place he hand on the Bible . seth I swear to God i’ ii let you loose in the morning . and you daughter will be safe . and I also swear if you do anything to fuck I up , i’ Il slit all you throat . time CUT to : int . motor home - night Richard 's in the back with kate and Scott . Richard , expressionless , look at kate 's bare foot . slow zoom kate 's S bare feet ex close - up kate 's toe . they wiggle . his eye go to she hand . slow zoom kate 's S hand ex close - up kate 's S finger his eye go to she neck . slow zoom nape of kate 's S neck ex close - up kate 's adam' apple . she swal low . his eye move up . side profile of kate , slow zoom to kate lip back to Richard richard do ya mean what you say back there ? kate turn to he kate what ? richard in the room . be you serious , or be you just foolin’ around ? I be just bring it up , 's cause if you really want I to do that for you , I will . kate do what ? richard ( in a whisper ) what you say to I in the room . kate ( whisper back ) what do I say ? richard ( whisper ) you ask I if I would -- seth ( 0.s. ) Richard ! richard ( to Seth ) what ? Seth and Jacob . seth I tell you to watch that kid , I do not say talk to ’em . you guy be not get nothin’ to say to one another . so cut the chatter . Richard turn to kate . richard ( quiet ) we 's Il talk later . kate still have not a clue what he mean . CUT t0 : ext . the mexican border - night automobile be line up , wait one by one to go into Mexico . cop car with they red and blue light flash be all over the place . border patrol man and Police be stop all car . pull up to the end of the line be the fuller 's mobile home . int . mobile home - night Jacob at the wheel , Seth in the passenger seat . Seth jump up and go into action . seth okay everybody , it 's show time . richie , take kate in the bathroom . Richard grab the terrify kate and drag she in the bathroom , seth Scott , you come up front with you daddy . Scott do . Seth , keep low , get behind Jacob . jacob I be tell you , do not hurt she . seth as long as you 's be cool , she will ! be cool . what 's be ya gonna say ? jacob I do not have the slight idea . seth well , you just keep thinkin’ of that gun next to kate 's temple . Seth disappear into the bathroom with kate and Richard , close the door behind he . Father and son be alone for the first time since this whole thing begin . scott what be you gonna do ? jacob I be gonna try and get we across the border . scott no , dad , you gotta tell ’em that they 's be back there . Jacob be surprised to hear Scott say this . int . bathroom - mobile home - night the bathroom , which consist of a shower , a toilet and a small sink , be a tight fit with three people in it . Richard have he back against the wall , with he arm around kate , hold she in front of he . one hand be over she mouth , the other hold a .45 against she head . kate 's eye be wide with fear . Seth stand , .45 in hand , ready to fire if the wrong person should open the door . everybody talk low and quiet . richard this be not gonna work . seth shut up . it 's gonna work just fine , richard I just want to go on record as say this be a bad idea . seth duly note . now , shut up . everyone 's quiet for a second , till ! Richard break it . richard ( to himself ) they 's be gonna search the van . seth ( offhand ) as long as you do not act like a fuckin 's nut , we 's will be just fine . richard what do that mean ? seth ( distract ) what ? Richard let kate go , she quickly move to the side . richard you just call I a fuckin’ nut . seth no , I do not . richard yes , you do . you say as long as I do not act like a fuckin’ nut , imply that I have be act like a fuckin 's nut . seth take a pill , kid . I just mean stay cool . richard you mean that , but you mean the other , too . kate can not believe what she 's watch . neither can Seth . seth ( serious as a heart attack ) this be not the time , Richard . richard ( he voice rise ) fuck that spic pig ! you call I a fuckin 's nut , and where I come from , that stop the train on its track . seth ( real quiet and violent ) keep you voice down . richard ( quiet back ) or what ? back to jacob and scott jacob have you forget about you sister ? scott they 's be gonna kill we . they get we across the border , they 's be gonna take we out in the desert and shoot we . jacob if they get over the border , they 's be gonna let we go . scott dad , I watch that reality show . they never let anybody go . any cop will tell you , in a situation like this , you get a chance , you go for it . this be we chance . jacob what about kate ? scott they 's be gonna kill she anyway . at least now with all this cop we 's have get a fight chance . jacob Son , I have this situation under control . I know exactly what I be do . you 's be go to have to trust I on this . scott if trust you mean trust that fuckin 's killer , I can not do that . if you do not tell the cop , I will . Jacob grab Scott by the front of he shirt , and yank he to he . jacob now , you listen to I . you be not gonna do a goddamn fuck thing , you hear I ! nobody care what you think , I be run this show , I make the decision . scott he 's run the show . jacob I be run the show . I make the play , and you back the play I make . stop think with you fuck ball . kate in a room with a couple of desperate man with nothing to fuck lose be not the time to '' go for it . '' I need you cover . cover my ass . there 's 's a honk behind they . they both look out the window . it 's they turn with the border patrol guard . jacob take the wheel and drive up . a stern border guard approach jacob 's S window . border guard how many with you ? jacob just my son and I . border guard what be you purpose in Mexico ? jacob vacation . I be take he to see he first bullfight . back to bathroom richard I be curious . what be the nuttiest thing I do ? seth this be not the time . richard oh , I know , be it possibly when you ass be rotting in jail and I break it out ? yeah , you be right , that be pretty fuckin’ nutty . not to mention stupid . but you know what ? I can fix that right now . seth haul off and punch Richard smack in the head . Richard hit the floor , Guard , Jacob , and Scott hear Richard fall in the bathroom . border guard what be that ? jacob oh , that 's just my daughter in the bathroom . border guard you say it be just you and you son . jacob I mean I , my son and my daughter . close - up border guard border guard open the door . I be come aboard . back to bathroom close -up kate we can only see kate 's face . it 's scared . we hear rustling around the bathroom , but we do not know what it be . then it 's quiet . then we hear talk outside the door , but we can not make it out . then we hear a knock . kate I be in the bathroom . border guard ( 0 . S. ) it 's the border patrol . open up . kate it 's open . we hear the door open and see the light change on kate 's face . she 's look up . border guard in the doorway look in . he sees : kate by herself , pants around she ankle , sit on the toilet . kate do you mind ? shut the fuck door . border guard Excuse I . he close the door . kate let out a breath . we wait a beat , Seth pull back the curtain in the shower , we see richie on the floor of the shower knock out . Seth and kate meet eye . he give she the 0.k. signal . CUT t0 : back window motor home we see through the back window of the motor home , the border get smaller as we drive away from it . Scott knock on the bathroom door . scott it 's clear . Seth burst out of the bathroom . seth goddamn , that be . intense ! Seth go to the back window . he see the border get farther and farther away . no car follow . seth ( to himself ) we do it . ( pause ) we 's be in Mexico . Seth throw he head back and scream for joy . kate , emerge from the bathroom , react to Seth 's scream , along with Scott . Seth be so happy that he do a little jig in the back of the van . everybody else be still tense as shit . but Seth let go of all he tension , and become a new man before we eye . he turn to kate . seth ( loud and happy ) come here , kate ! kate , nervous , take a step back . he charge for she . grab she , hug she around she waist , and spin she around . when he let she go , she stumble dizzily onto the bed . seth ( to kate ) you be magnificent ! you tell he to shut the fuck door . I be hide in the shower , and I be think to myself , '' do I just fuckin’ hear what I just fuckin’ hear ? and what do he do -- he shut the fuck door ! kate kind of half smile . seth if I be a bit young , baby , I would fuckin 's marry you ! Seth go up front and slap Jacob on the back . seth I gotta hand it to ya , pop , you raise a fuckin’ woman . Jacob do not share Seth 's enthusiasm , but he be relieved . jacob we do we part , we gotcha in Mexico . now it 's time for you part , let we go . seth pop , when you be right , you 's be right , and you be right . kate ( suddenly brighten ) you be gonna let we go ? seth in the morning , darlin’ , in the morning , we be g-o-n-e and you be f-r-e-e . now , I know I put you guy through hel| , and I know i’ have be one rough pecker , but from here on end you guy be in my cool book . scotty , help I pick richie up , and lay he down Jacob , keep go on this road till ] you get to a sign that say , '' digayo . '' when you get to digayo , turn this big bastard leave , go on down for a few mile , then you see a bar call '' the titty twister . '' from what I hear , you can not miss it jacob then ? seth then stop , ' cause that 's where we’ be go . he slap he once again on the back , and leave to attend to Richard CUT close - up richard without glass . unconscious , Seth slap he face . seth ( 0.s. ) c'mon , kid , wake up . do not make a career out of it . Richard start come to and open he eye . Seth sit at the foot of the bed . seth you okay ? richard ( disor ient ) yeah , I think so . what happen ? seth I do not know , you just pass out . richard I do ? seth yeah , we be just stand there . you say something about you shoulder hurt , then you just hit the ground like a sack of potato . richard Real ly ? seth yeah , when you fall you head smack the toilet hard . it scared the shit outta I . sure you 's be okay ? richard yeah , I guess . I be just a little fuck up . seth well , let I tell ya something , gonna clear you head right up . we be officially mexican . richard what ? seth we be ... ( sing ) '' South of the border down Mexico way . '' richard we be ? seth yep . we be head for the rendezvous right now . we get there , we pound booze till carlos show up , he escort we to El Ray . and then I and you , brother , kick fuckin’ back . how ya like they apple ? slowly shaking the cobweb out of he head . richard Far out . ( pause ) where be my glass ? seth they break when you feel . richard oh , fuck , Seth , that 's my only pair ! seth do not worry about it , we will get you some glass . richard what dya mean , do not worry about it . of course I be gonna worry about it , I can not fuckin’ see . seth when we get to El Ray , i’ ii take care of it . richard yeah , like a mexican hole -in-the-wall 's gonna have my fuckin’ prescription . seth it 's not a big deal , unless you make it a big deal . now , I be real happy , richie , stop bring I down with bullshit . Jacob call to the back . jacob guy ! we 's be here . CUT t0 : a neon sign that flash : the titty twister hiker / trucker bar , dusk till ! Dawn underneath the joint 's proud name on the sign , and on top of '' biker / trucker bar , dusk till Dawn '' be a well l-endow woman , whose breast be be twisted by a neon hand . ext . the titty twister night the neon sign sit on top of the rudest , sleaziest , most crab-infested , strip joint , honky - tonk whorehouse in all of Mexico . the titty twister be locate out in the middle of nowhere ville . it sit by itself with nothing around it for mile . a plethora of chopper and eighteen wheeler be park out in front . the wall almost pulsate from the loud , raunchy music within the structure . Signs cover the wall outside read thing like : '' nude dancing '' , '' whore '' , '' Beer '' , '' authentic mexican food '' , '' biker and trucker only '' , '' OPEN dusk till dawn '' , '' thursday cockfight night '' , '' wednesday dogfight night '' , '' donkey show monday '' , '' every friday bare knuckle fight to the death , featuring the lovely santanico pandemonium '' , '' athena and danny the wonder pony '' , and '' the sleazy titty twister dancers . '' in the parking lot , a biker and a truck driver beat the shit out of each other , one with a pipe , the other with a hammer . a second biker fuck a titty twister whore against the wall . a greasy man , know as chet pussy , stand in the parking lot , solicit customer through a Mr. microphone . chet pussy , pussy , pussy ! all pussy must go . at the titty twister we’ be slashing pussy in half ! this be a pussy blow out ! make we a offer on we vast selection of pussy ! we get white pussy , black pussy , Spanish pussy , yellow pussy , hot pussy , cold pussy , wet pussy , tight pussy , big pussy , bloody pussy , fat pussy , hairy pussy , smelly pussy , velvet pussy , silk pussy , naugahyde pussy , snappin 's pussy , horse pussy , dog pussy , mule pussy , fake pussy ! if we do not have it , you do not want it ! the fuller 's recreational vehicle pull into the parking lot and stop . int . motor home - night what 's leave of the fuller family and the gecko family look out the windshield onto the sight that be the titty twister . seth ( to the group ) okay , troops , this be the homestretch . here 's the deal : this place close at dawn . carlos be gonna meet we here sometime before dawn . which by my guesstimate be somewhere between three or four hour from now . so we be gonna go in there , take a seat , have a drink —- have a bunch of drink , and wait for carlos . that could be a hour , that could be three hour , I do not know which . but when he get here , I and richie be go to leave with he . after we split , you guy be officially out of this stewpot . let I just say I be real happy about where we be at . we get a real nice , '' I don 's t fuck with you —- you do not fuck with I '' attitude go on . now , if everybody just keep playin’ it cool — and I be talk to you , too , richie — everybody 's gonna get what they want . comprende , amigo ? everybody nod and mutter in agreement . seth okay hard drinker , let 's drink hard . I be buyin’ . ext . parking lot - night the camper door fly OPEN and the two brother and the fuller family step out into the night . they look across the parking lot at the titty twister . it literally look in some way like the entrance to hell . jacob qut of the stew pot and into the fire . seth shit , I be to bar make this place look like a fuckin 's 4 - h club . richard I gotta say I be with Jacob on this . I be to some fuck up place in my time , but that place be fuck up . Seth can not believe it . seth ( in a baby talk voice ) aww -w , whatsa matter , be the little baby too afraid to go into the big scary bar ? the two brother square off , not like stranger fight , but like brother fight . they talk real quiet , but real personal . richard that 's what you think ? seth that 's how you 's be lookin’ , richie . richard I be lookin’ scared ? seth that 's what you look like . richard you know what you look like ? seth no , richie , what do I look like ? richard you be lookin’ green that 's 's not what Seth expect to hear seth how ? richard where be you right now ? seth what do you mean ? richard where be you ? seth I be here with you . richard no , you be not . you 's be sippin 's margaritas in El Ray . but we 's be not in El Ray . we 's be here — get ready to go in there . you 's be so pleased with yourself about get into Mexico , you think the job 's down . it be not . get back on the clock . that 's a fuck -with -you-bar . we hang around there for a coupla hour , in all likelihood , we’ will get fuck with . so get you shit together , brother . seth my shit be together . richard it do not look together . seth well , it be . just because I be happy do not mean I be on vacation . you be just not use to seein 's I happy , '' cause it 's be about fifteen fuckin’ year since I be happy . but my shit be forever together . Richard believe Seth 's response . richard okay , just checkin’ . they walk toward the bar 's entrance . Chet pussy talk into the microphone . chet ( yell into the microphone ) take advantage of we penny pussy sale . buy any piece of pussy a tour regular price , you get another piece of pussy , of equal or lesser value , for a penny . now try and beat pussy for a penny ! if you can find cheaper pussy anywhere , fuck it ! Chet notice we heroes , especially young kate . chet ( in microphone , towards kate ) what 's this ? a new flavor approach . Apple pie pussy . seth step aside , asshole . Chet poke he finger in Seth 's 's chest . chet not so fast , slick . Seth grab hold of Chet 's finger , bend it backward till ! the bone snap in two . Chet let out a scream . Seth violently bring he head forward pulverize Chet 's 's nose . Chet fall to he knee in front of Seth . Seth hook he with a powerful fist under he chin that snap Chet 's head back , and throws he on he back . after hitting the ground , Seth send a savage kick straight to Chet 's face , rolling he over . Chet be out . the whole altercation take two second . everyone 's in shock and look at Seth . Seth look back at everyone . seth now , be my shit together , or be my shit together ? Richard and Seth laugh with each other . richard ( slappin 's Seth five ) you shit be forever together ! they head for the door . Richard stay behind for a second , and give the fall Chet a few , swift kick , int . the titty twister night if the titty twister look like the asshole of the world from the outside , in the immortal word of Al jolson , '' you be not see nothin’ yet . '' this be the kind of place where they sweep up the tooth and hose down the cum , the blood and the beer at close . in the back , topless dancers do lap dance with customer , while a sleazy sexy stripper strip to raunchy music , play at ear drum-burst level . two men be in a savage bareknuckle fight , surround by scream customer of biker and trucker . one of the dancer be a man with a saddle on he back , he name be danny the wonder pony . the woman on he back , in the saddle , foot in the stirrup , hand on the rein , be athena , he rider . they dance around to the cheer of the crowd . biker and trucker play pool in the back . fights break out here about one every ten minute . the customer may start 's they , but the bouncer , big emilio , end ' they . Seth , Richard , Jacob , Scott and kate walk through the door . they each individually take in the sight and the smell . Seth be the first to say something . seth now this be my kinda place ! I could become a regular . the man behind the bar be razor charlie . he eye the group as they approach . they difference from the usual road waif nomad who populate the twister disturb he . he exchange a know look across the room with Big emilio , as the group belly up to the bar . seth whiskey ! razor charlie ( in English ) you can not come in here . seth what dya mean ? razor charlie this be a private club . you 's be not welcome . seth be you tellin’ I I be not good enough to drink here ? razor charlie this bar be for biker and trucker only . ( point he finger to Seth ) you , get out ! Big emilio almost magically appear behind Seth and place he big beefy sausage - fingered hand hard on Seth 's shoulder . big emilio ( to Seth in Spanish ) walk , pendaho . Seth slowly turn he eye to the big hand on he shoulder . seth ( low ) take you hand off I . big emilio ( Spanish ) I be go to count to three . seth no , I be go to count to three . big emilio Uno ... seth two . . Jacob jump in the middle . jacob now wait a minute , there 's no reason to get ugly . there 's just a misunderstanding go on here . you say this bar be for trucker and biker , well , I be a truck driver . everybody look at Jacob . as Jacob talk he take out he wal let . jacob if you look outside you door , park in you parking lot , you will see a big ass recreational vehicle . that 's mine . in order to drive that legally , you need a class two driver 's license . that be the same license that the dmv require truck driver to carry in order to drive a truck . ( he take the license out of he wallet and lay it on the bar ) that be I , and this be my class two license . this be a truck driver 's bar , I be a truck driver , and this be my friend . everybody 's a little stunne after Jacob 's speech . razor Charlie pick up the license , look at Jacob , look at everyone in the party and smile . razor charlie ( to Jacob ) welcome to the titty twister . what can I get you ? Seth brush off Big emilio 's paw . seth bottle of whiskey and five glass . razor Charlie 's eye go to Seth . even though he have a big smile on he face , he look like he 's go to kill Seth . but instead he just say , razor charlie come right up . razor Charlie go for the bottle . Big emilio give the party one last look and walk away . Richard give Jacob a buddy punch on the shoulder . richard good job , pop . Seth 's still fry a egg on he head . seth that 's just fuckin’ typical . biggest number one problem with Mexico , it 's not service orient . I be feelin’ so good , and that fuckin’ spy bring I down . Richard put he arm around Seth . richard fuck ‘em , shake it off . razor Charlie bring the bottle and the glass . Seth look at the guy , still piss . seth you serve food , Jose ? razor Charlie know Seth 's taunting he with a racial slur , but he just smile and say , razor charlie best in Mexico . seth I kinda doubt that . we be grabbin 's a table , send over a waitress to take we order . Seth walk away , and the group follow he . we just hang on the evil wheel turn inside of razor Charlie 's head . the five of they move across the floor to a table . as they walk , kate attract stare , wolf whistle and rude comment from some of the patron . Jacob keep near he daughter . the dancer do they sexy routine . a big -chest , wild - haire blonde catch Scott 's eye . she wink at he . Richard lean over and whisper in Scott 's ear . richard anytime you want a lap dance with that broad , say the word . it 's on I , kiddo . he give the boy 's neck a squeeze . Jacob 's eye survey the surroundings . Big emilio and razor Charlie quietly exchange word about the party in Spanish . razor charlie ( in Spanish ) they 's be not the normal road trash we normally feed on . but it 's !| be okay . no one know they 's be here . the five of they find a table and sit down . Seth , still in a bad mood , take the cork out of the whiskey bottle and toss it . he pour richie and himself a glass . seth who else ? jacob pass. seth ( pick a fight ) why not , against you religion ? jacob ( win 's t be bait ) no , I do drink , I be just not drink now . seth suit yourself , more for I . ( to Scott ) scotty ? Scott shake he head no . seth ( to kate ) how 's bout you ? ( point at Scott and kate ) be safer in here with we than wander ing around a mexican border town all night long . just do not do nothin 's stupid and we 's will all get along fine . ( to Scott ) scotty , you sure you do not want a drink ? scott okay , I 'l ! have one . jacob no you win 's to Seth pour Scott a shot . seth sorry , pop , but I be drinkin’ and I do not like drinkin’ alone . bottom up , boy . Scott take the drink and he , too , experience a on-drinker 's tremor . Seth turn to kate . seth how about you , cutie pie ? ready for round two ? kate okay . Seth just pass she the bottle . she pour she own shot and knock it back . richard ( to Seth ) hey , Dr. frankenstein , I think you just create a monster . Jacob turn to Seth and ask quietly . jacob why be you so agitate ? seth I be still stewing about that ape lay hand on I . and that fuckin’ bartender stick a weed up my ass , too . jacob he back down . seth he 's smilin’ at we . but behind he smile , he 's sayin 's , '' fuck you Jack . '' I hear that loud and clear . jacob what be you go to do ? seth ( pick up the whiskey bottle ) I be gonna just sit here and drain this bottle . and when I have drunk the last drop , if I still feel then , the way I feel now , I be gonna take this bottle and break it over he melon head . jacob before we step in here , you tell all of we to be cool . that mean you , too . seth ( toss it off ) I never say do what I do , I say do what I say . jacob be you so much a fuck loser , you can not tell when you 's have win ? Richard , kate and Scott both turn to Jacob . nobody can believe what he just say . neither can Seth who calmly lay down he drink glass . seth what do you call I ? jacob nothing . I do not make a statement . I ask a question . would you like I to ask it again ? very well . be you such a loser you can not tell when you 's have win ? ( pause ) the entire state of Texas , along with the FBI , be look for you . do they find you ? no . they couldn 's to they have every entrance to the border cover . there 's no way you could get across . do you ? yes , you do . you 's have win , Seth , enjoy it . Seth look at Jacob , then pick up the bottle . seth Jacob , I want you to have a drink with I . I insist . Jacob slide he empty glass over to Seth . Seth pour booze in Jacob 's glass and he own . both man pick up the glass . seth to you family . jacob to yours . they both knock ’em back and slap the empty glass down . jacob now , be you shit together ? seth forever together . Seth turn to Scott . seth in that camper out there I see a guitar . I take it that 's yours . scott yeah , it 's mine . seth go out and bring it in . I feel a song come on . CUT t0 : Seth sit at the table , play guitar , sing mexican song . some biker , trucker , and whore have gather around they table . everyone 's groovin’ . Seth finish the song . everybody apppaud . razor Charlie behind the bar grab the greasy microphone that he use to announce dancer . razor charlie ( announcer voice in Spanish ) and now for you view pleasure . the mistress of the macabre . the epitome of evil . the most sinister woman to dance on the face of the earth . lowly dog , get on you knee , bow you head and worship at the foot of santanico pandemonium ! the light go down low . a light hit the stage . the open note of the coaster 's '' down in Mexico '' fill the room . the crowd hush up . and on the stage step santanico pandemonium . this mexican goddess be beautiful , but not the beauty that stendhal describe in '' as the promise of happiness , '' but the beauty of the siren who lure man to they doom . she dance to the raunchy music , not like she own the stage , but like she own the world . and if the patron of the titty twister be she world , the world be proud to be she possession . all activity in the bar , save santanico , stop . even the fuller / gecko table fall under she spell . especially Richard , Scott and kate . Seth know this song and accompany from the table with the guitar . when the music build to its explosive section . santanico leap from the stage , landing in the middle of the room . she do a eyes-close voodoo dance in perfect step with the beat . as the music continue to play , a very fuck - up look Chet pussy walk in . he go over to razor Charlie and point at Seth 's table , describe what happen . as the last verse play , santanico , like a snake , come up from the ground , on top of the fuller / gecko table . Richard , kate and Scott be enrapture . santanico scan the table , zeroing in on we boy Richard . she stand over he . while move she body to the music , she lift up the whisky bottle from the table , and pour the whiskey down she leg . she lift up she foot , with the whiskey drip from she toe , and stick it in Richard 's face . santanico ( to Richard in Spanish ) drink up . richie , mesmerize , suck the whiskey off she toe . the crowd goe wild . santanico smile , master of all she survey . Jacob and Scott be embarrassed . kate , oddly enough , be turn on by the control power this woman have over a man she 's deathly fear . Seth laugh out loud a mexican '' yi yi yiii '' laugh , keep the beat with he guitar . across the room , razor Charlie , Chet by he side , motion over Big emilio . he begin explain with point what Seth and company do to Chet . Richard continue to suck she toe . the song end , santanico extract she foot from Richard 's mouth . step off the table . take a drink of whiskey . look down at the seat Richard . she grab the back of he hair , yank he head back . his mouth open because she 's hurt he . she leans she face over he like she 's go to kiss he . then let 's the whiskey from she mouth fall into he . they never touch . the crowd applaud . she let go of Richard 's hair . except for Jacob and Richard , both for they own reason , the table applaud , none louder than Seth . seth bravo ! bravo ! bravo ! now that 's what I call a fuckin’ show ! one of santanico 's flunkies bring the naked woman a robe , which she put on . Richard , still in a daze , look up at he new friend . seth ( snap he finger ) Earth to richie . do not you wanna ask you new friend to join we ? richard yeah . seth well , then ask she , dumb ass . richard ( look up at santanico ) por favor , senorita . would you care to join we ? santanico ( to Richard ) muy bien , gracias . santanico sit down next to richie . Seth pour she a drink . seth richie , you lucky bastard ! ( to santanico ) now , little lady , you could of just as easily do that to I . who a nelly ! you get my dick harder and chinese arithmetic . the table laugh . seth which remind I of a joke . Little Red Riding Hood be walk through the forest and she come across Little bo peep , and Little bo peep say : '' Little Red Riding Hood , be you crazy ? do not you know the Big bad Wolf be walk this wood and if he find you he 's gonna pull down you dress and squeeze you titty ? '' then Little Red Riding Hood hitches up she skirt and tap a .357 Magnum she have holster on she thigh and say : '' no he win 's to '' as Seth tell he joke , Jacob notice razor Charlie , Big emilio and Chet move rapidly towards they table . jacob ( to himself ) oh , shit . ( to Seth ) Seth -- Seth wave he away . seth not now . so finally she come across the Big bad Wolf and the Big bad Wolf 's laugh and say : '' Little Red Riding Hood , you know better than to be walk around this wood alone . you know I be just gonna have to pull down you dress and squeeze you titty . '' then Little Red Riding Hood whip out she .357 , cock it , stick it in the Big bad Wolf 's face and say : '' no you win 's to you be gonna eat I , just like the story say . '' Seth start laugh at he own joke uproariously . Richard , kate , Scott and santanico join in too . before Jacob can say anything -- the titty twister trio stand over the table . razor charlie ( to Chet in Spanish ) which one ? chet ( point at Seth ) this piece of shit break my finger and my nose ... ( point at Richard ) then this fag kick I in the rib while I be down . that 's all Big emilio have to hear . big emilio ( to the gecko Brothers ) up! richard fuck off , ape man ! Big emilio lean in with he beefy hand , grab Richard by the shoulder . Richard let out a howl as blood pour from he wounded shoulder . santanico step back from the table . Seth jump to he foot and fire a round from he .45 into Big emilio , send he bullet - ride body to the floor . razor Charlie whip out a straight version of he name sake and slashes Seth across the face . Seth scream at the top of he lung as he hand go up to he laid open cheek . Richard , who have fall to the ground hold he wound , bring up he .45 and start blasting . razor Charlie take a bullet in the head , chest and belly before he hit the floor . Jacob and he child have hit the floor as well to stay out of gunfire . the biker , trucker , waitress and whore all stop what they be do . the music continue to play , though the dancer stop dance . santanico , who 's close to the two brother , smell something . her nostril flare . Richard move to he brother , who take out a handkerchief and put it to he face . richard how be you ? seth scar for life , that 's how I be ! Seth look up and see Chet still stand there . seth you think it be pretty funny , do not you ? both brother FIRE on Chet . Chet 's blow leave ... right ... leave ... right ... then drop , point they gun towards the crowd . seth everybody be cool , or you 's l! be just as dead as this fuck ! slow motion : blood drip down the side of Seth 's face . slow motion : it splatter to the floor . the camera scan the crowd . the patron be scared , but the waitress , whore and dancer lick they lip . slow motion : blood drip from Richard 's shoulder . it fall to the floor , splattering . we move into santanico 's face . a special aroma fill she nostril . her eye lock on Richard . the look on she face could easily be read as intense sexual desire . close - up kate on floor look up and watch , eye wide with fear , santanico 's transformation . her nose recede into she face like a rodent 's . the white of she eye turn yellow . the fang of a beast protrude from she mouth . kate yell from the floor . kate ( yell ing ) richie , look out ! before richie can turn around . santanico leap across the floor , land on he back and sink she fang into richie 's wounded shoulder . Richard lets loose with a agonizing scream . Seth turn to he brother 's cry . he see santanico pandemonium , like a mongoose attach to a cobra , leg wrap around Richard 's waist , fang bury deep in he shoulder , and Richard scream and slamm about , try to knock she off . Richard scream to Seth : richard shoot she ! shoot she ! get she off ! Seth try to aim he gun , but there 's too much movement . he can not get a clear shot . Jacob and he child can not believe what they 's be see . Richard can not take it anymore , he knee buckle . santanico ride he down to the floor . Seth get a clear shot , he take aim and fire , hit the vamp in the head , blow she off he brother . Richard , who 's on all four , try to stand and get about half way before he stop , say : richard ( with he die breath ) Fucking bitch ! he tumble over , a corpse . seth richie . suddenly , the eye of Big emilio , razor Charlie and Chet pussy pop open . the '' dead '' man sit up with evil grin on they face . the patron scream . a whore lock the front door ( which be a complicated lock with steel rod go into the ground ) , turn toward the bar and yell : whore dinner be serve ! the biker and trucker who have be transfix , watch the impossible , realize that the waitress , naked dancer and whore who they be paw just five minute ago , have turn into yellow - eye , razor - fange , drool - drip vampire . the vamp attack . what follow be a shark feed frenzy . whore , who have be sit on customer 's lap , sink they tooth into unshaven neck . nake stripper and biker wail the shit out of each other . trucker get they head cave in by woman half they size . the patron use what ever they can find to fend off the monster : chair , chair leg , break bottle , switchblade , anything . Jacob , kate and Scott make a dash and dive behind the bar . they hide and watch . Seth stand where he be , limp dick of a .45 in he hand , too freak , scared and stunne to do anything . he stand motionless , watch what he can not believe . behind he , santanico , who lie next to the dead Richard , eye pop OPEN . she rise in she snake / dance way . Seth feel she and spin in she direction , gun raise . santanico let 's see if you taste as good as you brother . she approach Seth , who fire at she . bam ... bam ... bam ... click ... click ... click ... click . she laugh and give she hair a toss back . Seth , move backwards , be terrify . santanico give Seth a swinging round house punch to the jaw , that send he flying over a table , sliding across the floor and into the wall . a bad - ass biker name frost , with a hideous burn on the side of he face , stand on top of a pool table , swinging a pool cue , leave to right , fend off vamp . Big emilio pick up a biker who stab he with a switchblade and throw the poor bastard from one end of the bar to the other . the biker - winner of the bare knuckle fight , sex machine , go head to head with a stripper . the vamp might have superhuman strength , but sex Machine have close to superhuman strength , and he 's match the vamp bitch blow for blow . then he grab she by the waist , lift she up over he head and bring she down hard on a upturn table , impaling she on the wooden leg . frost be still swinging he pool cue , when razor Charlie appear , straight razor in hand . frost jump off the table to meet the challenge . razor Charlie swing at he , frost leap back , swinging he pool cue at he . they do this dance , till frost crack Charlie upside the head with the pool cue , break it in half . Charlie feel the hit . frost plunge the splinter end of the cue in razor Charlie 's heart . Green blood come out of he chest , as Charlie scream the vampire 's death scream . Seth come to and find santanico stand over he . he try to rise , but santanico place she bare foot on he chest , pin he down to the floor . he try to move , but the pressure of she foot be equivalent to a engine block place on he chest . santanico I be not gonna drain you completely . you be gonna turn for I , you will be my slave . you will live for I . you 's || eat bug because I order it . because I do not think you 's be worthy of human blood , you 's |! feed on the blood of stray dog . you will be my foot stool . and at my command , you will ! lick the dog shit from my boot heel . since you 's || be my dog , you new name will be '' Spot '' . welcome to slavery . slow motion : a whiskey bottle fly through the AIR , sailing end over end . close - up santanico look down at Seth , she face contort to feed mode , when the bottle hit she square in the head , shatter . we see that Jacob behind the bar throw it . santanico , bath in whiskey and break glass , be momentarily daze . she look down at Seth . Seth sit up , .45 in hand , and fire . santanico be hit in the chest . the bullet from the gun make the |iquor - soak robe ignite . santanico scream as she goe up in flame . Big emilio see santanico 's fiery death . he let out a cry . big emilio noooooo ! he turn he hateful gaze on the two human . Seth and Jacob see Big emilio zeroing in on they , then they see he move he big frame in they direction . Seth turn to Jacob . seth we may be in trouble . Big emilio walk steadily through the bar like godzilla walk through Tokyo . tipping over table , knock fight vamp and human alike on they ass on he way to stamp out Seth and Jacob . a trucker jump in he path to attack he , with a quick swing of he hand the trucker be brush aside , receive a break neck for the effort . Big emilio never break he stride or take he eye off Seth and Jacob . Seth and Jacob both grab piece of wood , hold it like a weapon , but the wood look puny compare to they opponent . Big emilio stand in front of they . the two man hold they wood tight . fang grow in Big emilio 's mouth that make he look like a huge walk shark . just when Big emilio 's ready to strike , he hear behind he , voice ( 0.s. ) hey , you , monkey man ! Big emilio turn and see sex Machine across the room . sex machine anything you gotta say to they , say to I first . both Seth and Jacob attack Big emilio from behind . he effortlessly knock they away . they both hit the ground . sex Machine gesture with he hand to Big emilio to '' come ahead . '' Big emilio charge towards sex Machine , like a runaway locomotive . sex Machine stand he ground wait for impact . the two huge man collide . what follow be literally a war of the gargantuan . the two mastiff pound each other till one buckle . finally , the one who buckle first be Big emilio , who hit the floor . once on the floor , Seth and Jacob , stand over the huge vamp , beat he with club and pipe , like L.A. 's finest . the vamp can do nothing except squirm on the floor from the savage beat . sex machine that 's 's enough . Jacob and Seth stop . sex Machine hold a pool cue in he hand . he snap off the end tip , make it jag , and like a spear , stick it into big vamp 's fall body . Big emilio , scream , twitches and die . the pool cue stick out straight up from the dead vamp . Chet pussy spy Ms. Apple pie pussy herself , kate . he break into a lecherous grin and lick the blood from around he mouth . kate and Scott be cower behind the bar when Chet appear over the top . they both let out a scream . Scott go to protect he sister and receive a punch in the face for he trouble . Chet dive at kate . chet you know what everybody say about I ? I suck ! Chet go to bite kate , grab at she t-shirt , and see she crucifix . he recoil backwards . Scott grab hold of he head from behind . kate jump up from the floor , rip off she cross and grab Chet by he beatnik beard , open he mouth . she shove the cross inside . Chet 's eye roll up back into he head . Scott slap Chet hard on the back . gulp . Chet have swallow the crucifix . a sizzling sound be hear move down from he throat to he belly . he open he mouth and let out a noise similar to a train whistle . he jump up from behind the bar , do a wild dance from pain . he jump from wall to wall and floor to ceiling , scream all the while . kate and Scott watch he from the bar , mischievous grin on they face . Chet be on he knee , arm stretch out , yell at the top of he lung like a vamp King lear . chet 1-am-in-agonnnyyyy ! Chet break off a chair leg , mutter to himself . chet stop the pain , stop the pain , stop the pain , stop the pain , stop the pain ... he plunge the stake into he own heart , but instead of the vampire 's cry that escape from the other upon be stake , Chet let out a sigh of relief . by this time there be not too many people leave . most of the vampire have be kill by wooden stake and most of the customer have be butcher or drain . all that 's leave on the vampire side be two naked dancer and two whore . on the human side be Seth , Jacob and he kid , sex Machine and frost . aside from the child , who be hide behind the bar , all the human be hold wooden stake . the four human man group together . the four female vampire charge , tooth expose , snarling and drip with blood . Seth , Jacob , sex Machine and frost raise they weapon and slam , almost simultaneously , the four vamp . all four stake body hit the floor . kate and Scott run from behind the bar to they father 's side . they all stand look at the horrible carnage that have take place . the floor be litter with dead body . frost ai not they suppose to burn up or something ? at that moment a bright flash erupt , itluminate everyone 's face . the sound of quick burn flame fill the air . everybody shield they eye from the intense light , which last only a split second . it vanish , along with the body of the vampire . Al | that remain be a smolder mess of goo where the body once lay . they all stare at the mess for a few second and then run for the door . it 's lock . they bang on the door , but it 's useless . it be not budging , yet they all go on bang . except for Seth . he never run for the door . he walk over to he dead brother 's body and kneel beside it . he take he dead hand . seth richie , I be sorry I fuck thing up . you would really like it in El Ray . we would find peace there . I love you little brother , i’ 11 miss ya bad . Seth go to kiss he brother 's lip when , richard 's eye pop OPEN . they 's be yellow . Seth raise he head in surprise . richard I be glad you feel that way , Seth . I love you , too . Richard grab Seth by the front of he shirt and pull he down to he . fang be now expose . Seth try to pull away . he scream for the other to help . Richard pull Seth down to strike distance and open he mouth to take the big bite , when sex Machine grab Seth from behind and yank he from Richard 's grasp . Jacob , frost and the kid have surround Richard and proceed to kick he and stomp he head . sex Machine pick up a chair and smashes it against a wall . he pick up one of the chair leg and walk over to where the other be hold Richard down . Richard see the wood in the biker 's hand . he know what that mean . Seth whip out he .45 and point it at sex Machine . seth touch my brother with that stake , biker , and vampire will not need to suck you blood , they 's || be able to lick it up off the floor . sex machine he be not you brother no more . seth that 's a matter of opinion , and I do not give a fuck about you 's . Jacob , frost and the kid continue to hold Richard down to the ground . jacob do not be a idiot , he will kill we all ! Seth aim he gun at the group . seth shut up ! Richard 's giggle . richard yeah , shut up . Seth , still hold the outstretch gun , take the stake out of sex Machine 's hand . Seth lower the . 45 . seth hold he down . the smile evaporate from Richard 's face . seth richie , here 's the peace in death I could never give you in life . Seth put the stake over Richard 's heart . use the butt of he .45 like a hammer , he pound the stake into Richard 's heart . Richard scream and die . they all stand around the body as it burst into flame and disintegrate into goo . Seth break away from the group and walk over to the bar . he grab a bottle of whiskey and start down it . kate , of all people , walk away from the group and join Seth at the bar . kate be you okay ? seth peachy ! why should not I be ? the world 's my oyster , except for the fact that I just ram a wooden stake in my brother 's heart because he turn into a vampire , even though I do not believe in vampire . aside from that unfortunate business , everything 's 's hunky - dory . Jacob walk kate I be really sorry . seth bullshit ! you hate we . if you have half a chance you would feed we to they ! jacob then why do not 1 ? over to Seth . jacob I save you life . I do not have to , but I do . and I be sorry you lose you brother . I be sorry he 's dead . I be sorry everybody 's dead . now , if we be gonna get out of this we need each other . and we need you sober and think , not drunk and ... as Jacob have be talk , a sound have start that have grow louder and louder . Jacob stop in mid-sentence to identify it . jacob what the hell be that ? frost at first I just think it be bird . sex machine no , it 's more of a gnaw sound . bird peck , they do not gnaw . rat gnaw . Seth put the bottle in he hand down . seth it 's bat . ext . titty twister - night the outside of the titty twister be literally cover with hat , clawing , flapping , gnawing , try like hell to get inside . int . titty twister - night everybody listen to the bat scratching and claw all along the wall , the roof and at the front door . everyone 's scared shitless and nobody have the slight idea what to do next . the door begin to crack and splinter , little claw poke they way through . jacob give I a hand ! Jacob run to a table top . he grab it and cover the area the bat be try to claw through . the other grab other item to help secure and barricade the door . as the survivor be panickedly board up the door and the window , a dead biker that the vampire feed on , pop open he yellow eye . he sit up and see all the furious activity . everyone 's so busy they do not notice they new friend . the dead biker vamp set he sight on kate , who 's put a board into place . he spring to he foot and pounce on she , just as sex Machine turn from across the room in she direction . sex machine watch out , girly ! the biker vamp grab kate from behind . she let out a scream . the vamp hold she close to he in a bear hug , but she 's move around so much he can not get a clear bite . the other hear the scream and look toward kate . sex Machine , Big emilio 's baseball bat in hand , be halfway to the rescue . as the biker vamp open he mouth to take a juicy bite out of kate 's shoulder , kate ram she head back , hit the vamp in the mouth and break he fang . he release she and spit out he tooth just as sex Machine run up and swing the baseball bat upside the vamp 's head , break the bat in two and send the vamp to the floor . as the vamp lie on the floor see star , sex Machine grab one of the break end of the bat and shove it in the vamp 's heart . he die and burst into flame . at that point , three other dead victim rise to a sit position . sex Machine grab a chair and throws it to the ground , break it . he grab the four leg . sex machine ( mumble to himself ) goddamn fuckin’ vampire . the biker have turn into Captain sex Machine , vampire Hunter . he stake two of the vampire as they get to they foot . both spew green blood , scream , die and burst into flame . the third , a trucker vampire wear a cat cap , smack sex Machine in the mouth , which send the biker for a loop . as cat cap run toward the fall sex Machine , kate jump on he back from behind . both of they go tumble into a stack of whiskey case . sex Machine run over and grab kate by the hand , pull she up and out of the way . cat cap be lie in a pile of break bottle and whiskey . sex Machine raise he stake as cat cap die and drive it in the vamp 's black heart . cat cap die and burst into flame , which hit the whiskey , start a giant fire . sex machine Fire ! frost and Jacob stop barricade and run to the fire . frost ( to sex Machine ) we 's Il put this out . you stake the rest of this fucker . sex machine Way ahead of ya . ( to kate ) what 's you name , girly ? kate kate , what 's yours ? sex machine sex Machine . please to meet 's cha . kate , let 's stake this blood- sucker fucker . kate and sex Machine give each other a high five and go to work staking the dead body . Jacob and frost beat down the fire with they jacket and whatever else be at hand . a hole begin to appear where a window have be plaster over . Little claw scrape they way through . Scott stand in front of the window . scott ( yell ing ) we get a problem ! Seth , who be barricade door and window , look in Scott 's direction . the hole in the plaster crack open and out pop a little , fleshy vampire bat / rat head . the bat / rat , which be squeaking and hissing its head off , try to squeeze its body through the newly form hole . Seth , gun in hand , run to the window . he point the . 45 , point - blank range at the head of the bat / rat . the bat / rat see this , make a '' oh shit '' face , and yank he head back through the hole . Seth be ready to fire , he lower he gun in bewilderment , when . . . wham | the bat / rat burst through the hole , like shot out of a cannon , hitting Seth in the gut and send he flying , landing hard on he back . once Seth hit the ground , the bat-thing ( which have the body of a fat rat with a bat 's large wingspan ) lickity - split run up Seth 's body to he juggler . Seth 's hand grab the bat 's neck , and try to push it away . but the bat-thing have its claw dug in Seth 's clothes . the bat-thing be just inch from Seth 's face . its mouth be snapping . seth get this bastard off of I ! frost leave Jacob with the fire , come from behind and grab the bat-thing and yank it off of Seth . sex Machine and kate be a green , bloody mess from they preventative stake of dead body . sex Machine kneel by a dead body , raise the stake in he hand to spear he . the body spring up and bite sex Machine on the arm . Red blood squirt all over . sex Machine scream , then bring the stake down in the body 's chest . it die , burn and turn into goo . sex Machine hold he bit arm and wrap it with a piece of he shirt . he quickly look around to see if anybody see he get bit . nobody see it , everybody be too busy . frost hold the flapping , fighting , snapping bat-thing in front of he at arm 's length . he struggle with it for a while , then ... bash its head against the bar . the first bash take some fight out of the little fucker , so ... frost bash he head against the bar six or seven time . he then throws the bat-thing on the bar , turn it over , garb a pencil in a cup next to the register , and ram it in the bat-thing 's heart . the bat-thing cough and die . there 's a flash of flame , follow by a pile of goo . sex Machine and kate have cover up a hole in the plaster window with a table while frost , Scott and Seth wrestle with the bat-thing . Jacob have put out the fire . everybody come together , exhaust , and take a breather . outside , the bat continue to try and claw they way in . jacob be everybody okay ? everyone mutter '' yeah . '' jacob okay , do anybody here know what 's 's go on ? seth yeah , I know what 's go on . we get a bunch of fuckin’ vampire outside try to get inside and suck we fuckin’ blood ! that 's it , plain and simple . and I do not wanna hear any bullshit about '' I do not believe in vampire '' because I do not fuckin’ believe in vampire either . but I do believe in my own two fuckin’ eye , and with my two eye I see fuckin’ vampire ! now , do everybody agree we be dealin’ with vampire . everybody agree . seth you too , preacher ? jacob I be like you . I do not believe in vampire , but I believe in what I see . seth good for you . now , since we all believe we 's be deal with vampire , what do we know about vampire ? cross hurt vampire . do you have a cross ? jacob in the winnebago . seth in other word , no . scott what be you talk about ? we get cross all over the place . all you gotta do be put two stick together and you get a cross . sex machine he 's right . Peter cush do that all the time . seth I do not know about that . in order for it to have any power , I think it 's gotta be a official crucifix . jacob what 's a official cross ? some piece of tin make in Taiwan ? what make that official ? if a cross work against vampire , it 's not the cross itself , it 's what the cross represent . the cross be a symbol of holiness . seth okay , I 'l ! buy that . so we get cross cover , move right along , what else ? frost wooden stake in the heart be workin 's pretty good so far . sex machine garlic , holy water , sunlight ... I forget , do silver do anything to a vampire ? scott that 's 's werewolve . sex machine I know silver bullet be werewolve . but I be pretty sure silver have some sort of effect on vampire . kate do anybody have any silver ? all no . kate then who care ? Jacob look scott when 's sunrise ? at he watch . jacob about two hour from now . kate so all we have to do be get by for a few more hour and then we can walk right out the front door . sex machine yeah , that 's true , but I doubt we barricade , that door , that plaster window and this wall will last two more hour with that bat fuck fuckin’ with ‘em . jacob have anybody here read a real book about vampire , or be we just remember what a movie say ? I mean a real book . sex machine you mean like a time - life book ? everybody laugh . frost ( in a cowboy voice ) John wesley hardin , so mean he once shot a man for snorin’ . jacob I take it the answer 's no . okay then , what do we know about this vampire ? seth aside from they 's be thirsty . frost well , one thing , they might get super human strength , but you can hurt 's they . jacob yeah , that bottle upside the head of santanico do not kill she , but it do not feel too good either . sex machine another thing , you try and ram a break chair leg in a human , you better be one strong son-of - a-bitch . the human body be one rough - tough machine . but this vamp get soft body . the texture of they skin be softer , mushier . you can push shit right through them . conceivably , if you hit one hard enough , you could take they fuckin’ head off . scott you could take they head off . seth actually , we best weapon against this satanic cocksucker be this man . ( he point at Jacob ) he 's a preacher . frost and sex Machine look toward Jacob . seth as far as God 's concerned , we might just as well be a piece of fuckin’ shit . but he 's one of the boy . only one problem , he faith be not what it use to be . Jacob punch Seth in the mouth , send he to the floor . Jacob stand over he . jacob i’ have have enough of you taunt . Seth look up from the floor . seth I be not taunting you . we need you . a faithless preacher doesn 's t mean shit to we . but a man who 's a servant of God can grab a cross , shove it in this monster 's ass . a servant of God can bless the tap water and turn it into a weapon . Seth rise . seth I know why you lose you faith . how could true holiness exist if you wife can be take away from you and you child ? now , I always say God can kiss my fuckin’ ass . well , I change my lifetime tune about thirty minute ago 's cause I know , without a doubt , what 's out there try to get in here be pure evil straight from hell . and if there be a hell , and that monster be from it , there 's get to be a heaven . now which be you , a faithless preacher or a mean , mother fuckin’ servant of God ? Jacob have to laugh at that . so do everybody else . Jacob stick out he hand and shake Seth 's . jacob I be a mean , mother fuck servant of God . the laughter and good humor pass quickly and the only sound to be hear be that of the bat gnaw and claw . it immediately remind the group of the deep , deep shit they 's be in . kate I do not know if I can take two hour of that noise . frost you can . you 's |! take it 's cause ya get no choice . how would ya like twenty four hour of it , lie in a muddy ditch with only the rotting corpse of you friend to keep you company ? jacob what be you talk about ? frost back in '72 I be in nam , trap behind enemy line , lie in a rat hole with my entire squad dead . they think they kill everybody , and except for I , they be right . but it be not for lack of try . a grenade blow up right next to I , that 's why I be so pretty . they think I be dead , so I play dead . they dumped all the body in a ditch . all I could do be lie there play possum . Dead body under I , dead body on top of I , listen to the enemy laugh and joke hour after hour after hour ... as frost go into he monologue , the sound fade out and the camera move to sex Machine . he 's have a hot flash . he can not hear anything . he 's look at frost speak , but he do not hear any sound . then he hear a deep , male voice say : male voice ( v.0 . ) thirst . '' who the fuck be that ? '' he think to himself . he turn around : nobody 's there . no one else in the group seem to hear it , a female voice seductively say : female voice ( v.0 . ) thirst . we hear sex Machine 's think in a voice answer . sex machine ( V. 0 . ) stop fuck say that ! two male voice ( v.0 . ) thirst ! sex machine ( V. 0 . ) that bite be not nothin’ . it just hurt like a son-of - a-bitch , that 's all . it barely punch the skin . sex Machine look at frost , who 's act out he story . the biker be pantomime fight and slashing . he 's describe all the while , but we can not hear anything . all we hear be many voice , male , female , child say : voice ( V. 0 . ) thirst ... thirst ... thirst ... sex Machine begin look at the other member of the group in a thirsty way . he stare at each of they neck , closer and closer until he can see the vein on frost 's 's neck actually pulsate , throbbing , beckone to he . sex Machine have turn into a vampire . the sound come back as frost finish he story . frost ... and then when I come back to my sense , I realize I have kill the entire v.c. squadron single handedly . my bayonet have blood and chunks of yellow flesh on it like some cannibal shish kabob . and to this day I do not have the slight idea how I — sex Machine let out a hideous cry . sex machine thirst ! frost scream as sex Machine grab hold of he and bite into he neck . the group try to pull the two man apart . Jacob get he arm around sex Machine 's neck and try pull . sex Machine take he tooth out of the biker 's neck and sink they in Jacob 's arm . Jacob scream and let go . Seth , kate and Scott react to Jacob be bit . sex Machine grab Jacob and toss he effortlessly over the bar , crashing into a shelf full of liquor bottle . frost hop around the room , mad as a hornet , hold he bleed neck . frost I be bit ! he fuckin’ bit I ! sex Machine punch Seth in the face , drop he like a sack of potato . he smack the shit out of kate . she go flying into a table . sex Machine turn , see frost break off a big table leg . frost look at the big vamp . frost ( to sex Machine ) you be dead , mother fucker ! you ' be gonna bite I ! you just turn I into a vampire , asshole ! sex machine what be you gonna do about it ? frost , table leg in hand , run , scream he head off , straight at sex Machine . sex Machine 's nostril flare . he raise he meaty fist and pull it back , so he can really haul off . frost , top speed , stake raise , scream . sex Machine let loose with he punch , Seth , Scott and kate look up from the floor . Jacob rise from behind the bar . frost 's face collide with sex Machine 's fist . sex Machine hit frost so hard it lift the biker off the ground and propel he through the air . Seth see where frost be head and say : seth oh shit ! Jacob see . jacob good lord ! frost , in mid-air , hit the barricade , plaster overwindow and crash through it . sex Machine let loose with a maniacal laugh . hundred of bat-thing fly into the bar . Seth grab the two kid by the hand and run for the backroom . behind the bar , Jacob grab two piece of wood from off the ground . ten bat-thing be in hot pursuit of Seth , kate and Scott , who be running for they life . they get to the door of the back room , whip it open , dive in and slam it behind they . a ugly , fleshy bat-thing mange to get its head catch in the door as it close . kate and Scott push on the door as hard as they can . the bat-thing 's head , which be inside , scream , howl and snap in fury . Seth turn toward the bat / vamp in the door . he stick he .45 in its big mouth . seth you wanna suck something , suck on this ! he fire four shot that blow the bat vamp 's head all over the wall . kate yell : kate we have to go back for daddy ! seth daddy 's dead . kate noooo ! she spin and grab the door knob , ready to fling the door and help she father . Scott grab she and push she up against the wall . scott he 's right , kate . daddy 's dead ! he be too far away . if fling that door and fill this room with that bat-thing would save he , I would fling it . the only thing it 's || do be turn we into one of they . seth he need we help ! scott he 's beyond we help . you see he get bit . I see he get bit . we all see it . you can not help he . I have get no one leave to lose but you . I can not be alone again . we be stick together . just then they hear Jacob 's voice booming from the bar room . int . bar room - night Jacob , hold a cross make out of two stick and recite appropriate verse from the bible , be keep the vampire at bay . but , as Seth predict , it be the shine power of he restore faith that be he mightiest weapon . Jacob be make he way through the vampire , toward the back door . a lot of the bat have transformed into bat / devil / human creature . the creature stand at the edge of Jacob 's force field of holiness . many bat thing fly around the bar like mad , whirling dervish . a cluster of bat-thing over above and in front of Jacob . they all growl and hiss at the man of god . for every one step forward Jacob take , the vampire stake one step back . Jacob recite the verse from the bible in a threaten , mean , mother fuck , servant of god tone . as he speak with authority and strength , he see frost lie on the ground , bat-thing on he like ant on a candy bar . but Jacob be too much in control to let even this repugnant sight trip he up . Jacob have back himself up by the door . jacob open the door . the door fly open . Jacob jump inside . the door slam shut . Jacob hug daughter and son . as he hug they , we see he bloody arm . when he release they , they can not help but notice . seth do he ...? jacob yep . Seth explode , knock over box , busting chair , tipping over table and cussing a blue streak . seth fuck , piss , shit ! mother fuckin 's vampire ! mother fuckin’ vampire ! goddamn mother fuckin’ vampire ! Seth run over to the barricade door and yell to the creature on the other side . seth you all be gonna fuckin’ die ! I be gonna fuckin’ kill every last one of you godless piece of shit ! jacob ( to Seth ) you bet you sweet ass you be , and I be gonna help you do it . but we be not get much time . kate be cry , she know what 's happen to she father . kate you 's be gonna be okay , aren 's t you , daddy ? jacob no , I be not . I have be bit . in effect , I be already dead . Scott and kate , cry , grab they father and hold on for dear life . Jacob want to cry , but if he break down , the kid will never have the courage for what they must do . jacob ( to he child ) Children , listen to I . I love you two more than anybody . and I just want you to know you 's have make I proud all you life . but never more so than tonight . and I wish we could sit here and cry till I pass on , but we can not . because I be not go to pass on . I be go to turn into a monster . and when I do , I be go to be dangerous . but before that happen , just know I love you . ( to Seth and the kid ) now , I would say in the next twenty or thirty minute we friend outside will bust in this door . and i’ || probably turn into a vampire within the hour . now , you have two choice . you can wait for I to turn , then deal with I , then wait for they to burst inside here and the three of you will deal with they . or , we can kick open that door and the four of we can hit " they with everything we have , and carve a path right through ’em to front entrance . but if we 's be gonna go at ’em , we gotta go at ‘em now . I confuse they , I scared they , I take they off guard . but they 's be go to get unconfuse , they 's be go to get unscare , they 's be go to get together and they 's be go to hit that door like a ton of brick . and when that moment arrive , we gotta be ready . Jacob see that the back room be pretty damn big and fill with box and crate . jacob what 's this stuff ? seth my guess be that this little dive be feed on nomad road waif like biker and trucker for a longtime . this be probably some of the shipment they steal off the truck . jacob well , I say let tear this place apart for weapon . so when they burst through that door , we 's || make ’em wish they never do . seth I do not give a shit about live or die anymore . I just want to send as many of this devil back to hell as I can . jacob amen . montage the survivor be open box and pry open crate . a lot of what they find be bullshit . pantyhose , coffee , teddy bear , etc . but a few of the box be just what the doctor order . case from a sport good supplier yield a shipment of baseball bat . meant to arrive at toy store be a shipment of uzi replica squirt gun and a box of balloon . and capture en route to a hardware store be shipment of power tool , saw and jack hammer . Seth and Scott see the bat into wooden stake . kate fill the uzi squirt gun with tap water from the backroom sink . Jacob , with Seth 's knife , etch a cross into every bullet in the .45 automatic 's last full clip of ammo . vampire all start converge on the back room door , get they courage back . kate make water bal loon . Scott sharpen the stake to a point with the tool . Seth attaches a wooden stake to the end of a jackhammer . Jacob bless the water in the squirt gun and bal loon , turn it into holy water . we heroes work together , prepare for the battle to come . the back room door , barricade with crate and box , begin to be pound on by the undead on the other side . the room tone be a combination of chew , scratch , pound , squeaking and scream . finally they 's be ready . Jacob turn to he kid . jacob before we go any further , I need you three to promise I something . i’ 11 fight with you to the bitter end , but when I turn into one of they , 1 win 's t be Jacob anymore . I 'l ! be a lap dog of Satan . I want you three to promise you 's || take I down , no different from the rest . the kid can not say the word . seth I promise . jacob kate , Scott ? kate Jacob do n 's I promise . jacob Scott ? scott yeah , I promise . t believe they . jacob why do not I believe you ? ( he pick up the . 45 ) I be gonna ask you two again , then I want you to swear to God that you 's || kill I . if you do not , I be gonna just kill myself right now . now , since you need I I think you better swear . kate , do you swear to God that when I turn into one of the undead , you will kill I ? kate do not answer . Jacob place the .45 barrel against he temple . jacob kate , we do not have all day , so I be only gonna count to five . one ... two . three ... four ... kate okay , okay , I promise I 'l ! do it ! jacob not good enough , swear to God . kate I swear to God , we father , that when you change into one of the undead , | will kill you . jacob good girl . now , Scott , we have even less time , so I be only give you the count of three . one ... scott you do not believe in suicide . jacob it 's not suicide if you be already dead . two ... scott okay , i’ Il kill you when you change , I swear to God in Jesus Christ 's 's name . jacob thank you , son . seth okay , vampire killer , let 's kill some fuckin’ vampire . int . barroom - night the vampire , bat -thing and what have you , start breaking down the door . they be in a mad frenzy . they burst through the door . wait for they be Scott and kate hold uzi squirt gun and water balloon drape down they chest on a belt like grenade . Jacob be hold a cross make of sharp wooden stake and the .45 with the cross bullet . Seth be hold the jackhammer . the survivor walk out of the back room into the bar . the vamp back up , let they inside . what we have here be a mexican standoff , a la '' the Wild bunch . '' a moment of peace before the battle . the vamp just watch the human . the human just watch the vamp . then , like the bull in the china shop , Seth end the peace by start up the jackhammer . seth kill ‘em all ! lacob hold up the cross , the vamp react . he kid spray the crowd with uzi fire , burn vampire lesh . he pack of vamp retreat while the fuller squad walk orward . hey be attack on all side , but they keep move towards the door . Seth slam the stake into several of the vamp , it speed in and out of vampire chest , each time spraying he in green vamp blood . Jacob shove he cross stake into a vampire with one hand and shoot three vampire with bless bullet with the other . flame burst from the vampire 's chest when the bullet hit . kate and Scott both whip water balloon off they belt and toss they into the crowd . they burst and fry several of the vamp , who fall , scream in pain . from its perch on a wood ceiling beam , a bat-thing drop and hurl toward the group . Jacob see it , raise he gun and fire . the bat-thing burst into a ball of scream fire . Seth continue carve a path to the front door by slamm the hammer stake into vampire chest . the front door be barricade again by a big table and other junk . scott ( yell ing ) why do they block the door again ? jacob ( yell ing ) to keep the daylight out ! this be where they sleep ! get to the door ! Seth try to get to the front door , when sex Machine , now a half bat , half devil vamp , about six foot seven , drop from above in front of he . Seth ram the stake in its chest . the sex Machine - thing scream out , lifting the hammer and Seth off the ground . Seth be throw from he hold on the hammer across the room , he crash into a table . the sex Machine - thing fall back with the jackhammer stick out of he chest , dead . kate , spraying uzi fire like rambo , see Seth fall . she scream : kate Seth ! Seth quickly get up to find himself surround by vampire on all side . with no weapon , he put up on duke . seth okay , dead boy , come on ! take a bite and feel all right ! kate cluster with she father and Scott . kate ( yell ing ) I be go for ' they ! jacob no ! kate everybody go home ! kate turn into a squirt gun fire , water - bal loon throw , one-woman army , as she break from she father and head in Seth 's direction . kate ( scream ) die , monster , die ! die , monster , die ! kate mow down the group by Seth , they lie on the floor , burn in agony . kate take Seth 's hand and give he a couple of water balloon and a stake . kate ( to Seth ) watch my back ! seth anytime . cut through vampire , the two make they way across the bar . Jacob , fire the .45 , take out several more vampire in fiery death . Scott fire the uzi and chuck more water balloon . as Jacob fight , all of a sudden the sound go out . he can not hear anything . he wonder if he 's go deaf . he start to hear the word : '' thirst , thirst , thirst . '' he notice the vampire have stop attack he . they look at he wit happy smile on they devilish face . fang begin to grow . his eye be yellow . Scott turn to he dad . he see he father be a monster . Jacob , with a devilish grin on he face , grab Scott and sink he tooth into Scott 's forearm . Scott scream bloody murder as he dad begin to drain he of blood . Scott take one of the water balloon he 's wear and smashes it against Jacob 's 's head . the holy water melt half of Jacob 's face away . he let go of Scott , scream , and drop the .45 on the floor . Scott drop to the ground , pick up the gun . he bring it up to fire . a totally evil Jacob , with only half a face , match stare with the boy he once call he son . Scott 's eye turn to steel . scott I swear to God , in Jesus Christ 's name . he fire , send a holy bullet into Jacob 's 's forehead , create a hole from which fire shoot out . Jacob 's entire head burst into flame , then explode . from across the room , fate see she daddy ignite . she cry out . in the thick of the battle , Seth yell : seth fight now , cry later . kate take he advice and hit a vamp square in the face with a holy water balloon , which melt he head . a bat-thing land on the back of Scott 's neck . he scream as it bite into he . he drop the . 45 . kate see Scott get bit . kate oh my god . another bat-thing land on Scott 's arm and take a bite . Scott scream . kate you bastard ! she go to spray they when she uzi run out of water . now seven bat-thing be on Scott bite and suck blood . Scott be in agony . scott kill I , kate ! kate run for she brother , do a dive and a roll , come up by the .45 , snatching it in one motion and firing three time . one ... two ... three bat-thing be hit , shoot flame , then all of they explode , blowing up Scott . the remain vamp approach . all the human have leave be a few bullet and one holy bal loon . seth how many bullet leave , kid ? kate not many . seth well , when you run out of weapon , just start cold cock ’em . make 's they sing for they supper . the two survivor be back up against a wall . two bat thing do a kamikaze dive from the air toward Seth . Seth throw the holy balloon at they . direct hit . the two bat-thing burst into flame and spiral to the floor . the two survivor look at the vampire , who stand before they . a moment of stillness before the attack . kate stand hold the .45 , arm outstretch . kate ( to Seth ) should I use the last bullet on we ? seth you use them on the first couple of this parasite that try to bite you . the vamp begin to close in . kate line up the .45 sight on the face of a approach vampire . Seth hold the uzi like a club , ready to bash in the first vampire 's head that get in swinging distance . beam of sunlight shoot through the hole that kate shot through the wall . approach vampire burn . the scorched vamp scream like they 's have never scream before . seth shoot more hole ! kate turn away from the vamp and shoot hole in the wall behind he , daylight come through , provide kate and Seth with a safe , light area . the .45 's empty . the vamp hiss and scream at the frustration of not be able to get at they . the two survivor hold hand , when ... all of a sudden the door to the titty twister be pound on from the outside . the vamp look towards it in horror . from the other side of the door , we hear a voice with a Spanish accent . voice ( 0 . S. ) ( in Spanish ) I be look for my friend . be Seth in there ? seth ( yell ing ) car los ! ( in Spanish ) help we , bash the door . bash the door in ! carlo ( 0 . S. ) ( in Spanish ) Danny , manny , knock down the door . hurry , hurry ! the vamp be totally fuck freak out ! they run and fly around the bar in a panic . crying , howling , grab onto each other . the front door be torn apart from shotgun fir come from the outside , punch hole the size of basketball in the door . the table in front of the door give and fall forward . the door cave in and sunlight invade the bar . many vamp be instantly fry , burst into flame . the mexican gangster carlso and he two henchmen , danny and manny , be horrify at what they see . they cross themselves in fright . vampire search for dark corner , but all be lose . sunlight hit a mirrore ball attach to the ceiling , send hundred of beam of sunlight scatter through the room . vamp try and dodge the beam . no dice . all around the vamp combust in fiery explosion . the titty twister be now on fire , burn out of control . Seth and kate run through the building and leap through the door into the parking lot . ext . titty twister parking lot - morning carlos , Danny and manny help they to they foot and walk they away from the blaze bar . they catch they breath by carlos 's 's mercede . carlo ( to Seth ) what the fuck be go on in there ? Seth signal carlos to wait a minute while he catch he breath . then he haul off and punch carlos square in the kisser . Danny and manny aim they shotgun at Seth . carlo ( in Spanish ) whatsamatter with you ? be you crazy ? seth why the fuck , outta all the god forsaken shit hole in Mexico , do you have we rendezvous at that place ? carlo I do not know , one place 's as good as another . seth have you ever be there before ? carlo no , but I pass by it a couple of time . it 's out in the middle of nowhere . it seem like a rowdy place , so there would not be a lot of police . and it 's open from dusk till dawn . you say meet you in the morning . seth well , because you pick that place out of a hat , my brother 's dead now . and this girl 's family 's dead . carlos stand up again . carlo I be sorry to hear that . what be they , psychos ? seth do they look like psychos ? they be fuckin’ vampire . psychos do not explode when sunlight hit ‘em , I don 's t care how crazy they be . Danny and manny react to the vampire news by crossing themselves again . carlo oh , Seth , how can I ever make it up to you ? seth you can not , but fifteen percent instead of thirty for my stay at El Ray be a good start . carlo twenty-eight . seth Jesus Christ , carlos , my brother 's dead and he 's not come back , and it 's all you fault . twenty . they look at each other , then shake hand , say in unison . seth and carlo ( in Spanish ) twenty-five . Seth get the suitcase and give carlos 25 % . Seth walk over to a red 1990 porsche 911 . carlo you like the car ? seth I say new , this be a ' 90 . carlo it 's hardly be use at all . I get it from a drug dealer who only drive it 5 time in as many year . swear to God . that 's like new . seth so do I just follow you ? carlo yeah , follow we . seth so let 's do it . carlo ( to Danny and manny ) vamanos ! carlos , Danny and manny pile into Carlo 's white mercede . Seth by he porsche , look back at kate . kate stand alone . the whole desert seem between they . so much to say ... but no word . seth I be sorry . kate I too . Long pause . seth see ya . kate later . Seth turn he back on she . just as he open the door , kate say behind he : kate ( 0.s. ) Seth . Seth turn around . kate you want some company ? Seth smile . seth kate honey , I may be a bastard . but I be not a fuckin’ bastard . he blow she a kiss across the desert . she blow one back . Seth 's in he car and gone . kate turn around , face endless desert before she , and begin she long walk home . theme of movie begins pounding the end