from here to eternity screenplay by Daniel taradash ( second draft - 8/29/1952 ) use for educational purpose only fade in : ext . quadrangle - day long shot the quadrangle of Army building be quiet and desert . a broken-down taxi drive in at one corner and slowly make its way around the quadrangle . superimposed over shot be the legend : hawait , 1941 six month before pearl harbor the taxi pull up across the street from camera . a soldier get out , pull two heavily load barrack bag after he . he pay the driver , hoist the bag to he back , move toward camera . the taxi drive away slowly . the soldier walk toward step lead to a low building . he be prewitt ( call " prew " for short ) , 22 year old , well - build , good -look . he wear a enlist man 's uniform and on the sleeve be mark where chevron have be remove . he pause , look up over the door . camera pan up to sign which read : orderly room - G company , 219th regiment . medium shot a small thin soldier in a undershirt and fatigue pants back out of the screen door and into shot . he be wield a fray broom . this be private angelo maggio . he be violent and funny and sour and friendly . he see prewitt 's leg but not he face , speak as he sweep a cloud of dust off the porch . maggid Fine way to pass the time . good for the mind . prew hello , maggio . maggio turn and stare at prew , astonished . maggio prew ...? prew ( nod ) I transfer out of Fort shatter . maggio notice the mark on the sleeve where the stripe have be remove . prew follow he glance . maggio you quit the bugle Corps ...? prew nod . maggio jerk he head toward the sign . maggio to here ...? prew ( shrug ) that 's what the order say . maggio you make a bad mistake . this outfit they can give back to custer . prew smile slightly , start toward door . maggio the Captain be not in yet . prew put down he barrack bag . prey I will look around . maggio ( smile for first time ) maybe we borrow some money from a twenty per cent man and take a real trip to town some night . phew maybe . trucking shot along company STREET prew walk slowly down the raise porch alongside the street . he take the mouthpiece of a bugle from he pocket , jiggle it idly , a habit of he . he come to the dayroom , glance through the screen door , go in . int . dayroom - day medium shot the dayroom have a pool table , ping - pong table , a radio , etc . moth -eaten , upholster chair line both wall . the place be empty as prew enter . he look around casually , see the pool table in a alcove . he move over to it , put the bugle mouthpiece in he pocket , pick a cue from the rack on the wall . he switch on the light , chalk the cue . medium close shot the triangle of ball be already rack on the table . prew address the cue ball , shoot and break the rack solidly . he watch the ball hurry around the table . warden' voice ( 0 . S. ) what be you think you be do !? why be not you out in the field with the compny ? what 's you name ? the voice be brawling , brash , vigorous . prew turn slowly . camera angle widen to include first sergeant milton warden , almost at prew 's elbow . he be thirty - four , big and powerful , have a neatly - trim moustache . prew prewitt . transfer from shafter . warden yeah . I hear about you . prew I hear about you , too , warden . warden well , put up that cue and come along . this here 's a rifle outfit , prewitt . you be not suppose to enjoy yourself before sundown . the man 's very particlar about little thing like that . warden go out of the dayroom . prew put up the cue and follow he . ext . company STREET trucking shot as prew and warden walk along the porch , warden a few pace ahead . they go into the orderly room . int . orderly room - day medium shot as prew and warden enter . maggio be sweeping the room . mazzioli , a bespectacle , intellectual - look private first class , be at the clerk 's desk , open it , take out papers etc . prew sit on a bench as warden go over to mazzioli . warden mazzioli ! grant go to the hospital yesterday . do you make up he sick record ? do you make a note for the morning report ?! you be the compny clerk . the lousy sickbook be you job ! mazzioli that medic do not get the sickbook back till late yesterday -- I will tend to it right now -- warden thanks . I already do it for you . another angle maggio have sweep he way over to prew . he stop sweeping now , stare at the other man as if still incredulous . maggio but you the beat bugler they get over at shatter . you probly the best on this whole rock . in b.g. , warden have turn from mazzioli and be look at prew . prew look back coolly , answer maggio thoughtfully . prew that 's true . maggio wag he head , bend over to pick up wastepaper basket . maggio well , friend , I feel for you . but from my position I can not quite reach you . warden ten-sh-hut ! prewitt , mazzioli and maggio spring to attention . the screen door bang and captain dana holme enter shot . he wear cavalry boot and spur . he be about forty , unsure of himself , therefore always too certain with he man . he nod pleasantly . holme at ease . good morning , man . anything special this morning sergeant warden ? I have only a few minute . warden New man here , sir . holme oh , yes . bring he in . holme go into he office . warden jerk he thumb toward the door . prewitt go into the office . warden follow he . int . captain office - day holme be seat at he desk as prewitt and warden enter . a placard on it read : captain holme . a smaller desk nearby have a placard ' read : 1st sergeant warden . warden seat himself at this desk . on the wall be frame photograph of prizefighter as well as one of a large golden trophy . on holme ' desk be a small frame photograph of a very attractive blonde woman . prewitt come to attention in front of holme ' desk . prewitt Sir , private Robert E. Lee prewitt report to the compny Commander as order . holme at ease . ( take papers out of drawer , glance through they ) they send you service record over ... twenty - two year of age ... bear in kentucky ... enlist first at Fort myer , Virginia ... bugle Corps ... re-enlisted for overseas duty ... Fort shafter ... first bugler ... ( benignly ) prewitt , I always make it a policy to talk to my new man . it 's important for a officer and he man to understand each other . now I have a fine smooth -run outfit angle featuring warden holme can not see warden who be grin at prewitt with unholy glee . holme plenty of room for advancement for a man who know how to soldier . but he 's get to show I he 's get it on the ball . I do not know what you have be use to in the bugle Corps , but in my outfit we run it by the book . what kind of trouble be you in over there ? prew no trouble , sir . holme what make you transfer out , then ? prew it 's a personal matter , air holme oh. I see ... he study prew for a moment , see warden on the edge of he chair , watch hawk - like . holme something you want to ask sergeant ? warden ( explode suddenly ) who ? I ? whv , yes , air . you have corpral 's stripe in the bugle Corps , prewitt . you take a bust to buck private to transfer to a infantry compny . why ? because you like to hike ? prew I dint have no trouble if that 's what you mean . warded ( grin suddenly ) or be it just because you could not stand to bugle ? prew it be a personal matter . warden that 's up to the compny Commander 's discretion to decide . prew ( look straight at warden ) all right . I be first bugler at shafter for two year . the topkick have a friend who transfer in from the state . next day he make he first bugler over I . warden and you ask out on account of that !? prey maybe I just be not sensible ... but that 's the reason . warden ( snort ) his feeling be hurt ! kid they send we now ! warden swing he chair around , absorb himself in work at he desk as if the prew situation be too absurd to concern himself with . holme speak blandly , winningly . holme I have get a mighty sour company bugler here ... but I suppose you would not want that job . prey no , air . holme ( smile ) well , we will get you stripe back for you , maybe a extra one for good measure . you know why you be send over here when you request transfer ? prew no , sir . hold I pull a few string . I be the regimental box coach , prewitt . I see you fight with connor in the bowl year before last . with any luck you should have win it . I think for a while , in the second round , you be go to knock he out . prew ( tense ) thank you , sir . medium close shot holme holme ( bitterly ) my regiment get beat last year in the final , as you know . ( savage insistence ) but I mean to win this year . and I will . all I have need be a top middleweight . ( wave at picture ) next year I will hang you picture up there with the other , my boy . medium shot featuring prew prew I be sorry , air . but I quit fight . holme . quit fight ? when ? what for ? prew I just stop , sir ... after -- maybe you hear about what happen ... holmeb you mean that fallow you hurt -- the one that go blind ? close shot prew prew 's lip be draw tight . he nod almost imperceptibly . medium shot during this shot maggio can be see in b.g. through door to orderly room . he pretend to be sweeping , but stop now and then to listen . holme yes , it 's too bad about that . I can understand how you feel . but that thing happen in this game . a man have get to accept that possibility when he fight . prew that 's why I decide I would quit , sir . holme ( less warmly ) but on the other hand , look at ( more ) holme ( cont would ) it this way . what if all fighter feel like that ? prew they do not . holme would you have we disband we fight program because one man get hurt ? prew no , sir . I dint say -- holme you might as well say stop war because one man get kill . we fight program be the best morale builder we have off here away from home . prew I do not want it disband , sir . ( doggedly ) but I do not see why any man should fight unless he want to . holme it look to I like you be try to acquire a reputation as a lone wolf , prewitt . you should know that in the Army it 's not the individual that count . if a man want to get ahead he have certain responsibility to fulfill that go beyond the regulation . it might look as though I be a free agent , but I be not . nobody be . holme wait hopefully for a moment , then realize prew be not go to respond further . he stand . prew snap to attention . holme maybe you will change you mind . in the meantime just do not make any mistake in my outfit . ( to warden ) I have get to go into town . be there anything else for I today , sergeant ? 10 . warden ( hold up papers ) yea , sir ! the compny Pond report 's get to be make out . it 's due tomorrow -- holme you make it out . be that all ? warden ( hold up more papers ) no , sir ! holme well , whatever it be , you fix it . if there 's anything that have to go in this afternoon , sign my name . I will not be back . he go out , crossing warden 's desk and knock a wire basket fill with papers on the floor . in a moment , the sound of the screen door slamm be hear . warden pick up the papers . warden he would strangle on he own spit if I be not here to swab out he throat for he . ( to prew ) come on . I will show you the supply room . warden go out to orderly room , prew follow . int . orderly room - day medium shot as prew and warden enter and walk through . maggio bob he head approvingly at prew . ext . company STREET - day medium shot warden and prew as they come out of the orderly room . prew hoist he barrack bag to he shoulder , balance they delicately . camera truck with he and warden as they walk down the porch . warden ( one of he unexpected intense burst ) know what you do just now ? ( more ) 11 . warden ( cont would ) when you turn down dynanite holme ' box squad ? you put you head in a noose . thing be soft for a boxer in he compny . otherwise , you better know how to soljer . phew I can soljer with any man . warden this be not the bugle Corps -- this be straight duty . prew I will take my chance . a convertible , top down , drive by and pull up outside the orderly room . karen holme , a tall , lean blonde woman , get out . her skirt hike up a little as she go up the stair to the orderly room . warden and prew stop walk and watch she Karen stop , glance at warden momentarily , then go into the orderly room . warden since when be this place gettin to be the Royal Hawaiian ? prew who 's she ? warden his wife . Captain holme '. they resume walk . warden you will fight , prewitt . you will fight because Captain holme get a bee in he hat he need a winnin team to make Mayor . and if you do not do it for he you will do it for I . I only be in this outfit eight month myself but I learn one thing . my job be to keep he happy . the more he 's happy the less he bother I and the better I run he compny . so we know where we stand , do not we , kid ? prew I know where I stand . I do not believe that 's the only way a man can get along . ( more ) 12 . prew ( cont would ) a man 's get to make up he own mind and go he own way . it he do not , he 's nothin ... warden maybe back in the day of the pioneer a man could go he own way . but not in we time , kid . today you get to play ball . you get to divide it all by two . they have reach a dutch door , top half open . a sign over it read : supply room . medium shot shoot into supply room supply sergeant leva be eat a candy bar with one hand and leisurely type up a form with the other . he be a foolish - look man , about thirty - five . warden lava ! can not I once walk by this supply room and find you workin with both hand ! leva ( come up to door ) I can not do no better on what you people pay I . warden draw some supplies for this man . ( to prew ) that 's G compny barrack over there . get rid of you bag and come back here , and leva will find you a cart to lug you stuff over in . save you makin four five trip . prew ( surprised , pleased ) okay . warden I just hate to see energy waste . any kind . besides , you will be needin yours . prew walk off , tote the barrack bag . the bang of the orderly room door be hear and lava and warden look in that direction . long shot karen holme from warden and leva' angle as she walk along porch toward they . she be at a considerable distance . Karen be about thirty . she wear a 13 . sweater and skirt . she be aware the man be study she . medium close shot warden and leva watch Karen . leva lean over the counter . leva her and they sweater . long shot karen from warden and leva' Pov as she continue toward they . as much as a man can make out , she be probably not wear a brassiere . warden 's and lava 's voice , loud at first , get softer and softer the nearer Karen get to camera . at end of the shot , as she be only a few yard away , they be practically whisper . warden' voice Army woman ... they be cold , they get no more warmth than a diamond . there 's no pleasure in they ... leva' voice yeah , but this one know the score ... like I be tellin you . warden' voice ( sarcastic ) be that right ? leva' voice okay , not around here . but I be back at Fort bliss with holme . when they be marry only a year or two . I hear plenty about the lady then . plenty . warden' voice you hear . leva' voice okay , never I . but a lot of they . I know some of the use she play ' around with , do not tell I . warden' voice I be not tellin you . you be tellin I . Karen stop , a few pace from camera . karen good morning , sergeant . medium shot 14 . lava watch , listen avidly but discreetly in b.g. during the dialogue , Karen seem irritate by warden , who look at she coolly , appraisingly , physically . karen I be look for my husband . warden Captain holme just go in town , mar 'am . karen oh . of course , he be to have leave some thing for I . ( stumble slightly ) that he be to have purchase . do you know anything about they ? warden no , mar 'am , I do not . be there anythin I can do for you ? karen . no , thanks , sergeant . she make slight move to go , pause . karen he 's be tell I quite a bit about you lately . my husband . he say you be very efficient warden yes , mar 'am . karen what be it that make you so efficient , sergeant ? warden I could not help it if I be bear smart , mar 'am . Karen laugh suddenly , loudly . karen I love that . well , good - bye , sergeant . Karen turn and walk back up the porch toward she car . warden and leva watch she . when she be out of earshot leva speak . 15 . leva but man , she sure be one , be not she ? warden one what ? leva one woman . warden ( unconvincingly ) I have see better . dissolve to : int . karen' bedroom - night medium shot 22 Karen , in a negligee , be seat at a dress table , brush she hair -- steadily , gracefully , enjoy the sensual pleasure of it . Karen be a woman of mood and temper , spontaneous , quick to impulse . a car be hear pull stroke open answer . through up in the driveway , the motor stop . Karen 's brush become faster , rougher . the front door be hear and holme ' voice call , " Karen . " she do not holme enter . he seem to have have a few drink . the follow , Karen continue brush she hair . holme I be sorry I be so late . and about dinner , I -- karen it do not matter . holme -- I get tie up with General slater . bumped into he at the officer ' Club . karen yes ? what do the General have to say ? holme success , he say . success in war , success in peacetime ... and not a word about my promotion ... there be time I think the Old man 's just wait to ship I down ... ( slump into chair ) I have have a bad day all around ... ( more ) 16 . holme ( cont would ) start right off this morning ... trouble with a new man ... karen if you would spend less time butter Generals and more time with you company , maybe you would get that promotion . hold the company take care of itself . or my topkick take care of it . karen I go over there this morning look for you . holme ( flustered ) I have some business to attend to in town . during the afternoon . karen ( unemotionally ) from the way you look I gather you business be not too successful . holme now what do that mean ? karen dana . give I credit for a few brain . holme how many , time do I have to tell you I have not any other woman before you will believe I ? close shot karen shoot into mirror on dressing table Karen laugh sharply , loudly , then stop suddenly as she look at herself in the mirror , see the repugnance in she face . she put down the hairbrush , pick up a long comb . two shot holme voice if it be so , do not you think I would admit it ? the way thing be between we now ? what right have you to always be accuse I ? karen what right ? 17 . they be both tense now . holme be out of the chair and pace . Karen comb she hair spasmodically . holme that again . how long will it be , I wonder , before I be allow to live that down ? after eight year , how many time do I have to tell you it be a Accident ? karen that make it all right , I suppose ! holme I do not say that . I know what it 's do to you , but -- karen you know I hate to talk about it ! he move over to she . holm es how many time do I have to tell you I be sorry , about that ? how many time that I have no way of know - he put he hand on she shoulder . Karen shake away , rise face he . karen you have a way of know , dana . I want to go to bed . please get out of my bedroom . holme look at she sullenly , then exit to adjoin room , close the door behind he . there be a moment of silence , then a sharp snap as Karen break the comb in two . dissolve to : int . dayroom - night medium shot warden the room be fairly well fill with soldier . the click of pool ball be hear over shot . warden be read a newspaper .. a column head , conspicuous in shot , read : jap advance in china . warden drop the paper on he lap look toward pool table , squinting thoughtfully . full shot at pool table maggio , prew and chief choate , a corporal , be play pool . Choate be a full choctaw indian , a man of great bulk and tolerance . he speak in a tremendously deep bass voice . the 18 . table on one side be surround by the prizefighter of G company . they be Ire galovitch , a ape-like , bent -kneed man weigh about two twenty , with a widow 's peak almost to he eyebrow ; baldy dhom , chunky and tough , he head as bald as a orange ; turp thornhill , a stringy , chinless mississipian ; henderson , a tall , hard Texan ; champ wilson , wiry and good - look . they be all sergeant except Wilson , who be a corporal . the man have be heckling prew and be watch with cold belligerence . Choate , bend over he cue , shoot and miss . choate I be coldern a Idaho winter tonight . prew shoot , make a brilliant shot . maggio man , what I would not give to have this character in the corner poolroom in my home town : I would dress he up on overhall and a straw hat and put a grass in he tooth , and I would make a whole mint of ghelt off he ! Choate laugh deeply . prew size up a new shot . wilson we would of win last year if we have a good middleweight . you box as good as you use to over at shatter we be a cinch this year . prew do not respond . he bend over he cue again . thornhill you be not forget the division champ get ten day furlough , do you , son ? ey ? galovitch you no talk now , prewitt . but out in field with we you sing different song . a do not think you be tough guy . quickest way to stockade be be tough guy . henderson you hear he . better think it over . 19 . maggio lissen , it 's he right not to fight if he do not want . without bein kick around . now , we playin pool . why not you take off ? dhom you want a bust head , maggio ? maggio ( seriously ) no. dhom then keep you big nose out altogether . ( turn back to prew ) trainin season start next week -- prew have be grow more and more agitate , as much by a inner turmoil as by the man . his control snap suddenly . prew I tell you I quit fightin ! I be through ! a that 's all she write : you guy want to put the screw on , go ahead . I can take anything you hand out ! dhom okay , prewitt . no halt bar . the five man move off , file out of the dayroom . medium close shot warden his paper still on he lap . he have be watch . he wear a faint smile of respect . medium shot phew , maggio , choate prew chalk he cue , hand tremble , turn to maggio . prew thanks . maggio I just hate to see a good man get it in the gut . 20 . choate you might as well get use to it , kid . you probly be seein it often before you die . dissolve to : int . squad room - night medium shot prew and choate in b.g. a few of the man be move to and from the latrine but most of they be in they bunk . over shot the sound of a bugle blow tattoo be hear . light be be extinguish in various part of the room . prew and Choate be lie on adjoin bunk , smoking . Choate 's voice be almost link to he last speech of precede scene . cho eat . oh , sure , we get a few bad non - com and we get dynamite holme for a Captain . but I be around twenty year in this Army . they even up . in bear g. warden and sergeant pete ( pop ) karelsen come through from the latrine . the latter be a grizzle , crumble dog - face , about fifty . choate take a compny . they get the best compny Commander I ever see . but they topkick -- he be not no warden . warden stop beside prew and karelsen move on , go in toa small room off the main squadroom . warden 's big , powerful body be cover only by a towel around he loin . he smile at prew . warden hello , kid . everythin nice and comfy ? prew never better . warden ' at 's the lull before the storm , kid . set yourself . he move off , go into the room he share with karelsen . 21 . prew what 's the deal with he , anyway ? I can not figure he . the light be almost all off and activity in the room have end . choate the warden ? he 's a wild man . he be in the 15th when they see they action in the settlement in shanghai . I hear about it down in the philippes even . he get himself a dsc and a purple heart out of it but you would never know it if I dint tell you . this next war come warden will be right in there standin up on the skyline , trio to get himself kill , but nothing will ever touch he . he will come through maddern , wildern , craziern ever . all I know be he 's the best soljer I ever see ... the light be all out now and the room be in darkness . fade out . fade in : ext . road - day trucking shot platoon of men carry rifle , march at attention . prew be feature in shot ; a light smile of pleasure as he move along . Choate , bring up the rear , be sing the regimental march song in a wonderful basso . dhom march on one side of the platoon , galovitch on the other . dhom call out the " hut . " close shot feet of men marching they be in perfect unison . close trucking shot prew dhom' voice prewitt ! get in step , prewitt prew frown slightly . he hop once , change stride , realize he be now out of step . galovitch 's voice prewitt ! dis a drill , not picnic ! get in step ! 22 . prew hop again , change step . he march along . dhom 's voice command " platoon -- halt ! " prew and man around he come to halt . medium shot platoon dhom prewitt ! step out ! prew step to the front , still smile faintly . dhom you march like a drunk gooney bird ! corpral paluso ! take this man to the track . send he 'round seven lap double - time rifle at high port ! dissolve to : ext . cinder track - day prew run around track , he rifle at high port . he wear a slightly contemptuous smile . corporal paluso sit on the grass infield watch he . dissolve to : ext . field - day medium shot the platoon kneel over they rifle , laid out on shelter halve . prew be feature in shot . his shirt be wet and he be sweat heavily , as if he have just come from the run around the track . Henderson stand in front of the group , instruct . henderson -- rifle 's you beat friend . in case they weapon jam in combat could mean life or death . you get to know them inside out . now I want you to strip they weapon and put it together again . ( hold up stop watch ) go! the man start take they rifle apart as fast as they can . Henderson walk around watch they . medium shot prew and maggio stripping rifle . prew be efficient and brilliantly fast maggio fumble and slow . maggio keep look over at prew , admire he speed . 23 . close shot prew as he strip the rifle . ( this mechanical operation should be interesting to audience ; a good man can field strip the weapon in thirty or forty second . ) prew finish the job and camera move to close on shelter half where all the part be laid out . henderson' voice ' at 's fair time . now lemma see you put it together . prew 's hand start to work over rifle part , put they together . dissolve to : ext . field - day close shot the rifle in prew 's hand , assemble , camera pull back as prew stand up , hold the weapon . the rest of the man be still work over they rifle , maggio be stare up at prew in awe . Henderson grab the rifle from prew , turn he back to he , pretend to squint along barrel . close shot henderson look along barrel . shot feature he thumb as he flip the rear sight to one side . Henderson turn around and angle widen to include prew . he throw the rifle at prew , who catch it , staggering back . henderson you rear sight 's way off ! you would be fifty foot off you target at three hundred yard ! ( to other , mockingly ) that 's what come when a soljer do not know how to assemble a rifle . ( to prew ) you better get down to the track and carry it around a few time . maybe that 's 1l teach you ... dissolve to : ext . cinder track - day medium shot prew run around track to sun , rifle hold before he . the smile be fainter but still there . dissolve to : 24 . ext . field - day group shot bayonet practice the platoon be divide into team of two . thornhill be the instructor . this be actual hand - to-hand training . prew wield he rifle , bayonet fix , in expert thrust . maggio be fight in next lane . thornhill walk behind prew , trip he quickly as he pass . prew fall off balance . his opponent smashes he rifle against prew 's , knock it to the ground . prew whirl on thornhill in protest . thornhill Wide open , ey , prewitt ? maybe seven lap 'il teach you to watch yourself ... maggio , wield he rifle madly , yell over . maggio hey , I see that -- I see what you pull -- dissolve to : ext . cinder track - day medium shot prew and maggio toil around track together , hold rifle . dissolve to : ext . company STREET - day trucking shot outside supply room maggio and prew trudge wearily along the porch , rifle on shoulder . they sweaty uniform be plaster to they body . maggio I use to think a shipping clerk be a dog 's life . ( sigh , shake head ) what I would not give to be back in gimbel 's basement ! as they come up to the supply room , warden , neat and cool , be lean on the counter . he step aside to let they pass beam at prew . warden Chow 's almost over , man . better hurry up and wash . ' less of course you would rather go in the way you be . 25 . maggio give warden a dirty look . prew 's expression be noncommittal . they carry they rifle into the supply room . leva come up to the door as warden turn to go back to the orderly room . as he do , Karen 's convertible come down the street . warden stop , watch it . long shot from warden' Pov as Karen drive by , turn she head slightly toward warden . there be the vaguest trace of i smile . medium close shot featuring warden as he turn to watch the depart car . leva I be tellin you , top , she 's trouble . you better keep you mind off what you be thinkin . camera move to close shot of warden , still look after the car , think . dissolve to : int . captain office - day medium shot warden and holme it be a gloomy , rainy day and the light be on in the office . warden be at he desk , work . holme be buckle on he trench coat . he wear a happy smile . holme I will not be back in time to take retreat . ( wink at warden ) or reveille either , probably . warden yes , sir . holme ( stride back and forth ; jovially ) all work and no play , sergeant . all you do be sit around sweat over this paper and that . there be other thing in this world beside work . warden carry some official papers to holme ' desk . holme ( bend over , tie shoelace ) ( more ) 26 . holme ( cont would ) you ought to get out more yourself , warden . warden be look directly at the picture of Karen on holme ' desk . warden I have be consider it . he turn aside as holme straighten up . holme well , I be go . he clap warden on the back fraternally . holme I be leave it in you care , sergeant . warden it will be here when you get back . holme go out . warden turn back to holme ' desk . he be still hold the papers in one hand . he look at Karen 's picture , pick it up with he other hand , squint at it , consider the chance very , very carefully . dissolve to : ext . back porch of holme ' house - day medium close shot warden stand on the open porch , in the rain . he wear a GI raincoat . he be squinting at the door with the same expression he use look at Karen 's picture . he take a deep breath as if he be go off a high diving board , then knock briskly . a shadow move across the room behind the curtain . then Karen open the door . she be in short and a blouse . karen oh . if it be not sergeant warden . you better step inside or you will get wet . warden open the screen door and jump in past the water run off the eave . int . SMALL pantry off kitchen - day medium shot as warden jump in . he take off he rain hat 27 . warden I be wet . karen if you be look for my husband , he be not here . warden ( take the long chance ) and if I be not look for he ? karen ( unsmile ) he still be not here . if that do you any good . warden ( quickly ) well , I be look for he . do you know where he be ? karen I have not the slight idea . perhaps he 's in town . I guess it be ' in town 's the way you put it be not it ? or perhaps he 's at the Club . have a drink . warden ( fish in he pocket bring out papers ) I get some papers it 's important for he to sign . today . karen ( turn ) I will try phone he at the Club for you . warden I never like to disturb a man drink . karen ( turn back ) what be it you want , sergeant ? warden I could use a drink myself right now . bad . anyway , I get a faint suspicion the Captain 's ' in town . 's ai not you go to ask I in ? 28 . Karen finally smile , faintly . she go into the kitchen leave the door open . warden follow she . int . kitchen holme house - day medium shot the kitchen be small and undistinguished . Karen take a whisky bottle from a cabinet , pour a straight , stiff drink put it on the sink . warden put the papers down and drink . Karen sit on a high kitchen stool . karen you be take a awful chance , you know . my may be liable to be home any time . warden no she will not . Thursday 's she day off . he take off he raincoat , drop it on a chair . karen you think of everything , do not you sergeant ? warden I try . in my position you have to . karen ( go to sink , pick up the papers ) be this really important ? warden yes . but not important they get sign today . tomorrow 's okay . Karen suddenly , deliberately , rip the papers in half . then she tear they into bit and throw they into the wastebasket . warden appreciate the gesture , relax for the first time . he grin widely . warden I get carbon of that back at the office . so it will not be much work to fix they up . warden 's control have begin to affect Karen 's now . she be lose she poise . 29 . karen that 's what I like about you sergeant . you have confidence . it 's also what I dislike about you . warden it 's not confidence . it 's honesty . karen honesty ? how do you acquire such a old - fashioned virtue ? warden I figgered out one day it be the shortest distance between two point . karen well , he 's clever as well as virile . warden no -- it 's just that I hate to see a beautiful woman goin all to waste . he move close to Karen , be on the verge of embrace she greatly tempt but greatly disturb , she turn away . during next she pour herself a drink , the bottle shaking in she hand . her tone be no longer brittle . it be bitter . karen waste , do you say ? now that 's a subject I might tell you something about . there 's we . and then there 's waste . positive and negative . the negative be sometimes more interesting ... more evil . for example -- what about the house without a child ? tell I you thought , sergeant . warden you be go to cry . karen not if I can help it . warden please do not cry ... I can not stand to see somebody cry . 30 . Karen turn to face he as he pick up he raincoat , be about to put it on . karen what be you do ? warden I be leave . be not that what you want ? karen ( slowly ) I do not know , sergeant . to be honest , I do not know . they stare squarely at each other , both puzzle and a little afraid of they emotion . this be something neither have count on . warden I know a beach near diamond head . nobody ever go there . the car on the highway pass above and they never know it 's there . you feel like you use to feel when you be a kid , hide by yourself ina cave , watch the other hunt you . Karen turn , go to the sink , put the whisky bottle back in the cabinet . karen maybe ... why not ? warden how about payday ? Karen be try hard to regain she glassy composure . she be unsmile again . karen you do not have to spend money on I , sergeant . warden I just like to have some on I when I take out a woman . can you get away ? karen maybe . 31 . warden grin as he put on he raincoat . he go to the door to the pantry , pause there . warden I will be in kuhio Park . say , nine o'clock . payday . Karen lean back against the sink , watch he go out to the pantry . a moment later the sound of the door be hear as he leave the house . she turn on the faucet , start to rinse , the glass they have use . suddenly she turn the faucet on full force , watch it pound into the sink . fade out . fade in : ext . quadrangle - day medium shot holme galovitch thornhill wilson dhom henderson the man be group around holme . he be press hard to pretend equanimity . the sergeant appear somewhat baffle but determine . holme -- this man prewitt 's be here over a month now . I expect you mend have he around before this . henderson we have be runnin he pretty hard . but he do not faze . holme maybe he need a good dose of the treatment . the man react to the phrase ; the treatment be obviously reserve for very special , intractable case . they consider it silently for a moment or two . galovitch a double dose need he to be give . thornhill ( nod ) the treatment 's 1l1 bring that puppy boy around ... holme you understand . I do not want any rough stuff . ( more ) 32 . holme ( cont would ) but we all know good athlete make good leader . and good leader -- the music of the forthcoming montage drown holme ' word as he continue . dissolve to : effect montage the montage consist of a continuous stream of superimposure depict prew 's grow humiliation and exhaustion at the hand of the non-corn . mingling with the background shot be various angle of closeup of prew . as the speed of the sequence increase , the stubborn smile on he face give way to hurt , bitterness , anger ... over shot we occasionally hear stray shout of the non-corn as they belabor prew , but for the most part this and other dialogue be obliterate by music . the montage can be select and create from the follow : flash additional angle of preceding training sequence flash additional training situation -- e.g. firing range , patrol exercise , grenade practice ( if need ) in all of which prew excel . flash galovitch wilson dhom thornhill henderson riding prew , mock he , grin at he , thumbing he to the track , etc . feature be galovitch , who take particular Joy in bait prew . flash prew run around track , staggering despite a tremendous effort not to show he fatigue . obstacle course with the platoon go through , crouch low , live ammunition spattering around they . prew , nearest camera , be lower than any man in the line . over shot we hear a snatch of Wilson 's Voice yell at prew to get lower . close flash wilson and prew Wilson bawling prew out , thumbing he to one side of obstacle course . flash prew chin himself on bar setup near obstacle course ; he be near physical exhaustion . obstacle course prew go through alone , on he belly in deep mud . closeup prew ( culmination of superimposed closeup and end of montage ) 33 . come head - on into camera as he belly through the mud of the obstacle course . snatch of mingle voice of non - com yell " keep it downs " , '' get that nose in the mud ! '' , etc . prew be utterly spend . his face drop into the mud , which splatter up , obscure the screen . dissolve to : int . kitchen - day close shot swirling dishwater in sink medium shot prew bent over the sink , scraping , wash and rinsing cooking pan and mixing basin . he hang the soap bucket on the hot faucet and turn it on full force . as he do , private willard , a fat , whining cook , dump a additional huge pile of pan before he . prew look at they ruefully . willard say something to he with a " hustle up " gesture . the faucet drown the word . medium shot another part of kitchen prew at sink in b.g . Men be work in the steady , helpless motion of the kp . waiter swing in and out of the entrance lead to the mess hall , carry large trays . medium close shot sergeant stark the Mesa sergeant , a tall , gaunt man , survey the scene possessively . maggio , dining room orderly today , wear a soile white coat , flash by to the mess hall , almost drop he load tray in he haste . medium shot private treadwell a slow , lazy , heavy man , peel potato . there be a large kettle fill with dirty water in front of he in which the potato be float . treadwell stab at one with a long fork , miss it . he stab again , almost in slow motion , miss again . he see Stark glower over he . treadwell ah +m suppose to be a automatic rifle man , not a spud-cutter . stark ( disgustedly ) rifle man , huh ? all somebody have have to do would be holler war at you and it would be over the hill and far away . Stark walk off . 34 . treadwell ... they just give I my chance they will see ... he be surprised and pleased as he spear a potato this time . he raise it triumphantly like a catch fish . medium shot prew and willard the faucet be still on and we cannot hear what willard say as he dump more pan before prew . however , he be obviously complain that prew be slow . prew , sweat and angry , bark something back at he and turn the faucet off . prew no cook ever use that many panel not even for a officer , banquet , lady invite ! want I to grow couple more arm ?! Stark , always alert to trouble , come into shot . willard see he and speak with whining dignity , for Stark 's benefit . willard all I ask be that you keep the pan wash up so they be clean when I need they . in order that I be allow to cook the kind of food require for man who work hard all day and who need good nourishing food to get they nourishment . stark hole up nat noise . this man 's hot as a forty - five shootin downhill . willard ( terribly injure ) how you think I can do my job if the mess sergeant take side with a goldbrick kp ? what do you think I be ? stark I think you be a fat cook who can not cook . as willard retire , maggio pour through from the mass hall . scream joyously , he shove two empty platter in front of he . maggio comin through ! comin through ! I and my table waiter ! ( more ) 35 . maggio ( cont would ) we workin we tail off . they runnin we to death . hot stuff ! comin through hot stuff one side ! nobody pay any attention but prew , who smile at he . maggio wink back . maggio hello , prew ! bettern be threwn in jail , be not it ? maggio pass camera , leave the shot and disclose warden who have enter from the mess hall in he wake . he carry a dish of egg and sausage and be lean against a pastry table . he be grin lovingly toward prew . he stroll over to prew . he eat through follow . the smile never leave he face , broaden as the scene progress . warden you look awful tard , kid . close shot prew work over the sink . warden' voice how do you like straight duty ?. life in a rifle compny , eh ? prew stop work , turn toward warden . prew what make you think I mind it ? medium shot featuring kp's , stark , maggio , willard , treadwell as something electric transmit itself and they all stop what they be do to look over toward prew and warden . warden I do not say you minded it , kid . I just say you look tard . drawn to a fine edge . prew ( smile back ) I do not mind it , top . it 's a great life , this . I find a pearl , I will cut you in . fifty -fifty , if you have not put I here , I would not have have no chance to find it . two shot warden and prew 36 . warden well , well , there 's a man for you . I will see if I can fix you up with a lot more since you like it so much . how you like the garbage detail ? prew thanks , top , I have have it . you give it to I Tuesday . remember ? warden ( nod , as if just remember ) well , then , how ' bout street clean detail ? prew that , too . yesterday . warden ( nod ) you get a better memory than I . guess the best thing to do be leave you right in the kitchen a while , huh ? he pretend to turn away , then stop , turn back warden course if you be a ath -a- leet you would not have to pull kp . or any fatigue duty for that matter ... prew ( not smile now ) if you think you can push I into fightin , warden , you be wrong . not you and dynamite and the treatment . I be twice the man you be . if you dint have they stripe I would take you out on the green and beat you toa pulp . warden ( smile grow bigger ) do not let the stripe worry you , kid . I can always take my shirt off . take it off right now . prew you would like that . you could get I a year in the stockade for that one , could not you ? 37 . close shot prew's hand close around a heavy mug in the sink . medium close shot prew and warden warden look at prew 's hand . warden 's grin broaden with something more than sarcasm . he be ' impressed and pleased by prew 's honest anger . warden do not throw it , prewitt . it might break on my head . and that would cost you one thin dime next payday . warden deliberately turn he back and walk off . prew look after he . camera move in to feature he hand on the mug . he grasp it tighter , then let it fall back into the soapy water , dissolve to : ext . quadrangle - day close shot private friday clark he be blow the bugle , sounding pay call . the ray of a blind sun flash on its shiny surface . int . mess hall - day medium shot the bugle be hear over shot . a line of spruce - up man stretch through the mess hall . a blanket be spread over a table and behind it sit holme , flanke by warden and mazzioli . in front of holme be a pile of greenback and a cigar box fill with silver . he be pay out the man at the head of the line . holme -- and just see you do not drink all this up in one place . the man smile , appreciate the whimsy , salute , move off . warden prewitt . prew , next in line , step up to the table . prew Robert E. Lee , RA 345071 . he be crisp , sharp , expressionless . he hold out he hand for fingernail inspection . 38 . holme look they over , then up at the perfect knot in he tie . he stare at prew as if try to fathom he . holme have you give any think to the box team recently , prewitt ? prew ( tonelessly ) I feel the same way , sir . holme 's hand clench . he seem about to fly into a rage when he sense a motion at he side . he turn to see warden look straight at he . warden 's face have the same meaningfully expressionless look as prew 's . holme wilt before it , turn to mazzioli . holme what 's this man 's pay ? mazzioli ( read from payroll ) private prewitt , thirty dollar base pay . deduction - laundry , insurance , px check . camera move in to close shot of holme # hand lay money out on blanket . mazzioli's voice total due twelve dollar thirty cent . dissolve to : ext . river STREET , honolulu - night full shot payday night . a gay , noisy jamboree . Soldiers , mostly in civilian clothes , and uniform sailor swarm down the street . taxi driver argue with they fare as they pull up at bar . filipinos pad in twos and three . dissolve to : ext . new congress club - night medium shot at entrance maggio and prew , dress in slack and aloha shirt , stand in front of what look like a renovate residence . they give evidence of have already accomplish a little substantial drink . the sound of loud piano play be hear from within . a sign over the door read : new congress club - soft drink - dancing - recreation - member only . the door open 39 . and mrs . kipfer stand at the threshold . she be a sophisticated - look woman with upswept hair , wear a evening gown with a corsage of orchid . the piano music , louder with the open of the door , continue through all of the follow . the pianist be hammer out " I do not want to set the World on Fire " ( or a similar hit of 1941 ) maggio greeting , Mrs. kipfer . mrs . kipper ( cordially ) why , it 's angelo maggio . he barge past she through the door . Mrs. kipfer frown and follow he . prew shrug and go in after she . int . vestibule new congress club - night medium shot as prew enter behind Mrs. kipfer . the vestibule have a old South feel of mustiness and respectability . maggio be hand some bill to annette , a young , brash - look girl , who sit behind a reception desk . maggio okay ... so there y'are . due all pay up . who ya get playin the piana -- a hippo ? mrs . kipper angelo , I do not believe I have meet you friend . and you know how I hate to find you boy in this condition ... maggio there . you see . any time woman see a soldier , think he 's drunk . why ? you know why ? prew because he be . mrs . kipper heavy drink simply do not mix with the entertainment business . every respectable place must consider its future . prew Mrs. kipfer , mar 'am , I give you my solemn word you future will be safe with we . 40 . maggio nod vigorously in agreement , then push through the heavy curtain which separate the vestibule from the room beyond . Mrs. kipfer look after he a little unhappily . mrs . kipper angelo be one of my favorite . annette , dear , take care of this gentleman , will you , please ? Mrs. kipfer exit through the curtain . annette take a card from file , pick up pen . annette it will be eight buck , babyface . four for initiation fee , four for April due . prew say , what do I get for it ? annette ( rattling it off ) member be entitle to all privilege of the club which include dance , snack bar , soft drink bar , and gentlemanly relaxation with the opposite gender so long as they be gentleman and no hard liquor be permit . ( take a breath ) get it ? prew grin , dig in he pocket for money . prew I get it . int . new congress club - large club room - night full shot several room branch off from this main one . there be about a dozen soldier in civilian clothes -- and about a dozen hostess . several couple be dance . the man at the piano be bang away , he music clash cacophonically with a jukebox record from a adjoin room . camera pan as Mrs. kipfer move to and for encourage the man to enjoy themselves . the New Congress be a sort of primitive u.s.0 . , a place of well - wear merriment . it be not a house of prostitution but the girl look available for goose ... all but one we see at the end of the pan . she sit alone ona couch . this be lorene . there be a innocent , child - like look about she . her hair be do demurely in a circular roll low on she neck . she be about twenty - four . she be read a 41 . Magazine , untouched by the din around she . medium close shot sergeant " fatso " judson pound the piano as if he be try to knock the key out he have a enormous head and a hogshead chest . he resemble porky pig . his dead eye look like two bead of caviar space far apart on a great white plate . medium shot near curtain to vestibule maggio be attempt some serious dance with sandra , a very tall girl . fatso 's furious tempo and tune keep drown the langorous tango come from the jukebox . maggio keep switch he style as he try to get out of the range of the piano but cannot . he be very annoyed . he and Sandra dance out of shot , as prew and annette enter from the vestibule . camera pan they to a trio of girl on a couch . annette ... Girls , here 's some new poison . this be billy and Jean and Nancy . the girl smile , ad -1lib hellos . prew be look over the girl ' head at someone in rear of room out of shot . medium shot lorene from prew's Pov as if she sense someone be stare at she , she look up from the magazine , smile serenely across the room . medium shot featuring prew and annette as she react sourly to prew 's reaction to lorene . he seem transfix . annette do not tell I the princess be you style . annette take he arm , move he toward two quite good - look girl talk to a soldier . annette meet Suzanne and roxanne . the girl greet he heartily but prew be look back over he shoulder at lorene . annette pluck he sleeve with haughty disdain . annette much as I adore you company , you must allow I to tear myself away . I see a few friend at the door ( snap ) also I can see I will be of no use to you much . 42 . she walk off . the other girl resume talk to the soldier prew continue to gaze across the room . medium close shot lorene smile back . her head tilt up slowly as if someone be come toward she . prew come into shot and stand before she , tongue-ty . she pat the couch . her voice be low - pitch , poise . lorene would you like to sit down ? prew ( sit ) oh ... sure . lorene I be lorene . prew ( enchant by the name ) lorene ... lorene I have not see you in here before . prew gesture with the membership card . prew I dint know about this place till now . a friend of mine bring I . we be station at schofield . lorene oh. somehow I do not think you be a soldier . prew ( bridle a bit ) well , I be . and I be in for the whole ride . I be a thirty - year man . lorene I suppose it 's different when a fellow be go to make a career of it . prew there be not anythin wrong with a soljer that be not wrong with everyone else . lorene smile she fatal smile at prew 's seriousness . 43 . lorene I like you just the same . I like you the minute I see annette bring you in . prew ( melt ) I , too . I mean when I come in . I see you over here -- there be a commotion across the room . a group of man and girl be surround the piano . fatso have stop play and a shouting argument be go on between he and maggio . prew look over , concerned . fatso' voice I will play loud as I want , ya little wop ! a babble of voice drown out maggio 's reply . prew friend of mine . ( rise ) you wait right here for I , will ya ? lorene ( smile sweetly ) surely . medium shot at piano where two man be hold fatso and three girl be restrain maggio . the other be amused by the quarrel , but fatso and maggio be deadly serious . maggio mess with I , fatstuff , I will pull you apart ! fatso you be the kind of character I eat for breakfast , ya little -- maggio break away from the girl and rush toward patso but prew , step through the group , grab he . Mrs. kipfer bustles into the melee . mrs . kipfer now , you gentleman know I will not have any of this sort of thing . 44 . maggio shut up , you wop , he say to I ! fatso Little mussolini here tryin to tell I what way to play the piano . maggio yeah , my ear drum fit to bust already with that noise ! mrs . kipfer you man can simply leave if you be not go to behave yourselves . prew come on , angelo , come on -- maggio -- ony my friend can call I wop -- medium shot at side of room where prew haul maggio away from the piano . soldier ( have be watch ) you know who that guy be , buddy ? maggio sure , I know who he be . whadda I care ? prew who be he ? soldier fatso judson . sergeant of the Guard at the Post stockade . medium close shot fatso judson settling down at the piano again . he glance over in direction of maggio with a mean smile . then he start to hammer the key viciously . medium shot maggio pew soldier as the music start , maggio stiffen , turn as if to go back . prew hold tight , to he arm . soldier -- I be tellin you , leave he be . net danger . I see he nearly murder a guy once . he like it . 45 . Sandra come over , disengage prew 's arm from maggio 's , put she own around he . sandra all right , bully boy , now you win the war , let 's dance . maggio ( beginning to quiet down ) first I get to calm my nerve . come on with I to a phone booth or some thin . ( slap himself on belly ) where I will unveil this fifth of whisky I get under this loose flow sport shirt . he and Sandra start off toward a adjoin room . prew smile , turn back toward lorene . the smile fade . medium shot from prew 's Pov lorene be look at another soldier , on the couch beside she , with she rapt , innocent expression . tracking shot prew as he cross room to lorene , hurt and disappointed . camera hold on medium shot as he come up to she and the soldier , a talkative man name bill . bill -- you go along as fast as forty mile per through that surf and you balance have get to be letter perfect . prew hey , I think you be gonna wait . lorene ( look up , smile ) Bill here be tell I about surfboard . bill hello , friend . lorene ( pat couch ) sit down and just listen . he describe it thrillingly . prew sit down , disgruntled . Bill note he expression . 46 . bill you know anything about surfboard ? prew no. nothing . not a thing . bill you must be station inland then . I be at derussey so I get lot of chance . prew yeah ? but then we get mountain . you know anything about mountain climb ? bill a little bit . be you a mountain climber ? prew no . you know anything about fly a airplane ? lorene be frown now . bill I have have a few lesson . prew well , I can not fly either . what do you know about deep sea diving ? lorene do you want to move into another room , Bill ? bill sure . the air in here seem to have get very smelly , have not it ? prew yeah , I notice that , too -- bill listen , fellow -- lorene shall we go , then ? 47 . she and Bill rise . she smile tremulously at he as she take he arm and they start off . she throw a severe glance over she shoulder at prew . medium close shot prew he settles lower in the couch , the picture of frustration and hopelessness . he pull a cigarette from he pocket and light it . ext . kuhio park - night medium shot park bench Karen sit on the bench , she ankle cross primly , very ill at ease . there be payday activity here also ; amorous strolling couple ; man in one and twos look for pickup . several unattach man pass Karen , ogle she . she be about to get up and leave when warden come into shot , stand over she . his civilian suit be neat and well - cut . both be strain , awkward , antagonistic . now that the step have be take they be not at all sure it be a clever one . karen why , hello . I do not think you be come . warden why not ? I be not late . karen no , I guess you be not . but then I come a little early . I must have be overanxious . you be not overanxious though , be you ? you get here right on the dot . warden maybe I would of be early too only I stop to get a drink . karen you certainly choose a savory spot for we meeting . warden would you rather it would be the cocktail lounge of the Royal ? karen no , but I have have five chance to be pick up in the last few minute . 48 . warden ( sit beside she on the bench ) that 's par for the course around here . karen well , I do not care for it . I never go in much for back - alley loving . warden do not you ? karen you probably think I be a tramp do not you ? warden what make you think I would think that ? karen do not try to be gallant , sergeant if you think this be a mistake , come right out and say so . warden ( outrage ) listen , what start all this anyway ? why be I shakin inside like a school kid out with teacher where would I come up with a yen for of all thing the compny Commander 's wife ! and she actin like Lady astor 's horse all because I only get here on time ! warden 's burst shatter the tension . Karen break into laughter . after a moment , warden join in . karen on the other hand , I have get a bathing suit under my dress . warden funny . I get one in a U - drive - it park around the corner . he take she hand . they rise and walk away , back to camera . they merge with the other couple in the little park . int . large club room - new congress - night 49 . medium shot couch fatso 's piano music o.s . prew be slump on the couch . he stub out the cigarette , which be almost burnt down . he see someone come toward he , slowly raise he eye . lorene come into shot , look down at he . prew how 's the surfboard rider ? lorene that be a terrible way to have act . what you do . prew I be jealous . lorene ( laugh ) you be a funny one . prew what do you dame want ? to take the heart out of a man and tie it up in barb wire ? lorene ( angry because she really like prew ) now , look here , what do you think Mrs. kipfer pay we for ? we be hire to be nice to all the boy . they be all alike . be it so important ? prew ( stand ; urgently ) yes , it 's important . maybe we seem all alike but none of we be ever all alike . ( pause ) all right , I be sorry about before . lorene ( touch by he outburst ) that piano be about to drive I out of my mind . let 's go up to Mrs. kipfer 's suite and sit there . she let we use it sometimes ... for somebody special . prew be you mad ? 50 . lorene no , I be not mad . prew because if you be still mad I would just rather we call the whole thing off . lorene ( take he arm ) you certainly be a funny one . they walk away from camera , merge with the other in - the room . dissolve to : ext . ocean and beach - night full shot wave sweeping over camera , spray fly . medium shot on beach a tiny beach set among rock . the pale sand glow in the moonlight . warden , in a bathing suit , be lighting a fire about ten yard from the water 's edge . Karen be just step out of she dress ; she bathing suit be underneath . a couple of GI blanket near the fire . her tooth be beginning to chatter in the chill of the night air ; she raise she arm to the sky longingly , happily . karen I hope the ocean 's ice cold . I hope I freeze in a solid chunk . warden ( sudden , intense laugh ) just so long 's you melt afterwards . karen I love the way you laugh . he stand , move to she . she laugh , turn and run into the water . he run after she . full shot wave near shore , as Karen dive into it . warden follow she . the wave wash over they . int . new congress club - mrs . kipfer' live room - night 51 . medium shot divan camera angle so we see only back of the divan . we hear soft chuckle from prew and lorene o.s. , then silence for several moment . camera move as we hear a few more low , intimate laugh , then prew and lorene be disclose on the couch they head close together as if they have just kiss pleasantly but not passionately . Mrs. kipfer 's live room be on the order of the vestibule ; it , too , have a fade lavender feel . a door lead to another room be half open in b.g . a door lead to a hall be close . prew 's arm be around lorene 's shoulder ; he be very relaxed , regards she with something like wonder . lorene be mellower , too , make no effort now to be " the princess . " she speak as if resume a conversation . lorene I enlist , too . I come out here on my own . to get away from my home town . in Oregon . prew how come ? lorene I have a boy friend . I be a waitress . he be from the richest family in town . he just marry the girl suitable for he position . after three year of go around with I . ( pause ) it 's a pretty story , be not it ? maybe they could make a movie of it . prew they do . ten thousand of they . another angle lorene smile . lorene so I leave and go to Seattle , asa waitress . and I meet a girl just back from Hawaii . she say she would make a lot of money work for Mrs. kipfer . I catch the first boat . I have be here a year and two month . prew you like it much ? 52 . lorene oh , I do not like it . but I do not mind it . anyway , I will not be here forever . prew no. sure not . I mean , why should you ? lorene I have it all figure out . in another year I will be back home , with a pile of bill big enough to choke a steer . and then I will be all set for life -- there be a sound at the door and they turn towards it . medium shot door to hall as it open slowly and a disembody arm poke through , its hand grip the neck of a whisky bottle . after a moment , maggio 's head follow the arm through the door . he be grin like a amateur conspirator . maggio I dint hear no sound of combat . so I figgered maybe you would like a drink . three shot as maggio come into the room . maggio or otherwise old Sandra would of drank it all by herself . she 's a fine girl . but she drink like a fish . there be glass on a cupboard near the divan . maggio set three of they up , start to pour whisky into they . lorene no , thanks . I never drink much . maggio stop short of the third glass . he take a big gulp from the first . lorene I think it ' a a weakness . maggio ( another gulp ) I grant you that . 53 . lorene and I do not like weakness . ( to prew ) ) do you ? prew no . I do not like weakness . ( rise , take a drink ) but I like to drink . he come back to the divan . lorene with you it 's not a weakness . with you it 's more like a virtue . maggio that sound like a very profound remark . maybe that 's why I do not get it . lorene ( snuggle to prew ) well , it 's so . maggio hey ! what you gonna do , marry this guy ? Way you grinnin at he you look like he wife ! prew get outa here ! maggio ( pick up bottle ) okay . back to old long - legge Sandra . I love them tall . acre and acre . he go out , close door behind he . suddenly the door open again and maggio pop back in . he put the whisky bottle ona table next to the door . maggio enjoy yourself , pizon . you need it more than I . you be back with the treatment tomorrow . he pop out again , the door close after he . prew 's gaiety dim with the reference to the treatment . lorene see this . prew rise , go to whisky bottle . 54 . prew that be nice before . the way you snuggle up . in front of he . lorene what 's he mean , the treatment ? prew do not answer . he pour a drink , gulp it . lorene what do he mean ? prew some of the guy puttin I over the jump because I will not fight . lorene fight ? prew on the box team . I do not want to fight ! I do not want to talk about it ! I do not want to think about it . and they make I think about it . every day . he drop down on the divan beside she . prew it 's a personal thing ... his dread of tell the tale crumble before he overwhelming need to tell it , to have someone understand . prew over at Port shafter ... I use to fight ... middleweight . I be pretty good . I use to work out with Dixie Wells . he be a light -heavy , but he be fast ... and good . he love box . he be gonna come out of the Army and go right into the upper bracket ... people on the outside have they eye on he . ( rise , pace ) Dixie do not want , to use the six ounce glove this time . and we neither of we wear headgear , anyway . I be set flat on my foot when I catch Dixie wide with this no more than ordinary solid cross . Dixie just happen to be stand solid , too . ( more ) 55 . prew ( cont would ) ( sit on chair ) from the way he fall I know . Dead weight , square on he face . he dint roll over . he be in a coma a week . then he finally come out of it . the only thing be that he be blind ... ( rise , pace ) I go up to the hospital to see he . twice . then I could not go back . we get to talk about fight the second time . and Dixie cry ... seein tear comin out of that eye that could not see ... there be tear on prew 's face . he turn away from lorene . another angle shoot from behind prew lorene , very move , go to he , stand behind he , put she hand on he shoulder . prew do not turn but he hand grasp hers . camera move to close shot of the hand . ext . ocean and beach - night medium shot near shore a wave sweep by camera , Karen and warden riding it into shore . camera pan with they as they walk out of the water , hand in hand . they stop at edge , as if by a mutual impulse . he swing she to he and kiss she . closeup as they kiss . the embrace be impassion . when they lip separate , they arm remain around each other , hold tight to something they find be more than sex alone . extreme closeup as Karen and warden kiss again , a tenderness in he not see before and which he normally take great pain to hide . medium close shot as they lip separate again . karen nobody ever kiss I that way ... not really ... they be both disquieted by the quality of they reaction to the kiss . the jump to banter be a quick defense . warden nobody ? camera move with they as they walk to the fire . Karen smile at he . 56 . karen no. nobody . warden not even one ? out of all the many man you have be kiss by ? karen well , that will take some figure . how many man do you think there have be ? camera hold as they sit , beside the fire . Karen wrap one of the blanket around she . warden I would not know . can not you even make I a rough estimate ? karen not without a add machine . do you have you add machine with you ? warden no , I forget to bring it . karen then I guess you will not find out , will you ? warden maybe I already know . the defense have give way and there be no mirth in the question and answer now . karen what 's the matter ? what be you hint at ? warden why ? be there something to hint at ? karen I do not know . maybe a lot . or maybe you just think there 's a lot . warden maybe I do . maybe there 's be a long line of beach party -- 57 . karen you must be crazy -- ! warden be i? listen , baby , maybe not here . but what about when you and holme be at Fort bliss ? Karen fling off the blanket , snatch she dress , stand up raging . she speak as she pull the dress over she head wriggle into it . karen I have to go and forget you be a man -- with the same rotten filthy mind the rest of they have . for a minute I have to convince myself you be different -- warden only it 's true , be not it ? karen yes , it 's true ! a part of it , some small part of whatever sewage you have be listen to . some day perhaps you will get all the story . warden ( yap up ) all what story ? karen you be get to sound so much like a typical male . so you just sweat it out like a typical male . she start toward the rock at the end of the beach , walk fast , then almost run . warden run after she medium shot beach near path up rock as warden catch up with Karen . he grasp she arm roughly , haul she down onto the sand . he stare at she bitterly , wait for or she to speak . karen all right . I have never tell it to anyone before . but I think now be the time . I will tell you the whole bloody messy thing . you can take it back to the barrack with you . 58 . she speak rapidly , pour it out in burst . for much of the story she face be in shadow , as if a cloud be pass across the moon . karen I would be marry to Captain dana E. holme two year . only he be a first Lieutenant then . back at Fort bliss . we live right on a little lake where we could fish and swim and be alone , we ' dream cottage 's ... I be sure you must be able to picture it . it be off ona back road , four mile from the highway . two mile from a neighbor and a telephone .... ( pause , then rush on ) I have not be marry long when I know my husband be step out on I . but -- you get use to that . you mother tell you that it 's life , that i t happen to a lot of woman . of course , she do not tell you until after it happen . another angle featuring warden reacting with fury toward holme , compassion for Karen . karen then , by that time , you be pregnant . and at least you have something else to hope for . I think I be almost happy that night the pain begin . even though they be week too early , a whole month too early . I remember dana be put on that dapper silk gabardine uniform he use to wear . he be go to a officer 's ' seminar . ' he be kid I about false labor . I do not think it be humorous . I tell he to get home early , to bring the doctor with he . he smile tenderly and tell I about the psychic reaction of woman to pregnancy . but never fear , he would be back early . and maybe he would have ... if the ' seminar ' have not be with the hat - check girl in one of the night club . two shot 59 . warden listen . karen he be only a little drunk when he come in ... at five a.m . he look alarmed when he see I . I guess it be because of my scream . I be lie there on the floor , you see -- no , do not say anything . I be not finish yet . of course , the baby be dead . it be a boy . but they work over I at the hospital and fix I up fine . they even take my appendix out , too . they throw that in free . it be all fine . warden listen . listen . please . karen and , of course , one more thing no more child . do you know what that mean ? you be not a woman . you be not anything . you be a gut shell ... sure , I go out with some of the man after that . a few month of it . I would be make dirty and I want to be clean . you can see that , can not you ?... anyway , I get my revenge on dana . I keep on live with he . warden the hateful , miserable -- karen you hunt so hungrily for love ... love , if you can find it , you think , might give thing meaning again . warden listen listen to I -- karen all right . I be listen . warden shake he head , inarticulate with he rage and love . Karen move closer to he . 60 . karen I know . until I meet you I do not think it be possible , either fade out . fade in : int . dayroom - night pan shot around room over shot soft strumm guitar and two voice sing a quiet blue . there be scattered group , about fifteen man in all -- play pool , ping - pong , read , write letter talk . camera reach private sal anderson and Friday Clark , play the guitar and sing . Clark play only passably , but Anderson be highly accomplish , effortlessly sounding off chord progression in diminish minor . Friday , the bugler , be about twenty - four , with shy , trust eye . Anderson be the same age , also quiet , non -aggressive . camera continue panning , pass a soldier read a newspaper who shake he head and mutter , " ... be not it terrible about Lou gehrig dyin ... " , then move in to hold on a group at a window seat , bull . prew be stretch out wearily , look as if he 's be through another recent dose of the treatment . maggio perches in the frame of the window like a aggressive robin . treadwell slouches at the end of the seat . Pete karelsen be in a chair nearby , read a magazine . treadwell . ah be in the Army because ah can live better on the Inside than on the outside . prew it be not the reason I be in . maggio now he 's gonna give we that snow about bein a thirty - Year man again . prew that 's right . look at karelsen there . only seven year more for rockin chair money . karelsen hear he name , look over . medium shot karelsen camera at angle so we see he 's read a full - page advertisement feature a girl in a revealing negligee . he be feel sorry for he ;elf . 61 . karelsen the profession wear you down though , young man . down thin like a knife what 's be hone and hone . all that good steel just rubbed away ... he turn back sadly to study the figure of the girl . medium shot featuring anderson and clark other in b.g. Anderson peel off a flourish as he and Clark end they song . treadwell man , that 's blue ! where would you drag that one up prom ? anderson ( bashfully ) oh , just stumble on it . he strum aimlessly again . prew and treadwell come over to listen , prop themselves on chair . during follow , several other stroll over and a soldier write at a desk nearby stop , turn to listen . close shot prew warm by the friendliness of the music and the moment . prew they get truckdriver 's blue ... sharecropper 's blue ... bricklayer 's blue ... we oughta have a soljer 's blue ... medium shot group as Anderson repeat a theme he have happen on . it have a haunt melody . clark hey , look ... I betcha we could make one out of what you just play . do that again . Anderson repeat the melody . anderson I could bring it down to a third line major end ... regular twelve bar blue . treadwell I bet I get two hundred blue record back home . ( more ) 62 . treadwell ( cont would ) but there be not one could touch that . and that include Saint Louis . and it could be ours ... the man wear pleased smile , delighted by the idea of possess something quite rare and truly they own . prew flip he cigarette into a can . prew I get it . we call it the ' re- enlistment blue 's ! there be a chorus of approval . prew lookit , we could start it with the guy get discharge . ( reach over to desk ) hey , fella , can I use this ? the soldier at the desk nod , and prew take he pencil and paper . he write down the word of the song as they be compose during follow . prew how 's this ? ' get pay out on Monday ... not a dog soljer no more ... they gimme all that money .... ' he stop , stick . Anderson play the melody and prew sing the word to this point . Friday Clark chime in suddenly . clark ' they gimme all that money ... so much my pocket be sore ... ' they laugh . Anderson sing . prew write furiously . anderson ' more dough than I can use . re - enlistment blue ... ' angle Anderson play a series of chord , then repeat the last two line as the whole group join in . group ' more dough than I can use . re - enlistment blue ... ' dissolve to : 63 . int . gymnasium - day full shot raucous , hammer music sweep away the melancholy blue . on the floor of the gym dhom be punch the bag . in a corner of the raise ring ike galovitch be skip rope . in the center of the ring thornhill and Henderson be sparring . holme hover beside they , issue instruction in a strident voice . medium shot prew he be in fatigue clothes , on he knee , scrubbing the floor . there be a expression of stubborn hate on he face . above he head in the shot be galovitch 's foot jump the rope . in b.g. of shot be Wilson , seat near ring . galovitch 's voice some day you get sense in you dumb head , prewitt , you be up here instead down there ! a fine spray of spit accompany the word and shower over prew but he keep about he work . wilson still makin out you like it , huh ? medium shot in ring there be two water bucket near galovitch . he skip near one of they , kick it . the bucket fall on its side and dirty water spill over the ring and down onto prew . galovitch clean up dis mess , prewitt ! prew get to he foot . galovitch resume skip rope . galovitch and look a life , hurry it up . you on fatigue detail , not vacation . prew climb into the ring , get on he knee , start to swab up the canvas . he be nearly finish when galovitch " accidentally " kick over the second bucket . galovitch clean up , prewitt ! prew suddenly stand , no longer able to contain he rage . he throw he sponge and scrubbing brush on the ring floor prew clean it up yourself ! 64 . galovitch how ? what ! prew you hear I -- rub you own nose in it a while ! galovitch what ! prew start out of the ring . holme intercept he . holme what 's the matter with you , prewitt ? you know better than to talk back to a non-commissioned officer . prew yes , sir . but I have never like be spit at , sir . even by a non - commission officer . holme I think you owe sergeant galovitch a apology . prew ( recklessly ) I do not think I owe he no apology . in fact , I think one 's owed to I . holme ( furious ) sergeant galovitch , take this man to the barrack and have he roll a full field pack , extra shoe helmet and all , and then take a bicycle and hike he up to kole - kole pass and back . and see that he hike all the way . and when he get back , bring he to I . galovitch yes , sirr . prew climb out of the ring , galovitch follow he . dissolve to : ext . road - day long shot 65 . par below in the shot be prew , hike , and galovitch , riding behind he on the bicycle . the dirt road be steep and the sun pour down , steaming hot . moving shot prew and galovitch prew be hunch under the seventy - pound pack as he plod along . he be sweat - soak , puffing , dog -weary . galovitch 's bicycle be just behind he ; he run the wheel up on prew 's heel . galovitch move along . you not half way yet . Three more mile to top . a jeep round a curve a couple of hundred yard above and move down the road . it slow its speed and pull up when it near prew and galovitch . medium shot the jeep be drive by a enlist man . sitting next to he be major general slater . galovitch hop off the bike and he and prew snap to attention . General slater lean out of the vehicle . he seem puzzle and interested by the odd sight of the two man . general slater at ease . where be you man head ? galovitch top of pass , Sir . this man insubordinate . the Captain be teach he lesson . general slater ( frown ) what 's you outfit , sergeant ? galovitch company G , 219th , sir. the General , still frown slightly , nod . he signal he driver to move on . the jeep start down the road . galovitch get on he bicycle . prew start hike again . dissolve to : int . captain office - day medium shot prew and galovitch be stand in front of the Captain 's desk . prew be at attention , the heavy pack on he back ; he face be draw and tired ; he clothes be plaster to he . he have regain he old expressionless look . warden have swing he chair around and be surveying the scene . holme look 66 . prew up and down , half -smile . holme I take it you be ready to apologize to sergeant galovitch now . prew no , sir , I be not . holme ' face set ; he jerk he head toward the window . holme take he back up there again galovitch . he have not have enough yet . galovitch ( nod unhappily , sick of bicycling ) yes , air . prew about - face and go out . galovitch follow . medium close shot featuring warden holme in b.g. warden watch prew go out , then look toward holme whose back be to he . disgust be reflect on he face . medium shot warden and holme holme slam he fist on he desk . holme 1 know that kind of man ! he 's a againster . a bitter-ender . you can not be decent to a man like that . you have to tame he , like a animal ! ( to warden ) warden , I want you to prepare court martial papers . insubordination and insolence to a officer . warden yes , sir . warden swing around to he own desk . he think for several moment , try to sound quite casual . warden too bad you get to lose a middleweight like that ... holme why ? do you see any other way of break he ? 67 . warden I do not know ... but even if he only get three month , he will still be in the stockade when the box final come up . he look over at holme , see he scowling , weaken . warden how about just give he a good stiff compny punishment for now ? holme ponder the situation unhappily , rub he hand over he face , . shake he head as if the whole thing be too much for he . holme all right , all right . but throw the book at he . warden ( pleased but impassive ) yes , sir . dissolve to : int . warden' room off squad rock - night close shot warden shoot into SMALL mirror he be trimming he moustache . warden I be sick of it ! they be not get no right to keep breakin it off in that kid ! sooner later holme be go to hound he right into the stockade ! camera pull back , revealing karelsen across the room , undress tiredly , achingly . warden be sharp and bluster , use karelsen as a escape valve . during follow he go to he footlocker , open it , take out whisky bottle , drink . warden I be through ! I be turnin in my stripe . I mean it , Pete . I could transfer out tomorrow . in grade -- get that ? to half a dozen compny in this regmint ! 68 . karelsen oh , sure . I could be Chief of staff , too , except I can not stand leave all my old buddy . karelsen be naked now except for a bath towel knotted around he middle . he slip he foot into japanese -style , wooden clog , start slowly for the door . warden where you go , Little Sir echo ? karelsen to take my stinkin shower , if the first sergeant 's get no objection . where would you think ? to the movie in this towel ? warden ( grin ) hurry up . let 's go over to choy 's for some beer and tear up all the table and chair . karelsen ( smile , move faster ) okay , okay . dissolve to : int . choy be - night medium close shot old choy a age chinese , at least seventy - five , old choy have a long white beard and wear a black skull cap and a embroider robe . he be motionless , surveying the pandemonium which we hear over shot : the sound of man laugh , talk and shouting blend with jukebox music blast chattanooga , choo choo . young chop , Old choy 's son , pass ; he be thirty , white - aprone , bustling , americanize . camera pan with he , disclosing the small beer-house ; it have unpaint cement wall and a cement floor ; the only thing that might be call decorative be the jukebox . the place be crowded with man from schofield , a raucous assemblage ; everyone be drink beer and the smoke hang in thick layer . at a table near the door sit prew , maggio , Clark , Anderson , treadwell and mazzioli . at a corner table behind a forest of beer bottle and can be warden , Stark , karelsen and Chief Choate . group shot warden' table 69 . stark : China 's the place . you money 's worth ten , twelves time as much . I be gunna ship over soon as my time 's up in this pineapple Army . karelsen ( pinching beer off he nose ) the Canal Zone for I . this girl down there . she be a planter 's daughter , see . she live a very shelter life . a very moral young lady , milt . I take she out toa high class dinner and then dance . it be a great shock to she to learn about life . but she take it well . she get to like I very much after that . warden the last time I hear it you tell it different . karelsen well , what do you expect ? I be in a different mood , then . medium shot prew's table maggio , Anderson and treadwell be compare snapshot from home , spread they out on the table . mazzioli be talk to prew with great earnestness . mazzioli it 's in regulation . you have get a right to complain . you have get a right to take you case to the Inspector General . any soldier have even a plain dogface . prew I know it . I be not complainin to nobody . they be not goin to get the satisfaction of seein I squirm . Clark begin to play the bugle softly along with the jukebox music , noodle a uninspired obligato . maggio ( point to picture ) believe it nor not , this be one soljer who 's get a family -- look fifteen of em . ( more ) 70 . maggio ( cont would ) see that old man with the handlebar ? ( proudly ) Mr. maggio be my father . mazzioli listen , prew . I guess I ought not to tell you but --. warden have not have you on kp much lately , have he ? prew only my reglar turn . mazzioli well -- I be work in the orderly room this afternoon and I hear the Captain tell warden you be to pull kp every weekend from now on . you know what that mean -- you can ' t even go into town -- prew whadda they want ? they do everything , now they look I in a box ! what else they gonna try ? Clark hit a sour note a the bugle . prew ( savagely ) when you gonna learn to play a bugle !? in overwhelming , uncontrollable protest , prew slap the bugle away from Clark 's mouth . in one motion he wipe the mouthpiece on he sleeve , raise it to he lip and blow he own wild , violent obligato to the jukebox music . full shot choy be as prew play on , the bugle 's pure tone peal through the room . everyone put down he beer , stop talk and turn toward prew . close shot warden reacting . he frown , move by the cry behind the music . medium close shot prew's table featuring maggio as he watch and listen , a exultation for he friend nakedly reveal on he face . another angle prew's table featuring prew hitting a almost impossibly high note , he stop as suddenly as he have begin . he have play perhaps fifteen second in 71 . all . he put the bugle down on the table , embarrassed now , the violence go , some of the wrath unload . medium shot at door the room be quiet for several moment , except for the continue jukebox music , which sound pale and thin now . fatso judson stroll in , stand at the door . some of the man see he , but no one greet he . fatso thread he way between table as the room slowly begin to return to normal and the man turn back to they beer . medium shot prew's table as fatso pass . he stop , lean over Anderson 's shoulder to look at the snapshot on the table . he point to one picture , a pretty young girl of about fifteen , pose hollywoodishly in a bathing suit , crack he knuckle loudly . fatso who 's that ? who 's that dame ? maggio ( impassively ) my sister . fatso whistle . he pick up the photograph , stare at it whistle again . fatso whoever ! say , she 's a real good piece of whistle bait ! I would sure like to get my mitt around she he laugh complacently at he own wit , toss the picture on the table , start to move on , maggio rise , pick up the heavy wooden stool he 's be sit on and smashes it down on fatso 's head with all he strength another angle as again the laugh and shouting in the room stop abruptly . fatso reel a little with the terrible blow but do not go down . fatso why , holy -- I you hit meet you hit I ! maggio ( calmly ) you bet you life . ( raise stool ) and about to do it again . 72 . fatso ( still blink from the blow ) what ?! but what for ? that 's no way to fight ! ( reach hand to head , bring away blood ) why , you dirty yellow sneaking -- wop ! you yellow little wop ! if that 's the way you want to play ! with he last sentence , fatso whip out a knife and snap open the blade . the blade be at least five inch long . it glint evilly as he raise it . there be a concerted whisk intake of breath from the room . murder be clear on fat sot face . medium shot near prew's table ( excluding warden ) maggio , hold the stool high , back up a few foot as fatso advance toward he . Men sprawl away from they . soldier' voice hey , it you want to fight , fight with fist . take it outside there be a murmur of agreement from the crowd . a couple of man be about to rise . fatso whirl toward they . fatso I be gonna cut this little wop 's heart out . anybody step in here , I give it to he first . medium shot old choy and young choy side by side . Old choy watch , immobile , he slit eye almost close . Young choy be shaking with fright . medium shot fatso and maggio fatso turn toward maggio , who circle back around the table as the other stalk he . maggio ( scared but brave ; shout ) I be gunna de -brain ya , fatso ! one step closer a I be gunna kill ya ! fatso have he knife poise at he shoulder , ready to strike . warden come into shot suddenly . he brandish a beer bottle wildly , look like a avenge spirit of authority . 73 . warden nobody 's gunna do nothin ! anybody 's killin anybody around here , it will be I ! warden snatch another beer bottle from a table , now have one in each hand . he step between fatso and maggio . fatso look out here , warden . this a private affair . warden no it be not ! this man 's in my compny a I be responsible for he . and you be not makin two week extra paper work for I by killin he . nor he you . put that knife down ! he smashes the neck off one of the beer bottle , point the wag edge at fatso , roar : warden put it down ! fatso slowly lower the knife to he waist , but keep it point towards maggio and warden . warden deliberately turn he back to fatso , spit he word at maggio . warden killer ! you unwean punk& come on , you want some kill , come on ! ( whirl on fatso ) come on , barrelbelly . ai not you comin ? neither fatso nor maggio move . warden ( with mammoth contempt ) killer ! you 'il get plenty of kill , all right . more than you get the stomach for . you will be ina war one of this day . when you feel that lead from a sniper 's rifle hit you between the eye come and tell I how you like it . killer ! ( turn to maggio ) now put down that chair . maggio put down the stool . warden turn to fatso . 74 . warden throw that knife on the floor fatso drop the knife . it clatter on the floor . there be another audible whoosh of breath from the room . warden almost scared there be not anybody go to stop you for a minute , be not you ? ( finally lower he voice ) be there any other little thing you punk would like I to take care of for you ? he drop the beer bottle on a nearby table , stride to he own table . the room settles back , still hushed . warden have break the mood of certain death , but fatso , still face maggio , bite off he word with sadistic , ominous venom . fatso tough monkey . hard sister . guy like you get to the stockade sooner later . one day you walk in there I will be waitin . I will show you a coupla thing . he walk away , drop into a stool at the counter . medium shot warden' table warden stand beside the table , watch . he seem satisfied as fatso move away from maggio . still stand , he raise he half - fill bottle of beer , drink . medium shot prew's table maggio drop onto the stool , sidle it over to the table . he half - whisper to prew . maggio I make a mistake I guess , but I do not see how I could of do anything else , after that big stoop say a thing like that . prew lean over and pick the knife off the floor . phew I will tell you you mistake . you do not hit he hard enough to put he out . 75 . maggio I hit he hard as I could . his head must be solid ivory . in b.g. warden put down the beer bottle and stalk towards the door . maggio and prew turn to watch he pass . maggio anyway , I be glad he stop it . he 's a good man , you know it ? as if on impulse , prew rise and follow warden out . ext . choy 's - night medium shot as prew carve out . choy 's be on a wide road across from the entrance to the Post . prew look around for warden , see he off to one side . camera move with prew as he go over to he . close shot warden lean against the building , undergo a delay reaction to the fierce moment in choy 's . he be white - face , sweat heavily . he look as if he 's go to be sick . close shot prew astonished yet appreciative that under warden 's confidence and control in choy 's there have be a human frailty . prew that be a near thing . warden yeah . prew hold out fatso 's knife . warden be beginning to get control of himself ; he manage a weak smile . warden you keep it , kid . keep it fora souvenir . prew put the knife in he pocket . they stare at one another a few moment , each inarticulate , each want to express some deep emotion of respect . warden you be not enjoy life much , be you , kid ? 76 . prew ( thin smile ) they can kill you but they can not eat you , top . warden study prew thoughtfully . prew turn to go back into choy 's . warden prewitt . prew stop , turn back warden could you stand a weekend pass ? prew stare at he for a second , incredulously , unable to find he voice . prew I think -- warden you think what , kid ? prew how about dynamite ? warden leave dynamite to I . he sign most anything I put in front of he ' thout ready it . though prew be overjoy he be somehow unable to say " thanks " ; warden grin broadly at he . warden I hear you go dippy over some dame you meet at the New Congress Club . he slap prew on the shoulder roughly . warden what have you say she name be ? frew lorene ... warden pretty name . 77 . warden walk off across the street . prew stare after he . dissolve to : ext . waikiki beach - day close shot prew and lorene lorene be cover prew with sand and have he almost completely bury . only he face remain uncover . he be grime up at she . she seem thoughtful . prew lorene ... she throw a towel over he face . he chuckle under it . lorene my name 's alma . the chuckle from under the towel die . lorene alma Schmidt ... there be a sound as of strangling from under the towel . lorene Mrs. kipfer pick lorene out of a perfume ad . she think it sound french ... lorene whisk the towel away . prew 's face be comic in its surprise and chagrin . dissolve to : int . cocktail lounge - night medium shot at bar alma and prew ( note : from this point on " alma " will be use instead of " lorene . " ) a fashionable waikiki night spot . a orchestra in b.g , be play " someone 's rocking my dream Boat . " alma and prew be seat at the bar . she be dress modestly and becomingly , might well be take as a society girl . prew be wear a civilian suit ; he look bound and choke in it . prew alma ... she smile ruefully , realize she real name have rubbed off some of the enchantment . 78 . prew no , honest , I like it . alma 's a -- swell name . it be great you gettin away today . alma I tell Mrs. kipfer I be sick . but I bet she do not believe it prew there 's no tellin when I will get into town next . the warden give I a break this time . but holme and that other , they get I on the edge . I just about go off the deep end the other day . alma you must hate the Army . prew hate the Army ...? alma sure . look what it 's do to you . prew it 's not the Army that 's do it it 's man . I love the Army . alma Love it ? well , it sure do not love you in return . prew when you love something it do not mean they get to love you in return . alma yes , but a person can stand just so much from something -- prew no ! a man love a thing , he 's gotta be grateful . ( pause , grope for thought ) I leave home when I be seventeen . both my folk be dead , then . I bum around . I get all sort of job . I ride the rod . ( more ) 79 . prew ( cont would ) I land in jail . I do not belong nowhere . until I enter the profession . she frown , not understanding the last word . prew the Army . I enlist at Fort myer and I learn how to box and I learn how to play a bugle . I never have much call for the box - - but if it be not for the Army I would never of learn how to play a bugle . alma a bugle ? prew nod . he take the mouthpiece out of he pocket , show it to she . prew this be the mouthpiece I use to play a tap at Arlington . alma take the mouthpiece , look it over , seem unimpress . prew ( as if say " I be elect President " ) they pick I to play a tap -- at Arlington Cemetery . she still look dubious , hand the mouthpiece back . he try desperately to communicate . prew look . think . you ever think how strange a tree would look to one who have never live upon the earth ? well , somehow that 's how I feel when I play a bugle ... there be a boisterous shouting nearby . maggio' voice hello , citizen ! I tell ya I would meet ya , dint I ? they turn and angle widen to include maggio , who have just come up to the bar . he be in uniform . prew be pleased to see he but also alarmed ; there be something near- desperate under maggio 's drunkenness . 80 . prew how would you get a pass ? maggio I dint get no pass . I just take off . I mean to bring a girl with I but -- prew you better get you tail back to the Post . right away . maggio shake he head violently in the negative . maggio I be out for the night . I get a bellyfull . a nail , prew . a stinkin nail . I be thirsty for a nail . prew give he a cigarette . maggio hop on a empty bar stool a few place remove from prew and alma . maggio climb up on my shoulder , prew . you can see everythin from up here . ( to bartender ) a beer . a Beer ! medium shot at side of room two mps watch maggio , attract by he voice and behavior . medium shot at bar featuring maggio maggio talk across other at the bar to prew and alma . maggio I be in a crap game in the latrine . I win twenty buck . prew how much do you lose ? maggio lose ? oh , lose . I lose twenty - seven buck . ( dejectedly ) that 's why I be not get no girl . a tray on the bar contain olive , nut and pretzel . maggio snatch up two olive , shake they in he fist beside he ear . 81 . maggio comin out ! the terror of gimbel' basement ! comin out ! sev -en ! sev - en ! sev -en ! ( roll the olive out on bar ) snake eye . medium shot bartender several other at bar laugh . medium close shot prew and alma prew be increasingly concerned for maggio . alma you like he , do not you ? prew ( nod ) he 's such a comical little guy and yet somehow he make I always want to cry while I be laughin at he . medium shot at bar featuring maggio finish a long gulp of beer . he put glass down on the bar , hard . maggio the Royal Hawaiian 's jist around the corner . that 's where they movie star stay . rita hayworth and Joan blondell and Maureen o'hara ... you look like a movie star , lorene ... yes , you do ... how long ' fore we get in the war , prew ? prew I do not know . maybe we will not get in . maggio tha 's what you say . he jump off the bar stool suddenly , tear off he tie . maggio hot in here . he throw tie on the bar , the bartender start to protest . maggio swim it 's a great night for swimmin . ( more ) 82 . maggio ( cont would ) ( kick off shoe ) goin swimmin with a movie star ... he be unbuttone he shirt as he abruptly dash away , people around be laugh at he again . medium shot alma and prew as prew watch maggio rush out . he see something else o.s , which worry he . long shot from prew 's Pov the two mps cross toward direction maggio have take . they be obviously go after he . medium shot alma and prew alma follow prew 's troubled look . alma you better go look out for he , prew glance at she gratefully , then slip off he stool . he pick up maggio 's tie and shoe and hurry out after he . dissolve to : ext . royal hawaiian ground - night medium shot tall pale royal palm contrast with thick dark plant and bush . a ornamental lamppost alongside a walk path a little distance away . prew come into shot cautiously , carry maggio 's tie and shoe . he move quickly , bend over . camera pan and move in and we see it be maggio 's shirt and trousers which prew have discover on the ground . he look at they wryly , pick they up , move on . angle prew in f.g. and lamppost with bench near it in b.g. prew , carry maggio 's clothes , stop as he see what look like a shadow lie across the bench . prew ( call softly ) be that you , angelo ? the shadow do not move . prew approach the bench . medium shot maggio and prew maggio be stretch out on the bench , seem to be sleep blissfully . he be clothed only in he short . despite himself , prew smile . he shake the recline figure . prew maggio , you nut . get up . wake up . 83. maggio mumble without open he eye or move . maggio I be sorry , sir . I will not do it again . just do not lock I up , sir . honest , I will not . prew here 's you clothes . he throw the clothes on maggio . maggio ( open he eye ) well , give em back to the Indians . the Indians need clothes . all they wear be G string . prew Boy , be you drunk ! maggio . maybe a movie star come out the hotel right now and pick we up and take we back to the States in she private plane ... and install we in she private swim pool -- prew pull maggio off the bench and start to drag he across the path away from the light . maggio ( yell ) take it easy , prew . you scrapin my tail on the sandy sidewalk . prew you will get worse than that scrape - - listen ! the ominous sound of leggins brush each other be hear , not far away . prew look off . long shot through bushes the two mps be on the street just outside the grounds . they be still look for maggio , somewhat aimlessly now . medium shot maggio and prew prew whisper to maggio as he pull he to he foot . prew come on before you be in trouble -- 84 . maggio push he away . maggio stop it ! prew shut up ! maggio I be sick of its can not a man get drunk ? can not a man do nothin ? can not aman put he lousy hand in he lousy pocket on a lousy street ? a man gotta be hound every minute of he life ? I be not gain to take its I be not no coward I be not yellow I be not no bum I be not no scum ! mps ! mps ! come and get US ! here we be ! prew ( aghast ) now you do it . medium shot end of path near STREET the two mps come run onto the path , spot maggio and prew about thirty yard away . medium shot pew and maggio maggio pick up he shoe , suddenly whip away from prew and run toward the mps . another angle near mps as they stop , surprised . maggio be shouting , " can not a man do nothin ? ! " as he hurl first one shoe , then the other directly at the mps . one mp be hit in the shoulder , stagger back . maggio dash between he and the second mp , but the latter reach out and grab he . maggio wrench loose but instead of run , suddenly wade in , arm swinging wildly . in a moment , he be hang crab-like on the man 's back . the first mp charge maggio . maggio grab the second mp 's club and hit the first mp over the head . medium close shot prew horrify , he start toward the fraca . medium shot maggio and mps in f.g. prew in b.g. the second mp have manage to get out from under maggio . he smashes he fist into maggio 's face as the latter continue to wield the club . maggio see prew come toward they . 85 . maggio get back ! I be handlin this ! take off ! the first mp start to intercept prew . maggio tackle he around the knee and bring he to the ground . medium close shot second mp Club go , he partner on the ground , the second up fish for he pistol , tug to get it from the holster . maggio' voice this be not you affair ! keep out of this ! medium shot prew in f.g. mps and maggio in b.g. prew see the second mp raise he pistol , point it toward he . camera pan with he as he turn quickly and dive headlong into bush nearby . close shot prew camera move with he close to ground as he knee and elbow he way along deep into the bush . he stop , breathe hard . the sound of the mps fight with maggio can be hear , the ugly sound of fist and the uglier sound of club smash bone and flesh . maggio' voice ( scream , craze ) come on . be that the best you can do ? I bet you eat wheaty , do not you ? come on ... you can not even knock I out -- no matter -- maggio 's voice stop suddenly . camera move to closeup of prew on the ground , he face contort . the voice of the mps be hear now , panting . first mp's voice I wonder what be wrong with this guy . he must be same kind of madman . second mp's voice come on , let "s get he into a wagon . a convulsive sob escape prew as he head drop in the dirt . dissolve to : 86. int . orderly room - day medium shot peen warden mazzioli warden be pin some notice on a bulletin board . prew sit on the bench against the wall , miserable , elbow on knee , chin in hand . there be a quiet tenseness in the room . warden look over at prew , turn back to the bulletin board . mazzioli get up from he desk , wander aimlessly to a window . the screen door slam and leva enter , eat a candy bar . leva any word on maggio 's Court martial ? mazzioli it 's on right now . at headquarters . lava sit on the bench beside prew , shake he head . leva he will get the stockade sure . the other tense at the word " stockade , " glare at leva as if he have no right to mention it . they fear of the place , now that it be imminent even for another soldier , be show on they face . there be a long pause . mazzioli maybe he will not get it . all he do be get drunk and run wild . that 's a soldier 's nature . it 's almost he sacred duty once in a while . there be another pause . warden bark suddenly , fiercely , at leva . warden what you hangin around here for ? leva can not a man rest himself for a minute -- warden what man ? I can not stand to see people restin themselves . I be eccentric . if you be not get no work maybe I can scare you up some . mumbling , leva rise and go out . warden go over to prew . warden why not you go on over to the Day room , shoot a little pool ? ( more ) 87 . warden ( cont would ) I will let you know when the word come through . prew look up , nod , rise . he be half - way to the door when the phone at the clerk 's desk ring . prew turn . mazzioli stare at the phone as if afraid to touch it . warden go over , answer . warden ( on phone ) compny G , first sergeant warden speak ... yes , sir ... yes , sir , I will ... I will have he thing in order ... yes , sir . warden put down phone . he look at the wait man . warden he get it . six month . dissolve to : ext . barracks - day medium shot prew and a group of G company man , include sergeant dhom , thornhill and Henderson , be on the step and porch as a reconnaissance car pull up and halt . close shot reconnaissance car maggio sit between the driver and another mp , both armed . ( note : this be not the same mps with whom he fight . ) the G company man cluster around the car , ad-lib greeting kid maggio , buck he up . even the sergeant join in this ; nobody like to see a man on he way to the stockade . maggio hello , man ! who 's get the beer ? driver shut up ! maggio okay , brownie . whatever you say . another angle as the Driver get out of the car and go to pick up maggio 's stack barrack bag on the porch . prew move up close to maggio . prew I be sorry , angelo . it 's my fault . I shoulda -- 88 . maggio you crazy . you -- prew I shoulda stop you somehow -- maggio it be all my party . do not worry about it . ( pronounce " e " as in " the " ) anyhow , I be gunna e-scape . if gimbel 's basement could not hold I neither can no lousy stockade . second mp you hear he say shut up ! maggio ( smile at the man ) I be a prisoner . and prisoner be not allow to talk . they allow to breathe though . if they good , that be . during last speech the Driver return , dump the barrack bag in the car , and get in . the motor start . the man shout good - by . close shot prew heartsick as he look at maggio . medium shot as the recon pull out and maggio 's last hearty shout drift back . maggio' voice . @-scape to Mexico and become a cowboy !... wipe to : ext . stockade gate - day shot as the reconnaissance car drive through the chain - mesh gate . in the distance be the stockade , a building that look something like a country schoolhouse . Music sweep up as the gate clang shut . wipe to : 89 . ext . stockade yard - day long shot maggio walk across the yard flanke by the tall mps . he look around as if surveying the chance of escape . Music rise . wipe to : ext . stockade build - day medium shot as the mps march maggio up to a door and gesture he to enter alone . he go in . int . office of sergeant of the guard - day medium shot camera shoot from behind a man seat at a desk . prominent in shot be a wick - look chop - off hoe handle lie on the desk . maggio enter , recognize the man . he walk , up to the desk , he face set in defiance . Music be rise ina fearful crescendo . camera pan just enough to reveal desk sign read : " sergeant of the guard . " the man stand up and the music stop abruptly . another angle revealing fatso judson as the man , on he face the same murderous expression as at choy 's . he crack he finger . fatso tough monkey . close shot maggio he eye follow a movement of fatso 's hand . medium close shot fatso eye on maggio , he hand grope on the desk fatso hard sister . close shot fatso' hand as it find and tighten around the hoe handle . the music sweep in abruptly . dissolve to : ext . clearing in valley - day ( twilight ) close shot flash a poker be driven into FIRE Music of precede shot segues into a ancient , savage Hawaiian chant which continue through follow . 90 . close shot flash long - pronged fork be driven into belly of whole roast pig close shot flash lang -bladed carving knife slicing roast beef medium close shot steam rising from between hot stone of FIRE full shot luau shot cover the continuation of all the above activity . this be a native luau - definitely not for tourist . shot include long ditch , heat by red-hot stone and line with layer of banana leave , contain pig , chicken , rock crab fish ... pot of native stew ... bowl of exotic fruit ... peel of raw cane ... work over the food be the native , many of the man stripped to the waist , the woman array in colorful Hawaiian costume . long shot through bonfire hula dancers a group of male dancer sway with the insistent beat of a group of old Hawaiian instrument . this be far remove from the night club hula . this be a thing of swift , agile angularity , primitive and powerful . pan shot spectator through bonfire at end of pan , camera reveal warden and Karen in the group . they be the only white in the group . close shot karen she face light by the flame . she watch the dance breathlessly . flash tiny tom tom nose flute group of musician the native instrument play a thin , weird melody . medium shot hula dancers the man laugh and grin as they dance , taunt and tease somebody o.s . medium shot spectator they shout and laugh and squeal with delight as they watch . it be warden the dancer be teasing . several of the dancer break out of the group , dance over to warden , continue to prod he , apparently urging he to join they . medium close shot warden protest , join in the laughter . suddenly he kick off he shoe , roll he slack up to he knee . he snatch a gardenia from the hair of a pretty Hawaiian girl next to he , stick it over he ear , jump into the firelight and dance with the other . the music come up louder and faster as the spectator and dancer roar . 91 . group shot dancers and warden they be all laugh as they dance , but as warden move with they it be apparent he be as good as any of they . medium shot spectator nodd , point at warden , they hilarious laughter fade to delighted smile . close shot karen astonished and thrilled at warden 's ability . medium shot warden his laughter now also diminish to a happy grin as he dance . in all he dance about thirty second . then he break out of the group and run over to Karen . group shot featuring karen and warden as the spectator and dancer shout they applause . warden come up to Karen and put the gardenia in she hair . Karen be glow , tingling . karen you just love to shock people do not you ?! where on earth do you learn to dance like that ? warden ( panting happily ) believe it or not -- Chicago , Illinois . she fling she arm around he passionately . the onlooker howl with approval and merriment . between Karen and warden and camera , a enormously fat Hawaiian woman pour water on the stone in one of the trench -oven . a cloud of steam rise , hide they . ext . cliff road - day ( twilight ) lang shot valley shoot down a thousand foot into palolo Valley . bonfire and smoke rise from the floor of the valley . the thinnest carry of the ancient Hawaiian music . camera pan from precipice and include prew and alma as they trudge into shot , climb up the steep cliff road . tracking shot prew and alma hold hand as they walk . 92 . prew -- if I dint get to see you once in a while the treatment would have crack I long ago . alma , fairly wind from the climb , smile but do not answer . prew we could have take a cab . except I be not get cab fare . alma it 's just around the bend . camera hold as they walk on around a bend in the road . ext . alma' house medium shot the small house be perch precariously on the very edge of the cliff . alma and prew come around the bend , come up to the door , prew marvel at the house . alma this other girl and I be lucky to rent it . ( proudly ) it 's a very fashionable district . she hand prew she key . as he be unlock the door : alma I will get a extra one make for you . prew swing open the door and they go in . int . alma' house live room - day ( twilight ) full shot prew stop on the threshold , stare at the room in happy amazement . it be large , smartly furnish . in the rear , glass door lead to a porch . one of the panell wall be fill with bookshelve , floor to ceiling . the bookshelve be fill with book . a hearty feminine voice call " hi ! " from the kitchen , and as prew and alma come into the room , gorgette enter from the kitchen . she be a very tall , very gay , good -look girl . alma this be gorgette , my roommate . gorgette , this be prew . I tell you about he . 93 . gorgette do not mind I . I be go out ina little while . prew grin , can not keep he eye off the astonish book . gorgette follow he glance . gorgette I belong to the Book of the month Club . I always take every book . that way I get all the dividend . she giggle and go off to the bedroom . prew she will be great for maggio when he get out of the stockade . he will be crazy about she because she 's so tall . alma smile , press he into a chair . alma now you just get comfortable and I will make you a martini and see what 's to cook for dinner . she start oft to kitchen . prew hey . she turn . prew this be just like bein marry , be not it ? alma ( over she shoulder as she exit to kitchen ) it 's better . dissolve to : ext . clearing in valley - night full shot shoot through smoke rise from one of the trench -oven . as it clear we see the enormous Hawaiian woman and one or two other clean up and put out the remnant of the fire . the merrymaker and dancer have go ; the luau be over . in b.g. , quite alone , be warden and Karen , sit on 94 . the trunk of a fall palm tree . medium shot karen and warden the abandon gaiety of the earlier scene go . they survey the emptiness . the fat Hawaiian woman come near , rake ash over one of the die fire . she speak to warden in Hawaiian . he answer she in the native tongue . the fat woman stare , shrug , go off . karen what do she say ? warden she say it 's over -- time to go home -- karen Home ... a beach , a car , a park ... warden put he arm around she tenderly . he rise , warden it will work out ... karen it can not go on like this much longer , milt . warden I know . pace a moment . warden if there be only a way ! you lovin husband have probly give you the divorce . but even if he do not know what for , he would never let I transfer . karen ( buck up courage ; quietly ) there be a way . I have be think about it . warden look at she apprehensively . karen you have get to become a officer . warden what ! 95 . karen you be eligible for the extension course that come in with the draft . when you get you commission they would ship you back to the States -- new officer be not keep at post where they have be enlist man . then -- warden you sure make a thorough study of it . karen then I could divorce dana and follow you and marry you . warden a officer ! I have always hate officer . karen that 's a fine , intelligent point of view . suppose I say I have always hate sergeant . that would make a lot of sense , would not it ? close shot warden he sit , think it over unhappily . two shot warden okay , suppose I do it . -- and do not think it 's a cinch -- the exam be tough . then you would be get you divorce here while I be in the States . we would be apart maybe six month ! we will probly be in the war by then -- karen you can not be certain of that -- warden ( snort ) put it down on you calendar . on October twenty - third , 1941 , milt warden tell you we would be in the war in less than a year . karen ( flaring ) why do not you tell the truth ? ( more ) 96 . karen ( cont would ) you just do not want the responsibility . you be probably not even in love with I -- warden you be crazy ! I wish I be not in love with you . maybe could enjoy life again . karen I do not know what 's happen to you -- you be honest at first -- warden at first ! you be tough and solid as a rock -- and now you be a whining crybaby -- he stop abruptly . karen and so they be marry and live unhappily ever after . they be silent for several moment . warden I have never be so miserable in my life as I have since I meet you . karen neither have i. warden ( cheerlessly ) I would not trade a minute of it . karen ( cheerlessly ) neither would i. warden rise and pace again . suddenly he stop , turn , look down at Karen , speak in the same gloomy tone . warden I will probably make the lousiest officer they ever see in this Army . a happy smile creep over Karen 's face . despite himself , he begin to smile also . 97 . karen ( fervently ) you will make a fine officer . a remarkable officer . dissolve to : ext . porch of alma' house - night medium shot the porch be at the rear of the house , lead off from the live room . it be on the very edge of the cliff . prew and alma be dance to the music of a portable victrola . it be play " why do not we do this more often ? " a table still contain the dinner plate . prew 's expression hold the wonder of a child at a magic show . he miss a step stumble . prew I never catch on to dance much . alma you be a very good dancer . the record end and alma go to change it . camera follows prew to the edge of the porch as he look out over the view . long shot view prom prew's Pov a magnificent panorama -- string of light in the valley and across on St. Louis Heights -- in the far distance the neon of waikiki . medium close shot prew work with he thought , afraid to broach they . he light a cigarette , he finger tremble . prew I be want to tell you a long time now -- ( deep breath ) I love you . medium close shot alma look through record for a new choice . she speak quite conversationally , as if offer a pleasant compliment . alma that 's nice . because I love you , too . she put on a record -- " it all come back to I now . " it play throughout the sequence . 98 . two shot as alma come over to prew . prew I mean it . I need you . alma ( as before ) I be glad . because I need you , too . prew ( recklessly ) a thirty - year man be movin all over , goin all the time . up to now I never think a thirty - year man have any business to think of gettin marry . she stare at he , amaze , a touch angry . alma you be a funny one , little prew boy . prew ( hurt ) yeah . must be the altitude . alma a very funny one that I can not figure out . prew why 's it funny if a guy want to marry you ? alma because I be a girl you meet at the New Congress Club ! and that 's about two step up from the pavement . prew okay -- I be a private no class dogface soljer . and the way most civilian look at it , that 's two step up from no thin . there be a silence . alma be honestly distraught . alma oh , prew , prew , I think we be happy : why do you want to spoil thing ? 99 . prew lissen , I be not think in of now . but I get a plan cookin in my head . you want to go back to the States in a year . well , you could stretch it some , make it two year . and I could swing a sergeant 's stripe -- if I be a non- com the Army have let I pick my duty when I re-enlist . ( lose in the picture of it ) and there 's some post back in the States -- like jefferson barrack -- the marry noncom rate solid brick house ... with lawn with new - cut grass and walk with big old oak tree ... alma now I know you have lose you mind ! how do you expect to become a sergeant under this Captain holme of yours ? it 's all you can do to keep out of the stockade ! close shot prew two shot prew I could fight . prew it I go out for boxin he would send I to non - com school . the regimental championship be next month . I bet I could win the middleweight even without training . I use to be pretty good I could do it . alma be deeply move . she speak gravely , sincerely , not at all immodestly . alma no . I do not think you should give in to the treatment ... even to marry I . prew this have be worth it . 100 . alma ( almost desperately ) prew -- it 's true we love each other now . but back in America , it might be different ... we might not even want each other ... prew okay . but that be not the real reason . alma all right . it 's not . prew what 's the real reason you will not marry I ? alma I will not marry you because I do not want to be the wife of a soldier . prew well , that 's the top I could ever do for you -- alma because nobody 's go to stop I from my plan . nobody . nothing . because want to be proper . prew proper ? alma ( impassion ) yes , proper . respectable . secure . in a year I will have enough money save . I be go back to my home town in Oregon and I be go to build a new home for my mother and myself and join the country club and take up golf . and then I will meet the proper , man with the proper position . and I will bea proper wife who can keep a proper home and raise proper child . and I will be happy because when you be proper you be safe . prew ( bitterly disappointed but admire ) ( more ) 101 . prew ( cont would ) you get gut , alma . I hope you pull it off . the victrola record end . alma turn away from prew and go to the victrola . now that shot have she say with such certainty , she deflate . except for the fact that she look like a girl who never cry , she look as if she might cry . she lift the record off the turntable . alma but I do mean it when I say I need you . because I be lonely . sometimes I be dreadfully lonely ... you think I be lie , do not you ? prew no. nobody ever lie about be lonely ... alma put the same record on again . prew look out over the beautiful view . fade out : fade in : int . kitchen holme house - day close shot holme holme -- I have know about it for a long time ! I have sense it . and I be not go to ignore it any longer ! I want to know where you meet he and just who he be . medium shot holme and karen at breakfast in a nook off the kitchen . holme be a mixture of petulance , anger and frustration . he do not touch he food , but occasionally take a sip of coffee . karen I be afraid I be not go to tell you . holme you can not keep a thing like this hidden& karen I be not go to hide anything . I be just not go to tell you . 102 . she apply herself to she food , anxious to drop the matter . holme one thing I know . I know it 's a civilian . you would be too discreet to pick a Army man . karen I do not think it 's any of you business who he be . holme it be my business ! I be you husband ! what do you think a scandal would do to my chance for a promotion ? so if you be think of a divorce , you can forget it ! Karen stiffen . she struggle to maintain she self - possession . she manage it , keep outwardly calm through the scene . holme now -- how do it feel to know you will have to live with a horror like I the rest of you life ? karen not very nice . but then there 's the compensation of know you will have to live with I the rest of you life . her attitude make holme progressively sorrier for himself . camera move with he as during follow he rise , go to stove , pour himself another cup of coffee . he spill a little and the liquid sizzle on the burner . holme you do not know how a man feel about a thing like this . it break aman all up -- inside . karen ( dryly ) I gander why man feel so differently about it than woman . holme it 's -- it 's just not the same . camera move with he as he return to the table , decide to try another tack . holme why do you think I have do all I have ...? karen done all what ? holme try to be a company Commander when I hate it , work my fool head off with this miserable box squad , tag after the General whenever I could . karen I do not know . why ? holme why , for you and for I . for we home , that 's why . karen ( dryly ) . I always think you do it because you want to get ahead . she finish the last of she food , stand . karen it 's a lovely day out . I think I l1l go for a walk . holme catch she wrist , stop she . hold I be willing to forgive you . tell I who he be . make a clean breast of it . and I will forgive you . karen I wonder which be hurt more -- you pride or you curiosity ? she disengage she wrist . karen ( coolly ) when I be ready to ask you for a divorce we can discuss it again . she go to door to pantry , pause there . 104 . karen ( maternally ) and do eat you breakfast , dana . it 's get cold . she go out to pantry . we hear the sound of the door to rear porch open and close . medium close shot holme wretch , completely at a loss . he stare into space , then look down at he food , pick up a fork and ruefully begin to eat . dissolve to : ext . barracks - day medium shot lawn prew , on hand and knee , be on a weed detail with three other man , one of they sal Anderson . another be private nair a tousle -headed , sentimental man we have not see before . sergeant thornhill , in charge of the detail , loll on the ground , he head propped against a tree , read a comic book . prew work he way over to nair . prew you just get out of the stockade ? nair ( nod ) it be rugge , sam . but I keep my mouth shut and watch my step and I be not in no trouble . prew you see maggio ? nair nod , tell he tale in half - humorous , half - reverent fashion . nair fatso 's workin he over with a hoe handle . place where it will not show mostly . you know , the back and the chest . the kidney . once in a while in the face . know what maggio do when that happen ? spit in fatso 's eye . ( chuckle ) oh , he 's a hot one . ai not he a hot one ? 105 . prew he 's a good boy . nair course , he throw up a little blood now and then . and he pass out a lot . but fatso sure be not reportin none of that . so there 's no way they goin to find out . prew why do not he go to the c.0.? nair we try to get he to . but he will not peep . he say he get a lot more scalp to lose first . that boy be about the hardest artery in the hospital . ( with great sentiment ) but he 's get a heart just like a great big baby . prew 's face have be grow in fury . he pull up a clump of sod , throw it down with all he might prew you think he 's gonna be all right ? nair you guess be worth mine , sam . maybe he 's crackin a little at that -- cause after fatso put he in the hole -- that 's what they call solitary -- a couple time he begin talkin about how he 's gonna e- scape . he say to tell you he 'il look you up one of this night . a shadow fall across the grass in front of prew . shot galovitch from prew's Pov camera shoot up from near the ground , the angle exaggerating galavitch 's ungainly , ape-like figure . he look down at prew , full of venom . galovitch still on knee , eh , prewitt ? well , box final next month . December for if teen . you 's till get time help we make champion . medium shot prew from galovitche's Pov 106 . prew be at the break point . control himself , he weed around galovitch 's shadow . it move in front of prew again . galovitch voice be proud dis compny to be or not ? bite de hand that feed it der shoot dog for . infortunately , ony dog day be allow to shoot , not man . medium shot group the other man have stop weed , be look over at prew and galovitch . thornhill , in b.g. , put down the comic book and come over to they during follow . prew get outa my way , ike . I be not gonna move around you again . galovitch you need better lesson than up to now . maybe I give to you myself . maybe right now . he step on prew 's hand . as prew jerk away from the heavy shoe galovitch haul he up by he fatigue shirt . thornhill step between they . thornhill ( to galovitch ) ey , leave he alone . 'o 's in my detail -- prew shove thornhill aside , cold decision in he eye . he start unbuttone he shirt . prew ( to galovitch ) all right . it 's gonna be you way . galovitch rip off he shirt , burst some of the button as he do . stripped to the waist , he whole appearance seem to change ; he look as he do in the ring , a hard - muscle prize fighter . thornhill ey , wait a minute , you guy -- ! prew be barely able to get out of he shirt before galovitch charge he . various angle prew and galovitch and spectator during follow man run from across the quadrangle and from out of the barrack to watch the affair , form a circle around 107 . the fighter . prew be a skillful boxer , move around galovitch quickly and cleverly . galovitch be more lumber but not awkward . his heavy blow stagger prew several time . prew drive he attack at he opponent 's body . he never throw a punch at the other 's head . nair the head , prew ! hit he in the head ! the other man around shout similar advice . close shot galovitch puzzle by prew 's concentration on he body and by the shout of the man . he seem to be wonder if prew be pull a trick . close shot prew a fear , not bear of cowardice , be reflect on prew 's face as he set himself , stare at galovitch . he seem haunt by the memory of Dixie Wells . closeup galovitch eye closeup prew flinching without be hit . he seem mesmerize by the other 's eye . closeup galovitch eye medium shot prew and galovitch fight . galovitch draw blood from a cut over prew 's eye . he be get the better of the battle . in b.g. thornhill break out of the crowd and run across the quadrangle . medium shot baldy dhom and spectator spectator I do not get it -- why do not prew go for the head ? dhom he blind a guy once . must be scairt of the same thing . medium shot prew and galovitch as galovitch batter prew back against the crowd . a right to the temple send he to he knee . he shake he head a moment , get up and go into a clinch . long shot barracks window on upper floors the window be crowded with man watch the fight . 108 . int . squad room - day long shot out window to front of barracks shoot over head of man watch , out to prew and galovitch on the ground . dispassionate , professional ad-lib from the man : why do prew continue he attack to the body only , a good little man and a good big man , etc . int . captain office - day shot warden and holme featuring warden warden be at he desk fill out a application blank . holme be glance over he shoulder ... insert : officer extension course application blank warden 's hand in shot fill out answer to sex , age , race , etc . holme 's voice I 'il be glad to recommend you warden . you have get service , experience , grade . you will make a excellent officer . back to scene : holme wait for thanks . warden ( after hesitate ) thank you , sir . the screen door in the orderly room bang . thornhill run into the office , breathless . he come to a shaking attention as he see holme . holme at ease , sergeant . what 's the matter ? thornhill they fightin on the green , sir ! galovitch and prewitt . thornhill ike look like 'o goin to murder he , sir . a pleased look cross holme 's face . warden jump up , start for door . holme catch he arm . 109 . holme there 's no rush . i1l take care of it . holme go out . thornhill follow , turn at the door . thornhill ai not you want to see it , first ? warden ( shout suddenly ) no ! I be not want to see it ! nor you either ! get out of here ! thornhill go . the screen door in the orderly room bang . warden walk to he desk , stare down at the application form , pick it up . he carry it over to holme ' desk . he look at the picture of Karen on the desk . close shot photograph of karen medium close shot warden he stare at the picture , then look at the application blank . then he look down at the chevron on he arm . he rub he hand over the chevron gently , fondly . he look at the application blank again very thoughtfully . ext . barracks - day medium shot prew and galovitch on lawn a continuation of the fight . prew be tiring , he face be cut and bleed and there be a well under one eye . galovitch be unmark but grunt now from prew 's constant jab at he stomach . he seem perplex , as before , by he opponent +s tactic . medium shot spectator featuring the non - " ath - a- leet " of G company , include Anderson , Clark and treadwell . ad-libbed shout of '' in the face , prew ! in the face ! '' another angle featuring the " ath - a-loot , " include dhom , Wilson and Henderson . they be watch quietly , nodd with approval as prew feint , then dart several punch into galovitch 's rib , it almost seem as if they be admire prew 's courage , inwardly root for he . holme enter the group , thornhill tagging after he . holme stop and watch the fight . there be a look of satisfaction on he face . medium shot prew and galovitch the fight continue . 110 . another angle near rear of crowd . a officer , walk across the lawn , be attract by the noise . he step into the crowd . this be colonel william . he wear the insignia of the Inspector General 's Department . he watch the fight , be about to step through to break it up when he see holme . he stop , watch holme 's reaction . medium shot prew and galovitch prew , back up against the crowd , trip over somebody 's foot . he fall without be hit . galovitch kick at he and prew roll away . the crowd murmur angrily . sergeant Stark step out into the open circle , face galovitch . stark this be not no rassle , ike . you get to fight this man fair . approve shout from the crowd . Stark step back . ike wait for prew to get up . medium close shot prew look up at galovitch . closeup galovitch shoot up from prew's Pov closeup galovitch 's eye closeup prew his eye narrow , harden as if he inner struggle have be resolve . medium shot prew and galovitch prew get to he foot . as galovitch come to he , prew feint for the stomach , then throw a hard right to galovitch 's face . it hit he flush on the nose . blood spurt . the crowd roar . another angle galovitch , surprised and hurt , throw up he hand . prew drive both fist to he solar plexus . galovitch drop he guard . prew smashes he in the face and Adam 's apple . galovitch fall to he knee , hawk and choke . medium shot prew and galovitch the whole nature of the fight have change . galovitch , hurt and reeling , rush prew , bull - like , head down , defense wide open . prew dodge easily , slamm hard with rights and left to the head . medium shot holme , see prew be now clearly in command , step out of the crowd and up to the two fighter . 111 . holme ( severely ) all right . let 's cut it . there be a look of relief on the face of both galovitch and prew as they stop fight . holme what start this ? galovitch ( puffing ) prewitt talk back to non-com . refuse order I give he , start fight . I teach he lesson . a laugh from the crowd . holme you will not disobey any more order in my company , prewitt . warden save you from a court martial once but he will not this time -- Anderson step into the circle . anderson Sir -- I be sorry , sir but private prewitt 's not to blame for this . sergeant galovitch start it . holme react , momentarily at a loss . he turn to thornhill . holme ( meaningfully ) thornhill , you be in charge of this detail . how about it ? thornhill step into the circle , nod toward Anderson . thornhill 'o 's right , sir. ( point to galovitch ) 'o begin it . prewitt do nothin . from the crowd step sergeant dhom , Wilson and Henderson . they face holme and galovitch implacably . henderson no , sir , this be not prewitt 's fault . 112. dhom that 's right , sir . everybody know galovitch start it . Wilson nod . there be a murmur of agreement from the crowd . holme look at he fighter , rock by this betrayal . they stare back at he . medium close shot colonel william still near the rear of the crowd , he watch the scene with much interest . medium shot holme pull himself together , turn to the crowd . holme that 's all . break it off . let 's get back to we job . ( to prew and galovitch ; weakly ) I be give you two a break . I will ignore this . he walk off . he do not see Colonel Williams . galovitch move off toward the barrack . Wilson , Henderson and thornhill remain group around prew . prew you guy figure this mean I be steppin into a ring , you be wrong . emerson it 's you show , kid . run it the way you want . wilson you better put same iodine on they cut . dhom yeah . a come over to choy 's tonight . we buy you a beer . the non- com walk off , prew stare after they . dissolve to : ext . choy 's - night long shot across road prew clark anderson sound of gaiety from the beerhouse mingle with the mournful twang of guitar be play by Clark and Anderson . camera move slowly toward the trio until the beerhouse noise be 113 . low . the man be surround by many empty beer bottle . prew , clark and anderson ( sing softly ) woke up sick on Thursday feelin like my head take a dare look down at my trousers all my pocket be bare that girl sure be bad news re-enlistment blue ... the guitar finish the stanza with a flourish as camera hold on medium shot . the man chuckle . clark some day I be goin back to scranton and play it for my folk . and tell they it want compose in the Hawaiian Islands ! clear across the Pacific Ocean ! prew ( finish long swig of beer ) hey , Friday . clark yeah ? prew why you call Friday ? clark do not know . I be born on Wednesday . ( pluck guitar , sing ) go back around on Friday ask for a free glass of beer ... the three laugh , sing in unison . prew , clark and anderson my friend have disappear barman say , ' take off , no credit here 's ... medium shot near entrance to choy be the music from across the road almost lose in the laughter and shout from the beerhouse . warden come out , wobble a bit . he have one on . he cup he hand over he ear , strain to hear the sing . he stumble into Choate , come along the sidewalk . 114 . choate top , you sure plaster . warden ( muster dignity ) I be off duty . off duty if I want to get plaster -- but Choate have go into choy 's . camera retreat with warden as he wander to the road , still try to locate the sing . half - way across the road he unceremoniously sit down , cross he knee buddha-wise . here the sing be more audible . he listen contentedly . medium shot prew anderson clark prew , anderson and clark ( sing ) ai not no time to lose re-enlistment blue ... Anderson , as usual , finish the stanza with a brilliant display on the guitar . prew stand up . in the glow of a streetlight he face show the mark of he battle with galovitch . he wobble and we realize he , too , really have one on . anderson where you go in ? prew back to choy 's . get nother drink . the guitar and sing continue in b.g. through follow . camera pan with prew as he weave to the road . medium shot middle of road as prew cross . he can see the seat figure but the light from the street be too dim to identify it . warden' voice ( boom ) halt ! prew stop automatically . warden' voice who go there ? prew a friend . 115 . warden' voice Advance , friend , and be reconize . prew move closer , camera with he , until he recognize warden . warden ( roaring , laugh ) quiet ! at ease ! fall out ! right dress ! ' bout face ! hit the track ! garbage detail ! latrine detail ! dis a drill , not picnic ! hello , kid . whatever you doin out all by yourself ? prew I be goin to get a drink . warden siddown . I get a bottle . he pull a bottle of whisky from he field jacket , hold it up to prew . prew take the bottle and drink . then he sit down in the road as matter - of - factly as do warden . he give the bottle back to warden . warden I hand it to you , kid . they call off the treatment this afternoon . when you beat up ike . I never hear of no soljer before ever lickin the treatment ... ( drink ; then hold out bottle ) here , old buddy . have a lil drink . prew drink . warden this be a terrible crummy life , you know it ? prew miserble . perfeckly miserble . warden what if a truck or something be to come along and run over we ? prew awful . awful . we would be dead , would not we ? 116 . warden ( nod vehemently ) a nobody to even mourn . you better not sit here any more . you better get up and move over to the side of the road . prew what about you ? you get more to live for than I . you get to take care of you compny . warden I be old . do not matter if I die . but you life 's ahead of you . you get up . prew no , sir . never desert a friend in need . I will stay to the bitter end . warden ( shake head stubbornly ) we will stay together . they square they shoulder heroically . warden ( as if to a invisible fire squad ) no blindfold . save it to wipe you nose on , you skunk . prew amen . each take a drink . warden prew , I get the biggest trouble in the whole world . prew the whole world ? warden ( nod ) take love . do you personally ever see any of this love ? prew nod gravely . 117 . warden you will unerstan , then ... this girl see , she want I to become . prew become what ? warden ( after long hesitation ) a officer . can you see I as a officer ? prew sure I can see it . you would make a good officer . warden you both can see more 'o I can . you know what , prew ? I be scared become a officer . prew you be not scared of nothin , warden . warden yes , I be . I tell myself diffrnt but it 's a fack . where have I be as a officer ? how could I handle he ? that 's the one thing I be scared of ... be a officer in the U.S. Army . ( hastily ) Army of the U.S. prew a man should be what he can do . warden nod solemnly as if prew have uttere a great truth . they pass the bottle once more . warden how 's you girl ? wha 'st that name again ? prew ( hesitates ) lorene . warden oh , yeah , I remember . lorene . beautiful name . 118 . warden clap prew on the shoulder as if he be a lifelong friend . they smile . they look as if they be share a great secret , a secret know to they alone in the world . the mournful guitar and sing come over a little louder another angle the headlight of a jeep descend upon warden and prew . then the vehicle skid into the shot with a screeching of brake , come to a halt directly in front of the man . warden and prew look at the car calmly , do not move . the headlight be blaze on they . Stark hop out from the driver 's seat , furious . stark whatsa matter with you , you crazy , dumb screwball ?! you tryin to get kill ?! warden what you doin with that jeep sergeant Stark ? stark I borrow it . I be goin to town . what you doin in the middle of the road ? the music of the guitar have stop . there be a strange whine now , far in the distance , not identifiable . it grow during follow . warden my friend prew and I sittin here discussin the weather . stark you friend , huh ? prew you beard I . I say my buddy warden . my good friend warden that you better not run over be what I say . medium close shot warden warden ( assume anger ) do not you know you get to look out for this man . get he off the road before you run he over . he 's the best stinkin soljer in the compny . 119 . stark you both must be plumb nut . prew you hear I . get this man to some safety . why , he 's the best stinkin soljer in the compny . stark I guess I be the one who 's nut . medium close shot maggio as he stumble around the side of the jeep directly into the blaze of the headlight . there be scar , new and heal on maggio 's face . one of he ear be cauliflower , enough to give he the lopsided ribald look of a punchy . a couple of tooth be miss . weirdly outline in the glare , he be a nightmare figure , a apparition . the whine in the distance be identifiable now . it be the siren of the stockade . maggio ... figgered you might be at choy 's ... group shot the man gape at maggio , unable to accept the shock of he appearance . then prew and warden jump up and catch he as he be about to fall . the drunkenness drain out of they . Stark watch in bewilderment . maggio ( spew word out ) do it like I say ... e- scape ... e-scape like I figgered ... under a tarp inna back of a truck from the motor Pool they ride I right out just like I figgered like I say ... ony the tailgate come down ' bout a mile back ... a I fall inn road ... ( giggle ) shoulda see I bounce ... musta break something ... ( clutches prew 's shirt ) prew ... lissen ... prew angelo ... warden step back as prew hold maggio . during follow Anderson and Clark come over , watch pop-ey . 120 . maggio fatso ... fatso do it to I ... yestiday he do it for keep ... he like to whack I in the gut with a hoe handle a then he ask ' that hurt ? 's and then I spit at he ... ony yestiday he do it ten time runnin a something bust ... you know , like they be a fish swiminin aroun inside you ... prew ( to other ) come on , let 's get he to the hospital . maggio grasp he tighter . he be cry now . maggio prew ... they gonna send you to the stockade ...? prew no , angelo -- two shot maggio and prew maggio ( plead ) should they do , watch out for fatso ! you gotta make like it 's a game ... he will try to crack you but you be not gonna crack ... he 's gonna see you but he 1ll never see you see ... and when he put you in the hole you just lay there and 's be still ... ' at 's the ony way -- be still ... and remember thing ... but not people . not people ! thing like nature ... wood you be in ... tree be awy good ... he go limp in prew 's arm , slide to the road . group shot warden bend over maggio . the other watch , scared . close shot prew stare down at maggio . group shot warden look up . 121. warden he 's dead . clark Dead ? but he be here just a minute ago . prew bend over , pick up maggio , hold he in he arm gently , unbely . stark fatso 's lucky . they will figure he get kill fallin out of that truck . prew he be not dead . camera move ahead of prew as he carry maggio to the jeep , the other follow . he lift maggio into the rear of , the jeep . warden put he hand on prew 's arm . warden he 's dead , prew . prew stare at maggio , lie in the jeep . Stark get into the front of the jeep . stark I will take he , prew . he start the motor . prew lean over , move maggio 's body a little . prew ( to Stark ) see he head do not bump . the jeep drive off . dissolve to : ext . barracks area - night long shot frame beautifully in the moonlight , the quadrangle and barrack area look like a college campus . silence . no movement . long shot another angle a figure can be see far in b.g , at the bugler 's post beside the megaphone . another figure stand near he . the silence continue , then be break by the sound of the bugle beginning 122 . tap . the first note be incredibly clear and loud and certain . it be hold longer than most bugler hold it . the second note be daringly short , abrupt . the last note of the first phrase rise , peal out , heartfelt . two man come into the shot , smoking . they stop , turn toward the bugler , listen attentively . one of they flip away he cigarette . the tap continue through the follow . int . squad room - night full shot most of the man turn in they bed toward the sound of the bugle . some prop up on they elbow . close shot choate as he listen . a look of mingle long and satisfaction . close shot leva listen . a strange look of pride . close shot mazzioli listen , he face also betray emotion normally conceal . medium shot treadwell and anderson listen . they bunk be next to each other . treadwell ( a reverent whisper ) I bet you it 's prewitt ... ext . porch on barracks - night medium shot Three man come out of the barrack , lean over the porch rail , listen . they face be thoughtful , sad . int . captain office - night medium shot warden the office light only by a light over he desk . he be work late , a sheaf of papers spread out before he . he listen to the bugle call , move , sorrowful . he snap off the light listen in the darkness . ext . quadrangle - night medium close shot prew at the bugler 's post . he be finish the last phrase , full and wonderful . behind he stand Friday Clark , motionless . the final note quiver to silence . prew swing the megaphone for the repeat . then the repeat begin , the clear proud note reverberate across the silent quadrangle . 123 . int . warden' room off squad room - night medium close shot karelsen lie on he back in he bunk , arm clasped behind he head . he listen , he gnarled face the picture of the old soldier . he breathes heavily as if he be hearing he own requiem and epitaph . ext . porch on barracks - night medium shot there be eight or nine man here now , listen . close shot dhom henderson thornhill there be a choke kinship on all the face . int . squad room - night full shot more man be propped on they elbow , they head turn toward the bugler . the dim figure of treadwell can be see at a window now . treadwell ( almost inaudible whisper ) I tell you it be prewitt ... ext . quadrangle - night close shot prew continue the tap . there be tear in he eye now . ext . barracks step - night medium shot a half dozen man be sit on the step , listen , among they Stark and Wilson . Stark shake he head sadly . ext . company STREET - night medium close shot warden listen now on the porch alongside the street . ext . barracks area - night long shot several group of two and three scattered about . they be stand in no particular place , as if they have be walk and stop suddenly . they be all look toward the bugler . 124 . int . squad room - night medium close shot anderson as the tap repeat be draw to a close . he be lie on he side , turn toward the bugler , a look of serenity , of peace on he face . his eye close as he fall asleep . ext . quadrangle - night medium shot prew come to the end of the tap . camera move in to a closeup . prew 's face be wet with tear . his lip be pinch and red . he blow the final note . medium close shot prew and clark prew lower the bugle slowly and let the megaphone rest in its swivel . he withdraw the mouthpiece , put it in he pocket . he hand the bugle to Clark . Clark look at the instrument as if it have become hallow . prew walk off into the darkness . fade out . fade in : ext . new congress club - night tracking shot camera move along street , pass a lone pedestrian . it move toward the sign new congress club , hold beside a open window through which be hear the sound of harsh piano play ; the pound style and lack of shading be clearly fatso judso n's . camera pan and include prew , lean against the building . he be watch the entrance to the Club patiently . there be relentless hatred on he face . the music stop . prew do not move . dissolve to : ext . new congress club - night medium shot at entrance hearty male laughter from within . the door open and fatso and a couple of sailor cane out . they be about to start down the street . prew's voice hello , fatso . fatso look around in direction of voice . camera pan , disclose prew , still lean against the building . fatso squint , not recognize he . 125 . fatso you want I ? prew yeah , fatso . fatso take a couple of step toward prew , squint again . fatso I do not like that nickname . you want to see I about something ? prew yeah . let 's step around the corner here where we can talk prew 's voice be so toneless as to be ominous . fatso ( grin ) okay . good night , gent . the sailor go off . fatso walk into the darkness of a alley next to the building . prew follow . ext . alley - night medium shot prew and fatso just enough light from the street lamp to illuminate about ten foot into the alley . fatso okay . you sore about something ? prew no . I just do not like the way you play the piano . fatso throw back he head and laugh loudly . prew you know maggio ? fatso the little wop ? the one who bust out of the stockade ? sure . he be a real tough monkey . but crazy , see ? prew you kill he . fatso do I ? if I do , he ask for it . 126. prew I hear they be gonna court martial you , fatso . but before the Army get you , I want a piece of you myself . there be the snick of a blade snap open as fatso pull a knife . he move toward prew , who step swiftly to one side . prew I kind think you would try that . there be the same sound as prew pull a knife from he pocket , snap it open , hold it out flat in he hand , show it to fatso . prew this here 's the one you pull on maggio once . reconize it ? fatso dart at prew , knife raise . prew move back , but fatso be on he and they both roll to one side along the building . the movement throw they deep into the shadow . another angle shoot into the shadow the two figure feint and dart . there be the occasional silver flash of the knife as light hit they . the man go deeper into the shadow , be all but lose to view . there be a startle , pain cry . then one of the figure fall to he knee and start to crawl toward camera . close shot shoot near ground as the figure come directly to camera , revealing the anguish face of fatso . it slowly turn , be upside down in the frame . medium shot fatso be on he back , he stomach gush blood he eye already glaze . prew stagger into the light now . his leave side have two vicious cut ; he be bleed badly . he stare down at fatso , who manage a small , reproving voice . fatso you have kill I . why would you want to kill I ? prew back away from fatso , turn , stagger down the alley away from camera . wipe to : 127 . ext . cliff road - night medium shot prew come toward camera , laboriously struggle up the road . his side be hemorrhage steadily , he shirt and trousers blood -soak . he stop close to camera . he wad he handkerchief , stick it inside he shirt near the knife wound . he smile wearily , crookedly . prew ( mumble to himself ) gonna have a awful bad scar there ... he light a cigarette , he finger shaking . the flame from the match illuminate he leave wrist . there be a deep scar on it . it seem to fascinate prew as he stare at it , rub he finger across it . prew scar ... he turn , move on up the road ; camera move close behind he , as if overhear he thought which come over on sound track . prew 's voice ( 0.s. ) get that one fallin off the barn back home ... gash it ona spike ... dad laugh ... Dead now ... uncle John +s dead , too ... prew move away from camera out of shot . wipe to : ext . cliff road - night tracking shot another section of the road camera follows prew , as he keep in shadow , move slowly up the cliff . he be in much pain now . his hand rub across he face ; he finger linger on he forehead near he eye . prew 's voice ( 0.s. ) that cut over the eye ... in the ring at myer ... would not let ' they stop it ... knock the guy out ... sixth round ... camera lose prew again as he stumble into shadow . wipe to : 128. ext . cliff road - night tracking shot site of previous prew -alma scene camera follows prew , who be now fight hard to keep he foot . his hand be press tight to he side . prew's voice ( 0.s. ) ten stitch gash in the hip ... workin in the gym attic ... fall through the skylight ... where be that ?... so many scar ... so many year ... where they all go to anyway . ..? he move on around bend in road out of shot . dissolve to : int . alma' house live room - night medium shot alma and gorgette the radio be blaring the " Hut sut song . " alma be crochet . gorgette be read . camera shoot across they to the front door . the doorknob move slowly , the door open . prew fall into the room and pitch to the floor . alma prew -- she rush to he , bend over he . gorgette run to the radio , turn it off . close shot alma her face agonize as she lean over prew . alma prew ! medium close shot alma and prew he push himself up on one elbow , seem pleased by she stricken expression . he manage a smile . prew ( weakly ) do not worry ... ai not gonna die . they savin I for better thing ... gorgette kneel into shot . prew 's smile become silly as he turn he head to she . 129 . prew ... just come up to borrow a good book . dissolve to : int . general' office - day medium shot general slater colonel william holme the american flag , the General 's flag and the division flag be the only colorful element in a rather severe office . Colonel Williams be read from a type report . colonel william --- in addition to inefficiency in administer he command and neglect of duty , Captain holme have be guilty of indefensible cruelty to the aforesaid private prewitt . this extend to instigate and encourage wholly unauthorize and discreditable tactic to force the soldier to join the inter-regiment box team . this finding be the result of personal investigation by the Inspector General and be corroborate by numerous member of G company . Colonel Williams put he report on the General 's desk . holme 's face reflect a weary resignation as if underneath he have really expect something like this for a long time . he make no move to speak . the General be angry clear through . general slater I be wait for you reply to this . holme I have not any , sir ... the charge -- be true . general slater holme , the first thing I ever learn in the Army be that a officer take care of he man . it seem to be the first thing you forget . it 's monstrous to think of anybody like you in command of troops . and believe I , you will not be for long . my only regret be that we have to keep you in uniform until a court martial be conclude . ( more ) 130 . general slater ( cont would ) in the meantime , of course , I be relieving you of you present duty . he indicate the meeting be over . holme rise , be about to leave , pause . holme if there be any way to avoid a court martial , sir . any way ... the General frown , be unresponsive . holme look to Colonel Williams helplessly . colonel william there be one alternative , General ... if you be so dispose . a resignation for the good of the service under ar 600-275 . general slater ( think a moment ) I will give you a chance you do not deserve , holme . write a letter of resignation and have it on my desk this afternoon . I x11 consider accept it . only because as far as I be concerned , the quick you be out of the Army the better for everybody . especially the Army . dissolve to : int . karen' bedroom - day medium shot karen and holme he confront she , wave a sheet of stationery . his voice be strangle , almost hysterical . holme --- that 's right , it 's a letter of resignation I be through ! I have already be relieved ! so you can begin pack . we be sailing for the States next week ! she shake she head , not want to believe ; she take the letter out of he hand , start to read it . she stop after a sentence or two . her hand fall to she side . holme sit on the bed heavily . the bluster bleed out of he . he shake he head , emotionally bewilder . for perhaps the first time in he life he be nakedly honest . 131 . holme where have it go , Karen ? what happen to it ? the gay , cheerful life we be go to have , you and I ...? what happen to I ...? the proud , dash officer be go to be . the leader of man ?... I have know all along how the man feel about I . they despise I ... what 's happen ? I do not remember lose anything ... where have it all go ? medium close shot karen reacting ; she be surprised , a little afraid of she own emotion . the outcry , so lose , so despair , move she . she be sorry for he . medium shot holme and karen holme Karen -- you be come back with I , be not you ...? tremble , Karen put the letter on the dress table . abruptly , she run out of the room . dissolve to : int . captain 's office - day close shot desk featuring placard read lieutenant ross . we hear Ross ' first few word over this , then camera pull back to medium shot . Ross be forceful , clean -cut , give the impression of toughness but fairness . as he talk he take down the photograph of prize fighter and prize fight from the wall . watch and listen be sergeant dhom , thornhill , Henderson , leva , Stark and karelsen and corporal Wilson . Ross be such a complete switch from holme that the man be almost unnerve by he . but a definite respect be reflect in they expression . warden , beside he desk , share this . ross -- I do not intend to have a sloppy outfit . I do not intend to have a goldbrick outfit . I do not intend to have a soft soap outfit . I have call you noncom in because you be the backbone of any company . ( more ) 132 . ross ( cont would ) from now on you will have to prove you be entitle to have that stripe here . and not in the box ring . he band the picture to leva . ross get rid of this , sergeant leva yes , sir . ross that 's all I have to say . if you have any question , speak up . nobody speak . ross dismiss . the man troop out , pass camera . as last man leave , camera be on warden . he be look at Ross with considerable approval , even admiration . he resume a more normal expression as Ross turn toward he . warden one non - com be miss , sir . sergeant galovitch . ross I know . private galovitch be in the kitchen . warden in the kitchen ? ross as of now , he 's a assistant cook . I bust he . on a blanket charge of inefficiency . what be you grin at ? warden ( grin ) I think the company Commander make a wise decision , sir . the phone ring . warden go to he desk , answer . 133 . warden ( into phone ) compny G , first sergeant warden speak . Karen 's voice be hear on the phone ; we cannot understand what she be say , but a flood of word pour through . with Ross look on , warden be embarrassed . warden ( into phone ) yes ... yes , I know ... ( glance over toward Ross ) yes , the - uh - parcel have already arrive ... yes ... what ?... ( grim now ) no . no , we will have to talk about it soon . right away . I - I do not know ... Ross perceive warden 's distress . he start toward the door warden nod gratefully . Ross smile , leave the room . warden ( into phone ) lissen , I will get away somehow , tonight . I will meet you in kuhio Park . at eight ... right .... he put down the receiver . he stare at the desk . then he slowly pull out the top drawer . the officer application blank be lie on top of a pile of other papers . he take it out , look at it somberly . camera move in to a insert of the application . we see warden 's answer to sex , age , race , etc . camera move down the page to the place for the signature of the applicant . it be unsign . dissolve to : ext . kuhio park - night long shot in b.g. warden , in uniform , and Karen be sit on the same bench as in they first meeting in the park . we can not hear what they be say at first . camera move in past a few pedestrian and hold on a medium shot . there be a defeat , tired look about they , as if they have be talk for a long time to no avail . karen : I guess I feel it that night I ask you to become a officer . when you do not say yes right away . ( more ) 134 . karen ( cont would ) I guess I know deep down you would not do it . but -- ( a hint of tear ) it seem such a simple plan for we ... warden I want to -- I try -- but I could not ... he run he hand through he hair . he seem to be grop inside himself for some way to explain . warden lissen -- there 's a kid in we outfit name prewitt ... Robert E. Lee prewitt ... he come in from the States about a year ago . I think he be a fresh punk at first ... until I get to know he a little . he 's awol right now -- probly in some kind of real trouble -- he be not the kind to go awol otherwise . anyway , I keep remember something he say to I the first day he come in . he say a man have get to go he own way ... if he do not , he 's nothin ... I be a enlist man . I be a first sergeant . milt warden . once I cross that line and try to be a officer , I be somebody I do not know . a stranger . and a man have get to be what he be ... karen I guess that 's the trouble with dana ... he 's always try to be something he be not . poor dana ... I do not think he ever need I until now . ( shake herself out of it ) well , here we be say goodbye . and talk about two other people . warden we be not say good - bye -- we will figger out a way for you to stay here -- karen I be go back with he , milt . there 's something in be need . it be not love . but it 's something . 135 . warden ( desperately ) lissen , two people who love each other just do not stop loving each other ! nothin and nobody be goin to break we up 1 1111 transfer out somehow and get back to the States . maybe it will take a little time but I 'il do it ! karen ( smile ) that sound like milt warden , all right . he bend toward she to kiss she . she press he back . karen no , milt . I do not want to kiss you any more . I just want to remember you . and you to remember I . warden put it down . put it down that on December 6th , 1941 , milton Anthony warden tell you he have remember you ... camera pull back , pass a few pedestrian , warden and Karen remain in b.g. of shot . they begin to talk again , quietly , undemonstratively . we be too far away now to hear what they be say . dissolve to : int . alma' house live room - night medium shot prew and alma alma be read a newspaper in b.g . prew be dishevel and slovenly , need a shave badly . his face be line with pain . he be drunk from several day of steady drink , stone drunk , as if in a trance . he wear crumpled civilian clothes . he be at a table laboriously write out the re-enlistment blue . he finish write a stanza and sing softly . prew slep in the park that Sunday see all the folk gain to church you belly feel so empty when you be leave in the lurch -- alma look up from the paper . 136 . alma here it be -- they be put it on a inside page already . ( read ) ' , .. still no clue in the fatal stabbing of staff sergeant James R. judson ... 's prew , who have stop sing but not turn he head , resume the song . prew Dog soljer do not own pews re-enlistment blue ... alma ( annoyed ) do you hear I ? be you listen or not ? prew nod blankly . he rise slowly and walk across the room toward alma . but he eye be fix on a whisky bottle ona table beside she . he move stiffly , favor he side , he face contort . he pick up the bottle , pour himself a drink . alma ( coldly ) be you try to set a new world 's record ? close shot prew he smile faintly , hold the glass high . prew yeah ... to the memory of Robert E. Lee prewitt , holder of the New World 's record ... two shot prew and alma alma I want to know what you plan to do . prew plan to do ? when ? alma any time . now. tomorrow . next week . prew lessee ... ( count on finger ) ( more ) 137 . prew ( cont would ) ... one ... two ... three ... four ... four day I be awol , be not I ? ( pick up paper , look at date ) ... this be December sixth , be not it ...? alma ( half -tirade , half - wail ) it 's December sixth and you be so drunk you be wall - eye . and all you have do since you fall in here be drink and drink and drink and try to remember that old song of yours . and I want to know what you be go to do ! prew look at she , hurt . he move back to he table , mumble . prew . might ship out on a tramp and go to Mexico and be a cowboy ... alma oh , be sensible ! prew sit at the table again , continue to mumble . prew I be goin back to the compny ... soon 's my side heal ... goin back under my own power ... goin into the ordrly room and ' say hello , warden , private prewitt reportin ... alma ( break ) oh , prew ! prew ! why do you have to do it ? why do you have to kill that man ? prew shake he head sadly as if he do not know the answer . he pick up the paper he have be write on , sing softly , testing the last couple of line affectionately . prew recruitin crew give I the blue Old re-enlistment blue ... dissolve to : 138 . int . mess hall - day full shot camera feature clock on wall read 7:52 . about half the company be at breakfast . there be considerable laughter and horseplay . near the kitchen a dozen man be in the chow line . medium shot featuring warden at the nco table . he rise , carry he plate with he towards the chow line . a sudden , deep - tone , earthquake - like blast shudder through the room . the cup on the table rattle . warden stop , cock he head . the man stop eat , look at each other . anderson ( to the room ) must be dynamitin down to wheeler field . choate they engineer mighty ambitious Sunday mornin before eight o'clock the man resume eat . warden move a couple of step toward the chow line when the second blast hit . it be much heavier and fuller . close shot warden he have a hunch about this now . he reach out to put he plate down , hold it very carefully in both hand . however , he do not bother to see if there be anything under it . the plate fall and crash on the floor a fraction of a second before the third groundswell of blast shake the room . ext . company STREET - day full shot near mess hall a man sprint toward the mess hall , yell to right and leave at the top of he lung . as he approach camera we see it be mazzioli . mazzioli the jap be bombing wheeler field ! it 's the jap ! they be bombing wheeler field ! the jap ! it 's the jap ! I see the red circle on the wing ! long shot shoot up circle on underside of moving plane the roar of the plane over shot moving shot shoot down from jap plane past pilot the figure of mazzioli get closer and closer as the plane 139 . dive toward he , machine gun spitting . medium shot mazzioli as the jap plane flash by close above he . the stone in the pavement pop up . mazzioli flop on the street . the plane zoom . full shot mess hall as the man rush out . in the front rank be warden , karelsen Stark and Choate , Choate carry he half - fill plate in one hand , a mug of coffee in the other . the man stretch they neck , follow the plane . then they look back up the street , camera panning . Far in b.g , a column of black mushroom to the sky . warden dash to mazzioli . camera move in to a close shot as warden bend over he , hoist he to a sit position . he be extremely gentle . mazzioli 's knee be laid open and be bleed freely . warden whip out a handkerchief and start to apply a tourniquet . medium shot some of the man continue to crane at the sky . a few pick up metal link from the jap bullet . nair say ! this 1l1 make I a good souvenir ! a bullet from a jap plane ! warden this be not jawbone ! this be for record . theme real bullet that guy be usin . get inside -- all of ya ! warden get mazzioli to he foot , turn to first man in group surround they . it be Anderson . warden help he over to the hospital . Anderson start mazzioli down the street long shot shoot up to sky a pair of plane be diving toward the street warden 's voice get inside ! medium shot the man rush for cover , all except Choate who be leave alone in shot . he take a big bite of he sausage and egg , hastily downs a swig of coffee . then he throw the plate and cup into the street and dive for cover as the terrifyingly loud noise of the jap plane indicate they be directly overhead . 140 . int . day room - day full shot the man be pour in from the company street , all shouting at once . warden push he way through they and jump up on the pool table . his big voice boom . warden all right , all right , you man ! quiet down ! quiet down ! it 's only a war . ai not you ever be in a war before ? the man begin to quiet down , look to warden respectfully . through the scene the heavy earth shudder be feel and hear as bomb hit in the far distance . also the sound of the strafing plane . warden we be gonna organize a fire umbrella defense . I want the non - com to get bar and ammunition from the supply room and get up on the roof . Henderson , you be in charge of the load detail . get movin ! the non- com push out the door . treadwell hey , what about I ? I be waitin all my life to git to shoot a bar at something ! warden okay . it 's you life . treadwell hurry after the non-com . warden the rest of you guy - the cq will unlock the rifle rack . every man get he rifle and go to he bunk and stay there . and I mean stay there ! I be make each squad leader responsible to keep he man inside . if you have to use a rifle butt to do it , that 's okay , too . there be shout of protest . the man be over the first shock now and beginning to get angry , anxious for action . 141 . warden you hear I ! this be not no maneuver . you go runnin around outside you will get you ear shot off . you want to be heroes , you will get plenty chance later . you will probly have jap in you lap before night . soldier what if they bomb we ? warden you hear a bomb comin , you be free to take off for the brush . but do not worry -- the jap 'il probly drop all they bomb on Pearl Harbor and hickam . they be not gonna waste em on we . so let 's can the chatter . we be wastin time . squad leader , get em upstairs ! squad leader begin to herd they man out . warden jump off the pool table . Stark and karelsen come up to he . stark what you want I to do , first ? I get a hangover , but I can still -- warden you stick in the kitchen and make a big pot of coffee . no -- make a barrel of coffee . karelsen I think I could get one of they jap with a machine gun , milt . we will put the tripod over a chimney . and hold she down by the leg . warden whatever you say , Pete . they smile at each other affectionately , then push into the crowd leave the Day room . ext . supply room - day medium shot the non-coma be argue violently with leva at the door to the supply room . jap plane be loud overhead . 142. leva I do not care . I can not issue any live ammunition without a sign order from a officer . henderson but there be not no officer yet , you jerk ! Lieutenant Ross life off the post . leva ( fold arm ) I be sorry fellow . Lieutenant Ross give I they order himself . no sign order , no ammo . and that 's all they be to it . warden hurry up to the group . dhom he will not let we have no ammo , top ! choate hat get it lock up . a the key in he pocket . warden gimme they key ! leva I can not , top . I get to obey my order . no live ammo without a sign -- they flatten against the wall as a jap plane roar building - high down the street , machine gun flaring . after it pass , they rush back to lava , warden what 's the matter ? you blind ? you see they plane --?! lava put he hand in he pocket protectively , shake he head . leva I be not gonna do it , top . I -- warden okay . Chief , bust the door down . ( to leva ) get the hell out of the way ! 143. Choate , Henderson and dhom back up for a run at the door . leva move in front of the door warden go ahead . bust it down . he will get out of the way . leva remember I warn you . I do my best . warden okay . I will see you get a medal . warden dash up the porch step as Choate , Henderson and dhom launch themselves at the door . leva step aside . the door rattles ponderously , then fly open . the three batter ram careen into the supply room . the man stand by cheer and rush in after they . leva shake he head grimly . int . squad room - day full shot the man be sit on they bunk , unhappily , hold they rifle . other who have sleep through breakfast be dress hastily . warden rush into the room . the man immediately bark ad-libbed question at he : soldier ( ad lib ) what 's the deal , first ? why can not we go up on the roof ? where 's the ammo , top ? be we soljer -- or Boy scout ? warn ( pitilessly ) start rollin full field pack ! we may have to move out of here . squad leader , get em packin ! in b.g. Henderson and other be go up the porch stair to the roof . they tote bar and load clip . karelsen and two helper follow with a heavy machine gun and belt box . warden start for the porch stair . he be attract by something , stop , look out of scene . medium shot thornhill from warden' Pov lie under a empty bunk with three mattress pile on it he be in he underwear and a helmet , hug he rifle . medium shot thornhill and warden 144 , warden you will catch a cold , turp . thornhill do not go out there , first sergeant ! you will be kill ! they be shootin it up ! you will be dead ! you will not be alive any more . do not go out there ! warden you better put you pants on . warden hit the floor as a plane be hear so loud and low it sound as if it 's come right into the room . a dot line of bullet cross the floor and move into warden 's and karelsen 's room . warden jump up and rush into the room . int . warden' room off squad room - day medium shot as warden run in . Broken glass lie all over the floor . bullet hole be stitched across the top of warden 's footlocker . he throw back the lid fiercely . his linen be polka-dotted with hole . he toss out shirt , short , etc. , dig underneath they . he pull out a quart bottle of whisky ; it be untouched . warden smile with relief . he lift the bottle to he lip , drink long and heartily . ext . roof of barracks - day full shot roof about twenty of company gis man , include almost all the non - cam , be on the roof , they be crouch behind the chimney or down on they knee in the corner . the bar be propped on the low wall or chimney top , they muzzle point to the sky . long shot shoot from roof to sky Three jap plane , form a V , be head straight for camera . full shot men on roof dhom ( shouting ) come on , you dirty son -- the scream of the plane drown dhom 's voice . there be a tremendous clatter as the man fire . the jap plane pass , untouched . 145 . from this moment on there be no letup of the noise -- there be a wild cacophony of jap plane , bar , karelsen 's machine gun , the deep sound of bomb hit in the far distance . and Chief Choate , sing the regimental march song , loudly and lustily . another angle as warden come up on the roof through the skylight . he shout incoherently at the man . they shout back in a wild cheer . they be like a pack of hungry man enjoy they first big meal in year . in b.g. the jap V have swing about and head back . warden grab a bar from the roof . close shot flash jap pilot in lead plane grin as he plane dive , its gun roaring . his silk scarf ripple out behind he . medium close shot warden fire the bar , stand , as the jap plane roar over . he stagger back from the recoil . full shot roof the man fire in unison . they rise after the plane pass , shake they fist . Henderson and other of the load detail appear on the roof , bring up more ammunition . close shot featuring warden he let out a hoarse yell of glee and pride . " this be my boy . this be my company , " it seem to say . the man answer back with a great answer shout another angle warden make a tour of the roof , laugh , exhort , slapping the man on they buttock like a quarterback . they respond with tremendous spirit ; they be have one hell of a time . we get only a snatch of what warden be yell . warden -- do not worry about waste ammo ! throw you empty clip down into the yard . the load detail will pick em up -- the sound of a bugle blow insistently be now hear , blend into the rest of the noise . treadwell run to the edge of the roof , look over . long shot shoot from roof to quadrangle at the bugler 's post , Friday Clark be sounding a call . medium shot on roof treadwell turn , yell at the man . 146 . treadwell Friday 's go crazy ! he 's blow the cavalry charge ! ext . quadrangle - day medium close shot clark his cheek puffed , blow the bugle madly . int . live room of alma' house - day medium close shot prew he be lie on a couch in pajamas . he have not shaven , he hair be unkempt . a Radio announcer be hear over shot . prew waken , groggy with hangover and near-delirium , wrestle with the blanket over he . camera pull back to medium shot , disclosing alma and gorgette . they have negligee over they nightgown , be listen to the radio . the announcer 's voice try hard to be calm and official but he can not keep the tremor out of it . ( note : transcript of the actual broadcast have be request . ) radio announcer's voice this be a real attack , not a maneuver . the japanese be bombing Pearl Harbor . please keep in you home . do not go on the street . I repeat , this be a real attack . japanese plane be bombing we naval and army installation . civilian will remain in they home . this be a real attack - the announcer 's voice go on as above . prew ( mutter ) oh , that dirty Germans ... that dirty sneakin Germans ... alma what Germans ?! prew ( point to the radio ) they ... gorgette it 's the jap . the jap ! 147 . radio announcer's voice . attack be now take place at Pearl , wheeler , hickam and schofield ... prew dirty Germans ... alma shake prew , hard . he fall back on the couch , pass out . ext . quadrangle - day full shot the jap strafing attack be continue . they plane be make a figure 8 in the sky . silhouettes of man on the roof can b e see . Friday Clark be blow he cavalry charge . in b.g. man of the load detail be scurrying around . Lieutenant Ross run into shot . camera pan he across the quadrangle toward the barrack . medium shot near barracks Lieutenant Ross be hail by the load detail -- about ten man . he grab a bar and ammunition from they and run into the barrack . the load detail be work feverishly , same carry ammunition into the barrack , other pick up empty clip as they be throw from the roof and hustling they toward the supply room . ext . supply room - day medium shot featuring leva he be work hard , pass out ammunition to member of the load detail . but he shake he head dourly as if the whole thing be still very unofficial . ext . roof of barracks - day full shot as before , pandemonium -- but control and efficient . the man be hoarse from shouting , red -ey , puffing from excitement and exertion . two jap plane swoop past and the full - throat umbrella of fire let loose . Lieutenant Ross clamber onto the roof , stooping under the burden of the bar and load clip . the man greet he with a concerted cheer . two shot lieutenant ross and warden Ross look around the roof , nod with evident approval , clap warden on the shoulder . dhom 's voice here they come , men ! 148. sound of jap plane come up ear-splitt loud . Ross drop down behind a chimney , swing he bar , fire . camera move to include karelsen at the other side of the chimney , fire the machine gun . two soldier hang onto the buck leg of the tripod . two jap plane pass in b.g. of shot , zoom off into the sky . karelsen ( disgustedly ) nut ! led he too tar . medium shot as the man on the roof reload . in the distance the jap plane have turn and be head back for the roof . close shot flash jap pilot in plane they lip curl bitterly as they plane head for the roof . close shot flash wilson fire a bar at the plane . close shot flash dhom fire . close shot flash treadwell fire joyously . close shot flash choate sing as he fire . close shot karelsen fire the machine gun . he yank the tripod away from he helper , pick up the gun , stand and swing it after the plane . the recoil stagger he half way across the roof and deposit he on he rear . close shot jap pilot he jump in he seat like a man tie to a hot stove , throw up he arm helplessly . long shot OPEN field shoot from roof the jap plane burst into flame and crash . full shot on roof the man rise as one with a uproarious cheer . they rush to karelsen , pick he up . warden let go with another of he rebel yell . warden you get he , Pete ! you get he ! 149 . karelsen ( spit over roof ) ah , nobody 's 11 ever know which of we get that guy . another angle as the man return to they position . two plane head for they , pass over as company G let go again with everything it have . wilson ( point after second of the plane ) hey ! that last one be one of ours ! that be a american plane ! warden well , he be not get no business here . we be takin care of this sector ! ross here come a jap ! shot shoot from roof jap plane swoop across the quadrangle about ten foot from the ground . ext . quadrangle - day medium shot near bugler' post Friday Clark , blow the cavalry charge madly , abandon the megaphone as he see the plane come . he drop on he chest hugging the bugle . the plane pass . Clark jump up instantly , resume blow the charge . long shot shoot from roof jap plane the same plane have gain altitude so that it be a few foot above the barrack as it head straight for the roof . medium shot the man flatten , all but warden . he stand , swing he bar toward the plane . camera be angle so that warden be silhouett against the sky as he fire at the jap plane . long shot jap plane it miss the roof by a foot or two , zoom up at a weird angle . a thick cloud of smoke pour out of the engine . the plane fall off on one wing and crash into tree at the end of the quadrangle . close shot jap plane crash . the gas-tank explode . a cloud of fire and black 150 . smoke obscure the screen . dissolve to : int . live room of alma' house - night medium shot prew there be improvise blackout curtain over window and the glass door . the radio be on , volume low , and a announcer ( not the one of the morning ) be dron out a account of Pearl Harbor . prew , still on the couch in he pajamas , look as if he have just struggle to wakefulness . he listen to the radio for a few moment in confuse disbelief . he shake he head vigorously as if to throw off he grogginess . he shake he head again , slowly , more knowingly now , nodd as if he remember something from the broadcast of the morning . then as if all of it hit he suddenly and fully and terribly he wrench himself off the couch . he look around at the dimly light room . prew alma ! alma ! he go to the blackout curtain , peep out . then he turn back to listen to the radio . abruptly , he run into the bedroom . prew's voice alma ! the room remain empty for a few moment as the radio announcer go on , continue previous remark . radio announcer's voice -- ready to fight and die for we we regular Army and navy have this day upheld the faith and confidence we have always place in they . they have prove they right to the esteem we have always have for they ... prew come back into the room . he have he shoe on , hold civilian shirt and pants in he hand . he start to put they on hurriedly , he attention still focus on the broadcast . the front door open and alma and gorgette enter . they be surprised to see prew up . he nod at they , turn back quickly to listen to the radio as he continue dress . radio announcer's voice the attack cause serious damage to many installation of which Pearl Harbor suffer the worst . ( more ) 151 . radio announcer's voice ( cont would ) we will not forget this day -- and we will never let the japanese forget it ... prew ( yell at radio ) you say it ! who they think they be fight in ? ( incoherent with rage ; to girl ) they be pickin trouble with the best Army in -- the best riflemen -- you know we the ony country on the face of the earth that use the shoot gunsling , not the carry gunsling . you know that ? the radio continue on under the scene . alma and gorgette speak breathlessly , in a rush . alma we have be at queen Hospital -- give blood -- gorgette the town 's a madhouse . truck buss , jeep all over -- alma a house on kuhio Street be bomb out -- gorgette and the drugstore on mckully and King be smashed flat . and the man and he wife be kill -- prew gesture to radio as if he 's hear all about it . he stick he shirttail into he trousers . prew I gotta get back to the Post -- I will try to get in touch with you in a couple day -- alma the Post ? tonight ? prew nod vehemently , move across room to a table . alma but why ? 152. prew why ? there 's a war goin on . alma but you can not ! you be not fit yet -- you be weak as a kitten -- you be awol -- they will throw you in the stockade -- prep . ( laugh wildly ) they 's 11 be throwin em out of the stockade . they need every man they can get . he pick up the sheet of paper with the " re-enlistment blue " write out on it , start to fold it . desperation be reflect on alma 's face ; she turn to gorgette , as if plead for aid , gorgette you side 's 1l open up -- alma and they will find out it be you who kill that soldier ! prew shake he head , as if obsessed by only one think . prew once I report in to the compny I will be all right . once I get there . I gotta get back -- alma but you will never make it ! there 's mps all over -- prew I will make it . I will go along the back road . they will let I in the West gate -- they will know I 'ma soljer -- he put the fold piece of paper in he pocket and start for the door . alma stay till morning ! prew glance at alma incredulously . she sob suddenly , violently . 153 . alma maybe if you stay till morning you would change you mind ... she throw she arm around he , cling to he . alma do not go , prew ! I will do whatever you want ... we will figure out a way to get to the States together ... we can even get marry ... if you go I will not see you any more ... I know it ... prew hold she closely for a moment , then move she away from he . he turn toward the door . alma ( tear turn to hysteria ) what do you want to go back to the Army for ?! what do the Army ever do for you ? besides treat you like scum and give you one awful go over and get you friend kill ? what do you want to go back to that for ? prew frown as if he 's not sure he hear correctly . prew what do I want to go back for ? I be a soljer . alma ( laugh wildly ) a soldier ! a soldier ! a regular . from the regular Army . a thirty - year man ! prew sure . a thirty - year man. ( grin ) with only twenty - six year to go . he open the door quickly and slip into the darkness . dissolve to : ext . highway adjoining golf course - night moving shot jeep with three mps the night be inky black except for a little moonlight and the 154 . dimme headlight of the jeep . camera shoot past driver onto the highway as the jeep move slowly along . the two other mps clutch Thompson gun , try to scan the dark countryside . first mp they say they see parachutist land up in the mountain . second mp I be not worried about they . sabatoor be what worry I . driver yeah . theys the creepy one . walkin around just like ordinary civilian . I betcha they operatin all over this island . long shot shoot from side of highway the headlight pass along the road as the jeep move on out of sight . as its sound fade we hear prew 's heavy breathe , be barely able to distinguish he figure in the darkness . he be crouch , watch the car go down the highway . we hear he thought . the voice be labor and agonize . prew's voice ( 0.s. ) almost home ... ony across the golf course ... now ... now ... no ... wait ... gotta be care ?... gotta sweat it out ... he groan , put he hand to he side . in the feeble light from the moon we see blood on he shirt and hand . he look up and down the road . prew 's voice ( 0.s. ) it 's clear now ... gotta get home ... still crouch , prew start across the road . long shot opposite side of road we see nothing but the strip of road , then prewts figure be visible , bent low , weaving a little . as he approach the camera , he be teach square in the twin beam of dimme headlight which flash on from the side of the road . now we see that a jeep be park near camera , head in the opposite direction from the jeep which pass before . it be also manned by three mps . there be a startle cry from prew . mpas voice halt ! 155 . prew start to run back across the road . a white spotlight flash on , its harsh brilliant light follow he . prew slip to one knee . close shot prew look toward the jeep , blind by the blaze light . he have the appearance of a terrify animal . there be a wildness , a senselessness about he . the blotch of blood ooze and spread over he shirt . he pick up a rock from the road . medium shot prew rise , stagger away from the jeep . mpas voice halt ! prew fling the rock desperately toward the light . there be a crash of glass and one headlight wink off . prew run across the road and onto the golf course . medium shot jeep the motor start , the jeep move out from its hide place and start across the golf course . moving shot shoot from jeep prew , in a skirmisher 's zigzag , be try to elude the spotlight . he be about twenty yard in front of the jeep . he head for a high sandtrap . the spot be full on he as he reach the lip of the trap . he turn , yell something back at the jeep . it be barely hear over the sound of the jeep . prew -- I 'ma soljer ! -- mp that guy be not no soljer -- he dint halt -- medium shot prew stand on the lip of the trap , the jeep bear down on he . he turn , start to dive into the trap . a blast of gunfire from the jeep hit he . he fall sideways into the trap , roll over on he back , the jeep move into the shot crawl half - way over the trap , stop , its spotlight pour down on prew . his eye be open , look up to the sky . another angle camera shoot down to prew from top of trap . a portion of the jeep be in shot , but we be not able to see the mps . mp's voice ( quavering , almost tearful ) ( more ) 156 . mp's voice ( cont would ) -- maybe he be a soljer -- I dint mean to kill he -- I dint mean it , guy -- you know we get order -- second mp's voice shut up . the voice be lose as camera move slowly down toward prew 's open eye . we hear he thought on the sound track , clear and fast at first and slow and almost inaudible as the camera reach a full head closeup . prew's voice sweat it out and sweat it out and wait and wait and wait for it ... and now it 's here ... it 's here ... gotta see to do it well ... gotta do it well ... will not take long ... camera move closer to closeup of prew 's open eye . prew 's voice just a little more now ... gotta do it good ... it will be over ... nobody lie ... lonely ... a man have ... get to have some place ... prew 's eye close . the screen goe black . fade out . black leader there be no sound as the screen remain black for several beat . fade in : ext . golf course - night two shot warden and a lieutenant colonel they be look down to camera , which shoot up as if from point of view of prew 's body in the sand trap . the dimme headlight of two jeep illuminate they . warden be fight to control he emotion , to remain the professional soldier the Lieutenant Colonel be disturb , but kindly . lieutenant colonel where 's you company Commander ? warden he 's at headquarters , sir . I be the first sergeant . 157 . lieutenant colonel do you know this man personally ? warden yes , sir . medium shot warden and lieutenant colonel they be stand on the lip of the sandtrap . the hood of the jeep that chase prew and the second jeep be just behind they in shot . lieutenant colonel he do not have any regular identification . but they find a card on he with he name -- ( hold card close to headlight ) -- seem to be a membership in a club . the -- New Congress Club . warden yes , sir . the Lieutenant Colonel hand the card to warden . lieutenant colonel I will turn this over to you . and this other thing that be on he . this -- he unfold a sheet of paper , hold it to the headlight . he and warden squint at it . insert : crumpled sheet of paper with penciled writing : " re-enlistment blue " be write at the top . the stanzas of the song be beneath the head . lieutenant colonel' voice seem to be acme sort of poem . warden' voice yes , air . very softly , so distant that we can only distinguish a word or two now and then , we hear the voice of Clark , Anderson and prew sing the " re-enlistment blue . " the plaintive melody continue under the rest of the scene . medium shot warden and lieutenant colonel lieutenant colonel and this . whatever it be . 158 . he hold prew ' 's bugle mouthpiece up to the light , give it to warden . warden hold it in he hand , stare at it . under the " re-enlistment blue , " even softer , farther away , we now hear prew 's bugle blow tap . it continue , with the song , to the end of the scene . warden it 's the mouthpiece of a bugle . the Lieutenant Colonel look at warden closely . lieutenant colonel be you all right , sergeant ? be this man a friend of yours ? warden speak very formally . warden Sir , this man be a good soldier . he love the Army moren any soljer I ever know . I would like to make a formal request that this body be bury in the Army 's permanent cemetery at schofield barrack . lieutenant colonel I believe I can attend to that for you . warden thank you , sir . lieutenant colonel I be sorry , sergeant . the Lieutenant Colonel walk off . another angle warden including prew 's body in the shot as warden look down at it . he look at it for several moment . the tap be just come to a end . warden speak very quietly . warden no , sir . I hardly know the guy ... dissolve to : ext . honolulu harbor - day long shot shoot from dock to ship leaving harbor tap and the re-enlistment blue be sweep away by the lush strain of aloha oe . the Hawaiian music continue through the scene . 159 . ext . promenade deck of ship - day medium shot karen she be look back at the city . around she neck be a garland of leis . long shot honolulu from deck of ship karen' Pov alma' voice it 's very beautiful , be not it ? medium shot karen she turn and camera pan to include alma in shot , stand beside Karen . she be dress in black , quite severely . karen ( sociably ) I think it 's the most beautiful place I ever see in my lire . alma no one would know there be a war from out here . Karen take off she leis , begin toss they over the rail . karen there 's a legend . if they float in toward shore , you will come back some day . if they float out to sea , you will not . alma I will not come back . I have to get away from here . you see , my fiance be kill on December seventh . karen oh , I be sorry . alma ( quickly , as if rehearse ) he be a bomber pilot . he try to taxi he plane off the apron and the jap make a direct hit on it . maybe you read about it in the papers . they award he a Silver Star . they send it to he mother . she write I she want I to have it . 160 . karen ( toss the last of leis over ) that 's very fine of she . alma they be very fine people . Southern people . he be name after a General . Robert E. Lee -- prewitt . Karen look at alma numbly . alma be look out across the water . karen who ? alma Robert E. Lee prewitt . ( on verge of tear ) be not that a silly old name ? long shot leis in water they be float on the water behind the ship . they be be carry out to sea . close shot single let a choppy wave wash over it , submerges it . fade out . the end