frost : portrait of a vampire frost : portrait of a vampire Gallery Review " a killing frost " late shoot script written by Kevin vanhook , some scene do not make the final cut of the movie , so I have list this as ' delete scene ' . scene index scene 1 : present Day San Diego , California scene 2 : Russian occupy Northern Afghanistan , August 1989 scene 3 : mountaintop mercenary Camp , Northern Mexico - one year later scene 4 : rosie 's bar scene 5 : micah 's Museum scene 6 : High Desert scene 7 : micah 's Art Gallery scene 8 : the Mountains of bacanora , North Mexico , two day later scene 9 : High Desert and mexican jail scene 10 : the General 's Camp in the Mountains of bacanora , North Mexico scene 11 : mexican jail scene 12 : the General 's Camp in the Mountains of bacanora , North Mexico scene 13 : mexican jail scene 14 : mexican jail scene 15 : the General 's Camp in the Mountains of bacanora , North Mexico scene 16 : Nancy 's House scene 17 : aeroplane scene 18 : frost 's Home scene 19 : rosie 's bar - massacre scene 20 : frost 's Home scene 21 : Street scene 22 : micha 's Art Gallery - vampire lore explain scene 23 : rosie 's bar scene 24 : frost 's Home / San Diego Police Department scene 25 : sewer scene 26 : Nancy 's House scene 27 : Discovery of Jill 's death scene 28 : confessional scene 29 : cemetary scene 30 : epilogue , San Diego , present Day deleted scene open credit High Desert : nat 's survival the General 's Camp , frost 's rampage nat kill a biker micah and frost bookshop frost 's bedroom cemetary , nat kill Nancy scene 1 : present Day San Diego California fade in : ext. parking lot - Day . title : present day [ a homicide investigation in a small parking lot . a photographer take photo of the body ; a young woman , about twenty . Police mill about . some take measurement and other be recording statement . a police cruiser slowly drive into the parking lot . in the front passenger seat be micah tome , a blind man . dan richardson , a homicide detective , who be stand near the body , walk to the car and greet micah as he step out . ] dan : I be glad you could come , micah . micah : you sound pretty serious on the phone . [ the two man walk away from the other so that Dan can quietly bring micah up to speed . ] dan : I have not see anything like this in awhile . ( beat ) almost ten year . [ micah 's head snap up a bit in understanding . ] dan : there 's a dead girl on the ground over there … and there 's no blood leave in she body . clean as a whistle . [ micah let 's out a long , slow exhale of breath . ] micah : you talk to Jack ? dan : not yet . I have not be up to see he for awhile . there be not much I could do … after … [ he let the think trail off , half -finish . ] micah : can I get a little closer to the body ? [ two officer carry the body on a stretcher with a plastic sheet over it . Dan motion for they to stop and lift the sheet . micah move toward it and reach out , find , then gently stroking the dead girl 's forehead . he nod to Dan and Dan gesture for the officer to take the girl away . alone again , micah lift he hand and gently smell it ] micah : I do not think you be go to have much choice , Dan . you will need Jack 's help on this . [ he start to turn away ] dan : I think this be all over a long time ago … micah : you know before you ever ask I to come here . it 's start all over again . dan : how can you be so…certain ? micah : because I be not look with my eye . ( beat ) whoever kill this girl be already dead themselves . [ Dan walk away with micah toward the squad car and the camera settles low to the ground , near the outline of where the body have lain ] micah : a lot of people do not know about evil . not real evil , anyway . they use to . a hundred year ago , people be smart enough to be afraid of that thing that move in the shadow . ( beat ) take Jack for instance . he do not believe in anything that he could not see with he own eye . he have to be able to touch it … before he know it be real . his buddy nat be the total opposite . you remember . not real religious , but love the pomp and circumstance . crucifix , rosary … the scary stuff from movie . ( beat ) two man . they be best friend until one of they die . ( beat ) then they be enemy . back to top deleted scene : Russian occupy Northern Afghanistan , August 1989 open credit dissolve to : ext . the Afghanistan countryside - night title : Afghanistan , eleven year ago . [ smoke and fire filter up through the night sky as we dolly past the remain of a burntout building , smolder . lying amongst the char rubble , we see a Russian soldier . he be dead ; he throat rip out , he vacant eye stare upward . continue the dolly and we see the lifeless form of a young man , perhaps eighteen year old . he too have blood spatter on he neck and it be clear that he be no longer alive . a dark shape move nearer - one that at first we do not notice , but have take as part of the debris . the shape turn , and we see it be a man ; a wild , wide - eye expression on he face , he victim ' blood stain he chin . in a instant , he dart out of view and the camera pan up to the darkness of night . open credit .] back to top scene 2 : Russian occupy Northern Afghanistan , August 1989 CUT to : ext . the Afghanistan countryside - day title : a CIA - back mercenary campaign . Afghanistan , two day later . [ aerial shot of the mountainous desert . we track with a Russian hind helicopter . Inside the cockpit , we see the Russian pilot and a small sway , plastic hula girl on he dash . slight upshot on a halftrack make it 's way toward camera . it 's a large vehicle - - half tank and half truck , capable of carry a hefty group of soldier into combat . this one have a 50 cal machine gun mount on top . we be on the desert floor , with ridge and mountain rise up on all side . the half - track be very close to a small boulder - cover hill as it lumber to a halt . suddenly , the air be fill with the sound of income artillery and the halftrack be rock from the explosion . russian soldier mill about , try to see where they attacker be . a billow cloud of dust explode within a dozen foot of the " driver 's side " of the vehicle . as the smoke clear , we see a man , frost , stand on a distant ridge , a rocket propelled grenade launcher in he hand . the russian commander madly gesture for the big 50 cal machine gun to aim at the attacker . ] russian commander : shoot he ! shoot he !! he 's only one man !! [ the Machine gunner start to spin the massive weapon around . close on the russian commander who 's practically foam at the mouth . suddenly , a coconut-sized rock strike he in the temple , graze he , but draw blood . he turn in anger to see who strike he . Pov , we see at least twenty mujahadeen fighter jump up from behind the boulder , AK - 47' in hand scream at the Russians . it 's a ambush . close on the russian commander , shocked that he would be dupe . wide shot of the mujahadeen storming down the hill to overtake the Russians . pan right -- we know what 's go to happen with this soldier -- we story be with the lone figure we see in the distance . end pan on frost stand on the ridge , lowering the rpg . he begin to turn around and walk down the other side of the ridge . frost : clean . non-interventive . just like the CIA spook ask for . ken : non-interventive ? ken : ( in scotty-speak ) you have break the prime-directive , cap and ! you have give the emerge race a helpin ' hand against the technologically superior oppressor ! frost : thanks , scotty . nick : man. Star Wars . I love that movie . [ Ken look at he friend in disgust . ] ken : you be so hopeless . no pop-culture sensibility whatsoever ! [ nat turn to see a russian hind helicopter come in the distance . ] nat : incoming ! [ the helicopter bear down on they and the team split up , run in opposite direction . Jack and nat be follow , with the hind go into a strafing run . they manage to avoid get shot and the helicopter overtake they , pass they up . they only have a few second to prep a rocket propel grenade before the Pilot turn he craft back on they . nat toss the grenade to frost , who load the launcher . the hind wheel around to take another shot at the two man . frost take aim … slowly … he will only have one shot at this . just before the gunner can aim , frost fire the rocket , blow the helicopter out of the sky in a fiery explosion . walk through the wreckage , we see the Pilot 's hula girl , now singe and melting , lie on the ground . a hand ( nat 's ) reach down and pick it up . ] [ dissolve to : crane shot of frost and four other mercenary walk down on the other side of the ridge . among the band be : jonathan " jack " frost : a six - foot , three - inch man with black hair and a full beard and mustache . nat mckenzie : a unshaven man in he mid-thirty with long , unkempt hair . he have a little bit of the Southern rebel in he . ken pflug : a powerfully build black man , approximately five foot , ten inch tall . nick stanly : very lean , with a close - cropped military - style haircut . kocha , one of the merc be work on the halftrack , with it 's hood up . ] frost : be you about finish fix this thing ? kocha : just about . this be 1940 's american technology . shit will run forever . ( smile , patting the half - track . ) [ frost glance up the hill behind kocha at a group of Afghanistan villager . ] frost : what 's up with they ? kocha : same shit , different country . they want you help with ... hell , I guess you would call it a civil matter . ( beat ) I do not understand it all . ' side , Danny 's the translator . [ frost begin to walk away , to meet with the villager but turn back to kocha before leave . kocha 's start to get up from the crate . ] frost : kocha ... kocha : yeah , cap ? frost : you and I know who 's side we be on here ... but that do not mean this people will not turn on you . they do not like we much more than they do the Russians . ( beat ) watch you back . [ kocha be walk away toward the other side of the vehicle . ] kocha : aw , Hell ... close on frost 's face , we see kocha walk away , reflected in he sunglass . kocha :... I be bear under a lucky star . [ dissolve to : the merc walk up to the villager . several rural villager be surround a thin , stringy - muscle man who 's hand be tied by a thick rope . one of the man push the prisoner from behind , knock he down onto the ground in front of the merc . ] villager : ( in Afghanistan dialect ) this man be a demon . he have kill three of we child . kill he ! frost : what would he say , Dan ? dan : he say that this man be some kind of monster . he murder three of they kid . apparently , he would be kill for awhile , but ... frost : but what ? dan : he would only be kill Russians . they think he be a avenge demon . now that most of the Soviets be go , he 's turn on the local . nat : ran out of red meat ...? ( to the villager ) so you own damn demon jump up and bit you on the ass --? ( he laugh ) frost : what do they want we to do about it ? dan : they want we to kill he , Captain frost . nat : for cryin ' out loud , tell they we be not with bloody NATO . let them bribe one of they cop to do he job for a change ! ken : what do you want to do , cap ? frost : nat 's right . we should not get involved in this . [ Dan turn to the villager and begin make dramatic hand gesture as he speak , shaking he head and point to the prisoner as if talk to a deaf person . ] dan : ( in Afghanistan dialect ) I be sorry . we can not do that . you need to take this man to the police ... or the mujahadeen . [ the man shake he head violently . he 's not take no for a answer . ] [ pan right , to a woman walk up carry the body of a five year old girl . her clothes be dirty and tatter . the woman be cry . zoom out as she give the body over to the villager who be speak earlier . at the end of the zoom out , we see nick reveal in the foreground frame right , turn he head back to camera -- frost 's Pov .] villager woman : ( in Afghanistan dialect ) this man be a demon . he steal she life . he must be kill and he body burn . the soldier have take we weapon . help we . [ the woman move closer to frost , pull on he shirt , begging . ] villager woman : ( in Afghanistan dialect ) please . help we kill the demon . dan : ( look at frost ) she say that he be a demon and we have to kill he and burn the body . they can not do it ' cause of they religion ... and something like a curse . [ nat walk over to the prisoner and grab a fistful of hair , lift he head up . ] nat : of course , they do not care if we get curse . ( beat ) ( in a laugh , snide way ) give we a look , mr.demon . [ cu on the prisoner . downshot , nat 's Pov . we see that he have red-rimme eye , deeply sink in he head with pierce black irise . he bite nat on the forearm , break the skin . ] nat : he bit I ! prisoner : ( chuckle a low gutteral laugh , deep in he throat . ) [ nat stumble back , let the man go and pull he sidearm , fire it into the man 's skull not once , but empty the clip . frost move quickly , shove nat hard on the shoulder . ] frost : what the Hell do you think you be do , nat ?! [ nat snarl back , get right up into Jack 's face , defy the drastic difference in the two man 's height . ] nat : I put that godforsake thing out of we misery , that 's what ! you do not look into it 's eye , Jack ! ( beat ) this people be right -- it be not human ! it bit I ! frost : be you say he be possess ? nat : no ... I be say that Satan himself jump up from the fiery pit of hell , crawle he way up this raghead 's ass and drive he bug-nut crazy ! ( beat ) that thing be as close to Hell as I would care to look for awhile . and I would think you would feel the same way . frost : maybe I do not believe in Hell . nat : oh , that 's right . Jack frost do not believe in anything he can not touch or taste or smell . well , I be tellin ' you now , there be some thing you can not explain . ( beat ) sometimes you have get to take matter into you own hand . [ we come in tight on Nick and Ken . they be discuss what 's go on . ] nick : what 's he talk about ? why would he blow that freak 's head off ? ken : more thing in heaven and earth , Horatio ... nick : screw this , Ken ! I do not know what the hell he be go on about and now you be start ! ( beat ) and who the hell be Horatio ?! [ nat spit on the ground and cross himself . then walk back to the villager and Nick . ] nat : ( look at Nick ) burn it . [ medium shot of a pile of stick - be light on fire . the prisoner 's body be throw on the pile . as it land , we see a sharp , jag end of one of the stick pierce the body . smoke rise off of it before the flame can reach it . fade to black ] [ ext . camp site - night Nick , Ken and frost be seat around a campfire that night . Nick be clean he pistol . frost be take note in a journal .] ken : you do know you have clean that thing three time tonight , do not you ? nick : I be not sleepy . ken : yeah , well if you keep - frost : can you guy take it down a few notches ? ken : when be you go to let we read you book , mr.bigshot writer ? frost : it 's art history , Kenny . you would not like it . it 's not the kind of book that come with crayon . ken : ha-bloody ha . nat : ( offscreen ) aaaaghhh ! [ the three man jump up , run to the sound of nat 's voice . ] frost : nat --?! [ they reach nat , who 's stand near he tent , hold a burn ember from the fire , like a small torch . he 's hold the flame near he forearm . ] nat : I be alright . just try to … [ nat 's start to collapse when frost catch he . he pick he up and carry he to the campfire . ] frost : dammit , nat … ( to Ken ) ken-grab the medic kit-nick , you get you canteen on you ? nick : get it , cap . [ frost take the canteen and pour some water on to nat 's bite wound . it bubbles and look hideous . nat stir , raise up and grab at frost , cough , before pass out . ] nick : damn , cap and . you think that guy have raby ? frost : I do not know what he have - we have just get to get nat clean up and get some antibiotic in he . ( beat ) I do not take any chance . [ Ken run up , carry the medic kit . he kneel beside frost and pull start clean the wound with alcohol . ] ken : that be nasty ! [ frost take a SMALL flashlight and check nat 's pupil . lightly slap nat 's face , waking he . ] frost : wake up , nat . you do alright , buddy ? [ nat start to wake up . Ken have to struggle to hold nat 's arm as he finish apply a new bandage . ] ken : hang on , tough guy . there . good enough for government work , anyway . [ nat be look straight into frost 's face for a beat-search for something . ] nat : I be sorry about you eye , Jack . frost : what ? ( shaking he head as he realize ) Drop it . what be you do back there ? nat : try to cauterize the wound - that thing get something in I , Jack . I know you do not believe I , but I can feel it . I should not have get so close to that thing . frost : it 's do . you probably do everybody a favor . come on , let 's get you in the sack . [ nat be weak . frost pick he up effortlessly and carry he to nat 's tent . Nick and Ken stay behind . ] ken : you catch that thing about nat be sorry for the Captain 's eye ? ( beat ) you have notice that you never see we illustrious leader without he shade , have not you ? nick : I just think he like how they look . [ Ken poke at the fire with a stick . ] ken : right . this hellhole 's all about the fashion statement for I , too , no , he can not stand bright light . he take a load of flash powder from a phosphor grenade in the face a couple of year ago . nearly blind he . nick : damn . ken : thing be , he 's not the one that hit the tripwire . nat go charge in some place he do not belong and capt and frost see the trigger at the last second and push he out of the way . ( beat ) they have be friend longer than I or Dan have know they . like family - and it do not matter how much family piss you off , they be still family . [ dissolve to : int . nat be tent - night frost seat , cross -legge in the tent . nat be sleep , hold the burnt hula doll in he hand . he reach up to he sunglass and start to pull they away . before we see he eye … … nat sit up violently .] nat : incoming ! frost : it 's ok , nat -there 's nothing income - you be dream -- nat 's insistent . nat : can not you hear ? we have get to take cover !! [ frost stop for a second to listen and we hear nothing . then , close on nat . we hear the drone of a motor coming closer . it 's another chopper . special , vampire SOUND indicate that we be hearing something supernatural . ] nat : we have get to move !!! [ now we hear the chopper with normal sound . it be accompany by the SOUND of gunfire from outside . men be scream . frost stick he head out the tent and we see chaos - flash of light and explosion . the light on the attack helicopter be visible in the nightsky . kocha be run . he start to head toward he friend , but … … a strafing line follow kocha with twin trail of dust hit chase he as he run . ] frost : kocha !!! [ we see kocha , silhouett by the blast . close on frost . the tragedy sweep across he face . the bullet hit pick up again , this time head for the tent . frost run back toward the tent and grab nat , haul he out of the line of fire . the tent explode in flame … frost and nat exchange look . both man wonder how nat have hear this chopper come . close on frost , the reflection of the flame in he glass . we hear the scream of the die . the rpg - ( rocket launcher ) be near the burn tent . frost run for it - grab it up , load and fire … flash to white : back to top scene 3 : mountaintop mercenary Camp , Northern Mexico - one year later title : one year later [ int . mercenary camp bunkhouse - mexico - night extreme closeup on nick . he be shake and sweat dot he forehead . ] nick : I swear to GOD , nat ! I will do it ! I will blow she damn head off ! [ nat McKenzie be stand / half lean against a wooden cot . a prostitute , sherri - a pretty young woman be hang on one arm , though he seem to be ignore she and he have a Beer in he hand . ] nat : I do not care what you do to she . [ wider on Nick . he raise a pistol , aim it . reverse angle , down the barrel of the gun from Nick 's Pov . Rack focus to reveal : the burnt remain of the cockpit hula girl from the Desert scene . a blur move in and the doll be go . Nick squeeze the trigger and a shot be fire . wide shot . nat move toward Nick , knock the gun back . he 's hold the doll in he other hand . ] nat : hey ! you do not go shoot at a man 's good luck charm ! sherri : how would you grab that thing so fast ? nick : give I back my money ! ken : ( off screen ) you do steal he money , nat . [ pull back to show several merc scattered around the room . some have a girl that they be make out with . some play card , other be just drink beer and hang out . many be the same man from the earlier scene in Afghanistan . Ken be seat at a small table and play card with cooley , a new face in the group . another prostitute be sit on he lap . nat be pick up he hula girl souvenir and give Ken a dirty look . ] nat : Ken , you see it ! I win it fair and square in poker ! ken : the man get up to take a piss and you look at he card . ( firmer ) nat . nat : what , mr.buttinsky ? ken : can we get on with more … ( lick he girl 's neck ) … important thing ? [ some wad ten dollar bill hit Nick in the face as he look up . ] nick : choke on it . you , too , Ken ! [ tighter on nat and he girl , Sherri as they move away from the other . nat 's kind of ignore she , but she 's persistent . she stroke he back and shoulder with she fingertip . ] nat : sorry . I be not in the mood . nick : now , that 's a first . since when have you turn down anything hot-bloode ? nat : it 's not the hot-bloode part that … never mind . I be just not in the mood , okay ? sherri : what 's the deal with the little burnt - up doll , anyway ? nat : this little thing , be a memento from some scary time . we be be chase by a big Russian chopper in the middle of god-forsaken Afghanistan . the twin over there run off in the other direction while I and we Captain try to draw the Russian 's fire . [ Sherri 's eye grow big as saucer as she listen . ] nat : I know I have to think of something quick . one of we have a rpg - that 's like a rocket launcher . and the other one have the rocket . we only have one chance . I have the Captain toss I the rocket and I blast the Communist menace right out of the sky . [ ten foot away , Ken fake a sneeze . ] ken : ahhh_bullcrap ! nat : this little lady fall to the ground at my foot . it 's be my good luck charm ever since . nick : be not too much luck for the Pilot of that hind ! sherri : wow ! what happen to you Captain ? do he make it ? [ nat place the burnt hula girl next to a hunt knife on a small shelf over he bunk . ] nat : yeah . he make it . he just get tired of play soldier . Left we kid behind in the sandbox . sherri : so you be the Captain now ? nat : no…there 's a lot of politics and stuff . paperwork . probably some math . I really do not want to get into that whole mess . captain : ( off screen ) besides , that 's my job . [ slight upshot on the captain , a tall gray-haire man in he late forty stand in the doorway . he be light from behind and look quite impose . ] captain : you man do a excellent job . the people of bacanora , Mexico have a new leader thanks to we assistance . the General send he regards . you will each be receive a substantial bonus before you leave . nat : how soon you gonna get we transport up here ? s'about time we get off this damn rock . y'know ? captain : soon . you have earn this chance to unwind . there 's plenty of booze and this lady do not seem to mind you company too much . maybe another fifteen minute . [ Ken pflug take a break from he party . ] ken : some of we like it slow and easy , Sir . better make it twenty . captain : take you time . there 's no rush . ( beat ) enjoy , fella . [ the Captain turn and leave , close the door behind he . in the deep shadow , the mercenary continue they celebrate with the lady . medium close on nat . he 's sit on the bed , very somber look . the lighting should be very moody . he 's clearly a different man than he be in the earlier scene . Sherri be on the bed as well . she crawl up toward he . he glower at she and she lie beside he , not touch he . slow motion begin as nat turn he head to face she , he long hair drape across she skin . his eye catch the sight of she lovely throat - a gentle throbbing come from below the surface of she skin and we hear a amplified heartbeat rise in the soundtrack . his eye betray a primal hunger - foreshadow of the transformation to come . his lip part … . from off -screen , we hear in vampire SOUND : a metallic clinking sound and shuffling feet . close on nat 's eye as they dart around the room . no one seem to hear it .] nat : get down ! sherri : ( think he 's talk to she ) you do not need to shout , honey - nat : ambush ! ken : be you have a flashback , you crazy son of a -- [ steadicam backward across the room . we pass ken and he girl and pivot toward the door at the end of the room as it … … burst OPEN and three black - dress merc open fire with automatic rifle . Nick be drunk and the attack strike he as a surreal dream . he slowly look down and see that he be still hold he pistol . as the realization take hold , he simply raise it and fire at the oncoming attacker , strike one in the shoulder , send he back into the wall . the remain attacker take revenge , fire several round into Nick . ] all : ( scream ) nat : set-up ! [ nat kick up at the shelf over he bed , send … … the hula girl and hunting knife into the air , where he catch one in each hand . the knife be hurl at one of the attacker , catch he in the throat . the third attacker fire at nat , but they be too late . he leap over to the bed cooley and he girl be on . the force of he weight tip the bed over and it wind up on its side , to be use as a shield . ken shove he girl down to the ground , try to get she out of the line of fire . he round the table and slam one fist down , tipping it over to shield he from the attack . playing card , Beer bottle and a pistol fly into the air . Ken catch the gun and fire back at the attacker , but miss . a bullet strike Ken 's girl , kill she . another bullet nearly take Ken 's head , splintering the table . behind the bed , nat be watch the battle . he shove the hula girl into he waistband . Sherri be behind he . ] nat : ken ! the window ! get over here ! [ Ken be trap by a barrage of gunfire . ] ken : I would not get five foot ! get out of here !! [ Ken fire again at the attacker , but be shot by the man that Nick wounded . ] nat : can you run , Sherri ? ( beat ) Sherri ? [ nat look back and see Sherri be dead ; a bullet wound in the forehead . close on nat . rapid intercut between image of nat 's bloodlust and the blood drain from Sherri 's head . he be completely transfix . his lip curl back and … cooley . the girl be dead , man - we gotta go for it ! cooley make a gambit for the sole window in the room , with nat not far behind he . just as he leap to break through the glass , he 's hit from behind and he body go sailing into the window . the glass shatter and he body come to rest on the shard , half in and half out of the window . nat do not slow a bit . he continue run and jump , have to actually climb over he friend 's dead body to escape the bloodbath . bullet richochet all around he . ] nat : ( whisper under he breath ) sorry , buddy . [ the hula girl fall from he waistband , hit the floor . just before he can make it , he catch a bullet in the side . cu of nat 's face as the force of the gunblast be still send he forward and out of the window , into the darkness . shock and pain read on he face . medium upshot of the captain in the doorway . he be mostly light from the harsh light in the hallway behind he . smoke from the gunplay hover in the room . ] captain : hold you FIRE ! captain : ( turn to someone unseen in the hallway ) do you wish to inspect the room , Sir ? [ closer on the Captain who fill the leave side of frame . soon , we see a man , slightly older than the Captain , with a very commanding presence . he be the General . keep he light low -key , with strong shadow play across he harsh face . the General make a slow , visual appraisal of the room . finally , he turn he attention back to the Captain . ] general : ( calmly ) where 's McKenzie ? captain : he ...jumped . out the window . ( beat ) do you want a search team send out , Sir ? [ the General slowly cross the room . he look down to the floor and see … … the fall hula girl doll . he pick it up and casually inspect it , then place it in he pocket . he step over the corpse and look out the window , past the impale body of cooley . ] general : no . [ the General 's Pov , look down at the sheer drop-off immediately outside the window . the night be dark , but we can see that the cliff wall go on for hundred of foot -- straight down . ] general : there 's no need . [ close ( slight downshot ) on the General as he turn back around to face the Captain . ] general : get this mess clean up . the new recruit be due in two week . CUT to : ext . night [ freefall with nat , fall from the window . it be obvious now that he be fall for hundred of foot . sonar Pov - vampire vision . the darkness be illuminate in a odd variation of night vision . this be how nat see now . rushing up at he , he see a branch jutting out from the mountainside . he grasp for it … … and make it . a normal man would have he arm wrench from the socket . but nat McKenzie be no longer a normal man . pull back to reveal nat hang by one hand . he 's bruise and bloody , look up to the distant window he fall from and try to stay out of sight . he be conceal from view by the outcropping of rock immediately above he . close on he face as we see a look of anguish . his mouth slowly open to let out a silent wail and we see that he have fang . pan down to he side . with he free hand , he lift he shirt , show that the bullet wound in he side be already heal … . slowly , he begin he long , treacherous journey down the face ...] back to top scene 4 : rosie 's bar CUT to : int . rosie 's bar - day [ Pov from the center of a table look out at a crowd of perhaps a dozen onlooker cheer on they favorite contestant in a arm wrestle contest . many of they be biker type , but there be a good mix of clientele ... some wave money , gambling on the outcome . ] onlooker 1 : take he down , kocha ! onlooker 2 : quit play with he , Jack !! break he ! [ extreme c.u. on two fist lock together , arm wrestle . pull back to show frost . he 's arm - wrestle with John kocha , the merc work on the halftrack in Afghanistan . he wear a red bandana on he head and have a biker style of dress . both be well - build . kocha have sweat visible on he forehead . close on kocha . he 's slowly lick he lip , look up at frost . ] kocha : you mean what you say back there ? ( beat ) about the beer ? [ Close on Jack . his movement be small , confident . a barely perceptible nod . close on kocha again . vein pop out on he neck as he strain . ] kocha : good . [ pull back , frame from the waist up , to show kocha take frost 's arm to the table . he 's win . the crowd go wild . money exchange hand among a few of they . some be obviously happy with the winner ; other be annoyed . ] kocha : ( grin ) you be good , Jack ! almost have I for a minute ! [ a beautiful woman stand near frost look down at he as he gently rub he hand , clenching and unclench he fist , return the circulation . she be nancy mckenzie , five foot , four inch tall . ] nancy : I think you never lose ... get soft in you old age , Jack ? frost : ( slightly annoyed ) he do have a advantage . I have not spend the last year learn to walk on my hand . [ now we pull back farther to show full figure of frost and kocha . kocha brace he palm on the table between they and spin himself to the ground . he have no legs below the waist . he get on a skateboard and make he way to the bar . the crowd part to let he pass , some cheer he for he triumph . ] kocha : ( shout ) hey , Tom -- beer for everyone ! it 's on frost ! [ frost rise , lean in and kissing the woman on the cheek . ] frost : Nice to see you , Nancy . [ medium close on Nancy as she look up at Jack . ] nancy : thanks for meeting I . I know you be busy . I hear you be go to be signing you new book on Sunday . [ frost nod and gesture for Nancy to sit down and join he . ] nancy : Far cry from mercenary work . it 's a art book , be not it ? frost : High Renaissance . Northern italian painter , primarily . [ Close on Nancy . she 's silent . obviously she have something on she mind , but do not know how to broach the subject . she subconsciously chew on she lip . frost gesture to the bar . ] frost : would you like something to drink ? nancy : no . [ close on Nancy . ] nancy : thanks for be so patient with I , Jack . I never be any good at small talk . ( beat ) nat 's miss . frost : how long ? nancy : he take off about three month ago to join a group of guy that go to Mexico . do you hear about the revolution in bacanora ? frost : I catch something on CNN . nat be fight for the revolutionist ? [ Nancy nod , sighing deeply . ] nancy : mmmhmmm . a lot of the old gang go -- cooley , sharp - - several of the guy . even Kenny and Nick . frost : I think that all shook out a month ago . out with the old regime , in with the new . nancy : it do . I get word from nat that he be on he way stateside . they basecamp be in Northern Mexico someplace and he be go to stop over there for debrief . he always party a little after a job , so ... I do not expect he right away . ( beat ) but , that be two week ago . back to top deleted scene : nat 's survival CUT to : ext . Desert - night pan down from the full moon into the Southern California desert . smoke rise , crossing the face of the moon . tilt down to reveal nat , crosslegge before a campfire . he have the remain of a lizard skewer on a stick , cooking it over the fire . another lizard scurries by and nat 's hand dart out and grab it , bring it up to he mouth to take a bite out of the still squirming creature . c.u . he look haggard , bruise and scary . his dirty , matte hair hang in front of he eye and the firelight play eerie shadow across he face . blood ring he mouth . back to top scene 5 : micah 's Museum [ this be actually a flashback use in scene 7 in the final cut of the film ] dissolve to : int . San diego Museum of art - night [ intercut several image of the museum . painting from various period hang on the wall . statues from ancient Greece as well as remington bronze . pan up to a gorgeous painting - - a study by ruben . then ... frost come into frame , enter from above . he be hang upside down . he be suspend from a thin cable rope via a lightweight harness around he waist . he be dress in black and have a pair of " night-vision " glass on . a shoulder holster be visible , hold a 9 mm pistol . there be a long , cylindrical tube strapped to he back . he have a pencil-length , thin blade between he tooth , make of highly polished surgical steel , like a scalpel . he take the blade from he mouth , but it slip from he hand landing on the floor . look down , frost grimace . he pull a SMALL spraycan out and dust it over the floor . the mist reveal … … regularly space , thin , red laser beam , barely visible about six inch above floor level . they be part of a motion - sense security system . the blade be squarely place in between a grid . he be lucky that it do not break the beam . frost carefully reach down and retrieve the blade- avoid the beam . he then raise himself back up to the painting . close on Jack 's glove hand as he meticulously begin to CUT the painting from the frame , stay close to where the canvas meet the inner edge . returning the blade to he tooth , he gently roll the painting , pull a rubber band from he wrist and twist it around to secure the masterpiece no differently than you would a rock star poster . reaching behind he , he carefully uncap the tube and remove a similarly roll canvas , replace it in the tube with the one from the wall and seal it . gingerly unrolling the new canvas , we see that it appear to be the same painting as the masterpiece . apparently , a brilliant copy . he tuck the painting into the frame ; a perfect fit , just enough so that it will rest there , although to anyone look closely , it 's obvious that the painting have be cut away . frost begin he climb up , ascend toward the high ceiling above . ] dissolve to : museum ext . night . [ outside , we see frost in he car , a late- model sport car , watch the museum . he 's park nearly a block away , for safe surveillance . close on frost 's watch as he check the time . it 's nearly one a.m . as if on cue , we see a dark figure cross the roof of the museum . he glance around furtively . make sure he 's not be watch . frost's night - vision Pov : we track the figure . he 's make he way to a skylight on the building 's roof . it 's the same one that frost enter through earlier . end night -vision Pov .] [ close on frost . he allow a slight smile to cross he lip , remove the night-vision glass and toss they on the seat beside he . he pull away from he parking space , pass the museum , then glance down to he watch again . close on the watch . it 's 1:07 a.m . the car pull up to a stoplight . frost reach for a small digital pad -a newton , or other 1990 tech - on the car seat beside he . he flip open the lid of the device and select a item from the screen . simultaneously ... every light in the museum turn on at once and the air be fill with the deafen noise of alarm go off . the stoplight turn green and frost proceed through the intersection . halfway through the next block , we see two police car racing in the opposite direction , toward the museum , with they light and siren go . ] back to top scene 6 : High Desert dissolve to : ext . desert - night [ we see a winding , dusty desert road . the soft shoulder ( frame leave ) drop off , become a sloping hillside lead to the desert valley below . in the distance , we see a tiny pair of brilliant headlight . a staggering figure -- nat , stumble onto the road , enter from frame right . the light occasionally disappear behind boulder and turn in the road . circular dolly pan around to a medium close - up of nat . he look he worst yet . two week of wander through the desert have take they toll . he be half - conscious as he stare at the still - distant headlight . unsure if they truly exist , he hang onto the hope that they be real . wide shot from behind nat , who 's practically a silhouette . he 's barely stand . he raise he right arm , prepare to wave at the oncoming vehicle , but lose he balance and fall to the ground , roll until he body be stop by a man-size boulder . medium shot of nat , he weight support by the rock . he shake he head , in a attempt to clear it , then we see he jerk back suddenly as the boulder roll backward . pull back to show the boulder give way and beginning to roll down the hill . nat go with it , tumble head over heel . finally , he come to rest at the bottom , unconscious , and badly hurt . Fresh blood flow from several small cut , mingling with the dry blood and dirt on he face . pan up to the road where nat have be only moment before . we see the headlight pass by . track with what we now see be a beat up pickup truck as it pass . continue to track the truck . allow it to leave frame as we come to rest on a road sign . ( sign ) ensenada 56 km US border 65 km ] back to top scene 7 : micah 's Art Gallery CUT to : int . micah 's Art Gallery - night [ intercut on several bit of statuary and painting . this be very different from what we see in the museum . most of what we see here be modern art-stylistic , almost abstract painting . long pan , come to rest frame between two painting on easel , frame … micah tome across the room at the cash register counter . he be tall and rugge , perhaps fifty year old . his wear dark glass . he 's blind . he be a survivor of the Vietnam prison camp where he be torture . since , he 's make he live as a gun-runner for the CIA . the gallery be a diversion . you get the feel that he 's a bad - ass with or without the use of he eye . micah be polish a brass candle-stick holder . behind micah , we see frost enter through the front door . a small bell over the doorway ring as the door open . medium shot of micah , raise he head . hold on micah for a beat . he resume polish the brass , not need to ask who it be .] micah : come in , Jack . how 's the night ? frost : not bad , micah . I think it 's finally cool off . ( beat ) lot of activity around the museum awhile ago . micah : really ? frost : yeah . look like someone be break in , but he must have be careless . the alarm go off . Police be all over the place in a couple of minute . micah : unlucky bastard . [ frost set the tube up on the counter and begin pull out the canvas . ] frost : you may as well tell I now what make this particular bastard so unlucky that he deserve to get set up for a museum heist ? [ micah stop polish the brass and set the piece aside . he reach out , touch the canvas , stop Jack from pull it the rest of the way out . ] micah : make you stop and think , do not it , Jack ? never screw someone in a business arrangement . you just do not know what kind of friend the other guy might have . ( beat ) take this guy for instance . he and I have a nice simple deal . he bring gun in from South America by boat , I act as a distribution storage facility ... I hate the word , ' fence ' , do not you ? [ frost nod . not wait for a audible answer , micah continue . ] micah : and we split the cash . that be not good enough . greed 's a terrible thing , Jack . remember that . ( beat ) so. here it be six month later and this fellow 's back in town . he steer clear of I , but I know this thing . a few choice people be tell that there be a buyer out there for a particular piece of art … next thing you know , he 's brag about he plan to steal a ruben painting . some rich guy 's willing to pay three - quarter of a million for it . frost : only five - hundred thousand . micah : ( arching a eyebrow ) I guess you would know . ( beat ) by the way , you do a wonderful job play the rich steal art buyer . frost : thank you . micah : so . on one hand I need to do a little payback , and it so-happen that I also need to do a favor for a old friend . sort of find myself with a couple of bird to kill and only one stone . a old lady - friend of mine , anastasia , have a son . a real heartbreak to she . a damned talented painter , but he have a larcenous heart and well ... he like to paint like the old master . ( beat , lean slightly toward Jack ) just like the old master . ( beat ) well , she die a few month ago . but before she go , she ask if I could set something right that she thieve son have do a long time ago . frost : the ruben painting . micah : ( nodd ) the ruben painting . the boy have manage to pull a fast one about twenty - five year ago , replace the original with he own . he be clever . cut the original right out of the frame , steal a couple of minor piece , then leave he copy of the ruben behind for the authority to find . they figure the thief just drop it in the excitement of the getaway . frost : sound familiar . micah : I figure , why reinvent the wheel ? ( beat ) so , I have get this original ruben . Annie do not know I have it all this time , bless she , or she would have disown I . but the boy need cash and ... anyway , she want I to find the painting and return it to its rightful owner . I know I could not see it , Jack , but I would study that painting in book when I be young . [ close on micah 's scarree eye .] micah : ( continue ) before the camp . and when I hold it in my hand , I felt like I could see it . frost : ( quietly ) I know . micah : so , I ask myself , " micah tome , how could you fulfill a die woman 's wish and screw the little piece of crap that cross you in the gun deal at the same time ? " do you know how I answer ? frost : I ? micah : that 's right . with my best friend Jack . I have say it before . a friend will help you move . ( beat ) a best friend will help you move ... together : ...a body . [ micah pull the painting out of the tube , unroll the canvas , act as if he 's look at it , strain with eye that have see nothing but blackness for 30 year . finally , he lower it and sadly shake he head , he eyebrow furrow . ] micah : can not picture it as clearly as the real thing . smell 's all wrong . the real one be rescue from a fire in 1723 . Annie 's son climb up on she roof and hold he fake over the chimney to smoke it up . ( beat ) too much pine in the fireplace . frost : it fool the curator for twenty - five year . micah : they be just look with they eye . they mind be on keep the grant come . [ micah roll the painting up and stick it back in the tube , place it under the counter . ] micah : thank you , Jack . I owe you one . ( beat ) now , you ask I on the phone about nat McKenzie . I do some check with a few of my friend who run gun for the mercenary crowd . it sound like nat hitched up with , " the General " down in Mexico . you hear of this guy ? frost : yeah . he try to get I to work with he a few year back . he 's a little power-crazy . micah : well , if the word I be get be right , he 's more than a little crazy . rumor have it that he 's get so paranoid that he refuse to use the same crew twice . and he do not want they talk , so ... [ micah hold he hand up to he head , point he index finger like a gun . ] micah : ( mouth the word ) bang . [ push in on frost . ] frost : where be he now ? back to top scene 8 : the Mountains of bacanora North Mexico , two day later CUT to : T. mercenary camp plateau - day [ we se a plateau atop a mountain . a guard walk the perimeter . the guard 's Pov , look out over the cliff 's edge . a Bell jet Ranger rise into view , fill frame . it be fight the wind a bit , but be fairly stable and hover there for a few second . reverse angle - helicopter 's Pov . pan up on the guard 's face -- dust fly through the air and the guard 's medium - length hair blow in the strong wind kick up by the blade . pull back to show three recruit get out of the helicopter . they carry dufflebag closer , as the pilot duck low and run around the front of the helicopter . he be shaking he head and grin at the guard in the foreground . ] guard : ( shouting , off -camera ) what would you think of that crosswind on the East face ? pilot : ( shouting ) killer ! that 's a pretty treacherous flight ! I have get three more man to haul up here tonight -- I can not believe that 's the best route ! dolly in on a c.u. ( slight upshot ) of the guard . guard : ( grin ) it 's better than the alternative ! CUT to : ext . mountainside - day [ close profile of a rocky mountainside . we see frost's hand enter bottom of frame . medium close on frost as he pull himself up . he 's climb the face of this treacherous mountain . this should be extremely impressive . since he be alone , he 's force to travel light . his sunglass be visor-like , more of a one - piece semi-circle that wrap around he eye . once he do so , he allow himself to rest on the cable for a moment , pull out a canteen of water and take a small drink . as he swing there a moment , shifting he weight , he foot brushes loose rock send a few pebble downward . downshot , frost 's Pov , look past he feet , we see the rock bounce against the wall of the mountain along they seemingly infinite descent . pull back to show that he be only a third of the way up the dangerous face . he put the canteen away and resume the climb . this shot should emphasize scale , stress that he be a small speck on the side of the mountain . this shot should also show that it be get late in the day , nearer to sunset . the low sound of a helicopter can be hear in the distance . medium Close on frost again as he climb . the helicopter get louder and he stop in mid-climb , cock he head to the wind . there 's a crevice that he can wedge himself into about ten foot to the right of he . otherwise , he will be totally expose on the face , easily spot by the chopper . slight upshot on frost as he scramble for cover , swinging pendulum - style across the face . the helicopter should be visible any moment , for the sound be almost deafen , echoing off the mountain wall . just as he reach the crevice , the helicopter - the same bell jet ranger we see earlier - come into frame . it be struggle against the strong wind , climb ever upward . it be far enough away from frost that he rope and piton be not readily visible . the helicopter struggle upward out of frame . pull back to show frost wedge into the rock , deep in shadow , out of view . once the helicopter move on , frost continue he climb . ] back to top scene 9 : High Desert and mexican jail CUT to : ext . mexican desert - a hour before sunset . [ we see nat lie on the rocky ground . a scorpion crawl closer to he , curious . a large black boot come down , crush the scorpion . pull back to show a mexican sheriff stand over nat 's body . he be about five foot , nine inch tall , with a day 's growth of beard and a black mustache . there be a small lump in he jaw -- he tobacco . his uniform be slightly ratty , but clean . his jeep be about fifteen foot behind he . medium close on nat , unconscious on the ground . a brief stream of dark brown tobacco spit hit he squarely between the eye . he stir , but do not wake up . a low groan let the sheriff know that nat 's still alive . ] sheriff : ( mutter under he breath , disappointed . ) chingado . I think you be dead . [ close on the jeep' empty back seat . suddenly , it 's not so empty as the sheriff dump nat 's limp body inside like a bag of potato . ] sheriff : welcome to Mexico . [ the sheriff walk around to the driver 's seat and get in , adjust he mirror , kiss he finger tip , then touch the plastic replica of the virgin Mary on the dashboard and drive off . ] CUT to : int . mexican jail cell - sunset . [ long dolly shot as the sheriff drag nat toward he cell . from the doorway , we see that the cell be extremely dark and confine . the only light enter the room be come in thin shaft between the bar in the window , high above . the floor be adobe cover in straw . the sheriff be calluse hand shove nat into the cell , slamm the bar door behind he . from inside the cell now , low angle . we see nat hit the floor . past he , we see the sheriff look through the bar in the door . ] sheriff : stupid american ... [ close on the sheriff . backlit , he face press against the bar . ] sheriff : ( look to he right on the last word ) ... meet the boy . [ push in on nat , who be struggle to put he weight on one hand to support himself . he raise he head and look to he leave , squinting in the darkness . on the other side of the cell , we see three cell -mate . hector , alejandro and miguel . they be a rough look bunch and they look like they be ready to play a fun game of beat the hell out of the new guy . ] back to top scene 10 : the General 's Camp in the Mountains of bacanora North Mexico CUT to : ext . the General 's camp - night . [ the mountaintop plateau . a similar scene to the one we see earlier , but it be now night - time . the same guard walk the perimeter of the edge of the cliff . the helicopter be park in it 's landing spot . dolly in on a close - up of the guard . he hear a sound near the edge , perhaps five foot behind he . we follow he as he slowly turn , walk back to the spot . he hold he rifle up a bit higher , in preparation for whatever may arise . he bend at the waist , peer over the edge of the cliff . guard Pov . in the darkness , we can only see ten foot or so of the cliff wall before the view give way to the blackness . there be no sign of a intruder . the guard straighten he back , pull himself up to he full height , let out a small breath . suddenly , we see a thin wire pull tight around the guard 's throat . as the guard 's hand instinctively come up to pull at the garotte- - still hold the rifle , we see the black - glove hand of the attacker behind he firmly snatching the gun away . pan down the guard 's flinching body . it 's here that we see that the guard have be lift off the ground by the strength of he attacker . end the pan on the combat boot and hold for a moment until the life drain away , and all movement cease . full shot of frost , a near-silhouette in profile , the rifle in he leave hand as he thrust the lifeless body of the guard over the edge . in the distance we hear ...] dalton : ( Voice over ) let 's just make it quick , ok ? [ rapid dolly in on cu of frost . he look sharply to he leave . whip pan left to dalton and the pilot . they be walk down the path from the camp toward the helicopter . ] pilot : you do not really have to walk down here with I you know . I think I could find my own helicopter . dalton : General 's rule . no one leave the bunker without a escort . ( beat ) would not want any spy signal the atf or anything . [ we see the Pilot open the door of the helicopter , reach inside and rummage around . pan down as the Pilot pull out a black flight bag . within inch of the Pilot 's foot , we see the familiar black - glove hand pull back into the shadow underneath the helicopter . close on the Pilot as he pull a pillow from he bag . he smile sheepishly . ] dalton : that ? that 's what we walk all the way down here for ? pilot hey , I can not sleep without it ! I be a walk zombie the first two week of my tour in the Gulf . I have to have my wife send I this stupid thing in a care package . ( continue ) but I could sleep on a bed of nail as long as I have this under my head . [ he slam the door shut and the two return up the path , the Pilot in the lead . ] dalton : good . then you will not mind we bunk . [ downshot on the two walk up the path , away from the helicopter . ] dalton : all right , you have get you pillow . unless you need you blanky now , we should get back . I be suppose to meet with the Captain in a few minute . pilot : I be ready . what 's up next for you guy ? dalton : we be head to Europe . you should hook up with we . suppose to be some real action . [ track with the Pilot as he continue to talk , not look back at he companion . ] pilot : not I , pal . this be about as adventuresome as I get. ( beat ) soon as I get enough money together , I be take my bird to kauai and run I a little charter service . I have get friend over there that take tourist up and show them the island . they make a lot more money than they ever do run dope . ( beat ) know what I mean , dalton ? [ we see the Pilot begin to turn , look behind he . then CUT to the pilot' Pov , continue the turn in a pan , revealing that he be alone . dalton be go . cu on the pilot now . he have a scared / nervous look on he face . ] pilot : dalton ? [ jib shot . begin with more -or-less the Pilot 's Pov show that dalton be go , then rapidly ascend ( end in a downshot ) and rotate back toward the pilot , who be run to the camp . tracking , follow the Pilot as he run , constantly look back over he shoulder to see if he 's be follow . the Pilot turn he head back in the direction he 's run . as he look up , he pull up short , almost fall down in he attempt to stop . from behind the Pilot as he look ahead we see frost only a few foot away . cu on frost 's visor . we see a reflection of the Pilot in they . ] pilot : ( off-screen ) who -- who be you ? what do you want ? [ pull back for a two - shot show frost tower over the pilot . with a rapid gesture , frost 's pistol be in he hand , point at the smaller man 's forehead . ] pilot : no ! do not shoot !! [ pilot' Pov . medium up - shot of frost . he twirl the 9 mm around , so that he 's hold the barrel in he hand . he pull back with the gun ... ( reverse angle ) ... then bring it down hard across the Pilot 's temple , knock he out . pull back to show frost stand over the Pilot , he gun still in he hand . he look around intently , listen for any sign of other guard . secure that he 's alone , he holster the weapon and run into the shadow . ] CUT to : ext. the General 's bunker - same . [ it be clear in this shot that the building 's backside be within a few foot of the cliffside . a single light shine in one of the window .] general : ( voiceover - offscreen ) you be run out of option , Captain . int . the General 's office - night . [ wide shot , show the General and he captain seat across from each other at a small table . a chess set be spread between they . the General have black , the Captain , white . the remainder of he office be spartan , but functional enough . a simple desk , a chair in front and behind it . a file cabinet in the corner with a lamp on top . a army - style field radio-phone sit on the desk . there be one door and one window in the room . the general smoke a cigarette , wisp of smoke fill the air above he . ] general : you have lose you Queen ... maybe you should just give in . hmm ? captain : not yet , sir. quitting 's not my style . [ low -angle on the chess set . the captain move he King back and leave , behind he rook . close on the general , smirk . ] general : of course not . but this , " tactical retreat " will not keep you King from fall . [ Pan down as the General move he knight into play , capture a bishop . medium close on the captain . he be deep in concentration . his brow furrow . the silence be break as the radio-phone squawk . pull back as the Captain rise , reach for the phone . beside the phone be nat' hula girl . the Captain absent - mindedly play with it as he talk . from behind the desk now , the captain , talk on the phone , fill the leave side of frame ; the General be on frame right , slightly out of focus . ] captain : General 's office , this be Captain janus . ( listen , then ... ) very good . show they where to stow they gear and inform they that the briefing will be at oh-seven-hundred tomorrow morning . [ the Captain hold one hand over the phone and turn he head slightly toward the General . Rack focus , shifting from foreground to background . ] captain : the new recruit have all settle in , Sir . general : good . it 's about time we have some fresh blood around here . captain : ( back into the phone ) the General say to extend he welcome . ( look at he watch ) right . I have not notice how late it be . I will meet he there . [ the Captain hang up the phone and turn to address the General . ] captain : I promise dalton that I would go over he note . he need some help calculate travel time for the stroudsburg - London leg . general : dalton can not read a train schedule ? captain : it 's just that -- general : ( holding up a hand to cut he off ) I can beat you at chess as easily tomorrow night . there 's no need to explain . captain : of course not , Sir . have a good night . general : good night , janus . [ the Captain leave the room and the General look at the chessboard . he could win in a matter of five move or less . he stand , stretch , the cigarette still in he mouth . he walk to the window , look out . from he view , he can see the almost full moon shine brightly . slight downshot , Wide angle . the general turn from the window to see ... frost seat where the Captain have be moment before . ] general : who the hell --? [ the general make a sudden move for the phone . frost point he 9 mm pistol at he , cocking it .] frost : sit down , General . back to top scene 11 : mexican jail CUT to : int . mexican jail cell - night . [ nat start to stand , but be kicked from behind and he 's knock to the floor . his attacker raise a foot to stomp nat 's skull , but nat roll and catch the foot , throw the man off balance . one of the other man , alejandro , laugh out loud , point to he friend that just get dumped on he ass . ] alejandro : ( hector 's let this faggot kick he ass ! ) [ nat get to he foot and be try to get he back to a wall . the other two man close in on he . hector stand up and push the other aside . ] hector : ( he 's mine ! ) [ hector pull off he belt , show off a massive steel belt buckle . he wrap the belt around he fist , hold the buckle tightly . he swing at nat , but nat block the blow , respond with a glancing uppercut to the chin . hector be not phase and respond with a headbut , knock nat back into the wall . nat 's reeling and drop to one knee . ] hector : ( take that , bendejo ! ) [ nat punch straight out at eye-level and connect with hector 's groin . hector collapse like a sack of flour . alejandro and miguel 's surprised expression quickly turn to anger . ] alejandro : Su muerté ! ( you be dead ! ) [ alejandro jump for nat , but nat leap up , walking up the bar , then grab they , he cling to they , out of reach of the man . fade to black ] back to top scene 12 : the General 's Camp in the Mountains of bacanora North Mexico int . the general' office - night [ we see frost talk to the General . he be very calm . the General be a little grumpy , but should not be too nervous . he 's be in tight spot before . ] general : ( narrowing he eye at frost ) I know who you be . you be frost. ( beat ) I try to recruit you once . well , if break in here be you way of audition ... frost : no. I have come to kill you . ( gesture to the chessgame ) mind if I play White ? general : ( half - shrugging indifference ) really ? just like that ? why do you want to kill I ? [ frost move the King 's Bishop closer to the front of the rank . ] frost : some friend of mine fight for you not too long ago . no one 's see they since . general : what make you think I have anything to do with that ? frost : you have a certain reputation for not like loose end . I believe you have they kill after they work be through . ( beat ) you be move . [ the General look down at the game , then capture the Bishop with a Rook . closeup on the General 's hand underneath the table . he be feel around for something . finally , he fingertip come across a loose strip of duct tape hang there . ] general : nonsense . frost : look for this ? [ he rapidly place a small , 22 caliber pistol on the table beside the chessboard , rapping it against the tabletop with a metallic thump . frost move a knight into play , capture the rook . the General sit back , eyeing he opponent more seriously now . ] general : who be you friend ? frost : McKenzie , pflug , cooley , a few of the other . ( beat ) pawn . general : ( exhaling slowly ) well. ( beat ) there 's not a lot to say , mr.frost . that man do follow I in a military campaign . and they be dead now . [ the General move he own knight into play , endangering frost 's King . ] general : check . frost : and you order they death ? general : how do I put this ... when the great pyramid be build and the burial chamber fashioned to hold the body of the pharaoh ... ( beat ) the slave who build they be put to death upon they completion . and in turn , the taskmaster who command they be kill . ( beat ) they simply outlive they usefullness . this be no different . [ frost then move a pawn , capture the Rook and open up a direct line between a Rook and a Bishop , put the General 's King in check . the General can not move backward without put himself in check with another knight . ] frost : check mate . [ closeup on the General . bewildere . the attack come from nowhere . ] general : what ? how do you -- ( realizing ) you pawn . you set I up . frost : you underestimate the power of the weakest piece . [ low angle . frost topple the Black King . as the chess piece fall in slow motion , his gun rise , come into focus as frost squeeze the trigger . white flash frame ; ] back to top scene 13 : mexican jail CUT to : int . mexican jail cell - night . [ nat be still clinging to the bar in weird animal - like way . finally , he can not hold out any longer . the man pull he down . he be get seriously beat up . he get a few blow in , but he 's outnumber , half - starve and exhaust . finally , he do manage to grab hector 's fall belt buckle and strike out at alejandro , cut he neck . blood flow freely . again , nat be transfixed by the sight of the blood . really play up look of lust / hunger in he eye . while alejandro be try to stop the bleed , miguel jump on nat . hector , now conscious again , also pile on . ] alejandro : ( Son of a bitch ! ) [ the fight continue as the other two pound nat into the ground . tight on nat as a trickle of blood roll down he cheek and into he mouth . his eyelid SNAP OPEN , revealing pale , colorless eye and he fang have return . from the direction of the fight , we hear a low , gutteral growl . alejandro slowly turn back in they direction . ] alejandro : ( what in the hell ? ) [ hector and miguel be throw off of nat and violently hit the wall and floor . nat rise , look at alejandro . it be clear that nat be not act very human and he be very , very piss . ] alejandro : madré de dios ! ( mother of God ! ) [ nat pounce on the man , grab he by the hair and pull back he head to expose the bloody throat . he drink deeply - a violent , animalistic act of pure survival . fade to black : fade in on a downshot --rotate 20 degree over the course of the truck in -- of nat on the jailcell floor . he 's crouch over hector . the other two man be lie around he , dead and drain of blood . as the camera spin down to focus on nat , he raise he head and scream .] back to top deleted scene : the General 's Camp , frost 's rampage CUT to : int . the General 's camp - night [ we see frost run through the corridor , head away from the General 's bunker . his gunshot have draw attention . he 's attack by a couple of merc who fire at he , but miss . Dust and spark fly as the shot ricohet near he head . medium shot of frost as he return fire ... ... strike one man in he gun arm and the other shooter in he leg , take they both down . frost continue out of the bunker when he see the Captain . show he raise he gun to fire ... ... but he aim be spoiled as a young merc stumble into he line of fire . before he can adjust he shot , the Captain manage to get away , disappear into the night . the young merc spin on frost , fumble with he gun that be still holster . suddenly , another attacker enter frame - right , swinging a wide hook with he leave fist . frost duck into the punch and come up under the man , propelling he into the fumble young man . close on frost as he look up . the Captain have get away . ] back to top scene 14 : mexican jail CUT to : int . mexican jail cell - night . [ the sheriff return , stick he face up to the bar . ] sheriff : what 's go on in there ? [ nat 's hand dart between the bar , grab the sheriff by the hair and pull he hard . sheriff' Pov . through the bar , look at nat 's face press up on the other side . dried blood cover he face . ] nat : ( a harsh whisper ) let I out of this hellhole . ( beat ) now . [ the sheriff shrink back , and nat slam a OPEN palm against one of the bar . cement dust fall from where the bar be embed . he 's stronger than he think . he kick out at the lock and break it . the door open and nat arch he back upward soaking in the freedom . the sheriff cower behind he . nat turn to face the sheriff , a wick hunger raging within he . close upshot on nat . he have a utterly evil expression on he face and as he mouth open , we see that he have indeed change . there 's a different air about he than we have see before . more powerful , confident . ] nat : the boy and I do not hit it off . sorry about the mess . [ sheriff 's Pov . Inside the jail cell , the bloody remain of the three man litter the floor . ] nat : you welcome I to Mexico . ( beat ) let I welcome you to Hell . [ fade to Black . ] back to top scene 15 : the General 's Camp in the Mountains of bacanora North Mexico ext . the General 's camp - night [ we see frost in pursuit , try to catch up to the Captain . he 's run now -- the terrain flash by in the background . the Captain stumble through the darkness , push the pilot ahead of he . they have reach the helicopter . ] captain : move ! we be take off -- now ! [ back to frost in pursuit . wide shot on the helicopter as it take off . closer as we can make out the Captain in the passenger window . he have a arrogant look of triumph on he face . he 's go to escape . downshot : the captain Pov . we see frost pull something from inside he vest , next to he heart . close on the captain . the expression on he face undergoe a dramatic transformation from cocky triumph to one of wide - eye terror as the realization hit he . close up of frost . same angle as before . it 's clear now that he be hold a small , single - button detonator . rapid intercut of frost press the button with he thumb and image of a silent scream on the Captain 's face in the window second before the helicopter explod es in a massive fireball . downshot of frost . he look down in he hand at the burnt hula doll - nat 's memento . fade to black ] back to top deleted scene : nat kill a biker ext . mexican border town . - dusk . [ nat be leave the town , try to get to the main road . we show a series of dissolves of he first in town , then on the road , time - lapse style . he stop and turn as he hear a motorcycle in the distance . the motorcycle stop near he . ] nat : ( smile ) Nice bike . dissolve to : ext . desert road - night . [ it be a desert road and a light wind blow across the dusty terrain . in the distance , we see the motorcycle appear on the horizon . closer . it 's the same motorcycle , with only one rider . still closer . it 's nat , a fresh blood stain on he chin ] back to top deleted scene : micah and frost dissolve to : ext . micah' house - night title : several day later . [ a large , older home , in a wealthy neighborhood . piano music can be hear from within . ] micah : sorry to hear about you friend , Jack . damn sorry . [ int . micah' live room - night micah be seat at a piano and be play . frost sit on a couch , nearby . the room be in near darkness . after all , it 's a blind man 's house and frost have he own sensitivity to light . ] frost : I know . micah : rumor have it that a group from Northern Africa take out the General . there be already a couple of extremist take credit for it . frost : they can have it . micah : Said it have to have be at least ten man that do the massacre . frost : somebody 's not too good at math . [ micah stop play for a moment . ] micah : you blow up another helicopter ? frost : the guy be get away . micah : so it 's not anything personal … [ he resume play the piano . ] micah : against rotary - drive aircraft … per se. ( beat ) I suppose this kind of put a real close to a chapter of you life . frost : I lose some good friend . micah : you have not see most of they in a long time , have you ? frost : we drift a bit after I drop out . that do not mean … micah : but this be much more final . you be Art book 's come out . the world will know you as a man who write intelligently about bit of pigment swirl on canvas more than 400 year ago . not as a man who have to blow thing out of the sky on a semi-regular basis . [ micah 's play turn more somber . more melancholy . ] micah : I think you be sick of all the kill . that 's why you leave . frost : I get tired of that a long time ago . it be watch my friend get blow to hell that I get sick of . micah : so you kill again … for you friend . frost : you know if I want to go to a shrink , I can afford a better look one than you . micah : ( ignore he ) how do you reconcile be a man who 's make he live bring death … and all the while have the soul of a artist ? frost : ( coldly ) how do you ? [ micah stop play again , turn to frost . he think for a moment , grasp for a truthful answer . ] micah : I could not . I never could keep thing neat and tidy . killer and painter . for I , one taint the other . I fall from any hope of perfection . I do not mean to play pop psychiatrist with you … but it fascinate I . you leave the life a year ago , do nothing but paint and write and yet you be able to pick up you gun , go into this place and end up the last man stand . like throw a switch . frost : you do not forget some thing . I be a soldier . not a assassin . micah : true . that be my job . but you be a killer , nonetheless . you can shut it down completely . most of we can not . ( beat ) when most of we struggle with we darker side , we lose . frost : lose 's not a option . micah : somehow when I hear you say it , Jack … I can almost believe it . back to top scene 16 : Nancy 's House ext . nat and Nancy 's House -- back yard garden - day [ we see a beautifully arrange flower garden . Nancy be seat on a bench , under a tree . she be somewhat nervous , look around , wait for something . ] frost : ( off-screen ) hello , Nancy . [ startled , Nancy turn she head back around to see ... frost stand in front of she . as if out of nowhere . ] nancy : I do not hear you walk up . [ frost take a seat beside she on the bench . there 's a brief moment of silence before he speak . ] frost : Nancy ... nancy : nat 's dead . ( look into frost 's eye ) be not he ? [ frost can be a kind and caring man , but he 's not good at physical display . he reach a hand out to place on she shoulder , but stop short , almost unsure , before follow through in this act of comfort . ] nancy : ( a single tear roll down she cheek ) how do it happen ? the mission be suppose to be over . frost : there be a ambush . all of the guy be kill ... set up by the man they be work for . it must have happen right after you hear from he the last time . [ there be a moment of silence as the death of she husband sink in .] nancy : I never think it would happen like this . you know ? ( beat ) when we first get marry , I think he be go to die every time he go out the door . he always make it back . ( beat ) I guess I think he be bulletproof . [ Nancy pull she hair back out of she face and wipe she eye . ] nancy : what do we do now ? frost : we move on , I guess . we will miss he ... nancy : ( interrupt ) I know that . I mean how do we get the lousy son of a bitch that kill they ? what 's to stop he from do this to the next guy he hire ? frost : do not worry about that . [ Nancy look into he eye again , this time try to divine something by look into that dark sunglass . ] nancy : you already --? ( frost nod , slowly . ) frost : there be a certain amount of money I find there ... ( beat ) ... a little over eight hundred thousand . a advance on the next mission , I would guess . I think you and the other wife would be as entitle to it as anyone . as far as I know , sharp do not have anybody , so it would be a four way split . ( beat ) if you could get I a account number , I can make sure the fund be transfer without it raise anyone 's eyebrow over at the IRS . Nancy look a bit incredulous . nancy : I do not know what to say . nat do not have any kind of insurance policy . and you know there 's no soldier of fortune pension Fund . ( beat ) I feel so weird about it , though ... frost : do not . lose you husband 's worth a lot more than a few hundred thousand . [ frost stand , look down on she . in the distant sky behind he , we see a jet come into the landing path . ] frost : you think you be go to be ok ? nancy : ( nodd ) yeah . I will be . what about you ? frost : I wish I would see he more … this last year . guess you really never know when … [ close on Nancy 's hand as she reach up and squeeze he hand . ] nancy : thank you , Jack . I do not know what I would have do without you . [ we hear the roar of the jet increase as it get closer . ] back to top scene 17 : aeroplane cut to : ext . downtown san diego - day [ inside the jet , we see a sixty - something woman waking up from she nap , the tiny square pillow barely support she head . she 's sit in the window seat and the sun be come through the plexiglass to shine on she face . ] captain : ( vo from intercom ) lady and gentleman , we be approach lindbergh field and will be touch down in just a moment . for that of you on the right side of the cabin , if you look out you window , you will find a gorgeous view of historic balboa Park , home to the world - famous San Diego Zoo . [ we see the woman stretch , then look out she window . suddenly , a look of sleepy curiosity change to one of utter fear and revulsion . her mouth stretch wide in a silent scream . low angle , look up at the plane landing overhead . we pan with it and realize that we be on a rooftop . there be a huge pool of blood on one end of the roof and we soon see that it be come from the body of a dead woman , clothes tatter and dirty . she be lie in the blood and it be splatter everywhere , particularly around she throat . ] woman : ( vo off-screen -- scream ) back to top deleted scene : bookshop CUT to : int . a bookstore - day [ there be a small crowd stand inside the bookstore and we see that they be wait to get someone 's autograph . it 's frost and he 's signing he new Art Book . we see he finish he signature , smile and look up as he hand it to the happy reader . ] frost : thank you very much . I hope you enjoy it . [ the fan take the book . ] fan : thank you . [ a middle - age woman with short - cropped black hair step up to the head of the line . she be slightly heavyset and wear glass . her clothes reveal that she be try to recapture a youth that be long - go . she be emptyhand , but look over she glass at Jack somewhat expectantly . ] frost : do you want I to sign a copy of my book ? [ she look confuse for a half - moment , then realize what he 's refer to and pick up one of the book from a stack beside he . ] annoying woman : yes. ( push up she glass ) yes , I suppose that would be nice . ( she hand he the book ) I be a writer , too . a novelist . frost : really ? that 's great . [ frost sign the book and hand it back to she . ] annoying woman : it 's a journey , really . you see ... [ frost realize that she 's not leave and sit back for a moment , attempt to be politely patient . cu on frost . as he look up , smile . frost's Pov of the woman . ] annoying woman : you know , a come of age story . it 's amazing to I that no one 's do it already . frost : amazing . annoying woman : one publisher think that my story lack conflict . I tell she that I be not write some violent trash -- this be art . I do detest violence , do not you , mr.... ( look at the book cover ) ... Mr. frost ? [ cu on frost .] frost : despise it . [ she 's about to rattle on some more , but the bookstore manager step up to the table to the rescue . he 's a medium -built man . ] store manager : ( speak to the crowd ) I be afraid Mr. frost have to leave now . if any of you be wait to purchase a autograph book , we have a few up front that he be kind enough to sign this morning . [ frost rise , shaking hand with one or two of the bystander . annoying woman choose to ignore the manager . she try to tag along with frost , not let he get more than a few foot away . ] annoyyy woman : we do not get a moment 's peace , do we ? store manager : ( try to shuffle she away ) ma'am , Mr. frost have to leave . if you have finish shopping , you can take the book to the front register and they will be glad to ring it up for you . annoying woman : Ring it --? oh ... well , how much be it ? ( look down at the book , find the price ) oh , gracious ! no wonder people do not read today . this be outrageous ! [ medium -close on frost as he watch the two walk away , the store manager roll he eye at frost behind she back . ] jill : ( v.o. off-screen ) she 's right , you know . [ frost turn he head to see jill , a attractive young woman stand near he . she 's wear jeans and a t-shirt . she 's between 20 and 23 year old . her hair 's in a ponytail . ] frost : yeah ? jill : oh , yeah . they really gouge you for artbook . I mean , the real thing in a museum 's like practically free . maybe you put in a two dollar suggest donation , if you want to , but to see the same thing in a book - - it 's fifty or sixty buck . frost just look at she , not say anything . a little bit of a glare . jill : ( laugh ) I can not help it , Jack ! you be too easy ! here you be this big tough guy that can take anything -- God know what all you have be through -- but I can push you button anytime I want ! [ we see frost allow himself a slight smile as he begin to walk away . she follow . ] frost : apology accept . believe I , Jill , I understand that at you age that kind of thing 's probably pretty funny ... jill : ( suddenly exasperate ) who say anything about apologize ?! and what do you mean my age , grandpa ? you be not that much older than I . frost stop and lean down to look into she eye . frost : sorry , I could not resist . you should not talk about push people 's button when yours be the size of dinner plate . he gently touch she nose , as if push a button . jill : funny . ( beat ) be we go to you place this afternoon or what ? frost : that 's the plan . I can be ready in five minute after we get there . it will take you that long to get undress . back to top scene 18 : frost 's Home [ this scene be much earlier in the film - intercut into scene 3 where the guy be discuss what have happen to frost . the second half of it be cut out all together ] CUT to : ext . frost be House - day [ we see the outside of Jack 's home . it be upscale and very attractive . ] jill : I do not think I have ever do this before . ( beat ) you know , in the daytime , I mean . CUT to : int . frost 's study - day [ pan across the study , fill with book , a few plant and of course , art . a pair of japanese samurai sword adorn a wall . we see a Jill , she hair down , recline on a couch . she be nude , stretch out with she weight on she leave elbow , rest on a small couch pillow . her body be face the back of the couch with she back to we . a sheet be drape across she leg from mid-thigh down . it be a very classical life -draw pose . we continue the pan to see that frost be painting the model in oil . ] frost : right ... you always pose for the evening class . ( beat ) this be much better . you can not beat natural light for portrait . [ frost concentrate on the painting for a moment , add a touch of rimlighting to the right side of she form . his painting be nearly 2 /3rd 's complete . it be a very strong , confident piece with a clearly define light source , almost a chiaroscuro touch . then , he dip the brush in paint thin and begin to clean it with a rag . ] frost : okay , Jill . I think that will do it for today . we be lose the sun . I think one more session will finish it . [ Jill join he , pull a robe on as she walk over . ] jill : let I see . [ she look at it for a moment , study . her eye half - squinting in concentration . ] jill : my butt 's too big . [ frost raise a eyebrow as he consider the statement , then glance down to she backside . ] frost : you think so ...? personally , I think you have a pretty nice butt . jill : ( annoy ) no . in the painting . I think you ... over - emphasize my hip . I be not that rubenesque . frost : ( sighing ) you be probably right . I have have ruben on my mind lately . but if you want to stick around , I could work on get the proportion right ; maybe take a few measurement … jill : ( stick out she tongue , playfully ) not tonight , anyway . I have get a psych class I have get to get to by six , or I be go to flunk it . jill : ( stick she head back in the room ) guess you will just have to work from memory . [ she duck she head back out of the room as a couch pillow go sailing in she general direction . with that , Jill walk over to the bathroom to change . as she do , she pass a photo of Jack on the wall with another young woman . it 's several year old . Jill look sad as she think about another love that frost once have in he life . frost put the brush down and go over to the couch , fold the sheet and set it aside . ] frost : when do you want to finish this pose ? I be tie up until Saturday , but after that I be open . [ we see Jill get dress in the bathroom with the door open . she have she bra and panty on and be pull up she jeans . ] jill : Saturday 's cool . ( beat , think ) it will have to be Saturday . I be take off for Big bear Sunday morning . [ cut to frost , sit on the couch . he 's get he sunglass off and be rub he eye . ] frost : I do not know you skiie . [ back to Jill in the bathroom . she have one rubberband in she tooth and be pull she hair up with one hand , then pull another rubberband off of she other wrist and put the hair through it , into a ponytail . she then pull the other rubber band from she tooth and secure she hair further . ] jill : I do not . but I flirt well and I have not break any bone yet . a couple of my friend be go up to celebrate the fact that we survive Professor gintner 's class . ( beat ) believe I . get through a semester with that anal - retentive freak 's something to celebrate ! [ she walk out to the study , pick up she bookbag . she step over to the painting . ] jill : it be come along , be not it ? I think we really can wrap it up on Saturday . frost : I hope so . jill : what do you mean ? frost : I have be think about what you say . ( totally dead - pan ) you do have a big butt . we may need more canvas . [ Close on frost , a small smile on he face . he duck as the couch pillow sail back at he , miss he head by inch . ] frost : ( laugh ) hey , I be agree with you ! [ angle around to a corner of the room surround by bay window . outside , nat watch … and wait . ] back to top scene 19 : rosie 's bar - massacre CUT to : int . rosie' bar - night [ close on a man 's hand wrap around a drink at the bar . ] bartender : what 's the matter , buddy ? you do not like it , I can make you another bloody Mary . [ we see that the man be nat . he be gritting he tooth as he try to swallow the drink . ] nat : would not make any difference . bartender : whatever , pal . [ panning the room , we see that it 's a fairly tough look crowd . several biker type . one particularly big biker jerk he thumb in nat 's direction and look at the bartender . ] biker : maybe he can not handle the booze . ( to nat ) you need something with a little pansy umbrella on it , buddy ? nat : go away . biker : what would you say ? nat : I say , " I would hate for you to have to pull you head out of you ass long enough to get I one . " ( beat ) go away . [ the biker 's friend slap he on the back . ] biker' friend : he 's get you number , Jimmy ! [ the Big biker step over to nat , tower over he . nat be not move . ] biker : why do not you go away , asshole ? get out of here before I - nat : ( stand ) before you what ? open you fat mouth again ? be you gonna bore I to death or be we go to see what you be make of ? the biker bellow in rage and throw a punch at nat who grab it in mid-air . twist , he break the larger man 's arm with a sicken crunch . biker : ( scream ) nat : come on . show I what kind of gut you have . [ with that , nat punch the biker hard in the stomach , push he hand deep in the flesh and pull back a bloody fist full of the man 's inside . ] nat : it 's what 's inside that count ! [ he lick some blood from the back of he hand and then , throw the gut to the ground , he catch the die biker before he hit the floor and bite deeply into he neck . slow motion of the other patron of the bar in SHOCK . we camera move among and behind they , watch the tableau , like see a jungle cat feed while watch through the tall grass . nat come out of he reverie , look down at the man he 's just feed upon . he start to move toward the door and the crowd part to let he pass . one biker start to move toward he , but a older , smarter man put a hand on he chest to stop he . nat leave the bar and the crowd start to come back to its sense , scream , shouting to call 911 , etc ; just then , kocha pull up on he skateboard . he look inside at the carnage . he look out across the street and follow after nat. fade to black .] back to top scene 20 : frost 's Home int. frost 's bedroom - wednesday night title : a week later . [ we see frost in bed , asleep . the room be tastefully decorate with nice furniture and various bit of art , from bust to painting add to the decor . very dark and moody . a digital clock on the nightstand read : 2:58 a.m. then , a thin band of light fall on he face and grow -- someone be open the bedroom door . in a incredibly fast move , frost snap awake and pull a 9mm pistol from under he pillow , aim at the doorway . we see nancy , stand in the now-open doorway . she be backlit and most of she feature be bury deep in shadow . ] nancy : Jack ! it 's I , Nancy ! please -- do not shoot ! [ cu on frost . he have a question look on he face . why would she have break in like this ? he lower the gun , a bit -- not completely . it be still dark in the room , the only light come from the open door . ] frost : Nancy ? what be you do here ? it 's three o'clock in the morning . nancy : I be sorry . I know I should not have come so late . [ she cross the room , sit beside he on the bed . he sit up , return the gun to its place under the pillow . ] frost : why do not you call ? I would have meet you or something ... ( beat ) you almost get yourself kill break in here like that . nancy : I be sorry . nat show I a few thing about lock . ( beat ) it be so late when I get here . I do not want to disturb you , and I think I would just crash on you couch ' till you wake up . ( beat ) guess I get impatient . [ frost sit up a little straighter and reach for the lamp on the nightstand . Nancy turn away , hide she face from he , but there 's a brief glimpse of a swollen black eye . the leave side of she face be bruise . ] frost : what happen ? who do this to you ? [ medium close on nancy as she turn back around . we see that she 's be beat . her collar be pull up high around she throat , but we see the discolor hint ; the top of finger bruise on she neck . she look he in the eye , then lower she head . ] nancy : Jack ... [ she raise she head again , this time with a angry look on she face . she jerk a small 22 pistol up into frame and aim it at he face . ] nancy : ... open you mouth . [ frost straighten up a little . he 's a large man and Nancy be a very small woman . the contrast should be heighten any way we can here . ] frost : Nancy ... [ she move the gun closer to he , threaten he . ] nancy : open you mouth , dammit ! [ frost could quite probably take the gun away from she without harm either of they . even though the think occur to he that she might stick the gun inside he mouth , he open it . Close on Nancy , squinting , inspect he mouth ... he tooth . ] nancy : wider . [ he do so . close on Nancy as she make she determination . then , as she anger drain away , so do she strength . ] nancy : then ... you be not like he ... [ she lose consciousness and fall forward . frost snatch the gun away with one hand and catch she in the other . fade to black : ] [ int . frost 's live room - a half - hour later . we see frost in the foreground , remove the bullet from Nancy 's gun and put it back in she purse . he pocket the ammunition . there be two steaming cup of tea on the table beside the purse . behind he , we see Nancy on the couch as she wake up . ] nancy : Jack ... I be sorry . [ frost turn to she , pick up the tea and hand she a cup . she sit up , run a hand through she hair as she accept the drink . ] frost : what happen ? nancy : I be kind of hope you could clear thing up for I . frost : start with who do this to you . who beat you up ? nancy : my husband . ( beat ) nat . frost : Nancy ... nat 's ... nancy : apparently , you be wrong . he survive the ambush . frost : Nancy nancy : I be not crazy , Jack . he show up at the house two night ago . I would have call you , but he ask I not to . ( beat ) he be in a lot of pain . he say he stomach feel like it be on fire . I begge he to go to the hospital , but he would not do it . [ nancy begin to cry as she remember . ] nancy : he be different , Jack . angrier . meaner . he would change a lot in the last year . since you guy do the afghanni deal …he be pretty withdraw . but this … I do not know he . frost : why do he hit you ? nancy : that do not happen till this morning . I be get to that . ( beat ) I could not get he to eat anything . he say everything taste like dirt and he start run a fever . [ Nancy get up and walk to the other side of the room . she look up at a painting on the wall . ] nancy : before the fever start ... there be moment when he be like he old self . like the man I marry . but afterward ... [ she trail off , take a drink of the tea and wiping she eye . ] nancy : this morning , I wake up and he be lean over I . he have the most terrifying look on he face . [ closer on nancy as she describe it .] nancy : a hunger . not sexual ... this be like a animal that have not be feed . there be two little drop of blood on he lip . ( beat ) mine . he would actually bitten I , Jack . not a deep bite . just enough to draw blood . his tooth be so sharp I hardly feel it . frost : what do you do ? nancy : I hit he as hard as I could . it seem like it knock some sense into he for a second , ' cause he pull back . ( beat ) then he get mad . frost : that 's when he hit you . nancy : ( nodd ) then he look at I like he be tear between rip my head off , or ... ( beat ) or ... frost : or what ? nancy : or cry . he look hurt . he have never hit I before . then he run into the live room and when he come back he throw a old book at I . ( beat ) and tell I to give it to you . you could take it back to micah tome , where he get it . then he leave . frost : the book in you purse . [ Nancy pick up she purse and pull out a old , brittle book , hand it to Jack . the page be all but fall apart . close on the book cover as she hand it to he . it 's entitle , " the vampyr myth " ] frost : this be why you look in my mouth . ( beat ) check for fang . nancy :( v.o. off camera ) Jack ? do you believe in vampire ? [ fade to black ] back to top scene 21 : Street [ ext . u.c.s.d. campus - twilight thursday . we see jill get out of she car , reach in the back for she bookbag , then head for one of the campus ' many building . a shadow fall on the ground behind she , that of a man , follow , keep pace with she step . medium close on jill . she pull she bag tighter to she and appear to sense someone behind she . she turn ... ( jill Pov ) ... but there 's no one there . no person . no shadow . close on jill as she look around . not scared really , just cautious -- curious because she would have sworn someone be there . downshot . she turn around and resume she walk to the step lead into the building . near the top of the step , she meet linda jink , a friend from school , who 's head out . linda be very petite -- perhaps 5 ' 2 " or smaller . ] jill : hi , Linda ? how be the old creep tonight ? [ two - shot , reverse angle . we be tight on the two girl , but we can see up into the branch of a few tree in the background behind they . ] linda : Professor gintner ? ( snarling ) how be he every night ? both : ( laughter ) linda : hey , Jill -- I want to remind you that I will need you guy to pick I up at Vince 's house Sunday morning . we be go to go dance Saturday night at the crying tattoo and I be just go to stay over afterward . okay ? jill : no problem . but get some sleep , all right ? I do not want to listen to you snore all the way to the lodge ! linda : as if ! ( beat ) hey , I gotta run - - see ya Sunday ! jill : you get it . have fun tomorrow night ! [ jill go on into the building and Linda head to the parking lot ( off -frame ) . as the two girl part , we shift focus to the tree in the background , where we can make out the definite shape of a man crouch in the branch . track with linda as walk , look down into she purse for she key . ] nat : ( off -frame ) hey , darlin ' ... [ Linda look up , startle . full - shot of nat stand ten foot in front of she . he be dress as we see he last -- in dirty , tatter clothes . evidence of old wound be still apparent and he shirt be now stain dark brown with dry blood . he look like hell . he spread he arm out in a friendly open - palm gesture at he side . ] nat : ( cont would ) ... wanna dance ? [ with a blur of inhuman speed , nat be at the girl 's throat . he pull she body to he like a lover ... or a dance partner in a ballroom dance . the music --a waltz -- can be hear in the background as we come in close on Linda 's face , watch the consciousness fade away . pan down her body to she hand as it come unclench , she key hit the asphalt of the pavement . close on the keys as a spot of blood spatter upon they . which dissolves into the sonar -like vampire vision of the scene . pan right to the shadow of the two figure on the ground be illuminate by the overhead lamp of the parking lot . they appear as dancer and nat begin to spin , take she weight in he arm as he feast , she leg leave the ground in a macabre parody of a minuette as the waltz music build to a dramatic crescendo . ] back to top deleted scene : frost 's bedroom cut to : int . frost 's House - the bedroom . [ slowly pan around the room . frost be seat on the bed , he finger underneath he dark glass , rub he eye . he be tired and concerned about Nancy and about nat , for that matter . on the far side of the room , on he desk , be the vampire book that Nancy bring with she . close on the book . ] [ back on frost . he 's tear . everything in he say that this be superstitious garbage . we definitely get the idea that there be a great internal struggle go on here . at last , he reach for the book and open it , beginning to read … ] back to top scene 22 : micah 's Art Gallery - vampire lore explain dissolve to : ext . micah 's art gallery - friday day [ through the plate glass window , we can see micah inside . we aso see frost be reflection as he step into the shop . micah be read a book in braille . he raise he head when frost step into the room . frost be carry a small package . a young lady be seat behind a small desk near he . ] micah : I think you might be come to visit . frost : why 's that ? micah : just a feel , really . ( turn to the young woman ) Julia , would you mind get Jack and I some coffee from that little place across the street ? julia : still like it straight , Jack ? frost : that would be nice , thanks . [ Julia leave the two alone . ] micah : she 's great with the customer . they feel more comfortable buy a painting from someone who can tell if it 's upside down or not . not that it matter with some of this stuff . seem to be good with the book … but you know … ( beat ) she could be steal I blind ( smile at the pun ) why do you come ? [ frost set the package on the counter top , open it to reveal the book that Nancy have bring to he . ] frost : to bring this back to you . it 's a book ... micah : ( feel it ) the vampire book that nat borrow . first edition from 1868 . why be you bring it back ? nat ask you to ? frost : no . I have not see he . his wife Nancy give it to I . she say he want I to give it to you . ( beat ) micah , do you notice anything strange about he when he be here ? [ micah put the book under the counter , let the question hang in the air . ] micah : ( totally deadpan ) you mean besides the fact he be dead ? [ there be silence for a moment . ] frost : what do you mean ? micah : I smell death everyday for two year when I be in the camp , Jack . you do not forget a smell like that . frost : what be you say ? he 's a walk dead man ? micah : I be say that judge from he interest in this book that at least he think he 's a vampire . ( beat ) a undead man . [ medium Close on frost . he 's very stoic . ] frost : there be no such thing as vampire . [ back on micah now . ] micah : maybe not in you world . there be in he . ( beat ) I do not know if vampire exist or not , but I be willing to bet that nat think they do . and if he think he 's a vampire , then he will have to drink blood to survive . that 's what vampire do . frost : I can not believe in that stuff . micah : what if you be wrong ? just this once ? ( beat ) you be friend Dan 's in homicide . call he . ten-to-one he 's have a stiff or two miss a few pint . frost : nat 's no murderer . micah : forget nat . he 's dead -- or die . this thing be just a shell of the man you know . ( beat ) but he think like nat ...has nat 's memory . that 's why you be the only one who could take he down . my bet be that 's why he get the message to you -- before the vampire in he win . if that 's what he 's struggle with inside , he will lose . frost : if you be right , bullet will not stop he . micah : that 's what the book say , huh ? I know you could not resist read a little bit of it . what else do it say ? frost : it recommend wood . like in the movie . it say a vampire 's body be especially susceptible to wood penetrate it . you drive a wooden stake through the heart and it 's over . micah : then you have you answer . if you can get close enough . but be careful , Jack . ( beat ) nat know you as well as you know he . back to top scene 23 : rosie 's bar CUT to : int . rosie be bar - friday day [ close on the bar as we see a mug of Beer slam down onto it , spilling a bit of foam onto the surface . then we see kocha' hand grasp the edge . pull back as we see kocha lift himself up onto a barstool beside frost .] kocha : so , what 's up ? do not tell I you wanna re-match ? frost : no. ( beat ) I hear you be in here after that guy get kill the other night . [ kocha sip he beer and squint at frost . ] kocha : yeah . I miss the action . but I see who it be that do it . frost : be it nat ? [ kocha swallow a little hard , like it 's tough go down . ] kocha : yeah . you know , huh ? I be not sure it be he . not at first , anyway . he look pretty rough , Jack . like maybe he would be live on the street or something . ( beat ) but it be he . I follow he a little way afterward . wound up on the other side of the gaslamp District . you know where they have get the street tore up on eighth ? [ as kocha tell he story , we see a few flash from the night he 's talk about . nat , by the sewer tunnel , kocha skateboard on the street , etc ; ] frost : yeah . kocha : well , that be sewerline they be work on over there . let I tell you , it do not exactly smell like rose , neither . an' nat go saunter in there like it 's home sweet home . from the look of he , maybe it be . frost look a bit shocked . he can not imagine he friend really be in this shape . frost : if he be in trouble , why do not he come and ask I to help ? kocha : why you think ? he 's probably tired of have you bail he sorry ass out of trouble every time he turn around . that and the guilt , I would imagine . ( beat ) look , I have get no one but I to blame for blow off my leg . I get cocky and drop my guard . you even warn I . but you do not almost go blind because you screw up . nat do that for you . ( beat ) when you drop out of the life , I think nat be go to tag along and find something legit to do , too . but he do not . I do not think he could stand see you all the time . constantly remind of how big he screw up . he look up to you too much . ( beat ) how do you deal with know you almost kill the best friend you ever have ? back to top scene 24 : frost 's Home / San Diego Police Department CUT to : int . frost's study - Day [ frost be seat at he desk . there be the ususal paper and a portable computer and so forth , as well as a photo of frost and jill . he be go through drawer , look for something . he pull out a scrap book . flipping through the page , we see a mini-history of the group of old friend . there be photo of nick , ken , frost and the other . some be from the Afghanistan era , other from different campaign or social gathering . there 's a large picture of frost and nat together take in a backyard somewhere . he turn a page and we see a picture of dan , take from around the time of the desert campaign . he have bleach blonde hair and a goatee . in red marker beside it be a hand - scrawle note : note " can you believe I use to look like this ? it 's a miracle they let I in the Academy ! - best , dan " below that picture be a more recent shot of Dan in a policeman' uniform . he be clean-shaven . his hair be jet black . frost sit and look at it for a moment , then reach for the phone . ] frost : connect I to the homicide division of the Police Department , please . no , it 's not a emergency . thank you . ( beat ) could I speak to Dan Richardson , please ? ( pause , while connect ) dan ( v.o. ) this be Richardson . frost : Dan . this be Jack . do you have time to see I this afternoon ? [ fade to black : ] ext . San diego police department - friday day [ frost cross the street and up the step into the Police department . int . Police squad room sdpd - friday day ] frost : how be she kill ? [ close on photo . this show Linda jink in close detail . her shirt be tear and soak in blood . her eye be open . but it be she throat that be of particular interest . there be tooth mark , like that from a animal wound . ] dan : we have rule out mountain lion . I be on the case last year when that teacher get maul up in the canyon . it 's a totally different kind of wound . ( beat ) the jaw that inflicted this do not belong to a bear or coyote , either . [ cu on dan .] dan : they measure one point five inch from canine to canine . ( beat ) human . [ frost look through the photo again . study they , then place they back in the envelope and hand they back . ] frost : you say there be two murder ? dan : yeah . the other be a woman in she mid-thirty ; caucasian . they find she on the roof of a parking garage downtown . right in the flight path of the airport . great first impression when you arrive in town , do not you think ? frost : same m.o. with she ? dan : pretty much . massive blood loss . severe trauma to the neck . we have get a pretty sick creep on we hand . ( beat ) now . I have give you what I have get . you turn . what do you know ? frost : I be not sure I know anything . dan : do not give I that crap ! frost : it 's not much and I be not sure I believe any of it myself ... dan : try I . frost : Nancy come to see I a couple of night ago . dan : Nancy McKenzie ? frost : yeah . she say that nat attack she . dan : do she report it ? frost : no . she also say she think he 's a vampire . or at least he believe he be . ( beat ) see what I mean ? dan : damn . you think she 's crazy ? frost : no . but he might be . I do not know . I be try to find he . dan : well , there 's not much I can do if she 's not willing to report a spousal abuse ... ( beat ) you think he might actually be involved in this crap ? frost : I really do not know . not the man we have know for eleven year . but if he 's snap ... dan : keep I post . I do not think he wife say he 's a vampire 's enough to get a warrant , but I can have some of the boy keep a eye out . ( beat ) he watch my back more than a dozen time . I would hate to see he go down like this . [ fade out . ] [ ext . parking lot - day frost make a call from he cellular phone . he try Jill 's apartment and get she message . ] jill : ( vo , answer machine message ) hi , it 's I . let I think ... it 's Friday night , I be run out to drop off some movie , I will be back in later . leave a message . bye . [ rising crane shot , exterior of frost 's car as it speed away . fade to black :] back to top scene 25 : sewer ext . sewer entrance - night [ frost descend into the sewer entrance . he 's dress in dark clothes , similar to the one he wear at the museum in the earlier scene . he have a light - weight vest on , and underneath that , a shoulder holster . a powerful flashlight be clipped to he belt . inside the sewer , we see he climb down from the ladder , he foot lightly splash in the watery tunnel . inside the tunnel , ahead of frost --look back as he light become visible and he enter frame . a rat scurries by in the foreground . we hear a incessant dripping noise in the background . frost proceed into the tunnel , cautiously play he flashlight on the wall around he . drip drip drip eventually , he come to a area where the tunnel branch into three . not know which to take , he lean toward the first , strain to catch any sound that might lead he to nat . drip drip drip it 's the same at the second tunnel entrance . pause at the third , we hear frost 's own breathe , heighten by the otherwise silent labyrinth . all we hear be frost 's own breathe , heighten by the otherwise silent labyrinth . his gun hold high , he strain to listen again . now , in addition to the drip sound , we hear the faint sound of a distant flutter , then it build as the source come closer . out of the inky blackness of the tunnel , we see a swarm of black shape streaking toward frost . bat . there must be close to a hundred of they , a flurry of leathery - winge creature with twin needle for tooth . frost react , try to knock they away , keep they from he face . the bat attack for a time , one make contact with he face , scratch he - - he strike another with he fist , send it back into the water . finally , they pass he , move on down the tunnel . frost get himself together , then continue . as he round a corner , we see that there 's a crack in the side of the tunnel and a thin glimmer of light be escape . a few straggling bat fly overhead , then escape through this fissure . frost move forward , reach the crack , then look inside . it 's not quite big enough for he to squeeze into comfortably , but somehow , he realize that this be what he have to do . really play up the struggle to fit into this space . extremely claustrophobic . the crack carry he perhaps ten foot , open into a larger room . show severe earthquake damage from decade ago block he path . as he make he way through , push rubble and debris aside , we move with he , revealing what appear to be a small mission or church room . it 's clear that no live person have be down here for perhaps as much as a hundred year . it 's definitely dress in a period fitting the late 1800' . we see a couple of old wooden pews , some religious art on the wall and perhaps a simple wooden podium or altar . the centerpiece be a eight foot tall crucifix . the earthquake damage have collapse a area of the ceiling , leave rubble to fill up one entire corner nearly from floor to ceiling . crane - up on frost , take the camera as high as we can go . reverse angle : also a crane up on the crucifix , revealing nat somehow hang / hover behind Christ 's statue . ] nat : hello , jack. ( beat ) Long time no see . [ dolly - in , three / quarter view of frost as he look at he friend -- a mixture of shock and disgust on he face . remember , frost convey a lot with a little . ] frost : I be tell you be dead . nat : I an' Sam clemen , Jack . the report of we death ... ( smile ; revealing the fang ) ... be greatly exaggerated . [ nat lower himself to the ground . ] ( beat ) nat : not that that son-of -a-bitch General do not try , mind you . I go back to pay he a little visit ' bout a week ago . ( beat ) but you beat I to it . I can see it now . touch really . I mean you go in and avenge the senseless death of you friend . ( beat ) beautiful work . what would you use on the helicopter ? C - 4 ? [ frost nod . ] nat : classic frost . you style be stamp all over it . by the way ... do you ever see a helicopter you didn 't have to blow up ? frost : what be you do down here ? nat : ( spread he arm as he look around ) oh , this little rat hole ? ( beat ) just hang out . ( beat ) kind of fitting , do not you think ? a church ... guess they just build right over it when the quake hit . ( glance at skeletal remain in friar 's clothing ) padre here take up permanent residence about then . there 's a bank up top now . maybe thirty foot up . ( gesture to the crucifix ) he get piss -- money changer in the temple and all that ... frost : Nancy want I to find you . nat ( snarling ) she be better off when she think I be dead ! frost : listen ... [ nat move in on he , cover the ten foot as if it be a half -step . as he lunge , he push frost back against the church wall , pin frost 's gun hand ( he right ) to the wall . he 's within a few inch of frost 's face . ] nat : no , you listen ! ( punctuate he sentence by slamm frost 's wrist against the wall ) you do not know anything about what 's go on here or what happen to I out in that damn desert ! [ cu on frost . ] frost : tell I . [ nat hurl Jack to he right , onto the ground . frost lose he flashlight , but it still cast a eerie glow from where it land . nat turn away a half - step , then pause . ] nat : you know about the ambush . what you do not know be that I escape . I make it down that rock and out into the dune . hope to reach the highway . ( beat ) I probably should have die in Afghanistan last year . you do not believe I when it happen . that thing the local call a demon … nat turn back around to frost , look down at he friend . nat : he bit I . I kill he . now I be one of they . end of story . ( beat ) believe I . I think I be crazy too . [ frost stand , pick up the flashlight . ] frost : let I help you . nat : it 's too late for that , Jack . much too late . ( beat ) I think I could come back here . live with Nancy like nothing happen ... I be kid myself . I nearly kill she the other day . ( beat ) you do not know what it 's like . to watch the woman you love , sleep so peacefully ... and it 's all you can do to keep from rip out she throat and drain every last drop of blood from she pretty little body . that demon be a vampire . maybe they do not call them that over there . but 's that 's what he be . you tell I then that you be not sure there be a hell . I can tell you , my friend ... ( raise he eye - - now with contact ) ... there be . frost : if you do not want I to help , you would not have give Nancy the book . nat : quaint , be not it ? lot of stuff on how to hurt we , but they neglect to include the chapter on curing a vampire . ( beat ) see , when I realize what I have become ... when I truly see what I be capable of ... ( beat ) I want to die . and there 's no one I would rather have kill I than my ol ' buddy Jack . frost : thanks . nat : who else would even have a fight chance ? [ cu on nat , a evil look on he face -- in he eye . ] nat : but , that feel 's past . I kind of like what I have become . I plan on stick around awhile . but ... I be go to give you something I do not have . [ medium cu on frost , listen . then , in a flash , frost be strike , the light fall from he hand . then he raise up , look around ... frost's Pov . show that nat be go . cu on frost . nat 's whisper in he ear from behind . ] nat : a choice . leave I alone and live . ( beat ) do not ... and I will kill you . [ frost spin in the direction of nat 's voice , but no one 's there . frost be all alone . circular dolly shot to show that no one else be in the tunnel with he . nat 's last word seem to echo off the wall . fade to Black : ] back to top scene 26 : Nancy 's House [ int / ext . nat 's house - night fade in on a black and white photograph of nat , ken pflug and frost . they be in military gear and stand in a stretch of wood somewhere . they be all smile . ] nancy : so I be not crazy . [ pan right across the wall . there 's another photo -- this one of nat and Nancy on a beach . end pan as we see frost sit at Nancy McKenzie 's kitchen table . Nancy be pour herself a brandy .] frost : I never say you be . nancy : you do not have to . I say it enough for both of we . ( look at frost , search ) do he say what he plan to do ? frost : not really . just that he do not think he could come back here . he be afraid he would hurt you . nancy : what do you think ? frost : in the state of mind he 's in ... I think he might . even if he do not mean to . nancy : but do you think he 's a ... [ she finish she sentence by make a gesture with she hand of a bat flutter . ] frost : I think he 's kill people ... and I do not doubt he 's drank blood ... nancy : you be right . none of that make he a vampire . [ Nancy take the remainder of she drink in a swift shot , drain the glass . ] frost : I be just say that I have not see real evidence of the ... supernatural definition . nancy : of course ... ( beat ) ... but you really think he 's kill people ? frost : yes . at least two woman . a man in the bar … I leave he out when I speak to Dan . there 's enough hang on nat without that . nancy : oh ... [ Nancy reach for the wine , but fumble , knock over she glass . ] nancy : dammit ! [ she start cry . until now , she have be able to keep she emotion in check , but she 's lose it .] nancy : I be sorry ... it 's just -- frost : hey ... [ he move to she side , put a arm around she shoulder . ] frost : you have nothing to be sorry for . [ Nancy reach up and pat frost 's hand . ] nancy : thanks . ( wiping she eye ) again . ( look up at he ) what can we do ? [ they step outside . ] CUT to : ext . nat' house - night . [ frost : you sure you be go to be all right here ? I could give Jill a call . I be sure you could stay with she . Nancy give he a hug . ] nancy : no thanks . I will sleep better in my own bed . [ frost turn to walk to he car , crossing the driveway to the driver 's side . ] frost : ok , then . but if you need anything -- anything at all -- you call I . nancy : I will . [ frost get into he car , which be park in she driveway . stay on he as he back out and drive away . track with the car , then pan up to reveal : nat sit on the top of a streetlight . he be stock still , like a macabre gargoyle . close on nat . we see that he have a expression that be a mix of anger and pain . he think he lovely wife have betrayed he with he best friend . nat 's hand as he twist the wedding ring , remove it . track with that ring as it begin to fall to the ground . slow motion . nat' Pov . pan down -- reverse of the pan that lead we up to he -- we see the street with frost 's tail light recede in the distance , then down to nancy as she walk back to she door . she be about to place she hand on the doorknob . we hear a faint " tink " of the gold wedding band hit asphalt in the distance . CUT on action : close on she hand as it make contact with the door knob . in a blur , nat 's hand land on she shoulder , spin she around to face he . he clearly must have cover forty or fifty foot in a split second . nancy'' Pov : we see nat stand over she . he 's piss . ] nat : hi , honey . ( beat ) miss I ? [ nat thrust he hand forward in a rapid motion . reverse angle , show he hand clamp over Nancy 's mouth , stifling she scream . Zoom in on she face , the eye silently scream in terror . fade to black :] back to top deleted scene : cemetary , nat kill Nancy ext . cemetery - later that night [ we see the establish shot of the cemetery from the outside . it be a older place , full of statue and interesting design . the outside be fence with wringht iron and stone . the night be foggy . the camera move in , pass between the bar of the gate , into the cemetery . a shadowy shape move around in the distance . it be difficult to make out who or what it be . move through the cemetery ( steadicam ) , really building up the mood of the place . now we see that there be indeed a figure ahead of we . it 's nat . he 's carry Nancy in he arm . she 's unconscious . we see a old crypt ahead of they . nat step over the protrude root of old tree , and bit of tombstone that have break over time . he lash out , kick the mausoleum door open with he foot . year - old dust and stale air billow out from the crypt as he enter . he place he wife 's still body on the floor of the chamber as he turn back to the doorway . it 's as if he 's try to convince himself not to do what he 's about to . Nancy 's eye flutter open and she look around , frighten . she make a attempt to back away from nat , but there 's not anywhere to go . he move closer to she , and she kick out catch he in the cheek , draw blood . close on nat as he feel the blood with he fingertip and put they to he mouth , taste it . he leap on she , back -handing she and knock she out . nat bring he fang down to pierce he beloved wife 's neck a with that act , he humanity be go . fade to black :] back to top scene 27 : Discovery of Jill 's death int . frost 's Study - Saturday day [ frost enter , toss he mail on the desk . he check he machine for message , then walk over to the painting . he uncover it and look at it for a moment , then at he watch . Jill have not show for she modell session and frost be concerned . he dial she house . ] jill : ( vo , answer machine message ) hi , it 's I . let I think ... it 's Friday night , I be run out to drop off some movie , I will be back in later . leave a message . bye . [ she would have change she message . it 's Saturday now . we see frost leave , obviously head for she apartment . ] CUT to : ext. / int . jill apartment . night [ close on the lock on Jill 's apartment door . frost lean in , manipulate two small metal pick . with a twist and a barely audible click sound , the door knob turn . he 's in . there be nothing terribly unusual about the apartment . it 's a one - bedroom place and only slightly messy . Jill 's a college girl and she home be decorate as such -- a stereo , tv , a old pizza box on the counter , etc . there be two rental videotape on a small table near the door . suspense build as frost begin to search the place , fear the worst . intercut : flashes of jill prepare for she bath . a quick look in the bedroom reveal little more . the bed 's unmade and a few dirty clothes cover the floor . intercut : flash of jill in the bath . then a high angle look down . nat' figure enter the foreground as he crawl down the wall , spider - like ; descend on she . inside the bathroom as frost enter . it 's almost as if he know before he look . intercut : Jill 's eye snap open as nat 's hair hang down and brushes she cheek . she try to scream , but fail as nat 's mouth widen and he fang sink into she throat . back with frost . he see she in the tub . she 's dead . frost kneel by the tub , look down at he girlfriend . the water be red and cover most of she body . her neck be twisted oddly , perhaps break . telltale bitemark show how she be kill . angle up , look past frost to reveal nat in the corner of the ceiling behind he . he 's wedge up there by he own strength . close on frost as he turn , but nat 's already go . we see the open window , the curtain blow in the slight breeze . then , we focus on a note scrawle on the wall that be not there moment before -- note : almost over , Jack . Alice miss you . it 's a challenge . and frost understand its cryptic meaning . frost rub he eye , then walk out to the live room . he pick up the phone and dial a number . ] frost : yes. Lieutenant Richardson please . thank you . ( beat ) dan , it 's Jack ... I be at Jill Allen 's apartment . she 's … frost pause for a moment . he can not speak . ( pause ) yeah . I be all right . ( listen ) wait , what about Nancy ? I think you have a black and white keep a eye on she . when do they make they last round ? damn . any sign of nat ? ( listen ) he be here . no mistake . same throat injury , massive blood-loss ... ( listen ) I can not wait around . you boy will be here soon enough . ( listen ) something I should have do three day ago . [ he hang up , then pick up the phone again , dial . ] frost : micah ? I need one of you gunsmith to make I something special . I need it today . I will pay extra … [ fade to black :] scene 28 : confessional ext . Church - night [ establish shot of a stone Catholic Church . dissolve to : int . church - night Inside a dimly light church , we see a few empty pews , some light candle … … and a wooden confessional . inside , we see a Priest , a older man seating himself , and bless he vestment . ] priest : you may begin , my Son . [ through the screen partition , we see a man in shadow . it be nat .] nat : forgive I Father , for I have sin . it have be … ( beat , reflective ) how long have it be since my last confession , Father Harris ? [ disturbed , the priest squint to see through the screen . ] priest : Nathaniel ? be that you ? ( beat ) it have be a very long time , my son . perhaps five year … nat : five year . ( beat ) there 's be a lot of death in five year , Father . a lot of death . I have kill more than a few man . priest : War be a terrible thing , but it be not unknown to him . sometimes it be he will that soldier take up they arm . [ there 's a moment of silence and then it be break by nat 's voice . ] nat : in Afghanistan , I kill nearly twenty man in combat . in Africa , there be nearly twice that many . priest : my nat : when I think of the waste , Father priest : life be precious . he gift should not be -- nat : no . not the life . the blood . perfectly good blood soak into the dust . ( beat ) I be much more careful now . take my wife , for example . when I kill she , I swallow every last drop of she sweet , precious blood . not one bit be waste . [ throughout this dialogue , the Priest be visibly disturb . he move to put he hand on the slide panel between they .] priest : ( frighten ) Nathaniel … God forgive - God forgive … the truly penitent … you can be help … nat : that 's just it . [ the panel be jerked open . nat , with he haggard face , dry blood on he chin and fang bare stare maniacally at the Priest . ] nat : ( angrily ) when she die , I give up any chance of save whatever soul I have leave ! nat withdraws back into he side of the confessional . so , forgive I , Father … [ suddenly , nat drop down into the priest be side of the confessional . he 's right in front of the priest . exterior of the confessional . the Priest scream and scream … and the candle blow out . ] back to top scene 29 : cemetary ext . cemetery - night [ OPEN on a full moon . crane down our Pov be from inside the gate of the old cemetery . frost be stand outside the gate . heroic , larger than life . and something be in he hand . then we get the closeup . it 's a cross - bow . frost try the gate , but it 's lock . it only take a moment for he to pick the lock and he 's inside . track with frost as he walk through the cemetery , pass the new grave and enter a older section . after several moment , he reach a familiar tombstone . it 's a statue of a young girl . the base of the stone say , " alice frost " CUT to : a flock of bat fly in the nightsky . they be swoop down into the cemetery . they fly behind a a massive cross and in one motion , nat step out the other side . frost look at the small statue , not see nat nearby . ] frost : ( quietly ) hello , Alice . nat : ( off-frame ) I be not sure if you would remember she . [ frost spin to he leave to see nat stand near the Cross . ] nat : since you have get a new girlfriend and all . you tell she that you have a wife once ? [ nat pat the statue . Pan down to show the name " frost " in big letter on the base of the cross . below that , we see the name , " Elizabeth " and " James . " ] nat : you use to say she remind you of Lewis Carroll 's " Alice . " with that same little - girl - lose look on she face . that 's the romantic in you , put up a stone like that . figure you might like finish this up near you family plot . ( beat ) make it easier on the funeral home if you be already here . [ nat watch frost , look for a reaction , goad he , but receive none . ] ya like nursery rhyme , Jack ? I have have a little time on my hand , a ' kinda write one for you . see what you think . [ as nat recite he poem , he lean against the Cross . ] ( in a sing - songey , child - like rhythm ) " Jack find Jill up on the hill , she body in the water . Jack look ' round all over town , a vampire he be after . " ( beat ) I be no Lewis Carroll , but then I never have much of a taste for little girl . [ Wide shot of the two man , perhaps twenty foot apart . ] frost : why do you kill they , nat ? nat : do not be so high - and -mighty with I ! you have kill too many man to wash the blood off now !! we be not that different ! frost : I be not a murderer . and I never kill a woman . nat : how else could I have convinced you ? I have to make sure you would take I seriously . frost : I do not even know the first two woman ... nat : ( snap ) I be talk about Jill and Nancy . the other be ... food . frost : nancy ? she be you wife ! all I do be try and help she ... nat : then I be wrong . once I be through with you , we will not have to worry about you ever again . frost : you want to finish this here . ( beat ) I intend to . nat : at least you be better-armed this time . [ low - angle , creepy , ground - level Pov , move toward frost and nat . frost turn when he hear a rustling sound in the bush behind he and to he leave . frost's Pov , we see a small figure crawl from the shadow . reveal that it 's kocha .] frost : kocha -- what be you do here ? kocha : ( eyeing nat , then look back at frost ) I think you might need some help . [ frost relax a bit , turn he attention back to nat . in a blur , kocha spring on Jack , clamber up the man like monkeybar . he use frost 's leave -arm , the one close to he as a start point , then pull himself up and onto the bigger man 's back . Dramatic upshot as kocha lean back , he fang bare . frost react in shock , strain to pull away . frost pull a crossbow bolt from he quiver and thrust it into kocha 's chest . the legless man fall to the ground and scream in agony . smoke rise off of he body as he die a final death . frost pull he 9 mm and shoot he former friend repeatedly . kocha 's body react with violent spasm . ] nat : that 's gotta hurt ! ( beat ) the bullet be just for good measure , huh ? not that they do squat ! [ nat pull he shirt away , bare he chest . we see three desicate bullet wound . ] nat : Hell , I take three in the ticker last week from a street cop in the sewer ! [ slowly , kocha 's body stop twitching . frost wipe the sweat from he forehead and upper lip . upshot , full -figure . frost 's Pov . nat shake he head in mock sadness . ] nat : you be run out of friend , Jack ! [ Jack fire the crossbow at nat ... ... and miss as nat leap , cartwheel over the repeat fire of the bolt . frost manage to fire another bolt at nat , who block , but be strike across the back of the hand . the deflect bolt embed in a nearby tree . cu of the wounded hand . the flesh boil where the wood penetrate it . frost throw a punch at nat , who catch it in he hand , effortlessly . frost punch with the other hand , with the same result . ] nat : I can feel the hunger . like when I kill the cop ... and the woman . [ nat push frost backward , still hold both fist ; like a macabre game of mercy . tight on the two man in profile . nat , still clutching frost 's fist - still drive he backward , but rise as he do . he be now look down on frost -several inch taller now . frost realize the eyeline / height difference at the same time as the audience . he look down to see … nat hovering , a foot off the ground . nat slam the astonished frost into the tree where the crossbow bolt be embed . nat let loose of one of frost 's hand and backhand he … frost 's gun be knocked out of its holster to the ground , several foot away . … nat pluck the bolt from the tree and plunge it into frost 's hand , pin it to the tree . frost be in agony , try to free himself as nat step back several foot . ] ( beat ) nat : what be you go to do , jacky ? you do not have a God to pray to ... ( beat ) ...no God . [ from the shadow , the figure of the priest crawl from amongst the tombstone . nat applaud the Priest . ] nat : oh , bravo , Father ! bravo !! ( beat ) you be timing be impeccable . I mean , even imply crucifixion and you people just come out of the woodwork , do not you ? priest : please … do not do this … [ wider on the scene . frost be in incredible pain , nat haul the priest to he foot with one hand , show he incredible strength . ] nat : I know I have never be quite the artist you be , Jack . [ he make a sweeping gesture of the tableau before he . ] nat : but even you have to agree that this be art . the hero nail to the tree , the man of God about to die at the hand of a soulless creature that be totally and completely unredeemable . ( beat ) you really should try to capture it on canvas … if you live long enough . frost : ( gritting he tooth through the pain . ) go to Hell . [ nat turn he back on frost , who 's no longer a threat . he drag the priest away into the shadow . ] nat : oh , I will . I guarantee it ! [ fear play in the priest eye . he be go to die . nat be right . he be beyond redemption . ] [ back to frost who be try to pull the bolt out with he good hand . it 's no use . it will not come . back on nat and the Priest - the vampire loom over the Holy man . on frost . extreme closeup on he injure hand as he do the only thing he can do -- -- he rip he hand away , tear flesh and cartilage -- the bolt stay embed in the tree . two - shot of nat and the priest…as nat prepare to feed . push in on nat whirling back to face frost -- as we hear ( vampire sound ) the highly audible sound of a gun be reload and cocked . Wide on frost . this be the hero shot - the moment in the film where the audience know that it 's all about to hit the fan . Jonathan , " Jack " frost , be stand tall , dramatically backlit in all of he heroic glory , gun in ( he good ) hand . it 's the moment from alien when ripley appear in the power- loader ( get away from she , you bitch ! ) ; it 's dirty Harry 's arrival on the dock to save the girl from be rape in sudden Impact . in short , this be where everybody who ever roote for the good guy get he wish and the audience go wild . this be the shot that will make it clear that frost be undeniably … the hero . ] frost : it 's over , nat . [ nat look at frost 's injure hand , the blood drip ; he lick he lip and drop the priest violently to the ground . he take a step toward frost . ] nat : gun do not work on I , remember ?! [ come in close on nat 's eye . we see the fiery arrogance there . we see how eerie he eye really be . we hear the sound of frost fire the gun . blamm blamm still on nat 's eye . they register a myriad of thing all within a few second . intense pain / surprise and astonishment / total disbelief that he 's just be shot . ] nat : h--how ? [ tight cu on frost . ] frost : the bullet . brass jacket with wooden tip . ( beat ) I do not believe in vampire ... [ extreme cu on frost 's lower face . ] ( continue ) ... but I do not take any chance . [ tight on nat 's chest . the flesh around the bullet wound begin to boil and steam rise off of it . nat 's body smolder and transform into a decrepit corpse with a permanently fix expression of anguish outline on its skull . frost stand over it for a moment , pull something from he pocket and toss it down , on top of the body . close on the burnt hula girl doll lie on nat 's chest . pan up to show frost slowly walk away . he help the Priest to he foot and they make they way from the scene . among the tombstone , we see a dark figure move slowly , watch … fade to black :] back to top scene 30 : epilogue , San Diego , present Day int . frost's house - night title : two day later . [ tight closeup on wood -shaving fly through the air and landing on a hard - wood floor . ] micah : ( narration ) the thing on the ground in the cemetery ... the thing that be once Jack 's friend ... be truly dead now . but that be not nat McKenzie anymore . nat must have die week before . [ pull back to show frost sit in the dark , slowly and methodically carve a stake from one of he crossbow bolt , a big hunt knife in he bandaged hand . ] micah : ( narration ) Jack do not want to kill he friend . he do not have a choice . I get he what he need when he call . bullet with they tip file off and small chunks of rosewood embed in they . it must have be like fire a bunch of little stake into that vampire 's heart . [ intercut with shot of a woman walk in the cemetery . frost be wait for something . the room be illuminate purely from light come through the window , casting a deep shadow on the room . the window pane throw a cris-cross shadow pattern on frost and the floor in front of he . ] micah : ( narration ) Jack 's pretty smart . I guess he finally believe even if he do not want to admit it . [ intercut to the woman in the cemetery . slow motion . creepy as hell , like the bride of dracula . ] micah : ( narration ) I could picture he in my mind 's eye . sitting in a pitch black room , wear shade and sharpen crossbow bolt . he would realize it be the wood that do the trick . no need to make special bullet again . he would get pretty handy with that cross-bow . [ close on the woman in the Cemetery . it be nancy .] micah : ( narration ) Nancy die three night before . ( beat ) and she be probably pretty hungry . [ fade out : ] [ ext. parking lot - Day . - present day . the same homicide investigation we opened with . similar angle as the one we leave on micah and dan by the squad car .] dan : but why now ? Jack take care of Nancy a long time ago . micah : and it nearly kill he do it . ( beat ) nat be bitten a long time before he turn . that always bother I . but I have be think - maybe it 's not the bite that complete the change … ( beat ) … but the die . if you happen to die when you be bitten … [ medium Close on micah and dan as micah snap he finger . ] micah : you be a vampire like that . dan : you think it be someone that be bitten before … and it 's take this long ? [ downshot of the two man by the squad car . ] micah : ( sighing ) not really . this murder …at this specific spot … it seem too personal . [ start to zoom out of the scene . ] micah : I like the theory , though . ( beat ) but maybe just because it 's better than the alternative . [ continue the zoom out to realize that we be look down from a nearby rooftop . we zoom out to the point where we be behind a figure look down on the scene . his long , Brown Hair blow gently in the wind and with a soft , barely audible chuckle , nat McKenzie walk away . fade out :] the end back to top Main page