producer : Brian grazer producer : ron Howard producer : Eric fellner producer : Tim bevan executive producer : Todd hallowell frost / nixon by Peter Morgan white : 06/26/07 full blue : 08/14/07 pink revs : 08/22/07 yellow revs : 08/24/07 this material be the property of universal City studios lllp and be intend and restrict solely for studio use by studio personnel . distribution or disclosure of the material to unauthorize person be prohibit . the sale , copying or reproduction of this material in any form be also prohibit . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 1. the hiss and crackle of interference 1 -- as_a tv receiver be be tune . presently , it find a local Washington DC nightly news programme . it 's 17th June 1972 . a anchor speak to camera ... anchor ++ we be get report of a break - in tonight at the Democrat National Committee headquarters at the watergate Hotel here in Washington .. a blinding white light 2 tv light be switch on . we be in a television studio , ( though we only see fragment / detail ) . SOUND technician and electrician go about they business rigging light . setting - up microphone . running cable . archive television news footage 3 a local tv station reporter stand outside the Washington DC courthouse ... reporter ++ I be stand outside the federal courthouse where the trial start today of the seven burglar catch break into the Democrat National Party headquarters . , . back in the television studio 4 cameramen put on headphone , do final check with they camera . electrician and carpenter put finish touch to the set .. at the centre of attention , a simple desk . archive television news footage 5 a Network news programme . a major anchor read the news .. frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 anchor ++. more dramatic development at the ervin Committee hearing today , as White House counsel John Dean give evidence implicate the President 's direct knowledge of involvement in the watergate cover - up .. ext , production gallery / truck - night 6 the glow of light . the director , editor and production team in the production truck make final check . archive television news footage a Network anchor continue to tell the watergate story .. anchor .»- with the arrest of key Nixon aide , John haldeman and Bob ehrlichman , and White House special counsel Charles colson , it now seem any last minute attempt to save the presidency have fail ... image of ehrlichman , colson and haldeman fill the screen . int . oval office - white house - night a technician fix a microphone on a desk . above the desk , the presidential seal .. we realise now we be not in a television studio , but in the oval office of the White House .. archive television news footage - ( 1974 ) a news anchor speak to camera .. anchor the time be come up to nine o'clock . we be expect the President to address the nation any moment now , to announce he resignation .. 10 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 3. int . tv studio - night - ( 1974 ) 10 the technician finish fix the mike on the desk . he get to he foot . be about to go , when .. voice maybe you should do this . you be a lot better look than I . the technician look up to see richard nixon , 37th President of the United States , stand in front of he . the technician beat a hasty retreat .. ‘flash ' , a picture be take by the White House photographer . nixon that 's enough now , Ollie . the other guy will only get mad if I give you too many . ( look up / strain to hear ) what ? ok ... one more shot . nixon pose . ' flash 's , another shot . nixon squint out at the television camera , the army of technician . ( among they we pick out nixon 's new Chief of staff , jack brennan ) ... nixon you get a extra camera in case the light go out ? ( another agonize smile ) Standard joke . Standard joke . it 's the condemn man make joke with he executioner . ' flash 's , another picture be take . nixon spin .. nixon ( snap angrily ) c'mon , Ollie , back off ! a frightening bark . Quick temper . Savage . nixon my friend Ollie always want a lot of picture of I . I be afraid he will catch I pickin’ my nose . he would not print that though , would ya , Ollie . a hint of menace . ollie shake he head , terrify .. ollie no , sir. 11 12 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) -— 8/24/07 4 , director Fifteen second , Mr. President . make up lady fuss over the President , put finish touch to he appearance ... nixon I would like you to be generous with that powder of yours , they probably tell you ... I tend to ...ah.. perspire . a technician take a light read ... nixon take a light read ? they say blond photograph better than brunettes . or be it the other way around , int . university library - day - ( 1982 ) 11 jame reston jnr ~ ( mid 30 's ) - academic , author and journalist - the long-ish hair of a liberal intellectual , be be interview for a documentary in 1982 ... reston nowadays , people forget - but in the summer of 1972 , Richard Nixon be unassailable . he be wind down the war in Vietnam , achieve a diplomatic breakthrough with the Russians , he be the first western leader to visit China . none of he political opponent could lay a finger on he . his approval rating match Kennedy 's . he be about to be re-elect with the large landslide in recent memory , and then ... he decide to try and cover - — up a third rate burglary . int . white house - oval office - night - ( 1974 ) 12 the studio manager call out .. studio manager five , four , three .. a lighting change . nixon turn directly to camera . in a instant he voice become deeper , more presidential .. 13 14 15 16 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 nixon good evening . this be the thirty - seventh time I have speak to you from this office where so many decision have be make that shape the destiny of we nation ... int . lwt studio - london - day - ( 1982 ) 13 a man in he late 30' , intelligent , bespectacle , long-ish hair , the faintest hint of a british merseyside accent .. ( to the same documentary crew ) .. birt like everyone else I have watch the watergate drama play out in my live - room . I would be glue to the Select and Judiciary Committee hearing night after night . now finally , it have come to this .. int . oval office - night - ( 1974 ) nixon continue .. nixon «therefore I shall resign the presidency effective at noon tomorrow . int . university library - day - ( 1982 ) back tc jame reston give he interview .. reston but instead of the satisfaction I imagine I no feel , I just get angrier and angrier . because there be no admission of guilt . no apology .. int . oval office - white house - night - ( 1974 ) nixon +.+.to leave office before my term be complete be abhorrent to every instinct in my body . I have never be a quitter . ( more ) 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 6 . nixon ( cont would ) but I do so secure in the knowledge that America be a better country , and the world a safer place than when I come to power five and a half year ago . int . ABC studio - new york - day ~ ( 1982 ) 17 bob zelnick , ( 40 ) , a dark -haire , genial , measure East Coast academic , intellectual and political journalist .. zelnick Little do I know then that I would one day be a part of the team that would try to elicit that apology . int . oval office - night - ( 1974 ) 18 nixon 's resignation speech continue .. nixon «-- to have serve in this office be to have feel a very personal sense of kinship with each and every american . tn leave it , I do so with this prayer : may God 's grace be with you in all the day 's ahead . int . ABC studio - new york - day ~ ( 1982 ) 19 zelnick smile as he continue ... zelnick and that the team would be lead by the most unlikely white knight . a man with no political conviction . indeed someone who have never vote in he life . but a man who have one big advantage over all of we . ( a beat ) he understand television . int . television studio - sydney , australia - night - ( 19740 swirl light . we be in a small , amateurish tv studio in distant Australia . a studio manager hold up a sign , ' applause 's . Music play the theme to the frost show , and the eponymous host , ( late 30 's ) , skip through slide door . blazer and slack . sideburn and blow-dry hair . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 7. frost hello , good evening and with the eye of the world focus on the White House , here in Australia burglar have break into a meat factory in brisbane and steal a ton of pork sausage . queensland police be look for man in a long , thin , getaway car ... the studio manager laugh in exaggerated fashion , lead the audience ... frost my first guest tonight grow up in a tin hut in New South Wale . by the age of five she be hit tennis ball against a wall with a piece of wood . a few week ago , she become the first aboriginal Australian to win wimbledon . she also get engage to be marry . lady and gentlemen , evonne goolagong . applause as the tennis player walk out to be greet by frost .. frost you can not do it . we will not allow it . you can not change you name . ' goolagong 's be the most famous name in Australia . be there another reason ? something you be not tell we ? you husband 's first name be not ' ging gang 's , be it ? the studio manager laugh in exaggerated fashion again ... 20a int . casa pacifica ~ office - day - ( 1982 ) 20a jack brennan talk to camera from he office .. brennan we in the Nixon camp do not know much about David frost except that he be a british talk show host with something of a playboy reputation who would have a talk show here in the US for a while , which have win some award but have not syndicate well , and so have be drop by the Network ... 21 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 8. int . television studio - night - ( 1974 ) 21 the show wrap up . Music , light and applause . frost be give the ' all clear 's - then walk off stage , remove he jacket .. a round of ' good show 's , ' Nice work 's , as he pass technician and cameramen . frost head for he dress — room .. but stop when he see .. a crowd of people hunch around a television monitor in the production office . frost decide to check it out . we begin to hear the familiar baritone of nixon 's voice come from the television .. nixon ( on tv ) +.- I remember my old man . he be a streetcar motorman first ... then he be a farmer .. then he have a lemon ranch .. frost reach the crowd , which part . frost push through to see the television , where nixon speak . the former President stand on a raise stage , surround by he family .. nixon ( on tv ) .. it be the poorest lemon ranch in California . he sell it before they find oil on it .. frost shoot a look at he director .. director Nixon . say farewell to the White House staff . nixon ( on tv ) and nobody will ever write a book about my mother . but my mother be a saint , frost what ? this be live ? director yes . frost stare at the tv . frost what time be it in Washington ? 22 23 24 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 9. director ( check watch ) nine be . frost why do not he wait ? it 's six in the morning on the West Coast . half he audience be still asleep . int . white house - east room - day - ( 1974 ) 22 nixon be fight emotion as he address a room full of the White House staff , security service , family member , include PAT nixon ... nixon »- and so , it say to all of you , be proud of what you have do . continue to give you best . never get discourage . never be petty . the atmosphere be electric . we pick out a granite - face brennan among emotional staffer that be openly weep . nixon always remember . other may hate you , but that who hate you do not win unless you hate they , and then you destroy yourself ... int . television studio - night - ( 1974 ) 23 frost stare at the tv as nixon walk towards a wait helicopter on the White House lawn ... frost find out the number for this , will you ? worldwide . on tv : nixon turn and give he victory salute .. director sure . I will get someone onto it . ext . helicopter - day - ( 1974 ) 24 the helicopter lift away from the White House .. 25 26 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 10 . int . helicopter - day - ( 1974 ) 25 Inside : the helicopter be sound - proofed , and luxuriously equip , in beige corduroy , with telephone and armchair with the presidential seal . more like a private jet . nixon , a painful silhouette , stare out of the window , watch the White House become smaller and smaller , disappear .. col . jack brennan , ( 45 ) , nixon 's Chief - of staff , dark - haire , thick - set , ex-military , athletic , not PAT nixon , sit opposite the president .. brennan it 's a travesty , Sir . nixon stare out of the window .. nixon well , it 's do now . and this time there 's no come back . brennan never say never , Mr. President . what you need first be rest . then who know ? anything can happen . nixon no , Jack . not this time . nixon 's eye stare out of the window .. nixon this time it 's over . brennan stare at nixon .. brennan ( v.0 . ) I remember he face . just ravage with pain . stare out of the window ... int . brennan ‘s office - san clemente ~ ( 1982 ) 26 brennan try to contain he anger .. brennan ++- while down below he , liberal America cheer ! and gloat ! the trendy ! the hippie ! ( more ) frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 brennan ( cont would ) the draft-dodgers and dilettant ! they have get rid of Richard Nixon . they bogeyman . ( more ) 10a . 27 28 29 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 11 . brennan ( cont would ) and who do they get in he place ? ( a beat ) Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter . ext . london weekend television - day - ( 1974 ) 27 lwt studio , a tall building in the heart of London , on the south bank of the Thames .. int . television studio - lwt - day - ( 1974 ) 28 a hard -hitting current affair programme , ' weekend World 's , finish taping . it 's confrontational . uncompromising . presenter thank you , Minister . next week 's programme come from bournemouth and the start of the Labour Party Conference . until then , goodbye . the show finish . it 's producer , JOHN birt , longish hair and spectacle , walk out onto the studio floor , take the presenter aside , and give note . birt what be you do ? you have you foot on he throat and you let he go ! presenter ( gesture ear ) I have the mike in . you do not say anything . birt I should not need to say anything . he break the law . you should have finish he off ! a assistant bring over a phone . hand it to birt . : assistant Mr. frost for you . birt hello ? David ? int . bentley - london street - day - ( 1974 ) 29 david frost sit in the back of he bentley . he have overhear birt give the note . he chuckle .. frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 frost beat they , John ! beat they with a stick ! God know I still bear my own scar . now , where do you fancy for lunch ? simpson or the caprice ? I have book both . 11a . 30 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) ~ 8/24/07 12. birt I be sorry . I have only get half a hour . it will have to be the canteen here at the studio . frost 's smile fade . frost the canteen ? int . lwt ~ canteen - day - ( 1974 ) 30 frost 's eye widen in horror as he and birt enter the cheap , smoke - fill , subsidize canteen of a major studio complex . fill with technician , crew member , etc . birt so what 's so important that it could not wait . that it have to be today . the two man take trays , and start drift along the line .. frost I have have a idea , John . Rather a bold idea . for a interview . and in a moment of .... well , it 's too late now ... it 's do ... I call he people and make a offer . now ... if the subject be to say ' yes 's , well , he 's rather a big fish , that swim in not untricky water ... so it go without say , I no want a dear friend and the finest producer I know by my side . birt who be it ? frost Richard Nixon . birt Richard Nixon ! frost do not look like that . birt how do you expect I to look ? I spend yesterday evening watch you interview the bee gee . 31 32 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 13. frost be not they terrific ? birt so ... what kind of interview ? frost a full , extensive look back over he life . his presidency . birt and . .? frost and what ..? birt c'mon , David , surely the only thing that would interest anyone about Richard Nixon would be a full , no hold - bar confession .. frost gesture ... frost oh , we will get that , too . birt from Richard Nixon ? frost c'mon , John , just think of the number it would get . do you know how many people watch he farewell speech in the White House ? four hundred million ? int . lwt studio - birt 's office - day - ( 1982 ) 31 birt smile as he remember ... birt but in the end , we hear nothing . soon after arrive in California , Nixon be rush to hospital with a acute attack of phlebitis . int . hospital - san clemente - day - ( 1974 ) 32 '' crash '' , nixon , ( on a gurney ) , be rush into hospital through swing door . raise voice . 33 34 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 14 . doctor , nurse and secret service surround the gurney .. birt ( v.0 . ) it be around this time that the new President , Gerald Ford , desperate to move the agenda on from watergate give Nixon a full , free and absolute pardon .. int . hospital - san clemente - ( 1974 ) 33 nixon be attach to drip , post-operation , unconscious . his wife and daughter , along with two nurse keep vigil by he bedside . monitor beep . secret service men keep guard outside he room . it have the atmosphere of a wake . over this : a voice .. ford ( on tv ) ++ I have searched my conscience to determine the right thing to do with respect to Richard Nixon , and he loyal wife and family . image on tv of White House staffer haldeman , ehrlichman , dean , colson etc go to jail for they role in watergate .. ford ( on tv ) theirs be a american tragedy in which we have all play a part ... zelnick ( v.0 . ) it mean the man who have commit the biggest felony in american political history would never stand trial . int . nurse 's station - hospital - day - ( 1974 ) 34 at the nurse 's station , a television play Gerald Ford 's pardon speech . no one pay much attention . they carry on go about they business ... ford ( on tv ) +,+- therefore I , Gerald Ford , President of the United States , pursuant to the pardon power confer upon I by article ii , section 2 of the constitution ... 35 36 37 38 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 15 . belnick ( v.0 . ) that week the mood among that of we around the world that believe America still have a healthy democratic tradition be pretty bleak . archive television news footage 35 image of civil protest , US citizen outrage by Ford 's pardon , take to the street . a country tear apart .. ford ( v.0 . ) +.. do grant a full , free and absolute pardon unto Richard Nixon for all the offence which he have commit against the United States .. int . david frost 's london home - night - ( 1974 ) 36 frost be on the phone , work from home . he catch the image of civil protest on he television in London . we close on frost 's face . as he watch the television . ext . casa pacifica - dusk - ( 1974 ) 37 dusk . a beautiful sunset . above the beach , beside a coast - guard station , a traditional Spanish - style house . this be casa pacifica . at the foot of the garden , nixon sit in a wheelchair . alone. recuperate . wound . in silhouette . stare out at the ocean . fade to black : int . nixon 's office - day - ( 1975 ) 38 nixon be in a wheelchair , he leave leg stretch out , be in he study work on he memoir with frank gannon and diane sawyer . a knock at the door . nixon 's valet , manolo sanchez clear he throat . manolo Mr. President ? swifty lazar be here . gannon and sawyer get to they foot to go .. 39 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 16 . nixon no , no . stay ! you will get a kick out of this . my literary agent . from '' Hollywood '' . hygiene obsessive . swifty lazar , barely five foot tall , immaculately dress in tailore clothes , appear in the doorway . swifty Mr. President , good to see you . nixon Irving lazar , Diane sawyer , Frank gannon .. a round of handshake and greeting . frank gannon notice swifty wiping he hand after each handshake ... nixon I be about to tell my associate how you get you nickname '' swifty '' . swifty do three deal for humphrey bogart in one afternoon . when he be not even my client . gannon and sawyer laugh , then leave . ext . casa pacifica — day 39 swifty and nixon move towards the pergola . manolo sanchez wheeling the former President down the path .. swifty so how be you feel , Sir ? nixon better . though not yet well enough to ' golf 's , thank God . I despise that game . never retire , Mr. lazar . to I the unhappiest people of the world be that in the water place , South of France , Palm Springs , Palm Beach , Newport .. go to party every night , play golf every afternoon , then drink too much , talk too much , think too little , retire - no purpose . what make life mean something be purpose . a goal . the battle . the struggle . ( more ) frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 17 . nixon ( cont would ) even if you do not win it . you know , when my doctor declare I unfit to give testimony in the watergate trial everyone think I no be relieved . they be wrong . that be the lowest I get . swifty well , if it 's a challenge you want , here 's one you might enjoy . how to spend two million dollar ... $ 2.3 to be precise . it 's what I get for you memoir . nixon thank you . swifty which might be a little short of what I want , but let I assure you , it 's a_whole lot more than they want . nixon that book we be work on be important to I . it 's probably the only chance I be go to get to put the record straight and remind people the Nixon year be not all bad .. 40 ext . pergola - day 40 swifty and nixon eat lunch on the presidential china .. swifty you know , if you want to put the record straight , I have at least talk to he . nixon who ? swifty David frost . the English talk - show guy . nixon look up . bemuse .. nixon why would I want to talk to David frost ? 41 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 18. swifty a while back he write ask for a interview . we do not get back . frankly , we do not find he ' appropriate 's . but if you want to get you side of the story across , he would be the guy who have let you . nixon I think we be do one with CBS ? swifty we be . I just figure do it with frost would be a lot easier than do it with Mike wallace . nixon it would . it would also have less credibility . swifty true . but we could probably get better money . nixon look up . now he 's interested . nixon really ? swifty look , we will always have three - fifty on the table from CBS . but if I can get frost to pay more , and secure better term it might be shame to pass . be interesting to know where he be right now .. ext . sydney harbor - day - ( 1975 ) 41 the Sydney Opera House in the background . frost , in blazer and tie , watch ag a man who 's hand and foot be tie be lower into the harbor . frost we tie he to railway track , and he escape ! we bury he alive , and he walk free ! today we be lowering escape artist derek Harrison into the water - to see if he can miraculously cheat death once more ! ( more ) frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 18a , frost ( cont would ) good evening , and welcome to '' great escape '' , my name be David frost ... 41a 42 43 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 19 . all around frost , a tv crew . among they , a attractive blonde production assistant in a red beret ... int , swifty' home - day ( 1982 ) 41a swifty lazar sit in he Los Angeles home . Palm tree and sunshine . he speak to the documentary crew ... swifty in any deal , you need to know you opponent 's break point . and to assess that you might call late at night , or at the week - end . if they take the call , it mean they be desperate , and from that moment on , you know you have get the upper hand .. int . frost's apartment - sydney - night - ( 1975 ) 42 '' rrrring '' , the phone ring . frost hit the light . he answer the phone , he face crease with sleep . ( we notice a sleep female figure beside he . a shock of blonde hair . a red beret at the foot of the bed ) . swifty Mr. frost ? Irving lazar . frost who ? swifty '' swifty '' lazar ? I represent President Nixon . the girl sit up in he bed .. beret girl what time be it ..? int . agency office - day - ( 1975 ) 43 swifty bad time ? frost no ! not at all .. frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 194 . swifty I be call with regard to you request for a interview . ( more ) frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) — 8/24/07 swifty ( cont would ) and to say , have consider it , my client be not necessarily oppose to the idea . frost really ? that 's terrific news . 44 int . swifty 's office - day - ( 1975 ) swifty speak on the phone with nixon .. swifty I get $ 500,000 . nixon be that good ? swifty Mr. President , it 's half a million dollar . for a news interview . it 's unprecedented . nixon and the catch ? swifty with frost ? none . it will be a biiiig wet kiss . a ' valentine 's . this guy be so grateful to be get it at all , he will pitch puff - ball all night and pay half a million dollar for the privilege . a silence . then .. nixon you think you could get $ 550,000 ? 45 int . swifty 's hollywood home - day - ( 1982 ) swifty in he home . he talk to the documentary crew .. swifty I get six . in any deal .. there 's give and take . they give you the money , you take it . and get the next train out of town . 20 . 44 4s 46 47 48 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 21. ext . heathrow airport - day - ( 1975 ) 46 London . the busy airport in the world . to establish . int . check - in desk - heathrow airport - day - ( 1975 ) at JOHN birt and david frost come in through revolve door , and walk through the airport terminal .. birt how could you have do that ? frost what ? everywhere they go , head turn . frost be clearly a major celebrity in he native country . birt $ 600,000 . it 's a fortune , David . two hundred on signature ? frost do not worry about the money . they reach the check - in desk , hand over they passport . the stewardess blushes as frost smile at she .. birt most Americans think he belong in jail . you be make he a rich man . int . heathrow airport - day - ( 1975 ) 48 birt and frost walk effortlessly through non-existent airport security , ( oh , for the 1970 's ) ... birt plus , by outbid they , you have make enemy of the network ... frost they be just jealous . birt .. who be already sounding off about cheque- book journalism . if the network be against you , syndication be always go to be a struggle . no syndication , no advance sale . ( more ) frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 21a. birt ( cont would ) no advance sale , no commercial . no commercial , no revenue .. frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 22. int . departure gate - heathrow airport - day - ( 1975 ) 49 frost and birt walk along a corridor towards they gate .. birt and - here 's the bigger question , why do it ? you do not need it . you career be in great shape . it would spread you across three continent , and jeopardize the other show . be it true Channel 9 in Australia want you to do another season of you talk show for they ? frost yes . birt and London , too ? frost yes ... but that 's London and Australia . this would be .. birt ++swhat ? they reach the queue for they plane . frost you would not understand - you be never part of the show in New York . but it 's indescribable . success in America be unlike success anywhere else . and the emptiness , when it 's go ... and the sicken think that it may never come back . there 's a restaurant in New York ... call sardi 's . ordinary mortal can not get a table . John , the place be my canteen . birt you know , I have be happier if I have hear some kind of vision you have for this interview - or anything ... suddenly a fan approach frost , hold a 10x8 picture of frost from satirical t.v. show '' that be the week that be '' day . frost sign . 50 51 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 23. birt +.. but I do not . I just hear a man do it because it would create headline or give he a place at the top table . and that 's what make I nervous . very nervous . frost and you do ' nervous 's so beautifully . fan ( mimick ) '' hello , good evening , and welcome . '' the fan go . frost stare after he ... frost you know , I do not actually say that . frost and birt show they board card to a stewardess , and enter the plane . ext . runway - day - ( 1975 ) 50 the 747 carry frost and birt roar along the runway , and take off , climb into the air .. int . 747 . day ~ ( 1975 ) 51 mid-flight . birt be asleep . frost read the Financial Times , smoking a large cigar . a stewardess arrive with a bottle of champagne . fill frost 's glass . frost look across the aisle to see the attractive dark - haire woman read . her champagne glass be untouched ... he think for a moment , then .. frost ( cont have ) you do not like champagne ? caroline not on aeroplane . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 24 . frost yes . dehydrate one terribly . the trick be to have a glass of water on the go too . the way the viennese serve coffee , caroline I nve never be to Vienna . frost you would like it . it 's like Paris without the french . a silence . frost look over ... frost ( cont no ) good book ? she lift the cover . it 's middlemarch .. frost ( cont have ) middlemarch . they say the town in the book be base on the place I grow up . caroline which be ? frost kempston . in bedfordshire . although , the truth be , we pretty much live everywhere in we time . my father be a Minister . caroline oh really ? which party ? frost the methodist . caroline laugh . a attractive , infectious smile . frost what 's you name ? caroline caroline . frost David . 52 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 25 . caroline yes , I know , David frost . ( smile to herself ) '' hello , good even , and welcome '' caroline get to she foot , and walk off . frost 's smile fade . frost follow she up to .. int . 747 . day - ( 1975 ) 52 the bar area up . frost and caroline take seat .. caroline I hear a interview with you , recently . on the radio . you be give it from back of you roll royce . frost ( correct ) '' bentley . caroline + - on the phone ! they say you be a person who define the age we live in . frost really ? caroline you and vidal sassoon . frost 's face fall .. eee of frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 26 . caroline what make you exceptional , they say - be that you have achieve great fame without possess any discernible quality . frost how kind . caroline and that you fly around a great deal . frost it 's true . caroline why ? frost I like to keep busy . caroline why ? frost I find it more interesting than keep still . caroline why ? frost because .. there 's plenty of time for that when I '' dead . caroline what a strange thing to say . caroline look at he closely .. caroline you have sad eye . frost do i? caroline have anyone tell you that before ? frost no. frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 27 . caroline be you a sad person ? frost let 's talk a little bit about you . caroline of course , you feel more comfortable ask question . frost how right you be . why be you go to LA ? caroline it 's where my boyfriend life . frost pity . caroline with he new girlfriend . prost thing be look up . caroline I be go to pack together my belonging . and ship they back home . frost to London . caroline monte Carlo . it 's where my ex-husband life . frost turn .. frost you be complicated . caroline smile , take this as a compliment .. caroline thank you . how about you ? frost be I complicated ? frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 9/24/07 27a . caroline be you single . it 's what you be ask , be not it ? 53 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 28 , frost yes .... I be .... ( evasive ) -..technically ... I think . the captain 's voice come over the tannoy . captain this be you captain speak . you may have notice we have now begin we final descent into Los Angeles . if you could return to you seat , and fasten you seat-belt .. a stewardess tell frost and caroline to return to they seat . int . 747 - staircase - day - ( 1975 ) 53 frost and caroline come down the stair .. caroline how about you ? why be you go ? frost to meet Richard Nixon . caroline really ? they say he have the most enormous head . but the sexiest voice . where be he now ? in some dark , underground cave ? lick he wound ? frost actually no . in he rather smart beachside villa in California . caroline Richard Nixon ? in a beachside villa ? how ... incongruous . frost yes . it 's call ' casa pacifica . 's I be tell he still drive a golf buggy with the presidential crest on it . caroline how interesting . it must be hard to let some thing go . they reach they seat , where JOHN birt be waking up .. 54-57 58 59 60 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 29 . frost you can come , if you like ? caroline to meet Nixon ? frost why not ? caroline be you sure ? I would love that . ' ping 's , the fasten seat - belt sign light up .. prost my office will call you first thing in the morning ! and send a car . with a phone ! omitted 54-57 ext . casa pacifica - day - ( 1975 ) 58 a blue mercede pull up at the President 's house . secret service bodyguard keep watch outside . int . casa pacifica - day - ( 1975 ) 59 nixon look through a crack in the blind to see frost get out of he car . nixon stare at frost 's fashionable clothes . the ease of he smile . the beautiful girl on he arm . a flicker behind nixon 's eye . ext . casa pacifica - day - ( 1975 ) 60 nixon , brennan and swifty lazar emerge from the house . nixon you find it okay ? 61 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 30 . frost yes . thank you . nixon pleasure to meet you , Mr. frost . frost and you , sir. May I present caroline cush . nixon miss cush .. nixon look down . notice caroline be barefoot .. caroline the house . it 's so beautiful . and romantic . nixon would you like a little tour ? stretch you leg after the journey ? caroline oh , I have love that . caroline put on she shoe , nixon , clearly enchant , lead caroline away . frost and birt shoot a look at one another . a good start . they notice they be be watch by secret servicemen . they smile fade . int . casa pacifica - nixon's office - day - ( 1975 ) 61 nixon be show frost , birt & caroline round the house . jack brennan and swifty lazar follow .. nixon -- this be the office where brezhnev and I have we summit . brezhnev sit there , gromyko there , dobrynin there . we talk for nine hour straight . frost see frame photograph of nixon with world leader . he shoot a smile at caroline . then notice brennan be watch he . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 nixon after the meeting , as a souvenir of the visit , I remember we have a lincoln specially make . ( more ) 30a , frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 31 . nixon ( cont would ) Dark blue , cherry wood , leather . all the trimming . we get inside for the photographer . brezhnev and myself — when , next thing I know , he start the engine . birt see nixon 's desk , scattered with book , philosophy , economics , memoir . yellow - pad with note . memo . elaborately hand -written . nixon now , the first rule of political life be you never let a President get behind the wheel of a car . ever . we be not use to do anything for ourselves - let alone drive . and the Chairman , the way he put he foot down , my guess be the last thing he drive be a tractor on a ukrainian potato farm .. caroline look out of the window - see a woman in the garden , talk to groundsman . nixon 's wife . PAT nixon . nixon anyway , he drive we out , through the estate . finally we get out to a remote point on the coast out there , overlook the sea . and he turn off the engine . and we talk . for two hour straight . most politician have tragedy in they early life . I lose two brother to tuberculosis . he watch he father die from the cancer he catch in the steelwork . he be a sad man . but a noble adversary . nixon turn to face frost , birt and caroline . the tour have come full circle . nixon but I would not want to be a Russian leader . they never know when they be be tape . a awkward silence . nixon turn , look at frost .. nixon so , until March , then . I look forward to it . frost thank you , Mr. President . so do i. frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 32. nixon I nve never be challenge to a duel before . I guess that 's what this be . frost well , not really ... nixon of course , it be . I like that . nixon take frost 's hand . the grip be suddenly hard . vice - like . nixon no hold bar ... no hold bar . frost smile nervously , withdraw he hand . he be about to go , when swifty call he back .. swifty oh , Mr. frost ? before you go ..? there be still the small matter of the .. swifty gesture , miming signing a cheque .. frost of course . I do beg you pardon . he get out he cheque-book , start write ... frost two hundred thousand dollar ... nixon notice something in frost 's demeanor . nixon I do hope that be not come out of you own pocket . a nervous smile .. frost believe I , Sir , I wish my pocket be that deep . ochange subject ) make out in the name of ..? swifty ( correct ) ' Irving Paul lazar . 's fprost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 32a . nixon ' Richard M. Nixon 's . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 33. nixon take the cheque ... swifty will you give I the cheque , Sir ? nixon what be you talk about ? the cheque be for I .. swifty I know . but I be you agent . from nixon 's uncomprehend look .. swifty believe I , this be the customary procedure . nixon but it make no sense .... I could just deposit it ... take it to the bank ... swifty Mr. President , I will take care of it . nixon but..but .. swifty will you give it to I - please ! swifty prize the cheque from a reluctant nixon . nixon , for a moment , lock quite forlorn .. 61a ext . courtyard - casa pacifica - day 61a nixon lead frost , caroline , birt et al out of the house ... nixon well , goodbye . ( shaking hand ) Mr. frost. Ms. cush . nixon notice caroline have a camera .. nixon would you like to take a photograph ? caroline yes , I would like that very much . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 34 . nixon beckon manolo then he , frost and caroline all pose for a photo . ' flash 's , the camera pop . nixon there . you can put that in you apartment in New York and all you liberal friend can use it as a dartboard . caroline actually , I be live in monte Carlo at the moment . nixon really ? she exit . nixon watch caroline go , then take frost aside ... nixon take my advice . you should marry that woman . frost yes . Lovely , be not she ? nixon more important than that - she come from monacec . they pay no tax there . nixon smile .. nixon good bye . frost Goodbye .. nixon and brennan watch as frost , caroline , birt walk off . the president wave . then , after a beat .. nixon I betcha it do . brennan what ? nixon come out of he own pocket . y’know , he could not look I in the eye . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) — 8/24/07 35 . brennan I hear none of the network be bite . without the network , the ad agency do not want to know . if you ask I , there 's a good chance this whole thing will never happen . nixon really ? so that meeting we just have - might have cost he two hundred thousand dollar ? brennan correct . nixon have I know that , I might have offer he a cup of tea . brennan laugh . they watch frost reach he car . nixon do you notice he shoe ? brennan no . nixon italian . no lace . what do you think ? my people try to get I to wear a pair like that . brennan I think a man 's shoe should have lace , sir. nixon you do ? brennan yes , I do . personally , I find that italian shoe quite effeminate . nixon clear he throat . a little disappointed . he have clearly like the shoe . nixon quite right . nixon turn and walk back to the house .. 61b 62 63 64 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 36 . int . NBC office - day 61b a network chief sit behind he desk .. network chief why would a american Network hire a total outsider ? someone who 's already have he own show cancel , incidentally . .? int . lax airport - day 62 frost listen on a pay-phone . his smile fade .. frost I see . well , I be sorry you feel that way . obviously I think you be make a terrible mistake . frost hang up . frost NBC . that 's the network out . all of they . birt oh , dear . well , that 's the end of that , then . I be sorry , David . frost not so fast . frost have a glint in he eye . already form a idea . frost where 's you adventurer ' 's spirit ? omitted 63 int . HOTEL - new york - day - ( 1976 ) 64 the Plaza Hotel . fifth Ave , New York . frost swivel on a chair , smoking a cigar ... frost ( 0.s. ) +»» the idea be we pay for the programme and syndicate it ourselves . completely by-pass the network ... 65 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 37 . int . HOTEL - new york - day - ( 1976 ) 65 frost be on the telephone , speak to he creditor in London . . frost never be do before . historic stuff . birt enter , and signal frost should wrap up . there be two men stand in the doorway . frost wrap up he call . frost +».0 for course I would match any contribution you make . dollar for dollar . it 's make for you this one , Jimmy . have a think , and call I back . hang up . birt David , I would like you to meet Jim reston and Bob Zelnick . we two prospective cornerman . frost delighted to meet you .. bob zelnick , dark haire , genial , early 40' ... birt Bob have be Washington correspondent for Public Radio for the past ten year . be move to ABC in the New Year . zelnick the general view be that I have be waste my matinee - idol look on radio . jim reston , whippet - thin , beady - eye . a complex , feisty persona .. birt Jim teach at the University of North Carolina , and be work on a book about the corruption , criminal dishonesty , paranoia and abuse of power of Richard Nixon . ( more ) frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 37a . birt ( cont would ) ( a beat ) his second on the subject . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 38. reston fourth . frost delighted to have you both aboard . frost shake zelnick 's hand . but before reston shake , he clear he throat . a awkward moment .. reston actually , before I sign on , I would like to hear what you be hope to achieve with this interview . frost stop . a incredulous smile .. frost what I want to achieve ? frost exchange look with JOHN birt .. frost Jim , I nve secure 12 taping day , close to thirty hour with the most compelling and controversial politician of we time . be not that enough ? reston not for I . I no be give up a year of my life - leave my family - to work on a subject matter that mean more than you can probably imagine . and the idea of do all that without achieve what I want to personally - would be unthinkable to I .. frost what be it that you want to achieve ? reston I would like to give Richard Nixon the trial he never have . prost well ...of course we will be ask difficult question . 65 a frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 reston '' difficult question '' ? the man lose fifteen thousand Americans and a million indo - chinese during he administration . he only escape jail because of Ford 's pardon .. frost yes , but equally , go after he in some knee - jerk way , assume he 's a terrible guy .. would not that only create more sympathy than anything else ? reston right now , I submit it 's impossible to feel anything close to sympathy for Richard Nixon . he devalue the presidency and leave the country that elect he in trauma . the american people need a conviction . pure and simple . the integrity of we political system , of democracy as a idea entirely depend on it . and if in year to come people look back and say it be in this interview that Richard wixon exonerate himself , that would be the worst crime of all . do you know that Mike wallace be do a piece on this , and that in the bar around Capitol Hill and georgetown this entire project be a joke ? a stunne silence . then .. frost well , thank you for that Jim . would you give we a couple of minute ? zelnick look , ' I too ? 's reston and zelnick go . int . corridor outside -— day reston and zelnick walk out . zelnick hiss .. zelnick what be you do ? I go out on a limb for you . keep that pinko shit to yourself . some of we actually want this job . 39 . 65a 65b frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 40 . reston I do , too . but only if it 's do right . Little Lord fauntleroy in there - '' Sympathy for Richard Nixon ? '' int . HOTEL - new york - same time 65 B leave frost and birt alone . frost be Mike wallace do a piece on this ? birt apparently . frost why do not you tell I ? birt it be not relevant . frost what 's the angle ? '' british talk show host . good with actress . not so good with stonewall president ? '' birt that 's the general idea . frost right . well , it 's hard not to feel a little insulted by that . frost put on he jacket , then .. frost Bob 's obviously a pro . but what be we go to do about reston ? birt the man 's a idiot . over -emotional . send he home . frost well , I think he should stay . birt what ? frost I like he .... passion . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 40a. birt he will drive we all bloody mad . 66 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 41. frost maybe . but sometimes be out of you comfort zone be a good thing . I be tell . ' pop , frost open a bottle of champagne .. frost ask they back in . birt bring zelnick and reston back in . frost pour champagne into glass .. frost to the trial of Richard Nixon ! reston conviction . zelnick close he eye . frost very well . the conviction of Richard Nixon . frost raise he glass . people clink uncertainly . int . houston - HOTEL - night - ( 1976 ) 66 the ballroom of a five star hotel in Houston . a sign outside tell we this be a convention of Texas orthodontist . nixon in dinner - jacket and tie , speak on the after-dinner circuit , perspire heavily , ( and clearly hat every moment of it ) .. nixon »sanyway , I take my seat next to Mrs. mao at the banquet table . one of the challenge of life as a President be the endless round of cocktail party ... social engagement , banquet ... people who know I would tell you that small talk be not one of my strong suit ... particularly not in mandarin ... so , Mrs. mao and I ....we just .. well , stare at one another . ( more ) 67 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 42 , nixon ( cont would ) across the table , Mrs , Nixon and Chairman mao himself ... they stare at one another too ... further down , Dr. kissinger and they foreign minister ... they be stare at one ... well , you be get the picture now . anyway this particular dinner , I do not remember exactly the day in the chinese Communist calender we be celebrate , some uprising in some mongolian agricultural collective ... int . HOTEL - corridor - night - ( 1976 ) 67 ' crash 's , nixon and brennan and two secret servicemen burst through swing door , walk down a corridor backstage . nixon be in a fury . suddenly dark and frightening . nixon I can not stand it , Jack ! reduce the presidency to a series of banal anecdote .. I feel like a circus animal . do trick ! and I think I make it clear , I do not want to take any question on watergate . goddammit ! as soon as it come to question time , all that sonsofbitch ever want to hear about be watergate ! it 's as if all my other achievement have cease to exist . brennan well , you be go to get you chance to talk about they sooner than you think . nixon how ? nixon stop . brennan frost get there . he get the money . nixon what ? brennan I hear most of it 's borrow - that friend have bail he out , but the point be we start taping end of March . 68 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 43. nixon really ?!? nixon 's anger dissipate . his face wreathe in smile .. nixon that 's terrific . how much time be devote to watergate . .? they walk through door , and into .. int . HOTEL kitchen - night - ( 1976 ) 68 the hotel kitchen . cook stop and stare . nixon be be show the secure , back way out of the hotel and to the car park . brennan +« - 25 % . just one of four ninety - minute show . nixon the other three be divide into ..? brennan foreign policy , domestic affair and Nixon the man .. nixon stop .. nixon '' Nixon the man ? '' as oppose to what ? '' Nixon the horse ? '' brennan I imagine .... it 's some kind of biographical piece , sir. nixon ( shudder ) I can see it now . the deprive childhood . the father that beat I . the brother that die , leave I consume with '' survivor guilt '' , spare I . still , the fact it 's come together be a good thing , no ? brennan Mr. President , it 's fantastic . frost be just not in you intellectual class . ( more ) frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 brennan ( cont would ) you will be able to dictate term . rebuild you reputation . if you ask I ... 43a . 69 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 44 . nixon what ? ext . car park - HOTEL - night - ( 1976 ) 69 nixon and brennan walk out into the car park . secret servicemen make sure the area be secure .. brennan if this go well , Sir , if enough people see it and revise they opinion - you could move back East . Way , way earlier than we would expect . nixon you think ? brennan I '' certain , nixon oh , Jack ... I like San clemente , make no mistake . it 's a beautiful place . but it would be good to get back to where the action be . the hunger in my belly be still there . nixon visibly get excited , then tail off as they approach the car .. nixon guess it all boil down to watergate , huh ? brennan nothing to worry about . it 's not as if there will be any revelation . that stuff have be comb over a million time by journalist and congressman . and still no one 's pin anything on you . nixon still , it 's be a while since I speak about it on record . I would better start do my homework . it have be good to know he strategy . where 's he stay ? brennan at the beverly Hilton . 70 71 72 prost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 45 , nixon the beverly Hilton , you say ? nixon rummages in he pocket .. nixon I have get the number somewhere of a few fella we could send in . cuban . with CIA training .. nixon look up . see brennan 's horrify expression .. nixon Jesus , Jack . it be a joke ! brennan stare , then smile in relief . they climb into the car , which drive off , accompany by police outrider . int . lwi office - day - ( 1982 ) 70 JOHN birt speak to the documentary crew .. birt as it happen , we take the whole question of security very seriously . int . the beverly hilton - day - ( 1976 ) 71 birt , reston and zelnick all sign form .. birt ( v.0 . ) we have strict confidentiality clause for everyone involved . int . the beverly hilton - day - ( 1976 ) 72 birt hand a box cof research file to a hotel employee who put they in the hotel safe .. birt ( v.0 . ) from day one we keep a lock safe for all we file . 73 74 75 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 46 . int . restaurant - day - ( 1976 ) various shot : reston , zelnick , birt and frost sit in a restaurant over a period of many week , work on the interview , papers strewn all over the table .. birt ( v.o. ) since the ex- President 's name attract attention we would refer in telex to ' the subject 's , and in restaurant Nixon would become William Holden or charlton heston . int . university library - day - ( 1982 ) reston take over the story ... reston as for the work ? over the month we divide it into three section . int . the beverly hilton - day - ( 1976 ) birt , zelnick and reston , shirtsleeve and styrofoam , be strategize . a television play in the corner .. birt +»-okay , how be we go to kick this off ..? what should the first question be ? reston ( v.0 . ) birt take Vietnam . Bob take foreign and domestic policy . I get watergate and the abuse of power . and David ? we never really see much of David . zelnick the first question should be a loosener . say what a tough time it 's be . Express concern for Mrs. Nixon after she stroke . for the President after he phlebitis . and ask what kind of life he 's establish for himself in retirement . 73 74 75 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 46a . birt and the deafen ' click 's you all hear , Bob , will be forty million Americans switch off they tv 's . 76 77 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 suddenly the television play break news : a second assassination attempt on gerald ford ... reston ( watch tv ) ouch ! take that for pardon Nixon ! int . ABC studio - day ( 1982 ) bob zelnick take up the story ... zelnick perhaps because I be the eldest , or because I have the darkest hair , I get to play Nixon in we rehearsals . int . HOTEL suite - the beverly hilton - day - ( 1977 ) 47 . 76 77 reston , zelnick and birt sit in a room strewn with papers , file , research material . zelnick sit to one side .. zelnick ( v.0 . ) the fella would throw question at I , and , base on year of watch and write about the President , I would anticipate what he line would be .. birt on the White House taping system ? zelnick ( as nixon ) our be not the first administration to use taping system . lyndon Johnson 's White House have they . so do Kennedy 's .. reston on the alleged abuse of power ..? zelnick ( as nixon ) let I tell you , other administration be up to far worse .. birt the illicit bombing of Cambodia .. frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 48 , zelnick ( as nixon ) done with the secret approval and support of the Prince of Cambodia against a hostile force that have invade he country .. birt and just for fun . Jack Kennedy . zelnick 's face darken , ( as nixon ) .. zelnick ( as nixon ) that man screw anything that move , fix election and take we into Vietnam ! and the american people love he for it ! while I work round the clock in they service , and they hate I ! look , now I be sweat ! dammit ! and Kennedy 's so goddam handsome ! and blue -ey ! woman all over he !! the door open . frost and caroline walk in . frost be dress in tux pants . jacket and bow-tie in hand . caroline hold a newspaper . frost finally ! a friend in the american Press ! frost indicate to caroline , who read from the paper .. caroline Jack Anderson in the Washington Post . '' if Richard Nixon be expect a easy ride in the up - come interview with David frost , it appear he might have make a mistake . frost have hire a team of '' crack investigator '' with the aim of force he into admission he have hitherto be unwilling to make . birt " crack investigator ? '' reston can I be ' crack one 's ? zelnick ( eye widen ) can I be ' deep crack 's ? frost / nixon ( yellow revsi - 8/24/07 48a. everyone laugh . the phone ring . birt pick it up . reston approach frost - take he to one side . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 49 , reston David , research my last book , I be pretty certain Nixon have a meeting with Charles colson , he darkest henchman , sometime before June 23rd , but I never know the exact date , so could not find the transcript . but if you give I a week back in the Federal courthouse library . frost a week ? goodness , Jim . we could not afford to lose you for that long .. reston if we be go to nail he in this interview , we be gonna need to ambush he . take he by surprise . frost ( pat reston 's back ) De not worry . we will get he anyway . birt catch frost 's eye , cover the phone .. birt Jack brennan . he sound a little emotional . frost walk next door , ( follow by caroline ) , and pick up the phone .. frost Jack ! brennan pace angrily in he San clemente office . ( we intercut between the two location ) . brennan watergate . frost yes , Jack . brennan we lawyer want to agree on a definition of the word . frost I believe it 's a large hotel and office complex in Washington , Jack . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 50 . brennan you know what I mean . for the interview . we want to propose that '' watergate '' be a umbrella term for everything negative . frost walk out onto the balcony .... frost what .. so all the other domestic charge against he .. the brooking Institute , the plumber unit , the enemy list .. you be say that all go into ' watergate 's ? brennan correct . frost that 's absurd . and a clear breach of the term of we agreement . brennan okay , how would you define watergate ? frost that it cover just that . the watergate break - in of June 17th and the subsequent cover - up and investigation . brennan Fine , in which case the deal be off . frost Fine - in which case you can expect a lawsuit for something in excess of $ 20 million in damage and lose earning . brennan the term of the contract stipulate quite clearly that watergate take up no more than 25 % of the time ! frost yes - but nowhere do it say that for the rest of the 75 % he get to drine on and sound presidential . brennan almost choke .. frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 soa . brennan '' drone on ? '' Jesus Christ ! where 's you respect ? remember who you be talk about . you media people , you be so goddamm smug and self- righteous . you know as well as I do , that sixty per cent of what Nixon do in office be right , and thirty per cent might have end up wrong , but he think it be right at the time . frost that still leave ten percent where he be do the wrong thing , and know it . brennan I guarantee you , if you screw we on the sixty per cent , I be go to ruin you if it take the rest of my life . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 51 . frost hang up , visibly rattle . thrown . then walk into the room , pick up he tux jacket on a chair .. frost how do I look ? caroline Fine , David . Fine . frost and caroline go . reston why the monkey suit ? birt David have a film premier he need to attend , reston what ? the night before we start taping ? what 's the movie ? birt ' the slipper and the Rose '. zelnick the cinderella movie ? birt David be the executive producer ! zelnick the one with Richard Chamberlain sing '' ding , diddy , ding ding ? '' reston you do not think it might be a idea for we interviewer to be rest and focus on the job in hand ? birt do not worry . David be a performer of the high calibre who have be in pressure situation many time before . come the hour , he ’1ll be fine . birt exit . reston turn to zelnick .. 78 79 80 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 52. reston do he say .. '' performer " ? zelnick yes. reston that be the word he use ? zelnick yes . he say '' performer '' . reston not ' journalist 's ? or ' interviewer 's ? zelnick no , he say ' performer 's . reston out of interest ... where be you at this moment . psychically ? zelnick I be imagine the dust , the darkness , the agony and the unimaginable loneliness of the wilderness I be about to be despatch to by my Washington political colleague . ext . cineramadome - street ~ night - ( 1977 ) 78 frost 's limousine arrive outside a cinema , with scream crowd wait . frost and caroline step out and into a explosion of photographer ' flashbulb and reporter question .. omitted 73 int . casa pacifica - nixon ‘s office - night - ( 1977 ) 80 nixon sit in ' casa pacifica 's , in he study , prepare for the interview with he team of ken khachigian , ray price , frank gannon and diane sawyer .. khachigian -- any opportunity you get , go right to foreign policy , right to mao , right to kruschev . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 52a . gannon just go right ! frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 53. a knock at the door . brennan burst in .. brennan Sir ? something I think you should see . brennan turn on the tv . on tv : frost and caroline at the premier , in the flashlight . frost smile , wave at camera . a reporter call out .. reporter ( on tv ) some people in the media have suggest you nre not the right man for the job . that you will be too soft on the President . what will you do if he stonewall you ? frost ( on tv ) I shall say so . again and again .. but I should say now , I be not expect he approach to be to stonewall . I be hope it will that of a cascade of candor , reporter ( on tv ) '' br cascade of candor '' ? from Richard Nixon ? you think that 's what you ' 1l get ? frost ( on tv ) no . it be just a phrase I think might appeal to you . nixon watch the tv . stare at frost .. nixon strange fellow . gannon start life as a comic , y‘know . nixon that right ? sawyer almost marry diahann Carroll . nixon who ? gannon the singer . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 53a . nixon be not she black ? 81 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 54 , gannon opatte file ) all in the file which we put together as part of we general preparation . gannon indicate a file on the desk . nixon stare , then .. nixon c'mon . let 's get back to work . brennan kill the tv . ' zap ' , frost vanish . fade to black : int . the beverly hilton ~ lobby - the following morning 81 reston , zelnick and birt be milling around . in silence . dress in suit . clutch file . pace nervously . ' ping’ , elevator door open . frost arrive with caroline , frost kiss she goodbye , then caroline go . frost turn to he colleague ... frost shall we ? but zelnick , birt and reston be craning neck , watch caroline go .. frost gentlemen . .? they walk out to they car . frost and for the record , I be go to be start with John 's idea - '' why do not you burn the tape ? '' zelnick no , please God , no . that would be a disaster and open up the whole watergate thing way ahead of we agree time . what 's the point of have contractually set specific time to deal with certain subject if we go and break it with the first question ? frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 54a. birt because this be war , be not it ? glove off . 82 83 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) ~ 8/24/07 55 . frost I like it . it 's ...‘ ballsy '. birt strategically , it ' 1ll give we the upper hand . frost and birt get into the front of the car . reston and zelnick shoot a look at one another . get into the back . ext . casa pacifica ~ san clemente ~ day - ( 1977 ) 82 secret servicemen wait patiently . a series of car with darken window . the President 's motorcade . engine run . gannon , sawyer , khachigian and brennan all climb into car . finally , nixon , dress in a dark , blue suit , emerge from casa pacifica , and walk towards the wait motorcade . he be about to climb into he car , when a voice call out .. PAT nixon wait ! Dick ? nixon turn to see he wife , PAT nixon come up the path towards he . she come up close . they eye meet . a intensity in she lock . in she hand , a white handkerchief . she put the handkerchief in he top pocket . another look between they . she straighten he lapel . then she turn around , and walk back into the house . ext . smith house - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 83 frost 's car pull up outside the location . large truck be park outside . technician carry light , catering , generator , cable . frost be immediately besiege by photographer and tv crews that have gather outside . ( reston and zelnick go into the house ) . suddenly a ripple of excitement from outside . shout of " he 's here ! " , as nixon 's motorcade sweep into the street . Black sedan . darken window . 84 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 56 . Doors open . secret service get out . ear-piece . walkie - talky . gun in holster . it 's a impressive , intimidating entrance . finally , a car door open and a pair of classic black shoe , ( with lace ) , hit the tarmac . nixon get out of he car , be greet by frost . they shake hand . int . smith house - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 84 watch from inside the house : reston stare . see nixon in person for the first time . reston ¥’know , I have write four book about he , but this be the first time I have actually see he in the flesh . reston stare as if mesmerize at nixon as he pose for photographer , and walk towards the house .. reston he 's taller than I imagine . and tan .. zelnick you go to shake he hand ? reston you kid I ? after everything that prick 's do to this country ..? frost and nixon walk into the house , follow by nixon 's entourage . frost turn to face reston .. frost May I present Jim reston , one of my researcher , nixon pleasure to meet you , Mr. reston . nixon extend he hand . reston stare , then inexplicably , he hand slowly , involuntarily rise up .. reston Mr. President . reston and nixon 's hand shake . nixon and he retinue move on . reston stare in shock . zelnick come up to he .. 85 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 57 . zelnick that be devastating . withering . you know , I doubt he will ever get over that . reston fuck off . zelnick , reston and birt smile , then walk towards the frost team ‘observation room 's , ( a bedroom now fill with tv monitor relaying the footage from the set ) . they be about to disappear inside , when they look up to see they opposite number : brennan , khachigian , sawyer and gannon enter they ' observation room 's . the two team stop and stare at one another . eyeball to eyeball . then go in . int . studio - monarch BAY - day ~- ( 1977 ) 85 frost and nixon remain on set , under studio light , as hair , make - up and SOUND technician make final adjustment .. frost before we start , I just want to say how delighted we all be by Mrs. Nixon 's recovery . manolo sanchez bring nixon a cup of tea on the presidential China ... nixon well , thank you . it 's true , she 's much better now , and be get round to the business of replying to all the card . have a guess how many she receive ? from frost 's blank look .. nixon a hundred thousand . frost goodness . nixon mostly from schoolchild . be not that interesting ? ( a beat ) ( more ) frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 nixon ( cont would ) and from we point of view - I would just like to say how pleased we be you get this all together . frost thank you . nixon I understand it 's be quite a struggle . frost well ... i... nixon how much have it cost ? do you mind I ask ? c'mon . between we . frost very well ... two million . nixon two million ? I do not realize we be make Ben hur , but you have raise it all now ? frost not quite . but get there . everyone have be kind . and defer fee . nixon not quite everyone . nixon smile icily . then take out a handkerchief ... nixon I would like to put a handkerchief here , if I may . be that out of shot ? contractually .. I think .. we make a provision that during each question I might dab my upper lip . which you will not show when you cut it together .. a beat . nixon you be probably aware of my history with perspiration . frost if you nre refer to the tv debate with Jack Kennedy in 1960 ? 58 . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 nixon they say that moisture on my upper lip cost I the presidency . people who listen on the radio think I have win . Television and the close -up . so now they insist I bring my handkerchief and that I have my eyebrow trim . a silence .. nixon do you trim yours ? frost no . nixon of course not . you be light skinned and have blue eye . and have no problem with perspiration , I imagine ? frost not that I be aware . nixon you be obviously bear to be on the tube . a make - up lady give nixon final touch .. director sixty second everyone .. nixon clear he throat . he look down . then .. nixon that shoe . they be italian , be not they ? frost my shoe ..? I believe so . nixon interesting . a beat .. nixon you do not find they too effeminate ? frost no . 59 , 86 87 88 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 60 . nixon I suppose someone in you ..ah.. field can get away with they . nixon stare at they enviously , as davis , the studio manager call out .. davis five , four , three .. nixon and frost focus in anticipation , two athlete wait for the gun , then davis cue prost ..’ go ! 's frost Mr. President , we be go to be cover a lot of subject in a great deal of detail over the course of this interview , but I would like to begin completely out of context , by ask you one question , more than any other , almost every american and people all over the world want I to ask : '' why do not you burn the tape ? '' nixon stiffen , as if he have receive a electric shock . int . nixon team observation room — day - ( 1977 ) 86 brennan look up . under he breath .. brennan sonofabitch .. int . frost team observation room - day - ( 1977 ) 87 zelnick stare anxiously at the tv monitor which have a close - up of nixon 's face . zelnick {under he breath ) god-damm - it .. int . set - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 88 nixon perceptibly flinch . stare at frost . then , a barely perceptible flicker behind he eye .. frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) — 8/24/07 él . nixon Mr. frost , I be surprised by you question , since we have a agreement , a contractual agreement , I believe , that we would cover watergate in we last taping session . but if you '' viewer '' really do have a '' major concern '' , then perhaps I should briefly respond to it now .. nixon cross he leg . sit back . nixon what probably very few people realize be that the taping system in the White House be set up by my predecessor President Johnson - partly to avoid the necessity of have a secretary in every meeting , and partly to ensure there be a record keep of every verbal agreement - no matter how off - the-cuff or casual . initially , on come into the White House , I insisted on dismantle the system .. 89 int . brennan 's office - san clemente - day - ( 1982 ) 89 jack brennan smile in satisfaction .. brennan in box , there 's always that moment , you see it in challenger 's face . the instant they feel the power of the champ 's first jab . a sicken moment , when they realize all the pep-talk , and the hype and the month of psyching themselves up have be delusional all along . you could see it in frost 's face . if he have not know the calibre of the man he be up against before the interview start , he know it half way through that first answer .. 90 int . set - monarch BAY ~ day 90 frost 's face : stare at nixon . visibly shake . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 62. nixon «+ I have not like the idea at all but President Johnson have repeatedly say how crazy it would be to remove the system which he feel be the best way to preserve for history important White House transaction ... 91 int . frost team observation room - day - ( 1977 ) 91 zelnick 's heart sink , watch the monitor .. zelnick so much for we '' ballsy '' open .. nixon ( on tv ) you see , since the best advice be almost always of the confidential variety , now the tape have be make public , people be unlikely ever to feel comfortable speak in confidence at the White House .. they be less likely to offer that advice so in the end it 's the whole political system .. and by implication the country that suffer ... reston c'mon , David , shut he up ! Change the line of attack ! miraculously , as if frost have hear he ... frost ( on monitor ) so when do you actually decide , at what moment do you know you be go to resign ? birt good . 92-93 omitted 92-93 94 int . tv set - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 94 nixon deal with it effortlessly ... nixon oh , I remember exactly . it be July 23rd . ( more ) frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 63. nixon ( cont would ) after it be clear the Southern Democrats that be still against impeachment have the screw put on they by the speaker of the House . that night I say to Al haig , '' that 's it . there go the presidency . '' of course , be Al , he try to talk I out of it ... 95 int . frost team observation room - same time - ( 1977 ) 95 nixon continue talk about gerald ford . reston turn to birt , a implore look .. reston John , do something ! this be desperate . twenty - three minute on the first question ?? birt ok . let 's 's take a break . let 's change the tape .. birt get up and walk out into the set .. 96 int . tv set - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 96 birt walk out and call for a break . light come up . nixon get up from he chair , and be immediately fuss over by hair and make -up . birt take frost aside .. birt what be you do , David ? you have get to stop he rambling . frost it 's all right - this be just introductory exchange . birt but this session only last two hour - nearly half of it 's go . and you be waste valuable material . the moment he make the decision to resign . we should be scoring point with that .. frost you want I to switch to Vietnam ? 97 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) ~ 8/24/07 64 . birt no !! you have get to get something out of that resignation night . that be Nixon at he lowest point . a total wreck . on he knee ? pray with kissinger ? come on . you can nail he with that stuff . meanwhile : in the other corner , nixon be with brennan , gannon , khachigian and diane sawyer .. nixon be that okay ? gannon the best start imaginable . nixon I do not sound arrogant , or self - serve ? brennan not at all . you sound control , even-handed , statesman -like . continue exactly the same way . Long answer . Control the space . do not let he in .. the two team go back to they observation room . frost and nixon resume they seat . int . tv set - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 97 davis , ( the studio manager ) , count down , '' five , four . . '' nixon wipe the perspiration from he face . frost drink from a glass of water . the studio manager cue david .. frost reading the account of that extraordinary final day , it seem you most emotional moment be in that heart - to- heart you have with Henry kissinger . be that perhaps the most emotional moment of you career ? nixon yes , it be perhaps as emotional a moment as I have ever have .. nixon hesitates , a dramatic pause ... frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 65 . nixon -- except , well , it 's hard to say what be the most emotional moment , because each be different . I remember the day eisenhower die .. 98 int . frost team observation room - day - ( 1977 ) 98 watch on the monitor , reston 's heart sink .. reston oh , no , do not do this .. nixon ( on tv ) and the day I walk my eldest daughter tricia down the aisle .. zelnick please , God no .. 99 int . tv set - monarch BAY - day ( 1977 ) 99 nixon continue .. nixon and the day during the impeachment hearing when Julie , my youngest , come into my office , throw she arm around I , kiss I and cry . she so seldom cry . she say , '' daddy , you be the finest man I know . 100 int . frost team observation room - day - ( 1977 ) 100 reston stare in disbelief ... reston " daddy , you be the finest man I know ? '' nixon ( on monitor ) whatever you do I will support you , just go through the fire a little longer . 101 int . nixon team observation room - day - ( 1977 ) 101 gannon and brennan smile in delight .. frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 66 . brennan this be beautiful ! int . tv set —- monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 102 frost have slump in he chair .. nixon +- and so there we be , kissinger and I , in the lincoln sit - room , sip courvoisier , and together we begin to reminisce about some of the great decision we would participate in ; China , the Soviet Union , the peace settlement in Vietnam - plus domestically , of course , huge stride have be make in racial desegregation , and he say , " Mr. President , I want you to know , it 's a crime you nre leave office , a disservice to the peace in the world that you help build , and history be go to record that you be a great President '' . then he voice break . now , I can not stand see someone cry . reston you be go to see I cry soon . nixon and so I start to cry too . but when I say ' cry 's , I do not mean sobbing or anything like that . but there we be . two grow man , who have between they , see the mountain top , and many of the great crise of they time . and I put my arm around he , and TI say .. '' let I tell you something I have never tell anyone . whenever I have have a tough decision to make I have come into this room for the purpose of praying . so if you do not mind , could we just have a moment of silent prayer ? '' so we knelt down . in front of that table where lincoln sign the emancipation proclamation ... frost look up to see davis the studio manager hover .. frost be there a problem ? frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 67 . the studio manager indicate he watch .. davis that 's time . we be over two hour . nixon really ..? so soon ? frost right.. well , Mr. President . I gather we time be up .. nixon pity . I be beginning to enjoy that .. brennan walk on set , beam .. brennan that be terrific . both of you . birt , zelnick and reston walk on . ashen -face . technician remove frost and nixon 's microphone .. nixon funny . I be expect question on Vietnam . and we no prepare for that , have not we , Jack ..? brennan nod , ' absolutely 's . frost yes , so do I .. nixon guess we just get catch up reminisc .. frost indeed .. handshakes with frost .. nixon the day after tomorrow , then ? 10.00 . frost yes , indeed . frost and nixon shake hand , then nixon and he entourage go . 103 104 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 68. ext . monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 103 nixon exit the house to a volley of photographer 's flashlight and journalist 's question . nixon smile .. int . tv set - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 104 by contrast : frost and he team remain inside . in deathly silence . frost there 's no need to say anything .. zelnick David , it be a disaster ... frost not entirely . we can use some of that kissinger stuff .. but , yes . I be disappointed too .. frost raise he hand in a defensive gesture .. frost but I wonder .. could we possibly spare the post- mortem for now ? I do not mean to minimize it , it 's just I need to get back to LA to meet some people from ' weed eater 's . frost go . zelnick turn , and stare at birt , who avoid he eye , look down at he note .. zelnick ' weed eater ? 's birt I believe that 's what he say - yes . zelnick what the hell be ' weed eater ? 's birt I believe it 's some form of ... ( make whirring noise ) ++ shorticultural mechanism . one of we sponsor . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 68a. reston ' weed eater ? 's what happen to xerox , General Motors or IBM ? frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 69 . birt I gather .... not all of the Blue chip account have come through . ( see the bright side ) but we have alpo . reston Dog food ? zelnick we have start taping . what be you say ? be we close ? John ...? birt look ... I suggest you take this matter up with David . reston be we close ? birt clear he throat .. birt I believe we be at thirty per cent . reston to go ? or thirty per cent sell ? birt look , you be really go to have to talk to .... thirty per cent sell . reston jeeee-sus . zelnick I think we be fully finance ! birt we be . but the finance be always conditional on advertising sale . and no one expect they to .... fall apart like this . zelnick what 's that base on ? reston credibility of the project . what else be advertising sale base on ? silence . birt stare at the reston and zelnick , then .. frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 70 . birt look , I understand you concern , but could I ask you to go a little easier on David in the next couple of day , bear in mind the extraordinary pressure he 's under . at the moment , he 's effectively pay for it all himself . so he 's in for a lot more here than he reputation . zelnick and we be not ? 105 ext . weed eater office - day - ( 1977 ) 105 frost 's car pull up . he dash out . leave the car park in a restrict space . frost ( v.0 . ) «.. but I think you make a firm commitment ... 106 int . weed eater office - day - ( 1977 ) 106 frost rush up a staircase . frost ( v.0 . ) I do not understand ... why this sudden change of heart ? 107 int . weed eater office - day ~ ( 1977 ) 107 frost sit alone in the wait area of modest , uninspire office . exhausted . hollow -ey . frost ( v.0 . ) well , who 's prediction be you base that on ...? 108 int . weed eater office - day - ( 1977 ) 108 frost sit with the detach , unmove execs from weed eater , and pitch the interview . it 's humiliate . they be clearly not that interested .. frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 70a . frost ( on phone ) but .. that 's just madness ! it 's Richard Nixon ! this interview will do mid 30' audience share , minimum ... 109 110 lil frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 71 . the execs be unmove . they body language say it all . int . frost's suite - the beverly hilton ~ night - ( 1977 ) 109 caroline be dress - up to go out . wait for david . she watch through a half - open door as frost be on the phone , behind a wall of cigar smoke .. frost ( on phone ) Jimmy , David ... back again like the proverbial bad penny , look - I hate to ask this of a friend ... and I know you be already in for more than I ask for .. we close on caroline 's face . her voice fade in .. caroline ( v.0 . ) it 's strange ... any normal person would just take a rest ... or just give up ... caroline stare . a flicker of sadness . then she go . the door close . frost do not notice . carry on the phone . frost ( on phone ) '' I just need you to dig a little deeper .. I be right up against it now .. int . caroline 's house - los angele - day - ( 1982 ) 110 caroline speak to the documentary crew .. caroline «.. but that would have mean admit failure . and David do not do failure . ext . smith house - day - ( 1977 ) 111 flashlight pop as frost and caroline arrive in monarch Bay . frost wave . Big smile . all confidence . all show . caroline ( v.0 . ) failure be for other people .. caroline smile , too . but we sense beginning to detach . 112 113 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 72. int . make - up - smith house - day - ( 1977 ) 112 frost sit in make -up . desperately catch up on last- minute read . behind he , JOHN birt .. birt I have a chance to review yesterday 's tape . reston and zelnick stand outside in the corridor , and be eavesdropp anxiously ... frost and . .? birt honestly ? Far too soft , David . frost go on . beat I , John . beat I with a stick ! birt I be serious , David . you have got to make it more uncomfortable for he ! sit forward ! attack more ! if he tail off , bang , jump in with another question . do not trade generalization with he . be specific . above all , do not let he give this self - serve , twenty - three minute homily . frost right . birt and keep you distance before the tape start run . he be toy with you yesterday . all that stuff about Ben hur , and struggle to raise the money . do not engage . that be mind game . never forget , you nre in there with a major operator . frost get it . int . set - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 113 frost wait on set . presently , nixon and all the President 's Men enter . nixon walk up to frost , a confident smile .. nixon ah , the Grand inquisitor . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 72a . frost smile back . warily . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 73. frost no . just you friendly neighborhood confidante . nixon and frost shake hand . be about to take they seat .. '' bang '' ~ a loud bang . one or two voice scream in shock . in a instant the President 's secret service guy rush into the room .. secret servicemen everyone ok ? nixon remain calm . and stand . the studio manager call out .. davis okay - just a lightbulb that blow . nixon smile , see frost 's alarm . nixon with all this security serviceman around , there 's no need to worry . as a President - you get use to this kind of thing . nixon and frost take they seat .. nixon pleasant evening last night ? frost ye-e . thank you . make -up and SOUND technician do they final check .. nixon do you do any fornicate ? frost ( visibly throw ) I beg you pardon ? in the observation room : birt close he eye , '' oh , no '' , davis , the studio manager , count down .. ' five , four , three ..‘ then cue frost , who struggle to gather himself .. frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) — 8/24/07 74 . frost Mr. President , you come to office promise peace , but no sooner do you get into the White House than US involvement in Vietnam deeppen - and the war be prolong with calamitous consequence . do you feel you would betrayed the people that have elect you ? nixon you know , Mr. frost , I be a even — tempere man , but nothing upset I more than when I hear blame for Vietnam be laid at my door . Vietnam be not my fault . it be my inheritance . of course , I could have ' bugge out , 's blame it on my predecessor , and pull the troops out early , and very possibly win some scandinavian peace prize into the bargain , but this be a important test of american credibility . the whole world be watch to see if we have the '' character '' to see it through . but I believe in the cause . and sometimes what you believe in be the harder path . it could be say I be the last casualty of Vietnam ... 114 int . frost team observation room - day - ( 1977 ) 114 birt lean forward .. birt .«.. Cambodia , come on David . frost ( on monitor ) «and Cambodia ? 115 int . tv set - monarch BAY - same time - ( 1977 ) 115 a flicker behind nixon 's eye .. nixon yes , and Cambodia . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 75 . frost a invasion which everyone advise you against . all the Pentagon and CIA intelligence suggest it would fail . so why do you do it ? nixon well , first of all , as a result of we incursion into Cambodia , we pick up 22,000 rifle , 15 million round of ammunition , 150,000 rocket and mortar belong to the North vietnamese , which would only otherwise have be direct onto american soldier or innocent South vietnamese civilian . now , I can not put a finger on the amount of life that save . I just know that as a result , we casualty go down and we be able to step up we withdrawal . frost but one of the principal justification you give for the incursion be the suppose existence of the '' headquarters of the entire Communist military operation in South Vietnam '' , a sort of '' bamboo Pentagon '' which prove not to exist at all . nixon now , just a minute .... frost and by send b52 's to carpet bomb a country , wiping out whole civilian area , you end up radicalize a once moderate people , unite they in anti- american sentiment , and create a monster in the khmer rouge which would lead to civil war and genocide .. 116 int . frost team - observation room - day - ( 1977 ) 116 birt speak into a walkie-talkie .. birt okay , run vt .. 117 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 76 . int . tv set - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 117 violent , distress news footage fill several monitor on the set ..of devastate cambodian village , South vietnamese soldier cling to the skid of american helicopter .. nixon watch it . but as soon as the vt tape end , he turn on frost . imperious . defiant . nixon look .. it be never US policy to kill civilian , that 's the enemy 's way . and if you be ask the question , do I regret the casualty on both side in the war ? of course , I do . I experience real difficulty at home , as you know , as a result . with the university and so forth . I attend a judicial conference in williamsburg , Virginia , late in 1970 and as I walk into the hall to make a speech a little girl , I do not think she be more than 16 , break through the line of people there , and ah ... she just spat in my face , just cover my face with spit , and she say , '' you be a murderer . '' of course I wipe the spit eff , go in and make the speech . and I be think , she be such a pretty girl , but at that moment she be so ugly , and it be the war that have make she so . I lose a great deal of sleep ever that particular incident . and the worry , the responsibility , let I tell you , it can wear you down . but whenever I have doubt , I remember the construction worker in Philadelphia who come up to I and say , '' Sir , I have only one criticism of that Cambodia thing . if you have go in earlier , you might have capture the gun that kill my boy three month ago . so , in answer to you question , do I regret go into Cambodia ? no . I wish I have go in sconer . and harder . at that , the studio manager walk on and call ' time ! ' the light come up . nixon and frost get to they foot . the two team walk onto the set . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 76a . a triumphant brennan walk on and effusively shake zelnick and birt 's hand .. 118 119 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 77 . brennan congratulation , this be terrific ! we be get some great material ..! neither birt nor zelnick can speak . they stare . hollow -ey . pale. traumatize . ext . house - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 118 nixon and he team leave to pop flashlight , big smile , good - nature banter with the newsmen .. int . frost team observation room - day - ( 1977 ) 119 by contrast , frost , birt , zelnick and reston stand in deathly silence , as technician wrap up around they .. frost better ..? birt it be . unquestionably better . prost I assume a more challenging position like you say . be more conscious of my body language . ask what I think be more penetrate question . and do not allow he to ramble quite as much .. reston but he reply be still too long . ten minute instead of twenty . and you be not scoring where you have to . frost flash with irritation .. frost can we make that ' we 's , Jim ? ' we’ be not scoring where ' we 's have to ? I think that would help .. zelnick and on Cambodia , a development of the war so morally repugnant , so utterly unjustifiable you let he go on and on.. and without be challenge , some of he justification almost sound reasonable . 119a 120 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 78 , reston right now , for a liberal american , it 's agony . it 's like watch a dead man come back to life . frost well - it 's still early day . what 's next ? birt foreign policy . frost go . zelnick oh , God . the big power stuff ? Russia ? China ? the Middle East ? birt yes . why ? zelnick ( think frost have go ) if he beat he up like that on Vietnam , what 's he go to do with he real achievement ? but frost only reach the door . and hear every word . int . university library - day - ( 1982 ) 119a reston speak to the documentary crew . reston the answer be grow by six inch . it be agony to watch . int . tv set - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 120 nixon in the interview . energize . tanned , confident and statesmanlike . frost , by contrast , be slump in he chair . hollow -ey . defeat . nixon ».ethat 's when khruschev call I , begging I to intervene ... see he and mao do not get along , and he know that the Chairman would talk to I ... no one else ... I be the only one mao trust personally ... man to man ... 121 122 123 124 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 79 . int . frost team observation room ~ day - ( 1977 ) 121 the frost team watch in depressed silence as nixon give a masterclass in geo-politics , and the benefit of diplomacy ... reston ( v.0 . ) I remember when it have come to work out the order we would be taping the session - I have always argue that we tape the foreign policy last . nixon ( on screen ) «+-- detente , as I understand it , or modern diplomacy , or political friendship , be a procedure whereby leader of the major power , have get to know one another personally over time can settle dispute diplomatically - in conversation - before reach a flashpoint ... reston my reason be simple . Nixon be always go to shine in that arena , and the last thing we want be that he take that increase confidence into the all - important abuse of power session . int . university library - day - ( 1982 ) 122 reston speak to the documentary crew .. reston which , of course , be exactly what happen . and when David try to lay a finger on he , Nixon make mincemeat of he .. omitted 123 ext . house - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 124 ' crash 's , frost , birt , reston and zelnick burst out of the house at monarch Bay , mid-argument .. frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) ~ 8/24/07 79a . zelnick what '' revolution '' , David ? you let Nixon claim this country be in a state of revolution with protestor '' bombing '' and '' assault '' police officer ? ( more ) frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 80 . zelnick ( cont would ) well , that 's not the way it look to I . all I could see be people protest peacefully and legitimately against the Vietnam War ... frost be head towards the beach .. reston by the end , the Huston plan be beginning tc sound like a rational response . frost well , I be sorry you feel this way . but I simply can not share you view . zelnick about what ? frost about any of it , frankly . I think today be a huge improvement . reston be you nut ? let I tell you how bad thing be today . after the taping finish , I overhear two crew member say .. they never vote for he when they have the chance . but if he run for office again today , he have get they support . you be make he look presidential , for chrissake . and forget the trivia ! who care whether Nixon take the White House bed to Europe when he travel ? frost I de . reston well , it 's irrelevant , and just the sort of banal anecdote that would distract at ... reston stop , tailing off . stop himself . frost what ? a silence . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 gl . frost go on . say it . a silence . frost you be go to say '' talk show host " ? reston yes . a silence . frost look , it 's useless I try to answer you point . frankly , I do not share any of you sense of pessimism or alarm and this ridiculous self - flagellation , in my view , be just ... depress ... and threaten to de-rail the whole enterprise . if there be anyone here who really have lose faith , and think we be go to fail , they better leave now , or it will infect everyone else . a silence . gull wheel above they . dive for fish . frost no one ? right. good . now I suggest instead of fester around the hotel for the next five day , we all go we separate way over Easter . but before we go .. caroline and I would like you to join we for a little celebratory dinner at Patrick terrail 's new place . frost walk back towards the house . zelnick hold he head , can not help laugh ... zelnick to celebrate what , David ? the fact the project be go down the pan ? and we be all go to be work at Burger King ? frost turn , a flash of anger .. frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) ~ 8/24/07 sla . frost it 's my birthday , Bob . I would like to celebrate my birthday with a few friend . 125 fprost / nixon ( yellow revs ) ~ 8/24/07 82. with that , frost turn and walk back to the car . over this : music fade in . the sound of festive sing . int . ma maison - night - ( 1977 ) 125 we nre in the legendary beverly Hills restaurant . in it 's heyday . a pack party . squash in a booth between two beautiful Hollywood type , like out - of - place schoolteacher , be reston and zelnick . a blur of naked flesh , as skimpily dress women walk past .. zelnick be that Hugh hefner ? reston I believe it be . with Michael York . and over there . on the piano , be that Neil diamond and sammy kahn . in another corner : the two famous entertainer pay a duet with lyric compose for the occasion ... diamond / kahn ( to the tune of '' Love and Marriage '' ) '' frost and Nixon , frost and nixon.. go together like prancer and vix .. in another corner : JOHN birt be with caroline and david ... caroline +- just put it all together , David - it 's a extraordinary accomplishment , no one else could have do that .. birt +- and the interview will always exist as a valuable resource for future generation of academic , political historian ... frost that bad ? frost 's face : a flash of vulnerability . then he look up to see two guest , and he face burst into a radiant smile .. 126 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 83. frost well , look who it be ! darling , you look wonderful ! birt and caroline can not help smile . meanwhile , the duet build to a climax .. diamond / kahn " frost and Nixon , frost and Nixon , it 's a situation that 's go to need some fixin ' . . '' we close on neil diamond 's hand ... match CUT to : int . casa pacifica - nixon 's office - day - ( 1977 ) 126 another pair of hand , dance on piano keyboard .. we're in casa pacifica . and the hand belong to nixon who play piano , the follow day . jack brennan , diane sawyer , ken khachigian and ray price clap when he finish . PAT nixon my , what a festive atmosphere . PAT nixon have enter the room . she walk with a slight limp . the men jump to they foot . PAT nixon please , do not get up . I take it from this the interview have go well ? brennan better than that , ma ’am . it 's a shutout . the President be sit on a 11 - 0 lead . PAT nixon really ? PAT nixon look over at she husband . PAT nixon well , that 's most gratify . {a polite smile ) I be so glad it 's all go accord to plan . 127 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 84. PAT nixon turn , then walk out of the room . everyone sit . expect the former President to start play again .. but nixon 's expression have darken . lose in think . int . frost 's HOTEL suite - night - ( 1977 ) 127 frost be sit in he hotel -suite . speak on the telephone . his voice be low . hushed . defeat . Broken . caroline stand in front of the mirror , get dress ... frost ( on phone ) I see . be there nothing we can do ? listen . a silence . frost ( on phone ) really ? frost 's face become ashen .. frost ( on phone ) right . well .... thanks for let I know . frost hang up . badly shake . frost it 's true . they have drop the Australian show . caroline oh , David .. frost they feel I need to ' be -evaluate my priority 's . now my producer be worried the London show will follow . I be in this for everything I nve get . and there 's still no guarantee it will ever see the light of day . what have I do ? what be I think ? why do not anyone stop I ? they should have physically stop I . caroline look at he . move . yet not sure what to do . how to help . she go to hug he , but he freeze , do not respond ... caroline look , let 's stay in tonight . I ‘'1l go down to Trader Vic 's and bring something back . Fish or steak , which ? ( more ) oh frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 caroline ( cont would ) ( a beat ) David ..? 84a , 128 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 85 . but frost be too distract to hear . caroline stare . at a loss . once again , he be unreachable . caroline I will call from the restaurant . caroline take a last look at he , and go . leave frost alone .. he continue to pace up and down restlessly . he stand in the middle of the room . visibly deflate .. it 's a intensely private moment . his face be long . his eye baggy and tired . for the first time he spirit seem break . presently , the phone ring . frost stare at it for a while . can not face it . finally he go to answer it . when he speak , it 's with a quiet , defeat voice . , frost I will have a cheeseburger . but the slurring voice at the other end do not belong to caroline . voice ( on phone ) mmm. sound good . I use to love cheeseburger . but Doctor lundgren make I give they up . switch I to cottage cheese and pineapple instead . he call they my hawaian burger . but they do not taste like burger at all . they taste like styrofoam , frost freeze . immediately recognize nixon , speak from San clemente . int . nixon be study - san clemente - night 128 nixon in he study high up in San clemente . ( we intercut between the two location as necessary ) .. nixon i...ah.. hope I be not disturbing . frost no . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 86. nixon it 's a Friday night . you..ah.. probably have someone there .. whom you be entertaining .. frost no . nixon then what be you do ? nixon be flick through a file on he desk . we notice it be full of picture of frost . nixon a handsome young fellow . a eligible young , bachelor , alone on a Friday night ? frost if you must know .. I be prepare for we final session . nixon ah , the all - important final session . frost yes . nixon ' watergate 's . nixon continue to scan the file . we see newspaper headline about frost 's early career .. nixon it 's a small consolation to I that for the next couple of day , that word will be as much of a millstone around you neck as it have be around mine . because I guess , the way you handle watergate will determine whether this interview be a success or failure . should I be nervous ? frost well , I be go to give it my best shot . nixon quite right . no hold bar . no hold bar . you know , it 's strange . ( more ) frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 87 . nixon ( cont would ) we have sit in chair opposite one another , talk for hour , it seem day on end .. and yet I have hardly get to know you . one of my people ..ah.. as part of the preparation of this interview .. do a profile of you , and I be sorry to say .. I only get around to read it tonight . there 's some interesting stuff in there . nixon 's eye take in childhood photo of frost , humble beginning ... nixon the Methodist background , modest circumstance . then off to a grand university . full of richer , posher type . what be it ? Oxford ? frost Cambridge . nixon do the snob there look down on you , too ? frost i..i.. nixon of course they do . that 's we tragedy , be not it , Mr. frost ? no matter how high we get , they still look down at we .. frost i..really ..do not know what you be talk about .. nixon yes , you do . c’mon . you know exactly . no matter how many award - or how many column inch be write about you - or how high the elect office be for I - it still be not enough , be I right ? we still feel like the little man ? the loser they tell we we be ? a hundred time . the smart - ass at college . the high -up . the well - bear . the people who 's respect we really want . really crave . and be not that why we work so hard now ? why we fight for every inch ? ( more ) frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 88 . nixon ( cont would ) scramble we way up , in undignify fashion , whatever hillock or mountain it be , why we never tire , why we find energy or motivation when any sensible person would lie down , or relax . in the file : article about frost 's failure in America . the network show be cancel ... nixon if we be honest for a minute . if we reflect privately just for a moment ... if we allow ourselves ... a glimpse into that shadowy place we call we soul , be not that why we nre here now ...? the two of we ? look for a way back ? into the sun ? into the limelight ? back onto the winner 's podium ? because we could feel it slip away ? we be head , both of we , for the dirt . the place the snob always tell we we would end up . face in the dust . humiliate all the more for have try so pitifully hard . well , to hell with that . we be not go to let that happen . either of we . we be go to show that bum , and make they choke on we continue success . we continue headline . we continue award , power and glory . we be go to make that motherfucker choke . be I right ? frost you be . except only one of we can win . nixon and I shall be you fiercest adversary . I shall come at you with everything I have get . because the limelight can only shine on one of we . and for the other , it 'il be the ' wilderness 's . with nothing and no one for company , but that voice ringing in we head . a pause . nixon sway slightly ... nixon you can probably tell .. I nve have a drink . not too many . just one or two . ( more ) 129 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 89 . nixon ( cont would ) but believe I , when the time come , I all be focus and ready for battle . frost I would expect nothing less . nixon well , good night , Mr. frost . frost good night , Mr. President . nixon hang up , and disappear into the darkness . at that moment the door open and caroline enter again .. caroline with or without cheese ? she hold bag contain fast food .. caroline I bring burger . she look up , notice frost 's expression ... caroline David . .? frost be deeply shake . the blood have run from he lip . frost I have get to work . int . frost's bedroom - night 129 frost be work . his desk be cover in note . White a4 legal pad . book . transcript . file prepare by he team . various constitutional papers , the statute with regard to the obstruction of justice . frost 's eye skim across the write . Close on he pen 's nib as it circle key word . Key phrase . frost listen to tape . the President 's voice as he talk to colson , ehrlichman and haldeman . . frost pour over transcript , he pen circle key phrase , '' I do not care if they spend five year in jail .. '' 130 131 132 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 90 . frost re-write question : re-order they , number they . check against he team 's prediction of nixon 's strategy . his answer . frost grow tired : he pen circle various date . June 20th . suddenly frost 's eye come to rest on a name . charle colson . frost drink coffee . stare at the name , ' colson 's and the date , June 20th . grabbing at straw now . he check the time on he clock , then pick up the telephone and dial a number . int . reston be house - WASHINGTON - day 130 jim reston pick up the phone . he 's at home with he wife and a baby child . political poster all over the wall . peace sign with bullet hole around the finger . frost Jim ? it 's David . still in DC ? remember that hunch you have about the meeting Nixon have with Charles colson ? before June 23rd ? reston oh , yeah . I want to go back to the Federal Court House Library . frost well , I have get a date for you . June 20th . ext . the beverly hilton - two day later - dawn - ( 1977 ) 131 a taxi pull up . reston get out . carry bag and briefcase . int . the beverly hilton - frost 's bedroom - day - ( 1977 ) 132 frost be fast asleep - he desk be cover in note and writings as he continue to work . the bell to he room ring ... frost go to the door , open it . stand in the corridor outside be jim reston . frost and ..? 133 134 135 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 gl. int . casa pacifica - nixon ‘s bedroom - same time - ( 1977 ) 133 manolo sanchez lay out nixon 's clothes in the President 's bedroom . through a half - open door , we see ... nixon run on the spot . as he have do every morning of he professional life . int . lobby — the beverly hilton - day - ( 1977 ) 134 birt and zelnick be assemble in the lobby of they hotel . birt anxiously check he watch . birt it 's 8.30 . where 's David ? Bob ? have you see he today ? zelnick not yet . ' ping 's , frost , reston and caroline appear from the elevator . frost good morning . frost look at zelnick and birt .. frost C ‘mon , let 's go .. frost , reston and caroline walk off towards the car . zelnick and birt be leave stare at one another — throw . birt what 's that about ? ext . smith house - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 135 the Smith house at monarch Bay . frost 's car pull up . bang on 10.00 . as frost , reston , zelnick and birt get out of the car .. nixon 's motorcade arrive . birt check he watch .. birt it 's the first time he 's late . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 91a . Doors open . nixon get out of he car . wearing sunglass . he walk straight into the house . in silence . no eye contact with frost . no word speak . no greeting . no joke . 136 137 138 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 92. frost exchange a look with reston , then follow . the two team be leave face one another . they avert eye , and follow nixon and frost into the house in silence . int . tv set - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 136 frost and nixon walk towards one another , as technician make final adjustment ... frost Mr. President . nixon Mr. frost . the two man shake hand , then take they seat . frost well , if today 's session be anything like we phone - call , it should be explosive , nixon what phone -call ? frost the phone - call to my hotel room ? this time it 's nixon who 's throw .. davis five , four , three ... int . production truck - day - ( 1977 ) 137 the director lean forward , then .. director cue David .. int . tv set ~ monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 138 the stage manager cue frost .. frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 93. frost look back over you final year in office , do you feel you ever obstruct justice or be part of a conspiracy to cover - up or obstruct justice ? nixon gather himself . nixon no , I do not . and I be interested ... you use the term ' obstruction of justice 's . you perhaps have not read the statute with regard to the obstruction of justice . prost as it happen , I have . nixon you have , you say ? well , then you all know it do not just require a act . it require a specific , corrupt motive . and in this case I do not have a corrupt motive . what I be do be in the interest of political containment . frost be that as it may , the direct consequence of you action would have be that two convict burglar would have escape criminal prosecution . how can that not be a cover - up or obstruction of justice ? nixon I think the record show , Mr. frost , that far from obstruct justice - I be actively facilitate it . when Pat grey of the FBI call I on July 6th , I say , '' Pat , go right ahead with you investigation . '' hardly what you would call obstruct justice . frost that may be . but for two week prior to July 6th we now know , you be desperately try to contain or block the investigation . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 93a . nixon now , hang on ... frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 frost obstruction of justice be obstruction of justice - if it 's for a minute or five minute . and it 's no defence to say that you plan fail . I mean , if I try to rob a bank and fail , that 's no defence . I still try to rob that bank . nixon now , wait a minute , Mr. frost ... there be no evidence of any kind .. frost -». the reason there be no evidence be because eighteen and a half minute of the conversation with Bob haldeman from this June period have mysteriously be erase . nixon a unfortunate oversight . but Bob haldeman be a rigorous and conscientious note taker . and he note be there for all to see . frost well , we find something rather better than he note . frost produce reston n's note .. frost there 's one conversation with Charles colson in particular , which I do not think have ever be publish .. nixon have not be publish you say ? frost no , but one of my researcher find it in Washington . where it 's available to anyone who consult the record .. 139 int . frost team observation room ~ day reston take a deep breath .. reston okay , baby - here we go . 94 . 139 140 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 95 . reston indicate the tv monitor ... int . tv set - monarch BAY - day 140 nixon 's nixon oh , I just wonder if we would see it .. frost more than see it , Mr. President , you speak the actual word . face visibly jolt .. frost you have always claim you first learn of the break - in on June 23rd . but this tape , make three day earlier , clearly show that to be a falsehood . in it , you say to colson , " this whole investigation rest unless one of the seven begin to talk . that 's the problem . '' nixon what do we mean by '' one of the seven begin to talk " ? nixon be clearly rattle now . he reach for the handkerchief beside the table .. frost then move onto a conversation you have with John Dean on March 21st , the follow year , in one transcript alone , in black and white , I pick out , one , '' you could get a million dollar and you could get it in cash . I know where it could be get '' . two , '' you major guy to keep under control be hunt '' . Three , '' do not we have to handle the hunt situation ? '' four , '' get the million buck . it would seem to I that would be worthwhile . '' five , '' do not you agree that you would better get the hunt thing go ? '' six , " first you have get the hunt problem . that ought to be handle . '' Seven , '' the money can be provide . ehrlichman could provide the way to deliver it . ( more ) frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) — 8/24/07 96 . frost ( cont would ) that could be do . '' eight , '' we have no choice with hunt but the $ 120,000 , or whatever it be , right ? '' nine , '' Christ , turn over any cash we have get . '' frost look up at nixon .. frost now , it seem to I , that someone run a cover - up could not have express it more clearly than that . could they ? nixon look ! let I stop you right there . you be do something here which I be not do , and I will not do throughout this broadcast . you nre quote I out of context , out of order . frost you have always maintain that you know nothing about any of this until March 21st . but in February you personal lawyer come to Washington to start the raise of $ 219,000 of hush money to be pay to the burglar . you seriously expect we to believe you have no knowledge of that ? nixon none . I believe the money be for humanitarian purpose to help disadvantaged people with they defence , frost tt be be deliver on the top of phone booth with aliase and at airport by people with glove on . that 's not normally the way lawyer 's fee be deliver . nixon well , I have make statement to this effect before . all that be haldeman and ehrlichman 's business . I know nothing . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) — 8/24/07 97 . frost all right , if haldeman and ehrlichman be really the one responsible , when you subsequently find out about it , why do not you call the police and have they arrest ? be not that just a cover - up of another kind ? nixon be struggle for air . his face be ravage .. nixon maybe I should have do . maybe I should have call the fed into my office and say , '' here be the two man . haul they down to the dock , fingerprint they and throw they into the can '' . but I '' just not make that way . this man , haldeman and ehrlichman , I know they family . known they since they be just kid . and I have always maintain - what they be do - what we be all do be not criminal . when you be in office , you have to do a lot of thing that be not , in the strictest sense of the law , legal . but you do they because they be in the great interest of the nation . frost wait a minute ... do I hear right ? be you really say that there be certain situation where the President can decide whether it 's in the best interest of the nation and do something illegal ? nixon I be say that when the President do it , that mean its not illegal . frost i '' sorry ..? nixon that 's what I believe . but I realize no one else share that view . frost lean forward .. 141 142 143 144 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 98. frost so , in that case .... will you accept , then .... to clear the air once and for all ... that you be part of a cover - up , and you do break the law ? nixon 's face : in close - up . stare . frozen . int . frost team observation room - day ( 1977 ) 141 reston , zelnick and birt lean forward . stare at the screen . reston oh , my God . we get he ! int . nixon team observation room - day ( 1977 ) 142 brennan , gannon and khachigian lean forward . stare at the screen . brennan oh , shit ! he 's go to blow ! int . tv set - monarch BAY - day ( 1977 ) 143 nixon stare . ravaged . be about to speak , when ... brennan ok , let 's take a break there ! jack brennan walk onto the set . Calling ' time ! 's int . frost team - observation room - day - ( 1977 ) 144 birt , reston and zelnick bolt upright . horrify . zelnick what ! what 's he do ? reston what the fuck 's go on ! be that it ? birt jump to he foot , grab he file , and run out , follow by zelnick ... frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 98a . 145 int . tv set - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 145 birt run out onto the set ... frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 99 . birt what be you do ?! zelnick a break ?!? be you crazy ? frost throw he clipboard down , visibly irritate ... frost ok . Change the tape . in the middle of all this , nixon get to he foot and quietly slip off to he dress - room . brennan David , can we talk a minute ? zelnick what the hell ' 's go on , Jack ? he be about to blow and you know it ! brennan fellas ... this be a critical moment in he life .. birt we could sue you for this ! zelnick you deliberately sabotage the interview . brennan raise he hand defensively ... brennan look ... we be all in this together ... I be sure we can find a solution that work for everyone .. brennan walk out , follow nixon .. zelnick ( call after he ) what be you talk about ? what solution ? this be a interview . zelnick be take aside by frank gannon , ken khachigian and ray price . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 100 . 146 int . nixon's dressing - room - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 146 nixon 's dress - room . brennan close the door behind he . nixon pace in the shadow ... nixon what do you do ? throw in the towel , Jack ? take pity on I ? brennan I just feel .. if you be go to make some kind of ... emotional disclosure ..we should just take a moment to think it through .. sketch it out . I just want to impress upon you how crucially important this moment be ... and how many potentially devastating consequence unprepare emotional ... disclosure could have . nixon I know . but equally - to go on . and carry on deny it all ? a long pause . nixon think , wrestle with a decision .. nixon I appreciate the gesture . he shake brennan 's hand .. nixon thank you , Jack . nixon turn and walk back to .. 147 int . tv set - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 147 -- the main set . where frost be wait with birt and zelnick . reston he 's come back ! zelnick be careful , David . they might have come up with something . birt it will be fine , David . pick up where you leave off . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) ~ 8/24/07 100a . frost stare at nixon as the president reappear .. 148 149 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 101. int . production truck - day - ( 1977 ) 148 the director see frost and nixon back in they seat . director okay , everyone ! ten second .. int . tv set - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 149 frost take he seat opposite nixon . not a word be exchange . the two men stare at one another ... davis five , four , three .. the studio manager cue frost , who lean in ruthlessly close . exactly where they leave off . frost Mr. President , we be talk about the period March 21st to April 30th . about the mistake you would make and so on . I be wonder ... would you go further than mistake ? the word that seem not enough for people to understand . nixon well , what word would you express ? frost all right . since you have ask I .. frost throw down he clip-board .. frost .. there be three thing the american people would like to hear you say . one , there be probably more than mistake . there be wrongdo - yes , it might have be a crime too . secondly , I do abuse the power I have as President . and thirdly , I put the american people through two year of agony and I apologize for that . and I know how difficult it be for anyone to admit that - most of all you . but I just feel if you do not , you have regret it the rest of you life . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 101a . nixon 's face : a flicker behind the eye .. 149 a frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 102. nixon it 's true , I make mistake . horrendous one - one that be not worthy of a President . one that do not meet the standard of excellence that I always dream of as a young boy . but if you remember , it be a difficult time . I would be catch up in a '' five front war '' , against a partisan media , a partisan House of Congress , a partisan ervin Committee ... but nixon tail off , as he catch himself ... nixon but yes , I would have to admit there be time I do not fully meet that responsibility , and ... be involved in a ' cover up 's as you call it . and for all that mistake , I have a very deep regret . I still insist they be mistake of the head , not mistake of the heart ... but they be my mistake and I do not blame anyone else . I bring myself down . I give they a sword . and they stick it in ... and they twisted it with relish .. and I guess , if I would be in they position , I have have do the same .. frost and the american people ? nixon I let they down . I let down my friend . I let down the country . worst of all , I let down we system of government and the dream of all that young people that ought to get into government but now think it 's too corrupt . I let the american people down , and I have to carry that burden with I for the rest of my life . my political life be over . frost stare at nixon . unable to believe what he have just witness . int . university library - day ( 1982 ) 149 a reston speak to the documentary crew ... 150 151 152 153 154 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 103. reston the first and great sin of television be that it simplify . int . tv set - monarch BAY - same time - ( 1977 ) 150 the cameramen , harden professional one and all , stare . unable to believe what they have just see . reston ( v.0 . ) diminish . great , complex idea .. int . frost team observation room - same time - ( 1977 ) 151 birt , reston and zelnick stare at the monitor in they observation room . in silence . reston ( v.0 . ) tranches of time .. int . nixon team observation room - same time - ( 1977 ) 152 brennan , sawyer , khachigian and price stare at the monitor in they observation room . in silence . reston ( v.0 . ) Whole career .. int . production truck - same time - ( 1977 ) 153 the director , vision - mixer , editor and line producer stare at they monitor , unable to believe what they have just see . reston ( v.0 . ) become reduce to a single snapshot . int . university library - day - ( 1982 ) 154 jim reston speak to the documentary crew .. reston ( v.o. ) at first I could not understand why Bob Zelnick be quite as euphoric as he be after the interview . 155 156 157 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 104. ext . smith house - monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 155 bob zelnick shake hand with brennan and gannon . Champagne pop . cigar be hand out . reston ( v.0 . ) or why John birt feel move to strip off and rush into the ocean to celebrate . a ecstatic JOHN birt tear off he clothes as he run across the beach , and throw himself into the ocean .. reston ( v.0 . ) but that be before I understand the reductive power of the close -up . int , university library ~ day - ( 1982 ) 156 reston continue he documentary interview .. reston because David have succeed , on that final day , in get , for a fleeting moment , what no investigative journalist , no state prosecutor , nor Judiciary committee , nor political enemy have manage to get ... a television screen - full -frame - ( 1977 ) 157 nixon 's face in close - up on a television screen .. reston ( v.0 . ) Richard Nixon 's face , swollen and ravage by loneliness , self - loathing and defeat ... nixon ( on tv ) I let they down . I let down my friend . I let down the country ... reston ( v.o. ) .. fill every television screen in the country .. a quick - fire montage : of television up and down the United States of America , East and West , North and South .. 158 159 160 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 105 , reston ( v.0 . ) ++« the rest of the project and it 's failing would not only be forget . they would totally cease to exist . ext . monarch BAY - day - ( 1977 ) 158 nixon shuffles out after the interview . clearly daze , he bend down and pat a small dog belong to a neighbor , mutter ... nixon be this what you call a dachshund ? the dog walk back to he owner . nixon stare , then walk towards he limo . pull back to reveal : this moment be witness by frost , who stand by a window , lock out . in the house : celebration have break out all around he , but frost be not celebrate . his face look almost sad : humble in victory . fill with compassion . he watch as nixon get into he car , door hold open by secret servicemen .. ».. and drive away . ext . news stand - day - ( 1977 ) 159 time magazine and newsweek both carry picture of frost on they cover ... birt ( v.0 . ) the Nixon / frost interview be wildly successful . they attract the large audience for a news program in the history of american television , David make the cover of time and Newsweek mnagazine .. ext . the beverly hilton - los angele - day - ( 1977 ) 160 frost and JOHN birt arrive back at they hotel where a couple of journalist and photographer be wait , ( we recognise they as some of the same guy that give frost a hard time earlier ) .. 161 162 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 106. birt ( v.0 . ) --- and inspire half the political Press corps , as hard - bitten and unsentimental a bunch of assassin as you could wish to meet , to call he with message of contrition and congratulation . int . lwt - television studio - day - ( 1982 ) 161 JOHN birt finish off he documentary interview .. birt I believe David see the former President Nixon just one more time . before he leave for London again , he drive up to San clemente , to say goodbye . ext . casa pacifica - san clemente - day - ( 1977 ) 162 the sound of gull wheeling . frost and caroline arrive outside casa pacifica . frost carry a small parcel ... nixon approach , wear golf clothes . the two men shake hand .. nixon Mr. frost. Ms. cush . please excuse my ..ah.. golf outfit . it 's the official uniform of the retire . he smile embarrassedly .. nixon so..on you way home ? frost yes . nixon into a bright new dawn of fresh enterprise , and challenge .. frost let 's hope so . a haunt flicker behind nixon 's eye . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 107 . nixon good for you . the limelight continue to shine for one of we . a silence . nixon i..ah.. do not catch the interview as they go out . but they tell I they be a great success . I gather the «.ah .. journalist that be so positive about you be not so kind to mee . frost yes , I be sorry to see that .. nixon no condolence necessary . I have grow to expect nothing else from that son of whore .. nixon turn to caroline .. nixon forgive I , Ms. cush . I would have say '' son of bitch '' , but manolo here be a lover of dog , and hate I to defame animal . manolo sanchez arrive , immaculate as always , blazer etc . a big , enthusiastic smile .. manolo can I get anyone anything ? nixon tea ? perhaps some champagne ... David ? I have some caviar too , which the shah of Iran send I .. frost no . thank you . nixon be you sure ? it have be no trouble . frost no really . we must be .. nixon extend he hand .. frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 108. nixon well , thank you for come by . you be a worthy opponent . frost Goodbye , Mr. President . they shake hand . frost turn , be about to go , then .. frost oh , I almost forget . I bring you a present . frost hand over a box .. frost that shoe , you admire . I bring you a pair . nixon open the box . take a peek inside . gucci loafer . there 's something unexpectedly touch about it .. nixon well , thank you . I be touch . frost and caroline go .. nixon safe trip , now , frost and caroline turn and walk off . but they have not get very far , before .. nixon oh , David . one last thing . caroline indicate she 's go to go ahead and wait . frost turn , and walk back to nixon alone .. nixon that party of yours . the one I read about in the papers . tell I ... do you actually enjoy they ? frost smile , bemuse .. frost yes , of course . nixon really ? you have no idea how fortunate that make you . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 109 . a flicker behind nixon 's eye . nixon like people . and be like . that .. facility you have with people . that lightness . that charm . I do not have it . never have . make you wonder why I choose a life which hinge on be like . I be better suite to a life of think . debate . intellectual discipline . say , maybe we get it wrong . maybe you should have be the politician . and I the rigorous interviewer , frost maybe . frost be about to turn , then .. nixon do I really call you that night ? frost yes . nixon do we discuss anything important ? frost think , then ... frost cheeseburger . nixon cheeseburger ? nixon stare , as frost turn and walk into the sunset , towards he car and a wait caroline . reston ( v.0 . ) despite be bury with full honour in 1994 , Richard Nixon never again hold public office of any kind . nixon raise he arm , wave at frost as he drive off ... reston ( v.0 . ) his most last legacy be that today any political wrongdo be immediately give the suffix ..‘ gate '. 163 164 165 frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 110. ext . freeway - california - day - ( 1977 ) 163 frost and caroline drive along the Pacific coastal highway in the open-topped car back to Los Angeles . reston ( v.0 . ) as for David ? New York , London and Sydney welcome he back with open arm . he even get back he table at sardi 's . frost smile . caroline 's hair blow in the wind .. int . club - beverly hill - early evening - ( 1977 ) 164 frost and caroline walk into a fashionable club in beverly Hills . immediately drinker and diner get to they foot , applaud - surround frost , congratulate he ... reston ( v.0 . ) his photo would appear in newspaper from time to time . at one party or another . in he crowd of air-kiss politician , actor and high - flier , it be tough the tell where the politics stop and the showbiz start . caroline be leave alone . she watch frost , in he element , and smile to herself . he 's fine . she slip quietly away .. reston ( v.0 . ) maybe that be the point . maybe , in the end , there be no difference . and David understand that better than anyone . ext . casa pacifica ~- same time - ( 1977 ) 165 nixon sit outside . he look down at the shoe -box , open it , and pull out he pair of gucci loafer .. nixon look leave and right . check no one be watch . then he delicately put on the shoe , take a few step . gingerly . unsure . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 110a . but as he walk , as he try they out , from he expression , we can tell , . frost / nixon ( yellow revs ) - 8/24/07 111. he like they . it 's heartbreaking . nixon carry on walk - into he garden , towards the Ocean - into the long shadow create by the set sun .. .- and gently he silhouette begin to fade away . fade to black : the end