frozen written by Adam Green January 28 , 2009 ext . mount holliston - day 1 peace . Fresh snow glisten in the sunlight and reflect off of the giant pine tree cover the serene mountain side . it 's quiet . so quiet . hard CUT to : frozen hard CUT to : 2 ext . the chair lift - day 2 tight on a glove hand as a lever be release . tight on the cable at the top of a rickety chair lift as they kick into motion . wider as a empty chair swivel around and beneath the ass of a threesome of skier . even wider to reveal a long line of skier and snowboarders await they moment to step up to the chair . the camera find a group of three stand off to the side of the line , deck out in they winter gear . 3 ext . snow bank overlooking the chair lift - continuous 3 angle on dan WALKER ( college age , shaggy hair , hold a snowboard and a helmet in one hand ) as he study the situation . next to he stand a impatient joe lynch ( college age , goggle on he head and a face full of fresh stubble , stand on skis ) . lynch I do not see she . dan the shift change be late . just wait . parker o'neil ( college age , red hair , hold a snowboard ) sigh and stare back at the lift lane . 2 . parker be you sure about this ? dan we have be do this forever . trust I . this lady love Lynch . she always go for it . Lynch smile at parker . lynch I be cute . just then , jason ( a ski mountain employee ) approach the front of the line and excuse the employee work the chair . parker be um ... be that she ? dan shit . lynch dude . dan it 's cool , it 's cool . ( to parker ) look , all you have to do be smile real pretty and tell he - parker - what ? me? no way . this be you thing . dan parker , listen , listen . it 's so easy . all you do be tell the guy that you and you friend - lynch - girlfriend . say " girlfriend " . dan - you and you girlfriend forget you credit card and you can not pick up you lift ticket . he grab a wad of cash out of Lynch 's glove and shove it in parker 's hand . 3. dan ( cont would ) start at $ 50 . that 's what we usually give the other lady . he will take it . trust I . parker Dan , no . you do it . I feel stupid . dan you have get this . you can totally do this . lynch parker , you have so get this . dan the worst thing that happen be he say no . he will not say no . no one ever say no . parker why I ? lynch ` Cause you be a girl . dan a very beautiful girl with a very charming smile . ( then ) just ... he unzip she jacket a little bit , show some more of she body . dan ( cont would ) there . parker my charming smile ? Dan and Lynch smile back at she . she exit reluctantly towards the lift line . 4 ext . chair lift line - continuous 4 parker push she snowboard forward and move up the side of the line , pass all of the skier who be wait . she approach Jason who be now run the lift . he light a cigarette . 4. parker hey . Jason look up at she . parker ( cont would ) could I bum a smoke ? she flash a adorable but force smile and he quickly oblige with a cigarette . parker ( cont would ) thanks . he light she cigarette . parker ( cont would ) I be parker . he look around , not all that sure why a cute girl be talk to he for more than just to get a smoke . jason Jason . parker oh , cool . my brother 's name be Jason . jason ok . parker yeah , so I do not want to waste you time and bullshit you cause you seem like a wick busy guy and everything ... but .. this be gonna sound so stupid ... Jason be all ear . parker ( cont would ) my girlfriend and I drive all the way up here from Salem State , and I be sort of the dumbass who tell everyone that I could cover the lift ticket on my Mom 's credit card ... but then I leave she credit card at the gas station ... and so ... Jason totally see where this be go . 5 . jason right . parker no - but I mean , we totally have some cash and stuff . we just do not have enough to cover all 3 lift ticket , you know ? Jason exhales two lung full of smoke as the next group get onto the lift . jason how much ? parker like ... fifty ? Jason scoff and start the lift . jason I could lose my job . he look around . 5 ext . snow bank overlooking the chair lift - continuous 5 Lynch and Dan watch parker at work . lynch he 's not go for it . dan will you shut up ? he 's gonna go for it . it 's either stand there and do the job for minimal ... minimal , what be it ? lynch minimum . dan - minimum wage or do it for minimum wage plus a little bit more . Lynch sigh , then change the subject . lynch she have to come ski with we ? Dan look back at he , offended . 6 . dan you say you do not mind ? lynch I do not . I do not mind . do not mind at all . X a beat . lynch ( cont would ) I be just say , you have not do dollar pitcher at fezziwigs with R we since last semester . you never come around for Monday night football , nobody have see you at - dan a - I watch the game with you last week ! lynch for ten minute , Dan . football game be more than ten minute . m they be lot of ten minute - es , you know ? dan dude , I have a girlfriend now . I love this girl . I do not know what you ... D lynch no , no it 's fine . I be just say , the mount holliston day trip be we thing , you know ? she do not even know how to board yet . E dan she 's get better . ( then ) now I feel like a dick . you should have say something if it be a problem . lynch it 's not a problem . it 's not . forget I ever say anything . they see parker hand Jason something . he pocket it and she glide she way back to the end of the line . she look up at the guy wait on the hill and then excitedly wave . proud of herself . 7. Dan smile at Lynch . 6 ext . chair lift line - continuous 6 Lynch and Dan join parker and slowly work they way up the line . X dan good work ! see ? they always go for it . R parker I do good , right ? lynch you do great . a dan oh , so where 's my change ? parker there be not any . m dan you give he the full hundred ? parker he be not go for it at 50 . dan D so what happen to the other fifty number in between there ? like , I do not know , $ 51 or maybe even $ 75 ? parker E you give I two 50' . what be I suppose to do , ask for change ? lynch I would have ask for change . parker it 's still way cheaper than pay for ticket , right ? Dan be disappointed . lynch I would have definitely ask he for change . 8. they get up to the front of the line . Jason look at Dan and Lynch behind parker . jason ( scoff at parker ) " girlfriend " ? X parker give he a apologetic smile . the three get in front of the chair . it descend under they and scoops they off of the ground into the air . R 7 ext . chair lift - moment later 7 the threesome float high above the mountain as the chair slowly make it 's way to the top . a dan look at that . see ? all this other idiot be pay top dollar to ski . not we . all thanks to you , baby . m parker ( teasing ) oh , now I be " baby " ? you never call I pet name . dan I be just not a `pet name ' guy . D parker ( to Lynch ) he call I " parker . " E dan it 's you name . parker yeah but you be suppose to call I something affectionate , you know ? like " honey " or " sweetie " . lynch I hook up with a girl last semester that call I by my last name in bed . it be so weird . " oh , Lynch ! you hair be so soft ! do I harder , Lynch ! " it be like I be throw it to Dan over here . Dan look back to parker . 9 . dan see ? at least I do not call you " o'neil " . parker you do not touch my face enough either . X Dan laugh . lynch ( to no one imparticular ) R third wheel . parker reach across and playfully tap Lynch . parker a watch it , Lynch . lynch hey , that 's not fair . I be not dating you , you do not get to make my life suck . m parker shoot Dan a look : " oh , really ? " dan wha -? I never say that . I never say you make my life suck . ( then , force ) sweetie . D after a beat he awkwardly reach out and touch she face . nothing sweet or sensitive about it , but he 's try . parker E ( sarcastically ) aww ! lynch ( to parker ) Dan tell I you be get the hang of that board ? parker I would not say that . but last time we go I do pretty good , right ? dan you do awesome . I be tell you , the first few time be frustrating but once you get the hang of it , it 's like riding a bike . ( more ) 10 . dan ( cont would ) ( to Lynch 's skis ) be you gonna trade in that ancient thing for a board ? lynch please . snowboard be too emo for I . give it ten more year and that fad will be dead . X dan that 's what they say about rap . parker remove a cigarette and light it . R lynch mmm-mmm . smell that fresh mountain air , huh ? kind of smell like ... cancer . a parker you know what , I be so sick of pothead give I shit about smoking butt . m lynch at least pot do something for you . cigarettes be just gross . especially out in the cold . it like stick to you and then you smell like a mixture of ash tray and a old man 's use floss . D dan use floss ? where do you come up with this shit . lynch E have you ever sniff you floss ? it 's nasty . Dan and Lynch both crack up at this , huge . dan no , I have never - why would I ever sniff my floss ? why be I friend with you ? parker blow more smoke out . dan ( cont would ) gimme a drag . he take she cigarette from she . 11 . parker what time do you think we will get back ? I have about 2 week worth of chapter to read tonight . lynch oh no . she break the rule . X ( to parker ) parker you just break the first rule . parker R what ? dan no worry about the bullshit of real life . the whole point of this a be to relax and have fun . worry about school when you get home . parker but , I have not read a - m the chair suddenly stop and lurch forward slightly . the sound of the chair lift cut out . a deep silence take over quickly , like the type of silence that use to suddenly happen in school when you be take a test and the radiator that you never even notice be on would suddenly shut off . D random skier and boarder in the surround chair express they disgust for the delay . parker instinctively grab Dan 's hand . E dan it 's alright . lynch uh-oh ! be someone afraid of height ? parker no . lynch so it do not bother you when I do this ? Lynch rock the chair back and forth . parker grab hold of the safety bar . 12. parker quit it ! Dan motion to Lynch to stop . parker ( cont would ) I be not afraid of height . I just X do not like they . dan baby , in the whole history of time , only one chair have ever fall off R of a lift . parker point for call I " baby " but you just make that statistic up . a lynch yeah , statistic do not work on smoker . parker m ( nervous laughter ) oh , shut -up . Lynch turn around and yell behind he . lynch ok , what asshole couldn't get on the chair right ? D laughter echoe from the chair behind he . he yell forward . E lynch ( cont would ) come on , I pay good money to do some skiing ! dan actually , I pay good money . lynch yeah , but I be gonna pay you back so it 's like the same thing . with a lurch , the chair start move forward again and the whirring sound of the cable above they start up again . applause be hear from all of the other chair . 13. lynch ( cont would ) that's what i'm talking about ! woo ! Dan let go of parker 's hand and give she a smile . she smile back . X he playfully stick he tongue out at she and she laugh as they chair move forward exite frame . 8 ext . top of the chair lift - later 8 R the three begin to get situate with they board and skis . parker why do I have to wear a helmet ? a dan Safety first . parker but you guy do not wear they . m she look around . parker ( cont would ) I only see little kid wear they . dan D Cause they be still learn , too . come on , I be not gonna argue about this . lynch E even extreme border wear helmet . nobody make fun of they . she begrudgingly put on she helmet . she 's not happy about it . Dan and Lynch smile . dan / lynch awww . parker you be just do this to make fun of I . Dan 's laugh . 14 . dan no , I be not . I swear . you look hot in a helmet . off to the side , Lynch spot shannon ( cute , brunette , 20' ) struggle with she boot strap . she fall down on she ass . X Lynch nonchalantly maneuver over to she side . lynch need some help ? R shannon ( laugh ) do you think ? Lynch put out a hand to help she and pull she up almost a directly into he face . parker and Dan watch from afar as Lynch help she with she boot strap . he have one hand innocently on the back of she knee and he be m fasten the strap with he other . parker aww , check out Lynch . from they point of view , they watch Lynch help the girl . dan D see ? chick magnet . almost as if on cue , ryan ( a enormous dude , 20' ) stomp over and shove Lynch down into the snow . E ryan what the hell ? Lynch try to get up . lynch woah ! shit , man ! I be just try to help ! instantly , Dan move over to Lynch 's aid . parker follow slowly behind he . she 's clearly not too good on she board . shannon Ryan , what the hell ? ryan he have he hand all over you ! 15 . shannon no he do not . I can take care of myself ! she shove he back . Ryan just shake he head at she and shove off , away from the group . he wait for she down the hill a few foot . X Dan and Shannon help Lynch to he foot . shannon ( cont would ) I be so sorry about that . he can R be such a asshole sometimes . lynch I be seriously just try to help . I mean , how could I even a compete with a catch like that ? he wave to Ryan . Ryan just look away . shannon ( laugh ) m be you ok ? lynch yeah , I be fine . shannon well , thank you for you help . I be so , so sorry about that . D ( then ) I be Shannon , by the way . lynch Joe . E ryan ( call to she ) shan ! Shannon roll she eye . shannon well it be nice to meet you . she take off after Ryan . lynch ( to he friend ) I be like one second away from beat that guy 's ass . 16 . dan I know you be , man . come on . do not sweat it . lynch seriously , that guy be such a dick . X parker come on boy . we can talk about how tough you both be at the bottom . R Lynch start down the hill . dan I be tough . a parker I know you be . they push off out of frame . m 9 ext . ski trail - later 9 Dan , parker , and Lynch move down the mountain on they snow board and skis . Quick cut of Dan help parker learn . Lynch impatiently wait . D finally , parker come to a stop on she own next to Dan and he clap for she . dan E look at you ! see ? have fun ? parker be you kid ? we be totally do this every weekend . in fact , if they be open during the week I would say we should cut class , too . Lynch suddenly fly over the hill and spray both of they down with powder . lynch last one to the bottom be buy dinner ! he eat it mere second later and land on he ass . 17 . parker and Dan take off laugh while Lynch feebly try to get back on he foot . 10 int . ski lodge - early evening 10 parker get herself some hot chocolate in the distance while X Dan and Lynch pick at what 's leave of a pizza on the table in front of they . dan we gotta take a weekend trip up R North one of this day . hit up killington or okemo and really do it up right . lynch a why do not we just do it over Christmas . you and I . dan done . when I stay with my cousin out West two year ago it be like m the stuff you see in commercial . we have to take like 3 lift to get to the top and it be powder as far as you could see . lynch well , speak of good ski ... it 's be cool do the bunny hill D all day but do you think we could get one real run in before we leave tonight ? Dan feel bad . E dan dude , you do not have to stay with we . it 's totally cool if you want to go off for a few . parker be now walk back to they table behind Lynch and be pretty much right on top of they . lynch no , it 's fine . I be just say let 's step it up a notch at some point . it 's be cool watch parker fall on she ass all day but I would like to actually ski at some point . 18. parker feel horrible . parker you know , I have probably have enough for today anyway . I can just stay in the lodge if you guy want to go - X now Lynch feel horrible . lynch - no , no , no that 's not what I mean . I do not mean it like that . R parker look to Dan . parker I tell you I do not have to come . a lynch parker , I do not not want you to come . Dan try to help . m dan it be he idea that we invite you in the first place . lynch exactly . remember ? I be like " hey man , why do not parker come D with we ? " and you be like - dan - I be like , " ok that would be cool " . E parker be not buy it . she put on a smile . parker it 's ok , you guy . the last thing a girl want to do be intrude on " guy time " . I will not be offended . I have get stuff I could do anyway . ( to Dan ) actually , can I have the key ? I should check my message . 19 . dan no . no locker key . I can tell you right now that every message on there be go to be from you Mom give you more aggravation about whatever the hell . X parker laugh . parker she do not . R Dan look to Lynch . dan ready for this ? two night ago we be watch a movie and she Mom a keep call and call . ( to parker ) and what do she want ? parker laugh . m dan ( cont would ) she want to know if we want to have chicken soup or vegetable soup with Christmas dinner . Christmas dinner ! four week away , and she have to now right then and there what kind of soup we would prefer . D lynch what do you say ? you say chicken . dan E Hell yes , I say chicken , but that 's not the point . ( to parker ) the point be you can go a few more hour without hearing from annette . parker look to Lynch . parker I be sorry if I ruin ski for you today . 20 . lynch you do not ! you do not at all ! you miss the part before you walk over here when I be all like , " dude , this have be so cool ... you know ...doing ... " X parker and Dan be beam at he . he know he 's beat . lynch ( cont would ) ( frustrated ) what ? R 11 ext . front of lodge - moment later , night 11 parker , Dan , and Lynch come out of the lodge . a from they Pov the chair lift be still move but the line be empty . they start to move to the empty lift line when ... m shannon ( o.c . ) Joe ! lynch ( to he friend ) wait up . Lynch walk over to Shannon while Dan and parker move towards D the lift line . shannon hey . I just want to apologize again . E lynch oh , no big deal . he 's just lucky he do not make I mad . you know , I just look half you boyfriend 's size . shannon ex . he 's my ex-boyfriend . we be , you know , try to still be friend and everything but as you can see , that 's not really gonna work . lynch ( teasing ) no way . 21 . shannon a group of we all agree to go ski this weekend and well , whatever . it 's a whole story and - she look over at Dan and parker . X shannon ( cont would ) - I do not want to hold you up . but that be just really embarrassing . so I just want to say sorry . ( then ) R be you gonna be here next weekend ? lynch where , here ? yeah , probably , yes . a shannon cool . well , my roommate and I come like every Sunday , so maybe I will see you . lynch m that would be ... a nice time . shannon ok . see ya later . she turn and start walk away . Lynch walk away . he get a few step and then turn back D and jog after Shannon again . lynch actually , you know what ? would it be cool if I get you number or E something ? that way I will ... know how to catch up with you and stuff . shannon yeah , sure . Lynch pat he pocket . lynch shit . do not ski with my phone . it 's in the locker with everyone else 's stuff . do you have a pen ? she laugh and shake she head no . shannon do not ski with a pen . sorry . 22. lynch just shoot then . I have get a really good memory . I have only smoke pot like 500 time so I be good . Shannon get serious . X shannon you know it 's a gateway drug right ? Joe be nervous . R shannon ( cont would ) kidding . lynch whew . you ! that 's so like you ! a 12 ext . chair lift line - moment later 12 Dan and parker be in a heat debate with Jason the chair lift operator . m he put a red flag on the back of a chair that head up the mountain . dan but we give you a hundred buck and we have only get like 4 run ! D jason it 's not my decision , man . they be close early . dan E you be only open three day a week . you can not afford to close early . jason why do not you write a letter ? Lynch push himself up behind they . lynch ( to Dan ) remember " 429 " . dan what ? 23. lynch just remember " 429 " . ( to himself ) " 5022 " . " 5022 . " " 5022 . " parker ( to Jason ) X come on , just one more run . jason sorry . R dan honestly , I would slide you some more money but we give you everything we have . a lynch ( to Jason ) hey man , do you have a pen ? Jason ignore he . m jason it 's not about the money . they need to clear the mountain . we have get weather come in . there 's nothing I can do . parker what if we promise to run straight D down . like the quick run ever . dan wick fast . E Jason struggle . he sigh and look around . there be still plenty of skier come down . jason Fine . but hurry . dan parker thank you ! thank you so much ! dan we will be wick fast . like the wind ! Jason send they up the lift . he check to make sure no one be watch . 24 . 13 ext . chair lift - moment later 13 parker , Dan , and Lynch slowly move up the mountain yet again . lynch seriously . for a hundred buck X you would think he could cut we some slack . dan I know right ? they be suppose to R stay open until 10 on Sunday . whatever happen to night ski ? lynch wachusett still have night ski . a we should have go there . it 's kinda like Ward Hill but not as lame . ( then ) hey , you remember the number I tell you ? m dan " 429 " . parker good for you , Lynch . you get she number ! D dan what do he - man have to say about that ? lynch E that guy ? who care ? steroid shrink you dick . ( then ) wait , shit . what be my four number ? " 5022 " . parker , will you remember " 5022 " ? parker nope . 14 ext . chair lift line - continuous 14 Jason reach for he cigarettes . he 's all out . disappointed he toss the empty pack in the trash . 25 . a fellow employee ( rifkin ) approach . rifkin early night , huh ? jason you be not gonna hear I complain . X rifkin pendergraft want you to stop by the office . something about next weekend 's schedule . R jason I be not work next weekend . rifkin give he a look . " that 's what you think . " a jason ( cont would ) oh , come on . it 's my brother 's bachelor party . I put in for it two month ago . m rifkin go talk to the boss . he 's get ready to leave . jason I be the best man ! ( under he breath ) shit . D rifkin take he place . rifkin ready to shut down ? E as Jason run away he turn back . jason there 's three more on they way down . wait for they , then it 's all set . 15 ext . chair lift - continuous 15 the three continue to talk . parker I be not wait till we get back to campus to eat . I be starve . 26 . dan why do not you have some pizza ? parker you mean the cardboard with tomato sauce that you guy eat ? that be not pizza . that be like , X `roller skate rink birthday party pizza ' . lynch there 's a papa gino 's on we way R back . it 's like 15 minute down the road from the mountain . parker sweet . I be gonna eat a whole real a pizza myself . Dan spy something . dan check it out ! m they look down to see three skier hit a huge jump , one after the other . dan ( cont would ) we be so hit that jump . lynch D last run . gotta make it count . the wind blow the chair really hard . parker hold on . E parker Jesus ! the guy just laugh . dan it 's just wind , parker . lynch do not you mean , " baby " ? parker start laugh . dan ( to Lynch ) who invite you ? 27 . 16 ext . chair lift line - moment later 16 rifkin warm he hand with he breath . the temperature be drop fast . he check he watch , dance back and forth . X heyman ( another employee ) run by he on he way to the lodge . rifkin R heyman ! hey , heyman ! do I a solid ? heyman look back he . his face already say " no . " a rifkin ( cont would ) I have gotta piss so bad I can taste it . can you just take over for 2 minute ? heyman point to he ear as if he can not hear what rifkin be m say to he . he keep run . rifkin ( cont would ) asshole . 17 ext . chair lift - continuous 17 D a low , distant thunder roll echoe far away . parker shit . do you hear that ? E dan it 's the mountain . it snow every night . relax . the chair move on in silence for a few moment . parker seriously . I be gonna eat a whole pizza . ( a few beat ) I be not even kid . 28 . 18 ext . chair lift line - moment later 18 rifkin kick he foot around . he spy Jason 's discard cigarette box on the top of the trash and he inspect it for any leave over cigarettes . X nothing . he sigh . just then , the three skier that we see take the jump a few R minute earlier come fly down the mountain and past he . a voice from the top lift cut through the radio . voice ( o.s. ) a last chair be through . rifkin pick up the radio and call the top of the mountain . rifkin cool . last three just hit . I be m clear . voice ( o.c. ) clear up here . he hang up and move over to the lever . tight on the lever as he pull it back towards he . D 19 ext . chair lift - continuous 19 the chair lurch to a stop . once again , the comforting E white noise of the motorize cable go away , leave they in silence . the wind blow hard against they . dan oh , come on . parker instinctively grab he hand . the cold bite through they layer of clothing . parker bur ! 29 . lynch ( yell to the sky ) it's friggin cold up here ! no time for this crap ! thank you ! they sit and wait in silence for a few second . X parker it 's gonna start again , right ? dan ( quickly ) R yes . ( then ) anyone get any joke ? lynch a what do the fourteen year old girl from New Hampshire say to she father when she lose she virginity ? dan " get off I , you be crush my m marlboros " . beat . lynch I tell you that ? CUT to : D 20 ext . mount holliston - moment later 20 from this distance the mountain look like a giant night - E light of converge white string . even in this darkness , the menace cloud be visible over the tree . CUT to : 21 ext . chair lift - continuous 21 the three sit in the freezing chair . Lynch be really get impatient . dan what do you think the worst way to die would be ? 30 . parker that 's not morbid . lynch yeah , seriously . that 's kinda spooky , Dan . X dan I think get eat by a shark would be the worst way to go . ( beat ) not if it be like one of that R surfer where they get hit from behind and they do not even know what happen . ( beat ) you know . Cause it like come up a from beneath they . ( beat ) like on the jaw poster . lynch the chick on the jaw poster be m hot . parker she be ? lynch I do not know . she be naked . nake chick be hot . D dan but if you actually like see the fin come for you in the water . that would be worse than actually E get eat . know that this animal be come for you but you can not get away . and that it 's go to eat you . like you be gonna get eat alive ? have you guy ever see that footage of the great white jump out of the water to eat that seal ? lynch that 's why I only swim in pool . parker I think burn to death would be the worst . 31 . lynch well yes and no . because most people die of the smoke inhalation before any fire even hit they . parker I remember watch tv for like 3 X day straight after 9/11 . that footage that they keep show of all of that people leaping off of the top of the Trade Center ? can you imagine how bad it be inside R to know that jump be a better way out ? lynch but they say that when you jump a from that high up you heart stop before you hit the ground and you do not even feel it . parker ok , then Lynch . what be the worst m way to die ? lynch ( defensive ) what ? parker no , you have a answer for D everything . what 's you biggest fear ? Lynch have be wait for this . E lynch easy . the sarlaac pit . parker the what ? lynch the sarlaac pit . from return of the jedi ? hel -lo ... be slowly digested over 1,000 year ? worst . death . ever . dan ( teasing ) " I do not know why I never have a girlfriend , you guy ! " 32 . lynch shut-up . the wind start blow again and parker nestle close to dan. parker X why have not it start again ? dan give it a minute . R lynch this be nothing man . at stowe last year , I and solet be strand for like 25 minute . this big chick fall get off up top and a twisted she leg . it be like - " move she to the side and keep the line go people " . but no . they have to stop and celebrate it right there and we all have to - m boom . the light go out . a21 ext . mount holliston - continuous a21 across the mountain all of the trail light go out , one by one . D b21 ext . chair lift - continuous b21 they sit in darkness . E at first no one can speak . Dan react first . dan ( yell ) what the fuck ??! hello ???!!!! lynch come on now ! this be mess up . parker hey ! turn the light back on ! hello !!!! Dan try to laugh in frustration . 33. dan be they fuck kid ? lynch I kind of just shat in my pants a bit , I be not gonna lie . X dan he-llo !!!!!!!!!!!???? parker be start to shake . R parker ( quietly ) no one know we be up here . they forget that we be up here . a dan no they do not . they could not have . I be sure they have a system or something . there 's probably security camera on we right now . m he start wave around he hand . dan ( cont would ) hey asshole ?! start the chair !!! we're freezing up here !!! parker what if they do not start it again ? D what if everyone go home ? dan ( angere out of panic ) will you stop ?! E ( recover ) they do not go home . stop freaking I out . ( then ) remind I to knock down that fuck lift operator when we get down . this be horse shit . lynch what do you say to the guy ? dan me? nothing ! lynch well , clearly you piss he off enough to do this . 34 . dan I do not do anything ! he know we be still up here . parker then why be the light off , Dan ? be that part of they policy ? shut X off the light and scare the customer ? dan they just lose power or something . R I be sure it 's gonna come back on any second . ( then ) they do not go home . that 's retarded . a after a few more moment . lynch this be so mess up . m dan it 's a power outage . they will come up with a ladder if they have to . parker be start to whimper . in a few more second she may even be teeter on full - on panic . parker D we need to get down from here . we can not just sit up here . why be not the goddamn chair move , Dan ? what the hell ?! E dan well you be all psycho about it be not gonna make it move . just chill out . another few beat . parker do not yell at I . dan I be not yell at you but you need to relax . this stuff happen all the time . can you imagine the law suit if they leave everyone on this lift up here all night ? 35 . lynch free lift ticket . parker what other people on the lift ? there be no one in front of we . X she make a good point . but still ... dan we will not be stick here all night . R parker no . you be right . we will not be here all night . it 's Sunday . ( she start cry ) its fuck Sunday and they be not a open again until Friday . ( sobbing ) we will be stick here all week . silence as Dan and Lynch take this in . m parker ( cont would ) we be gonna die up here . Lynch try to be the voice of reason . lynch we be not go to be stick here . parker . parker , look at I . even D if by some strange reason they really do forget we up here - we can jump . I see people jump off of chair lift all the time . E dan it 's true . I have do it before . you just get tired of wait , you wait for a spot with some serious powder and you just jump . it 's actually kind of fun , but they can ban you from the mountain for it . look below they , it be way too far a drop to be jump off of the chair . parker ( hysterical ) - help !!! somebody please help US !!!! hel -lo !!! help !!!!! she cry into Dan 's shoulder . 36 . dan shh . I know you be scared . I be scared , too . but any minute now they be gonna turn the power back on and we be all gonna be laugh about this . X more moment pass in silence as they survey they situation . finally ... parker R I have to pee . they all share a uncomfortable laugh . parker ( cont would ) a I have to pee wick bad . lynch that make two of we . parker m ew , Lynch if you pull out you junk in front of I I be gonna puke . lynch well , what do you want I to do ? I gotta go . parker D how be I suppose to go ? Dan move the safety bar a little . dan E well if we just lift the bar up you could probably just bend over if we hold on to you . parker instantly start freaking out with the bar up . parker be you crazy ! put the bar down !!! lynch it 's just the safety bar . it do not really do anything anyway . parker well I like the safety bar and I like it down where it 's suppose to be . 37 . dan then how be you go to piss ? parker I can hold it . lynch X for a whole week ? Dan and parker glare at he . lynch ( cont would ) R sorry . ( then ) she 's the one who say we would be here for " a week " ! a parker take a deep breath . parker I can hold it . dan m I be tell you , five minute from now we will all be laugh . lynch I be pissing . Lynch lift the safety bar up , whip out he business and start to pee off the side of the chair into the snow below D they . dan I hope they catch you and throw you out . I hope they ban you from the E mountain . that 's so nasty . lynch Ban I from the mountain ? you could not pay I to come back here . make I sit up here in below zero weather forever while they get they damn Fisher price lift work ? sorry . not come back . Lynch finish he business . lynch ( cont would ) there . much better . a low thunder clap roll in across the tree and the chill wind pick up . 38 . dan / parker / lynch help ! / hel-lo ! / up here ! they continue to scream they head off for a few moment until freezing sleet start fall all around they , soaking they through to the bone . X almost instantly , giant ball of hail stream down at they . " ping-ing " off of the metal chair and pelting they face . the wind blow hard as they flimsy chair swing back and forth in the foul weather . R parker sob quietly into Dan 's shoulder . lynch somebody get US down from here ! a help ! dan ( quietly ) put the safety bar down , Joe . m lynch somebody please help US ! dan ( louder ) put the bar down . lynch D someone - dan put the bar down ! E Lynch pull the bar down and sulk , look away from Dan . the hail / sleet mixture keep pelting against they skin as they sit together in silence . another loud thunder clap hit . this time , much closer . CUT to : 22 ext . mount holliston - moment later 22 the sleet begin to ice over the leave and vegetation below . ski track fill in with the wet rain . CUT to : 39 . 23 ext . mount holliston - moment later , wider 23 the entire mountain be cover in dark cloud . CUT to : X 24 ext . chair lift - moment later 24 the three strand kid huddle together for warmth as the hail pour down around they in sheet . R suddenly , a beam of light begin to shine up at they . Dan 's head snap up . a CUT to : 25 ext . mount holliston - continuous 25 a snow cat slowly make it 's way down the hill towards the m bottom . it 's headlight shine across the tree in front of it . CUT to : 26 ext . chair lift - continuous 26 D Dan begin to cheer . dan what do I tell you guy , huh ? woo - hoo ! up here ! E parker oh , thank God . CUT to : 27 ext . mount holliston - continuous 27 the snow cat be now really close . it be literally come right for they . CUT to : 40 . 28 ext . chair lift - continuous 28 Dan and parker wave they hand in the rain . parker up here ! X dan hello ! CUT to : R 29 ext . below the chair - continuous 29 the snow cat continue on right underneath they . it do not a look like it 's go to stop . CUT to : 30 ext . chair lift - continuous 30 m panic set in yet again . parker why be not he stop ? lynch hey ! what the hell ?!! D CUT to : 31 int . snow cat - continuous 31 E steve ( the driver ) concentrate on the path . the roar of he engine be almost deafen . his radio chime in . voice ( o.c. ) Steve . Steve pick up he radio . steve go for Steve . 41 . voice ( o.s. ) we get a problem here . CUT to : 32 ext . chair lift - continuous 32 X below they , the snow cat slow down to a halt . the three kid cheer . R dan / parker / lynch thank you ! / woo ! / yes !! CUT to : a 33 int . snow cat - continuous 33 Steve listen . voice ( o.c. ) m it 's nothing but ice at the bottom of wildcat so you be gonna have to cut over to the south hill and come around the side . steve that 's gonna take I 20 minute ! D voice ( o.c. ) sorry brother , but it 's a freeze swim pool down here . steve E 10 - 4. he put the snow cat in gear and begin to back up . CUT to : 34 ext . chair lift - continuous 34 below they , they see the snow cat start to back up and turn to the right . lynch what be this asshole do ? the snow cat switch back into drive . 42 . parker no ! no ! quickly Dan and Lynch start to ball together the slush on the side of the chair . they throw they at the snow cat , but keep miss by a few X inch . desperately , Lynch throw he goggle at the snow cat . they land just shy of the driver 's side window . R parker take off she helmet and throw it down . CUT to : a 35 int . snow cat - continuous 35 Steve turn the headlight in the opposite direction , just miss the helmet fall past he windshield . m though we can briefly see the light shine off of the three kid , unless you know they be there or be look for they ... you would have miss they , too . as the windshield turn the other way , one of Lynch 's skis slam into the ground , just out of the headlight 's view . CUT to : D 36 ext . chair lift - continuous 36 the snow cat drive away . E Lynch throw one of he ski pole but do not even come close . parker sob hysterically . parker noooo !!!!!! hard CUT to : 37 ext . mount holliston - later 37 it have stop hail . 43. the moon shine down on the mountain . it glisten like a block of ice . silence . CUT to : X 38 ext . chair lift - continuous 38 the three shiver uncontrollably . R finally . parker my face be burn . a dan the power be come back on soon . parker no it be not . m dan it have to . the wind make eerie sound as it whistle through the freeze tree . dan ( cont would ) anyone know what time it be ? I D do not wear a watch . lynch I neither . I use my phone . hold on , let I just run back to the E locker real quick and I will find out . no one laugh at he attempt at " humor " . lynch ( cont would ) ok , top 3 breakfast cereal of all time . go. silence . lynch ( cont would ) I will go first . parker stop . 44 . lynch crunch berries ... parker please , stop . lynch X Apple jack ... dan dude , quit it . R lynch ... and I be gonna go out on a limb and say lucky charm pre-purple horseshoe . a silence . lynch ( cont would ) there 's just something weird about eat purple horseshoe , be I right ? m silence . parker everyone go home . they leave we up here . more silence . D lynch top 3 celebrity you would do . ( then ) I first again ? Fine ... E dan someone have to jump . they steal glance at each other . they be soak through . parker 's hair be freeze . dan ( cont would ) we can not just sit up here until next weekend . we will die . no one acknowledge he . he sigh and close he eye . parker start to cry . neither of the guy even try to console she . 45 . finally , Dan put a arm around she . dan ( cont would ) shhh . it 's ok . lynch somebody help US !! X his voice be get hoarse . parker ( aside to Dan ) R I do not want to die up here . dan ( aside to parker ) you be not gonna die , baby . I a will not let you die . ok ? I promise I will not let you die . parker cry . parker m ( aside to Dan ) I be so scared . dan ( aside to parker ) it 's alright . it 's alright . snow start to lightly fall around they . D dan ( cont would ) hey . it 's snow . they shiver together . E lynch great . ( then ) best Christmas present you ever get ? go. parker chime in first this time . parker shayna . my puppy . dan disneyworld in 8th grade . 46 . lynch hmm ... guess that leave I . I be gonna go with ... oh yeah ... this skis ! get it ? my skis . how ironic , huh ? silence . X parker take off she glove to light a cigarette . as she struggle with the lighter , the glove fall out of she lap and land on the ground below they . R parker shit ! lynch a see ? that 's where smoking get you . parker shut-up . m she keep struggle with the lighter but eventually give up . she throw the cigarette away and put she expose hand back in she pocket . the snow fall around they . Dan push the safety bar up . D parker ( cont would ) - what , what be you do ? dan I be jump . I be gonna get help . E lynch Dan ...woah . let 's talk about this . parker no . no , do not leave I up here . Dan take she face in he hand . tenderly . and probably for the first time ... correctly . dan parker , I can do this . even if I get hurt , as long as I can get to the bottom I .... you skin be so red . you be get frost bite . 47 . lynch you can not get frost bite that fast . it 's only be - what , like ... how long have it be ? a few hour , top ? Dan inspect parker 's face . it 's tough to see in the dark , X but the tip of she nose and she right cheek ( the side face into the wind ) be discolor . parker ( quietly ) R do not leave I . dan I will get help . Lynch be here . he will be with you . a Lynch be look down below they . it 's far . lynch Dan , it 's a far drop . I do not know . m dan ( heat ) do you have a better idea ? I be tell you , I have totally jump off of a lift before . lynch D if we can wait `til morning I bet someone will come up here . like a snow groomer or some shit . dan E really ? and why would they come groom the snow on a day when they be not open , Joe ? a day when they still have a full work week before they open again ? Lynch say nothing . dan ( cont would ) I can do this . he position himself to try and jump off . parker grab he arm . parker no , no , no . please do not jump down there , Dan . you will get hurt . 48 . lynch how be you go to find you way in the dark ? dan I will stick to the trail . I will ride to the bottom . X ( then ) you do not get a fresher run than this , right ? Dan drop he snowboard down . R it land stick up straight in the snow . dan ( cont would ) ok . a parker and Lynch look back at he . they do not know what to say . Lynch try to grab on to Dan 's arm . m lynch Walker , no . Dan shrug free . he be determine . concentrate . dan one . D parker 's tear be freezing on she cheek as the second tick by . dan ( cont would ) ... two . E Lynch take a deep breath . when enough time have elapse to think Dan 's gonna jump , he suddenly look up at Lynch instead of jump . dan ( cont would ) remember when I be say how I jump off one of this thing before ? Lynch stare back at he . dan ( cont would ) I totally lie . I be scared shitless right now . Lynch muster a laugh . it 's force , but it 's a laugh . 49 . Dan laugh back at he . he turn to face parker . she try to smile but be freeze with fear . Dan whisper to she ... dan ( cont would ) ( whisper ) X you be gonna be ok , baby . ... and he be go . from he point of view ( the camera point down at he foot ) R we drop ( without cut ) from the chair all the way to the freeze ground below . CUT to : a 39 ext . below the chair - continuous 39 crack ! both of Dan 's leg shatter from the impact . viscera protrude out of he snow pants as he leg bone shoot out the top of he knee . m dan ahhh !! oh my GOD ! ahhhh !!!! CUT to : 40 ext . chair lift - continuous 40 D parker call down to he . parker dan ! danny ? oh my god ! E Dan 's cry turn to quiet breath below they . it be tough for parker and Lynch to make out what exactly be happen . lynch Dan , say something . be you alright ? more quiet breath from below . finally ... dan ( o.c. ) my leg . I break my fuck leg . lynch oh , shit . 50 . parker can you move ? Dan ? ( she start to panic ) hold on . hold on , baby . Lynch stop she . X lynch what be you do ? parker I gotta ... I have to get to he . R lynch you will just get hurt , too . stop. calm down . a parker calm down ?! ( to Dan ) talk to I , Danny ! CUT to : m 41 ext . below the chair - continuous 41 Dan struggle . dan stay there . do not get off the D chair . parker ( o.c . ) how bad be it ? E Dan can see that he leg be shattered and that he be bleed . bone protrude from he bloody ski pants . dan it 's bad . it 's really fuck bad . ( start to cry ) someone help US ! please ! CUT to : 42 ext . mount holliston - continuous 42 Dan 's scream can barely be hear from this distance . the blanket of snow muffle all sound of life on the mountain . CUT to : 51 . 43 ext . chair lift - continuous 43 parker sob into Lynch 's shoulder . lynch ok . alright . you gotta stay X strong for I , parker . can you do that ? he look every which way , try to come up with a solution . R lynch ( cont would ) if we go to piece we be never gonna get through this , ok ? parker a what be we gonna do ? we be gonna die up here . lynch ( to Dan below ) buddy , can you move at all ? m CUT to : 44 ext . below the chair - continuous 44 dan I can not even stand up . D CUT to : 45 ext . chair lift - continuous 45 E lynch you can not , like ... I do not know , slide down the hill or something ? CUT to : 46 ext . below the chair - continuous 46 dan my leg be shattered , asshole ! I be bleed to death - no , I can 't slide down the fucking mountain ! lynch ( o.c . ) alright , alright . um ...? 52 . dan ... so much blood . CUT to : 47 ext . chair lift - continuous 47 X parker ( to Dan below ) can you stop the bleed ? R dan ( o.c. ) with what ? parker here ... a she take off she scarf and toss it below . it blow away into the tree . it do not even make it halfway . m parker ( cont would ) shit ! Lynch remove he scarf and ball it up . lynch here you go , Dan . I be throw mine down . D dan ( o.c. ) I can not see . lynch E just feel for it , ok ? here it come ... he drop the ball up scarf . CUT to : 48 ext . below the chair - continuous 48 the scarf land right next to Dan . dan what do I do with this ? 53. lynch ( o.c . ) tie it over you leg . tie it off above wherever it 's bleed . like a tourniquet thing . Dan fumble with the scarf and tie it just above he right knee as tight as he can . X dan I be so cold . CUT to : R 49 ext . chair lift - continuous 49 parker start to take off she coat . a parker here , take my coat . dan ( o.c. ) no ! do not you take off you coat ! m you need it ! parker no , I will be ok . I can huddle next to Lynch . please - CUT to : D 50 ext . below the chair - continuous 50 dan - parker , keep you coat on . E Dan take off he snowboard glove and tie the elastic string together . his finger be so numb that it take several try . once tie , he try to stretch the glove around he leave knee , but it be useless . dan ( cont would ) shit ! lynch ( o.c . ) Dan , buddy . you gotta let we throw something down so you can stop the bleed . 54 . dan I ... I have get it . parker be you sure . Dan 's leave leg be definitely still bleed . X dan yup . Thunder shake the mountain side . R moment pass with only they breathe . lynch ( o.c . ) be you sure you can not try and get a down the hill , buddy ? Dan fall onto he back , panting from the pain . he struggle to flip himself over , but it hurt too much . dan m no , man . I can not move . I can not move . CUT to : 51 ext . chair lift - continuous 51 D Lynch hold he head . lynch alright . hold on . E once again , Lynch start look all around . above , below . lynch ( cont would ) maybe ... if I could climb up to the lift cable ? maybe I could like , scale across to the other chair until I find one that be not quite so high up from the ground ? parker you think you can pull yourself across that many chair ? Lynch look back at she . lynch I can not even do a pull - up . 55 . dan ( o.c. ) you never even try to do a pull up you asshole . you have you Mom write you a note to get out of climb the rope in gym cause you be a pussy . X lynch there be no reason to embarrass myself . I know I could not do it . dan ( o.c. ) R you can too . remember Jenny bluth ? she fuck do it . you can do it . lynch even if I make it across to the a next chair ... how many more would it take before I find one closer to the ground ? dan ( o.c. ) every lift pole have a emergency m ladder on it . they look forward and backwards . the chair behind they be not near the pole . but the one behind that one be . D lynch ok . the chair that 's two back . do it look like it 's near the pole ? E parker I do not know . I can not see . lynch shit , that 's far . he and parker just stare at it . lynch ( cont would ) just . just give I a second . he start take deep breath . try to psyche himself up . parker what if you fall , too ? 56 . lynch parker ... if we just sit here , we be gonna freeze to death . parker maybe ... maybe in the morning someone else will come up here . X maybe , they will need to do maintenance on the lift or something , you know ? dan ( o.c. ) R what 's go on up there ? you guy ? parker we be right here , baby . a lynch yeah , man . we do not go anywhere . I think ... I think I be gonna try and climb back to the pole . if the chair be close enough , maybe ... m maybe I can jump to it . CUT to : 52 ext . below the chair - continuous 52 Dan be in agony . D dan do it . please do it now . CUT to : E 53 ext . chair lift - continuous 53 parker just hang in there , Dan . it 's gonna be ok . Lynch start to maneuver himself in the chair . slowly he push himself up so that he be sit on the chair back and hold onto the connect post . the chair swing back and forth in the wind . above he it be a solid 5 foot before the chair arm connect to the wire . 57 . lynch it 's funny . but I be never afraid of height , until like ... right now . parker what can I do to help ? X lynch just hold on to my leg . you can not really stop I from fall ... but it 's , you know ... psychological or something you know ? R parker maneuver herself to hold Joe 's leg .. Joe try to move into a stand position , but panic . a lynch ( cont would ) ok ...ok ... just give I a second . parker I think we should wait till morning . we can make it a few more hour . m lynch ( quietly ) us? maybe . ( then ) but not he . the gravity of this settles in . D as Lynch get ready to try and stand again ... we hear something in the surround . they freeze . E again , a sort of " moan " ring in the distance . parker baby , be that you ? dan ( o.c. ) what ? lynch shh ! they listen again . CUT to : 58 . 54 ext . below the chair - continuous 54 this time , clear as day ... a wolf howl . dan oh , motherfucker . X CUT to : 55 ext . chair lift - continuous 55 R Lynch try to control the panic . lynch it 's alright man . it 's just a a coyote or something . they be scared of people . it probably will not even come anywhere near we , ok ? dan ( o.c. ) m that sound like a fuck wolf . lynch just relax . when 's the last time you hear of a wolf attack in New England ? CUT to : D 56 ext . below the chair - continuous 56 even in the pale moonlight , it be easy to see how white Dan E be become . dan I read about one on - line somewhere last year . fuck. fuck. fuck. CUT to : 57 ext . chair lift - continuous 57 lynch wolf around here be pussy . they be not even that big . they stop and listen ... but there be only the sound of the rain . 59 . parker it could be worse , right ? dan ( o.c. ) how the hell ... could this be worse ? Long pause ... X parker it could be the sarlacc pit . they can not believe it ... but Dan and Lynch both actually R laugh . it 's uncomfortable and force as hell . but it 's a laugh . lynch parker - come through with the a tension breaker , look out ! ( to Dan ) she 's alright , Walker . you girl be alright . he focus on the task at hand again . m lynch ( cont would ) ok ... here we go . slowly he push up on the back of the chair again . with one hand on parker 's shoulder and another on the back post of the chair , Lynch get to he foot . look down at the drop , he instantly crouch down again . D lynch ( cont would ) Holy shit , be that high up . parker E what can I do ? lynch nothing . just be quiet . he psyches himself up again and start to rise up . dan ( o.c. ) you can do this , Lynch . you have get it . lynch please stop talk . he put one foot up on the top of the chair back ... but it slip off to the side . 60 . lynch ( cont would ) woa -! the whole back of this thing be ice . together , he and parker start hit the chair back . CUT to : X 58 ext . below the chair - continuous 58 shard of ice fall down around Dan . he cover he head for R protection . lynch ( o.c . ) hold on , down there . I think once I can stand on the back - I should a be able to reach the top . more chunks of ice shower down around Dan . finally the fall ice subside . m Dan take he glove away from he face ... only to freeze in horror . not even 10 foot away , stand a wolf . silently the wolf watch he from the bush . lightly growl . D dan ( quietly at first ) you guy . the wolf give a low growl . E dan ( cont would ) ( really loud ) you guy ! CUT to : 59 ext . chair lift - continuous 59 parker what ? what 's wrong ? dan ( o.c. ) there 's a wolf down here . 61 . Lynch and parker look down . from they Pov they can see that the wolf be stand right next to Dan , watch he . no fear . parker ( gasp ) oh shit ! X CUT to : 60 ext . below the chair - continuous 60 R Dan do not take he eye off of the wolf . he be shaking in fear . dan a what the hell do I do ? the wolf sniff at the air and then growl again , this time bare it 's tooth . it smell the blood . dan ( cont would ) m what the fuck do I do ??! the tension build in the stand -off . neither the wolf or Dan look away . when ... slam ! Lynch 's other ski land between the two of they . D parker ( o.c . ) ( scream ) get away from he !!! the wolf step back and snarl . E thwock ! parker 's snowboard come down and skid away into the tree , push the wolf further back . the wolf dart back into the bush . though it can no longer be see , we can hear it move away through the brush and back into the darkness . growl come from the surround bush as the wolf angrily retreat . CUT to : 62 . 61 ext . chair lift - continuous 61 lynch be you alright man ? dan ( o.c. ) X yeah . I be alive . Lynch slide he remain pole in between the bar on the chair back and rest it there . R lynch see ? what do I tell you ? they be more scared of you than you be of they . a dan ( o.c. ) I do not know . I be pretty scared , I gotta be honest . lynch it 's just a dog . that 's all it be . m he will not be back . parker be you keep warm down there ? CUT to : D 62 ext . below the chair - continuous 62 dan as warm as I can . ( then ) E I can not feel my leg anymore . be that bad ? I mean , it do not hurt as much ... but that 's bad right ? CUT to : 63 ext . chair lift - continuous 63 lynch no , no . you will be alright . ( quietly to parker ) that 's probably really bad . I gotta move , so I need you to - 63. he look closely at parker 's face . the tip of she nose and the top of she cheek look as if there be black soot on they . lynch ( cont would ) hey ... go like this . X he motion wiping he face . parker follow suit , but wince in pain . parker R ow ! it feel like ... like sunburn . piece of she chap skin be stick to she icy glove . lynch a I be not a expert but I think that 's frost bite . parker what ? m lynch look at I - be my face change color anywhere ? parker look as closely as she can . parker I do not .. I can not see anything . I D do not know , it 's too dark she start rub at she cheek again . lynch E no ! stop touch it . do not touch it . parker but it itches now ... lynch I know - but if you keep touch you face it 's gonna rub off . parker be terrify . lynch ( cont would ) just try and cover you face . try and stay warm . 64 . stay warm be absolutely impossible . parker hide she expose hand deeper inside she wet jacket . icicles dangle from the bottom of the chair and they clothing . dan ( o.c. ) X ( wind ) you gotta move faster up there . lynch I be try man , I be try . R Lynch slowly lift himself up onto the back of the chair , which bend at a awkward angle . from above he we can see the long drop down , and as he a slowly start to maneuver he body up to the top of the chair arm - the height look `stomach droppingly ' scary . parker careful . m lynch stop talk . dan ( o.c. ) Lynch . I think the - lynch dan , stop talking . D silence . Lynch get he glove hand around the top of the cable . it be freeze over with a thick layer of ice . E the distance to the next chair seem about 10 time as far now . lynch ( cont would ) ( to himself ) I can do this . if Jenny bluth could climb the rope , I can totally do this . slowly , he wrap he arm around the wire , now with he full body weight on the back of the chair . the bolt hold the arm into place on the cabling start to creak . it bend slightly , but seem to hold firm . 65 . lynch ( cont would ) ok . ok . ok . he start to pull himself up onto the cable . parker do not look down . X with one hand in front of the other , Lynch hoist himself about two foot off of the chair and into the air . lynch R ( gritt tooth ) slippery . parker do you get it ? a lynch shh . he slide out a little bit more , he foot dangle high above the ground . m the cable clang somewhere to the front and back of Lynch . the noise be almost refresh in the silent ice cover wilderness . with another deep breath , Lynch move another two foot out over the sky . he be strain hard . D another two foot out . he look down for the first time . he see something that scare the shit out of he . lynch ( cont would ) E oh god . parker what 's wrong ? lynch please no . please no ... he start to pull himself back to the chair , quickly . dan ( o.c. ) come on , Lynch ! you have it ! Lynch get he foot on the icy chair back and try to balance he weight on it . 66 . swish ! his foot slip off of it and he almost fall ... but parker grab onto he coat . parker I get you . Lynch scramble into the chair and huddle next to parker . X parker ( cont would ) what 's wrong ? he look at she , icy tear in he eye . his face be white . R parker ( cont would ) what happen ? finally Lynch grab she face in he hand . he get close to a she . lynch do not look down . parker m what ? he grab she head forcefully , try to cover she ear . lynch do not look down there , parker . the camera boom up and above they . as it tilt down at D they ... we reveal Dan splay out on the ground below . out of the darkness of the bush ... a pack of six wolve slowly and silently descend on he from all angle . E dan ( o.c. ) Lynch ? what 's wro - CUT to : 64 ext . below the chair - continuous 64 Dan hear the first growl . dan oh shit . oh shit . the hungry wolf circle around he . the smell of he freezing blood make they drool . 67 . dan ( cont would ) ( yell up ) lynch . CUT to : X 65 ext . chair lift - continuous 65 Lynch do not look down . he just stare at parker . lynch R ( fight tear ) yeah , man . dan ( o.c. ) ( cry ) a don't let her look . lynch I won 't. dan ( o.c. ) m don't you fucking let her look . Lynch be try to cover parker 's ear ... but she can hear what they be say . she force she head free and steal a glance down . she see Dan 's untimely death approach and instantly start to scream and cry . D Lynch hold she head in a vice grip . he press he forehead into hers . her tear and snot overflow onto he glove . lynch E shhhh . do not listen to it . do not listen . do not listen . as we push in tight on the two of they face , below they we hear the wolf begin they attack on they defenseless prey . first one growl and a bite . Dan shriek in pain . dan ( o.c. ) do not let she look ! below we can hear he put up a fight . but the attack and bite get more frequent and he scream even more painful . 68 . dan ( o.c. ) ( cont would ) do not look ! do not you fuck look down here ! the sound of several wolf attack in unison over power he cry . X Lynch continue to hold he hand over parker 's ear and keep she eye point at he as the sound of Dan 's demise echo through the night . the sound of clothes be shred , flesh be tear , and R bone pop from they joint create a chorus of pain below . Dan do not scream as much as do cry out in pain and agony . a the camera never see it . only Lynch and parker 's face . after what seem to be a unbearable minute ... the sound from below begin to dissipate . eventually Dan 's remain can be hear drag away . m silence once again . finally , Lynch let 's go of parker 's head . he sob into he own freeze glove as parker hysterically scream out into the night . CUT to : D 66 ext . mount holliston - continuous 66 parker 's scream echo across the dark wilderness . somewhere E in the distance , bird take off in fear . dissolve to : 67 ext . chair lift - much later 67 Lynch and parker sit on the freeze chair , shiver . they be now in the devastating silence that have fall after what must have be endless scream and cry . only the occasional sniffle let we know that they be even awake . finally Lynch break the silence . lynch I should ... try and ... 69 . he start to try and sit up on the back of the chair again to continue he climb effort . parker ( emotionless ) why do you let he jump ? X Lynch turn and look at she in disbelief . lynch you can not be fuck serious . R parker it be too far . lynch he say he could do it . you do not a try and stop he ! ( then ) I can not believe this ?! you be blame I ? parker m I be not ... I be not blame you . lynch you be he girlfriend ! I do not see you throw yourself in front of he ! parker D he be not go to listen to I . lynch oh , but he would have listen to I ? I say it be a bad idea ! I E say it be too far a drop ! but I do not hear any better idea out of you except for cry about it ! do not you fuck blame I ! you have be he girlfriend , for what ? a year maybe ? I have know he my whole fuck life ! parker but you ... you should have ... lynch what ? say it . parker look at he , uncertain . 70 . lynch ( cont would ) say it ! it should have be I ? parker I do not say that . lynch X but you want to ! it 's ok . I get it . it should have be I down there cause who give a fuck about I , right ? R parker feel terrible . she put she hand on he shoulder . parker no , no , I - a Lynch shrug she hand off of he . lynch you know what ? if we have not spend the whole fuck day on the bunny slope watch you fall on you ass m we would have get some real run in and we could have just go home ! parker I be sorry . lynch D you be sorry ? maybe if you have not fuck with we thing ... maybe if you have just stay home and not force yourself into every aspect of he life ... maybe my best friend E would not be dead right now ! parker that 's not fair ! lynch and it 's not fair that my best friend be dead ! parker begin to sob . parker I be sorry ! I do not mean it ! I be just - I be just - lynch - fuck you . 71 . Lynch be numb . he sit expressionless . seethe . in she cry , parker slowly keep move towards he . like a puppy who know they do something wrong and only want you to love it again . finally she get next to he and bury she head in he X chest , let it all out . eventually , Lynch can not help but feel compassion for she . he put he arm around she . R lynch ( cont would ) ( quietly ) I be sorry . I be sorry , parker . a a67 ext . below the chair - later a67 snow have now almost completely cover any of Dan 's remain that be leave on the scene . only the tip of a boot and a piece of jacket be visible . m b67 ext . chair lift - continuous b67 parker and Lynch be shiver together . after a beat , they begin to banter again . everything be say in a monotone voice . they never even look at each other . D they only speak to be speak . parker 429 ... E lynch 5 ...5 ... shit , what be it ? 5520 ? 5020 ? parker 5022 . lynch 5022 . 429-5022 . I be so gonna call that girl when we get home . and you know what ? I be gonna marry she . no mess around . I be just gonna be like " hey Shannon , it 's I Joe from the chair lift . will you marry I ? " and then we be gonna get a house and have 2 kid and a dog name Steve . 72 . parker 's face be expressionless . parker who 's gonna pay for the house . lynch she will . Shannon 's get a great X job . parker what do she do . R Lynch make something up ... but continue to have no expression in he word . despite he talk , he spirit be shattered . lynch a she ... a orthodontist . parker orthodontist make a lot of money . lynch m yup . parker I bet you guy will be really happy . lynch 429-5022. D 68 ext . below the chair - continuous 68 a wolf settles in the bush and look up at the two " piece E of food " on the chair high above . another wolf lay down in the snow by a tree . they wait like vulture . 69 ext . chair lift - continuous 69 silence . then ... parker who name they dog " Steve " . lynch I will . 73. parker Steve 's a " people " name . lynch say who ? parker X you do not like walk into someone 's house and have they say " here 's my dog Steve . " lynch R why not ? Steve 's a good name for a dog . parker " here , meet my cat Chris . " a lynch no cat . just a dog . Steve . silence . m parker shayna must be so hungry . Lynch try to change the subject . lynch what kind of pizza should we get at papa gino 's ? D parker do not hear he . as she continue , wet snow start to fall around they and the icy wind start to pick up . parker E the poor thing . she 's just a puppy . she will not understand that I die . she 's gonna think I leave she . that I forget about she . all she want be for I to come home . she 's probably wait by the door for I right now . every sound she hear in the hallway she 's probably cock she little head to the side , wait to see if I be go to walk in . but I will not . I will not ever walk in . and shayna 's go to starve to death . the poor thing be gonna wither away and die wait by the door for I and it 's all my fault . 74 . lynch she will not starve to death and you be not go to die . parker no one else have a key to my place . X lynch the neighbor will break the door down if she do not stop bark . someone will figure it out . she will be fine . R ( beat ) and so will you . so will we . he put a arm around she and huddle closely try to shield the wind . a parker I would have have shayna for a year this month . I get she a year ago for Christmas . m lynch I know . but you will see she again . parker Dan and I be spend Christmas with my parent this year . we will not be there though . ( then ) D I want to see my Mom and my dad . ( then ) I want to open present in the morning and then wait for my grandmother to show up so we can E eat . she 's always late . but she bring all of the dessert . and she make this special hot apple cider thing with cinnamon and nutmeg . it 's so good . and after dinner my dad always pass out on the couch `cause it 's he one day off and he 's have too much eggnog . and my sister , my Mom , and I watch a Christmas Story until the marathon be over . and that 's how you know Christmas be really over . when ralphie get he Red Rider carbine - action two-hundred - shot range model air rifle that last time and they go back to they regular programming . ( more ) 75 . parker ( cont would ) it 's kind of sad because then you know you have to wait another year for Christmas again . ( then ) it 's the same routine every year . ( then ) I just want to see my Mom and dad . X the camera pull back wider and wider until they chair be lose in the wet snowfall and darkness . slowly we fade to black as the wind howl and thunder gently roll ... R fade to black . fade in : a 70 ext . chair lift - the next morning 70 Dawn be break over the tree . Lynch and parker be still . they body be huddle m together , but neither be move . in fact , at a first glance , one might think they be both human popcycle . the dark splotches of frost - bite on parker 's nose and cheek have now grow to what almost look like patch of black fungus on she skin . D Lynch have the start of he own frost - bite on he ear and nose . slowly , parker 's eye flutter and she awaken . E her eye search around as the realization that this be not all just a bad dream sink in . she adjust in she seat and feel something pull . she wince and look down . slowly the camera follow she stare down to reveal she bare hand , grip the icy safety bar . she pull ... but she skin be stick to the freeze metal . beginning to panic , she jerk she hand hard , take the bar up about half a inch with it . parker uhh ... 76 . painstakingly slow , she begin to peel she hand off of the bar . a sound that resemble ijean slowly tear ' can be softly hear as she move she arm forward and separate she hand from the skin that be attach to the metal . X after what feel like a eternity , she give she hand one last jerk , freeing it from the safety bar . parker ( cont would ) ruuugh ! R her movement startles Lynch awake , and he bolt upright as if from a vfall nightmare ' . discombobulate , Lynch turn back and forth frantically a try to get he bearing . parker be cry and hold she bloody hand , parker ( cont would ) shhhh . m Lynch , bug -ey , take in the world around he . a fresh coat of snow have cover everything in several inch of peaceful white bliss . below they , the snow have completely cover Dan 's remain . there be nothing leave to show that there be ever even a D struggle . parker hide she bloody hand back inside of she coat , away from Lynch 's eye . E lynch I ... think I be dream . this . I think this be a dream . he turn to look at parker . it take everything he have to not jolt back in horror at how bad she face look . parker what ? lynch you frost -bite . it 's get ... worse . she start to touch she face . 77 . parker really ? how bad be it ? Lynch stop she . lynch do not . it 's bad . X parker it 's not as itchy any more . lynch R just do not touch you face , ok ? when we get out of here , we will get you to a doctor right away and they will fix it . a parker you have some dark spot on you face , too . lynch they will fix I , too then . just m do not touch it . he look around , front to back . in daylight it 's easier to see the other chair . his breath blow out of he body in huge plume of mist . lynch ( cont would ) D well , it 's morning . maybe someone will come up here now . parker for what ? E lynch I do not know . Mountain maintenance . besides , when none of we show up for class people be go to start look for we . parker no one 's gonna look for I . I skip class all the time . by the time anyone notice I be go I will be dead . lynch can you please just think one positive thing ? please ! 78 . parker besides . no one know we be here . lynch ( to the sky ) hel -lo !!! we need help !! help !!! X his voice echoe off of the freeze tree , almost as if taunting he . he turn around to look at the chair behind he . R lynch ( cont would ) alright . look . if I can get to that chair ... two back ... I could make it to the ladder on that pole . I think I could make it down . a parker do not speak . lynch ( cont would ) help I . m parker be you sure you do not just wanna give it a few more hour ? what if you be right ? what if someone be go to come up here , even though they be not open today ? Lynch do not respond . the look on he face say that " no D one be come " but he decide there 's no harm in wait just a little while longer . Lynch try to yell for help again , though he soar throat be make it almost impossible to scream . E lynch up here ! someone help US ! once again ... only echoe . he re-settle in he chair . parker I just wish I could stand up . get out of this position for a minute . lynch if you want , you can stand on the chair and I can hold onto you . 79 . parker no. I can not . lynch well , if anything 's gonna get you over you fear of height , it 's this . X parker ( quickly , sternly ) no. I be fine . R lynch alright . CUT to : a 71 ext . chair lift line - later 71 the bottom of the mountain look like it have be abandon . empty ski rack . m a empty lodge . a empty parking lot . a still chair lift . all cover in white , still snow . D CUT to : 72 ext . chair lift - later 72 E Lynch be sleep . his head be lean to one side in a position that be sure to give he the worst stiff neck he 's ever have . parker be ancy . she look all around . think . finally she squeeze she eye shut ... embarrassed . her snow pants turn dark around she bottom . slowly a puddle of urine form on the chair between she and Lynch . below they , the urine fall into the snow and disappear . parker 's eye swell as she begin to cry what 's leave of she tear . she be emotionally degrade and devastate . 80 . as she nose begin to run , she instinctively wipe she hand across it ... take a small piece of the dead flesh off of she cheek with it . she do not even feel it . dissolve to : X 73 ext . chair lift - later 73 they both sleep . R finally , Lynch stir and check parker to see if she be still breathe . it appear she be not . a lynch hey ...hey parker ... he lightly shake she . m nothing . lynch ( cont would ) parker wake up . he shake she harder and she come to with a gasp . parker D what ? lynch shit , I think you stop breathe ... E he notice she skinned cheek . her ear tip be now completely blacken . parker what 's wrong ? lynch nothing . she study he eye . clearly something be very wrong . lynch ( cont would ) how about you help I up again and we try and get out of here ? 81 . parker yeah . 74 ext . chair lift - later 74 from beneath the chair we see shard of ice and snow fall X onto the ground . Lynch be once again try to maneuver himself up onto the chair back as parker hold he steady . R lynch ok . 1...2... 3 - he hoist himself up onto the cable briefly , but after just a few second , he return he foot to the chair back . a parker hold onto he leg tightly . lynch ( cont would ) I feel like I gain about 100 pound overnight . m parker it be all that pizza talk . lynch I have no strength . parker D then do not do this . Lynch try again . he hoist himself up , but bail instantly ... like a trainer give up on he 100th pull up . E lynch damn it . he settles back down into the assume position on the chair . parker maybe later . lynch what ? like I be gonna feel better if I wait a little longer ? I should have do it last night while I still have some strength . 82. parker there 's more snow fall on the ground and it 's all fresh . maybe the jump will not be as bad now . lynch even if it be a foot deeper - it X would not break that fall . I should have just climb across last night . I have strength . I have adrenaline . R parker what do you want I to do ? lynch nothing . let 's sit and do nothing . a she reach into she pocket and remove she cigarettes . the box be damp , but the cigarettes inside be still dry . she start to remove one but she glove leave hand and she numb right hand make she fumble the pack . m CUT to : 75 ext . below the chair - continuous 75 the pack of cigarettes fall into the snow . D parker ( o.c . ) ahhhh ! hard CUT to : E 76 ext . chair lift - late afternoon 76 the two be bundle together as the evening wind start to pick up . again , they speak without emotion . it 's conversation just to let themselves know that they be still alive . parker how come you never have a girlfriend ? lynch how be I suppose to answer that ? 83. parker I mean , you be a decent guy . Girls dig you . but you never stay in a relationship . lynch I have a serious girlfriend once . X parker High School do not count . lynch R no , post-high school . freshmen year . parker who ? a lynch this girl Annie . I meet she at orientation . we email all summer and when we start school , it be like we be already go out . I m totally just feel it with she , you know ? we be into a lot of the same stuff , which be cool . she be way into aerosmith . I have see they fifteen time , she have see they twenty . how cool be that ? parker D what happen ? lynch she um ... same favorite movie as I . e.t . it be like soul mate E and that stuff you read about . parker so then ... what happen ? lynch same old shit . ( then ) no . you know what happen ? she like another guy . this fuck fraternity douchebag name Dean who keep send she flower and stuff . I do not know who it be exactly , but every time I would go to she room some guy name " Dean " have leave she note and shit . 84 . parker why do she keep it ? be she try to make you jealous ? lynch I do not know . I think she just like get attention . X parker so she dumped you for a frat guy ? lynch R no . I dumped she . we be in the cafeteria , right ? and I be sit face she , face the wall ... and she be face everyone in the cafeteria behind I . and I a keep see she smile at someone behind I and like , almost laugh . so I be like , " who be you laugh at ? " you know ? like " what the hell be go on ? " and she 's like , " Dean 's make fun of m you . " ( beat ) so I turn around , and I be like ready to kick the shit out of this guy . and all I see be a sea of fuck random people . just all of this face . this guy could see I and be make eye with my D girlfriend ... but I could not see he . parker that 's mess up . E lynch I have never feel so stupid and bad in my life . ( then ) so I leave . parker you just walk out ? lynch yup . told she to go laugh with " Dean the frat guy " . I be out . parker that suck . 85 . lynch maybe ... maybe I should not have be so quick to walk out . maybe I need to have a thicker skin and not be such a sensitive bitch , I do not know . sometimes I think I be just insecure and maybe I X screw up . parker you should call she . when you get home . you could tell she that . R lynch I can not . ( laugh ) she 's dating Dean . a emotion have fight it 's way to the surface again . parker and Lynch share a nervous laugh together . she turn away from he . m after a few second , she laugh turn to tear . parker I should have do something . lynch there be nothing either of we could have do . D parker I sit here and let he die . lynch E no , you do not . we do not let he die . there be nothing we could have do . he jump down there to try and save we , ok ? parker he be the one . he be the boy I be gonna marry . lynch funny story . first grade , we all get leave there for the day by we mom 's . you know , alone in real school for the first time without we folk around . and Dan ... Dan be this sort of chubby kid when he be little ... 86 . parker laugh . lynch ( cont would ) Nah , fuck it . he be a fat ass . parker laugh harder . X lynch ( cont would ) and all the mom 's leave and he just would not let go of he mom 's hand . he just stand there after she leave , at the front of the room , cry R like a total pussy . parker sound like dan. a lynch you have no idea . but then , the teacher ... Mrs ... what be she name ? Mrs. schifrin ? she be try everything to get the fat kid to stop cry . and so she m say , " well Dan , be there anyone else in the class that you know ? " you know , like , " maybe there 's a friend you would like to sit with ? " and the fucker point right at I and say " he " ! I have never see this kid before in my life , you know ? but for whatever reason , he D point right at I . parker and so he have to sit with you ? E lynch for a week ! for my whole first week of school I be share my little cubby desk with he fat ass ! parker laugh through she tear . lynch ( cont would ) douchebag . I never let he forget it . parker I love he so much . Lynch be determine . 87 . lynch but if he die only for you and I to give up and die up here , that 's bullshit . parker yes . X lynch so I need you to pull it together , and we be gonna get out of this shit . we be gonna get out of this R for dan. alright ? parker yes . a Lynch bite he severely chap lip . lynch help I up . CUT to : m 77 ext . chair lift - moment later 77 Lynch feebly climb up on the chair back and reach up for the cable . lynch D ok .... let 's try this again . he steady himself on the chair , which sway in the wind . tight on the bolt connect the arm to the cable . the E metal be bend with a light squeaking sound . parker be you ok ? do you have it ? Lynch just grunt as he reach and try to steady himself on the chair that be swinging at a odd angle under he weight . the camera swivel up to reveal he shaky foot try to find foot on the chair back and the ground far below he . lynch rrruh ! he push off hard and grab on to the cabling . 88. as he foot push fast on the chair , it swing at a impossible angle . tight on the connect bolt as one of they snap ! parker oh my god ! X the chair lean hard to the right side , force parker to slide down into what be now the bottom corner of the chair . the chair be still in place , but it be now hang by one R bolt and at a severe angle . parker ( cont would ) Joe ! joe ! a Joe try to look back over he shoulder , struggle to keep himself on the cable against he own body weight and wet clothing . lynch shit ! hold on , just hold on ! m another grunt and Lynch make another big move forward . the camera boom up above he , shoot straight down at the distance between he dangle body and the freeze ground . tight on he glove hand as they slowly slide forward on the metal cable . D Lynch squeeze he eye shut and take another reach forward . behind he , parker look on in agony . she be hold she breath and whisper ... E parker ( whisper ) please God ... please God .... please God ... the metal arm above she groan under the pressure that the one remain bolt be under . look at the arm in this state , it be especially eerie to imagine how this metal chair even stay attach to the cable in the first place . Lynch take another move forward . lynch rrrugh ! 89 . parker you can do it . please do it . Lynch reach forward again ... and he hand slip on the icy cable . he momentarily hang by one arm . lynch X arrrrr ! parker joe ! R he reach up and grab hold again ... he strength be wean . lynch ( through gritt tooth ) get it . a another few quick reach forward and he be more than halfway across to the next chair . from Lynch 's point of view we can see he foot float above the earth and hear the sound of he own heart beat . his own m pain breathe fill he ear . it 's only now that he see two of the wolf watch he from the bush . lynch ( cont would ) motherfucker . D the wind blow hard against he , sway he body back and forth as he momentarily rest . lynch ( cont would ) I have get a audience . E parker look down , just in time to see one of the wolf duck back into the bush . her movement make the chair groan harder . the cable twang loudly between Lynch 's shaky movement and the twisted metal that hold the arm in place . parker the chair be gonna fall ! lynch no . no it 's not . slowly he make he way the remain distance and position himself over the other chair . 90 . he drop down onto it , send shard of ice cascade down into the snow below . he quickly sit down , breathe heavy and clutching the side of the chair . lynch ( cont would ) X take that Jenny bluth ! parker you make it ! R lynch not yet . halfway . he look behind he at the next chair . just a few foot back from it be the giant green lift pole ... and a ladder ! a lynch ( cont would ) please . he stand up on the chair and reach up to the cable . he be weak . m very weak . lynch ( cont would ) parker . I want you to throw my extra pole as far as you can this way . D she can not quite hear he . parker what ? E lynch I say throw my pole as far as you can this way . when I get on the ground I will need some defense . parker nod . she take Lynch 's ski pole and try to throw it as far as she can back at he . the action force another terrifying metallic groan from the arm above she , and she chair swing back and forth from the motion . parker oh shit . 91 . the pole land under the second chair , split the distance between where she be and where the tree be . parker ( cont would ) sorry . lynch X hey . halfway to I be better than up there with you , right ? ( to himself ) shit . R he start to pull himself up again , but turn back to parker one more time . the chair have settle down . a lynch ( cont would ) stay perfectly still . I be gonna get you home , ok ? he pull himself up , strain hard . m lynch ( cont would ) rrrrugh ! this get the wolf attention . in the bush they ear and eye perk up to the sky , watch they potential next meal grapple with the high wire cable . D with reserve strength , Lynch shimmy across the cable as quickly as he can . back at parker 's chair , she eye the bend metal bolt that E be keep she from plunging to the ground . tear stream down she face again . parker ( whisper ) please god , do not let I fall . do not let I fall . he stop once to catch he breath , but begin move as quickly as possible . finally , he reach the second chair behind they and drop down into it . look at the lift pole from this position , he can clearly see that it be not as close to the chair as it look . 92 . but it 's possible . lynch shit . parker need to yell to hear he now . X parker what ? lynch nothing . R he assess the situation . it 's go to take a big leap to try and get near the ladder and he be wind beyond belief . a parker what' wrong ? lynch nothing . i'm gonna go for it , ok ? m parker ... lynch ( to himself ) ok . D the two stare at each other from the distance . both of they weather beat face be a mess . parker be bury in the corner of the chair close to the ground , hold on to the back of it to keep herself steady . E stoically , Lynch turn away from she and take a deep breath . he climb up onto the chair back and look down . parker close she eye and pray . the wolf below do not break they stare . they hungry eye be willing Lynch to fall from the chair . it 's now or never . lynch ( cont would ) yaaaaugh ! he throw himself off of the chair and towards the ladder ! 93. he land and hook he arm around a rung . with a SNAP he arm dislocate from it 's socket , but he be hook on to the ladder ! lynch ( cont would ) rrrrugh ! X parker you did it ! you did it ! with he bad arm dangle by he side , Lynch work he way down the icy metal ladder . R finally he reach the ground and he body fall with a thud into the snow . lynch a oooof ! the wolf ' ear be at attention . they watch carefully from the safety of the bush . one , the leader , take a cautious single step forward and m wait . parker lynch !? lynch !!! ( then ) answer I !!! the wolf leader begin a dangerously slow and cautious walk D towards Lynch 's body . one step at a time . CUT to : E 78 ext . below the chair - continuous 78 as the camera track away from the approach wolf and towards Lynch ... it be reveal that he be only wind . he feel he body for damage , wince at what can only be a break rib or two . his right arm be twisted at a odd angle and by the look on Lynch 's face , it must be either break or fracture in addition to be dislocate . lynch parker . parker ( o.c . ) be you ok ? 94 . the wolf survey the situation and stop in he track . the other wolf watch from the bush . lynch i'm gonna go get help . i'm gonna get rescue . X CUT to : 79 ext . chair lift - continuous 79 R parker hurry . please . CUT to : a 80 ext . below the chair - continuous 80 Lynch get himself to he foot . his body be in massive pain , but he adrenaline be go strong enough for he to fight m through it . he move quickly back up to the area underneath the middle chair . the leader growl . drool drip down from beneath it 's hungry mouth as it take a step back . D parker ( o.c . ) no ! joe ! lynch i'm gonna get you help ! E the wolf leader advance on Lynch . Lynch make it to the ski pole just in time and brandish it defensively at the creature . lynch ( cont would ) come on ! try something , fucker ! the wolf stare back at he , growl . they eye be lock . Lynch swing the pole at it angrily . lynch ( cont would ) come on ! 95 . the leader shy away but growl harder . lynch ( cont would ) stay away ! SNAP ! X a second wolf rush Lynch from behind and grab he injure arm by the jacket and pull back and forth . lynch ( cont would ) argh ! R the rest of the wolf quickly reveal themselves in the bush and slowly saunter up towards the impending kill . CUT to : a 81 ext . chair lift - continuous 81 parker look from Lynch to the ground way below she . m parker ( cry ) joe ! CUT to : 82 ext . below the chair - continuous 82 D Lynch try to fight off the wolf with he free arm . finally , he be able to plunge the ski pole deep into the wolf 's body . E the wolf shriek in pain and scamper away towards the safety of the pack . the impending wolf , stop they slow march and wait . this food still have some fight leave in it . lynch ahhhhh ! stay the fuck away from I ! he move as fast as he can towards the area under parker 's chair , swinging he weapon like a madman all the while . the wolf only stare . 96 . finally , he reach the area and grab Dan 's snowboard , still stick up in the snow . lynch ( cont would ) parker , I be gonna go get help ! do not move and I will be back as fast as I can ! X parker sob . parker ok . R lynch just do not move ! I be get help ! without hesitation , Lynch throw down Dan 's board and lay a he body on top of it . push off he begin to slide quickly down the hill . CUT to : m 83 ext . chair lift - continuous 83 from parker 's Pov , she watch he disappear down the hill . but mere second later , the pack of wolf give chase and follow suit behind he over the horizon . only the creak of the strain metal chair arm can be D hear now . parker sob quietly to herself . dissolve to : E 84 ext . chair lift - early evening 84 from a distance , parker 's break chair dangle dangerously in the night air . her body be slump in the corner . still . dissolve to : 97 . 85 ext . chair lift - night 85 parker be not move in she chair . fade to black . X hard CUT to : 86 ext . chair lift - morning 86 R the morning sun hit parker 's pale face . be she dead ? parker open she eye . she must have drift off for the night . she look to the tree-line around she . a the sun be come up . she try to move she body to look back in Lynch 's direction and the chair argue back at she with another loud groan and cable noise . m parker ( to herself ) Lynch . there be no sign of anyone or anything in the direction down the hill behind she . slowly a look of great determination come over she face . D she raise the safety bar . there be no more time to think . E she be go to die one way or another . slowly , parker turn she body around towards the seat of the chair . holding on to the metal beam that make up the chair , she being to lower herself , inch by inch , off of the side . creeeee -eek ! the lone metal bolt protest the movement and make metallic threat to snap . parker keep lowering herself until she entire lower body be dangle below the chair . rrrrruuuuuurrr ! a gust of wind push against the chair , strain the arm . 98 . parker concentrate and slowly try to hold up she weight as she inch she body even lower . smoothly , slowly , almost there - SNAP ! the bolt give way ! the chair lurch down at a even great angle , send parker off of the side ! X parker ( cont would ) ahhhh ! whirrr ! wap ! no longer attach with the safety bolt , the R chair fall several foot and then stop . it be now hang only by the one weak thread of cabling that be use to initially wire it to the main line . parker 's hand catch at the base of the chair , and she be a dangle fully beneath it . while it be still a long drop ... she foot be now a good 10 foot closer to the ground , if not more . creeeeek ! the metal wire will not hold for more than a few m second . the chair be go to fall ! parker close she eye . all sound cut out except for she quick breathe and she heartbeat . the camera show we how much the last flimsy wire do not D like this movement as it stretch and the chair sway in the wind . slowly she look down and prepare herself to fall . E the camera inch closer in to she face from below . her heartbeat and breathe be all we hear until finally ... she let 's go . as she body fall from the chair , the flimsy wire finally give way and the rickety metal seat plummet straight down to the ground after she . CUT to : 99 . 87 ext . below the chair - continuous 87 thud ! parker land hard and sound instantly return to she . she roll to the side as the chair crash down in she very spot . X she be in tremendous pain but feel the solid ground beneath she like a sailor who have find land for the first time in year . surveying the damage - she ankle be badly break underneath R the side of the chair that land on it . her boot be at a unnatural angle . adrenaline overtake she pain as she lift the chair up and remove she foot from beneath it . a she look around for she snow board , but with all of the fresh snowfall it be bury and go . parker lay she body down flat on she jacket and begin to push herself down the mountainside as quickly as she can . m CUT to : 88 ext . just over the hill - morning , continuous 88 parker come down the hill , gain some speed on she awkward coat / sled . D as she make she way she spot a tree ... with bright red blood splay out in the snow around it . cautiously she slow herself down . E parker ( meekly ) Joe ...? from parker 's Pov , the camera slowly reveal what be just beyond the bloody tree ... but the look on parker 's face tell we everything we need to know first . there , in the brush on the side of the trail beyond the tree , be the pack of wolf . some still feed . other rest attentively . they be circle around Lynch 's bloody , half - eat remain . 100 . Quick shot of he jacket , he boot , and he glove hand all flash before parker 's devastate eye . she slow herself to a complete stop now . not know what to do . one of the feed wolf hear this and look back to see parker just a few foot away . it be the pack leader . Lynch 's blood pool from it 's jaw . it 's ear go back and it growl loudly at parker . R she make eye contact with the beast , who stare back at she , almost dare she to try and take it 's treasure . other from the pack look up , distract briefly , but then go back to feed . parker and the pack leader lock eye . finally , the leader turn away from parker , back to he food . back to he family . though she face be emotionless , parker 's eye be swollen with tear as she continue on she way down the mountain side . she be free . dissolve to : 89 ext . mount holliston - later 89 parker continue down the treacherous trail as the snow fall around she . occasionally she hit bump and turn that cause she to spill from she awkward coat / sled ... but she pull herself back on and continue to make she way down the hill stoically . dissolve to : 90 ext . chair lift line - later 90 parker reach the bottom of the hill . grunting and cry from the pain , she crawl over on she belly and begin to drag herself towards the parking lot . 101 . 91 ext . road - moment later 91 parker drag she devastate body into the street . just as she get there .... X beep ! a honking car race past with it 's windshield wiper blaring . narrowly miss be splatter , she collapse in the dirty road . there be no more car to be see . she be alone . a all that she can do be clutch the ground . and then ... another car approach in the distance . she hold she hand up weakly . parker please . stop. CUT to : 92 int . car - continuous 92 a driver ( male , 50' ) be cautiously drive down the wet icy road . he reach down to adjust the radio . he look back up to reveal parker 's body in the road in front of he . 93 ext . roadside - continuous 93 he swerve with a loud skid ! partially off the road in a skid , he car come to a stop . instantly he jump out and run to the body on the road . driver hey ! be you ok ?! hello ! parker be not move . 102 . he run over to she side . driver ( cont would ) Lady . be you alright ? parker look up at he and start to cry with relief . X driver ( cont would ) hold on , hold on - we be gonna get you help ... he lift she up into he arm and race she back to he car . CUT to : 94 int . car - moment later 94 the driver drive frantically , speak into he cell phone . driver ( into phone ) I do not know . I find she lay in the road alone . look like she be in some sort of accident . right outside of mount holliston . I be take she to you now . 95 ext . car , looking in - continuous 95 through the passenger side window we see parker 's blank face . if we do not know better , we would think she be a rotten cadaver at this point . reflected in the glass be the light of a papa gino be restaurant store front that go past . her eye blink at the sign . driver hold on , ma'am . the hospital be 10 minute away . you be gonna be ok . the camera be tighter on she eye . driver ( cont would ) you be gonna be ok . tight on just one eye . 103 . driver ( cont would ) ( now in Dan 's voice ) you be gonna be ok , baby . her eye close . CUT to black .