frozen river written by Courtney hunt fade in : 1 ext . INTERNATIONAL seaway bridge - day 1 a sign read " Bridge to Canada . " a steep 1940 's era custom bridge arch over the St. lawrence River . Cars and truck line up in different lane . custom official inspect and question impatient driver . Beyond they a smaller sign : " thank you for visiting massena new york , it work , for business , for family , for you " . 2 ext . below the bridge - day 2 the river stretch for mile in either direction , freeze , and still with tree on either side . 3 ext . ray' trailer yard , massena new york - day 3 ray eddy , 38 , a bit wear for she year , with a long red ponytail , wear a old bathrobe , sit in the passenger seat of she red plymouth horizon with the door open , smoking a cigarette , think . her breath be visible in the cold morning air . her bare foot rest on the cold ground . her 1970 's rusted out trailer home sit in front of she on cinder block at a slight tilt . beside it , a small shed and behind it the concrete foundation for a house . around she , the yard be litter with junk : a rusted ski lift chair , the front end of a plymouth duster and a smiling duck kiddie ride . Beyond the yard , flat , winterbare land . after a moment , a lanky boy of 15 , she son , troy , jr. , lean out the trailer door . t.j. we be out of capt and crunch . his breath be visible in the cold . ray just give he toast . 2 . t.j. we get no butter , we get no jelly . Ray be out of idea . he expect she to move , but she stay still . he look around the yard . t.j. ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? ray listen for the truck . t.j. be they really come ? ray yeah . t.j. where 's dad ? she be silent . t.j. ( cont 'd ) ( say it slow ) where 's dad ? she look at he . ray I do not know how he find it , t.j. t.j. found what ? Ray take a drag off she cigarette . t.j. walk over to the car . t.j. ( cont 'd ) the money ? ray I lock it in my glove compartment . t.j. look in at the OPEN and empty glove compartment . t.j. that be stupid . ray yeah , I see that now , but the truck be come before the bank open . 3. t.j. do you tell he you have it ? ray duh ? no , I guess he just sniff it out . t.j. Jesus Christ ! the glove compartment !? that 's the stupidest place you could have put it . ray he have not buy a scratch card in almost thirty two month . I think it would be okay ! t.j. do he leave anything ? she shake she head . t.j. ( cont 'd ) what be you gonna do ? ray nothing . t.j. you could look for he ? ray he could be anywhere . t.j. we should look for he . ray where ? t.j. the rez , ray with more than four thousand dollar , he 's probably in Atlantic City by now . t.j. so let 's go , let 's find he before he blow it all . ( cont 'd ) 4. ray I can not . t.j. what do you mean ? ray I just can not do it anymore . t.j. but he will lose it all . ray t.j. , we can not make he stop . t.j. he steal we money . call the trooper . ray it 's not steal if you take it from you family . anyway , he make some of it , too . t.j. so you be just gonna sit there ? ray I be sorry . in the distance the rumble of truck . Ray hear it . it get louder . t.j. another Christmas in the tin crapper . t.j. go into the shed and slam the door . Ray throw down she cigarette and go into the trailer . 4 int . ray' trailer - day 4 she look around the cramped trailer at the oversize rentaworld furniture include a big screen tv . a enlarge wall photograph of the family catch she eye . in it , she husband , troy , sr. , 40 , wear a force smile , he long , shaggy hair comb flat for the picture . Ray hurry down the hall to she bedroom and take off she bathrobe -- she have several tatoos -- and slide into a pair or jeans and a t-shirt . 5 . a sleepy -ey , toe-head boy , ricky , 5 , walk in , shirtless in pajama bottom , eye shine . ricky be it here ? Ray stop what she 's do when she see he and kneel down . ray hey , little sleepy head . ricky be it here yet ? ` Cause I be ready . he drag a suitcase full of plastic dinosaur around the corner . the rumble outside grow louder . ricky bolt out of the bedroom and down the hall to the trailer door . ray wait a sec - he burst into the yard where : 5 ext . ray' trailer - day 5 a pick - up truck draped with a " wide load " banner lead two semis haul halve of a double wide mobile home wrap in plastic , rippling in the wind . ricky stop at the massive sight , twist at he fly , try not to pee himself . t.j. come out of the shed . the double come to a stop and idle in the yard . guy versaille , pot-belly , in a green velour run suit , squeeze out of he truck . on the door : " massena modular and mobile home , new and reconditioned . " ricky grab a rope hang off one of the double and try to climb the side of it . the truck driver look down from he cab . t.j. ( to ricky ) get down . Ray peek out the kitchen curtain . 6 . after a moment she come out of the trailer , with a paste - on smile . ray we be all ready for ya ' . she point to the new concrete foundation . he consult a clipboard . versaille we will need the balloon payment to unload . t.j. look at Ray . ray we have it , it 's just that they call Troy from titus last night . that 's where Troy work . the ski place ? and anyway - versaille have you get the $ 4,372 dollar or not ? ray it be some emergency with the lift . so he take off without think with the money . completely forget you be come . so as soon as he get back - versaille when 's he gonna be back ? ray as soon as he can get here , I will just run it down to you . t.j. could crawl out of he skin . versaille ( ironic smile ) this be the second time you have drag I out here . if you do not come up with it by Christmas , you have lose you fifteen hundred dollar deposit . he walk toward he car . she follow he . ray look , Mr. versale , I have a good job at all for a dollar . they be probably gonna make I a manager after Christmas so I can handle the payment if you just leave the house - 7. he get in the car . versaille call I when you have the balloon payment . he make a circle in the air with he hand and the semi 's rev they engine and grind into reverse . ray I will call you ... her voice be drowned out by revving engine . ricky rush to she . ricky wait , where be they go ? she take he face in she hand . ray listen to I . we will get they back . ricky but why be they leave ? ray ricky , I will get they back . I promise , honey . ricky that 's we house ! he break away from she and run down the road chase after the semis . Ray chase after ricky until he run out of steam and stop , panting . she catch up to he and try to hug he . he push she away . she get down on she knee and take he face in she hand . ray we be gonna get it back . she pick he up and walk back to the trailer . ricky look out mournfully at the trailer disappear down the road . ray ( cont 'd ) ( to t.j. ) you better hurry or you be go to miss the bus . let 's get you clothes on , ricky . 8. t.j. just stare at she . t.j. I can get a job you know . ray you be 15 , t.j. t.j. they will not ask any question . ray you be finish school . t.j. come on , you do not think we can live on what you make at all for a dollar do you ? ray you be go to school . she go inside . t.j. follow . t.j. I bet I could make more than you do . she ignore he . 6 int . ray' trailer - day 6 Ray help ricky into he clothes and put he backpack on he back . ricky where 's daddy ? Ray and t.j. look at each other . ray he will be back . t.j. be not we even gonna look for he ? ray no ! I be go to work and you be go to school . t.j. that 's it ? 9 . ray the only thing that change be that you dad start gambling again . everything else be the same . ricky where do he go ? ray he have to take a business trip . t.j. roll he eye . t.j. be not you even gonna look for he ? ray and miss a day of work ? no. not again . we just have to live we life . now go get you backpack . t.j. stare , sullen . ray ( cont 'd ) go on ! ricky when be daddy come home ? ray I do not know , ricky . t.j. I can not believe you be not even gonna look for he . ray where ? where do I look ? ( he can not answer ) t.j. the reservation . ray I tell you , he could be in Atlantic City by now . she help ricky get he backpack on and give he a kiss . t.j. ( shake he head ) the glove compartment . that 's so stupid . ray you be go to school . 10 . he follow ricky out the door to catch the school bus roll up out front . suddenly , Ray remember : ray ( cont 'd ) wait , wait . they turn around . she dig in she pocket . ray ( cont 'd ) here . lunch money . they take it and keep run for the bus . Ray look after they and reach for she cigarettes . she take out she second to last one . she light it and take out she mascara . she try to put it on the bathroom mirror , but she tear keep get in the way . CUT to : 7 int . all for a dollar store - day 7 ray stack shelf with a knock - off version of plastic " my Little pony " in a messy aisle of box . matt , 22 , she boss , bone thin with bad skin walk by . ray ( soft ) Matt . could I talk to you ? he look at she . ray ( cont 'd ) I need to come on full - time . Matt blink with a blank expression then : matt I see you as a short timer . ray what be that ? matt a short timer . not here for long , not really commit . Ray follow he to the stock room . 11 . ray when I start you say it would be six month before I could come on full - time . and that be two year ago . he open a can of red bull and take a sip . matt it 's my opinion . ray well , I mean , you know , I do show up . Pat 's late everyday . she 's late now . she 's always late . he stare blankly at she . she can think of nothing else to say . he walk out . Ray resume unpack pony . a moment later PAT , 22 , rush in , look sorry . as Pat hang up she coat , Ray glimpsis a tatoo just above she low riding pants with the word " how you doin ' ? " . Ray take the last of she cigarettes out of the pack and head out the back door . ray ( cont 'd ) see ya ' tomorrow . 8 int . / ext horizon , route 37 - day 8 Ray drive down a two - lane highway . it be empty flat land but for a few trailer home and barn . she pass a lonely sign : " bridge to CANADA . " up ahead another sign : " akwesasne land of the mohawk . " from the car , the reservation consist of shabby house with no siding , tax - free gas station and dive bar with homemade sign . Ray slow a little to check out the parking lot scan for she husband 's car . up ahead she see a sign : " wolf mart tax free gas and cigarettes . 9 ext . wolf mart gas station - day 9 Ray pull in to the combo gas station , restaurant and mini mart . 12 . a mohawk teenager wear a bandana run out to the car without a coat , rub he hand together to ward off the cold . mohawk teenager fill it up ? she roll down the window , digging for change under the seat of she car . she count it out . ray just three ...uh , no ... two seventy one , two , three , four . mohawk teenager two seventy four . he nod and go to the pump . she find a wad up five dollar bill . ray ( yell out window ) make that seven seventy four . she spot a sign for " trailway " bus in the window . ray ( cont 'd ) do you see a Blue acclaim come in here last night ? mohawk teenager Blue acclaim ...no , but I only work until 9 pm . you can ask inside . Ray glance inside at the mostly empty restaurant but for a few older Mohawk woman . ray no , that 's okay . mohawk teenager do you want to support we mosquito lacrosse League . it teach basic lacrosse skill to the kid three to five . Ray shake she head . mohawk teenager ( cont 'd ) thanks , anyway . have a good day . 13 . 10 int . / ext . route 37 indian reservation - day 10 Ray continue down the highway through the reservation . she come to a huge warehouse , the " mohawk bingo palace . " she glance over at the sea of car surround it . at the end of a row she spot it : a blue acclaim . Ray abruptly turn in . 11 ext . mohawk bingo palace parking lot - day 11 Ray pull up alongside the acclaim and recognize it by the " easy doe it " bumper sticker . she get out and look inside . there be a small plastic t- rex on the floor of the backseat . she lean against the car for a moment . ray thank you . oh God , thank you , thank you thank you ... after a moment Ray look up at the bingo Palace and head for the entrance . ray ( cont 'd ) you son of a bitch ! 12 int . bingo palace entrance - day 12 a short , chubby mohawk ticket taker in she 60 , with pierce blue eye and miss tooth sit perch on a metal chair beside a velvet rope . ticket taker sunrise session be almost over . next session start at 10:30 . ray I just need to look inside . Ray start to walk toward the door and the ticket taker stick out she foot . ticker taker it 's $ 5 dollar for admission . 14 . ray I do not want to play , I just need to look around for a second . ticket taker I be gonna need the five . ray I will stand right here at the door . I will not even go inside . I just need to see if my husband 's in there . ticket taker you still gotta pay admission . ray he 's gambling away the money for we house . ticket taker what do he look like ? ray Long brown hair . tall. skinny . ponytail . ticket taker he 's not in there . ray can I just look ? ticket taker I tell you , lady , he 's not in there . Ray walk away . the ticket taker watch she . 13 ext . mohawk bingo palace , parking lot - day 13 Ray walk out of the front entrance back across the parking lot toward the Horizon through row of car ... across the parking lot , lila littlewolf , 20 , a Mohawk girl with long black hair burst out of the " employee entrance " and hurry across the parking lot pull off she scratch card apron as she walk . Ray catch sight of she , but before Ray reach the Horizon , lila reach the acclaim , get in it and back out . ray hey ! 15 . but lila drive off . Ray jump back in the Horizon and take off after her . 14 ext . reservation road - day 14 Ray follow the acclaim down Route 37 and catch sight of it turn off on a dirt road . Ray make the corner just in time to catch sight of the acclaim bounce off on a path through the wood . Ray follow it through the wood to a clear : the acclaim stop in front of a rusted out bubble camper . lila get out . Ray pull up behind she and roll down she window . ray that 's my car . lila spin around . lila huh ? ray ( point to the acclaim ) what be you do with my car ? lila finger the key in she hand . lila that ? I find it . ray you steal it . lila the key be in it . ray so you just take it ...? lila go in the bubble camper and shut the door behind she . Ray get out of the Horizon and walk up to the camper door and take out she cell phone . ray ( cont 'd ) we will just see what the trooper say about that . 16 . lila ( o.s. ) ( from inside camper ) go ahead , they get no jurisdiction here . this be Mohawk territory . Ray stop dial close up she phone , then go to she car and take the gun and go back to the camper . ray ( knock with the gun ) you can cut the bullshit and give I my key now . there be no reponse . Ray wait for a moment and then : ray ( cont 'd ) ( low voice ) Troy , be you in there ? there be no response . ray ( cont 'd ) if you be in there you better come out . 15 int . lila camper - day 15 lila sit on a army cot in the dingy camper next to a lamp on the floor . her clothes be scattered among empty pringles can . ray ( o.s. ) ( tentative , control ) Troy ? versale say as long as we get the money in by Christmas we will not lose the deposit . ( pause ) I think we need to talk about this , so come on out . ( pause ) Troy ? Troy ? 16 ext . lila camper - day 16 Ray aim the gun and fire into the camper door . 17 int . lila camper - day 17 the shock of the blast throw lila off the cot . she look at the smoking hole . ray ( o.s. ) I be not kid , honey , come on out . 17 . 18 ext . lila camper - day 18 keeping behind the door for cover , lila open it . Ray look inside : there be no sign of Troy . lila ( from behind the door ) the tribal police do not like people shoot hole in other people 's house . Ray look at she . ray this be New York State so quit the bullshit and give I my damn key ! lila throw the key out the door . Ray pick they up off the ground . lila shut the door with she foot . 19 ext . lila camper - day 19 Ray get in the Horizon and pull it in behind the acclaim then dig in the trunk , pull out a rope . she tie one end to the acclaim 's back fender and the other to the Horizon 's front fender . lila watch out the camper window . Ray get in the acclaim and start it up slowly towing the Horizon a few foot before the rope snap . Ray get out and look at the break rope . she begin digging in the trunk for more rope . lila open the camper door and look at the bullet hole . lila this camper belong to my brother in law . he will not like this . ray ( over she shoulder ) then you should quit steal car . lila I think it be abandon , the guy drive it get on a bus . Ray stop . ray do you see where the bus be head ? 18 . lila New York or buffalo , I be not sure . Ray re-ties the tow line with the remain rope . this time the Horizon go a inch or two before the rope snap . Ray get out . ray ( under she breath ) shit ! Ray rifle through the trunk for more rope . " Home on the Range " play on the cell phone in Ray 's back pocket . lila touch the bullet hole in the camper and listen to Ray 's conversation from the doorway . Ray put the phone back in she pocket and take a old belt of she husband and try to attach the fender of the car . Ray get back in the acclaim and try towing the Horizon once again . this time the right side of the front fender snap off and droops to one side . Ray get out and look at lila . ray ( cont 'd ) I be not leave this here . lila ( point at the acclaim ) I get a friend who might buy that . ray it 's not for sale . lila he will pay more than it 's worth . Ray ignore she . lila ( cont 'd ) maybe two thousand . ray why 's that ? 19 . lila he 's always look for car with button - release trunk . Ray think about it . lila ( cont 'd ) he do not need papers or anything . ray do he use they to rob bank or something ? lila shrug . lila all I know be he pay good for a car like this . ray where do he live ? lila through the wood . not far . ray what 's in it for you ? lila he will give I something for find it . ray if you try anything , I be not afraid to use this . lila yeah . 20 int . acclaim in reservation wood - day 20 Ray drive with one hand and hold the gun with the other . it be point at lila in the passenger seat . lila turn up there . ray where ? lila where that stump be . 20 . Ray make the turn with one hand and the car bounce through a overgrown path in the wood . Ray reach the stump . ray ( nervous ) there 's no road . lila there 's a path . Ray hesitates . lila ( cont 'd ) it 's not far . Ray turn and drive into deeper wood . the gun jiggle around in Ray 's hand as they bounce along between the tree . lila try to ignore it . 21 ext . acclaim at boat ramp - day 21 the car emerge from the wood at a boat ramp lead to a mile - wide section of the frozen ST . lawrence river . 22 int . acclaim at boat ramp - day 22 Ray look out at the ice . Tire track make a path across the snow - cover surface between carefully set out CUT evergreen tree . lila not too fast . there 's rut . ray I be not crossing that ! lila do not worry they already put out the Christmas tree . there 's no black ice . ray that 's Canada . lila no , it 's Mohawk land . the rez be on both side of the river . ray what about the border patrol ? 21 . lila there 's no border . ray I be still not crossing that . lila do not worry , it will hold a plymouth . I have see semis cross it . Ray look at lila suspiciously . lila ( cont 'd ) the only other way be the cornwall bridge and they will not let you take that . ( point at the gun ) . suddenly , a truck drive by a mohawk teenager roar out of the wood and swerve around the acclaim fishtailing then speed out across the ice . lila ( cont 'd ) they plow it and everything . cautiously , Ray let off the brake and roll down the boat ramp towards the smooth surface of the river . ray ( under she breath ) this be so fuckin ' stupid . lila not too fast , there be rut . 23 ext . acclaim on frozen river - day 23 the acclaim move across the smooth surface of the river . 24 int . acclaim on frozen river - day 24 Ray stare straight ahead clutching the wheel , barely breathe . lila glance at the gun in Ray 's hand , then out at the river , unfaze . they reach the midpoint of the river and pass it silently . lila you gotta pick up some speed to get up the bank . 22 . Ray speed up . the acclaim bounce up the steep bank . lila ( cont 'd ) it 's just on the other side of that tree . 25 ext . / int . acclaim at jimmy garage lot - day 25 Ray and lila pull into a use - car lot surround by a chain link fence . there be no sign of life . Ray stop . lila honk the horn . Ray honk . suddenly , from under a gut truck , a huge black dog , part wolf , spring onto the hood of the acclaim . Ray be pin against she seat at the sight of the dog . lila grab the gun out of she hand and point it at Ray . lila ( cont 'd ) just keep you mouth shut . Ray stare at the snarling dog . lila ( cont 'd ) just keep it shut . okay ? Ray nod never take she eye off the dog . lila honk the horn again and keep the gun low and out of sight . out of the garage come jimmy , 33 , a stocky Mohawk , eat a sandwich . Jimmy look suspiciously at Ray before he see lila . Thunder growl . jimmy Thunder ! shut up !. the dog growls ferociously at Ray . jimmy ( cont 'd ) get back under there ! Thunder jump off the hood and disappear back under the trunk . 23 . Jimmy walk around to the passenger side of the car . lila roll down she window . lila hi , Jimmy . Jimmy glance at Ray . jimmy he do not like white , lila . lila sorry . jimmy and you late . lila sorry . jimmy I should not even be deal with you . lila I know . sorry . he hand she a paper bag . Jimmy go back to the garage and open the door . two young chinese men in cheap jogging suit follow he out , look around . 26 int . acclaim jimmy garage lot - day 26 lila hand the paper bag to Ray and point the gun at she , keep it low and out of sight . lila Count it . ray what 's go on here ? lila just count it . Ray open the bag . it 's full of cash . all fifty and hundred . Ray count it . lila ( cont 'd ) how much be there ? 24 . ray twelve hundred . lila open the glove compartment and press the trunk release . Jimmy motion to the chinese man to get in the trunk . Jimmy shut it . he tap twice on the hood of the car and walk back to the garage . lila ( to Ray ) let 's go . ray wait , who the fuck be they ? lila just back up . ray I be not move until that people get out of my trunk . lila I will give you half . now let 's go . Jimmy turn around , see the two woman argue and get suspicious . lila ( cont 'd ) let 's go ! ray I be not take they over the border . that 's a crime . lila there 's no border here . this be free trade between nation . ray this be not a nation . lila jam the gun into Ray 's side . lila ( under she breath ) let 's go . Jimmy start back toward the car . Ray put the car in reverse and back up . 25 . 27 ext . acclaim on frozen river - day 27 the acclaim drive down the bank onto the freeze river and start across . 28 int . acclaim on frozen river - day 28 Ray drive . lila sit angle toward Ray with the gun train on she . lila why would you husband leave you ? ray fuck you . lila maybe he want a young woman . Ray stare out at the ice . lila ( cont 'd ) that 's what usually happen . Ray say nothing . lila ( cont 'd ) I never have to worry about that . my husband be dead . go down in the river on a run . they never find he . probably tangle in river weed . she give Ray a spooky look . lila ( cont 'd ) you better slow down there be rut out here . you could get stick in one . Ray speed up and roar up the boat ramp off the ice skid a little . 29 ext . acclaim in reservation wood - day 29 Ray and lila bounce through the wood with lila hold the gun , this time . they come to a dirt road then to a intersection with State Route 37 . a sign read : " you be leaving akwesasne , land of the mohawk " . 26 . 30 int . acclaim on route 37 - day 30 Ray slow down at the sign . lila keep go . ray what if the trooper stop we . lila they will not stop you . you be white . Ray keep go . 31 ext . route 37 , the reservation line - day 31 just beyond the reservation line , partly hide behind a barn , a new york state trooper vehicle sit park . 32 ext . bob be motel , massena , new york - day 32 Ray pull into a 1950s strip motel . a pakistani man , the dealer , look out from the motel office . 33 int . acclaim at bob be motel - day 33 Ray see the Dealer hurry towards they . lila pull around back then wait for he to come to the window . lila keep the gun low . the Dealer approach cautiously . lila ( cont 'd ) Roll down you window . he walk up slowly and hand she a brown paper bag . lila ( cont 'd ) Count it . Ray open the bag and count out the cash , as before . ray twelve hundred . 27 . lila take the cash from Ray and pop the trunk release . the two chinese man hurry out . the Dealer usher they into a garage . lila let 's go . 34 int . acclaim on route 37 - day 34 Ray and lila return down Route 37 past the sign " akwesasne , land of the mohawk " lila keep the gun on Ray . lila turn down there . Ray look at the dirt road lead into the wood . lila ( cont 'd ) stop here . Ray stop . lila ( cont 'd ) now open the door . Ray hesitates . lila jam the gun in she side . lila ( cont 'd ) open the door . Ray open the door . lila ( cont 'd ) now get out . Ray do not move . ray you can not have my car . lila get out . ray you can not have my car . lila try to push Ray out the driver 's door with she foot . Ray cling to the steering wheel . 28 . ray ( cont 'd ) no ! suddenly , Ray grab lila by the hair and pull she head down to the car seat . lila hit Ray in the head with the gun . ray ( cont 'd ) ( gasp ) fuckin ' bitch ! bleed and hold lila 's hair , Ray pries the gun out of lila 's hand . lila grab the sack of money , jump out of the passenger side of the car and take off into the wood . Ray chase she , but lila be faster and get ahead , then disappear into the wood . Ray stop , panting , and wipe the blood from she forehead . ray ( cont 'd ) ( call after she ) Little bitch ! Ray stare after she for a long moment then get back in the acclaim . 35 ext . ray' trailer yard - day 35 Ray drive up in the acclaim . t.j. , wear protective goggle , work on the break duck kiddie ride with a blow torch . he do not notice Ray . Ray cover over the cut with she hair and get out and walk up behind he and tap he on the shoulder . he jump and cut the flame . ray I tell you not to use that thing when I be not here . t.j. if I get it work I can sell it . she look at the rusted piece of it . ray I do not care . do not use that thing when I be not here ! 29 . t.j. rentaworld call . they be come to get the tv if you do not pay by four tomorrow . he notice the car . t.j. ( cont 'd ) do you find he ? ray no. t.j. where be the car ? ray at the bus stop on the rez . t.j. I bet he go to Atlantic City . ray you do not know that . t.j. yeah , but you could figure it out . just find out what bus come through last - ray and then what ? chase he across the country . miss work . no. t.j. what happen to you face ? ray nothin ' . t.j. what , do you get in a fight with somebody ? ray it be no big deal . t.j. you get in a fight , for real ? ray some indian chick try to steal you dad 's car . 30 . t.j. no way . I say we go back there and kick some Mohawk ass . ray it do not matter . t.j. where 's you car ? ray I will get it tomorrow . t.j. you leave it on the rez ? that 's so stupid . ray I do not have a tow rope . t.j. I still say we go back there and kick some Mohawk ass . ray forget it t.j. do you and ricky eat ? t.j. that would be kinda miraculous since there 's no food in the house . ray there 's food . t.j. popcorn and Tang . Ray go towards the trailer . 36 ext . mohawk used car lot - night 36 lila walk in off the road . mike , the owner , play a handheld video game . she look around the lot . mike ( in Mohawk ) hi , lila lila ( in Mohawk ) Mike . 31 . she glance at a row of beat use car . mike how 's life at the bingo Palace . lila good . how 's business ? mike oh , you know , okay . she eye a malibu . lila how much for that one ? mike come on , lila . lila what ?! I have be save up . mike you know what . lila do bernie littlewolf run you whole life ? mike no , but he say not to sell you a car . lila I gotta walk down 37 with the semis kickin ' up snow and mud in my hair just to get to the work . mike for you , all I get be two chevettes , a Horizon and a Civic . lila I do not like chevettes . mike I figure . she hold out a wad of cash . lila I will give you a thousand for the malibu . on the windshield of the malibu in huge white letter : $ 750 . 32 . mike nothing with a trunk . lila that thing have be sittin ' here for six month . mike I do not want bernie in my face . okay ? lila he do not have to know . Mike roll he eye . 37 int . ray' trailer - day 37 Ray wake up with ricky stare at she . ricky mommy , I be think . what 's gonna happen to the tin crapper when we get we new house ? ray ( half asleep ) they be gonna flatten it out and send it to China . ricky then what ? ray they be gonna melt it down and make little toy out if it . ricky then what ? ray they will send they back here so I can sell they at all for a dollar . ricky and you can buy I some ? ray that 's right . ricky yes ! 33. 38 int . ray' trailer , kitchen - day 38 Ray put out a breakfast spread of microwave popcorn and tang . t.j. I be not eatin ' that again for dinner . ray we just have to make it to my paycheck on Friday . t.j. what about rentacenter ? she search through the couch cushion . ray what about they ? t.j. they say they be come to get the furniture if they do not get a payment by 4 o'clock . ray you tell I that already . she find change and hand it to he . ray ( cont 'd ) here , lunch money . she give the rest to ricky . t.j. look I do not see why you will not just let I get a job with Mitch . ray ( to t.j. ) who 's Mitch . t.j. he 's get like this whole business he run . ray he sell pot to kid ? t.j. no , it 's computer . he work on computer . 34 . ray you be fifteen , it 's not gonna happen so forget it . t.j. that 's so stupid . we be gonna lose the tv while I be sit in some Christmas assembly when I could be - ray you job be look after you brother . who 's gonna take care of he ? t.j. ( go out the door ) I still say we should go back to the rez , get the Horizon and kick some serious butt . t.j. go out the door behind ricky and slam it in Ray 's face . Ray slip into she jeans and go to the bathroom mirror to put on she mascara . she cake it on try to ignore the cut over she eye but keep look at it . finally she stop and stare at herself . CUT to : 39 ext . lila camper - day 39 Ray pull up in front of the camper and stop . the Horizon be still there and all be quiet . Ray get out hold the gun and a long rope go to the bumper and begin to tie it to the other bumper , look over she shoulder every once in while at the camper . once she have tie the car together she get back into the acclaim , but instead of drive off , she just sit there . after a moment , she get out with the gun and walk up to the camper . the bullet hole in the door have a sock stuff in it . ray ( low tone ) I want my part . 35 . 40 int . lila camper - day 40 lila be asleep next to a rattling propane heater . ray ( o.s. ) ( knock with the gun ) you hear I ! lila 's eye pop open but she stay perfectly still . Ray shake the door handle . ray ( cont 'd ) I want my part . lila sit up on she cot and put on she jacket . ray ( cont 'd ) I want my part . lila I will give you the money if you give I the car . ray no way . lila the money 's go . ray then I wanna get some more of that chinese . the door open . Ray step back hold the gun . they look at each other . lila it 's gonna cost I to get that hole fix . I froze last night . Ray hold up she hair revealing the cut over she eye . ray I just need enough for the balloon payment on my doublewide then I be out of this . I be no criminal . lila it 's not a crime . ray you people can call it what you want to . I just want my double . 36 . they stand stare at each other for a long moment , then Ray walk over and unty the rope around the bumper of the acclaim and the Horizon . lila I do not usually work with white . ray suit yourself . Ray get in the driver 's side of the acclaim and start it . after a moment , lila get in the passenger side . 41 ext . acclaim on frozen river - day 41 Ray and lila drive across the smooth surface of the river . Ray smoke with one hand and hold the gun with the other . lila how many bedroom ? ray Three . I get kid . lila how old ? ray five and Fifteen . lila I get a boy . almost one . Ray look at she . lila ( cont 'd ) he life with my mother - in-law . ( after a moment ) she steal he from I . ray stole he ? lila yeah . right out of the hospital . ray stole he ? 37 . lila tribal police do not get involved in stuff like that . lila look out across the river at dusk with no expression . the ice look clean and still . Ray pick up speed to climb the river bank . 42 ext . jimmy garage - day 42 Ray and lila drive up in the acclaim . Thunder spring out again , catch by he chain just short of the car . Ray flinch but keep hold of the gun . Jimmy walk out to meet they . lila roll down she window . jimmy bernie be askin ' if I would see you . I tell he no . lila thanks . jimmy I do not want any trouble with he , lila . lila do not worry about it . Jimmy 's cell phone ring . jimmy this guy 's be call all morning . he 's get two up at the Old casino . lila okay . Jimmy take the call . 43 int . acclaim at jimmy garage - day 43 lila roll up the window . ray what 's go on ? lila we gotta pick they up . 38 . ray ( hesitates ) where ? lila not far . ray where 's that ? lila a old casino through the wood . they use to have gambling there in the bootlegger day . 44 ext . cornwall island wood , old casino - night 44 Ray and lila bounce through the wood to a collapse building . a old black suv pull up from the opposite direction , facing they . two middle - aged chinese men , get out of the back . one carry a envelope . at the sight of Ray and lila , he stop and say something to the other one . both turn around and head back to the suv . the driver jacque bruno , a large quebecois man , wear a full - length fur coat get out . they argue . he pull out a long pistol and motion the man to the acclaim . ray what the hell be he do ? Ray reach for she gun . lila keep that thing down . bruno walk towards the acclaim . lila ( cont 'd ) Roll down the window and see what he want . ray what the hell be go on here ? lila just roll it down . 39 . bruno stand at Ray 's window . Ray slide the gun under she leg and roll down the window . bruno hand she a Tim Horton 's bag . she take it . bruno ( Quebec - french accent ) D 'ey do not like de woman driver . he hand Ray the envelope of cash . lila Count it . Ray nervously count the money as the chinese man shiver outside . ray twelve hundred . lila pop the trunk . bruno and the chinese man disappear around the back of the acclaim . they hear the trunk shut . bruno come back to Ray 's window and tap on it . Ray look at lila . lila open it . Ray roll down the window again . bruno d'is will keep d'em from run . he hand she men' shoe and dirty sock . Ray take the belonging and roll up the window and drive away . 45 int . acclaim on frozen river - day 45 Ray drive across the river . the sock and shoe be between they . ray why would they want to run ? lila to get away from the snakehead . 40 . ray what 's that ? lila the snakehead pay to get they here and then they gotta work off what they owe . ray how much do it cost ? lila forty , fifty thousand . depend where they be come from . ray to get here ? lila sometimes they gotta work for year to pay it off . ray ( disbelief ) to get here ? no fuckin ' way . she get a whiff of the sock . ray ( cont 'd ) God that be ripe . she throw they into the backseat . lila they always stink . two more car be see come toward they on the river . they swerve wide to avoid the acclaim . she speed up to make it up the boat launch . 46 int . ray' trailer , kitchen - day 46 ricky watch cartoon on the big screen tv . t.j. flip through the telephone book to the back section : akwesasne and scan column of name mostly either " bonaparte " " littlewolf " or " threeriver " . he choose a name and dial the number . t.j. - hello ( in a grow - up voice ) be this Mrs. irene threeriver ? - Mrs. bonaparte , I have good news . ( more ) 41 . t.j. ( cont 'd ) - I be the business manager of Mr. e.f. threeriver and I have be authorize to inform you that you have inherite money . - be you still there ? - wait , I do not want any money , I want to give you money . - that 's right . you have inherite money from he computer fortune . - he be the second richest man next to Bill Gates . - he leave you twenty -six thousand seven hundred and fifty dollar . ( pause ) - twenty -six thousand seven hundre and fifty dollar ! - oh no , you have no obligation whatsoever , Mrs. threeriver , just a small processing fee of 29.00 dollar will authorize I to send out you first payment of thirteen - thousand three hundred and seventy five dollar . - you can put it on any major credit card . ( pause ) of course , you can always refuse the money . - sure , I can hold . t.j. hold he pen poise to write and look at ricky watch tv , then at the clock . it read 3:40 pm . 47 ext . acclaim on route 37 - day 47 the acclaim emerge from a dirt road onto State Route 37 . up ahead a sign read : " you be now leaving akwesasne , land of the mohawk " . the acclaim drive past . 48 ext . route 37 , the reservation line - day 48 sitting in he New York State trooper vehicle , partly hide behind a billboard , trooper mike napoli , mid 40s , olive -skin , watch the acclaim drive by without expression . 49 int . acclaim on route 37 - day 49 Ray notice the vehicle . ray be they always there ? 42 . lila yeah , but they can not stop you unless you give they a reason . ray have you ever get catch ? lila once . ray what happen ? lila they give I the choice of pay a fine or spend three month in jail . ray what do you do ? lila I pay the fine . I make the money back in two night of smuggle . but back then it be cigarettes and everybody do it . some of the trooper be into it , too . ray smuggle ? lila yeah . but when they lower the tax on cigarettes in Canada most people get out of it and the rest switch over to chinese . 50 ext . bob be motel - night 50 the acclaim pull around back . the pakistani Dealer approach the car and hand Ray a paper bag full of cash . 51 int . acclaim at bob be motel - night 51 Ray take the money . lila Count it . ray right , I know . 43. lila well , be sure it 's right . I do not wanna get stiffe . ray then why do not you count it ? lila I get bad eye . she count it and nod at lila . lila pop the trunk and the barefoot chinese man get out . Ray and lila look at they , they look back , blank and ungrateful . Ray roll down the window and toss out they shoe and sock . ray you be welcome . Ray swerve back out onto Route 37 . 52 ext . route 37 indian reservation - same 52 they continue down the road to the reservation line . after they pass the sign : you be entering the land of the mohawk , Ray pull over and stop . Ray take the money and consolidate it into one paper bag . lila what about mine ? ray we be even now . they stare at each other for a second or two , but Ray do not take out the gun . lila reach for the door handle lila get out . Ray drive away . 53 ext . ray' trailer yard - day 53 the kitchen clock read 3:55 . 44 . a rentaworld truck be park outside . two large rentaworld men sit in it . t.j. see they from inside the trailer . he come outside . he walk up to the trunk . one of the man roll down the window . t.j. my mom tell I to give you she credit card number . rentacenter man ( weary ) we only take cash or money order . t.j. well , my Mom might be late . rentacenter man she 's get three minute . t.j. go back inside . 54 int . ray' trailer - day 54 ricky be glue to a cartoon . t.j. watch he , check out the window every few second for Ray . a long moment pass with only the sound from the cartoon . 55 ext . ray' trailer yard - day 55 the rentaworld man get out of the car and start toward the trailer . from down the road the acclaim come roaring along , kick up dust . Ray swerve in and jump out and run up to the man . ray it 's okay . I get it right here . ( she wave a wad of fifty and twenty ) . two fifty five , right ? the man nod , relieved . Ray count out the money . ricky burst out the door and run towards Ray . ricky mommy ! 45 . she catch he in she arm and hug he . t.j. stand at the trailer door , watch as the man drive away . ray ( to ricky ) who want to go the price chopper and get some cap and crunch ? ricky I do ! ray wanna to go to the price chopper ? t.j. walk out , look at the money suspiciously . t.j. where would you get that ? ray ( a beat ) Matt make I a assistant manager . t.j. no way . ray be that so hard to believe ? t.j. it 's be like two year . ray exactly , and that 's why he give I a bonus . he be not convinced . ray ( cont 'd ) do you wanna go to the price chopper or not ? t.j. get in the car . 56 ext . house on point - night 56 near the river , smoke curl from the chimney of a modest house . lila perches in a tree nearby with a can of pringles potato chip drop every other one on the ground below where a huge white dog , part wolf , take he share . 46 . from the tree lila look inside the window of the house where : a baby boy , " little jake , " about a year old , bang he spoon on he high chair tray then throw it down . evelyn littlewolf , 48 , a tall thin Mohawk woman with long hair pull back , pick it up and give it back to he . he throw it again . she know the game . she give it back , but the third time she hold it just out of he reach and laugh at he . he bang he fist on the tray . lila drink in the sight . abruptly , the door open and evelyn lean out . evelyn chance ! chance , get in here before you freeze you ass off . the White Dog look up at lila who shake the pringles can upside down to show it 's empty . chance go inside . the door shut behind he . lila stuff a wad of cash in the can and jump down from the tree . she leave it near the front door and hurry into the wood . CUT to : 57 int . t.j. and ricky's bedroom - night 57 Ray tuck ricky into the bottom bunk . the wind whine in the loose siding . Ray stuff a blanket around the window to block the draft . 58 int . ray' trailer , live room - night 58 Ray walk through the kitchen now full of grocery and open a can of adirondack cola . the remain of two hungry man dinner sit on the table . she sit down in the live room . t.j. watch the local weather . 47 . weather man ( o.s. ) temps will dip tonight and tomorrow . expect a clipper from Northern Ontario to bring 8 to 12 inch of snow and wind gust 25 - 45 mile a hour make it feel like minus 30 . Area farmer be advise to bring in livestock . more on this after a message . a blaring tv commercial for the " hot wheel tech trax AIR stunt challenge set " come on . t.j. that 's what he want . ray what ? he point at the tv . t.j. for Christmas . ray what be it , again ? t.j. ( recite it quick ) hot wheel tech trax Air stunt challenge set . ray - hot wheel tech trax , what ? t.j. air-stunt-challenge-set. ray I get something even better than that . t.j. what ? ray the double wide . but do not mention it to ricky , just in case . t.j. yeah , " just in case . " ray this time be for real . 48 . t.j. be that why you buy calgon bath stuff ? ray yes it be . we be get a tub , t.j . it 's gonna happen . t.j. yeah , right . ray if you keep that attitude I will never let you use it . t.j. be afraid . be very afraid . ( a moment ) what about dad ? ray what about he ? t.j. what be you gonna do ? ray why , do he call break yet ? t.j. no , but maybe he would call if you be not so bitter . ray oh , here we go again with Saint dad . t.j. that 's what I mean . you be always on he . " where 's you paycheck , do you need a meeting , give I you receipt . " ray he 's a addict , t.j. t.j. you be still bitter . ray you gotta help ricky get the tree up tomorrow after school okay ? t.j. where be you go ? ray Christmas shopping . 49 . 59 int . ray' trailer , bedroom - night 59 Ray lay down she bed and check she cell phone for new message : a little zero blink at she . she listen to she own cell phone message , ray' voice hi , it 's I . leave a message , and maybe I will call ya back . it be harsh . she erase it and try again . ray ( fake cheerful ) hi .... it 's I ... leave a message and I will call ya ' back . she play it back . it sound fake . she try again . ray ( cont 'd ) ( less cheerful , force ) hey , leave I a message and I will call ya ' back . ( under she breath ) you son of a bitch . she play it back . " you son of a ... " be record . she try again . ray ( cont 'd ) hi , it 's I . I can not take the call right now , but if it 's you , Troy , please at least tell I you be alive , because the boy be worried about you . she bring up old message on she cell phone and listen to one . troy ( o.s. ) hey , I just get do here . I make two hour overtime fix one of the snow - make machine . pretty cool , huh ? I will be home late . I be gonna catch that meeting at 7:30 . Love you , bye . Ray stare across the room at a pile of Troy 's dirty flannel shirt . she get up and pick up the pile to move it to the closet , but feel something hard . from a shirt pocket she pull out a stack of use scratch card . she throw the shirt in the closet and reach for she cigarettes . 50 . she take out a glossy picture of she double wide dream home , " the commodore " a gleam pre-fab structure with a landscape yard and a family with pay - for smile . after a moment she take the wad of cash out of she pocket and begin make stack of fifty and twenty . 60 ext . lila camper - day 60 the camper be bury in snow . a shiny suv pull up out front . bernie littlewolf , 35 , burly , well - dress , Mohawk man get out . he yell across the yard bernie lila . get up . I get a job for you ! 61 int . lila camper - day 61 lila be sound asleep on she cot under three blanket next to the propane heater . bernie 's snow ball thump against the side of the camper . bernie ( o.s. ) lila ! get up . lila open she eye and look out the window , squinting at the snow glare . bernie ( cont 'd ) they get two people out sick today , so if you get down there you get the job . lila huh ? bernie get dress , I get coffee . let 's go ! he hold up a paper cup . she slip on she jeans with a sweatshirt ... 62 ext . lila camper - day 62 lila force the door open against the heavy snow and step outside . 51 . lila where be it ? bernie get in , I will tell you on the way . she grab she coat and trudge across the yard . 63 int . bernie be suv - day 63 bernie hand she a paper cup of coffee . bernie rita say you quit . lila she fire I . bernie that 's not what she say . lila well , she should have . I can not see to count the money . I tell you that . I come up short half the time . bernie then get some glass . lila they make I carsick . bernie gimme a break . she sip the coffee . lila so where be we go ? bernie the tribal Council need someone to answer phone . lila no way ! she reach for the door handle . bernie why not ? you can answer a phone , can not you ? 52 . lila not there ! not with they . she start to get out . he notice the Horizon , bury under the snow , near the camper . bernie ( suspicious ) what 's that ? lila I buy it . bernie from who ? lila some white lady . he say nothing . tap he thumb on the steering wheel , suspicious . a long moment pass . lila ( cont 'd ) what ? bernie what do you need a car for ? lila to get to work . so I do not have to walk in the breakdown lane . last week I almost get hit by the plow . bernie you will live . and you know what I be talk about . lila it do not have a trunk . he stare at straight ahead . lila ( cont 'd ) all right , all right ! I will go . 64 int . all for a dollar store - day 64 Ray ring up a counter full of merchandise for a heavyset customer in she 20 . ray that 's $ 87.50 . 53. the customer hand she a credit card . Ray process the credit card . it be decline . ray ( cont 'd ) sorry . do not go through . the customer look up with exaggerated annoyance . ray ( cont 'd ) ( in a low voice ) I can try to put it though again . the customer grab she purse from the basket , and walk out the door , leave the merchandise . customer ( yell back at Ray ) you get a problem with you machine , lady ! Ray move the merchandise aside for the next customer . it be trooper napoli . Ray be startle to see he . he put down some shave cream and a diet pepsi . ray ( ring he up ) that will be three seventy six . he dig in he pocket . trooper I get exact . he count it out . she hand he he bag and watch he walk out . 65 int . mohawk tribal council , reception area - day 65 Mohawk painting and a huge wolf carve out of wood decorate the wait area . nearby be a office mark " grand chief " a mohawk woman walk by the desk and recognize lila , then look away , quickly . a tall , middle - age woman , grand chief rosalie come out of the office and walk up to lila . 54 . rosalie do I have any message ? lila hand she a stack . she take they and walk away , then stop . rosalie ( cont 'd ) I can not read this . she hold the message out to lila . lila try to read it , squinting . lila I think it 's a " T . " . rosalie no , I can not read any of it . lila I tell bernie I could not see . lila grab she jean jacket . lila ( cont 'd ) nevermind . I will go . she walk out . 66 int . acclaim at bubble camper - night 66 Ray pull up in heavy snow . lila get in with a gallon of windshield wiper fluid . lila we gotta get extra fluid . ray I gotta get back before kmart close . lila what for ? ray I get nothing for under the tree . 67 int . wolf mart gas station restaurant - night 67 Ray fill the car with gas . 55 . lila go inside to get some pringles . look into the small restaurant she see Evelyn littlewolf , she mother - in - law and Little Jake sit at a table with Grand Chief rosalie . she stop dead in she track at the sight . they do not see she . slowly , she walk up to the table . Little Jake notice she first . angle : through the window Ray catch sight of lila stand at the table perfectly still . the other woman glance up at she then turn away . no one speak . lila walk off with Little Jake still watch she . 68 ext . frozen river - night 68 Ray and lila drive across the smooth river surface . snow fall steadily . the windshield wiper SNAP back and forth . they barely avoid the oncoming headlight of another smuggler 's car crossing the ice . ray do not you people even take Christmas Eve off ? lila mohawks do not celebrate Christmas . ray you could fool I the way they be all line up at all for a dollar today . lila that be Christians . the convert . ray from what ? lila from the longhouse way . 56 . ray that 's awful not to have Santa Claus - - for the kid , I mean . 69 ext . ray' trailer - day 69 t.j. dump the content of a box contain the piece of a artificial Christmas tree . branch cover the floor . the boy begin put it together like a puzzle . the tv be on . a commercial for the hot wheel tech track AIR stunt challenge set come on . ricky train in on it , flinching and jerk he body with sound effect at the sight of the fly hot wheel car and the booming voice of the announcer . ricky daddy be gettin ' I that for Christmas . t.j. what about Santa Claus ? ricky he 's bring the new house . 70 int . acclaim jimmy garage lot - night 70 Ray and lila drive up . Jimmy run out with he jacket pull over he head . he see lila and signal to the garage . two figure start toward the car . as they get closer , Ray see a man and a woman . both pakistani . ray wait . they be not chinese . lila they're " pakis . " ray what do that mean ? lila they be from Pakistan . ray well where 's that ? 57 . lila I do not know . what difference do it make ? ray a big difference . the pakistani couple stand outside the car , shiver and hold out the cash . the man carry a heavy duffle bag . Ray roll down the car window . the man hold out money to Ray but she do not take it . lila if we wait much longer we will not be able to get back across the river . ray look , I be not drive just anybody across the border . lila do you want the money or not ? ray I wanna know what 's in the bag . Ray look out the car window and point to the bag speak loudly . ray ( cont 'd ) what 's in there ? the man look at the woman . lila they do not understand you . ray well , if they want to come over here so bad , they ought 'a take the time to learn English . lila pop open the trunk . ray ( cont 'd ) just hold on a second . Ray get out . 58 . 71 ext . acclaim , jimmy garage lot - night 71 the pakistani woman crawl into the trunk and the man pick up the duffle bag to put it in but Ray take hold of it . ray I will take that . Ray motion he into the trunk and shut it . then she open the bag and start to rifle through it but lila stop she . lila what be you do ?! just count the money and let 's go . Ray look down at the bag . nothing be visible but clothes . lila if we keep snow like this we will not be able to get across the river . ray I just hope this be not the one that blow up themselves and everybody with they . Ray zip the bag up and lila help she slide it in the backseat . 72 int . acclaim at jimmy garage lot - night 72 Ray and lila get back in the car . Ray start to count the money . lila take it back . lila we do not have time . 73 ext . acclaim on frozen river - night 73 the acclaim creep along in heavy snow . 74 int . acclaim on frozen river - same 74 lila struggle to count the money by the light of the glove compartment . lila be that a two or a five ? 59 . ray ( glance down ) a five . Ray creep along strain to see out the windshield . the windshield fluid peter out . ray ( cont 'd ) shit ! lila look up . outside be a wall of white . lila you gotta stop so I can fill up the wiper fluid . ray I be not stoppin' . lila it 's a hundred foot deep out here if we get on black ice Ray stick she head out the window but the snow and the wind be too strong . she stop . lila get out with the wiper fluid . Ray pop the hood . Ray look in the backseat at the duffel bag . she hesitates a moment then reach into the back and open the back passenger door and slide the bag out of the car . lila get back inside . lila ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? ray nuclear power , poison gas , ... you can not tell what they might have in there . I be not gonna be responsible for that . Ray try the windshield wiper . fluid clear the windshield . Ray dial she cell phone with one hand . ray ( cont 'd ) - hi , I be gonna be a little late . ( pause ) - I have to work . be ricky asleep ? - put he on . ( pause ) - ricky listen to I , he 's not come until you go to sleep . ( pause ) ( more ) 60 . ray ( cont 'd ) - no . not yet . he 's still flyin ' over Canada okay ? he 's not even do with Canada yet , so he 's not come until you get to sleep . now put you brother on . - I will be home in a little while , okay ? - no , I have not get it , yet . what 's it call again ? - hot wheel tech trax Air stunt whatever , right , right , I will get it if I can ! - I can not promise t.j. - there be more important thing to get for Christmas this year . be home in a little while . okay , bye . ray ( cont 'd ) ( to lila ) you would think a new house would be enough . Ray gun it up the boat launch to the shore . 75 int . ray' trailer - night 75 in the live room , the artificial Christmas tree be up . the tv be on and ricky be untangle a ball of red Christmas light . t.j. ( dial the phone ) - hi , be Mitch there ? ( a long pause ) the microwave ding . holding the phone , t.j. take out two hungry man dinner and set they on the table . t.j. ( cont 'd ) - hi Mitch . it 's t.j. no , t.j. from school . yeah , man . right . uh , I be wonder if you still need that number we be talk about `cause I get one . - how much ? - cool , but the thing be I do not really have any wheel at the moment . - on moira road off 37 . - yeah , but there 's one more thing ... ( he whisper into the phone inaudibly ) ... no the air stunt challenge set . - yeah , exactly . yeah , man . thanks a lot . bye . he hang up and put the dinner on the table . 61 . t.j. ( cont 'd ) ( to ricky ) ricky , time to eat . t.j. turn around . ricky have wrap himself in Christmas light from head to toe , by slowly revolve while hold the string . ricky hey t.j. , watch this ! he plug in the light and they turn on . t.j. yeah , that 's pretty cool . but it 's gonna hurt when you sit down . ricky giggle . t.j. ( cont 'd ) now unwrap yourself , it 's dinner time . 76 ext . bob be motel - night 76 Ray and lila drive to the back of Bob 's . the Dealer hurry out to meet they . 77 int . acclaim at bob be motel - night 77 he hand Ray a wad of cash . she count it , then nod to lila who pop the trunk . 78 ext . acclaim at bob be motel - night 78 the pakistani man and woman hurry out of the trunk , look around , and rush to the passenger door of the acclaim , speak frantically to each other . the Dealer try to hustle they to the garage , but they will not be move . Ray start to back out , but the Dealer knock on they window . Ray roll it down . dealer ( heavy accent ) they say there 's a bag . ray it be too heavy . we have to unload it . 62 . the Dealer tell the woman in urdu . she become hysterical . she grab Ray through the window and the dealer pull she off . ray ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter with she !? dealer she have something in the bag . the woman continue scream in urdu . ray what be she say !? he speak to she in urdu . dealer she say she baby . her baby be in the bag . the Dealer and the man hurry the wail pakistani woman into the garage . 79 int . acclaim on route 37 - night 79 lila and Ray pull back onto Route 37 and drive along in stunne silence . ray it do not feel like there be anything in that bag . lila we gotta go back . ray I can not believe they put they baby in a duffle bag . lila I can not believe you leave it out there . ray if you would let I search it I would never have take it - lila we gotta go back . ray I know ! I know that . 63. Ray speed along . 80 int . route 37 , the reservation line - night 80 partly hide , behind a barn , trooper Mike napoli watch the car pass on Route 37 , leave the reservation . the acclaim pass . 81 int . ray' trailer - night 81 the trailer be aglow in Christmas light . ricky have fall asleep on the couch . a car horn blow outside . t.j. run outside . 82 ext . ray' trailer - same 82 a beat up car be there . Inside a teenager , mitch , a few year older than t.j. , hand he out a hot wheel tech track Air stunt challenge set . mitch that 's what you want , right ? t.j. Close enough . t.j. give Mitch a piece of paper with a list of name and credit card number include that of irene threeriver . mitch thanks man , have a merry one . t.j turn to go back inside . he see smoke rising through the crack in the siding and go to the back . black smoke pour from under the trailer where old insulation be smolder . t.j. run to the shed , take a fire extinguisher and spray under the trailer . steam rise . the fire appear to be out . 83 int . ray' trailer - night 83 t.j. come back in . smoke filter up though the crack in the linoleum floor . he cover ricky with extra blanket and open the window . 64 . 84 ext . frozen river - night 84 Ray and lila drive down the boat launch to the river . the storm have stop and the river be a endless white surface . 85 int . acclaim on frozen river - night 85 Ray and lila creep along . lila look , there . tracks . ray ( squint ) where ? lila up there . Ray speed up . faint tire track appear in the distance . lila ( cont 'd ) slow down , I do not want to run over it . stop . I think it be here . Ray stop the car . lila get out . Ray put she jacket over she head and follow . Ray 's cell phone play " Old macdonald " on the seat of the acclaim . 86 int . ray' trailer - night 86 wearing he coat in the trailer , with the window and door open , t.j. dial the phone . he get Ray 's cell phone . ray' voice ( faintly hear though the phone ) hi , it 's I . I can not take the call right now , but if it 's you , Troy , please at least tell I you be alive , because the boy be worried about you . he do not leave a message . ricky snore on the couch cover in a pile of blanket . 65 . 87 ext . frozen river - night 87 lila run ahead . Ray struggle to keep lila in sight . Ray come up behind lila , rifling through the unzipped duffel bag . she suddenly jump back at the sight of the tiny face of a infant , wrap in blanket , eye close , lip blue . lila it 's dead . Ray look at the baby . instinctively , she swoops down and gather it up . Ray head for the car . ray come on ! lila follow she . 88 int . acclaim on frozen river - night 88 Ray get in the car and set the bundle down on the seat , unwrap it from layer of swaddle and begin take off it 's clothes . it be a boy . she try to resuscitate he , but there be no response . lila it 's dead . Ray keep give it air . there be no response but she keep at it . then , between breath : ray tap the bottom of he foot . lila why ? ray that 's what they do to get ricky breathe when he be bear . Ray put the baby on lila 's lap . she pull away . lila I do not want to touch it . ray well , I can not hold it and drive . 66 . Ray crank the heater and aim the vent at the baby . lila stare down at the baby in she lap , not touch it . lila I do not think it matter . ray at least put he next to you body . that will warm he up . lila but it 's too late . ray just do it ! we can not give it back to she cold . 89 int . ray' trailer - night 89 t.j. close the window and put a package of microwave popcorn in the microwave and turn it on . he watch it begin to smoke , then pop open the microwave and take the smoking bag from room to room to hide the smell of burnt insulation with burnt popcorn . 90 ext . route 37 , the reservation line - night 90 Ray pull out onto Route 37 and pass the reservation line : " you be now leave the land of the Mohawk " trooper napoli watch the acclaim pass again . this time he pull out behind it . 91 int . acclaim on route 37 - night 91 Ray notice the cruiser follow she . ray shit ! lila look back . lila calm down . lila quickly pull the baby near and wrap he inside she coat hide he from sight . the dome light start flashing . 67 . ray oh shit . what do I do ? lila calm down . just pull over . ray what if he see we go by before . to Bob 's . lila he 's get no reason to stop we , unless you give he one , so keep you mouth shut . ray what if he search the car . what do we say about - lila he will not , just remember you be white . Ray push the blanket onto the floor and kick they under the seat . 92 ext . acclaim on route 37 - night 92 Ray pull into the breakdown lane and the trooper pull in behind she . 93 int . acclaim on route 37 - night 93 in Ray 's rear view mirror , trooper napoli get out of the cruiser . he put on he hat and walk toward the car . Ray roll down she window . trooper napoli license and registration ? Ray hand they over . he examine they , then lean down to the window . trooper napoli ( cont 'd ) could you step out of the vehicle , mar 'am . ray ( fakely nice ) I be not speed , be I ? trooper napoli just step out of the car . 68 . ray do I do something ? trooper napoli ( suspicious ) ma'am I be just direct you to step out of the vehicle ? ray okay . she get out of the car reluctantly . he look in at lila , she keep she head down . trooper napoli step around to the back of the vehicle . he follow Ray to the back of the acclaim . 94 ext . acclaim on route 37 , breakdown lane - night 94 he point at the trunk . Ray stare at it , afraid to speak . trooper napoli see that . Ray stare at the back of the car , afraid to speak . trooper napoli ( cont 'd ) you leave rear parking light be not illuminate . Ray notice the light . ray oh , I do not know . he take out he pad and pen . trooper napoli ( cont 'd ) I be gonna give you a provisional citation . get this repair in the next 48 hour and you will have no problem . ray ( cont 'd ) thanks . trooper napoli ( he look into the car ) who 's you friend ? 69 . ray she look after my kid when I have to work late . Ray get back in the car . he shut the door behind she and give lila a friendly nod . trooper napoli have a enjoyable holiday . ray yeah , you , too . she roll up she window . 95 int . acclaim on route 37 , breakdown lane - night 95 in she rear view , Ray watch he get in he vehicle , u- turn and drive out of sight in the opposite direction . lila ( nervous ) what do he want ? ray just a blow out tail light . lila that 's it ? ray yeah . 96 int . ray' trailer - night 96 t.j. look at the clock . it 's after midnight . he lead ricky , half asleep into he room and tuck he in bed . then he take out the hot wheel box and put it under the tree . 97 int . / ext . acclaim at bob be motel - night 97 Ray and lila pull in to the motel but there be no sign of life . Ray gather up the blanket . lila sit motionless . ray we gotta take it in . lila sit absolutely still . 70 . ray ( cont 'd ) what be it ? lila it 's move . ray what ? be you sure ? lila slowly take the baby from inside she jacket . his eye open . he blink . Ray and lila stare at he . lila hello little baby . the baby look back at they . ray he be just cold . Ray and lila wrap he up in the blanket and get out with lila carry the bundle and walk into the motel office . 98 int . bob be motel - same 98 Ray and lila look around the shabby motel office circa 1950s with a few threadbare chair . no one be at the front desk . Ray venture behind the desk and knock on a small door . she carefully open it to a small office with a desk , cluttere with papers and , beyond it , another door . Ray knock and open it to : a live room hang with heavy red pakistani fabric and light . the dealer and the pakistani man study a map of New York State spread out on the table . behind they the pakistani woman sit on the couch . Ray come in , follow by lila carry the baby . ray we find he . the pakistani woman look up , see the bundle and hurry across the room to lila . lila hold out the baby with a little smile and the pakistani woman snatch it out of she arm . the pakistani woman pull back the blanket and see the baby -- alive . she sink to she knee let out a wail . 71 . lila 's eye fill with tear . Ray choke back she own . ray ( cont 'd ) ( to lila ) come on . let 's go . lila follow Ray out , look over she shoulder at the baby . 99 int . acclaim on route 37 - night 99 lila and Ray drive away . lila he be dead . ray he be just cold . lila he be dead . ray okay , whatever , you bring he back to life . lila that be the great Spirit , not I . ray all I know be kmart be close and I get nothing for under the tree . lila look at Ray . ray ( cont 'd ) what ? lila say nothing . ray ( cont 'd ) look , I do not have time for that . I can not get deep about every little thing . I just have to keep on go . I only need one more run to have enough for my double . 100 int . acclaim at lila camper - night 100 Ray and lila pull up in front of lila 's camper and stop . Ray divide the money . 72 . ray here . lila take the money and start to get out . ray ( cont 'd ) merry Christmas or whatever . lila yeah . lila get out and go inside . 101 ext . ray' trailer - night 101 Ray drive up . the trailer be cover in Christmas light . 102 int . ray' trailer , kitchen - night 102 Ray come in . the box contain the hot wheel tech track Air stunt challenge set be under the tree . ray what 's that ? t.j. hot wheel . she be suspicious . ray where would you get it ? t.j. I call a friend . ray Mitch ? be that the friend you call ? it 's probably steal , you know . t.j. no , its not . ray well , I do not want you hang around he . that kid be bad news . t.j. it 's not like you be gonna get it . 73. ray look , mister , I get more important thing to worry about than toy . I be try to get we doublewide . t.j. oh , yeah . I forget . ray hey , you can lose the attitude . anyway , kmart be close by the time I get off work . he give she a sideways glance . ray ( cont 'd ) what 's that smell ? t.j. popcorn . ray I tell you to be careful with the microwave , do not I ? t.j. sorry . 103 int . / ext . lila camper - night 103 a heavy thud as something hit the side of lila 's camper . lila bernie ! she open the door , but no one be there . at she foot she see a pringles can . in it : the cash she leave at she mother - in- law 's house for she son . she look towards the wood but there be no sign of anyone . she shut the door . Inside she dig through a old box of junk and pull out a 2 foot long oval shape wooden board , a infant board , and a blanket . she wrap she pillow in the blanket around the board in the Mohawk tradition and pick it up . she try it on she back , then lean it against the wall , then hang it on a hook on the wall . 74 . 104 int . ray' trailer , kitchen - day 104 Christmas Morning . Ray stand at the stove in she bathrobe make pancake . t.j. help ricky set up he new hot wheel set . a knock at the door . another knock . ricky daddy ? ricky run to the door and open it , then back away . trooper napoli be there . trooper napoli be there a Ray eddy here ? Ray come to the door . ray yes . trooper napoli can I speak to you outside for a minute . ray I have not get the light fix - trooper napoli it 's not about that . I just have a few question . ray sure . 105 ext . ray' trailer yard - day 105 Ray slip on she boot , grab she jacket around she and step outside the trailer door . trooper napoli this be about the woman who be with you . ray yes . trooper napoli how long have you know she ? 75 . ray not too long . she look after my kid . trooper napoli she 's a smuggler . ray really ? trooper napoli yes . ray wow . that 's a shock . trooper napoli yes , well , there be that element on the reservation I be sure you know . ray yeah , I have hear about it but I do not know she be involved . trooper napoli how do you happen to meet she ? ray uh , I think there be a sign for a baby sitter at the Wolf Mart . that 's where I get my gas . trooper napoli I just think you should be aware of that . she 's know to have smuggle illegal immigrant into the country . ray oh my God . he nod he head . trooper napoli if I be you I would find a new baby sitter . you do not want she around young kid . ray absolutely . he eye the side of the trailer where smoke stain siding be visible . trooper napoli well , you have a enjoyable holiday . 76 . ray thanks . you , too . Ray stand and watch the trooper drive away . she feel in the pocket of she bathrobe for she cigarettes and fumble to light one , suck on it , unaware of the cold . when she turn around she look at the trailer and notice the smoke-stain siding on one end of it . 106 int . ray' trailer - day 106 t.j. listen at the door . ricky look up . ricky why be the police man here ? t.j. shh . from outside the door : ray ( o.s. ) t.j. could you come out here for a minute . t.j. go outside . 107 ext . trailer yard - day 107 Ray stand stare at t.j. at the trailer 's burnt end . t.j. what do he want ? do something happen to dad ? ray no. t.j. then what do he want ? she point to the blacken siding on the trailer . ray do you have a fire last night ? t.j . the pipe froze so I fix `um . ray you fix um ? 77 . t.j. yeah . ray do you happen to use the blow torch ? she walk around back and look underneath the trailer : a mass of char and melt insulation . ray ( cont 'd ) look at this . we can not live here anymore ! t.j. it 's just a tin crapper . ray no , it be we house . t.j. so , we be gettin ' a new one , right ? ray Jesus , you could have kill yourself and you brother . she grab the blowtorch and slam it to the ground , but it be indestructible . t.j. it 's not yours , he give it to I . she go to the car , take out she gun then put the blow torch on the ground and aim at it -- but t.j. grab it . ray put it down . t.j. no ! ray put it down . t.j. be you gonna shoot I now , too ? ray put that thing down ! he ignites the blow torch to spite she . t.j. maybe he do not like gettin ' shot in he own house . maybe that 's why he leave . 78 . ray that be a accident . t.j. some accident you shot he in the foot . ray he spend the food money on scratch card , t.j. t.j. so , he would do it before . he aim it at she . she walk towards he . he increase the flame . ray gimme that thing . she try to grab it out of he hand , but he be too strong . ray ( cont 'd ) t.j. come on now . t.j. you can not have it . it 's mine . his eye fill with tear , but he face stay tight . she grab at it again , but he jerk it away . she pause and stare at he . ray he be clean for 23 month . they look at one another . ray ( cont 'd ) ( choke back tear ) I do not know how else to keep we together . I mean ... he 's a good dad when he 's not gamblin ' . he cut off the blow torch . t.j. yeah , awesome dad . rob we and take off a week before Christmas . she walk up to he and wipe a tear from the side of he face . he shake it off . 79 . they stand in the cold air for a long moment they breath visible . she touch he hair . ray I know . CUT to : 108 ext . bubble camper - night 108 Ray drive up in the acclaim . lila and the Horizon be go . Ray get out and look around but there be no sign of she . 109 ext . parking lot , mohawk bingo palace - 109 Ray slowly cruise the lot look for the Horizon . she spot it in the distance behind the bingo palace next to a dumpster . Ray park and go inside . 110 ext . mohawk bingo palace entrance - night 110 the short chubby toothless Mohawk ticket taker perch on a metal stool beside a velvet rope . Ray see she and begin to dig in she jeans for a five . the ticket taker look she up and down , expressionless . Ray hand over the money . the ticket taker just look at she . ticket taker the game 's over . they be verify the last winner . ray that 's okay . I still wanna buy a ticket . ticket taker I can not sell you one . ray I get money . 80 . ticket taker sorry . ray I just want to buy some scratch card . ticket taker go to Wolf Mart , they sell `um there . Ray walk away . the ticket taker watch she . 111 ext . mohawk bingo palace , parking lot - day 111 Ray slump down in the driver 's seat of the acclaim wait for lila to come out . she be park a few car away from the Horizon . other bingo player come out and get in car surround Ray . mohawks employee , include lila come out of the " employee entrance " . she start toward Horizon . she wear new glass . catch sight of Ray in the acclaim , she abruptly turn and start walk in the opposite direction . Ray pull out and drive over follow she in the acclaim . lila I quit smuggle . ray ( roll down the window ) t.j. set the trailer on fire . lila keep walk . Ray drive along beside she . ray ( cont 'd ) he do not mean to , but the pipe froze and he get that damn torch out -- which I tell he not to do touch when I be not there -- and he try to thaw they out - lila I get glass and now I can see up close . ray there 's a hole in my bedroom floor . we gotta move . 81 . lila keep walk . ray ( cont 'd ) I just need one more run to get the double . lila keep walk . ray ( cont 'd ) look you can have the acclaim . okay ? lila keep walk . lila I do not want it . ray what be it then ?! lila keep walk . ray ( cont 'd ) be you still mad about that baby ? ` Cause it be not all my fault , ya ' know . I mean who put they kid in a duffle bag ? lila keep walk . Ray follow try to figure she out . ray ( cont 'd ) you be gonna need a lot of money to take care of a one year old baby . lila I get enough . ray yeah , but you gotta get he first . lila stop dead in she track and look at Ray . ray ( cont 'd ) I will help you . you can even borrow my gun . lila look around to see if anyone be watch and get in the acclaim with Ray . angle from bingo palace entrance : the ticket taker watch the acclaim drive away . 82. 112 ext . acclaim , versaille mobile home lot - night 112 Ray and lila pull up outside the model double wide home . 113 int . acclaim . versaille mobile home lot - same 113 Ray and lila look at it . ray you should see the inside . lila how many bedroom ? ray Three . and it 's get a jacuzzi tub in the master bathroom . lila Wall to wall carpet ? ray oh yeah . but the best thing be the insulation . the pipe can never freeze . Ray get out . ray ( cont 'd ) I will be back . she disappear into the Office . lila look at the house . 114 int . office , versaille mobile home lot - night 114 Ray come in on guy versaille give a young couple the hard sell . versaille ... what I think you will find with the commodore -- and you will be the judge -- be that the vinyl wall cover be perfect for small child . there be never a need to repaint or even touch up - ray I wanna schedule a delivery . versaille look up , annoyed . he plaster on a smile . 83. versaille ( to the couple ) give I just a second . he try to take Ray aside . versaille ( cont 'd ) what do you want ? she pull a huge wad of cash from she jacket pocket . versaille ( cont 'd ) be this all of it ? ray it 's three thousand but I want it deliver tomorrow . versaille I tell you all or nothing . she hold out the cash . the couple try not to watch . ray take it as a deposit . all you have to do be show up . if I do not have the rest you keep it . versaille can not argue with that . you will have to sign something , though . he take out a contract and write in the deposit amount as thirteen hundred seventy two dollar owe . Ray sign the paper . CUT to : 115 int . acclaim on frozen river - night 115 Ray drive down the boat launch and start across . the sky be clear and the moon shine down on the white river surface . downstream patch of the river have thaw and water flow be visible . there be only the sound of the wheel on the smooth ice surface . CUT to : 84 . 116 ext . jimmy garage , river be edge - night 116 Jimmy 's be dark . Ray and lila sit a minute . then : lila blow the horn . Ray honk the horn . a light come on . Jimmy run outside in a t-shirt . lila roll down the window . jimmy heat wave ! lila you get a run for we , Jimmy ? jimmy ( shake he head ) it 's pretty slow after Christmas . unless you wanna to go off the rez , there 's a guy up in montreal who 's usually get head . lila how far ? jimmy twenty mile or so . but ... you gotta watch out for the mounties and the surete. and ... this guy deal in ya ' know girl . 117 ext . / int . acclaim , quebec highway - same 117 Ray and lila drive down a Quebec highway . the road sign be in french . the skyline of montreal be a orange glow in the far distance . ray have you ever be there ? lila a few time . have you ? ray no , Troy do not like to travel . he like to work in he shed , mostly . 85 . Ray and lila drive down a commercial strip of shopping center , fast food joint and strip club , with french name . lila up there . that 's it . ray can not miss that . 118 ext . le club super sexe - same 118 Ray pull in at a giant neon silhouette of a naked woman . they drive around back and get out . throbbing DISCO music be hear from inside a door mark " prive . " 119 int . club super sexe - night 119 they walk in . the place be mostly empty . there be a scantily dress bartender and jacque bruno sit at the bar . bartender oui ? lila bruno . she point to bruno . lila and Ray approach he . he be on he cell phone speak in french . he look they over , then close up he telephone . bruno ( french accent ) you look for a job . lila no , Jimmy call - bruno oh yeah , Jimmy . okay . he call over the bartender . she come over . he point to Ray and lila . she walk over to they . bartender ( softly ) put you hand up . 86 . Ray and lila put up they hand . the bartender pat frisk they for body wire . when she be finish : bruno okay we go . he pick up he full - length fur coat . bruno ( cont 'd ) D 'is way . they follow he out the back of the club . the bartender follow . 120 ext . parking lot , club super sexe - same 120 they wait . bruno d'at you car ? he point to the acclaim park a few foot away . they nod . he walk out to a shed and unlock the door . two very young chinese girl , sickly and pale , wear jean jacket look vacantly out . bruno signal they to get out . bruno ( cont 'd ) open the trunk . lila we need to get pay , first . bruno oh , yes . he pull a wad of cash from inside he coat and hand it to lila . she count it out . lila you only get six hundred here . bruno you get the rest at drop off . lila it 's six hundred apiece . the girl stand shiver by the trunk . 87 . bruno that 's the deal I make with Jimmy , now you want to change ? lila and Ray look at each other . lila it 's twelve hundred . bruno you want to make a problem ? bruno glance at the bartender watch from the back door of the club . bruno ( cont 'd ) ( annoyed by Ray ) ... because you be not make a problem for I . and you be make a problem for they . let I show you something . he approach the two girl . he grab one of the girl by the hair , kick she in the back of the knee force she to the ground . lila look at Ray . the girl try to get on she foot , but each time she do he kick she in the back of the knee again . lila ( to Ray ) let 's just go . held up by she hair , the girl slide around helplessly . lila wince at the sight . Ray stare at bruno . ray okay . we will take they . lila look at Ray . bruno drop the girl who scramble to she foot . lila let 's go . ray just open the trunk . lila lean into the passenger side of the acclaim and pop the trunk . bruno look at Ray : 88. bruno you must be the brain of the operation . he motion the girl into the trunk and shut it after they . lila get in the passenger side and bruno start for the back door of the club . Ray pull she gun out of she jacket and aim it at bruno . ray turn around ! bruno stop and turn around . ray ( cont 'd ) I want the rest . he open he fur coat . bruno ( cool ) I do not have any more . in the shiny coat lining only the handle of a long pistol be visible . ray ( to the bartender ) go get it . bruno look around and nod at the bartender . the bartender panic not know what to do and begin speak in french to bruno . Ray shoot at the pavement beside bruno . bruno ( to the bartender ) give it to she . the bartender disappear into the club . Ray wait with the gun on bruno . lila ( from inside the acclaim ) let 's get out of here . I will give you the rest of the money . ray no . but thanks . 89 . lila you be gonna get we all kill . a moment later the bartender come back , shaking and hold cash . ray put it there . she indicate the trunk . bruno ( to the bartender ) you be not so smart as you look . Ray grab the money and still point at bruno , back into the car . bruno reach for he pistol and aim at they as the acclaim squeal away . bruno fire shatter the driver 's side window , graze Ray 's head . Ray fall back , daze for a moment . lila steer . then Ray take the wheel as they swerve out onto the main road . ray he shot I . Ray wipe the blood from she forehead . lila you should 'a just take the money from I ? ray ( blood stream down she face ) I be tired of people steal from I . be it all there ? lila we gotta get outta here , first . ray just count it and make sure it 's all there ! Ray hand she the wad of money . lila struggle to put on she glass and count out the money . ray ( cont 'd ) be it there ? 90 . lila it 's all there . ray good . lila slow down a little . we gotta keep it under the speed limit . Ray smile and wipe away the blood . they drive a short distance . Ray check the rear-view mirror . lila ( cont 'd ) we gotta get off this road . lila look in the rear view . headlights appear behing they . Ray speed up approach a intersection : the sign read " arret " lila ( cont 'd ) slow down ! ray I can not . lila look back in the rear view mirror . the headlight be gain on they . she speed through it . a local surete do quebec police cruiser park out of sight take off after she , light flashing . 121 int . acclaim on quebec road - night 121 lila we gotta get off this road ! 122 ext . acclaim on dirt road - night 122 Ray swerve off the main road to a dirt road . the qubec police follow . Ray swerve off the road and across a field into the wood and kill the headlight . the Quebec cruiser chase they . 91 . 123 int . acclaim on dirt road - night 123 Ray speed down the road . ray how much farther to the reservation ? lila just up at the tree line . Ray speed towards it , but the Quebec cruiser still pursue they . ray what the hell ? we be on the reservation . lila they can not arrest we but if they catch we they will take the money . ray shit ! Ray bounce into the wood through the tree . 124 ext . acclaim on river bank - night 124 the acclaim emerge from the wood at the edge of the river . the International seaway Bridge loom above the ice surface of the river . 125 int . acclaim on river bank - night 125 behind they the flash light close in . lila that ice be black out here . ray will it hold we ? lila I do not know . Ray look at she for a moment then drive toward the ice . 126 ext . river bank - night 126 behind they , the Quebec cruiser brake at the edge of the river . 92 . the qubec officer get out to watch the acclaim drive out across the ice . he radio to : 127 ext . INTERNATIONAL seaway bridge - night 127 a border guard pick up the phone . he nod , then hang up and make a call to ... 128 int . new york state cruiser - night 128 trooper napoli hear the call on the police radio . dispatcher ... the Quebec surete in pursuit of a vehicle with New York State plate , identify as a blue plymouth acclaim and the suspect be two woman , suspect to be carry illegal ... he recognize the car and u-turn . 129 int . acclaim on frozen river - night 129 Ray and lila hold they breath as they cross the river . they make it over the midpoint and Ray accelerate toward the shore . two hundred foot from the bank , the back right tire hit a crack in the ice . the tire drop and the under belly of the car scrape the ice . SPARKS fly . the right rear end of the car drop down and the front left tire lift off the ice . the car teeters back and forth . Ray and lila sit perfectly still . lila we gotta crawl out the window . lila roll down she window . the car shift . the wad of cash slide toward the edge of the dashboard . Ray grab it . lila pop the trunk . the two chinese girl scramble out . the four begin running for the shore . angle from the under the bridge : trooper napoli watch the action on the ice . 93. 130 ext . acclaim on frozen river - night 130 the car sink deeper into the water on one side . 131 ext . frozen river - night 131 Ray , lila and the chinese girl keep run , slip and slide , fall . lila and Ray stop and go back to help one of the chinese girl who keep fall . when they get to the shore , they climb up the bank and collapse on the snow , gasp . angle : trooper napoli get in he cruiser and head down the bank toward the woman , light flash . 132 ext . river bank - night 132 two headlight be see in the distance come toward they . a pickup truck approach along the shore . Jimmy drive it . he get out , gather Ray , lila and the two chinese girl into the back of the truck and drive away . Ray look back as the acclaim slip through the ice and disappear . trooper napoli reach the scene , too late . no one be there . 133 int . village bakery - night 133 a small house on the river 's edge with a hand paint sign : " bakery " Jimmy drive up . he help Ray , lila and the chinese girl to the door . the ticket taker , " velma " open the door , wear a apron . jimmy hi Mom . velma Jimmy , I tell you not to bring no more half freeze people in here off the river . jimmy ( ignore she ) we just need to borrow you oven , Mom . 94 . he lead they , wet and freezing , to the bakery kitchen . as they go by velma and Ray recognize each other . 134 int . village bakery , kitchen - night 134 a industrial oven sit beside a old couch . lila , Ray and the teenage girl stand near it shiver . velma look they over , frown and shake she head . velma I do not see how I can get any baking do . I be suppose to be baking 200 doughnut for pee wee lacrosse and now I have people bleed and drip all over my kitchen . she open a closet fill with indian medicine plant and take out several kind . velma ( cont 'd ) ( to Ray ) sit down , I can not reach up that high . Ray sit down . velma reach up and dab Ray 's graze and bleed forehead . velma ( cont 'd ) ( to Ray ) look like somebody try to blow you brain out . Ray wince in pain . velma ( cont 'd ) get outta here , Jimmy . they gotta strip down . ( to girl ) gimme that jacket . velma motion to the chinese girl to take off they coat . they stare at she shiver . she gently go to one of the girl and help she out of she jean jacket . under it she wear a short sleeve shirt show she bruise arm . velma see the bruise . velma ( cont 'd ) somebody 's be beatin ' up on you . lila and Ray see the girl 's black and blue arm . 95 . velma hang the girl 's jacket on the big oven to dry and give she a old blanket to keep warm . then velma turn to lila . velma ( cont 'd ) you , too . 135 int . mohawk tribal police station - night 135 mohawk chief of police , billy three river , a stress - look man in he 40' talk on the phone . three river - good , good Mike . what can I do for you ? - - you say non - native smuggler ? - a white woman ? on the rez ? - I will look into it and give you a call back . sure thing . ( pause ) - I will take you request to the tribal Council and give you a call back . - no problem , Mike . you bet . 136 int . mohawk tribal council - night 136 billy Three Rivers sit down at a long conference table . a middle - age Mohawk woman , " barbara " sit behind a name plate read " chief " . at the end of the table bernie sit behind another name plate : " sub - chief . " rosalie come in wear she coat over she bathrobe and take she place behind the " grand chief " name plate . three river hi , rosalie . rosalie ( put on she glass ) billy . three river we have a situation with a couple smuggler . they get chase by the Quebec police and cross the river but they car go in and now the trooper know they be on the rez . rosalie who be it ? 96 . three river lila littlewolf and some white woman . rosalie what do the trooper want ? three river a surrender of the two illegal and the non-native smuggler . they need a example here . rosalie do you know where they be ? three river probably over at velma 's . rosalie ( to the other Chiefs ) what do you think ? barbara turn they in . rosalie what about lila littlewolf ? bernie we get we own court system . rosalie we do not charge people with smuggle . barbara maybe we should . bernie if we do , we would have to arrest half the people on the rez . rosalie and Barbara shoot he a angry stare . he shrug . barbara we can expel she . bernie you can not start throwin' mohawks off the rez , rosalie . there 's only , what , six thousand of we as it be . rosalie she make the Mohawk people look bad . 97 . bernie but she have a Mohawk son . rosalie she cost we a Mohawk son . bernie Jake be a big boy . he know what he be doin ' rosalie she will never be anything but a smuggler . bernie we have have smuggle on the rez since Al capone . rosalie then we will take a vote . 137 ext . route 37 , the reservation line - night 137 two New York State cruiser block the road , light flash . 138 int . village bakery , kitchen - night 138 the bell on the bakery door ring . billy Three Rivers walk in look very official . Jimmy open the door . jimmy hi , billy . he come in and velma walk in from the kitchen close the door behind she . three river velma , see any smuggler tonight ? velma say nothing . jimmy come on , billy , you never bother with smuggler before . three river rosalie be worried people be gonna think the mohawks let in terrorist . plus , I get the trooper on my back . they want the illegal and they say there 's some white lady with they too . be that true , Jimmy ? 98 . Jimmy look away . three river ( cont 'd ) you get white woman do it now ? jesus. ( after a moment ) well , if you see any , let I know . Three Rivers leave . 139 int . village bakery , kitchen - night 139 lila and Ray listen from the kitchen . Ray eye the back door . Ray grab she jacket off the oven and take half the cash out of the pocket and hand it to lila . ray I gotta go . lila take the money . the chinese girl look on confuse . one get up and grab she jacket , but Ray motion she back . ray ( cont 'd ) no . you stay here . Ray hurry to the back door , open it , but bernie littlewolf be there . at the sight of he , Ray back up . he walk in . bernie hi , lila . lila hi bernie . bernie you be in a lot of trouble . lila look at he , unfaze . bernie ( cont 'd ) the council vote to expel you . lila expel I ? bernie for five year . you can appeal , but you will never be able to change rosalie 's mind . 99 . lila they can not do that . bernie they will make you life miserable if you try to stay . lila they have already do that . bernie believe I , it could get even worse . ray I think this be all legal on the reservation . bernie ignore she . ray ( cont 'd ) ( to lila ) look , I gotta get home . she move for the door , but bernie block she . bernie if she leave , they will turn you in lila . the trooper want somebody . ray but , she 's a Mohawk . bernie the Chiefs want she out , so there 's nothing stand between she and the trooper . ray listen , my kid get no one but I . bernie if you leave she will not see she son again . Ray and bernie stare at each other . lila let she go . bernie lila , you be give up on he and he 's only one year old . 100 . lila ( to Ray ) just go . Ray go to the door , but turn around ... ray at least you get family to take care of he , ya ' know ? 140 ext . reservation wood - night 140 Ray shut the door behind she and start toward the river . she turn and run along the bank ... a long way ... then slow down . breathe hard , she stop . snow melt on she face . a long moment pass . the sound of the river ice push against the bank release a long , deep moan all around she . 141 int . village bakery , kitchen - night 141 lila and bernie sit on the old sofa by the big oven . lila he might be better off . bernie Jake would not agree with that . lila it be all for a new crib . I want the baby to have a pretty new crib , not some handmedown . and he would not let I go alone . ( laugh ) I be too fat to get behind the steering wheel . bernie he want to keep you and little Jake safe . the back door open . Ray be there . ray it 's just a few month , right ? bernie and lila turn around . Ray walk in . ray ( cont 'd ) I get baby stuff in the shed . 101 . she take the fold double - wide contract out of she pocket and hold it out to lila . ray ( cont 'd ) get a good use single wide with insulation . insulation be the key thing . versaille will give you a hard time , but that will leave enough for you and the boy to live on for a couple of month . ricky 's allergic to penicillin . ( a moment ) and you can not feed `em pringles all the time . okay ? lila be not sure . ray ( cont 'd ) okay ? lila nod she head . ray ( cont 'd ) but you gotta get there quick , before the police , `cause t.j. will get scared . I do not want he to get scared , you know . Ray choke back she own tear . lila okay . lila take the contract from Ray . ray and do not let he jerk you around . versaille , I mean . ( to bernie ) go with she . okay ? bernie nod . bernie sure . 142 int . ray' trailer - night 142 t.j. and ricky eat supper to the glow of the tv in the background . ricky can I have more corn ? t.j. dump he own corn onto ricky 's plate . 102 . 143 ext . route 37 , the reservation line - night 143 flash dome light of New York State trooper be see just beyond the sign " you be now leaving the land of the mohawk . " trooper napoli wait in he cruiser with other vehicle . billy drive Ray and the chinese girl slowly toward they in the Mohawk tribal Police cruiser . billy stop and the three get out of the car , handcuff . 144 ext . house on point - night 144 bernie wait in the car . lila walk to the front door . Thunder look up from beside the front step . lila ( show she empty hand ) sorry , Thunder , I get nothing for you . she knock . Evelyn open the door . see lila she try to close it , but lila wedge herself inside . 145 int . house on point - night 145 Evelyn tire to push she out , but lila walk in the house . evelyn what do you want ? lila walk up to the Little Jake sit in he high chair , he face cover in carrot . she reach out to touch he , but Evelyn push she hand away . lila I need he coat . lila pick up the baby , and look around . lila ( cont 'd ) where 's he coat ? evelyn you can not have he . 103 . she grab lila 's arm , but lila shake she arm free and wrap Little Jake in she own jacket . lila say goodbye to you dudah . Evelyn stand in front of the door , block lila . lila stop and they stand for a moment look at each other . there be anger and sadness . Evelyn move aside . lila walk out with the baby . 146 ext . house on point - night 146 bernie stand by the car hold a car seat . bernie she 's gonna kill I for take this out of she car . CUT to : 147 int . new york state trooper cruiser - night 147 Ray sit in the backseat . the two chinese girl beside she . ray how long be it for I . you know if I confess ? trooper napoli as long as they be not on a watch list . four month . he glance around at they . trooper napoli ( cont 'd ) I do not think you have much to worry about judge from the look of they , probably bring here to work in the sex trade . Ray look at the two girl . ray will they get send back ? trooper napoli not necessarily . they can apply for asylum . 104 . ray can I have a cigarette ? he light one for she . she take it , shaking . trooper napoli be there somebody I can call for you ? to take care of you child . ray I get somebody . he look back at she . trooper napoli a relative . ray a friend . trooper napoli look at she . ray ( cont 'd ) but I need to call my kid . 148 int ray' trailer - night 148 the phone ring . t.j. pick it up . t.j. ( o.s. ) hello . hi , Mom . she hear he voice and can not speak . t.j. ( cont 'd ) - Mom be you there ? what 's wrong ? - what kinda trouble ? - what do you do ? - a smuggler !? Holy shit ! - be you in jail ? - but be you be go to jail !? there be a long silence . he wipe a tear away with he sleeve . ricky play with he hot wheel on the floor . t.j. ( cont 'd ) - yeah , okay . what do that mean ? but why ? I can take care of he , I do it all the time . but I do not see why we need -? ( more ) 105 . t.j. ( cont 'd ) - who ? ( pause ) a baby ? no way . - yeah I know where the stuff be . it 's in the shed , but that 's so stupid !. a knock at the door . t.j. look at it , unsure what to do . t.j. ( cont 'd ) ( hold phone ) - yeah , I be here . somebody 's at the door . he walk to it and open it hold the phone . lila be stand there hold Little Jake , wrap in she jean jacket . t.j. and lila look at each other . she walk in . t.j. ( cont 'd ) - okay . bye . he hang up . Little Jake see ricky play with the hot wheel set and reach to get down . lila put he on the floor . he crawl toward the Christmas tree and the hot wheel set . t.j. ( cont 'd ) ( to ricky ) you be gonna have to get the little piece up high -- or he will eat they . 149 int . new york state trooper cruiser - night 149 Ray ride in the back of the cruiser . they pass by trailer home decorate for Christmas . 150 ext . route 37 - day 150 a semi roar down the road with " wide load " banner haul a single wide mobile home through the bright morning light , plastic cover rippling in the wind . 151 ext . ray' trailer - day 151 use the blow torch , t.j. work on the smile duck kiddie ride . 106 . ricky play with Little Jake , dress in a snow suit . lila come outside with a plate of peanut butter sandwich , badly make . t.j. signal ricky who bring Little Jake over and put he on the kiddie ride . ricky hold he on the seat and t.j. flip a switch . the ride jerk a few time then start to move back and fourth . Little Jake smile . behind t.j. a Mohawk tribal Police cruiser drive up . billy two Rivers get out and walk up to t.j. he speak sternly to t.j. , point at the cruiser where a elderly and frail Mohawk woman in she eighty , Mrs. threeriver , look out the window . t.j. walk over to the cruiser . she roll down the window . he say something to she , look at the ground as he speak . ricky and lila hold Little Jake look on . billy two Rivers drive away . suddenly t.j. and ricky look up . a rumble be hear in the distance . from down the road the semi be see approaching ... t.j. smile and ricky watch not sure whether to believe it or not . he take t.j. 's hand . CUT to : 152 int . new single - wide mobile home - night 152 Ray be asleep in she new bedroom with wall - to - wall carpet and a big window . her cell phone ring . she do not move . ray ( o.s. ) ( she voice message play ) hi , ( happy ) you have reach Ray . leave I a message and I will get back to you just as soon as I can . the tone be hear . troy ( o.s. ) ( sad sack voice ) Ray , be you gonna pick up or not ? ( more ) 107 . troy ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) I need you to send I some money so I can get home . I be stick here . I could already be back at work by now . ( pause ) please Ray , I be at the ymca in Tampa . I love you . I miss you . please call I here . seriously . and tell the boy - the message cut off with a " beep . " close on : the cell phone screen . " 12 new message " change to " 13 new message . " 153 ext . INTERNATIONAL seaway bridge - day 153 a sign read " Bridge to Canada . " a steep 1940 's era custom bridge arch over the St. lawrence River . Cars and truck line up in different lane . custom official man booth at the center of the bridge , inspect and question impatient driver . Beyond they , a smaller sign : " thank you for visiting massena new york , it work , for business , for family , for you " . 154 ext . below the bridge - same 154 the river stretch mile in either direction , no longer freeze and still with tree on either side . fade out