fruitvale station written by Ryan coogler Thursday , July 19th 2012 1 omitted 1 ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 2. 1 continued : 1 2 int . oscar' apartment - bedrooom - night 2 we open on a expensive look flip cellphone sit on a dresser . next to it , a large zip lock bag of marijuana . we stay here . oscar ( o.s. ) what 's you resolution ? sophina ( o.s. ) I be gonna cut carb . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 2a . 2 continued : 2 oscar ( o.s. ) you trippin . you look fine . plus you mexican . you cut carb and you can not eat nothin yo grandma cook . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 3. 2 continued : 2 sophina ( o.s ) fuck you ... you just gotta help I stick to it . it only take 30 day to form a habit . then it become second nature . oscar ( o.s. ) really ? who tell you that ? sophina ( o.s. ) ... Oprah oscar laugh hard at this . sophina ( cont 'd ) what 's yours . oscar I be gonna quit sell tree . the phone vibrate and ring " marcus calling " show on the outer screen . oscar 's move towards the cellphone . sophina ( o.s. ) osc. oscar stop in he track . sophina ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) do not go out there tonight , stay home . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 4. 2 continued : 2 oscar ( o.s. ) you gonna give I a reason to ? sophina do not answer . the phone ring again . oscar 's hand quickly pick it up and flip it open . we follow the phone to he face and we see he for the first time , a 22 year old Black man with a warm smile . oscar ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) aye bruh it 's bad tonight . I gotta catch you tomorrow . he close it before the guy on the other end can respond . he take the phone with he as he climb back into bed with sophina mesa , a curvy 24 year old mexican american woman . oscar ( cont 'd ) look , I be not go out , you happy now ? sophina nod . oscar move closer to she and kiss she on she neck . she kiss he back a bit , then scoot away . oscar kiss she again . put he hand in she hair . sophina osc. osc , hold up . oscar stop . sophina scoot away even further . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 5 . 2 continued : 2 oscar man , wussup ? I be home hella long ... sophina I do not know ... every time you touch I , I can not help to think about how you be touchin that bitch . oscar shake he head at this , sigh . sophina ( cont 'd ) you know what ? you right , go . oscar what I gotta do ? I be here , right now . I fuck up one time , alright ? sophina no , you fuck get catch , one time . you gonna sit here and tell I that be the first time you kick it with that bitch . never see she before that huh ? oscar look I be do with that shit . all I want be you and T , forever . sophina look at he , search for the truth in he eye . sophina what you mean , forever ? oscar let I show you . oscar kiss she , move in . sophina scoot away from he . knock knock knock . oscar and sophina look over at the door . child voice ( o.s. ) daddy . oscar look at sophina . sophina what ? she 's askin for you . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 6. 2 continued : 2 oscar ( to child ) hold on , T. oscar jump up and grab the bag of weed off of the dresser and hide it in the closet . he rush over and open the door where we see tatiana grant , a cute 4 year old girl , stand wear footie pajamas . tatiana I can not sleep ... before tatiana can even finish , oscar have she in he arm . he bring she over to the bed and place she next to sophina . oscar you want to sleep in here with mommy and daddy ? tatiana nod . sophina you know better than that T. ( to oscar ) what time be it ? oscar pick up he phone and look at it . oscar damn , it 's after midnight . he open he phone up . press compose text message ( as he type the message , the word appear as graphic across the screen like sub titles ) to mom : happy birthday !!! love you !!! oscar send the text off . he hook he phone up to the charge and hit the light switch , leave we in darkness . tatiana daddy . oscar wussup , baby ? tatiana I do not want to move to livermore . oscar and sophina laugh at this . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 7. 2 continued : 2 sophina hella nosy ... oscar do not worry T , aint nobody 's move right now . go to sleep . 3 int . oscar' apartment - bathroom - day 3 oscar stand in the shower , let the water run over he head . there look to be a lot on he mind . 4 int . oscar' apartment - kitchen - day 4 sophina and oscar move around the small kitchen like a well oile machine . sophina , wear a WalMart uniform , make two lunch . oscar wipe milk from tatiana 's face and fix she hair . tatiana mommy can I have two of the fruit snack today ? sophina no , T. you can take a extra apple if you want . tatiana but mommy I - sophina do not argue T. tatiana pout . sophina downs a cup full of orange juice , grab both lunch bag , tatiana , and head for the door . sophina ( cont 'd ) com 'on osc . we gotta stop and get gas too . oscar we get enough to get yall there . sophina shoot oscar a look . oscar ( cont 'd ) go start the car up . you get you key ? ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 8. 4 continued : 4 sophina nod . oscar ( cont 'd ) go . I gotta grab my beanie . sophina and tatiana leave . oscar watch they go for a beat . he turn to the cabinet . 5 omitted 5 6 ext . first fruit learning CENTER - day 6 oscar and tatiana walk to the downstairs entrance of a two story house . a picture of a apple tree be paint next to the door . oscar squat down to she level and brushes down a frizz in she hair . he look back at the car . we see that sophina be adjust she make up in the fold down mirror . oscar turn to tatiana . he then take she hand , and place something inside of it . tatiana look down into she hand and we see that it be a small bag of fruit snack . she look up at oscar with a bright eye expression . but oscar quickly place he finger over he lip . tatiana nod in agreement , try to hold back a huge smile . she give he a swift kiss on the cheek . he stand up and knock on the front door . mrs . stacy a motherly look Black woman in she 50' open the door . mrs . stacy good morning tatiana ! ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 9. 6 continued : 6 tatiana good morning Mrs. stacy . tatiana head into the house . oscar smile at Mrs. Stacey , and she nod back . he watch tatiana run off into house . 7 omitted 7 8 int . sophina's car - walmart parking lot - day 8 oscar and sophina look on at the wal mart entrance . oscar see ? told you we would make it . the light aint even on yet . she look at the dashboard where there be a picture of oscar hold tatiana tuck in the glass . the fuel gage sit almost under E , but the light still be not on . she stare at the store entrance . sophina you gonna go home and sleep , right ? oscar naw , imma go up to the job . get some stuff for tonight . sophina ugh . I would rather die than come here on my day off . ( beat ) what time we suppose to be at you grandma's ? oscar prolly like seven . sophina we gonna go to Frisco again ? catch the firework ? oscar nod . sophina smile at the idea of Frisco , for a beat . sophina ( cont 'd ) let I get in here . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 10 . 8 continued : 8 she quickly sit up . oscar lean over to give she a kiss on the cheek , make a farting sound on she neck instead . sophina chuckle at this as she get out of the car . sophina ( cont 'd ) bye . oscar ( playfully ) Love you too . slam ! sophina shut the door on he . oscar laugh . his smile fade , as he watch she go inside . 9 int . sophina's car - day 9 oscar , now in the car by himself ride in the car listen to hip hop music . he come to a red light . he look at the car radio clock : 8:58 am . he think to himself for a beat , he look dissatisfied . he turn he music up for a beat and listen to it . he look around , still not at ease . he turn off he music and pull out he cellphone . he take a quick look around to see what car be around , before dial number . calling mom flash on the screen . he hold the phone to he ear . intercut with : 10 ext . ups warehouse entrance - day 10 a beautiful Black woman in she late 40' wear a ups manager 's uniform , this be wanda johnson . she walk towards the entrance of she store , when she cellphone ring in she purse . she pull it out , stress . answer it without look . wanda hello ? oscar last shot right here , you sure you want to work on you birthday ? you still get time to catch a cold ... wanda 's face brighten up with a familiar look smile . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 10aa . 10 continued : 10 wanda hello Son ! thanks for the text last night . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 10a . 10 continued : 10 oscar no problem . come on , let 's go celebrate right now . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 11 . 10 continued : 10 wanda laugh at this . wanda as tempting as that sound ... this place would be a mess without I today . ( beat ) we close early though ... oscar okay ... you still want I to get a couple crab , right ? wanda yes , and can you pick some ... be you drive ? oscar yeah ma. wanda you wear you earpiece ? oscar hesitates for a beat . oscar yeah ... wanda do not lie to I . that 's all you need be to get pull over right now . put you earpiece on , oscar . oscar sigh ... this be nothing new . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 12. 10 continued : 10 oscar hold on . he pull the car over . he look around for he earpiece for beat - no luck . he take he cellphone , and slide it into the elastic of he beanie - a poor man 's bluetooth . he pull off . oscar ( cont 'd ) hello ? wanda it 's on now ? oscar yeah ma. wanda okay pick up a couple of packet of dry shrimp too . come by on you way , I will give you the money . oscar Nah ma , it 's good . wanda alright I will pay you back tonight . oscar ma , do not trip off that . I get you . wanda pause for a beat . wanda okay , so you be buy this , with Farmer Joe 's money ... right ? oscar ye - wanda because that 's the only kind of money you have right now ... right ? ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 13. 10 continued : 10 oscar yeah ma , and I be gonna use my discount . wanda okay , well let I run in here . I will see you later tonight . oscar Love you . wanda Love you too . wanda hang up the phone . she look at it for a beat . then put it back in she purse and head into the warehouse . a11 ext . farmer joe' parking lot - day - moment later a11 we see the entrance of Farmer Joe 's , and shopper come in and out . oscar look around for a beat , and take off he hoody , and put it into he back pocket . we follow he into - 11 int . farmer joe be - day - moment later 11 it be a moderately size grocery store , but several shopper move about the aisle . oscar walk over to the seafood section where cato caldwell , a 22 year old charismatic Black male stand behind the counter wear a deli apron . cato see oscar and smile brightly . he take a pile of fish off the scale , bag it , and it to a older black woman . he take off he clear glove and slap hand with oscar over the counter . cato sup osc , bruh ? oscar shit . what 's good ? cato you lookin for emi ? oscar yeah . he here today ? cato Hell yeah he be . he be just over here ... ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 13a . 11 continued : 11 cato look around at the surround aisle . no sign of he . oscar I come to get some crab too . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 14 . 11 continued : 11 cato oh yeah , tell mom I say happy birthday . I have mean to call she this morning . oscar you should come through grandma house tonight . cato bruh I wish I could , but I gotta bust a couple move tonight . what 's good for the countdown though ? oscar Frisco . firework and the whole shit - oscar see something out of the corner of he eye . he motion he head for cato to look . cato turn and see - katie , a White girl in she mid 20' , play with she iphone while wait for help . cato quickly make he way over . cato you ready ? katie uh , yeah ... I want to get a pound of , wait ... can I see what you sole look like ? cato sole ? cato take a sidestep over to he leave and motion to a pile of fish . katie yeah , no , wait . you catfish . let I see what that look like .... cato point to the catfish . Katie look at it , then look down to she phone . katie ( cont 'd ) okay but , I want to fry it . like a fish fry . be this the one you can fry ? cato give she a " be you serious ? " look . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 14a . 11 continued : 11 cato every fish we sell here can be fry . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 15 . 11 continued : 11 Katie look at he , still flustered . katie okay , let I have a second . she look back down at she iphone , and take a step back . cato turn to oscar . cato what you need for mom , bruh ? oscar let I get three dungeness . cato nod and walk over to the crab . oscar ( cont 'd ) fat one too , bruh . cato bet. oscar turn to Katie . oscar you family have a fish fry for New year or something ? Katie look up from she phone , a bit catch off guard . katie ahh , yeah . something like that . oscar it 's cool . I work here . she look at oscar suspiciously . oscar ( cont 'd ) it 's my day off . Katie smile nervously . look at cato who nod at Katie in approval . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 16 . 11 continued : 11 katie oh , okay . ( beat ) well , I be cooking dinner tonight for my friend , before we go to the city . and he really like fry fish , like southern style . and I maybe lie a bit , and say that I know how to cook like that . oscar laugh at this . Katie shake she head . oscar be he black ? katie what ? who ? oscar you boyfriend . Katie blushes . katie he 's white . but he know a lot of black people ... he 's not my boyfriend either ... oscar chuckle at this . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 17 . 11 continued : 11 Katie look down at she phone again . she use she finger to zoom in on something . katie ( cont 'd ) I be not sure what type of fish he want . and most of this recipe be different on this site . oscar watch she with a look of pity . suddenly , a idea flash before he eye . he pull out he cellphone , quickly dial a number , and hold it to he ear . 12 int . grandma bonnie' house - kitchen - continuous 12 we see grandma bonnie , a black woman in she early 70' , put flower into a vase on she kitchen counter . a cordless phone ring on the counter . she look at the phone for a beat then she cheer up . grandma bonnie ( into phone ) hello ? intercut with : pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 18. 13 int . farmer joe be - seafood section - continuous 13 oscar hold he cellphone and snap at Katie to get she attention . oscar grandma ... grandma bonnie oscar ? what 's go on baby ? oscar I be at my job , and this girl here - grandma bonnie you say you be at work ? oscar well , yeah .... grandma bonnie Boy you know better than to be talk on the phone while you be at work ! bye ! oscar grandma , grandma , I be off today . I be just shopping for the party . grandma bonnie oh , I think you be up there play on the phone . oscar naw grandma . but I get this girl here , she want to fry fish for she boyfriend , but she do not know how . you think you could tell she what she need to know and everything ? ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 19 . 13 continued : 13 grandma bonnie oh no problem , baby . what kind of fish do she want to fry ? oscar ( to Katie ) what type of F - - , wait .. ( into phone ) she do not know . grandma bonnie what you mean she do not know ? put she on the phone . oscar ( into phone ) hold on . oscar hold out the phone for Katie . she reach out apprehensively . he give she a reassure look . she take it . katie ( whisper ) what 's she name ? oscar ( whisper back ) grandma bonnie . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 20 . 13 continued : 13 katie ( into phone ) hello , grandma bonnie , it 's Katie , Nice to meet you . Katie smile and block she other ear to hear better . cato ( o.s. ) pssst ! oscar snap he head to cato , who motion for oscar to look down the aisle . oscar look over and see , emi , a thirtysomething Hispanic man wear a white collare shirt and a name tag . he check the shelf with a barcode scan device . oscar slowly head over . oscar good morning , emi. emi oscar , what 's go on ?? oscar have to grab some stuff for my Mom 's birthday . emi I hope you find everything that you need . emi turn and start for the next aisle . oscar emi , hold up man , I want to talk to you . emi it 's a little nut right now , holiday and all . but what 's up ? Long beat . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 21. 13 continued : 13 oscar I just want ... ( beat ) I need my job back . I need my job back . emi position 's be fill . take care man . emi turn to head down the aisle , oscar reach out and grab emi by he sleeve . emi stop and turn around . oscar look , I be go through some shit , try to get back on my foot . but I need this job man . I will show up early every day . you can start I back off with one shift a week or whatever . I be here . you can work I 40 hour a week and pay I for 20 . I be here . emi oscar , dude . I hire somebody else . for I to hire you back , that mean I have to let someone else go . someone with no felony . who 's never show up late once . I like you man , but I can not do that . I be sorry . if something else open up , maybe I will let you know . take care of yourself . emi walk away . oscar watch he . katie ( o.s. ) hey ! oscar turn around to find Katie , hold out he phone for he to take . oscar look at she basket , it 's now full of fish and supplies . oscar you sure you get enough ? katie oh my god , you grandmother be so sweet ! I can not believe she be kind enough to do that . oscar trust I . she 's happy to help . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 22-24. 13 continued : 13 katie thank you so much ... Katie by the way . she extend she hand to shake with oscar . oscar smile , shake it . oscar oscar . katie oscar ... like the grouch !! oscar shake he head at this . Katie start off towards the register . katie ( cont 'd ) take care . oscar 's nod . he walk back over to cato , who be weigh fish for another customer . he spot oscar . cato how it go ? oscar smile wide and nod . he reach over the counter and grab the bag of crab , then bump fist with cato . cato ( cont 'd ) that 's wussup bruh ! imma hit you tonight ! yall can ride with I . oscar nod and head towards the checkout line , he smile fade . 14 int . oscar' house kitchen - moment later 14 oscar place the bag of crab in the refrigerator . he close it and look at the refrigerator for a beat . on it we see several drawing do by tatiana hold on the door by magnet . oscar smile at this . his phone ring : big sis calling intercut with Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 25 . 15 int . kfc manager' office - continuous 15 chantay , a 25 year old Black woman , wear a kfc employee uniform pinch a cellphone between she ear and she shoulder . she organize papers in a folder while she talk into the phone . chantay hey , chump ! what you doin ? oscar at the house , just get back from the job . chantay I think you be off today . oscar I be . chantay oh ... you call mom yet ? oscar yup . chantay oh okay . I get good news and bad news . oscar think for a bit . oscar bad news first . chantay I need help with the rent for this month . oscar how much ? chantay like $ 300 . I will get you back in a couple of week . oscar okay . what 's the good news . chantay I be work overtime tonight . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 25a . 15 continued : 15 oscar what ? that 's fuck bad news too . chantay no it 's not . double time and a half . oscar c'mon chantay . chantay hey , gotta do it . mom understand . but I need you to get she a card and sign it for I . oscar aight . chantay and osc , do not get I a fake ass card with white people on it . I want a black card . and not one of that joke card either . oscar aight . I get you . chantay thank you oscar , love you . oscar Love you too , scrub . chantay bye . oscar close he phone . thinks to himself for a beat . he open he phone back up and punch some number . Calling Marcus flash across the screen . intercut with 16 int . barber shop - day 16 marcus , a tough look asian - american man about oscar 's age sit in a barber 's chair , a Black barber cut he hair . his phone vibrate in he pocket , and the barber step back to let he answer it . he pull out a iphone and talk into it . marcus wussup wit it , osc ? ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 25b . 16 continued : 16 oscar wussup bruh ? my bad about last night . you still tryna get that ? marcus yeah , but I aint out that way . imma be in the town all day . oscar take a beat . oscar shit bruh I can come to you . marcus okay ... meet I over there by the water bruh . right off of 80 . I will be over there in like a hour . oscar aight , bet . marcus bet. oscar hang up he phone . Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 26 . 17 int . oscar' bedroom 17 oscar quickly walk over to he closet and grab the bag of weed . he neaten up the room a bit , and take off . 18 int . hallmark store - day 18 the store be small and brightly light . oscar be read a card from off the birthday for mother rack . we see that on the card be a picture of a black woman walk on the beach hold she son 's hand . inscribe over it be the word to the religious poem " footstep " by anonymous . oscar 's eye quickly scan the poem : he 's read it before . oscar open the card , and look inside for a beat . he look up , move by the word . he stare off into space . 19 int . visiting room - san quentin correctional facility - 19 ten month earlier we look through a foggy window at wanda sit at one of several large wooden table with plastic chair place around they . there be a few visitors already sit at table with inmate . several correction officer stand by . we see oscar , shirtless , arm behind he head , be look through the glass window of the search room . a correction Officer be conduct a search . oscar 's face be bruise under he leave eye , and there be a small white bandage strip on the leave side of he face . he turn around , bend over and cough . he turn back around , and the officer hand he he Blue shirt and pants . oscar put they on and - buzz . the door open , and oscar walk through the large room to wanda 's table . as he approach she stand up . oscar hey ma. oscar give she a hug , lean across the table . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 27 . 19 continued : 19 wanda what happen to you face ? oscar you look nice . wanda shake she head . oscar ( cont 'd ) my girl come over last night ? wanda nod . laugh a bit . wanda we play board game . oscar " candyland " ? wanda nod . laugh a bit more now . oscar ( cont 'd ) yall let she win too , I bet . wanda of course . ( continued ) Blue ( 6/13/2012 ) 28. 19 continued : 19 oscar yall hella weak for that . she get no easy victory with I around . oscar smile and notice wanda be smile about something on she mind . oscar ( cont 'd ) what ? wanda do you remember that microwave popcorn you buy a while back ? oscar yeah , the kettle corn . hella good . wanda yes , kettle corn . I pop some of that for we , and I be put it into a bowl . tatiana 's look up at I , like she want something . wanda start to chuckle a bit again . oscar c'mon . what she say ? wanda she look up at I and say , " grandma , do we have any dark butter ? " oscar look at wanda with a confuse look . oscar Dark butter ? wanda yeah , I be think she see " food Network " or something . so I say , " what 's dark butter sweetheart ? " she say , " when daddy take I to see wall . E he ask for light butter , so I want to try some dark butter this time . " oscar look at wanda with a bright eye expression . oscar she be gettin way too smart . another buzz from the door be hear . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 29 . 19 continued : 19 as the two share a moment , daniel cale , a stocky white inmate in he early 30' walk past oscar and wanda 's table . he have a large , square bandage under he leave eye . cale ( just loud enough for oscar to hear ) this mom right here ? anger flash over oscar 's eye . cale ( cont 'd ) she a snitch to ? oscar what ? what the fuck you say about my Mom bruh ? wanda oscar ! cale fuck you and that bitch . oscar you tough in here with this guard huh ? two correction officer move quickly over to oscar 's table . cale , continue to walk towards a the table with the woman and the frizzy haire girl . correction officer 1 be there a problem here ? oscar naw , we good . cale that 's my best friend right there . cale flash a mischievous smile . the correction Officer come over and stand between the two . oscar watch as cale sit down across from the woman , who hold the baby . cale smile at the woman , and make coochie coo face at the baby . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 30 . 19 continued : 19 woman pass the child to cale over the table . oscar look on with malice . wanda oscar , calm down . wanda 's voice snap the anger off of he face . he look back to wanda , and he anger subside . wanda ( cont 'd ) what happen to you face ? oscar Dark butter huh ? she always listen . wanda stare at oscar . oscar ( cont 'd ) she too smart for she own good man . the preschool say we should think about start she in school early . phina tell you that ? wanda do not respond . oscar ( cont 'd ) yeah , we be gonna put she in private school . I be lookin at St. bede the other day . it 's this other school that start they off learn Spanish , then it gradually get they back go on English . it 's like a new thing - wanda I be not come to see you anymore . oscar stop in he track . oscar what you mean ? wanda I be not come here , to this visit anymore . this be the last time . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 31 . 19 continued : 19 oscar I know I know I know . this be my last time too . I tell you that . I be not goin down no more . wanda you want to keep put sophina through this ... go ahead . but tatiana do not deserve this . she do not have a choice . oscar take this in . oscar she too young to know what 's go on right now . wanda I guess that 's why she ask I why you love take you vacation more than be with she . oscar cut he eye from wanda . oscar she aint say that . wanda so I be the liar now . oscar take a beat to think about this . oscar tell she that I love she more than anything in the world . and that I - ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 32. 19 continued : 19 wanda tell she yourself . next time you call . tell you daughter how much you love she over the phone . or better yet , just let she come visit you ? oscar I do not want she to see I like this . wanda like what ? oscar in a box . wanda but this be how you be right now . oscar I do not want she to be expose to this . wanda you have already expose she to it ! wanda lean back in she chair - she 's do . oscar so you really not gonna visit I no more ? I get four more month !! oscar lean in . oscar ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) ma , this shit aint like rita . it 's crazy in here . I do not know if I can make it without you see you that long . wanda I love you oscar , I be praying for you , and I will see you when you get home . wanda scoot back in she chair , stand up , and head towards the exit . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 33. 19 continued : 19 oscar remain seat in he chair . oscar ma , hold up . let I get a hug . wanda continue to walk . oscar stand up , and follow behind wanda . his foot pass a yellow line . oscar ( cont 'd ) ma! wanda continue on , not turn around . oscar ( cont 'd ) ma! hold up ! the c.o. see this . correction officer 1 grant , back in you assign visit area . oscar ignore he , and continue to follow he Mom . the c.o. hit a button on he walkie , and motion to the other c.o. 's . they quickly move towards oscar and attempt to grab he . oscar get the fuck off I ! oscar jerk away . oscar ( cont 'd ) ma! the c.o. 's grab oscar and lift he up off of the ground . oscar ( cont 'd ) get off I ! ma! ma! wanda continue on . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 34 . 19 continued : 19 oscar ( cont 'd ) ma. ma ! hold up ! ( to c.o. 's ) let I just give she a hug right quick before she leave ! we pull back with wanda as she walk away , try to hide she pain . another correction Officer sprint past she towards oscar , who we can still see in the distance . oscar ( cont 'd ) ma! ma! ( to the c.o.s ) get the fuck off I ! ( to wanda ) ma! ma! oscar look on at wanda as she leave , grow small in the distance . 20 int . hallmark store - day - present 20 oscar still stare off into space , move by this memory . he snap out of it , head towards the register with the card in hand . 21 int . sophina's car - day 21 oscar start the car up , look at he dashboard . he see that the fuel light be on . pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 35-35a . 22 ext . gas station - day 22 oscar pump he gas . he look at a poster of Obama that read change , post on the gas pump . he look across the lot and notice a Zale engagement ring poster . he pull out he phone . start to text . to sophina : want I to come up there for you lunch break ? he send it off . close , wait for a bit . it buzze . he open it . from sophina : already take it . oscar put he phone back into he pocket . he turn and begin to pump he gas . he set the handle to automatically pump , and look up and notice something . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 36 . 22 continued : 22 we see it be a gnarly - look male pit bull sniff around a few foot from oscar 's tire . it look to be maybe 3 or 4 year old . oscar whistle at the dog and call he over . oscar pet he on the head , we see its ear be a bit scar , but it have beautiful brown eye . he feel around the dog 's neck - no collar . oscar look around for a owner for a beat while the dog lick he hand . click - oscar 's gas tank be full . he turn away from the dog , place the pump back on the base , and screw he fuel cap back in . he look back to where the dog be and do not see he . he scan the block and panic strike he face . he take off run towards the street . oscar shit ! no , no , no stop ! schreech ... bam ! we hear it before we see it . a sicken sound . a animal yelp , a car speed off . oscar run into the street chase a car go too fast for we to see . oscar ( cont 'd ) ( at the car ) hey ! stop you bitch ass muthafucka !! he stop , turn around , and run over to something lie in the street . it 's the dog , and he 's in bad shape . oscar pick the dog up out of the street , and place he on the sidewalk . oscar ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) come 'on boy . come on . the dog 's breathe grow more struggle . oscar ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) shit . ( shouting ) somebody help ! somebody fuck help ! ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 37 . 22 continued : 22 oscar continue to pet he head . the dog start to violently shake ... he become unnaturally still . oscar stare at the Dog for a long beat , shake up by this . he look around , no one seem to have notice . he bend down , close the Dog 's eye , and head for he car . 23 ext . point emery - parking lot - day 23 it be a empty parking lot next to a beautiful view of the Bay . oscar 's car pull up . after a short beat . a Lexus pull up along side of it . Marcus hop out of the Lexus and walk over to oscar 's car . 24 int . sophina's car 24 oscar lean over and open the passenger side door for Marcus to get in . marcus shit bruh I do not think we be ever gonna link up . you be good ? oscar stare out of the window . oscar I get good news and bad news my nigg . marcus awww naw , osc bruh , do not tell I you aint get it . oscar sold it to a white boy bruh . marcus awww osc . for how much ? oscar gave I a rack for it . Marcus make a face . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 38. 24 continued : 24 marcus no way I be goin that high . shit bruh . I need that though ... what 's the good news ? oscar turn to Marcus hand he a brown pre - roll joint . oscar for you trouble . marcus right on osc bruh . he pull out a wad of money . oscar it 's good bruh . take it . marcus you sure ? oscar nod . marcus ( cont 'd ) right on bruh . Marcus pull out a lighter . marcus ( cont 'd ) burn one with ya boy right quick . Marcus light up the joint , take a hit , hold it out for oscar , but oscar just stare out of the window . oscar I be good , that 's all you bruh . Marcus put it back into he mouth . marcus right on osc , then bruh . they slap hand , and Marcus get out of the car . we hear he get into he car , and start he car up . oscar wait for a beat . he then reach under he seat and grab something . 25 ext . point emery - shoreline - day 25 oscar walk out onto the shoreline , look at the water . he look around for a beat . he walk all the way out into the water . stand on rock . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 38a . 25 continued : 25 he look over both shoulder , to make sure no one be watch . he then go into he waistband and pull out the Ziplock bag of weed . he squat down , open the bag , and dump it into the water . he watch as the green bud float off . 26 ext . walmart entrance - continous 26 oscar walk up to the heavily crowded store entrance . we see sophina exite hold a large cardboard cake box . oscar take it from she . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 39 . 26 continued : 26 oscar what flavor do you get . sophina carrot cake . oscar look at the cake box . oscar why you do not get ice cream ? sophina Cause it aint you birthday nigga . sophina ( cont 'd ) can you take I by my grandma 's house so I can get change ? jason yeah . you know it would be hella easier if you just have you stuff at my spot right . when you gonna move in . sophina probably when you stop have tree in the car before we pick up T. she get into the car . 27 omitted 27 27a omitted 27a pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 39a . 28 ext . first fruit learning CENTER - backyard - day - continuous 28 we follow oscar as he turn the corner into a backyard full of toy and kide tatiana 's age . Mrs. Stacey watch they , smile , but with vigilant eye . tatiana spot oscar and run up and give he a hug . oscar wave and smile at Mrs. Stacey , who wave back . he walk over to the sign out sheet and grab a pen . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 40-40a . 28 continued : 28 tatiana we play " freeze tag " today . oscar oh yeah ? tatiana they could not catch I . oscar look up from the sign in sheet . oscar you think you be faster than daddy ? tatiana look back at oscar challengingly . oscar look at something behind tatiana with concern . oscar ( cont 'd ) what 's that right there ? tatiana take the bait - the oldest trick in the book . oscar take off . 29 ext . first fruit learning CENTER - day 29 oscar be beat tatiana to the car by a mile . tatiana follow he laugh loudly . tatiana you cheat ! 30 int . sophina's grandmother' house - kitchen - day 30 a small television sit next to the stove play a telenovella . look at the episode from the kitchen doorway be mariana pangelina , sophina 's 65 year old grandmother . sizzling can be hear come from the kitchen . the front door open , and in walk sophina , oscar , and tatiana . tatiana bisabuella ! mariana hola tatiana ! tatiana run to mariana and give she a hug . oscar give she a kiss on the cheek . sophina give she a hug . the three take a seat at the kitchen table . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 41 . 30 continued : 30 mariana continue to cook . sophina grandma , can you watch T tonight ? we gonna go to Frisco . mariana shake she head . mariana ask you sister . sophina but Rose get hella kid to watch . mariana but what 's the difference between watch six kid , and watch seven ? sophina think about this . mariana ( cont 'd ) ( to tatiana ) quiere pasar la noche con sus primo ? tatiana nod . sophina sigh , pull out she cell phone , and head out of the kitchen . mariana turn to oscar . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 41a . 30 continued : 30 mariana ( cont 'd ) ( to oscar ) how 's work ? oscar you know ... it 's work . mariana hmm . oscar think on this , exit the kitchen in the direction of sophina . only tatiana be leave at the table . mariana smile . at she . she put some pollo on a fork , and take it over to she . 31 int . sophina's childhood bedroom - moment later 31 as oscar enter , we see sophina be in she bra and panty , talk into she cellphone . she lay several different outfit out on the bed . oscar close the bedroom door , lean on it . sophina ( into phone ) alright ... we will be through there at like 10 .. she hang up she phone , and toss it on the bed . sophina ( cont 'd ) Rose gonna watch T. she look through the clothes on she bed and lift up a checker hoodie , put it to she chest . look at herself in a full body mirror , sigh at she reflection . sophina ( cont 'd ) what you think ? oscar ( disinterested ) it 's cool . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 42. 31 continued : 31 sophina turn around and look at oscar , sense something be eat at he . she put the hoodie down , and walk over to he . sophina you okay ? you be hella weird today . oscar naw , I be smooth . just a little tired . sophina 's not buy it . sophina osc. wussup ? oscar look at she for a beat . cut he eye . oscar ( to himself ) fuck it . ( to sophina ) I lose my job . sophina look at he like he 's speak another language ... for a long beat . sophina what the fuck you mean ? do they lay you off ? oscar do not say anything . sophina ( cont 'd ) they do cutback or some shit ? oscar I get fire . sophina for what ? oscar showin up late . miss a couple day when I have to get some money . sophina they tell you today ? oscar wait a beat . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 43. 31 continued : 31 oscar keep it real , they fire I two week ago . sophina 's eye get as wide as quarter . oscar ( cont 'd ) my bad - sophina do not fuck my bad I osc ! what be you doin when you be pretend to go to work ? you know what ? I do not even want to know . oscar I think I be gonna be able to get my shit back . sophina look at he and shake she head . sophina ( to herself ) you think life a fuck joke ... you think you be gonna get fire and then somebody be go give you thier job back ? what world do you live in ? oscar phina , sophina you aint shit , you know that ? you lie to I , you lie to you fuck daughter . you do not give a fuck about we . oscar I do not have to tell you shit . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 44 . 31 continued : 31 sophina so you would have just keep fake like you be go to work ? and would have just be out bustin nock ? and do whatever else , or whoever else you do while I be at work ? oscar I think you want the truth ... but you be not try to hear that . sophina do not know what to say to this . sophina I want you to be honest with I . but off top . from the fuck jump . not after you lie for two week get cornere , and do not have a choice . ( beat ) what do you today . hmm . I bet you sell that fuck zip . oscar I dumped it . I be do with that shit . I be tired . that 's what I be try to tell you . think I could start fresh today . but that shit aint work out . a long beat . sophina you throw it away ? oscar nod . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 45 . 31 continued : 31 sophina ( cont 'd ) you toss a whole zip of weed . and you do not have a job . oscar do not say anything . he smile at this . sophina ( cont 'd ) oh my God I could slap you right now . sophina hug he , he do not resist this time . hug she back . sophina ( cont 'd ) what be you gonna do ? oscar I do not know ? something legal . gonna see if my sister can hire I again , while I look . maybe if I can just not fuck up , for 30 day .. Oprah say that 's all it take to form a habit , right ? sophina laugh , oscar kiss she . sophina look at I . oscar look at she closely . sophina ( cont 'd ) you really do with that shit ? he nod . sophina ( cont 'd ) you better be . do not make I have to do this shit alone , again . I do not know if I can . oscar kiss she neck . sophina reach back and unhook she bra . oscar kiss she face , pick she up . Blue ( 6/13/2012 ) 45a . 32 int . sophina's grandmother' house - kitchen - dusk 32 mariana and tatiana sit side by side at the table , spellbound by the telenovella . pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 46-48. 33 ext . grandma bonnie' house - porch - night 33 oscar , with tatiana sit on he shoulder , and a bag of crab in he hand , walk up to the porch of a modest house . sophina stand at he side hold a cake . oscar use he key to open the door . 34 int . grandma bonnie' house - entrance - night 34 the three enter the house and walk through the house into the kitchen . wanda , wear casual clothes now , fill up a pot with water . grandma bonnie wash a basin full of vegetable . oscar happy birthday ! oscar take tatiana off she shoulder and sit she down . everyone greet each other . wanda hey baby . you guy be just in time . oscar sit the crab down on the counter next to the sink . he give he mother a big bear hug . she smile , hug he back just as tight . oscar let go and move on to he grandmother . sophina and tatiana come give wanda hug . wanda ( cont 'd ) oh my god , you guy get a cake too ? sophina blushes . everyone laugh at this ... even ceephus . wanda and grandma bonnie begin to take the grocery out of the plastic bag . wanda pull out two massive crab . look in the bag and see the third . wanda ( cont 'd ) osc . you know all I need be two , you do not have to spend so much money . oscar do not trip , it be not that much . oscar turn from the kitchen into the de . pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 49 . 36 int . grandma bonnie' house - den - night 36 two man in they 50' sit down on the couch across from a tv play espn . this be oscar 's uncle daryl and ceephus johnson . oscar walk over to a recliner adjacent to they and pull the hallmark bag out of he waistband . he sit down in the recliner and sign he Mom 's card . oscar who you goin for in the Super bowl unc ? oscar watch , and wait for they to take the bait . ceephus steeler . daryl shake he head at this . daryl a raider fan , cheer for the steeler . ceephus Black uniform , black player , black coach . coach even have a black wife . I be go with the steeler . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 50 . 36 continued : 36 daryl you be insane , you know that ? oscar crack up at this . 37 int . grandma bonnie' house - kitchen - night - continuous 37 start montage wanda and sophina clean the crab with brushes and different utensil . grandma bonnie start up a roux in a large skillet . uncle daryl make a large pitcher of lemonade from concentrate . sophina and oscar pull out glass , dish , and utensil for everyone . tatiana watch oscar closely . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 51 . 37 continued : 37 a large pot be place atop the gas stove . the burner blaze under it , as wanda drop the now clean crab into the bucket . she drop in the vegetable and begin to stir . bowl be grab by everyone and they be fill up by wanda , with white rice first , and then the brown gumbo be pour over it , along with large piece of un - crack crab . everyone eat they gumbo in the kitchen . laugh talk . wanda blow out the candle on she cake , cut it , hand out everyone a slice . end montage 38 int . grandma bonnie' house - den - hour later 38 everyone be finish up they cake , it 's about half go now . oscar sit on the couch between wanda and sophina . ceephus and daryl now sit in plush chair with metal frame pull up next to the coffee table . grandma bonnie sit in a recliner at the foot of the coffee table . grandma bonnie if somebody tell I say twenty year ago , that I would live to see it happen , I would have laugh in they face . oscar if somebody would have tell I that two year ago I would have laugh in they face . daryl and here we be . 2008 and its happen . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 52. 38 continued : 38 ceephus but I think it 's a sign of the time . the country be in bad enough shape for they to hand it over to a black guy . look , if Bush have not have mess the country up so bad . would he have even have a shot ? daryl I think he still would have have a shot . ceephus but would he have win though ? wanda well , I be happy the do win . if the country really be as mess up as you say , I think he 's we best chance of fix it . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 53. 38 continued : 38 sophina I keep think about how much it mean for T. oscar when I be come up , teacher use to love to tell I , " you can be the President of the United States . " wanda you would make a great politician . you can talk you way out of anything . sophina and oscar share a look . oscar but I will never forget , in my fourth grade classroom we have this poster . it have all 40 some odd president on that thang . and I look at all they face . and it be all white dude . at that point , I realize my teacher be lie to I . ( beat ) a part of I aint believe what no teacher have say to I since . daryl now there will be a black face on that poster . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 54 . 38 continued : 38 grandma bonnie well let 's let he get in there first . wanda I know , I still feel like it 's just too good to be true . ceephus what 's so good about it ? daryl a black man , one of we have be elect president , fair and square . ceephus shake he head at this . ceephus but he 's not one of we . he be not affect by slavery . wanda have have enough of this . she stand up and start to grab everyone 's plate . she head into the kitchen to wash . oscar watch she for a beat , then follow after she . goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 55 . 39 int . grandma bonnie' house - kitchen - moment later 39 wanda stand over the sink wash the dish . oscar stand next to she , drying they . wanda ( o.s. ) thanks for you help tonight . oscar oh , come 'on ma , do not mention it . you should not even be do this . wanda I enjoy wash dish . it 's relax . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 56 . 39 continued : 39 oscar roll he eye at this . she hand he another dish . wanda ( cont 'd ) I really enjoy have you here . ( beat ) you think it 's safe for I to get use to have you around ? oscar I tell you . I aint missin no more party . she look at oscar for a long beat , search for the truth in he eye . she find it . wanda you guy get plan for tonight ? oscar yeah , nothing major . gonna meet up with cato , Jack , Jason and couple other cat . head out to the City . wanda you guy gonna go out out ? oscar naw . we gonna keep it low key . probably just catch the firework , and then roll around after that . wanda Roll around ? oscar yeah , just chill , we will be cool . sophina 's get work in the morning too . wanda you guy gonna be drink ? ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 57 . 39 continued : 39 oscar I be sure they will . I be not gonna be drink . wanda look at oscar , not buy it . oscar laugh . wanda why do not you catch bart out there ? that way you can drink and hang out , and not have to worry about anything . oscar yeah we might catch bart . wanda no traffic either . you know its gonna be crazy . go and come back . oscar yeah , we might have to do it . wanda promise I , if you and you friend go , you will catch the train . ( beat ) I be serious . oscar okay , I promise . wanda aight . do not make I follow you guy to make sure ... you remember prom . oscar laugh at this so hard he have to sit the bowl . he pull out he phone and start to text . to cato : let 's catch bart out there . tell everybody to meet at South hayward Station . he press send . he pick the dish back up , and dry it . his phone buzze . he look at it . from cato : aight bet . we will see you there in minute . pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 58. 40 int . grandma bonnie be - house - den - 20 minute later 40 oscar , sophina , and tatiana say they good - by to grandma bonnie , and uncle daryl and uncle ceephus . oscar walk up to wanda . oscar alright we out , birthday girl . Love you . wanda Love you too , son . and happy New Year . oscar give she a big hug and kiss , then turn and lead he family out of the door . wanda watch they , and shut the door behind he . 41 int . sophina's car - later 41 oscar drive through hayward in silence , turn he wheel . tatiana watch out of the backseat passenger window with a solemn expression . she look up at a bright flash of light in the sky . we see outside she window , a group of young teenager stand on a street corner and shoot off a Roman candle . 42 omitted 42 43 int . sophina's car - continuous 43 oscar and sophina sit in the front seat of the car . they both look tired . they look back at tatiana who continue to lookout of the window . oscar ( whisper ) you do not want to just call it a night ? sophina think about this . shake she head . sophina ( whisper as well ) I want to go to the city ... it 's be a minute since we be out together too . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 59 . 43 continued : 43 oscar alright . they both get out of the car . oscar grab tatiana and walk up to the house . he ring the doorbell . 44 int . rose's house - live room - continuous 44 rose , sophina 's 27 year old sister , sit on the couch in front of a small television . she wear sweatpant and a pink T shirt . sprawle out a pallate of blanket and pillow on the carpet be Rose 's kid , ( all Hispanic ) lala ( 8 ) issac ( 6 ) twin eilly and angelo ( 5 ) , Alena ( 2 ) . the doorbell ring , and Rose get up off of the couch and open up the door . oscar burst into the live room . oscar happy New Year !!!! arrrghhhh !!! kide uncle oscar !!!!! Rose 's kid all jump up and growl back , mob oscar , all smile , claw at he pants . issac you gonna sleep over uncle oscar ? oscar smile at this , and shake he head . lala pleeeaaaase mommy can uncle oscar spend the night ? oscar struggle for a bit , laugh , tatiana jump into the fray , help she cousin tackle she dad . oscar , give up , laugh , and fall to the carpet . Rose and sophina look on at this . sophina laugh , Rose do not . rose c'mon osc , I just get they ready for bed ... ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 59aa . 44 continued : 44 oscar ok , ok , ok . my bad . stop you guy . time out . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 59a . 44 continued : 44 rose you guy let you uncle up . the kid ease up on oscar a bit . oscar sit up , and look at tatiana . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 60 . 44 continued : 44 oscar let 's brush that tooth . tatiana no ! she back up smile , and laugh . oscar you want you tooth to rot ? and you breath to smell like gumbo ? tatiana yes ! oscar look at she seriously . oscar no you do not . because then - the gumbo monster will get you !!!!! oscar quickly move in for the attack . tickle tatiana and pick she up . Rose 's kid laugh and follow oscar towards - 45 int . rose's house - bathroom - night 45 it be a modest bathroom . oscar sit tatiana on a wooden stool in front of the sink . tatiana get ready to place the toothbrush into she mouth but stop . she look up at oscar . oscar what ? tatiana you have gumbo , too . oscar look back at tatiana guiltily . CUT to : 46 int . rose's house - bathroom - second later 46 both tatiana and oscar stand side by side brush they tooth , smile while brush . oscar use he finger . pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 61 . 47 int . rose's house - bedroom 47 oscar put tatiana into she pajamas . sophina stand in the doorway watch they . tatiana you guy be not gonna sleep over too ? oscar I and mommy be gonna go see some friend for a little bit . we will be right back . tatiana but I do not want you to go . oscar we will be back , in a few hour I promise . tatiana but you should go to bed . you already brush you tooth . remember ? oscar I know , I know . but I and mommy promise we friend we would go and visit they . we will be back before you wake up , okay ? oscar lean over and give tatiana a kiss on the cheek . he get up and get ready to leave . tatiana nooo ! do not go . she grab he arm . tear well up in she eye . tatiana ( cont 'd ) I be scared . oscar scare of what ? tatiana I hear gun outside . oscar that be just firecraker . you will be safe inside . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 62. 47 continued : 47 tatiana but what about you daddy ? oscar I will be just fine . I will tell you what , tomorrow when we wake up , we will play " candyland " . and then guess what we can do after that ? tatiana go to the park ? oscar better . tatiana " toy R we ? " oscar better than that . tatiana what ? oscar Chuck e cheese 's . tatiana crack a gigantic smile . tatiana really ? oscar I promise . we will play all the game . and daddy 's gonna give you lot of token okay ? tatiana okay . oscar and I and you be gonna eat up all the pizza okay ? we be gonna even eat mommy 's pizza because she can not have carb . tatiana what 's a carb ? oscar do not worry about that . oscar stand up . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 62a . 47 continued : 47 oscar ( cont 'd ) I be gonna head out now baby , okay ? tatiana pout . oscar ( cont 'd ) you do not want to go in there with you cousin ? ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 63. 47 continued : 47 tatiana shake she head , still not happy about oscar leave . oscar ( cont 'd ) I love you . he kiss she on the cheek . tatiana Love you too daddy . oscar and sophina leave the room . we hear they say bye to Rose . 48 omitted 48 ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 64 . 48 continued : 48 49 ext . south hayward bart station parking lot - later 49 we follow oscar and sophina as they approach a tough look group of 20 somethings . among the group be cato , Jason greer , kris rafferty , brandon and Tim bryson , carlo reye , and vanessa rodriguez . oscar approach the group and greet everyone . oscar yall ready ? the group start walk towards the bart turnstile . talk as they walk . Jason lean in and whisper to cato . jason I can not believe this niggas bring they broad . finna be hella work in Frisco tonight . vanessa take a tea bottle from carlos , she boyfriend . carlo you gonna slow down ? I be not drag you drunk ass all over Frisco . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 65 . 49 continued : 49 brandon lean in to kris and Tim . brandon two thousand nine ... do not even sound right bruh . but twenty ten ? twenty ten be the year my nigga . we gettin it in , for twenty ten. see ? do not nothing even rhyme with two thousand nine . Tim shake he head . tim what you say just rhyme , you dumb ass nigga ! brandon man fuck that . I be boycottin 2009 bruh . come twelve o' clock it 's officially twenty - ten . we " gettin it in " in twenty - ten. kris think about this . kris what about twenty twenty though ? that shit hard as fuck . two twenty . we " gettin ' plenty " in twenty twenty . brandon but that 's skippin too many year bruh . you can not skip a whole decade . brandon turn to oscar . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 66 . 49 continued : 49 brandon ( cont 'd ) osc , osc ! take a shot with ya bruh for the New Year . oscar smile , take it . drink a small shot , and hand it back to brandon . brandon lift the bottle up at oscar like a toast . brandon ( cont 'd ) to twenty - ten. he take a quick swig . oscar give brandon a " what the fuck be you talk about " look . the group laugh at this , and follow oscar 's lead towards the station entrance . 50 int . south hayward bart station lobby - continuous 50 the group enter through the turnstile , stick they ticket in and retrieve they as they pass through . they head up the stair towards the platform . 51 int . south hayward bart station platform - continuous 51 the San Francisco bound train be dock and a few passenger be still get on to it . bart announcement voice please stand clear , door close . oscar run up and stop the door just as they be about to close . he hold it while the rest of the group board . goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 67 . 52 int . san francisco bound train - car 1 - continuous 52 oscar board , the door close , and the train take off . he look around and see the car be pack with commuter . he move through the crowd to the back of the car he pull open the door and the group enter - 53 int . san francisco bound train - car 2 - continuous 53 oscar look around and head over to some stand room next to where danae a gorgeous Black woman in she late 20' sit wear a ball gown and leather jacket . across from she sit karen and donald , a White couple dress in similar clothing . there be a empty seat next to danae , but oscar , sophina , Tim , kris , vanessa , and carlos all remain stand . brandon , however , slide into the empty seat . he put he arm around danae 's seat . brandon make sure you keep you hand to yourself ... the group laugh at this . danae turn and look at brandon , who be make a funny face at she . she can not hold in she smile . brandon take he arm down and offer she the bottle of hennessy - she decline . he turn to Karen and Donald , and offer it . Donald open he jacket and pull out a flask . he lift it at brandon , smile . brandon lift he bottle in return . the both take a swig . 54 ext . hayward STREET - night - continuous 54 the bart train zoom by above street traffic . 55 int . san francisco bound bart - train car 2 - continuous 55 a few seat down from oscar . Jason and cato have find some company . lauren and ashae two super attractive Black girl in they 20' sit next to each other . they pass a " Black and mild " cigar back and forth . cato and Jason hold onto the rail stand over they . cato take he joint from behind he ear , light it . cato you know it 's illegal to smoke " black " on bart right ? ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 68. 55 continued : 55 lauren ( laugh ) be that right officer ? cato pass the light joint to Jason . cato but its cool . we will let you slide cause its New year and all . ashae look up at Jason . ashae I like you dread . Jason pass she the joint . she take it , put she to she lip . jason I like you everything . we should work something out . ashae smile and shake she head as she take a drag in . lauren laugh . lauren we gay . cato look at they for a beat . he put he arm around Jason . cato shit , we gay too . we can do the whole gay thing together . jason collaboration ... it will be fun . lauren and ashae laugh at this . not buy it for a second . lauren yall not gay . cato Real shit ... watch ... cato turn to oscar , who be hugge up with sophina . cato ( cont 'd ) ( shouting across the car ) osc !! osc my nigga !!! ( motion to Jason ) aint we gay ? ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 69 . 55 continued : 55 oscar ( shouting back ) yall niggas be Gay as fuck ! everyone on the train laugh at this . cato turn back to the girl . cato see ? male bart train operator ( v.o. ) now approach ... West oakland Station . the stand passenger brace themselves , as the train slow to a stop . male bart train operator ( v.o. ) sorry folk , there 's gonnna be a slight delay while we sort out a issue with this other train . hand open connect car door from the other side , revealing darius , a tough look back teenager wear a hoodie and a colorful backpack . he be follow by two other black teenager - he friend . Darius make eye contact with oscar for a long beat ... lift he head . oscar lift he head back , and look down at he phone : it read 11:55 pm . oscar we go miss the countdown bruh . brandon we aint gonna miss shit , we can get it poppin right here . he press a few button on he iphone . it play the mac dre song " feelin myself " he turn it up . oscar 's friend nod they head to the music . Darius ' face brighten up and he take off he backpack , he dig in it . darius wait , bruh . he pull some laptop speaker out of he bag , lean over danae , and plug the jack into brandon 's phone . the mac dre now pump through the whole car . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 70 . 55 continued : 55 brandon right on lil bruh ! more commuter start to dance , include Darius , and he two friend , who move like professional " turf " dancer . 56 ext . downtown san francisco skyline - simutaneous 56 the Bay Bridge and skyscraper be beautifully illuminate in the moonlight . 57 ext . embarcadero ST . san francisco - simultaneous 57 a group of hundred of people be gather on the pier overlook the water . the group be mostly white though diverse in age : teenager , young family with kid in stroller , middle age marry couple , tweens . they check they wrist watch and cell phone periodically , and look to the sky with anticipation . 58 int . san francisco bound bart train - car 2 - continuous 58 it 's a party on bart . the train start to move , and everybody cheer . oscar wait , how we gonna do the countdown ? tim use you phone bruh . oscar my phone do not get no second . oscar look around the car , zeroe in on Donald . oscar ( cont 'd ) you bruh , you get a watch ? Donald hold up he leave wrist and nod he head . oscar turn to brandon . oscar ( cont 'd ) turn the music off bruh !!! brandon turn down the dial on the music . Blue ( 6/13/2012 ) 71 . 59 ext . embarcadero st./ ferry build - simultaneous 59 we see what the crowd be stare at - a large old fashioned clock on the side of the ferry Building read 11:58 . the minute hand tick to 11:59 pm . 60 int . san francisco bound bart train - car 2 60 oscar , sophina and the other commuter be huddle around Donald , who be now stand up , watch the second hand tick on he watch , and wave he right finger like a orchestral conductor . everybody on car ten ... nine ... EIGHT ... 61 ext . embarcadero st./ ferry build - simultaneous 61 hundred of face look off into the sky with anticipation in they eye . 62 int . san francisco bound bart train - car 2 62 everybody on car five ... four .. 63 ext . embarcadero st./ ferry build san francisco - 63 simultaneous a child , white girl about 6 year old , point to something in the sky , she smile . 64 int . san francisco bound bart train - car 2 - simultaneous 64 everybody on car two ..... one ..... 65 ext . embarcadero st./ ferry build san francisco - 65 simultaneous slow motion - child Pov a clear sky except for a small gray spec that slowly approach the center of frame and suddenly ... ( continued ) Blue ( 6/13/2012 ) 71a . 65 continued : 65 boom ! the spec explode into a dazzle cluster of red and blue firework . back to : goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 72. 66 ext . embarcadero st./ ferry build san francisco - 66 simultaneous the crowd look on with wonder , they face illuminate by the firework . 67 int . san francisco bound bart train - car 2 - simultaneous 67 everybody on car happy new year !!!!!!!!!! it 's pandemonium . everyone on the car be go crazy . brandon turn on the mac dre again . brandon happy twenty - ten !!! fuck two thousand nine . Donald give Karen a peck on the lip . lauren and ashae kiss passionately , show off . cato and Jason record this with they cell phone . 68 ext . embarcadero st./ ferry build san francisco - 68 simultaneous the firework be dazzle . now green , blue , purple , and white , all beam brilliantly . the crowd cheer in amazement . a asian couple kiss . 69 int . san francisco bound bart train - car 2 - simultaneous 69 oscar hold sophina close . oscar happy New Year baby . sophina happy New Year , osc. they kiss . bart announcement voice now approach Montgomery Station . oscar and sophina brace , as the train come to a stop , almost loose they balance . they laugh at this . the door open and the group , along with the other passenger , exit the car . goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 73-74 . 70 int . montgomery station lobby - moment later 70 the group walk through the Bart Station lobby , ahead a musician sit in a chair play a erhu , a box full of dollar bill sit in front of he . as the group pass the musician , cato drop a dollar in he hat . jason nigga , you could have give that shit to I ! cato learn how to play the guitar , and I get you bruh ! the group step onto a escalator , and we follow they up to - 71 ext . embarcadero STREET - night - continuous 71 the group exit the bart station and walk out onto the downtown San Francisco street . pedestrian be everywhere . vanessa I gotta find somewhere to pee . sophina I gotta go too . we loose the group into the crowd of pedestrian . 72 omitted 72 ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 75 . 72 continued : 72 73 ext . san francisco liquor store - moment later 73 oscar look from close store to close store , the group follow closely behind he . he spot sammy , Middle Eastern , early 50' , close the metal gate on he store . oscar trot up ahead of the group to sammy . oscar say bruh . sammy we be all close . oscar I know man , but a couple young lady with I really get to use the bathroom man . sammy I be all close up , besides , I do not even have a rest room for customer . oscar but you get one for employee right ? sammy ignore he . sophina , vanessa , and the rest of the group gather behind oscar now . sammy shut the gate and pull out the key . oscar see this . he turn to sophina and vanessa who look as if they be both about to explode . oscar go into he pocket . he pull out a $ 10 bill . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 76 . 73 continued : 73 oscar ( cont 'd ) look bruh , I aint rich . this my last ten dollar . all I get on I . now you can take this $ 10 , and open the store up and let they use the bathroom . or you could go home , and when you get here tomorrow , its gonna be a puddle of piss right there . oscar point to the ground in front of the door . oscar ( cont 'd ) Cause they aint gonna piss on themselves bruh . oscar hold out the money . sammy turn and look at he . sammy just two girl ? oscar look back to the group . sophina and vanessa step up meekly . oscar this two right here . sammy look they over for a beat . sammy come on . he open the gate and start to unlock the door . sophina thank you so much . he nod and open up the door . oscar step over and try to hand he the $ 10 bill , but sammy wave it off . sammy its okay . happy New Year . oscar right on bruh . happy New Year to you too . thank you . he nod back at oscar and walk into the store follow by the two girl . oscar look back at the group . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 77 . 73 continued : 73 a limo , fill with girl have pull up down the street . brandon walk up and try to talk he way onto it . all the boy head over and talk to the girl , leave oscar by himself for a beat . peter ( o.s. ) please tell I this place have a bathroom . oscar turn around see peter a white thirty something guy in a North face jacket . his wife steph , 30' be six month pregnant , and be do the same potty dance we see earlier from vanessa . oscar pound on the glass door of the liquor store . sammy walk out into view . he lift he hand , " what ? " oscar point to steph . sammy open up the door . sammy you gotta be kid I . oscar she pregnant ... steph look at he with puppy dog eye . sammy break down and let she in . steph thank you . sammy turn to oscar . sammy no more man . oscar nod . peter thanks bro . sammy close the door . peter ( cont 'd ) appreciate that man . think she be gonna have to go in the street . oscar no problem . oscar notice the ring on Peter 's finger . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 78 . 73 continued : 73 oscar ( cont 'd ) how long yall be marry ? pete eight year . oscar nod at this . Pete look at oscar 's hand for a ring , do not see one . pete ( cont 'd ) you think about it ? oscar nod . peter what 's stop you ? oscar money . peter shitty reason . when we get marry , we have nothing . live in the back of she parent 's house for the first two year . oscar for real ? peter shit you not man . I be not work at all and she 's a teacher , which might as well be the same thing as far as money go . oscar how would you get the ring ? Peter look around for a beat . peter I steal it . oscar look at he like he be crazy . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 79 . 73 continued : 73 peter ( cont 'd ) yeah man , I tell you , I have nothing . I use to be good with credit card if you know what I mean . I would not go that route if I be you though man . oscar yeah , I be straight off that . peter yeah . I end up get lock up for a bit . my wife have to sell the ring to bail I out . get my business go about a year after I get out , and get she the one she wear now . oscar what you do ? peter I own a web design company . we do a lot of business with company in the valley . Peter pull out he wallet and hand oscar a card . oscar look at it . oscar Peter ? ( beat ) oscar . they shake hand . peter hit I up if you ever need anything man . but about that ring bro , it do not matter . if she love you , any ring will do . oscar what about the wedding though ? peter shit man . find whoever 's get the nicest backyard . tell all you boy over there to each bring a dish . oscar laugh at this . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 80 . 73 continued : 73 the three girl , sophina , vanessa , and steph make they way out of the store laugh like best friend . sammy follow they and close the door . steph okay . ( to sophina and vanessa ) it be nice meeting you guy . peter thanks again , and take care man . Peter and steph head down the street . oscar , sophina , and vanessa cross the street to meet the rest of the group . kris this be a burnt ass mission . let 's get back to the house . the group nod , and they head back across the street walk briskly . 74 omitted 74 75 int . montgomery bart station platform - continuous 75 the platform be packed . the group come off the stair and we see a train be already there , door open . cato come 'on bruh , this we . cato cut through people to get close to the train entrance . oscar grab sophina by the hand and follow closely behind cato . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 81. 75 continued : 75 oscar hold up , bruh bruh . the rest of the group pass up oscar , follow cato . we see through the window of the train that each car be full to the brim . stand room only . oscar ( cont 'd ) this shit pack bruh . let 's catch the next one . sophina it might not be a next one baby . cato come 'on bruh ! cato jump onto the train , sophina do as well . oscar look around for a beat , and then step on . we stay outside of the train as we watch the door close behind he , and the train take off . the car go by , pick up speed rapidly until we be leave look at a dark empty tunnel . we hold on this . 76 int . bart train - car 1 - moment later 76 it 's a multi ethnic sardine can . oscar hold on to the overhead rail , and sophina hold on to he , she head rest on he chest . keisha West oakland Station the train begin to slow down , and a lone commuter , stand up and move towards the door . sophina see the open seat and quickly slide into it . oscar remain stand uncomfortably . ( continued ) pink ( 6/25/2012 ) 82. 76 continued : 76 sophina find a spot ... I be good . oscar nod , and begin to look around the car for a less dense section . he make out a small space in the corner of the train car , and start towards it . he pass by a older couple , white 40' . this be mr. and mrs . Zafirato . they stand next to they son ( 9 ) and daughter ( 14 ) . as oscar push past he , Mr. Zafirato give oscar a unwelcome look . he pull he daughter away as to avoid oscar bump up against she . oscar exchange a look with he briefly , and continue to push towards the space . bart announcement voice now approach Lake merritt Station . the train come to a stop , and commuter crush onto the car . we see Katie , from Farmer Joe 's , stand a few people in front of oscar wear a jacket over the same outfit . she 's hugge up with joe , a handsome white man in he 20' wear a cal sweatshirt . he hold she protectively . bart announcement voice ( cont 'd ) please stand by , door be close . ding . the door close , and the train take off . Katie close she eye and lean into Joe 's chest for a beat , then Joe pull she out of the way of a passenger who squeeze by . Katie open she eye , and see that the passenger be oscar . her face light up . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 83. 76 continued : 76 katie oscar . oscar ! oscar turn around a bit confuse . katie ( cont 'd ) right here . its I , from Farmer Joe 's . oscar continue to look , until he hear a man' voice from right behind he . man' voice ( o.s. ) oscar ? oscar the fuck snitch ? e.c.u. oscar' face oscar recognize this voice , and he do not like it . he whip around to find , stand a few people away --- cale , wear a oversize white T shirt , and a multitude of tattoo on he forearm . with he be four large hispanic men , and he girlfriend . cale wussup with that shit you be hollerin ? cale turn to one of the men. cale ( cont 'd ) this the cat from bitch ass palma ceia I be tellin you about . the Hispanic man cut a mean look at oscar , flash a gang sign at he . oscar watch out with that shit bruh . this aint the time . I get my girl here and shit . cale fuck that shit , bitch ! my girl right here too . I do not give a fuck . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 84. 76 continued : 76 oscar I aint nobody 's bitch nigga ! cale fuck palma ceia !!! cale move towards oscar . sophina see the commotion go on and stand up and look , see oscar about to be surround . she start towards he . sophina osc ! osc what go on ? oscar cut he eye from cale to sophina . oscar ( to sophina ) get cato and they niggas ! boom ! cale punch oscar in the right side of he face-hard . oscar rebalance himself and punch back , with three quick shot to the head and chest . he move like a experience fighter , but both man struggle in the crowded train . the other passenger begin to shout and try to move out of the way . sophina see this , and turn to they group of friend who be at the back of the train . sophina cato ! they jumpin osc ! cato , brandon , and the rest of the group head towards the commotion and make they way through the other passenger . cato fuck this niggas bruh ! brandon push past Mr. Zafirato who be hold he daughter . and look on at the fight . mr. Zafirato watch it ! you be gonna get somebody hurt ! cale move in and grab oscar , put he into a headlock . oscar grapples with he , hold he other arm to avoid be punch in the head . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 85 . 76 continued : 76 cale 's friend circle oscar and throw punch at he back . cato and brandon push through to be in arm 's reach of the fight , and start swinging on cale and he friend . cato hit cale flush in the back of the head . cato get off of he ! brandon punch one of the large Hispanic man hard . brandon wussup now nigga ? sophina swing on cale 's girlfriend . just miss she . goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 86 . 77 omitted 77 78 int . bart train car 1 - continuous 78 oscar have break free of cale 's hold and be be hold back and secure by kris and cato . cale and he group back up off oscar 's group and begin to flee to the second car , push past the other passenger . cato you alright bruh ? oscar nod and brushes he head off . sophina you okay baby ? oscar yeah , I be good . fuck they bruh . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 87-87a . 78 continued : 78 brandon they aint even want it when they see we , bruh ! punk ass southside niggas ... ( towards cale 's group ) ran like some little bitch !! keisha ( v.o. ) fruitvale station . there 's be a incident report on the train . everyone remain please remain calm . there will be a slight delay here . the train start to decelerate . oscar look around , look at the other passenger on the train . they look at oscar and he friend like leper . oscar we gotta get off this train bruh . 79 omitted 79 ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 88-89 . 79 continued : 79 80 int . fruitvale bart station platform - continuous 80 something be not right here , the platform be completely empty . the group exit the train , lead by sophina , vanessa and kris . oscar follow behind they apprehensively . as other commuter exit the train , cato mix into this group of people and break off to the side . as they walk sophina notice two cop come up to the platform - one be a impose white man in he 30' , tall athletic build , military haircut . this be officer caruso . he be flanke by a short female officer who look to be in she late 20' this be officer salazar . sophina tap oscar quickly . sophina baby , the boy already up here . oscar stop dead in he track . sophina ( cont 'd ) just get back on the train , get back on the train , quick .. oscar aight . imma meet you at the hayward station , okay ? sophina nod . oscar turn to Jason oscar ( cont 'd ) the boy , bruh . jason shit . oscar Split up ! cato blend into the crowd head towards the far end of the platform . Jason quickly go back to car 1 , oscar jump onto the close train , car 2 . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 88a . 80 continued : 80 goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 90 . 81 omitted 81 82 omitted 82 83 omitted 83 84 int . bart train - car 2 - continuous 84 oscar push he way onto the train and look out of the door . a84 int . fruitvale bart station platform - continuous a84 oscar' Pov from train sophina , vanessa , kris , and carlos , brandon , and Tim walk towards the escalator . kris out ahead of sophina and vanessa . sophina , vanessa , and kris , make it past the cop , but caruso stop carlos , brandon , and Tim . the officer pull out they taser and back the three boy up against the wall . brandon take off he jacket and caruso take it , search it and throw it . brandon say something to Salazar , and caruso roughly slam he against the wall . caruso turn back towards the train , and seemingly make direct eye contact with oscar . 85 omitted 85 ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 91 . 85 continued : 85 86 int . bart train - car 2 86 oscar turn and try to hide in the crowd he try not to look suspicious , but he stick out like a sore thumb on this car . he see cale and he friend in the crowd and Zafirato . caruso ( o.s. ) if you be involved in the fight get the fuck off the train right now ! ( beat ) do not make I come in there and pull you off . this be not my first fuck rodeo . Mrs. Zafirato look at oscar . mrs . Zafirato just get off the train , please . people have family on here . there be a visible commotion at the door , and passenger start to move back , we see caruso storm through the car door . he look around the crowd , and make eye contact with Mrs. Zafirato give a subtle look over at oscar . caruso see oscar and make he way towards he . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 92 . 86 continued : 86 caruso you . get off the train . oscar what be you talk about ? what do I do ? caruso pull out he taser and point it at oscar 's neck . caruso come on . let 's go . oscar immediately put he hand up . oscar alright , alright , fuck . oscar walk towards caruso , who quickly grab he by the back of the shirt and walk he out of the train car . 87 omitted 87 goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 93. 88 int . fruitvale bart station platform - continuous 88 caruso walk oscar over to the wall . caruso sit down right here . he place oscar in between carlos and brandon . oscar put he hand up , still hold he cellphone . oscar what the fuck bruh , we do not do anything . brandon I have be try to tell they bruh . she do not want to listen to I , cute ass . what you do after this baby ? salazar quiet ! oscar hold on bruh . be yall arrest we or what ? caruso where be you friend at ? huh ? tim what friend ? caruso turn and look back at car 1 for a beat . caruso ( to Salazar ) I see another one of this goofballs . he start for the train . 89 omitted 89 90 int . fruitvale bart station platform - continuous 90 down the platform , cato watch pirone and he friend closely . a small crowd around he . 91 omitted 91 ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 94 . 91 continued : 91 92 int . fruitvale bart station platform - continuous 92 Salazar stand over brandon hold she taser point towards the ground . she grab she walkie talkie . salazar ( into walkie ) on the platform , in need of backup , four suspect apprehend . she look back at brandon and oscar . brandon this be some bullshit . yall not even the real police . you way too cute to be a cop anyway ... brandon start to stand up slowly . oscar be cool bruh , chill out . let I talk to she . salazar hey , sit back down ! she point the taser at brandon 's chest . brandon back up against the wall , but do not sit down . brandon why the fuck you keep point that taser at I , bitch ? we do not even do nothing wrong . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 95 . 92 continued : 92 oscar' Pov we see caruso pull Jason off the train and slam he to the ground , face down . he straddle he and handcuffs he wrist behind he back . he pick Jason up by the handcuffs , and drag he towards the wall . oscar look at this in shock . he turn he attention back to brandon , who still be stand . Salazar push brandon in he chest . salazar sit the fuck back down ! brandon get you hand off I . oscar stand up . oscar ( to Salazar ) I get he . he hold he hand out put he hand on Salazar 's forearm , and brushes they away from brandon 's chest . oscar ( cont 'd ) ( to brandon ) chill out bruh , chill out . chill out and we goin home man . Salazar push at brandon again , and oscar reach out he hand to stop she . salazar do not touch I ! caruso hear this , and quickly let go of Jason , who be now sit down . he rush over to oscar and - boom ! caruso punch oscar flush in the right side of he face , knock oscar 's head up against the wall . 93 int . bart train - car 3 - continuous 93 the passenger erupt at the sight of this . 94 omitted 94 goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 96 . 95 int . fruitvale bart station platform - continuous 95 cato see the punch . cato what the fuck ? he walk closer to the scene . 96 omitted 96 97 int . fruitvale bart station platform - continuous 97 oscar hold he face where he get hit and sit back down . he look up at caruso with confusion and put he hand up . oscar what the fuck be you do bruh ? brandon hey ! caruso quickly remove he taser and point it at brandon 's face . brandon quickly sit down , and put he hand up . caruso turn to Salazar . caruso you alright Babe ? she nod . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 97 . 97 continued : 97 the crowd on the train be roaring now . yelling various thing about the police . oscar I be just tryna get home . I get a daughter at home bruh . caruso point he taser at the rest of the boy sit down - wave it like a flashlight . caruso shut up . 98 int . fruitvale bart station platform - continuous 98 oscar look down the platform and see cato approach . he look over at the train , see nothing but cell phone and video camera . he look to the escalator and see a huge , clean shaven white cop in he late 20 's sprinting up to the platform : this be officer ingram . he be follow by 3 other cop , newsome ( 40' ) sanchez ( 30' ) and davidson ( 30' ) . cato hey , hey officer , this shit be brutality ! what the fuck you do to they ? cato take out he cellphone and start to record . cato ( cont 'd ) fuckin fake ass cop . we get you on camera ! Ingram jog over to cato . ingram hey , back up ! get back ! Ingram reach for he taser , pull it out . cato keep recording , but back up . cato you gonna tase I for use my cellphone ? newsome and sanchez run over to keep cato back . newsome stand in the view of cato 's camera phone . Ingram turn and jog over to help caruso . caruso arrive next to Ingram , who turn to he . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 98 . 98 continued : 98 caruso ( whisper ) this be a shit show . keep this asshole secure , I be gonna check the train for witness . Ingram nod . he point he taser at oscar and brandon . oscar take a picture of Ingram point he taser at brandon with he cellphone . his phone ring in he hand . he check it : " sophina Calling " . he answer it . oscar ( into the phone ) phina ? intercut with 99 ext . fruitvale bart station entrance - night - simultaneous 99 sophina stand on the sidewalk of the bart station entrance . vanessa and kris stand behind she sophina osc , where you at ? be you on the train ? oscar Hell naw , we still up here at fruitvale . they hold we here and beatin on we for no reason . sophina who ? who 's beatin on you ? oscar the fuckin police . I be about to get we up out of here though . imma hit you back . oscar hang up the phone . he see caruso walk over to he oscar stand up against the wall . oscar ( cont 'd ) be you in charge man ? look ... caruso sit the fuck back down !! caruso rush oscar , push he into a seat position , and knee he in the right side of he face . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 99 . 99 continued : 99 oscar what the fuck , bruh ? caruso hold oscar by he shirt . caruso be you gonna fuck comply ? be you gonna comply ? oscar I be comply , just take you fuck hand off of I ! I be fuck comply . caruso back up off of oscar . brandon that 's brutality you fuck toy cop ! oscar hold he face . oscar chill out brandon bruh . we about to go home . they can hold we here as long as they want , but they can not arrest we bruh , we aint do shit . caruso what ? he turn to Ingram . caruso ( cont 'd ) cuff this two asshole . they be fuck go to jail . ingram get on you knee . brandon who lift up onto he knee . brandon fuck , bruh ! oscar you can not arrest he . fuck that shit . for what ? we aint do note ! caruso oh yeah ? ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 99a . 99 continued : 99 tim yall some fake ass cop foreal . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 100 . 99 continued : 99 oscar ( to Tim ) shut the fuck up bruh . ( to caruso ) just tell we why you be arrest we . we do not do anything wrong . caruso we do not have to tell you shit . oscar bruh I get a daughter at home , I be try to get to . I be not try to go to jail . caruso you should have think about that before you decide to be a piece of shit . oscar man you a bitch ass nigga , foreal . caruso walk closer to oscar . caruso I be the bitch ass nigga huh ? oscar what ? what the fuck ? caruso bitch ass nigga huh ?! oscar stiffen up . oscar do not call I a nigga bruh ! caruso bitch ass nigga right ? oscar lift up to he knee . oscar man fuck you !!! boom ! Ingram take oscar down to the ground from behind , but oscar land awkwardly , with he back on carlos ' leg . Ingram continue to push down on top of he . caruso back up , nodd he head . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 100a . 99 continued : 99 caruso yeah ! yeah ! ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 101 . 99 continued : 99 carlos hold he hand up while oscar squirm , now on he side . carlo he's on my leg bruh !!! he's on my fucking leg ! oscar aggghhh , my back ! get the fuck off I ! caruso bend down , grab oscar 's head , and put he knee on it , drive he weight into the oscar 's ear . oscar writhes in pain . oscar ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) aghh ! my head ! shit ! brandon what the fuck be you do to he , you 're fucking hurting he ! caruso do not worry about it . do not worry . ingram roll over ! on you stomach !! oscar fuck , I can not move ! caruso stand up , push off oscar 's head with he hand . Ingram flip he over off of carlos ' leg and onto he stomach . oscar squirm again , while caruso grab he hand try to put it behind he back . caruso put he knee back down on oscar , drive down hard , at the base of he head , press oscar 's face against the ground . oscar ( cont 'd ) aghhh , aghhh ! ingram fuck . I can not get he hand ! back up . caruso lift up off of oscar . Ingram stand up a bit , keep one knee in oscar 's back , reach on the right side of he belt and pull a black gun from the holster . he stand up , aim it at oscar 's back . blam !!! ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 102. 99 continued : 99 oscar 's body jerk against the pavement . he let out a sicken , hollow sound . Dead silence . 100 ext . fruitvale bart station entrance - night - simultaneous 100 sophina whip she head around towards the platform . 101 int . bart train car 1 101 Katie and Joe 's jaw 's drop at the sound of the shoot . 102 int . bart train car 3 102 we see Pete , and steph , who have be on this train the whole time . Pete recording with he video camera , with shock on he face . 103 int . fruitvale bart station platform - continuous 103 cato be freeze by shock . caruso take a step back , and look at Ingram with confusion . oscar take a struggle breath in , cough up some blood . he stiffly turn he body around to Ingram . oscar .. you shot I ... you shot I . i get a daughter ... brandon , carlos , Tim stare at oscar be disbelief . cato they shot osc ! they fuckin shot osc bruh ! cato loose it , he push past the police officer in front of he . he throw he cellphone at Ingram , just miss he face . it hit the wall , and explode into piece . the cop rush cato , take he to the ground . oscar 's friend go berserk they start scream . brandon try to stand up , still handcuff . brandon osc ! osc ! get up my nigga !!! ( to Ingram ) ( more ) ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 102a . 103 continued : 103 brandon ( cont 'd ) you shot my homie !!! he wasn 't do nothing !!! ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 103. 103 continued : 103 Three cop rush over and take brandon to the ground . other cop descend on the other boy . carlo call the ambulance ! caruso when you shut the fuck up , we will ! Ingram flip oscar back over and handcuffs he , and start to search he . tim what the fuck you handcuff he for ? the cop take all of the boy towards the escalator . but none of they go without a struggle . it take four cop to control brandon . caruso run over to tenisha who look on from the Operator car with panic in she eye . caruso take off ! ( beat ) go ! 104 int . bart train car 3 104 the passenger be shouting and go crazy , still filming . the door suddenly close . peter hey ! hey open the fuck door ! somebody help he !!! 105 int . bart train car 2 - continuous 105 Mr. Zafirato hold he daughter while look out the window as if he would just see a ghost . cale still blend into the crowd . the door close . 106 int . bart train car 1 - continuous 106 passenger be even crazier on this car . hanging out the door in the front of the crowd be Katie and Joe . Katie continue to record with she iphone - she face red with rage . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 103a . 106 continued : 106 the car door start to close , but Katie stick she hand out they cause they to open back up . she continue filming . goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 104 . 107 int . fruitvale bart station platform - continuous 107 tenisha look down at the control board , while caruso lean in she car window . caruso go ! Fucking pull off ! tenisha I can not somebody 's block the door . 108 int . fruitvale bart station platform - continuous 108 caruso turn and look down the platform . he see Katie hang out of the first car and sprint over to she . caruso clear the door ! katie no ! you guy just shot he ! caruso clear the fucking door ! caruso push Katie 's hand back and the door shut . the train pull off . caruso grab he walkie . caruso ( cont 'd ) ( into walkie ) yeah there 's be a shoot . here at the fruitvale station -- Ingram finish search oscar only find a wallet . he 's sweat bullet . caruso run over to Ingram . caruso ( cont 'd ) what the fuck happen ? Ingram can not answer . caruso snatch oscar 's wallet out of he hand and wave he away . he and bend down and un - cuff oscar . he roll he over and we see oscar 's eye be start to grow distant . caruso ( cont 'd ) ( whisper to oscar ) come 'on breathe , man . caruso bend down to look at oscar . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 104a . 108 continued : 108 we see oscar 's phone be on the ground ringing . the screen read , " sophina Calling " . Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 105 . 109 ext . fruitvale bart station entrance - continuous 109 sophina now frantic , stand with she cellphone to she ear . kris and vanessa talk to three police officer who be guard the entrance like club bouncer . sophina hang up the phone , then quickly dial another number . intercut with 110 int . wanda's bedroom - night 110 only moonlight fill the room . a cellphone ring . wanda wake up , check it , answer the phone . wanda sophina ? sophina the police get oscar and they and we hear something I do not know if it be a beanbag or a taser or what . wanda sophina , baby calm down . I can not hear you . be oscar there with you ? sophina naw , he upstairs , with the Police and I can not see they . we downstairs - wanda where be you ? sophina we in oakland , at fruitvale bart . wanda do oscar get arrest ? sophina I do not know , I think so . wanda close she eye for a beat , this hurt . she get out of bed and start put on she clothes . ( continued ) Green ( 7/5/2012 ) 105a . 110 continued : 110 a siren be now super close . sophina turn to see four paramedics rush through the emergency entrance turnstile roll a large gurney with medical equipment on it . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 106 . 110 continued : 110 sophina ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) imma call you back . sophina hang up the phone and run towards the paramedics . sophina ( cont 'd ) what happen ? they ignore she , and quickly get into the elevator with they gear , the door close behind they . sophina hear commotion come from the escalator . she look over and see brandon kick and struggle , as the cop bring he down . cato , Tim , Jason , and carlos follow , all surround by cop . vanessa and kris run over to they as the bring they out towards the parking lot , where several Police Cars be park . vanessa what happen ? sophina sprint over to the car . cato and brandon be go so crazy that they do not even notice she . newsome ( to sophina ) get back !! sophina get 's Jason 's attention . sophina where osc at ? what happen ? jason they fucking shot he phina !!! they shot osc in he back for no reason !!! sophina what ? be he okay ? where be he ? the cop stuff Jason into the back of they car before he can answer . they stuff Tim into the same car . it take four cop to get brandon . another group of cop be have the same problem with cato . 111 int . fruitvale bart station platform - continuous 111 oscar still lie on the ground , caruso lie over he , hold he hand . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 107 . 111 continued : 111 caruso ( whisper ) come on man keep you eye open . breathe , man . the elevator door open , and the paramedics rush towards oscar . caruso stand up , start talk to paramedic 1 , hand he oscar 's id . the other immediately begin tend to oscar . they check he vital , and pull out a pair of large scissors and quickly cut off he shirt . they flip he over , revealing a large entry wound on he leave shoulder blade . it bleed profusely . paramedic 1 walk over to oscar and kneel down . paramedic 1 oscar ? oscar can you hear I ? oscar try to nod . 112 ext . fruitvale bart station lobby - downstair - continuous 112 sophina be in tear , argue with the cop guard the platform . sophina please let I through , that 's my boyfriend up there . her cellphone ring . she look down at it and grow more frantic . she answer it . 113 int . wanda's bedroom - night - continuous 113 wanda sophina baby , what 's go on ? sophina ( through the phone ) the cop will not let I through , and , and Jason say that osc ... oh my GOD ! oh GOD ! be that osc ! no , no ! horror flash over wanda 's face . 114 ext . fruitvale bart station lobby - downstair - night - 114 continuous sophina be hysterical , we finally see what she see - ( continued ) 108 . 114 continued : 114 the paramedics rush oscar , dress only in he red boxer out of the elevator on a gurney , he mouth connect to a hand pump oxygen mask . they quickly wheel he out towards the ambulance , which be park next to the Police car . sophina run after they . sophina that 's my fuck baby daddy right there ! be he dead ? do they fuck kill he ? paramedic 1 turn to sophina as they load oscar in . paramedic 1 he 's be shot , he 's still alive but we gotta get he to highland . he quickly board the ambulance , they shut the door in sophina 's face . sophina break down . wanda ( o.s. ) ( out of phone speaker ) sophina , sophina ! sophina they shot he . they shot oscar ! they say he alive , but he 's bleed and he eye be close . 115 int . wanda's bedroom - night - continuous 115 wanda scream . she pray to herself and regains control a bit . wanda where be they take he ? sophina ( o.s. ) ( through phone ) they takin he to highland , you gotta come and get we , we car in hayward . wanda I be on my way . wanda hang up the phone , and rush out of the bedroom . goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 109 . 116 ext . fruitvale bart station lobby - downstair - continuous 116 sophina hang up the phone and watch as the ambulance speed off down fruitvale Blvd . cato , still in the back of the police car , be kick the window with both foot . brandon continue to scream from he car . the police car pull off . 117 int . highland hospital emergency room entrance - night - 117 moment later the door burst open , and the paramedics wheel oscar into the er trauma room . 118 int . trauma room - moment later 118 we be close on oscar as he lie on he back , unconscious breathe tube be attach to he mouth . his chest rise up and down slowly , struggle . surgeon , and paramedics move around oscar . the lead surgeon , a tall , slim Black man in he 50' , point to a object that lie just under oscar 's right clavicle , just under he skin . lead surgeon it 's here , its right beneath the skin . close on oscar' clavicle the surgeon take a scalpel and cut into oscar 's skin , just above the protrude mass . blood run out , he press down and pop out the bullet , that look like a large metal mushroom . the surgeon examine it . lead surgeon ( cont 'd ) Jesus . it 's like it hit something solid . bone would not do this . he place the bullet into a empty beaker atop a cart . he turn back to oscar and begin to stitch up the incision . the lead surgeon look at xray of oscar 's chest on a light board . paramedic 2 stand over he shoulder . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 110 . 118 continued : 118 paramedic 1 he be lie face down on the ground . a resident surgeon point to a large dark cloud on the xray . lead surgeon right here , right lung look to be what 's cause the pulse problem . close on oscar' chest the surgeon stick a tube into the right side of oscar 's chest , and blood flow out of the tube uncontrollably . spill onto the floor . lead surgeon ( cont 'd ) shit , shit , we gotta get he upstairs ! the medical staff see this , and kick they movement into high gear . 119 int . operating room - simultaneous 119 oscar lie on the operate table , sedate . the surgeon talk medical speak . they move with astounding quickness and precision . lead surgeon take a large scalpel , and make a 14 inch incision under oscar 's right nipple . blood rush out , it 's worse than they think . it begin to hit the floor . a resident surgeon react to this , and quickly grab a large emesis basin . he put it underneath the wound , catch the blood . another surgeon place a spreader into the wound , and open it up . the lead surgeon look inside of the incision . he let he head down in frustration at what he see . lead surgeon his lung 's go . we gotta prep for removal . 120 int . icu nurse's station - night 120 a nurse stand behind a reception desk .. wanda , sophina , vanessa , and kris storm into the room . wanda go up to the receptionist , a black woman in she 20' . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 111. 120 continued : 120 wanda my son be oscar julius grant III . he 's be shot , and they tell I to come here - the nurse sit at the computer . receptionist g-r-a-n-t ? wanda nod . receptionist ( cont 'd ) he 's still in the operate room . go to the icu wait room and someone will be out soon to let you know everything that 's go on . wanda nod and walk over towards the chair . wanda ( under she breath ) Lord please let he be okay . please watch over he with you heal hand Lord . keep he safe Lord . keep he safe so that I can hold he once again . 121 int . operating room - moment later 121 the operation be fully underway . a surgeon remove oscar 's lung from the incision . we see a nurse change out a bag of donor blood on one of the many iv system oscar be hook up to . she toss into a bin , where it land atop five other empty bag . 122 omitted 122 ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 112. 122 continued : 122 123 int . icu waiting room - moment later 123 wanda sit in the wait room next to sophina . the boy storm into the room along with jack bryson sr . a Hispanic look man in he 40' . kris greet the boy , and they head over to wanda . he stand close to he son Jack and Tim . the nurse walk out from behind the back room with the lead surgeon , who now wear fresh scrub . lead surgeon wanda ? wanda nod , and stand up . lead surgeon ( cont 'd ) oscar be shot , okay ? we have stabilize he , but he 's in critical condition . the bullet cause massive internal bleed and we have to remove the right lung . wanda his lung ? how be he ... how be he go to be able to breathe ? lead surgeon well , he breathe be not we concern . it 's the bleed . we be work very hard to get he blood to clot . but right now , he body be not take the transfusion . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 113. 123 continued : 123 wanda but he 's go to make it right ? lead surgeon hard to say , but we be gonna do everything we can okay ? wanda okay , okay . please do whatever you can , okay ? my son be a good boy . wanda ( cont 'd ) please do what you can . please . he nod and pat wanda on the shoulder for a beat , then turn and head back into the icu . wanda walk back over to the group . she give they the news from the doctor . 124 int . icu recovery room - morning - few hour later 124 several nurse operate around oscar who still lie unconscious he breathe sounding more struggle than ever . suddenly blood begin to run from he right nostril , then he right eyelid , and he leave nostril after that . his ekg machine begin to beep loudly . the nurse go into panic mode . 125 int . icu waiting room - continuous 125 early morning daylight stream into the wait area . where wanda , sophina , chantay , ceephus , daryl , and oscar 's friend hold hand . wanda , lead they in prayer . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 114. 125 continued : 125 wanda -- and we ask that you may put you heal hand around you child , we ask that you may operate through this doctor , and breathe strength into they hand as they work on he . heal he lord so that we may one day see he smile again . 126 int . icu recovery room - morning - continuous 126 line of blood trickle from oscar 's eye , nose , and mouth . the lead be now in the room and have take over command . nurse loose a pulse . oscar 's body begin to violently shake . a young male resident doctor , grab the paddle , the lead surgeon touch oscar 's chest , we see under he skin be fill with fluid . he tap the resident Doctor on the shoulder and shake he head . he look up at the clock . lead surgeon Calling it . time of death 9:01 be . he pull off he mask , frustrated , and walk out . oscar 's convulsion stop . a morbid , continuous beep echoe from the ekg . 127 int . icu waiting room - day - moment later 127 the lead surgeon walk out , and wanda be still in the circle praying . the nurse go over to she , pull she aside . wanda approach the lead surgeon with a hopeful look in she eye . she read he eye for a beat . the lead surgeon look at she for a beat . and shake he head . wanda put she face in she hand , she leg wobble . sophina who be watch and listen closely see this . she break down , bury she face in oscar 's hoodie . daryl and ceephus run over to wanda , just as he arrive , she leg buckle a bit , he catch she . oscar 's friend begin to break down . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 115-115a . 127 continued : 127 wanda can I see he ? the lead surgeon nod . lead surgeon but its a homicide , so they can not let you in the room with he , ok ? wanda nod . lead surgeon ( cont 'd ) how many of you will be come down . wanda just I . ceephus wanda be you sure ? wanda nod . nurse look at the surgeon . nurse I can take she down . he head towards the exit door with wanda . 128 int . morgue hallway - day - moment later 128 the nurse walk wanda through a long corridor . 128a int . morgue - day - moment later 128a wanda step up to the glass and look into it . wanda's Pov the mortician pull back a white sheet , and we see oscar 's mangle body lie on the slab . wanda I tell he to catch the train . I tell he to catch bart ! I do not know they be gonna hurt he . I do not know . I should have just let he drive . I should have let he drive . I want he to be safe . please please let I hug he . ( more ) ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 115-115aa . 128a continued : 128a wanda ( cont 'd ) please let I go hug he . he do not like to be alone !! I let my baby die alone ! ( more ) ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 116. 128a continued : 128a wanda ( cont 'd ) 129 int . icu waiting room - day 129 sophina sit in a chair still smell oscar 's hoodie , she head spin . reporter be start to show up at the hospital . we see Katie there , still wear the same clothes , talk to brandon 's father , point at she cellphone . sophina look up at a flat screen television in the hospital , see a report that show oscar 's picture . she take out she cellphone . dial a number , put it to she ear . sophina ( into phone ) Rose , do not turn on the tv okay ? I be come to get T right now . sophina hang up the phone and run over to brandon 's father . sophina ( cont 'd ) can you to take I to my car ? he nod . 130 omitted 130 131 int . rose's house - live room - den - morning 131 sophina let herself into the house . we see Rose in the bathroom sit on the stool , grief-strick . sophina turn into the de , where tatiana and she cousin be still asleep . she step over they to get to tatiana . sophina T , come on . tatiana groggily wake up . sophina pick she up . 132 int . oscar' house - day 132 sophina walk in and look around the house . tatiana walk inside . and go straight for oscar and sophina 's bedroom . ( continued ) goldenrod ( 7/19/2012 ) 117 . 132 continued : 132 tatiana daddy ? daddy ? time to go to " Chuck E cheese " ! tatiana come out of the bedroom look confuse . tatiana ( cont 'd ) where 's daddy ? sophina come on T , we gotta take a shower . 133 int . oscar' bathroom - day 133 the same shower from earlier . sophina turn the water on , help tatiana with she clothes , and put she in . she take off she own clothes and step in as well . sophina be the water okay t? tatiana yeah . where 's daddy ? be he on vacation again ? sophina no . sophina try to find she word . let the water run on she face for a bit , then rub down the friz in tatiana 's hair . sophina ( cont 'd ) remember when I tell you about God ... and the angel ? tatiana yeah . sophina and about how when we die we go to heaven ? tatiana yeah . sophina well , God need another angel , so he take daddy to come and live in heaven with he . tatiana look at sophina for a long beat . ( continued ) 118. 133 continued : 133 tatiana but I do not want daddy to live in heaven . I want he to be with I . sophina he can not . once you go to heaven , you can not come back . tatiana think about this . tatiana well do he have he cellphone ? maybe if I call he and talk to he , he will come back . sophina no . daddy do not have he cellphone baby . you can not call he where he be . fade out .