full body massage _______________ a original screenplay by Dan gurskis full body massage fade in : 1 title card # 1 1 which read : " there be but one temple in the Universe and that be the human body . we touch heaven when we lay we hand on it . Thomas carlyle , 1840 " dissolve to : 2 ext . pacific coast highway — high angle — day 2 a god' - eye view of a long , wind stream of traffic , curling along the coastline , wrapping itself around the Santa monica Mountains , flow north to who can say where . somewhere in the middle of it all , little more than a droplet in the stream , be a cadillac allante convertible with its top down . CUT to : 3 i./e. cadillac allante — moving — day 3 as the California sun beat brilliantly down , as the rush of wind eddyy and swirl inside the car , we take we place directly behind the driver . from here , other than moment , we blow hair who she be there be little to be learn about the driver the obvious fact that she be a woman . for a see nothing of the world other than she windbillow and curling . and so the mystery of and why we be travel with she only deepen . then , abruptly , various cut of she hand on the wheel , of the speedometer , of she hand on the stickshift , etc . occasionally , we sweep up to the mountain or down to the ocean or past the fence of some tony piece of real estate overlook the water . but , always , we return to we point of departure — behind the driver speed up the Pacific Coast highway . CUT to : 4 omit 4 2 . 5 ext . country road — day 5 the cadillac allante roll silently toward we before turn into a driveway that lead up the hill to a contemporary house . CUT to : 6 ext . contemporary house — day 6 pitched on a roll hillside more evocative of provence than malibu be the dramatic , sharply angular two -story with its eclectic exterior mix of corrugate wall and mirrore glass . as allante approach on the driveway , we begin to sense something slightly askew about this house and this place , and not all of it have to do with architecture . CUT to : 7 ext . allante — day 7 the driver 's door open and out swivel nina : 38 year old , bright , attractive . but more than merely intelligent , she be shrewd ; more than simply beautiful , she be allure . and , perhaps , more to the point , she be shy about neither . so one sense power as she rise out of the car , just as one sense insight as she take a long , penetrate look around , just as one see poise and grace as she glide toward the house . CUT to : 8 nina — moving 8 from the car ... up the walkway ... up to the front door with the mirrore glass . she slip she key into the lock without so much as a glance at she reflect image . CUT to : 9 int . contemporary house — day 9 from the dramatic slope of the roof to the expose rafter to the open , loft -like room seemingly suspend in space , this house have be design with a eclectic vengeance . tasteful , mind you . but nonetheless a conspicuous scheme , a captivate diversion for the restless eye . ( continued ) 3 . 9 continued : 9 all this have long ago cease to impress Nina , who immediately duck inside the bedroom to she right and slip off she shoe before continue barefoot down the hallway . the day 's mail await she , stack tidily on a chest midway down the hall . take the mail in hand , she begin sorting through it even as she ascend the short staircase to the MAIN entertaining area of the house . there she stand , in the middle of the floor , absorb in some letter or other , when footstep come quickly down a staircase and dee dee appear . Dee Dee , a very young , very eager , very uncertain 24 - yearold , let out a slightly startle gasp at the sight of Nina , who look up coolly from she letter . dee dee ( painfully self - conscious , perhaps with a frantic glance at she watch ) you be home ? ( suddenly talk to herself ) great , Dee 'd. ( just as suddenly talk to Nina again ) I mean , there you be , stand right in front of I . nina ( do nothing to put she at ease ) hello , Dee dee. dee dee hi , Nina . a few tentative step forward . dee dee how be you day ? nina very pleasant — in a grim sort of way . as Nina return to she letter , Dee Dee move quickly into the kitchen . CUT to : 4. 10 int . kitchen — day 10 from a bucket of ice , Dee Dee remove a chill bottle of white wine and pour a glass . CUT to : 11 int . entertainment area — day 11 Dee Dee now appear with a glass of wine , which Nina take from she . with the wine glass in one hand and she mail in the other , Nina sprawl leisurely on a sofa . nina and how be thing around here ? but before Dee Dee can utter even syllable , Nina cut she off . nina oh , do that what 's -his - name , the strange bald lawyer call ? dee dee no. nina how about Douglas — do he reconfirm for this afternoon ? dee dee no , no one call . nina if he ever do call I here , it 's fine to give the number for the car — the lawyer . he represent merkey , the artist I be show next month . Douglas already have the number . which must mean he 's still come — if he do not call . dee dee ( not know if this require a response ) well , yeah . Nina look up : nothing like a response be either expect or desire . ( continued ) 11 5 . 11 continued : nina ( back into the mail ) so? dee dee what ...? nina how be thing around here ? be about to say ? you dee dee the gardener come . nina and how be Mr. li? dee dee he clear out that underbrush , where you ask about . nina good. dee dee do the deep - root fertilization , too . Dee Dee hover a little too near the sofa , prompt Nina to gaze up at she expectantly . dee dee I pay all the bill , the check be on you desk , you just have to sign they . and I buy some haddock from the fishman this morning , I make a curry sauce to go with it , all you have to do be pop it in the oven , I leave the direction . nina and you would like to go home now . Dee Dee nod sheepishly . nina go. Dee Dee cross slowly to the staircase . dee dee Mr. Li say he will not be back again for three week . he have to go to ( more ) ( continued ) 11 6 . 11 continued : dee dee ( cont would ) Taiwan , I think he be try to tell I . some family thing . nina no doubt . dee dee he want to know if you want he nephew to come the next two week . nina and you tell he yes , I hope . Dee Dee nod . nina you be a good little wife , Dee Dee . every woman should have one . take this as a compliment , she smile and disappear . after a moment , the front door open and close . after a moment more , Nina rise with wine glass in hand and go to the back door . she gaze pensively through the glass , perhaps watch Dee Dee go , perhaps not . CUT to : 12 title card # 2 12 which read : " preparation the goal of the massage be to relax all the sense . prepare with this in mind . " CUT to : 13 int . house — day 13 Nina slip a CD into the compact disc player , and we hear the first , deep , barely audible bar of albinoni 's adagio in G -minor . as the music continue ethereally under , we : CUT to : 14 int . bedroom dressing closet — day 14 stand in front of a full - length mirror , Nina take a moment to study herself in she suit , she uniform , if you will . ( continued ) 14 7 . 14 continued : after a moment , after drink off a little too much wine for one sip , she put the glass to one side . then , without take she eye off herself , she begin remove she clothes . it be a slow and sultry dance , and she eye , rapt hypnotically , never leave the mirror as she slide out of she skirt ... she blouse ... she nylon ... she bra .... only gradually do it occur to we that there may be something other than prurience at stake here . this strip be not a tease but a conscious peel away of layer upon layer of she well - order , well - practice life . if she stare , it 's only because she be make certain that absolutely nothing of she accustom life be leave . once all she clothes be off , she take another moment to study herself . then , after retrieve a robe from a adjoin bathroom , she start into the hallway . CUT to : 15 ext . house — jacuzzi — day 15 she test the steaming , bubbling water with the graze of a foot . then , drop she robe , she ease she body down , penetrate the water until she be submerge to the neck . allow she head to fall gently back , she gaze heavenward at the starry night . she be drift now ; she mind be soar across space and time . CUT to : 16 int . bathroom — day 16 stand in the shower , allow the water to cascade over he , be a handsome , rugge man in he middle 20 , a man we will later come to know as douglas . CUT to : 17 nina 17 still in the jacuzzi , still gaze heavenward , still drift . CUT to : 18 ext . STREET — in front of the contemporary house — day turn into the driveway be a SMALL , unassuming car — a yugo , perhaps — the sort of car that must have always ( continued ) 18 18 8 . 18 continued : look as rickety as it do now , even roll off the assembly line . CUT to : 19 ext . jacuzzi — day 19 so far adrift be Nina that it take she a moment to realize that the car be pull up the driveway . but when she finally do see the car , she inch forward curiously . as she watch the car disappear around the front of the house , she reach for she robe and climb out of the jacuzzi . CUT to : 20 ext . driveway — day 20 as he slide out from behind the wheel and unbend himself onto the driveway , we get we first clear look at fitch . at 44 , he seem to be in equal part show he age and hide it . yes , he face be deeply line . yes , he be as grey as he be not . yet , at the same time , he be as lean and agile as he be 20 year earlier . with hair that seem a day or two shy of its next trim and clothing that be — in a word — utilitarian , he resemble nothing so much as the publisher of a natural food catalogue . from he place by the car , he eye the house for a moment . then , push forward the driver 's seat , he lean in and dislodge a long , rectangular object ( he unassemble , portable massage table ) that be wedge diagonally across the interior of the car . along with the massage table , he pull out what use to be know as a " gym bag . " he then glance at he watch , lock the driver 's door , and with massage table and bag in hand circle around to the sidewalk lead up to the house . CUT to : 21 int . house — day 21 Nina move quickly down the hallway , tie she robe as she go . when she reach the end , she duck into the bedroom and go to a window for a better look . CUT to : 22 omit 22 9 . 23 omit 23 24 omit 24 25 omit 25 26 ext . house — walkway — day 26 fitch walk deliberately toward the house , he eye surveying the exterior , the corrugate wall , the impenetrable mirrore - glass window . CUT to : 27 fitch — moving 27 toward another house : small , rural , eerily still , the perfect set for — well , who can say just what ? CUT to : 28 ext . house — as before — day 28 when fitch reach the front step , he remove a business card ( not he own ) and match the hand - write name scrawle on the back of it with the name by the door . he take another look at he watch then press a button on the intercom . CUT to : 29 int . house — home entertainment CENTER — day 29 with the push of a button , albinoni fall silent . CUT to : 30 int . house — front door — day Nina open the blind and peer curiously . be expect , fitch be obviously not he . 30 whomever she CUT to : 31 ext . front door — day 31 fitch stand in front of the mirror-glass , see absolutely nothing of Nina , glance inadvertently at he reflect image , perhaps adjust he hair slightly when he do . CUT to : 10 . 32 int . front door — day 32 she peer at he a moment longer , then : nina can I help you ? fitch ( through the door ) hi . she open the door . nina ( eyeing he with suspicion ) yes ? I be fitch . fitch fitch . nina fitch ? fitch I be here for you appointment . as if to introduce some physical evidence in he defense , he point to the portable massage table at he side . nina where 's Douglas ? fitch do not he call you ? he say he be — he would — call you . he do not call you . nina to tell I what ? fitch that he could not make it . nina Douglas ? fitch he say . it 's difficult to tell which have Nina puzzle more : fitch 's presence or he appearance . whoever the much talk about ( continued ) 32 11 . 32 continued : Douglas be , he definitely do not wear birkenstock sandal . with sox . Nina then take a absent -mind step back , give the impression — more or less unintend — that she would like fitch to come right in . without give it a second think , he squeeze by she into the house . and so he 's well inside before she even realize what have happen . fitch so where would you like I to set up , Nina ? without wait for a response , fitch start for the adjoin bedroom , but Nina intercept he . nina we be usually this way . she extend a hand , indicate the end of the hallway be they intend direction of travel . with a bemuse shake of the head , Nina close the front door and follow . CUT to : 33 omit 33 34 int . hallway — day 34 as she close the door , fitch confidently walk to the end of the hallway and turn into the large , open studio . see he disappear , she take off after he . CUT to : 35 omit 35 36 int . studio — day 36 fitch be already in the middle of the room by the time Nina appear in the doorway . he put he massage item to one side and begin to wander curiously through the room , examine thing that he come across . nina where be he , do you know ? fitch who ? ( continued ) 36 12 . 36 continued : nina Douglas . fitch do not come up . he pick up a book that he find lie on a table . cross to he and take it from he . she nina " the Sun also rise . " fitch I like it . a brief beat , then : nina you see , I be really very ... accustom to he — Douglas . fitch nod a small , noncommittal nod . nina I like he .... fitch nod again . nina I really like he .... fitch nod yet again . nina and it take time — for a woman , at least — it take time get comfortable , really comfortable with a man who 's ... she do not finish she think . fitch Doug 's get the touch . he pull open a slide glass door that lead out to the deck . he step outside . after a moment , she follow . CUT to : 37 angle on the deck 37 as fitch appear at she side . ( continued ) 37 13 . 37 continued : nina but without even pick up the phone or ...? fitch peer at she , have temporarily lose the train of think . nina Douglas . when you have a relationship with someone — a business relationship — we go back , he and I — you expect some consideration . fitch he seem to be in a rush . young . he 's very nina he 's not so terribly young . fitch no , not so . but he be young . a lot young than he think he be , anyway . besides , he could have not call either one of we . a beat , as he walk farther onto the deck , drink in the surroundings . nina he 's very talented . fitch he be . good-look kid , too . woman seem to go for he . a lot of he client be woman . most , really . at this , she say nothing . fitch outside 's nice . especially if you have some privacy . and you have some privacy . nina Douglas do I outside . fitch a little cold tonight . nina where would you suggest then ? ( continued ) 37 14 . 37 continued : fitch some dark and quiet place . she nod she head . fitch you know , I be in such a hurry get over here . I have get my oil and thing , but sheet and towel ... she nod then they step back into the house . fitch I leave some stuff in the car . CUT to : 38 int . house — upstair — day 38 Nina open a linen closet , remove the sheet and towel that fitch have ask for , then close the closet door . CUT to : 39 ext . fitch be car — day 39 he remove another small bag or two from the car then close the trunk . CUT to : 40 int . studio — day 40 when Nina come back , however , fitch be nowhere to be see . CUT to : 41 int . house — hallway — day 41 walk out of the studio , she see the massage table just where he leave it : still lean against a wall , still not set up . now , a little curious — perhaps even a little concerned — she start out of the room in search of fitch . CUT to : 15 . 42 nina — moving 42 through the house , pick up speed , until she at last walk into a bedroom where she discover fitch , examine some jewelry that be scattered across the top of a dresser . CUT to : 43 angle on the bedroom 43 as fitch turn to see Nina , eye lock on he , come closer . without the slight hesitation , he resume study the diamond bracelet that he spread across he palm . fitch I be fascinate with thing . that be , I be fascinate with the fascination with thing . nina this be my bedroom . fitch I think it might be . my mother have a spectacular jewelry collection , as I recall . a dubious beat , as she wonder just what he may be up to . fitch ( sense she distrust ) I want to wash up . and when I happen to walk by ... she hand over the sheet and towel , which force he to hand over the bracelet . fitch well , I want to wash up . she lead he into the bathroom , which we recognize as the one that Doug be shower in earlier . CUT to : 44 title card # 3 44 which read : ( continued ) 44 16 . 44 continued : " the massage table the table should be tall enough to elevate the subject to a comfortable height . " CUT to : 45 int . house — studio — day 45 from a chair , Nina look on as fitch go about the ritual of set up he massage table . and it be just that : a ritual . each piece , each bolt , each nut and washer , he assemble with devotion and ceremony , all of it perhaps as unconscious as not . fitch what massage be about in the end be heal . there be way people can heal without drug or word or prayer . that 's it ; that 's the essence . nina I never really give it much think . fitch heal ? nina massage — in that term . I try not to intellectualize thing too much . it make life so grey . I be more ... intuitive , I think . she watch as fitch again immerse himself in he ritual , then : nina how old be you ? fitch ( smile ) why do you ask ? nina I do not know , why not ask ? I mean , you never learn anything without ask , do you ? fitch ( still smile ) older than you . ( continued ) 45 17 . 45 continued : she be now stare at he , as we : CUT to : 46 a park -like place 46 where a beard man , approximately fitch 's age , assemble a easel with the same sense of ritual and attention . the man look up when we hear : fitch ( v.o. ) the lay on of hand — there 's power in it . CUT to : 47 the SUN room — as before 47 fitch look up briefly from he work , see she stare at he . but , clearly , he do not give it a second think as he once more focus he attention on the table . fitch but , in we culture , there be so many western prejudice about illness and heal . we be really pretty tight - ass , medically speak . just think about it : when be the last time you doctor actually touch you ? not probe or examine but touch you ? nina if it never happen , it be too recent . I do not like doctor — mine or anyone else 's . fitch because they consult with you , they talk with you over the phone , they prescribe drug for you . but they do not actually — personally — heal you . they leave that up to time or chemistry . nina I do not like doctor because ... I do not like doctor . a beat , then : ( continued ) 47 18 . 47 continued : nina you have know Doug for how long ? fitch shrug : Doug be a topic of conversation that he can either take or leave . and right now he feel more like leave it than take it . nina Long enough to like he ? fitch how long 's that ? ( beat ) it go back to the ancient , you know . nina what 's that ? fitch massage . maybe even earlier , some historian think . the Greeks be into massage mainly as a treatment , a heal art . they have get record of people like socrate and plato be massage daily . and plato live to be 104 . nina socrate do not . fitch ( undeterred ) but the Roman be who they be — essentially italian without the loafer — they be the first to come up with the idea of massage as a form of foreplay . courtesan get pretty handy at it . it be part of the transaction , finally . nina well , it 's not like you have to have a degree in molecular biology to see a connection . massage be sexual . very sexual . fitch it can be . it do not have to be . it should not always be . ( continued ) 47 19 . 47 continued : nina I be not talk about sweat , scream , orgasmic epiphany . it 's just that you be lie there naked , someone 's touch you in place you sure would not let you father touch you , and it 's ... arouse . fitch it 's a form of communication . you just have to make sure you be both speak the same language . fitch make a few final adjustment to the table . see that he be nearly finish , Nina she shed she robe . it take a moment for she to locate a towel , during which time fitch get a eyeful . he say nothing . she say nothing . but neither she complete lack of embarrassment nor he utter professional disinterest strike we as entirely authentic . finally spot she towel , she draw it carelessly around herself . fitch stand up . nina look like we be ready to start . fitch we have already start . nina what do you mean ? fitch reach for he massage " tool bag " and begin remove item . fitch well , most of any massage worth have take place in you head . and I be sure you have be prepare — ( suddenly , a think occur to he ) why , be you in a hurry ? before she can reply , he pull a extremely odd and not easily explain item out of he bag of trick . he hold it up for she to see . fitch funny thing , hunh ? ( continued ) 47 20 . 47 continued : he put that item back and pull out one or two more . fitch you might want to have some music . what be that music you be play ? before you turn it off ? nina I will find something . she cross out of the room . she . after a moment , he follow CUT to : 48 int . hallway / entertainment area 48 from the doorway , fitch watch as she climb the stair and go to the stereo system . it 's only when she make she music selection and turn back that she see he look at she . a puzzle , slightly unsettle beat , then : fitch I would say we be ready . CUT to : 49 title card # 4 49 which read : " the back the back be the best place to begin any full body massage . " CUT to : 50 omit 50 51 angle on the massage table 51 Nina now lie prone on the table . fitch be , from all appearance , ready to go to work . he peel back the towel so that it do not quite cover she butt . fitch so what be we work on , Nina ? ( continued ) 51 21 . 51 continued : fitch any complaint ? malady ? any part of you body that need special attention ? nina the part that begin at my hair and end at my toe . from he bag , he remove a impressive assortment of bottle and jar . he select one then begin apply oil in long , slow , sweeping stroke until the whole of she back be slick and glisten . CUT to : 52 a series of shot — the art of the masseur 52 hand float ... finger unfold ... forearm bunch ... biceps flex ... shoulder tauten ... as in and out of frame he body glide with power and grace . watch , we be witness to nothing short of fitch 's complete mastery of he art : he be nothing short of the baryshnikov of massage . CUT to : 53 a pair of hand 53 younger . slightly more muscular . noticeably less accomplish . decidedly less poetic . more ballroom than ballet . more James T. farrell than marcel proust . and when the camera move slowly back , we see that it be not fitch massage Nina but the handsome , rugge man : Douglas . every now and then , she let out a small , involuntary sigh , which after a time begin to sound very much like a moan . this go on for a moment or two , grow in intensity , until the spell be break by : nina ( o.s . ) it 's my job , you know .... CUT to : 22. 54 angle on the massage table 54 fitch continue with warm , luxurious , circulate stroke , beginning at the small of she back and flow up to she shoulder blade . nina you be go to say something about how tense I be .... maybe he be . more likely he be undergo some out - ofbody experience , so deep be he concentration on the area of she back that he massage . nina Douglas always do . he 's always tell I how much tension I have . especially in my upper back , my shoulder . it 's all because of my work .... a beat of expectation , as she wait for he to question she about she work . then , when he do not , when he simply continue massage she in intense silence , she answer anyway : nina I own a gallery . a couple of they , actually . one here in town , off melrose . another in New York , tribeca . and when it 's you business , you baby — well , you know what they say about responsibility fall on you shoulder . it do — literally . a beat , then : fitch it 's best not to talk so much . nina be I ? talk too much ? fitch well , it 's you massage . you can do anything you would like . but you really should take some time to relax . I mean , you can not keep go all the time . or be that what the people you work with do ? ( continued ) 54 23 . 54 continued : nina the people I work with limit they relaxation to what they can purchase in a vial . after he perform a series of long , deep stroke , she visibly loosen up . she seem to be take he advice . half -jok , he lift one of she foot and let it drop to the table . fitch work already , see ? CUT to : 55 the park -like place 55 where the bearded man paint at a easel . the painting that he labor at be perhaps more naturalistic than what be fashionable this day . the work be nevertheless accomplish . just then , Nina drive by in she car . for some reason , the sight of the man at he easel capture she imagination . she make a u-turn and drive back . after a moment , she be out of the car and over he shoulder . he turn , surprised to see anyone anywhere near he . she continue study the painting , even as he study she . painter ( as he continue painting ) so what do you think of it ? Nina give a approve nod of the head . CUT to : 56 angle on the massage table 56 after a brief , contempative beat — nina how long have you be do massage , fitch ? fitch almost 20 year — off and on . nina interesting work . I be sure you meet all kind of people . give you a lot ( more ) ( continued ) 56 24 . 56 continued : nina ( cont would ) of freedom , too , I bet . I mean , it 's so portable : have table , will travel .... a brief beat , then : nina I travel a lot — in my work . too much , I be start to think . I guess it just depend how badly you want what you want ... another brief beat , then : nina do you like art ? you seem like the sort of person who do . fitch and what sort of person be that ? nina well , a ... ( catch herself ) what do you mean ? fitch ( more muse than argumentative ) just that I never think there be a type , that 's all . but I suppose you would know more about that than I would . nina well , do you ? enjoy art ? fitch ( after a moment of consideration ) who do you consider to be the great artist of this century ? nina how do you mean ? fitch I mean who be the five great — or four — or three ? nina I be really not in that business . ( continued ) 56 25 . 56 continued : fitch would you say Picasso ? would he be one ? or maybe chagall — ? nina - I do not think you can quantify artistic achievement fitch - or would you say Braque ? or klee ? nina what 's you point , fitch ? instead of replying , fitch retreat for a moment , again massage she in silence . his stroke now become a tease — although from all appearance a inadvertent one — as he hand move nearer and nearer she ass . finally , in a series of deep , slow stroke , he slip he hand under the towel and withdraw they , then slip they under again — to which she visibly succumb . her eyelid close heavily . CUT to : 57 douglas 57 now in fitch 's place , lean over the massage table , as he movement more or less echo the stroke that fitch have just perform . CUT to : 58 nina 58 on the table as she sigh deeply . CUT to : 59 angle on the massage table 59 Nina emerge slowly from she reverie . nina what be it you be go to say ? no response . nina you be go to say something and then you just stop . ( continued ) 59 26 . 59 continued : when there be still no response , she look up to see that fitch be go . then , as she slide off the table to go in search of he , she hear a strange clicking sound come from the hallway . CUT to : 60 int . hallway — day 60 returning from he car , fitch be click together two large magnet as he walk down the hall . suddenly , a painting hang on the wall catch he eye . it 's about then that Nina emerge from the studio . fitch this be just I now , this be just my opinion . but so much of what pass for art today — contemporary art — be without any kind of reference point : moral , historic , nothing . it 's not about anything . nina oh , I disagree . modern art be critical . that 's what make it modern . CUT to : 61 the park -like setting 61 the bearded painter sit at the easel prepare he palette as Nina continue to linger over he shoulder . nina where do you show ? the painter laugh . CUT to : 62 int . hallway — as before 62 Nina see the magnet . nina what be that ? fitch ( deadpan ) I do not know . I just find they in the trunk of my car . ( continued ) 62 27 . 62 continued : she look askance at he : she take he at he word . fitch they be magnet . nina magnet ? fitch about 400 gauss potency — perfect for that hard - to- treat area . without pause to explain further , he move into the kitchen . CUT to : 63 int . kitchen 63 Nina follow fitch in as he cross to the stove . there , he turn on a burner and begin warming the magnet . then , as she look on with a mixture of curiosity and apprehension — nina you really must visit my gallery . we have get a very interesting installation come up next month I think you should see . fitch and what 's that ? nina a history of woman 's fashion as a form of bondage . fitch cock a amused eyebrow . nina come and see it . I think you will enjoy it . it have a certain point of view . it 's funny . ironic. satiric . fitch a point of view . nina exactly . ( continued ) 63 28 . 63 continued : fitch I will tell you — and this be why so much of art today be so pointless , I think — what we suffer from , we society , be a kind of bankruptcy of spirit . nina I be sure people have say something like as long as there have be people to say it . fitch except this time it 's true . nina I be sure they say that , too . CUT to : 64 alice — close up 64 20ish , stun , she stare into the camera , revealing less than she show . nina ( v.o. ) if you be talk about today — the way we live — it 's fear — that 's what define we . CUT to : 65 int . the studio 65 fitch and Nina return : he with the magnet in hand , she a few step behind he . take note the massage chair by the window , he cross to it . fitch be this yours ? she nod . he indicate that she should sit in it , which she do . he then kneel before she , place a warm magnet beneath either of she foot . nina fear of change . fear of the future . Technology transform thing faster than people can take in . it turn we into stranger , everyone . that 's why people create the art they create . ( continued ) 65 29 . 65 continued : fitch bad faith . nina what be ? fitch blame someone else — something else — technology — as if we have no responsibility for ourselves , we action . nina so what would you suggest ? fitch I suggest we look inward , all of we , for starter . and then , I suggest we look outward . nina and then do we all sit cross -legge on the floor , hum like gnat ? fitch we might . we could . why not ? or else we could just go out and kill all the gallery owner . a beat , as Nina , amused , smile to herself . CUT to : 66 title card # 5 66 which read : " the neck and shoulder neck tension be often the root of psychological fatigue . " CUT to : 67 angle on the massage chair 67 fitch now glide he hand along she spine up to she neck and shoulder . he begin to apply acupressure in a series of short , powerful burst . ( continued ) 67 30 . 67 continued : the power of he fingertip cause she to exhale audibly as she try to diffuse the discomfort through she breathe . hear this , he do not stop . nor do she ask he to . CUT to : 68 angle on the massage chair 68 where Douglas have once more replace fitch . the discomfort that he cause , however , plainly border on pain , resembling nothing so much as control violence . yet , the harder he massage she , the more she grunt and groan and gasp for breath and — from all indication — just generally enjoy herself . CUT to : 69 angle on fitch and nina 69 although fitch continue he acupressure strong and hard , the mood — in contrast to Nina and Douglas — seem downright pacific . nina do you have any family , fitch ? wife , child ? fitch shake he head . nina mother , father ? fitch go now . they have be dead a while . I have a sister back in Sydney . nina I try to stay close to my family . it 's important , do not you think ? my sister 's in Boston , my brother 's in Georgia somewhere , my parent be retire in Florida , but we work at it . it 's important . do not you think ? CUT to : 31 . 70 angle on the massage chair 70 fitch let he eye close , shutting out the world , as he fingertip insinuate themselves into she flesh . CUT to : 71 fitch — moving 71 toward the small , rural house , he eye fix on the front door . nina ( v.o. ) what make you think that ? CUT to : 72 angle on the massage chair 72 fitch 's eye remain close for a moment or two . fitch think what ? nina a " bankruptcy of spirit " — be that really what we be about ? fitch call it what you like . the essence be that we have lose we way . as a civilization . spiritually , I be say . I have be around , and one thing I have learn : we do not know what we do not know . a beat , then : nina my work , I suppose , have a spiritual side to it . CUT to : 73 the park -like place 73 still seat at the easel , still laugh , the painter turn slightly so that he face Nina . ( continued ) 73 32 . 73 continued : painter where do I show ? CUT to : 74 nina in the chair — as before 74 nina each artist be unique . CUT to : 75 the park - like place — as before 75 painter people like I do not show anywhere . CUT to : 76 nina in the chair — as before 76 nina each have individual need . CUT to : 77 the park - like place — as before 77 the painter turn back toward the easel . painter I be not in fashion . CUT to : 78 angle on the massage chair 78 fitch kneel again and remove the magnet from beneath she foot . fitch although there be the matter of compensation . nina people understand that when they come to I . usually , that 's why they come to I . artist be rarely as troubled by the idea of they earning a live as everyone else seem to be . ( continued ) 78 33 . 78 continued : fitch ( puzzle ) so , then , what 's the spiritual side to you work ? but before she can respond , the strength of he acupressure cause she to exhale hoarsely suddenly . fitch ( as he persist in apply pressure ) this be not too hard for you , Nina ? nina ( breathless ) why do you ask ? fitch lay off on the acupressure , smoothing over the area with lush , soothing stroke . nina I have aspiration , artistic aspiration . except that I see myself up onstage somewhere , a performer . only problem be I could not sing or dance . I could audition . I mean , my gift be I know how to sell and so I sell myself . and in rehearsal , come to think of it , I be okay , passable . fitch would I have ever see you in anything ? nina no . lucky man . she laugh at this . but if what she say be a exaggeration , there clearly remain some element of truth to it . nina it be in school , mostly . but once or twice , in a otherwise professional theatre , I actually get up in front of a pay audience ... and make they pay . fitch ( amused ) so how would the gallery business get you ? ( continued ) 78 34 . 78 continued : nina oh , the same way most people end up do thing . I fall in love with the wrong person . fitch artist ? nina artist , art dealer , art critic — he be all artistic thing to all artistic people . CUT to : 79 close up 79 andy — swagger , 40ish , slightly scuzzy in a bohemian way — peer into camera . CUT to : 80 angle on nina and fitch 80 as he lead she from the massage chair back to the massage table . fitch and what happen to he ? nina who can say really ? CUT to : 81 title card # 6 81 which read : " the foot because there be less flesh to work with , care must be take not to probe too deeply . " CUT to : 82 angle on the massage table 82 stand at the lower end of the table , fitch drench she foot in oil . CUT to : 35 . 83 douglas 83 as he stroke she foot . CUT to : 84 nina 84 as she slacken she mind and allow it to roam . CUT to : 85 douglas — as before 85 stroking she foot , knead they , tug at they , all with unrelieve dispassion . CUT to : 86 angle on fitch and nina 86 in contrast , fitch 's contact with she strike we as far more sexual — superficially , at least — than Douglas 's . but appearance can , as they say , be deceive . for as erotic as this foot massage may seem , it be , for fitch , far more transcendental than sexual . once more , he eye close , he mind soar , and he hand seem to assume a will and intelligence of they own . CUT to : 87 fitch — moving 87 to the front of the small , rural house . just as he be about to knock on the door , it open slowly on its own . he peer inside . not another person in sight , even when the door have open all the way . CUT to : 88 angle on the massage table 88 with fitch continue to stroke she foot , Nina be very nearly purring — until she be jarre back to reality by she own hyperactive intellect : nina I like what I do , where I have end up , who I be . it give I a enormous amount of satisfaction . a brief beat , then : ( continued ) 88 36 . 88 continued : nina be you happy , fitch ? fitch happy ? nina you say you have spend all this time travel around . I be just wonder if it make you happy . fitch it 's make I a better person . sure . I suppose . happier than most people . if that 's what it 's about . Nina seem puzzle . fitch there 's more to happiness than be happy . nina meaning what ? suddenly , we be back into the foot massage , with it neareroticism in close up . we take a beat , then : fitch you see , with most people — culture — civilization — this idea of happiness — it 's not some frivolous thing . it 's not a good job . it 's not a new car in the driveway . it 's something else entirely . nina something spiritual . fitch ( with a reflexive nod ) the hopi Indians believe the body of a person and the earth be form in the same way : along a axis . fitch give up she foot for a moment and glide he hand upward along she leg until he reach she spine , which he then gently massage . ( continued ) 88 37 . 88 continued : fitch the axis for you and I be we backbone , we spine . and along this axis be various center of force nina center of force ? CUT to : 89 ext . campfire — night 89 a hopi shaman massage a woman by the firelight . fitch ( v.o. ) they be all very important , this different body center : the brain , the throat , the solar plexus . but the most important of all be the heart . follow its sincere purpose , the hopis say , and you be of one heart . but if you allow evil feeling to enter , they say you be of two heart . .... CUT to : 90 angle on nina and fitch 90 with he hand reach under she belly , rest below she solar plexus , he pause for a moment . nina it all sound very ... Eastern . fitch withdraw he hand and take a step back . fitch well , it be , in a way . nina be it ? fitch the tibetans and hindus believe in a almost identical series of center in the body . nina ( smug ) it 's like some share subconscious . almost like people be program to invent they . ( continued ) 90 38 . 90 continued : fitch almost . a beat , as he size she up , wonder if she have even a inkling as to what he 's be say . then : fitch now to I , personally , the most interesting part of this be how the hopi medicine man take this center of force and treat someone . CUT to : 91 a double bed 91 fitch lie on he back as the young woman alice lay she hand upon he . he listen intently , rapt by the word she speak , the lesson she teach . for if fitch be a student of the hopi culture , this may very well be he first lesson . alice you see , he can tell what 's wrong with just he hand . he can feel the vibration from each center and find in which one life run strongest or weakest . CUT to : 92 the massage table 92 as fitch continue the lay on of hand . fitch sometimes what 's wrong be what you would call illness . but other time , it come from outside , draw by a person 's own evil thought or from that of a two heart . CUT to : 93 the double bed 93 as the woman continue instruct . alice then , the medicine man will take a small crystal about a inch and a ( more ) ( continued ) 93 39 . 93 continued : alice ( cont would ) half across and look through it at each of the center . CUT to : 94 the massage table 94 as fitch continue search the center of force . fitch and that way , he can see the source of the trouble and , the hopis say , the actual face of the two heart who 's cause it . a beat , then fitch return he hand to Nina 's foot and resume massage they . nina ( mock ) tell I you have get a crystal in that bag of yours . fitch ( with a unamuse laugh ) no. nina because I could stand to know which two heart be cause I my pain . fitch be visibly annoyed , noticeably tired of humoring she smugness . he wander away from the table . fitch it work , though , you know , this kind of heal . what we forget be modern medicine — any science when you think about it — be a belief system : a religion like any other religion . Medicine work because we believe it will work . nina sometimes it just work . fitch and lot of time it do not . nina I like clergyman even less than doctor . ( continued ) 94 40 . 94 continued : fitch that 's because you worship in the temple of Art . which be a whole lot like the temple of Science , when you get right down to it . you God be a jealous God — the most jealous God of all , in fact — the God of reason . nina I see . so you be suggest — what ? — I convert ? become a hopi mystic ? can you do that , by the way ? convert to another race ? fitch the point I be make , really , be that we have — without even realize it — give up one kind of mysticism for another , more socially acceptable form of mysticism . I do not know about you , but I have never see a black hole or a quark . they may exist ; they may not ; I personally have no way of know . I have see hopis walk away heal , though , by nothing more than a medicine man use he hand and a few crystal . nina Christ , you be patronize . fitch all I be say be we — everyone — we have go and replace a system of belief with a system of disbelief . and that it 's find its way into everything we do and think . we have lose the capacity for wonder . and no one — and this be the insidious part — no one even know that it 's happen . nina except you . fitch be plainly take aback . abruptly , we : CUT to : 41 . 95 the double bed 95 Alice kneel in the middle of the bed while she continue touch fitch ritualistically . alice they understand themselves , the hopis . CUT to : 96 the massage table — as before 96 fitch take a moment to regroup , then : fitch they understand themselves , the hopis . CUT to : 97 title card # 7 97 which read : " the back of the leg the abundance of flesh here require more penetrate movement . " CUT to : 98 angle on the massage table 98 almost like a flashy bartender mixing a drink , fitch pour a thick stream of oil into the palm of he hand then spread it over she right calf and the back of she right thigh . a beat , as Nina wonder to herself if , perhaps , she have not be a little too callous , a little too cavalier about he hard - win belief . and so : nina where have you be , fitch ? in you travel ? fitch more place than I can sometimes remember . ( continued ) 98 42 . 98 continued : nina for example . fitch pretty much wherever the spirit take I . the Far East , Africa . a year with the aborigine in Australia . nina massaged you way from one end of the world to the other ? he nod . nina I envy that . fitch travel the world ? nina have no responsibility . fitch no responsibility ? I think it 's jus the opposite . nina why do you come here tonight , fitch ? fitch why would not I ? nina the Far East , Africa , the aborigine — I be not you style . Doug ask I to . different . fitch he say you be nina ( pleased ) do he ? ( extremely pleased ) I like he . fitch he say , of all the people he know , you be the one who be most ... ( continued ) 98 43 . 98 continued : nina what ? fitch adrift . a beat , as she consider that , then : nina adrift ? fitch that be he word . nina why would he say that ? fitch Doug 's get the touch . another beat , then : nina what do you suppose that mean ? adrift ? fitch take this as a rhetorical question until — nina I mean ... what do it mean ? fitch you heart , you spirit — you be search . nina how would he know ? he 's a kid . fitch not as much of a kid as he think he be . nina all my life , it 's be the same thing : man refuse to see I for who I be , project they idea of who I should be on I instead . now , even the guy do my massage want I to be something I be not . fitch and what 's that ? ( continued ) 98 44 . 98 continued : nina the torment , career - obsessed woman . I mean , why not take a little bit of a risk and get to know someone on a more complex level ? I really think more of Douglas — I know he 's you friend — but I really think more of he . fitch so it 's a risk ? he guide she off the table , which seem to surprise she . nina what ? as she look on curiously , he pour oil across the top of the table and begin work it in like a japanese steak chef . fitch complexity . she seem not to understand . fitch just now , you say he would not risk know you on a more complex level . so : be complexity dangerous ? nina be not it ? fitch you say it be . nina it be . get to know someone be always a risk . fitch in what way ? nina in every way , in every conceivable way . CUT to : 99 nina's sitting room 99 the painter study a painting hanging on the wall as Nina ease into view . ( continued ) 99 45 . 99 continued : nina what do you think ? I just get it . painter do not matter what I think . fitch ( v.o. ) I be not sure I get it . CUT to : 100 angle on the massage table 100 from he bag he remove a yellow cloth , which he lay across the table . he then guide she back onto to it . nina intimacy — whether it 's emotional or intellectual or sexual — I think it can be very threaten . fitch or a risk ? threaten ? Semantics ? nina Christ . fitch no , I be try to understand you . you say Doug do not . so I be try to . he cover she with other color cloth . fitch that 's what this be for . color draw thing out of you — even in silence . CUT to : 101 the painting on a wall 101 study by Nina and the painter . nina why do not it matter — what you think ? ( continued ) 101 46 . 101 continued : painter there 's only one reason to do art : it need to be do . and he do it . so why discuss it ? CUT to : 102 angle on the massage table 102 as Nina 's mind race . nina it be a fundamental difference between man and woman . fitch what be ? nina the level of intimacy they be willing to give themselves up to . and I mean any relationship , not just a sexual — romantic — one .... fitch and you base that on ...? nina what ? fitch well , I be just not sure there be this huge difference . I have not see it , anyway . nina you be try to get a rise out of I ? do it sound it ? to . fitch I do not mean it nina it 's like that old thing we use to debate : of what drive a man after sex , whether it 's nature or nurture that make he want to run for the door while the woman will lie there forever . ( continued ) 102 47 . 102 continued : fitch and that 's it ? that 's the difference ? the etiquette of sex with a stranger ? nina I never say anything about stranger . fitch well , as much as he might be tempt , I do not think a man 's go to bolt for the door the minute he 's have sex with he wife . nina obviously , you do not know the same man I do . CUT to : 103 flea-ridden bed 103 in some artist 's garret . Andy be sprawle across the bed , chew pensively on the end of a cigarette , when a youngish Nina approach . loom above he , she offer a look of great long as she caress herself . a brief beat , then he smirk derisively . CUT to : 104 angle on nina and fitch 104 as he now massage she inner thigh , pluck the flesh there . nina what a man want be a illusion : of what a woman be , of what a man and a woman be together . fitch any less of a illusion , you idea ? nina what 's that ? fitch that all man be alike , that I be exactly the same as Douglas , he 's exactly the same as ( continued ) 104 48 . 104 continued : nina ( quickly cut he off ) all man be alike . in certain fundamental respects . I speak from experience : two bad marriage — count them — before I be 27 . there be some variation , but they do not amount to much . she lie contemplatively for a moment , then : nina except maybe ... CUT to : 105 int . bedroom 105 Nina and the painter lie in bed together , après-sex . painter I want you to sit for I . I want you to see yourself the way I see you . CUT to : 106 angle on the massage table 106 a beat , as fleeting as it be wistful , then : fitch except maybe what ? nina nothing . fitch remove the color clothes and begin to cover she up with the towel . nina you really do not have to bother with that , you know . fitch with what ? nina the towel . cover up . I be not very modest , I be afraid . I actually prefer nothing on . that 's the way Douglas always do it . ( continued ) 106 49 . 106 continued : fitch he can get away with it . nina get away with it , how ? fitch be gay . nina Gay ? fitch doug. CUT to : 107 omit 107 108 the massage table 108 where the idea of Doug 's sexual preference leave she thunderstruck , although she try she hardest to conceal it . fitch you know he be gay ? nina ( lie ) of course . fitch he say you do . nina sure . yes . fitch he 's usually very upfront about it . nina very upfront . fitch in fact , that 's how he and I meet . he think I be . well , I would actually work on a friend of he who think I be . nina you be not . ( continued ) 108 50 . 108 continued : fitch ( with a shake of the head ) but Doug think everybody 's gay . that 's part of he charm . I actually think he 's bisexual in some halfass way . a brief beat , then : nina nevertheless . fitch what ? nina still . fitch yes ? nina the towel . CUT to : 109 title card # 8 109 which read : " the buttock begin at the pelvic bone , move the flesh instead of you hand . " CUT to : 110 angle on the massage table 110 fitch coolly strip the towel off Nina and toss it down . reaching for a bottle of oil , he take a moment to take she in . for the first time , he truly see she : in sharp contrast to the dowdy , doughy matron one might expect to be massage in this tony surroundings , she be lithe and sun-bronze . she seem to be , moreover , totally available . which prompt we to : CUT to : 51 . 111 the double bed 111 where fitch and Alice be wound around each other , panting and writhe , in the sweaty depth of sexual heat . CUT to : 112 angle on the massage table 112 as he pour the oil into he hand , he gaze at Nina a moment more , perhaps unaware of how long and how intensely he have be stare at she . fitch if you be ever interested in something a little different , you might want to try shiatsu . it 's all about stimulate energy at different point in the body . no oil of any kind . skin rarely touch skin . I have try it . nina once . he now go to work : first , oiling one side of she buttock then the other ; next , work in the oil with slow , glisten , voluptuous stroke . CUT to : 113 the double bed 113 where fitch straddle Alice , apply oil to one side of she buttock then the other in precisely the same fashion . alice you be get pretty good at this , you know . if you do not watch it , you might just spoil I . fitch and if I do ? alice well , you be the one who 's go to have to live with the consequence . fitch I will risk it . CUT to : 52 . 114 fitch and nina 114 as he keep up the slow , voluptuous stroke . if what he do be not sexual , it 's a pretty decent imititation , though neither one of they say or do anything to acknowledge it . nina tell I about you family , fitch . fitch my family ? nina you family now go . fitch not much to tell . nina what be you father ? fitch executive . ad man . but he family have money to begin with . my mother 's side , too . not a lot , but money . comfortable I guess be how they would describe themselves . CUT to : 115 dinner at EIGHT 115 a teen version of fitch , along with he sister , sit in the middle of a long table with a distinguished , greying man and woman , he mother and father , at either end . fitch ( v.o. ) they use to do thing like dress for dinner every Saturday night . CUT to : 116 fitch and nina — as before 116 as the long , voluptuous stroke continue . nina sound fun . ( continued ) 116 53 . 116 continued : fitch sometimes , we would have guest CUT to : 117 dinner at EIGHT 117 the three be now join by a young , affluent - looking couple . fitch ( v.o. ) someone from my father 's agency — some client and he wife . CUT to : 118 fitch and nina — as before 118 as the long , voluptuous stroke continue . fitch but , usually , it be just the family : my parent , my sister and I . fitch it 's funny . talk about role . my parent have this role that they always seem to ... inhabit . my father be the shrewd businessman . my mother be the thoughtful patron of the art . which be , as it turn out , a kind of fiction . nina how ? make he hand broad , he massage all over she buttock in big , circular stroke . fitch well , it be all the same to she . classical music . classical art . do not matter who or what it be . it be all lovely . the woman — and over the year I have come to almost admire this about she — she do not have a critical bone in she body . she be the sort of person they create public television for . he try to lose himself in the rhythm of he movement , the stroke he perform deep into she buttock . but it do not work . not this time . ( continued ) 118 54 . 118 continued : fitch one night — it be one of this Saturday night deal and some very important client be come . CUT to : 119 teen fitch — moving 119 down a staircase . fitch ( v.o. ) the man be all go to be in black tie . and about ten minute before the guest be suppose to arrive , I come downstairs , dress , ready . CUT to : 120 the dine room 120 where Teen fitch and he father , both dress for dinner , meet . fitch ( v.o. ) my father take one look at I and — well , he be not pleased , let 's say that . nina ( v.o. ) why ? fitch ( v.o. ) it be my bow tie . he say that by wear one of that clip - on bow tie I be humiliate he beyond humiliation .... CUT to : 121 close on fitch father 121 as he mouth the word fitch speak over . ( continued ) 121 55 . 121 continued : fitch ( v.o. ) " a real gentleman tie he own tie , " he say . " you look like a busboy . " CUT to : 122 angle on the massage table 122 as fitch wander toward the window and look out . Nice . nina and how old be you ? fitch seventeen . but he be not ranting , you have to understand . never . nina so what do you do ? fitch I pull apart the tie . nina what do you mean ? CUT to : 123 angle on teen fitch and he father 123 Teen fitch , much to he father 's astonishment , pull apart the bow . fitch ( v.o. ) because it be not a clip - on tie . it be you standard , J. Press bow tie . but I would tie it so well , I would do the tie so perfectly , that it look too good . nina ( v.o. ) and what do he do then ? fitch ( v.o. ) told I to retie it . m.o.s. : fitch 's father mouth word : " retie it . " Teen fitch , despite a brave front , appear still wounded from ( continued ) 123 56 . 123 continued : he earlier treatment . " retie it . " his father repeat he order : CUT to : 124 angle on the massage table 124 as fitch stare into some distant place . nina that 's it ? fitch that 's it . use bunched fingertip , he begin to probe deeply into the muscle over the hip joint . nina no apology or — and you be not angry ? fitch no. nina not at all ? fitch it be not about anger . nina what be it about ? fitch expectation . responsibility . my father , my mother — they be trap . trapped by responsibility to thing they never think twice about . trapped by they own expectation of themselves . a beat , then : nina I do not know anyone who do not feel some sort of ambivalence toward they parent . they be who they be , you be who they be , but then again you be not . fitch but I be not ambivalent about they , not at all . I like they . I totally ( more ) ( continued ) 124 57 . 124 continued : fitch ( cont would ) accept who they be — maybe even more than they do . CUT to : 125 ext . mud hole 125 in the shallow water , fitch massage Alice use technique from watsu , a kind of water massage . alice the angel keep they ancient place , turn but a stone and start a wing ! fitch what 's that ? alice oh , some line from a poem I once know . funny thing to suddenly remember . CUT to : 126 the massage table — as before 126 Nina 's eye be now wide : she be not so much shocked by this physical intimacy as by the realization of she openness to it . fitch , for he part , seem oblivious to what he 's do and its effect on she . CUT to : 127 ext . the mud hole 127 fitch continue massage . Alice then begin hum softly . the astute ear recognize it as the folk song , " the street of laredo ( the cowboy 's lament ) . " alice they be the same , do you know that ? the two song — " the street of laredo " and " St. James infirmary " — they start out as the same song and over the year go in two different direction . ( sing ) as I walk out on the street of laredo ... ( a different tune ) I go down to the St. James infirmary ... ( speak ) ( more ) ( continued ) 127 58 . 127 continued : alice ( cont would ) out of one place can come many different thing . CUT to : 128 angle on the massage table 128 as he continue pluck and stroking and teasing she inner thigh . nina with my family , my parent , it be more — what ? — be invisible , I guess . my father be a engineer . CUT to : 129 nina's father 129 smile , perfectly happy , perhaps mugging for the camera , home movie-style . nina ( v.o. ) he invent all this thing you would never see , thing that go inside huge industrial machine to make they run faster or smoother or safer . CUT to : 130 angle on the massage table 130 as he continue work on she inner thigh . nina but he never own any of he invention ; he company do . so he never make any money to speak of . and the thing he create go inside other thing . so no one outside that company even know who he be . he just do he thing . fitch maybe he like it that way . maybe he do not want any recognition . nina everybody want recognition . fitch the hopis have a word : pinú 'u . mean , " I be I . " it ( continued ) 130 59 . 130 continued : nina with my mother , it be pretty much the same thing . CUT to : 131 nina's mother 131 like she father , she mother be smile , perfectly happy , perhaps slightly more self - conscious in front of the camera , home movie-style . nina ( v.o. ) she have the only acceptable job any woman have in that day — a nurse . and a good one . CUT to : 132 the massage table — as before 132 as fitch work thoughtfully on she thigh . nina but like every other nurse , she be totally ignore , step on by any doctor she ever work with . another beat , then : nina it use to break my heart to see it : two people like that , as gift as they be , as caring . I swore I would not live that way .... CUT to : 133 andy 133 the scuzzy bohemian , palette in hand , be rapt at he easel , in the soft amber light of late afternoon : a portrait of the artist as a not - so - young man . nina ( v.o. ) which be what lead I to Andy , I guess . Andy be on the faculty of the art department at the college I be go to . CUT to : 60 . 134 angle on nina and fitch 134 close he eye , fitch continue massage she inner thigh , search she by sense of touch only . nina and for someone like I — eighteen , small - town girl , anonymous — it be ... liberation . it take about three year , but we do it finally — get marry — my parent be not too pleased . fitch how long be you marry ? nina good question . let 's see . three week , anyway . he smile , believe that she 's joke . two , she 's not . fitch what happen ? nina well , as popular as my husband be oncampus , he be revere south of the border . CUT to : 135 a dark alley 135 where Andy meet with a unappetizing non - bohemian . nina ( v.o. ) and hard as it be to believe today , I do not have a clue . CUT to : 136 nina and fitch — as before 136 nina I be eighteen , nineteen , twenty year old . I be a child fitch - eager for attention . ( continued ) 136 61 . 136 continued : nina Andy be charming , but the truth be he be not very smart . he make one trip too many through custom . CUT to : 137 a harshly lighted wall 137 as a uniformed man shove Andy up against it . CUT to : 138 nina and fitch — as before 138 nina I guess I should be grateful it be not on we honeymoon . a thoughtful beat , then : nina yeah , I do it for the attention , sure . which can not be say about my second husband . because I take my parent ' advice after that . I settle down with a decent , honorable , hard - work young man . it be like take a four- year nap . a brief beat , then : nina they be mistake . fitch but you learn from they . nina not really . well , maybe . I do decide the only man you should ever seriously consider marrying be the one who already be . for the most part , they have have some experience at it . fitch let 's take a break . CUT to : 139 omit 139 62 . 140 ext . patio 140 as Nina sit , fitcjh prepare he japanese acupressure heating pad . fitch this be a kind of japanese acupuncture that use heat instead of needle . he place the pad between she thumb and index finger and light it . fitch we put it here for nervous tension . a beat , as she observe he , then : nina how about you ? fitch how about I , what ? nina married ? fitch no. nina never ? fitch no. nina Close ? I suppose . you mean . fitch maybe . depend how close nina a serious relationship . a " meaningful " relationship . you have have one of that , I would hope . fitch I would hope . ( continued ) 140 63 . 140 continued : nina but nothing that stir up the old conjugal instinct . fitch a instinct ? be that what it be ? nina the desire to mate — sure . fitch the desire to mate be not the desire to marry . nina no , I suppose not . fitch no more than stand in a fire squad be the same as stand in front of a fire squad . nina right . fitch what 's get marry about , anyway ? two people sweep up in the most out of control , delusive kind of passion , swear to God they will stay that for the rest of they life . nina oh , so you be a romantic . fitch for I , what come out of a experience be not nearly so interesting as the experience itself . CUT to : 141 a campfire 141 fitch and the young woman stare into the fire . woman you be rich . it 's not you fault . but that 's why you be here . because ( more ) ( continued ) 141 64 . 141 continued : woman ( cont would ) you can afford to run away from you problem . CUT to : 142 ext . patio 142 fitch how many people know passion ? know it ? really CUT to : 143 nina and the painter 143 as she model for he , as he study she . CUT to : 144 ext . patio 144 nina who be she ? 145 alice 145 alone , stare into the fire . CUT to : 146 ext . the patio 146 as the acupressure pad smoke . nina how would you meet she ? fitch I be run from myself and she be not . CUT to : 147 the campfire 147 the young woman look up at fitch who pace thoughtfully . fitch ( v.o. ) some people , from the moment they be bear , seem to sense where life will ( more ) ( continued ) 147 65 . 147 continued : fitch ( cont would ) lead they . they accept it . maybe they even embrace it . but it make they a little old , too , I think . CUT to : 148 ext . patio 148 fitch it 's because they understand . nina understand what ? fitch she know what she know . CUT to : 149 the campfire 149 fitch continue to pace ; the woman continue to watch he . woman just decide what it be you want I to do . just decide and tell I . CUT to : 150 ext . patio 150 he then blow out the pad and remove it from she hand . nina so what happen to she ? he rise and head for the house . CUT to : 151 fitch — moving toward door . slowly sight , 151 the small , rural house , he eye fix on the front just as he be about to knock on the door , it open on its own . he peer inside . not another person in even when the door have open all the way . CUT to : 66 . 152 ext . patio 152 fitch disappear inside the house . follow . a moment later , Nina CUT to : 153 omit 153 154 title card # 9 154 which read : " the Front of the leg because the leg carry blood the farthest distance from the heart , start with a stroke to stimulate circulation . " CUT to : 155 angle on the massage table 155 fitch start in again , massage she leg . fitch people drift apart . nina not always . fitch more often than not . you get to a certain point of know a person and you start ask yourself : what 's leave ? nina or maybe you just think you have get to that point . fitch well , that 's what I have find . at some time , you just realize there be not go to be any more suprise . nina and you like surprise ? fitch smile ambiguously . nina or be it variety ? ( continued ) 155 67 . 155 continued : fitch remain silent . nina I do not . I do not like surprise . and I do not like variety . variety be a guy in a leather jock strap who 's just have he nipple pierce . and do not think I have not date they . a long beat , as he slide he hand up to she knee and begin massage the lower thigh . CUT to : 156 nina and the painter 156 Nina in a pose as the painter paint . painter I be see something for the first time , look at you . nina and what be you see ? painter a empty room with a lock door . Nina 's eye open wide . she be hurt . the painter continue painting as if he have not uttere a single word . CUT to : 157 angle on the massage table 157 as fitch continue to massage she lower thigh . nina I guess I really should not blame people for what they think of I . no more than I should blame myself . so much of what people do be just invention , anyway , invent themselves , invent they friendship fitch and be that what you do : invent yourself ? nina do not you ? poor little rich boy run off to join the Indians . ( continued ) 157 68 . 157 continued : fitch be that what it seem like ? nina it 's what it be . fitch quite obviously disagree with this . he nevertheless resist object , instead massage she in pensive silence . CUT to : 158 nina's bedroom 158 the painter sit on the edge of the bed as Nina approach seductively . then , when she be virtually stand over he : nina be I really a empty room ? painter yes . she peel off she blouse . nina even now ? painter ( sadly ) especially now . CUT to : 159 the massage table 159 nina we be alike , I guess , you and I . fitch you do not know anything about I . nina do not i? fitch not a thing . nina I know that self - indulgence be not self - fulfillment . ( continued ) 159 69 . 159 continued : fitch I do not hide behind thing , at least . nina yes . yes , you do . in the worst way of all . you hide behind you soul , behind this ooga-booga bullshit . fitch be stung sufficiently that he stop work . shift she weight to look up at he . Nina CUT to : 160 nina's bedroom 160 the painter rise from he position on the bed and walk a few step past Nina . painter in some strange way , you be pretend . at like my work . at be involved with I . at want to go to bed with I right now . at everything . nina no. painter I could not tell you what it be , but there 's just something you can not let go of . CUT to : 161 angle on the massage 161 at first , Nina seem ready to apologize to fitch , if a apology be what the situation call for . instead , she say nothing . a long beat , during which he gradually immerse himself in the massage again . fitch be now massage the inside of she thigh , work he way up from the knee to very near she crotch where he concentrate he stroke . for the first time , he seem fully cognizant of what he 's do to she . clearly , she 's not in the least uncomfortable with this . fitch be this how Doug do it ? ( continued ) 161 70 . 161 continued : nina Excuse I ? CUT to : 162 title card # 10 162 which read : " the chest when massage the chest of a woman , do not avoid the breast . try to work around the breast will disrupt the rhythm of you stroke . CUT to : 163 angle on the massage table 163 fitch have position himself at the head of the table as he begin a series of broad , circular motion just below the collarbone . fitch maybe the whole thing 's a question of perception . nina what be ? fitch it 's not the way people see you that 's the problem but the way you see they see you . nina how do you mean ? fitch well , like , Doug . he say you be — the word he use be adrift . he never mention anything about be single or not be single . he never mention anything at all . Beyond the initial observation , that be . nina I be not sure I follow . ( continued ) 163 71 . 163 continued : his finger drift nonchalantly lower down she chest , suggest that he would be the last person to let something like a breast break the rhythm of he stroke . fitch you like thing , nice thing . nina I do . fitch and you have nice thing , lot of they . nina a few . fitch and , yet , you feel like a failure . nina do I say that ? fitch do not you ? with he palm , he gently stroke the side of she breast , steadfastly refuse to move he hand any closer to she nipple . CUT to : 164 nina and douglas 164 as he move he hand slowly around she breast , encircle the nipple , come teasingly close to touch they only to pull away . he repeat this pattern once or twice more until , finally , he let he finger caress she nipple . her back tense . he gently pull at they , twist they slightly as he do . she exhales loudly . he pinch they between he thumb and index finger . her body stiffen . CUT to : 165 nina and fitch 165 as he bring he hand back to she collarbone , never have touch she nipple directly , leave she visibly frustrated . ( continued ) 165 72 . 165 continued : nina be you go to hold up you crystal and tell I I be of two heart ? fitch no . but , you see , what I believe be not " ooga - booga bullshit . " it come from first -hand experience . there be people who have possession , lot of possession , and they be make miserable by they . nina and there be people who live in refrigerator crate who would trade place in a second . I buy thing , I admit it . but I be not a materialist . not really . because , to I , thing be thing . they mean nothing . fitch not true . they carry memory . that 's the way they be meaningful — as a link to other people . nina well , all I know be I usually end up just get frustrated by all that conspicuous consumption , angry even . fitch because you think whatever it be you be buy will make you happier . or young . or sexier . nina I see what you be do , you know . you be try to convince I how miserable I be . fitch and be I succeed ? nina no , just pissing I off . fitch why 's that ? nina ( the rage slowly building ) because unlike you , nothing be ever ( more ) ( continued ) 165 73 . 165 continued : nina ( cont would ) give to I , that 's why . and it 's not money I be talk about , not just . everything I own — everything I have — I have earn , one way or another . so do not tell I I be wrong — do not tell I I be immoral — just because I decide to make something of my life and you do not . I mean , should not a man you age be something ? fitch I know you have make something of you life . I be just ask you what that be . Nina bolt upright . no , you be not ! nina not anymore . a long beat , as they remain eye - to - eye for a moment . she then slide herself off the table , rise to she foot . nina you know what they difference be between you and I ? really ? the difference be you have spend so much time completely rationalize you life that you actually believe it .... you be a very lonely man , fitch . fitch you let he touch you . nina who ? CUT to : 166 nina and douglas 166 as he spider - walk he finger around she breast , encircle the nipple . CUT to : 167 nina and fitch — as before 167 as they continue to face off . fitch you expect he to touch you . ( continued ) 167 74 . 167 continued : nina expect who to ? CUT to : 168 douglas and nina 168 as he let he finger caress she nipple , then gently pull at they , twist they slightly as he do , then pinch they between he thumb and he index finger . 169 angle on nina and fitch 169 as she back off slightly . fitch that 's what it 's about , be not it ? Doug and you — it 's about sex . Nina do not respond . fitch be not it ? nina I do not know . a beat , then : nina do he say something to you ? Douglas ? fitch shake he head : no . oh , Christ . nina that obvious , hunh ? she slouches back toward the massage table . nina I know it 's nothing to he . he 's very discreet about it . and it 's not like he do anything more than touch I . it 's about as safe as sex get this day . she now drop herself on the table and sit . nina I try to be , too : discreet . we never talk about it . we just pretend it 's part of the massage . ( continued ) 169 75 . 169 continued : fitch which it be . a brief beat , then : nina all relationship be a kind of currency , I have come to the unfortunate conclusion . I be use you just like you be use I use you use I . on and on it go .... the money part — it 's , at least , honest . a long beat , then the telephone ring . both head snap in the direction of the phone as it ring again ... and again ... and again ... until Nina 's answer machine click on : nina's voice ( from the answer machine ) hi , this be Nina . at the sound of the tone , the voice you hear will be you own .... we hear the shrill beep , then : a man' voice ( from the machine ) Nina , you there ? it 's I : Douglas . fitch and Nina exchange a look . fitch you be not go to get it ? clearly , she be not . so we : CUT to : 170 ext . vince's gym — telephone booth — day 170 doug ( on the phone ) sorry about the switch ..... he glance out of the booth at the man stare in at he . doug ( cont 'd ) something just come up . I be really just call to see if fitch make it . ( more ) ( continued ) 170 76 . 170 continued : doug ( cont 'd ) he 's a real decent guy . I know you will like he .... maybe he 's already be there and leave , hunh ? anyway , see you next week : same time , same place . ciao , man . as he hang up the phone , we : CUT to : 171 int . house — SUN room — day 171 as the answer machine click off , fitch and Nina share another look . she then recline on the table , prop herself up on one elbow . nina this be not the most relax massage I have ever have . fitch but it 's the best . she half - laugh at this then lower she shoulder , lie back on the table until she be completely supine . he stand back for a moment , as if not quite know what to do next . he then reach for a bottle and spread oil thickly across she belly , from just below she breast . he now begin some short , deep stroke across she abdomen , careful to avoid even the slight contact with anything like a erogenous zone . sexual contact would , in any case , be totally extraneous at this point . for in some perceptible though indescribable way , the two be now connect more completely and more intimately than sex would ever have allow they to be . nina I be not be totally honest . fitch about what ? nina men. Men and I . as much as I choose not to believe it , the truth be I have be involved with a lot of they . it 's always more of the same , sorry to say . CUT to : 77 . 172 the park -like setting 172 with the painter at the easel and Nina step into view . nina ( v.o. ) but the middle of last year — this man just suddenly appear in my life . a artist . CUT to : 173 angle on the massage table 173 nina you have get to understand that in my world so much be do for effect . and here be someone who do nothing for effect — he be who he be , no apology . CUT to : 174 the table by candlelight 174 Nina and the painter sit across from one another , hold hand . nina ( v.o. ) he treat I well . the painter lean across the table and kiss Nina . nina ( v.o. ) very well . she smile at he strangely . nina ( v.o. ) better than I treat he . painter I find myself think about you all the time . nina be that bad ? ( continued ) 174 78 . 174 continued : painter that 's what I be go to ask you . it 's hard for I to know where I stand with you . nina be everything in you life always so complicated ? painter no , just the important thing . CUT to : 175 angle on the massage table 175 nina and all he expect in return be for I to be I . fitch but you could not — give yourself up . CUT to : 176 the front door — nina's house 176 she watch in perplex silence as the painter walk down the street , disappear into the darkness . CUT to : 177 the studio 177 nina it 's be a long time — a long time — since my various husband blow through my life . but still . too much stuff . you do not want to admit how much people affect you , but they do . CUT to : 178 ext . missouri country road 178 winding , silent , lonely . CUT to : 79 . 179 fitch — moving 179 along the side of the same lonely road , toward a flash red light that grow brighter and redder as he approach . finally , a police car come into view and just beyond it the wreckage of a automobile . two emt be in the midst of pull Alice from the wreckage . they be in no particular hurry to get she up the embankment and inside the ambulance ; they have no reason to be . in death — or more accurately , fitch 's imagination of it — she be just as she be in life : achingly beautiful , untouched , without a bruise or scratch . 180 omit 180 181 omit 181 182 omit 182 183 omit 183 184 omit 184 185 omit 185 186 omit 186 187 angle on the front door — nina's house 187 she watch in perplex silence as the painter walk down the street , disappear into the darkness . CUT to : 188 omit 188 189 fitch — moving 189 toward the small , rural house , he eye fix on the front door . CUT to : 190 omit 190 191 omit 191 192 omit 192 80 . 193 fitch — moving 193 reach the front of the house . just as he be about to knock on the door , it open slowly on its own . he peer inside . not another person in sight , even when the door have open all the way . CUT to : 194 the studio 194 fitch stop for a moment and Nina turn to face he . fitch I come to a place once , not long ago . it be a lonely place , a empty place with no hope and , I think , no way out . it 's a place I could have easily be lose in forever . but , slowly , I begin to understand something — that I put myself in that place , and that it be up to I to get myself out . and so I choose hope . I choose belief . ( physically refer to he various mystical item ) you see , it 's all true . God have to be all thing to all people . to be anything less would be less than perfect — human . what you believe in be not nearly so important as believe in something . but just do not wait too long , or you may find yourself believe in nothing . CUT to : 195 fitch — moving 195 through the doorway into the rural house . once inside , he be meet by a tower hopi dress in cermonial garb . the hopi extend a arm in the direction of the center of the room . it 's there that fitch see a casket with its top open . fitch leave the hopi and cross reluctantly to the casket . he look down . there lie the perfect , lifeless body of the young woman , Alice . ( continued ) 195 81 . 195 continued : her mouth be turn slightly upward in the faintest melancholy smile . fitch be ashen at the sight of it . CUT to : 196 the studio 196 have pack up all he thing , fitch look at Nina . fitch how do you feel ? nina good . very good . fitch good . CUT to : 197 int . house — bedroom — day 197 wearing a floor- length robe , she emerge from the room and start down the hallway . CUT to : 198 int . house — another hallway — day 198 as she walk , she leg thresh open the bottom of the robe revealing that she wear nothing underneath . CUT to : 199 int . house — still another hallway — day 199 in the palm of she hand , we now see , she clutches five $ 20 bill . CUT to : 200 ext . house — driveway — dusk 200 fitch , who have just finish load he massage table into he car , return to the house CUT to : 201 i./e. house — front door & hallway — dusk 201 Nina meet fitch at the door with the money in she hand . . ( continued ) 201 82 . 201 continued : ina be it a hundred I owe you ? fitch do I say that ? nina that 's what Douglas charge I . fitch fifty 's fine . she push all the money toward he . nina take it . fitch honestly . nina take it . fitch okay , seventy - five , then . nina seventy - five , then . she press all the money in he hand . nina with a twenty - five dollar tip . he smile and pocket the money . fitch you get you way , do not you ? from he pocket , he remove what look like a computer chip . nina what 's that ? fitch something we be all look for . nina and what 's that ? ( continued ) 201 83 . 201 continued : fitch information . nina about you ? fitch I and you . he place the chip in she palm , close she hand around it , then turn she hand so that she fist face downward . he then touch the top of she hand with he index finger fitch I want you to think about not drop it , and that 's all I want you to think about . nina not drop it — okay . fitch concentrate . try as hard as you can . but on the count of ten , the chip be go to fall from you hand , and you will have absolutely no power to stop it . nina all right . fitch ready ? one ... two ... three ... four ... five ... six ... seven ... eight ... nine ... ten .... the chip drop from she hand . he catch it on the fly . he hold it for a moment then hand it back to she . fitch keep it . nina where do you learn that ? fitch I see it in a movie once . fitch ( after a moment ) well , I have get to be go . CUT to : 84 . 202 int . house — hallway — day 202 Nina lead the way to the front door , stop just before she open it . nina I would like you to come back next week . fitch I be flatter . I be serious . nina same day ? a brief beat , as he peer into she eye . fitch what about doug? nina what about he ? fitch I can not just take he gig away . nina Douglas be young . fitch so? nina he will find someone else to replace I . woman like he . that 's what you say . fitch well , it 's not that I do not want to come back . nina do you ? fitch yes. nina then , I will work something out with he . I will explain the situation . if it 's that important , I will have you both come . but not at the same time . ( continued ) 202 85 . 202 continued : fitch ( smile ) okay . he then extend he hand . fitch it be nice meeting you . I be not too ... I hope that nina what ? fitch confrontational . she take he hand , pull he close , and kiss he on the cheek in a friendly , distinctly unsexual way . nina of course , you be . CUT to : 203 ext . nina's house — driveway — dusk 203 fitch make he way down the walkway to he car , glance back over he shoulder as he go . CUT to : 204 fitch be Pov — front door 204 with the door open wide , Nina watch he . CUT to : 205 reverse Pov — fitch 205 wave , duck into the car , and turn the ignition . CUT to : 206 angle on fitch car 206 as it pull away . CUT to : 207 ext./ int . house — front door — dusk 207 Nina linger a moment , watch the car disappear into the darkness , before she close the door . when she turn away ( continued ) 207 86 . 207 continued : from the door , something in the bedroom the room catch she eye . CUT to : 208 int . house — bedroom — dusk 208 hanging from the wall be the portrait of nina that the painter paint . Nina gaze at it wistfully . she then remember that she hold something in she hand . she look down at the computer chip that fitch give she and smile . CUT to : 209 int . fitch be car — moving — dusk 209 from the seat next to he , fitch fumble for a tape then insert it into the ageing tape player . but instead of music , we hear the young woman 's voice . woman' voice ( from the player ) be it on ? fitch voice ( from the player ) it 's on . the sound of some fumble with the microphone . CUT to : 210 alice — close up 210 sing into the tape recorder 's microphone . woman' voice ( sing a capella ) I go down to the St. James infirmary , to see my baby there , she be stretch out on a long white table , so pale , so cold , and so fair . CUT to : 211 int . fitch be car — moving — as before — dusk 211 woman' voice ( v.o. , sing ) let she go , let she go , God bless she — ( continued ) 211 87 . 211 continued : fitch reach over and turn off the tape player . he then fix he eye on the pacific coast highway ahead . CUT to : 212 omit 212 213 int . house — hallway — dusk 213 Nina now move through the hallway , eyeing she various objet d'art , look at they with a critical eye that seem to suggest some serious re-analysis be go on , artistic and otherwise . CUT to : 214 int . fitch be car — moving — dusk 214 as the last light of day disappear , as headlight of oncoming traffic stream uninterrupted toward we , we ride with fitch for several moment more . 215 omit 215 fade out : the end