this script be for educational purpose only full metal jacket the screenplay by stanley kubrick , Michael herr and gustav hasford base on the novel the short - timer by gustav hasford 1987 fade in : warner bros . logo : warner bros . picture WB a warner communications company logo fade out : Music : johnny wright 's " hello Vietnam " title : a stanley kubrick film CUT to : title : full metal jacket CUT to : 1 int . barbershop - - parris island marine base - - day Marine recruit have they head shave with electric clipper . the hair pile up on the floor . 2 int . barracks - - day Marine recruit stand at attention in front of they bunk . master gunnery sergeant hartman walk along the line of blank - face recruit . hartman I be gunnery sergeant hartman , you senior drill instructor . from now on , you will speak only when speak to , and the first and last word out of you filthy sewer will be " Sir ! " do you maggot understand that ? recruit ( in unison ) Sir , yes , sir ! hartman bullshit ! I can not hear you . sound off like you gota pair . recruit ( louder ) Sir , yes , sir ! hartman if you lady leave my island , if you survive recruit training ... you will be a weapon , you will be a minister of death , praying for war . but until that day you be puke ! you be the lowest form of life on Earth . you be not even human fuck being ! you be nothing but unorganized grabasstic piece of amphibian shit ! because I be hard , you will not like I . but the more you hate I , the more you will learn . I be hard , but I be fair ! there be no racial bigotry here ! I do not look down on nigger , kike , wop or greaser . here you be all equally worthless ! and my order be to weed out all non-hacker who do not pack the gear to serve in my beloved Corps ! do you maggot understand that ? recruit ( in unison ) Sir , yes , sir ! hartman bullshit ! I can not hear you ! recruit ( louder ) Sir , yes , sir ! sergeant hartman stop in front of a black recruit , private snowball . hartman what 's you name , scumbag ? snowball ( shouting ) Sir , private Brown , sir ! hartman bullshit ! from now on you be private snowball ! do you like that name ? snowball ( shouting ) Sir , yes , sir ! hartman well , there 's one thing that you will not like , private snowball ! they do not serve fry chicken and watermelon on a daily basis in my mess hall ! snowball Sir , yes , sir ! joker ( whisper ) be that you , John Wayne ? be this I ? hartman who say that ? who the fuck say that ? who 's the slimy little communist shit twinkle - to cocksucker down here , who just sign he own death warrant ? nobody , huh ?! the fairy fuck godmother say it ! out-fuck - stand ! I will p.t. you all until you fuck die ! I will p.t. you until you asshole be suck buttermilk . sergeant hartman grab cowboy by the shirt . hartman be it you , you scroungy little fuck , huh ?! cowboy Sir , no , sir ! hartman you little piece of shit ! you look like a fuck worm ! I will bet it be you ! cowboy Sir , no , sir ! joker Sir , I say it , sir ! sergeant hartman step up to joker . hartman well no shit . what have we get here , a fuck comedian ? private joker ? I admire you honesty . Hell , I like you . you can come over to my house and fuck my sister . sergeant hartman purnch joker in the stomach . joker sag to he knee . hartman you little scumbag ! I have get you name ! I have get you ass ! you will not laugh ! you will not cry ! you will learn by the number . I will teach you . now get up ! get on you foot ! you have best unfuck yourself or I will unscrew you head and shit down you neck ! joker Sir , yes , sir ! hartman private joker , why do you join my beloved Corps ? joker Sir , to kill , sir ! hartman so you be a killer ! joker Sir , yes , sir ! hartman let I see you war face ! joker Sir ? hartman you have get a war face ? aaaaaaaagh ! that 's a war face . now let I see you war face ! joker aaaaaaaagh ! hartman bullshit ! you do not convince I ! let I see you real war face ! joker aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh ! hartman you do not scare I ! work on it ! joker Sir , yes , sir ! sergeant hartman speak into cowboy 's face . hartman what 's you excuse ? cowboy Sir , excuse for what , sir ? hartman I be ask the fuck question here , private . do you understand ?! cowboy Sir , yes , sir ! hartman well thank you very much ! can I be in charge for a while ? cowboy Sir , yes , sir ! hartman be you shook up ? be you nervous ? cowboy Sir , I be , sir ! hartman do I make you nervous ? cowboy Sir ! hartman Sir , what ? be you about to call I a asshole ?! cowboy Sir , no , sir ! hartman how tall be you , private ? cowboy Sir , five foot nine , sir ! hartman five foot nine ? I do not know they stack shit that high ! you try to squeeze a inch in on I somewhere , huh ? cowboy Sir , no , sir . hartman bullshit ! it look to I like the best part of you run down the crack of you mama 's ass and end up as a brown stain on the mattress ! I think you have be cheat ! hartman where in hell be you from anyway , private ? cowboy Sir , Texas , sir ! hartman Holy dogshit ! Texas ! only steer and queer come from Texas , private cowboy ! and you do not look much like a steer to I , so that kinda narrow it down ! do you suck dick ! cowboy Sir , no , sir ! hartman be you a peter-puffer ? cowboy Sir , no , sir ! hartman I will bet you be the kind of guy that would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the goddam common courtesy to give he a reach - around ! I will be watch you ! sergeant hartman walk down the line to another recruit , a tall , overtweight boy . hartman do you parent have any child that live ? pyle Sir , yes , sir ! hartman I will bet they regret that ! you be so ugly you could be a modern art masterpiece ! what 's you name , fatbody ? pyle Sir , Leonard lawrence , sir ! hartman lawrence ? lawrence , what , of Arabia ? pyle Sir , no , sir ! hartman that name sound like royalty ! be you royalty ? pyle Sir , no , sir ! hartman do you suck dick ? pyle Sir , no , sir ! hartman bullshit ! I will bet you could suck a golf ball through a garden hose ! pyle Sir , no , sir ! hartman I do not like the name lawrence ! only faggot and sailor be call lawrence ! from now on you be gomer pyle ! pyle Sir , yes , sir ! pyle have the trace of a strange smile on he face . hartman do you think I be cute , private pyle ? do you think I be funny ? pyle Sir , no , sir ! hartman then wipe that disgusting grin off you face ! pyle Sir , yes , sir ! hartman well , any fuck time , sweetheart ! pyle Sir , I be try , sir . hartman private pyle , I be gonna give you three second -- excactly three fuck second -- to wipe that stupid-look grin off you face , or I will gouge out you eyeball and skull - fuck you ! one ! two ! Three ! pyle purse he lip but continue to smile involuntarily . pyle Sir , I can not help it , sir ! hartman bullshit ! get on you knee , scumbag ! pyle get down on he fenee . hartman now choke yourself ! pyle place he hand around he throat as if to choke himself . hartman goddamn it , with my hand , numbnut ! ! pyle reach for hartman 's hand . hartman jerk it away . hartman do not pull my fuck hand over there ! I say choke yourself ! now lean forward and choke yourself ! pyle lean forward so that he neck rest in hartman 's open hand . hartman choke pyle . pyle gag and start to turn red in the face . hartman be you through grin ? pyle ( barely able to speak ) Sir , yes , sir ! hartman bullshit ! I can not hear you ! pyle ( gasp ) Sir , yes , sir ! hartman bullshit ! I still can not hear you ! sound offlike you get a pair ! pyle ( gag ) Sir , yes , sir ! hartman that 's enough ! get on you foot ! hartman release pyle 's throat . pyle get to he foot , breathe heavily . hartman private pyle , you have best square you ass away and start shitting I Tiffany cuff link . or I will definitely fuck you up ! pyle Sir , yes , sir ! 3 ext . parris island --day the training platoon be double-time in formation . hartman be call cadence . hartman right , leave , right , leave ! Left , right , leave , right , leave ! Left , right , leave , right , leave ! joker ( narration ) parris Island , South Carolina .... the United States Marine Corps recruit Depot . a eight - week college for the phony - tough and the crazy - brave . hartman mama and papa be lay in bed . recruit ( chant in . cadence ) mama and papa be lay in bed . hartman mama roll over , this be what she say ... recruit mama roll over , this be what she say ... hartman ah , gimme some ... recruit ah , gimme some ... hartman ah , gimme some ... recruit ah , gimme some ... hartman p.t.. recruit p.t. hartman p.t. recruit p.t. hartman good for you ! recruit good for you ! hartman and good for I ! recruit and good for I ! hartman mmm , good . recruit mmm , good . hartman up in the morning to the rise sun . recruit up in the morning to the rise sun . hartman gotta run all day ... 4 ext . practice field - - sunset recruit , silhouett against the sun , climb rope , net and ladder . hartman ... till the run 's do ! recruit gotta run all day till the run 's do ! hartman Ho chi Minh be a son-of - a-bitch ! recruit Ho chi Minh be a son-of - a-bitch ! hartman get the blueball , crab and the seven- year - itch ! recruit get the blueball , crab and the seven- year - itch ! dissolve to : 5 ext . parade deck - - day hartman march the platoon across a wide expanse of asphalt . the recruit carry rifle . hartman Left , right , leave , right , leave ! to you leave shoulder hut ! Left , right , leave ! Port hut ! hartman Left , right ! platoon ... halt ! Left shoulder hut ! pyle momentarily place he rifle on the wrong shoulder and immediately correct himself : hartman spot this and walk up to he . hartman private pyle , what be you try to do to my beloved Corps ? pyle Sir , I do not know , sir ! hartman you be dumb , private pyle , but do you expect I to believe that you do not know leave from right ? pyle Sir , no , sir ! hartman then you do that on purpose ! you want to be different ! pyle Sir , no , sir . hartman slap pyle hard across the leave cheek . hartman what side be that , private pyle ?! pyle Sir , leave side , sir ! hartman be you sure , private pyle ? pyle Sir , yes , sir ! hartman slap pne hard across the right cheek , knock he cap off : hartman what side be that , private pyle ? pyle Sir , right side , sir . hartman do not fuck with I again , pyle ! pick up you fuck cover ! pyle Sir , yes , sir ! dissolve to : 6 ext . parade deck - - day hartman march the platoon . - bring up the rear be pyle , he fatigue pants down around he ankle ; he be suck he thumb and he carry he rifle muzzle down . 7 int . barracks - - night hartman walk along the line of recruit in skivvy hold they rifle and stand at attention in . front of they bunk . hartman tonight ... you puke will sleep with you rifle ! you will give you rifle a girl 's name ! because this be the only pussy you people be go to get ! you day of finger - bang old Mary Jane rottencrotch through she pretty pink panty be over ! you be marry to this piece , this weapon of iron and wood ! and you will be faithful ! Port ... hut ! prepare to mount ! mount ! on hartman 's command the platoon mount they bunk with they rifle and lie on they back at attention . hartman Port ... hut ! the recruit snap they rifle to the port arm position . over they chest . hartman pray ! recruit ( in unison ) this be my rifle . there be many like it , but this one be mine . my rifle be my best friend . it be my life . I must master it , as I must master my life . without I my rifle be useless . without my rifle , I be useless . I must fire my rifle true . I must shoot straighter than my enemy who be try to kill I . I must shoot he before he shoot I . I will . before God I swear this creed . my rifle and myself be defender of my country . we be the master of we enemy . we be the saviour of my life . so be it .. . until there be no enemy but peace . amen . hartman order . . . hut ! the recruit snap they rifle down to they side . hartman at ease ! hartman turn off the barrack light . hartman good night , lady . recruit ( in unison ) good night , sir ! hartman ( to duty guard ) hit it , sweetheart ! duty guard Sir , aye - aye , sir ! 8 ext . parade field - - dawn hartman drill the platoon . hartman right shoulder ... hut ! this be not you daddy 's shotgun , cowboy . Left shoulder hut ! move you rifle around you head , not you head around you rifle . Port ... hut ! four inch from you chest , pyle ! four inch ! 9 int . barracks - - night hartman march the recruit through the squad bay . they rifle be at shoulder arm and they leave hand clutch they genitals . hartman this be my rifle ! this be my gun ! recruit this be for fight ! this be for fun ! hartman this be my rifle ! this be my gun ! recruit this be my rifle ! this be my gun ! they repeat this over and over again as they march up and down the squad bay . dissolve to : 10 ext . parade deck - - day hartman march the platoon , call cadence . 11 ext . " armstretcher " obstacle - - day Hand over hand the recruit swing along the " armstretcher . " hartman ten fuck second ! it should take you no more than ten fuck second to negotiate this obstacle ! quickly , move it out ! there be not one swinging dick private in this pla - toon 's gonna graduate until they can get this obstacle down to less than ten fuck - ing second ! 12 ext . " tough one " obstacle - - day hartman watch as the recruit climb rope and ladder to a high wooden tower above the platform 13 ext . pugil - stick circle - - day pyle and another recruit , wear football - style helmet , batter each other with pugil stick . the recruit be form up around they in a cir - cle . they cheer as pyle be beat , to the ground . 14 . ext . " dirty name " obstacle - - day recrurt wait in two line for they turn . hartman next two private ! quickly ! the next two recruit struggle over the obstacle . hartman get over that goddamn obstacle ! move it ! next two private ! quickly ! hurry up ! get up there ! joker and another recruit go over easily . hartman private joker , be you a killer ? joker Sir , yes , sir ! hartman let I hear you war cry ! joker aaaaaaaaaaaaagh ! hartman next two private , go ! pyle and another recruit . pyle be hopeless . hartman quickly ! get you fat ass over there , private pyle ! oh , that 's right , private pyle ... do not make any fuck effort to get to the top of the fuck obstacle ! if God want you up there he would have miracle you ass up there by now , would not he ? pyle Sir , yes , sir ! hartman get you fat ass up there , pyle ! pyle Sir , yes , sir ! hartman what the hell be the matter with you anyway ? I will bet you if there be some pussy up there on top of that obstacle you could get up there ! could not you ?! pyle Sir , yes , sir ! pyle drop heavily to the groulzd . hartman you ass look like about a hundred and fifty pound of chew bubble gum , pyle . do you know that ? pyle Sir , yes , sir ! 15 ext . chinning bar --day recruit be do pull -up . hartman watch joker finish many , many of they . hartman one for the Corps ! get up there ! pull ! joker finally drop to the ground . hartman I guess the Corps do not get theirs . get up there , pyle ! pyle try to do a pull - up but can not get to the top of the bar . hartman pull ! pull , pyle , pull ! one pull - up , pyle ! come on , pull ! you gotta be shitting I , pyle ! get you ass up there ! do you mean to tell I that you cannot do one single pull - up ? pyle , exhaust from he effort , drop to the ground . hartman you be a worthless piece of shit , pyle !! get out of my face ! get up there , snowball ! 16 ext . " confidence climb " -- day pyle climb a high obstacle . hartman get up here , fatboy ! quickly ! move it up ! move it up , pyle ! move it up ! you climb obstacle like old people fuck . do you know that , private pyle ? get up here ! you be too slow ! move it , move it ! private pyle , what - ever you do , do not fall down ! that would break my fuck heart ! quickly ! pyle freeze at the top . hartman up and over ! up and over ! well , what in the fuck be you wait for , private pyle ? get up and over ! move it , move it , move it ! be you quit on I ? well , be you ! then quit you slimy fuck walrus-look piece of shit ! get the fuck off my obstacle ! get the fuck down off of my obstacle ! now ! pyle climb back down he side of the obstacle . hartman move it ! I be gonna rip you ball off so you cannot contaminate the rest of the world ! I will motivate you , private pyle , if it short - dick every cannibal on the congo ! 17 ext . road --day the platoon be irregularly strung out on a road near the end of a rapid , force march . pyle be at the end of the line ready to drop . support by joker , pyle stagger along as hartman bellow at he . hartman pick'em up and set them down , pyle ! quickly ! move it up ! be you bear a fat slimy scumbag , you piece of shit , private pyle ? or do you have to work on it ? move it up ! quickly ! hustle up ! the fuck war will be over by the time we get out there , will not it , private pyle ? hartman give pyle a shove . hartman move it ! pyle gasp for breath . hartman be you go to fuck die , pyle ? be you go to die on I !! do it now ! move it up ! hustle it up ! quickly , quickly , quickly ! do you feel dizzy ? do you feel faint ? Jesus H. Christ , I think you have get a hard - on ! 18 ext . mud obstacle --day the platoon try to run , through the mud . pyle half carry by joker and cowboy fall take joker down with he . hartman quickly lady ! asshole and elbow ! move it out ! get up there ! move it ! move it , move it , move it ! 19 int . barracks - - pre -dawn hartman and two junior drill instructor stride into the squad Bay . the light go on . hartman bang loudly on a empty metal garbage can which he carry into the room . hartman reveille ! reveille ! reveille ! Drop you cock and grab you sock ! today be Sunday ! Divine worship at zero-eight-hund ! get you bunk make and get you uniform on . Police call will commence in two minute ! hartman stop in front of joker 's bunk . hartman private cowboy ! private joker ! cowboy Sir , yes , sir ! joker Sir , yes , sir ! hartman as soon as you finish you bunk , I want you two turd to clean the head . joker & cowboy ( in unison ) Sir , aye - aye , sir ! hartman I want that head so sanitary and square away that the virgin Mary herself would be proud to go in there and take a dump ! joker & cowboy ( in unison ) Sir , yes , sir ! hartman private joker , do you believe in the virgin Mary ? joker Sir , no , sir ! hartman throw down the garbage can with a loud bang . hartman private joker , I do not believe I hear you correctly ! joker Sir , the private say " no , sir , sir ! hartman why , you little maggot ! you make I want to vomit ! hartman slap joker , hard , across the cheek . hartman you goddam communist heathen , you have best sound off that you love the virgin Mary ... or I be gonna stomp you gut out ! now you do love the virgin Mary , do not you ?! joker Sir , negative , sir !! hartman private joker , be you try to offend I ?! joker Sir , negative , sir !!! Sir , the private believe that any answer he give will be wrong ! and the senior drill instructor will beat he harder if he reverse himself , sir ! hartman who 's you squad leader , scumbag ? joker Sir , the private 's squad leader be private snowball , sir !!! hartman private snowball ! snowball double-time up to hartman . snowball Sir , private snowball report as order , sir ! hartman private snowball , you be fire ! private joker be promote to squad leader ! snowball Sir , aye - aye , sir ! hartman private pyle ! pyle private pyle report as order , sir ! hartman private pyle , from now on private joker be you new squad leader , and you will bunk with he ! he will teach you everything . he will teach you how to pee . pyle Sir , yes , sir ! hartman private joker be silly and he 's ignorant , but he 's get gut , and gut be enough . now , you lady carry on . joker , cowboy & pyle ( in unison ) Sir , aye - aye , sir ! 20 ext . training field --day joker patiently explain the disassembly of a m - 14 rifle to pyle . joker the bolt . the bolt go in the receiver . operate rod handle . operate rod guide . 21 int . barracks - - night joker and pyle sit on they footlocker . joker instruct pyle in the correct method of lace he combat boot . joker and the leave one ... over the right . right one over the leave . Left one over the right . right one over the leave . 22 ext . confidence climb --day on. top of the confidence climb , joker gently talk pyle over the top . joker just throw you other leg over ... that 'a boy . that 's it . now just pull the next one over and you be home free . ready ? just throw it over . that 'a boy . just set it down . all right ? pyle breathes heavily . he be scared but he manage to get over . joker there you go . congratulation , Leonard . you do it . 23 int . barracks - - night joker instruct pyle in the correct way of make he bed . joker you fold the blanket and the sheet back together . make a four-inch fold . okay ? get it ? you do it . pyle look down . uncertainly at the bed . 24 ext . parade deck - - day joker work with pyle on the manual of arm . 25 ext . obstacle course - - day cowboy , joker and pyle run up a ramp , grab the rope and swing across a ditch . pyle make it without trouble . 26 ext . parade deck - - day hartman be drilling the squad , call the cadence and watch pyle who make no mistake . dissolve to : 27 ext . rifle range --day target be raise and lower , red marker indicate hit . hartman address the recruit . hartman the deadly weapon in the world be a mar - rine and he rifle . it be you killer instinct which must be harness if you expect to sur - vive in combat . you rifle be only a tool . it be a hard heart that kill . if you killer instinct be not clean and strong you will hesitate at the moment of truth . you will not kill . you will become dead marine . and then you will be in a world of shit . because marine be not allow to die without permission ! do you maggot understand ? recruit Sir , yes , sir ! 28 ext . parris island STREET --day the recruit be double-time to hartman 's cadence . hartman ( chant in cadence ) I love work for uncle Sam ! recruit ( chant in cadence ) I love work for uncle Sam ! hartman let I know just who I be ! recruit let I know just who I be ! hartman one , two , three , four ! United States Marine Corps ! recruit one , two , three , four ! United States Marine Corps ! hartman one , two , three , four ! I love the Marine Corps ! recruit one , two , three , four ! I love the Marine Corps . hartman my Corps ! recruit my Corps ! hartman you Corps ! recruit you Corps ! hartman we Corps ! recruit we Corps ! hartman Marine Corps ! recruit Marine Corps ! hartman I do not know , but I have be tell . recruit I do not know , but I have be tell . hartman eskimo pussy be mighty cold ! recruit eskimo pussy be mighty cold ! hartman mmm , good ! recruit mmm , good ! hartman feel good ! recruit feel good ! hartman be good ! recruit be good ! hartman Real good ! recruit Real good ! hartman tastes good ! recruit tastes good ! hartman mighty good ! recruit mighty good ! hartman good for you ! recruit good for you ! hartman good for I ! recruit good for I ! 29 int . barracks - - night the recruit in they skivvy stand at attention in two face row on top of they footlocker , arm outstretch , hand hold rigidly in front of they , palm down , for inspection . hartman move along the row of man . he smack a recruit 's hand . hartman trim they . hartman point at the foot of another recruit . hartman toejam ! to another recruit . hartman pop that blister ! hartman stop in front of pyle and notice he foot - locker be unlock . he pick up the lock and hold it up to pyle . hartman Jesus H. Christ ! private pyle , why be you footlocker unlock ? pyle Sir , I do not know , sir ! hartman private pyle , if there be one thing in this world that I hate , it be a unlock footlocker ! you know that , do not you ? pyle Sir , yes , sir ! hartman if it be not for dickhead like you , there would not be any thievery in this world , would there ? pyle Sir , no , sir ! hartman get down ! pyle step down , from the footlocker . hartman flip open the lid with a bang and begin rummage through the box . hartman well , now .. . let 's just see if there 's anything miss ! hartman freeze . he reach down and slowly pick up a jelly doughnut , hold it in disgust at arm 's length with he fingertip . hartman Holy Jesus ! what be that ? what be that , private pyle ?! pyle Sir , a jelly doughnut , sir ! hartman a jelly doughnut ?! pyle Sir , yes , sir ! hartman how do it get here ? pyle Sir , I take it from the mess hall , sir ! hartman be chow allow in the barrack , private pyle ? pyle Sir , no , sir ! hartman be you allow to eat jelly doughnut , private pyle ? pyle Sir , no , sir ! hartman and why not , private pyle ? pyle Sir , because I be too heavy , sir ! hartman because you be a disgusting fatbody , private pyle ! pyle Sir , yes , sir ! hartman then why do you hide a jelly doughnut in you footlocker , private pyle ? pyle Sir , because I be hungry , sir ! hartman because you be hungry ? holding out the jelly doughnut , hartman walk down the row of recruit still stand with they arm outstretch . hartman private pyle have dishonor himself and dishonor the platoon ! I have try to help he , but I have fail ! I have fail because you have not help I ! you people have not give private pyle the proper motivation ! so , from now on , whenever private pyle fuck up , I will not punish he , I will punish all of you ! and the way I see it , lady , you owe I for one jelly doughnut ! now , get on you face ! hartman ( to pyle ) open you mouth ! he shove the jelly doughnut into pyle 's mouth . hartman they be pay for it , you eat it ! hartman turn to the recruit . hartman ready . . . exercise ! the platoon do push-up . recruit ( chant in cadence ) one , two , three , four ! I love the Marine Corps ! one , two , three , four ! I love the Marine Corps ! one , two , three , four ! I love the Marine Corps ! one , two , three , four while the platoon do push -up , pyle swallow hard to get down . bite of the doughnut . dissolve to : 30 int . barracks - - dawn joker check pyle 's uniform . joker ( quietly ) you really look like shit today , Leonard . pyle joker ? everybody hate I now . even you . joker nobody hate you , Leonard . you just keep make mistake , get everybody in trouble . pyle I can not do anything right . I need help . joker I be try to help you , Leonard . I be really try . pyle grin , trustingly . joker tuck you shirt in . dissolve to : 31 ext . training field --day the platoon do squat thrust as pyle sit , he cap on backwards , suck he thumb . hartman watch . recruit ( count in unison ) one , turo , three nineteen ! one , two , three . . . twenty ! one , two , three twenty - one ! one , two , three . . . twenty -two ! one , two , three twenty - three ! one , two , three . . . twenty -four ! one , two , three . . . twenty -five ! one , two , three . . . twnty -six ! one , two , three . . . twenty -seven ! one , two , three . . . twenty -eight ! one , two , three . . . twenty -nine ! one , two , three . . . thirty ! fade to black 32 int . barracks - - night we see a towel on a bed . a bar of soap be toss on the towel . the towel be fold over the soap form a weapon . a hand pick up the towel - weapon and bang it on the mattress make a dull thud . pyle be asleep in he bunk . the platoon silently slip out of they bed and form up around pyle . a blanket be throw over pyle , each corner hold down by a recruit , pin pyle to the bed . cowboy shove a gag in pyle 's mouth . pyle be helpless . the platoon file past beat pyle with the bar of soap wrap in towel . pyle 's scream be muffle by the gag . joker be the last one . he stand back from the bed . cowboy ( to joker ) do it ! do it ! joker hesitates , then move forward and hit pyle hard several time . then joker jump into he bunk . the recruit yank the restrain blanket of pyle and run back to they bunk . cowboy ( remove gag ) remember , it 's just a bad dream , fatboy . pyle sob loudly and sit up , hold himself in pain . lying in , he bunk , joker cover he ear . fade in : 33 ext . parade deck - - day the platoon be line up . hartman Port ... hut ! Left shoulder ... hut ! right shoulder hut ! Port ... hut ! do we love we beloved Corps , lady ? recruit ( shouting in unison ) semper fi , do or die ! gung ho , gung ho , gung ho ! pyle say nothing , just stare straight ahead . hartman what make the grass grow ? recruit blood , blood , blood ! pyle stare . do not join in the shouting . hartman what do we do for a live , lady ? recru1 ts kill , kill , kill ! pyle remain silent . hartman I can not hear you ! recruit kill , kill , kill ! hartman bullshit ! I still can not hear you ! recruit kill , kill , kill ! pyle continue to stare blartkly ahead . 34 ext . bleacher - - day the platoon sit on bleacher face hartman . hartman do any of you people know who Charles Whitman be ? no response . hartman none of you dumbass know ? cowboy raise he hand . hartman private cowboy ? cowboy Sir , he be that guy who shot all that people from that tower in Austin , Texas , sir ! hartman that 's affirmative . Charles Whitman kill twenty people from a twenty - eight -storey observation tower at the University of Texas from distance up to four hundred yard . hartman look around . hartman anybody know who Lee harvey oswald be ? almost everybody raise he hand . hartman private snowball ? snowball Sir , he shot Kennedy , sir ! hartman that 's right , and do you know how far away he be ? snowball Sir , it be pretty far ! from that book suppository building , sir ! the recruit laugh at " suppository . " hartman all right , knock it off ! two hundred and fifty foot ! he be two hundred and fifty foot away and shoot at a move target . oswald get off three round with a old italian bolt action rifle in only six second and score two hit , include a head shot ! do any of you people know where this individual learn to shoot ? joker raise he hand . hartman private joker ? joker Sir , in the Marines , sir ! hartman in the Marines ! outstanding ! that individual show what one motivate marine and he rifle can do ! and before you lady leave my island , you will be able to do the same thing ! camera slowly move in on pyle stare at hartman . 35 int . barracks - - day recruit stand at attention in two face row . hartman walk between the row , lead they in song . hartman & recruit happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you , happy birthday , dear Jesus , happy birthday to you ! hartman today ... be Christmas ! there will be a magic show at zero-nine -thirty ! chaplain Charlie will tell you about how the free world will conquer communism with the aid of God and a few marine ! God have a hard - on for marine because we kill everything we see ! he play his game , we play ours ! to show we appreciation for so much power , we keep heaven pack with fresh soul ! God be here before the Marine Corps ! so you can give you heart to Jesus , but you ass belong to the Corps ! do you lady understand ? recruit Sir , yes , sir ! hartman I can not hear you ! recruit Sir , yes , sir ! 36 int . barracks - - night the recruit be seat on footlocker , clean they rifle . hartman prowl among they , watch . pyle taliz softly to he rifle . joker look at he uneasily . pyle ( to he rifte ) it 's be swab .... and wipe . everything be clean . beautiful . so that it slide perfectly . Nice . everything clean . oile . so that you action be beautiful . smooth , charlene . dissolve to : 37 int . barracks - - night a few recruit , include pyle , be mop the floor . 38 int . latrine -- night in the latrine cowboy and joker be also mop the floor . joker stop , look around to be sure they be alone , and turn to cowboy . joker Leonard talk to he rifle . cowboy keep mop . cowboy yeah ! joker I do not think Leonard can hack it anymore . think Leonard 's a section eight . pause . cowboy it do not surprise I . they both go back to mop . joker speak again after some silence . joker I want to slip my tubesteak into you sister . what will you take in trade ? cowboy what have you get ? 39 ext . firing range - - day hartman kneel behind pyle , look on with approval . pyle finish a good group and reload he m - 14 . hartman outstanding , private pyle ! I think we have finally find something that you do well ! I pyle Sir , yes , sir ! 40 ext . parade deck - - day hartman inspect the recruit . hartman ( to joker ) what 's you sixth General order ? joker Sir , the private 's sixth general order be to receive and obey and to pass on to the sentry who relieve I ... all order ... Sir , the private 's sixth ... Sir , the private have be instruct but he do not know , sir ! hartman you slimy scumbag , get on you face and give I twenty - five ! joker Sir , aye - aye , sir ! hartman walk to pyle . hartman how many count in that movement you have just execute ? pyle Sir , four count , sir ! hartman what 's the idea of look down in the chamber ? pyle Sir , that be the guarantee that the private be not give the inspect officer a load weapon , sir ! hartman what 's you fifth general order ? pyle Sir , the private 's fifth general order be to quit my post only when properly relieved , sir ! hartman what 's this weapon 's name , private pyle ? pyle Sir , the private 's weapon 's name be charlene , hartman private pyle , you be definitely bear again hard ! Hell , I may even allow you to serve asa rifleman in my beloved Corps . pyle Sir , yes , sir ! 41 ext . parris island STREET --day hartman double-time the recruit , call cadence . hartman I do not want no teenage queen . recruit I do not want no teenage queen . hartman I just want my m - 14 . recruit I just want my m - 14 . hartman if I die in the combat zone . recruit if I die in the combat zone . hartman box I up and ship I home . recruit box I up and ship I home . hartman pin my medal upon my chest . recruit pin my medal upon my chest . hartman tell my mom I have do my best . recruit tell my mom I have do my best . dissolve to : 42 ext . forest --day Woods . for the first time the platoon march in full combat gear carry rifle . joker ( narration ) graduation be only a few day away and the recruit of platoon thirty - ninety - two be salty . they be ready to eat they own gut and ask for second . 43 ext . field - - day in full combat gear and with fix bayonet , the recruit charge through green smoke . joker ( narration ) the drill instructor be proud to see that we be grow beyond they control . the Marine Corps do not want robot . the Marine Corps want killer . the Marine Corps want to build indestructible man , man without fear . 44 int . barracks - - day hartman talk to the recruit form up ina school - circle . hartman today you people be no longer maggot . today you be marine . you be part of a brotherhood . 45 ext . parade ground - - day graduation . a march band . spectator . hundred of marine parade by in dress uniform . hartman ( voice over ) from now on , until the day you die , wherever you be , every marine be you brother . most of you will go to Vietnam . some of you will not come back . but always remember this : marine die , that 's what we be here for ! but the Marine Corps life forever . and that mean you live forever ! dissolve to : 46 int . barracks - - day hartman talk to the platoon , again in a school - circle . hartman pickett ! pickett Sir , yes , sir ! hartman 0 - three-hundred , infantry . toejam ! toejam Sir , yes , sir ! hartman o-three-hundred , infantry . Adams ! adam Sir , yes , sir ! hartman eighteen-hundred , Engineers . you go out and find mine . cowboy ! cowboy Sir , yes , sir ! hartman 0 - three-hundred , infantry ! Taylor ! taylor Sir , yes , sir ! hartman o-three-hundred , infantry . joker ! joker Sir , yes , sir ! hartman forty-two-twelve , Basic military journalism . you gotta be shitting I , joker ! you think you be mickey spillane ? do you think you be some kind of fuck writer ? joker Sir , I write for my high school newspaper , sir ! hartman Jesus H. Christ , you be not a writer , you be a killer ! joker a killer , yes , sir ! hartman gomer pyle ! pyle do not answer . hartman gomer pyle ! we see pyle in close - up , now completely with - draw , barely able to answer hartman . pyle Sir , yes , sir ! hartman you forget you fuck name ? 0 - three - hundred , infantry . you make it . Perkins ! perkin Sir , yes , sir ! 47 int . barracks - - night the platoon sleep . joker walk slowly down the squad bay with a flashlight . joker ( itarration ) we last night on the island . I draw fire watch . joker hear a muffle sound . he be not sure where it come from . he slowly enter the latrine . 48 int . latrine -- night running he flashlight across the room joker see pyle sit ona toilet , load a magazine for he m - 14 rifle . pyle look up at joker and smile . it be a frightening smile . pyle ( strange voice ) hi , joker . joker stare at pyle for a few second . pyle have suite clearly snap . joker be that ... live round ? pyle seven-six - two millimeter , full metal jacket . pyle smile grotesquely . joker Leonard .. . if hartman come in here and catch we , we will both be in a world of shit . pyle iam ... inaworld .. . of shit ! pyle get to he foot , snap he rifle to port arm , and start execute the manual of arm . pyle ( shouting ) Left shoulder ... hut ! right shoulder hut ! lock and load ! order ... hut ! pyle pick up the load magazine , insert it into the rifle and smartly bring the rifle down to the order arm position . pyle ( shouting ) this be my rifle ! there be many like it , but this one be mine . 49 int . barracks hallway - - night by now the platoon be awake . hartman burst from he room , wear he skivvy and d.i. hat . pyle ( offscreen ) my rifle be my best friend ! it be my life ! hartman get back in you bunk ! pyle ( o.s . ) I must master it as I must master my life ! without I 50 int . latrine - - night hartman storm into the latrine . hartman what be this mickey mouse shit ? what in the name of Jesus H. Christ be you animal do in my head ? ( to joker ) why be private pyle out of he bunk after light out ?! why be private pyle hold that weapon ? why be not you stomping private pyle 's gut out ? joker Sir , it be the private 's duty to inform the senior drill instructor that private pyie have a full Magazine and have lock and load , sir ! hartman and pyle look at each other . pyle smile from the depth of he own hell . hartman focus all of he considerable power of intimidation , into he best John - wayne-on-suribachi voice . hartman now you listen to I , private pyle , and , you listen good . I want that weapon , and I want it now ! you will place that rifle on the deck at you foot and step back away from it . with a twisted smile on he face pyle point he rifle at hartman . hartman look suddenly calm . his eye , he manner be that of a wanderer who have find he home . hartman what be you major malfunction , numbnut ?!! do not mommy and daddy show you enough attention when you be a child ?!!! bang ! the round hit hartman in the chest . he fall back dead . joker and pyle stand look at the body . then pyle look at joker and slowly raise he rifle . joker ( tremble ) easy , Leonard . go easy , man . pyle breathes heavily , and keeps the rifle aim at joker . joker be scared shitless . pyle look at joker for several second and slowly lower the rifle . then he stumble back a few step and sit down , heavily on the toilet . pyle turn away from joker and stare into space , a strangely peaceful look transform he face . he place the muzzle of the rifle in he mouth . joker no !!! bang ! pyle pull the trigger and blow the back of he head over the white tile wall behind he . scene fade to black fade in : 51 ext . da nang STREET , vietnam - - day motorcycle , car , vietnamese civilian . swing she hip ruith exaggerated sexiness , a attractive hooker in a mini-skirt walk toward a cafe ' table on the pavement ulhere joker and rafterman be seat . Music : Nancy Sinatra 's " this boot be make for walk . " the girl stop at joker 's table . hooker hey , baby , you get girlfriend Vietnam ? joker not just this minute . hooker well , baby , I so horny . I so horny . I love you long time . you party ? joker yeah , we might party . how much ? hooker Fifteen dolla . joker Fifteen dollar for both of we ? hooker no . each you fifteen dolla . I love you long time . I so horny . joker Fifteen dollar too boo-coo . five dollar each . hooker I suckee -suckee . I love you too much . joker five dollar be all my mom allow I to spend . hooker okay ! ten dolla each . joker what do we get for ten dollar ? hooker everything you want . joker everything ? hooker everything . joker well , old buddy , feel like spend some of you hard - earn money ? rafterman just a minute . rafterman raise he Nikon and start photograph joker and the hooker . the girl strike quick pose for the camera and cough . joker put he arm around she . joker you know , half this gook whore be serve officer in the viet cong . the girl cough again . joker the other half have get t.b. make sure you only fuck the one that cough . a young vietnamese boy walk up behind rafterman and grab the Nikon camera from he hand . the boy run to a accomplice sit on a wait motorbike and toss the camera to he . then in mockery the boy excecute a few , Bruce Lee move before jump on the bike and zoom off : joker laugh . dissolve to 52 ext . U.S. marine base --day the main gate of the base . High -security fencing . tank , jeep , truck . a military helicopter land . dissolve to : 53 ext . da nang base - - day joker and rafterman walk down the base street past row of hootches and other building . in the background some marine play basketball . joker that little sucker really have some move on he , do not he ? rafterman yeah ... you know what really piss I off about this people ? joker what ? rafterman we be suppose to be help they and they shit all over we every chance they get ... I just can not feature that . joker do not take it too hard , rafterman . it 's just business . rafterman I hate Da Nang , joker . I want to go out into the field . I have be in this country almost three month , and all I do be take handshake shot at award ceremony . joker you get waste you first day in the field and it would be my fault . rafterman a high school girl could do my job . I want to get out into the shit . I want to get some trigger time . joker if you get kill , you mom will find I after I rotate back to the world and she will beat the shit out of I . that 's a negative , rafterman . 54 int . sea - TIGER hut --day a quonset hut . a editorial meeting of the Sea Tiger , the official marine newspaper , be in progress preside over by lieutenant lockhart . joker , rafterman , and six other marine corresponden be seat around a large messy table cover with camera , photograph , newspaper artd magazine . lockhart okay , guy , let 's keep it short and sweet today . anybody get anything new ? joker there 's a rumor go around that the Tet ceasefire be gonna be cancel . lockhart rear-echelon paranoia . joker a bro in Intelligence say Charlie might try to pull off something big during the Tet holiday . lockhart they say the same thing every year . joker there 's a lot of talk about it , sir . lockhart I would not lose any sleep over it . the Tet holiday 's like the fourth of July , Christmas and New Year all roll into one . every zipperhead in nam , North and South , will be bang gong , bark at the moon and visit he dead relative . lockhart all right ... Ann - margret and entourage be due here next week . I want someone to be there on the airfield and stick with she for a couple of day . uh , rafterman , you take it . rafterman aye-aye , sir . lockhart get I some good low - angle stuff . do not make it too obvious , but I want to see fur and early morning dew . rafterman yes , sir . lockhart ( read ) " diplomat in dungaree -- Marine engineer lend a help hand rebuild Dong phuc village . . . " chili , if we move vietnamese , they be evacuee . if they come to we to be evacuate , they be refugee . chili I will make a note of it , sir . lockhart ( read ) " n.v.a . soldier desert after reading pamphlet -- a young North vietnamese Army regular , who realize he side could not win the war , desert from he unit after read open arm program pamphlet . " that 's good , Dave . but why say North vietnamese Army regular ? be there a irregular ? how about North vietnamese Army soldier ? dave I will fix it up , sir . lockhart lawrence welk show 's gonna go out on tv in two week . Dave , do a hundred word on it . aftv '1l give you some background stuff . dave yes , sir . lockhart ( read ) " not while we be eat --n.v.a. learn marine on a search and destroy mission do not like to be interrupt while eat chow . " search and destroy . uh , we have a new directive from m.a.f. on this . in the future , in place of " search and destroy , " substitute the phrase " sweep and clear . " get it ? joker get it . very catchy . lockhart and , joker ... where 's the weenie ? joker sir! lockhart the kill , joker . the kill . I mean , all that fire , the grunt must have hit something . joker do not see ‘em . lockhart joker , I have tell you , we run two basic storey here . grunt who give half they pay to buy gook toothbrush and deodorant -- win of heart and mind --okay ? and combat action that result in a kill -- win the War . now you must have see blood trail ... drag mark ? joker it be raining , sir . lockhart well , that 's why God pass the law of probability . now rewrite it and give ita happy end -- say , uh , one kill . make it a sapper or a officer . which ? joker whichever you say . lockhart grunt like read about dead officer . joker okay , a officer . how about a general ? a few laugh . lockhart joker , maybe you would like we guy to read the paper and feel bad . I mean , in case you do not know it , this be nota particularly popular war . now , it be we job to report the news that this why-are - we-here civilian newsmen ignore . joker Sir , maybe you should go out on some op yourself . I be sure you could find a lot more blood trail and drag mark . some laugh . lockhart joker , I have have my ass in the grass . can not say I like it much . lot of bug and too dangerous . as it happen , my present duty keep I where I belong . in the rear with the gear . dissolve to : 55 ext . da nang base - - dusk row of hootches . in the distance , firework . joker ( voiceover ) tet. the Year of the monkey . vietnamese lunar New Year 's eve. down in dogpatch , the gook be shoot off firework to celebrate . dissolve to : 56 int . hootch --night joker , rafterman , payback and the other be in they bunk , read , lazing , smoking grass . joker be write in a notebook . joker ( yawn and stretch ) I be fuck bored to death , man . I gotta get back in the shit . I be not hear a shot fire in anger in week . payback joker 's so tough he would eat the booger out of a dead man 's nose ... then ask for second . some laugh . joker ( John Wayne voice ) listen up , pilgrim . a day without blood be like a day without sunshine . payback shi-i--i-t ! joker think the bad bush be between old mama -san 's leg . some laugh . payback he 's never be in the shit . it 's hard to talk about it , man . it 's like on hastings . chili aw , you be not on operation hastings , payback . you be not even in country . payback eat shit and die , you fuck Spanish - american ! you fuck poge ! I be there , man . I be in the shit with the grunt . joker ( John Wayne voice ) do not listen to any of payback 's bullshit , rafterman . sometimes he think he 's John Wayne . payback you listen to joker , new guy . he know it it . very little . you know he 's never be in the shit , ' cause he be not get the stare . rafterman the stare ? payback the thousand - yard stare . a marine get it after he 's be in the shit for too long . it 's like . it 's like you have really see beyond . I get it . all field marine get it . and you will have it too . rafterman I will ? stork hey , payback . how do you stop five black dude from raping a white chick ? payback fuck you , stork . stork throw them a basketball . laughter . they be startle by the dull boom of mortar shell outside . ; dave incoming . payback oh , shit ! chili they be outgo . dave that be not outgo ! some closer explosion , much louder . chili that be not outgo ! dave now what I just say ? the man grab they helmet , flak jacket and weapon and run outside . rafterman joker , be this for real ? joker yes , it be , rafterman . 57 ext . da nang base -- night Men run everywhere . siren . a mortar round land in the distance , then other nearer . fire be break out . 58 int . bunker --night joker load a m - 60 machine gun , then hunch down watch the main gate of the perimeter . joker hey , I hope they be just fuck with we . I be not ready for this shit . stork amen . the sound ofa truck approach . the marine get set . the truch smashes though the gate . the marine open fire . the truck be hit by a hail of automatic fire ; it explode and start burn . n.v.a. troops follow the truck through the gate . the attacker be cut down by a wither fire from the marine . the attack peter out . people yell , " cease fire . " the fire trail off : dissolve to : 59 ext . da nang base - - dawn joker and rafterman walk through the wreckage of the night 's battle . prisoner be lead past . lockhart ( voice over ) the enemy have very deceitfully take advantage of the Tet ceasefire to launch a offensive all over the country . so far , we have have it pretty easy here . but we seem to be the exception . 60 int . sea - TIGER office - - dawn dirty and still in . they combat gear , joker , rafterman , payback and the other correspondent be slump in , they chair around the table . lockhart ( walk ) Charlie have hit every major military target in Vietnam , and hit them hard . in saigon , the United States embassy have be overrun by suicide squad . khe sahn be stand by to be overrun . we also have report that a divi - sion of n.v.a. have occupy all of the city of Hue south of the perfume River . in strate - gic term , Charlie 's cut the country in half ... the civilian press be about to wet they pants and we have hear even cronkite 's go to say the war be now unwinnable . in other word , it 's a huge shit sandwich , and we be all gonna have to take a bite . Long , serious pause . joker Sir ... do this mean that Ann -margret 's not come ? laughter . lockhart ( piss off ) joker .... I want you to get straight up to phu bai . Captain January will need all he people . joker yes , sir . lockhart and joker , you will take off that damn button . how 's it gonna look if you get kill wear a peace symbol ? rafterman sir? permission to go with joker ? lockhart permission grant . rafterman thank you , sir . joker Sir , permission not to take rafterman with I ? lockhart you still here ? vanish , joker , most ricky - tick , and take rafterman with you . you be responsible for he . 61 ext . helicopter shot - - dawn a military helicopter fly past a huge sun . 62 int . aerial helicopter - - dusk joker sit look out the door . rafterman be frighten and airsick . the doorgunner laugh and yell as he fire he m - 60 machine gun . we see vietnamese below run and fall . doorgunner get some ... get some ... get some ... get some yeah ... yeah ... get some ... get some . after a while the doorgunner stop fire and grin at joker . doorgunner ( shouting to be hear ) anyone who run be a v.c . anyone who stand still be a well - discipline v.cc. ( laugh ) you guy oughtta do a story about I sometime . joker why should we do a story about you ? doorgunner " Cause I be so fuck good ! that be not no shit neither . I have do get I one hundred and fifty - seven dead gook kill . and fifty water buffaloe , too . they be all certified . rafterman gag . joker any woman or child ? doorgunner sometimes . joker how can you shoot woman and child ? rafterman gag . doorgunner easy . you just do not lead them so much . ( laugh ) ai not war hell ? dissolve to : 63 ext . lz hue --day the helicopter land . joker and rafterman jump out , duck down low and move away through pink smoke blow by the rotor blade . Marines run by carry wounded on stretcher . joker ( toa sergeant ) top , we want to get in the shit . master sergeant down the road , two - five . joker two-five . outstanding ! thanks , top. dissolve to : 64 ext . road to hue -- day a road next to a small canal on the outskirt of Hue . tank , truck and marine be move into the city past a column of refugee head the other way . joker and rafterman catch up to a Lieutenant , salute he and walk alongside . joker Excuse I ! Sir ... we be look for first platoon , Hotel two -five . I get a bro name cowboy there . touchdown you people one - one ? joker no , sir . we be reporter for star and stripe . touchdown star and stripe . joker yes , sir . touchdown I be cowboy 's platoon commander . cowboy 's just down the road in the platoon area . joker oh . you mind if we tag along , sir ? touchdown no problem . welcome aboard . by the way , my name 's schinoski . walter J. schinoski . my people call I mister touchdown . I play a little ball for Notre Dame . joker Notre Dame ? touchdown ( laugh ) yeah . joker all right ! touchdown you here to make cowboy famous ? joker ha ! never happen , sir . touchdown well , if you people come look for a story , this be you lucky day . we get condition Red and we be definitely expect rain . joker outstanding , sir . we take care of business ? touchdown well , the n.v.a. be dig in deep . Hotel company 's still work this side of the river . Street by street and house by house . Charlie 's definitely get he shit together . but we be still get some really decent kill here . joker we hear some scuttlebutt , sir , about the n.v.a. execute a lot of gook civilian . touchdown that 's affirmative . I see some body about half a klick this side of phu cam Canal . joker can you show I where , sir ? touchdown here 's the canal ... 65 ext . Mass grave - - day joker stand look down into a large open grave at a row of white , lime - cover corpse . journalist , marine and civilian be group around the grave . a work detail lean on they shovel , they face cover with bandanas against the stench . joker ( voice over ) the dead have be cover with lime . the dead only know one thing . it be better to be alive . joker approach a young lieutenant -- cleve . joker Excuse I . good morning , Lieutenant . lt . cleve good morning . joker I make it twenty . be that the official body count , sir ? lo. cleve ( sharply ) what outfit be you man with ? joker Sir , we be reporter from star and stripe . lo. cleve ( warm up ) oh , I see . joker I be sergeant joker and this photographer 's rafterman . rafterman start shoot picture of the Lieutenant . lt . cleve I be Lieutenant cleve . I be from hartford , Connecticut . joker have you get a body count , sir ? lt . cleve we think it 's twenty . joker do you know how it happen , sir ? lt . cleve well , it seem the n.v.a. come in with a list of gook name . government official , policeman , ARVN officer , schoolteacher . they go around they house real polite and ask they to report the next day for political re-education . everybody who turn up get shot . some they bury alive . a marine colonel who have be watch joker turn from the group arourzd the grave and stride up . joker snap to attention . colonel Marine ! lt . cleve Colonel . colonel Marine , what be that button on you body armor ? joker a peace symbol , sir . colonel where would you get it ? joker I do not remember , sir . colonel what be that you have get write on you helmet ? joker " bear to kill , " sir . colonel you write " bear to kill " on you helmet and you wear a peace button . what 's that suppose to be , some kind of sick joke ?! joker no , sir . colonel you would better get you head and you ass wire together , or I will take a giant shit on you ! joker yes , sir . colonel now answer my question or you will be stand tall before the man . joker I think I be try to suggest something about the duality of man , sir . colonel the what ? joker the duality of man . the jungian thing , sir . colonel whose side be you on , son ? joker we side , sir . colonel do not you love you country ? joker yes , sir . colonel then how about get with the program ? why do not you jump on the team and come on in for the big win ? joker yes , sir ! colonel Son , all I have ever ask of my marine be that they obey my order as they would the word of God . we be here to help the vietnamese , because inside every gook there be a american try to get out . it 's a hardball world , son . we have gotta keep we head until this peace craze blow over . joker aye-aye , sir . dissolve to : 66 ext . field - - day joker and rafterman walk through a field toward a pagoda . 67 ext . pagoda - - day Marines be move supplies . some man be rest - ing on the ground . a helicopter fly overhead . Music : Sam the sham 's " wooly bully . " joker hey , bro , we be look for first platoon , Hotel two -five . marine around the back . joker and rafterman lualk to the back of the building . joker ( to another marine ) first platoon ? marine yeah , through there . 68 int . pagoda courtyard - - day through a moon - door open on to the pagoda courtyard , we see cowboy shaue . other marine be sprawle around the courtyard wall . joker walk up behind cowboy . joker hey , Lone Ranger . cowboy Holy shit ! joker you old motherfucker . cowboy it 's the joker . joker what 's happenin ' ? they hug each other . cowboy Boy , I hope I would never see you again , you piece of shit ! joker ( laugh ) what 's happen , man ? cowboy oh , I be just wait to get back to the land of the big px . joker yeah ? well , why go back ? here or there , samey - same . cowboy be get any ? joker only you sister . cowboy well , better my sister than my mom , though my mom 's not bad . cowboy lead joker to the center of the courtyard . cowboy this be my bro joker from the Island . and this be ... joker rafterman . cowboy ... rafterman . they be from star and stripe . they will make you famous . adlib of " all right ! " cowboy we be the lusthog squad . we be life - taker and heartbreaker . adlib . cowboy we shoot ‘em full of hole and fill them full of lead . adlib of " yeah ! " etc . a big grunt , animal mother , approach joker . trouble . animal mother be you a photographer ? joker no ... I be a combat correspondent . animal mother ( smile ) oh , you see much combat ? joker return the smile . joker well , I have see a little on tv . the other marine laugh . animal mother you be a real comedian . some more laugh . joker ( pause ) well , they call I the joker . adlib . " qooo0000000 ! " and laughter . animal mother ( move closer ) well , I get a joke for you . I be gonna tear you a new asshole . adlib , laughter . joker ( John . Wayne voice ) well , pilgrim ... only after you ... eat the peanut out of my shit ! loud laugh and shout . animal mother ( move in close ) you talk the talk . do you walk the walk ? anticipatory adlib of " ooooh ! " and " whoooa ! " eightball , a black grunt , get up and step between joker and animal mother . eightball ( to joker ) now you might not believe it but under fire Animal mother be one of the finest human being in the world . laughter . eightball all he need be somebody to throw hand grenade at he the rest of he life . laughter . eightball lead animal mother away . cowboy ( laugh ) come on , sit down . come on , new guy . eightball and animal mother sit down together . animal mother hey , jungle bunny . thank God for the sickle cell , huh ? eightball yeah , mother . crazy earl sit on the ground next toa figure sprawle in a chair . crazy earl hey ... photographer ! you want to take a good picture ? here , man ... take this . this be my bro . crazy earl lift the hat which have be , cover the man 's face . we see he be a dead n.v.a. soldier . laughter . crazy earl this be he party . he 's the guest of honor . today ... be he birthday . adlib : " happy birthday , zipperhead ! " etc . crazy earl I will never forget this day . the day I come to Hue City and fight one million n.v.a . gook . I love the little commie bastard , man , I really do . this enemy grunt be as hard as slant - eye drill instructor . this be great day we be live , bros ! 'w we be jolly green giant , walk the earth with gun . this people we waste here today ... be the finest human being we will ever know . after we rotate back to the world , we be gonna miss not have anyone around that 's worth shoot . 69 ext . a field , outskirt hue CITY --day cowboy 's platoon , advance towards the city ina sweep formation behind tank . cut of the squad , nervous and alert . mortar round explode ahead . lieutenant touchdown be hit and go down . the platoon dive for cover . doc jay crawl to he and start mouth - to-mouth . sergeant murphy crawl up , have a look , move to the back of the tank and pick up a field radio . the platoon stay flat . murphy Delta six actual , this be Murphy . over. Delta six actual , this be Murphy . over . delta six ( 0.s. ) Delta six . murphy Delta six , we be receive income fire from the ville . the Lieutenant be down . we be go to stop here and check out what 's in front of we . over . crazy earl , keep low , scramble up to the lusthog squad . crazy earl okay . lusthog squad , listen up ! we be gonna move up this two road here and check the ville . I want the third team up this road here . first and second fire team behind I up this other road , okay ? adlib of " right ! " and " okay ! " crazy earl let 's go ! let 's get it do ! bend low the squad move out past the tank , leapfrogge toward some ruin building a couple of hundred yard in front of they . hand job peer cautiously around the corner of a house and be kill instantly by a burst of automatic fire . animal mother open fire with he m - 60 machine gun at some window where the shot come from . everyone open fire , blast chunks out of the building with a zillion round . t.h.e. rock fire a m-79 grenade , blow out a window . rafterman photograph the action , he Nikon violently shaking . the fire slacken . then it get quiet . all they sense alert , everyone watch the building , listen hard . they reload . as crazy earl reload he spot six v.c. dash across the street fifty yard away . they be out of sight in a second . have miss he first chance , crazy earl get set hope for another . two more v.c. rush out into the open . he fire a long burst from he m - 16 and they both go down . crazy earl turn to the squad with a big grin . Music : " surfin ' Bird " by the trashmen . this car - ry over through the next scene . 70 ext . low wall --day the platoon be hunch down behind a low wall . tank fire at some distant building . a three - man tv crew , ducking low , move past they , filming . joker ( John Wayne voice ) be that you , John Wayne ? be this I ? cowboy hey , start the camera . this be " vietnam - - the Movie ! " eightball yeah , joker can be John Wayne . I will be a horse ! donlon t.h.e . rock can be a rock ! t.h.e . rock I will be ann-margret ! doc jay Animal mother can be a rabid buffalo ! crazy earl . I will be General custer ! rafterman well , who will be the Indians ? animal mother hey , we will let the gook play the Indians ! laughter . 71 ext . hue CITY ruins --day the body of lieutenant touchdown and hand job laid out on ground sheet . the lusthog squad be gather around they . the camera move to each man , pause for they to speak . t.h.e. rock you be go home now . camera move . crazy earl semper fi . camera move . donlon we be mean marine , sir . camera move . eightball go easy , bros . camera move . animal mother better you than I . rafterman well , at least they die for a good cause . animal mother what cause be that ? rafterman freedom . animal mother flush out you head gear , new guy . you think we waste gook for freedom ? this be a slaughter . if I be gonna get my ball blow off for a word ... my word be " poontang . " cowboy tough break for Hand job . he be all set to get ship out ona medical . joker what be the matter with he ? cowboy he be jerkin ' off ten time a day . eightball it 's no shit . at least ten time a day . cowboy last week he be send down to Da Nang to see the navy head shrinker , and the crazy fucker start jerk off in the wait room . instant section eight . he be just wait for he papers to clear division . 72 ext . hue CITY -- various place - - day the television crew interview member of the lusthog squad . reporter you ready ? cameraman yeah . reporter turnover . cameraman Rolling . reporter Hue City interview . Roll thirty - four . animal mother well ... like , like you see , you know , it 's a major city , so we have to assault with , uh tank . so , they send we in first squad to make sure that there be no little vietnamese wait with , like , B - 40 rocket that blow the tank away . so we clear it out and we roll the tank in and ... basically , blow the place to hell . ( chuckle ) cowboy when we be in Hue ... when we be in Hue City it 's like a war . you know like what I think about a war , what I think a war be , be suppose to be . there 's the enemy , kill ‘em . rafterman well , I do not think there 's any question about it . I mean we be the best . I mean all that bullshit about the Air cav ... when the shit really hit the fan , who do they call ? they call mother Green and she kill machine ! crazy earl do I think America belong in Vietnam ? um I do not know . I belong in Vietnam . I will tell you that . doc jay can I quote l.b.j .? reporter sure . doc jay ( imitate l.b.j . ) " I will not send american boy eight or ten thousand mile around the world to do a job that asian boy oughtta be doin ' for themselves . " eightball personally , I think , uh ... they do not really want to be involved in this war . I mean they sort of take away we freedom and give it to the , to the gooker , you know . but they do not want it . they would rather be alive than free , I guess . poor dumb bastard . cowboy well , the one I be I be fight at be some pretty bad boy . I be not real keen on some of this fellow that be . . . suppose to be on we side . I keep meeting them come the other way . yeah . donlon I mean , we be get kill for this people and they do not even appreciate it . they think it 's a big joke . animal mother well , if you ask I , uh , we be shoot the wrong gook . rafterman well , it depend on the situation . I mean , I be - - I be here to take combat photo . but if the shit get too thick , I mean , I will go to the rifle . animal mother what do I think about America 's involvement in the war ? well , I think we should win . cowboy I hate Vietnam . there 's not one horse in this whole country . they do not have one horse in Vietnam . there 's something basically wrong with that . ( laugh ) animal mother well , if they would send we more guy and maybe bomb the hell out of the North , they might , uh they might give up . joker I want to see exotic Vietnam , the jewel of Southeast Asia . I want to meet interesting and stimulate people of a ancient culture and ... kill they . I want to be the first kid on my block to get a confirm kill . 73 ext . wrecked movie theater - - day the marine be seat outside the theater on row of break movie seat . a motor-scooter , drive by a young ARVN soldier with a pretty teenage vietnamese hooker sit behind he , and pull up in front of the lusthog squad . the girl get off slowly , swinging she hip as she walk . adlib , hoot anal holler . cowboy ten-hut ! more hoot and holler . cowboy good morning , little schoolgirl . I be a little schoolboy , too . adlib and laughter . cowboy what you get there , chief ! the girl stand face they , hand on hip . ARVN pimp . do you want number one fuckee ? adlib and laughter . cowboy hey , any of you boy want number one fuckee ? adlib . joker oh , I be so horny . I can not even get a piece of hand . donlon hey ! hey ! I want suckee . ARVN pimp . suckee , fuckee , smoke cigarette in the pussy , she give you everything you want . Long time . laughter . cowboy everything you want ! all right ! how much there , chief ! ARVN pimp . Fifteen dolla each . adlib : " nooooooo ! " cowboy number ten . Fifteen dolla beaucoup money . laughter . cowboy five dolla each . ARVN pimp . come on . she love you good . boom - boom long time . ten dolla . cowboy five dolla . ARVN pimp . no . ten dolla . cowboy be glad to trade you some ARVN rifle . never be fire and only drop once . laughter and derisive adlib . ARVN pimp . ( angry ) okay , five dolla . you give I . adlib . cowboy okay , okay ! eightball , a black grunt , walk up to the girl . eightball let 's get mount . hooker ( speak in vietnamese ) ARVN pimp . ( argue in vietnamese ) eightball something wrong there , chief ? ARVN pimp . she say , uh , no boom - boom with soul brotha . eightball hey , what the mother fuck ? ARVN pimp . she say soul brotha too boo-coo . too boo-coo . eightball hey , what be this , man ? cowboy ( breait up ) I think what he 's try to tell you be that you black boy pack too much meat . laughter . ARVN pimp . too boo-coo . too boo-coo . eightball oh , shi-i-i-t ! ( laugh ) this baby - san look like she could suck the chrome off a trailer hitch . laughter . ARVN pimp . she say too boo-coo . too boo-coo . eightball uh , excuse I , mar 'am . now what we have here , little yellow sister , be a magnificent ... ( take out he dick ) specimen of pure Alabama blacksnake . but it be not too goddamn boo-coo . the girl look at it . hoot and catcall . teenage hooker okay . okay . emjee . more hoot . cowboy ( mimick vietnamese word ) okay ! okay ! emjee ! emjee ! adlib of " emjee . " eightball start to lead she away . eightball all right ! this be my boogie ! cowboy hey , we need a bat order . animal mother grab the girl 's arm , eightball hold on to the other one . animal mother I be go first . eightball hey , now back off , white bread . do not get between a dog and he meat . animal mother slap eightball on the wrist like he 's a naughty boy and push the girl into the movie theater . animal mother ( jokingly ) all fuck nigger must fuck hang . adlib of " fuck you ! " and laughter . animal mother hey , hey ! I will not be long . I will skip the foreplay . fade in : 74 ext . hue CITY ruins - - day the lusthog squad on patrol move slowly in single file , fifteen yard apart , through the ruin , smoulder city . joker ( voiceouer ) Intelligence pass the word down that during the night the n.v.a. have pull out of we area to position across the perfume River . we squad be send on patrol to check out the report . 75 int . bombed factory --day the patrol move carefully through the gut shell of a building . the clink of they gear as they walk sound loud in the unnatural silence . crazy earl stop to pick up a child 's stuff toy . bang ! the toy triggs a booby trap , blast crazy earl across the room . the squad dive for couer . cowboy face outboard and take cover ! do it ! doc jay scurries up to crazy earl , who be unconscious and give he mouth - to- mouth resuscitation . cowboy scramble up to they . he look at crazy earl . then joker run in . doc jay ( stop for a second ) he aidt gonna make it . cowboy ( to himself ) shit . cowboy do not know , what to do . then he fumble for he field radio . cowboy Hotel one actual , this be cowboy ! doc jay continue the mouth - to-mouth . cowboy Hotel one actual , this be cowboy ! murphy ( o.s . ) Hotel one. over cowboy Murph , this be cowboy . craze be hit . booby trap . murphy ( o.s . ) Roger . understand . wait one . cowboy look around edgily . murphy ( 0.s . ) you be senior n.c.0 . you take charge and continue on with the patrol . call in at the next checkpoint . over . cowboy Roger . out. cowboy stare at the radio . he look scared . he turn to joker . cowboy I be squad leader . joker punch he reassuringly in the arm . joker I will follow you anywhere , scumbag . doc jay stop work over crazy earl and slowly look up . doc jay he 's dead . the three man stare at the body . 76 ext . burning fallen build - - day the squad move past a burn five - storey building that have collapse and be lie on its side . dissolve to : 77 ext . low concrete wall --day eightball , on point , study a map as he walk . then he slour to a stop and signal to halt the squad . the squad stop ancl crouch down in the rubble . eightball gesture for cowboy to move up . eightball ( quietly ) cowboy ! cowboy move up and they kneel behind a low concrete wall . cowboy what 's up ? eightball I think we make a mistake at the last checkpoint . he show cowboy the map . eightball here ... see what you think . I think we be here and we should be here . cowboy study the map . cowboy we be here ? eightball yeah . cowboy we should be here ? eightball yeah ... yeah ... that 's right . cowboy be confuse and scared . he check he compass . then he peer over the wall through he binocular . cowboy look back nervously at the squacl strung out behind he . cowboy fuck ... what do you think ? eightball well , I think we should change direction . eightball do not sound like he really know what to do either . cowboy know he have to make a decision . cowboy okay . we will change direction . cowboy motion to the squad to come up . they rattle up and take position behind the low wall . joker what 's up ? cowboy change direction . joker what , be we lose ? cowboy joker , shut the fuck up ! cowboy ( to squad ) okay ! listen up ! can you hear I ? adlib of " yeah ! " cowboy okay , we be change direction . we be head over that way . cowboy point over the wall to some ruin building across a open space to they Left . cowboy eightball 's gonna go out and see if he can find a way through . eightball shrug , apprehensiuely . cowboy get it ? adlib of " yeah ! " cowboy eightball ... let 's dance . eightball slowly get to he knee and peer over the wall . eightball put a nigger behind the trigger . 78 ext . ruined STREET hue - - day eightball climb over the low wall and move cautiously out into the open , head for the damage building . the squad cover he . eightball reach the building and stop to study the smoke- fill square . 79 sniper p.o.v . -- day p.o.v. from a conceal position on the second floor of a building on the square , a AK - 47 rifle be slowly raise and aim at eightball . eightball turn back to wave the rest of the squad up . bang ! the sniper fire . eightball be hit in the leg . see in slow motion , eightball twist and crumple to the ground . the lusthog squad fire blindly , wildly , at every door and window in the direction of the shot . cowboy okay , cease fire ! cease fire , goddamn it ! some of the squad keep fire . cowboy cool it , goddamn it ! cool it ! cease fire ! adlib of " cease fire ! " the fire stutter to a stop . cowboy okay , listen up ! do anybody see a sniper ? do anybody see anything ? t.h.e . rock ( down the line ) do anybody see a sniper ? doc jay no ! donlon nothing ! rafterman negative ! t.h.e. rock nothing ! adlib of " no ! " cowboy okay , then save you ammo ! nobody fire till I tell you ! see , in slow , motion , the sniper fire again and hit eightball in the arm . he scream in pain . the squad open fire at building face they . cowboy no , no ! cease fire ! cease fire ! Animal , cease fire ! keeping low , donlon come up and hand cowboy the radio . donlon cowboy , it 's sergeant Murphy . cowboy ( into radio ) this be cowboy . over . murphy ( 0.s . ) this be Murphy . what be you present position ? over . cowboy Murph , we be receive enemy sniper fire . eightball be down . we position be about half a klick north of checkpoint four . believe pos - sible strong enemy force occupy building in front of we . request immediate tank support . over . murphy ( o.s. ) Roger . understand . I will see what I can do . over . cowboy Roger . over and out . cowboy ( to donlon ) stay close . donlon get it . cowboy think hard for a few second . cowboy ( to squad ) okay , listen up ! I think we be be set up for a ambush . I think there may be strong enemy force in that building over there . I have request tank support . we be gonna sit tight until it come , but keep you eye open . if they decide to hit we , we will have to pull back fast . the sniper fire , wound eightball again , this time in the foot . he shriek in agony . again the squad open fire . cowboy goddamn it ! hold ! cease you fire , mother ! cease you fuck fire ! the fire stop . doc jay cowboy ! cowboy what ? doc jay we can not leave he out there ! cowboy we be not leave he ! we will get he when the tank come up . doc jay he 's hit three fuck time ! he can not wait that long ! cowboy I have see this before ! that sniper 's just try to suck we in one at a time ! the sniper fire and hit eightball in the thigh . his cry echo across the open space ground . animal mother fire madly . cowboy ( shouting ) goddamn it ! no ! the squad continue fire . cowboy goddamn it , cease fire ! the fire trail off : animal mother he 's out there alone ! cowboy cease fire ! the fire stop . doc jay man , fuck this , fuck this shit ! I be go out to bring he in ! cowboy no ! you stay the fuck down ! doc jay cover I ! doc jay jump over the wall and , ducking low , zig - Zag across the open ground . the squad fire to cover he . doc jay get there safely and momentarily drop out of sight . cowboy goddamn it ! goddamn it ! okay , cease fire ! he 's there ! adlib of " cease fire ! " 80 sniper p.o.v.--day doc jay , see over the sight of the sniper 's AK - 47 , drag eightball toward cover . 81 ext . the square --day the sniper fire . doc jay be hit and fall next to eightball . the squad open fire again . cowboy hold you fire ! hold you fire !!! cease fire ! you can not see the sniper ! save the ammo ! nobody fire till I tell you ! nobody ! animal mother what the fuck do we do now , cowboy ? cowboy gimme that fuck radio . donlon scuttle over with the radio . cowboy ( into radio ) Murph ? this be cowboy . over . murphy ( o.s. ) this be Murphy . over . cowboy Murph , we be in some deep shit . I get two man down . what 's the story on that fuck tank ? over . murphy ( o.s. ) sorry , cowboy . no luck so far with the tank . will advise . over . cowboy Roger . out. ( mutter to himself ) numbnut bastard ! ( to the squad ) okay , listen up ! t.h.e . rock listen up ! cowboy can not afford to wait for the tank . I think they be gonna hit we any minute . when they do we will not have time to pull out . we gotta do it now . let 's get ready to move . no one move or say anything . t.h.e. rock get ready to pull out ! animal mother wait a minute ! hold it ! hold it ! nobody 's pull out ! there 's only one fuck sniper out there ! cowboy back off , mother ! I be call the play ! I say we be pull out ! animal mother yeah , well , what about Doc jay and eightball ? cowboy I know it 's a shitty thing to do , but we can not refuse to accept the situation . animal mother yeah , well , we be not leave Doc jay and eightball out there ! cowboy Doc jay and eightball be waste ! you know that ! animal mother bullshit ! come on , you guy ! we gotta go bring them back ! let 's go get ‘em ! let 's do it ! cowboy stand down , mother ! that 's a direct order ! animal mother fuck you , cowboy ! fuck all you asshole ! animal mother jump over the wall and run scream and fire he m - 60 . the squad fire to cover he , blast chunks of mortar and concrete from the building . animal mother ( scream ) Fucking son-of -a-bitch ! you motherfucker ! aaagh ! whooo ! animal mother reach the building and drop down against a shattered wall . he call across the open street . animal mother doc! doc! Doc ! where 's the sniper ? doc jay try to speak . animal mother Doc , where 's the sniper ? barely able to move , doc jay try to point in the direction of the sniper . suddenly he and eightball be riddled by a burst of automatic fire from the sniper , killing they instantly . animal mother be eye widen in horror . animal mother ( under he breath ) shit ! animal mother get to he foot and edge forward to the corner of the building . he carefully look around the corner across the square at the black building , from where he think the shot be fire . bang ! a shot from the sniper ricochet off the wall a few inch from he head . he duck back around the corner , breathe hard . animal mother look around and carefully work he way to a safer spot behind another building . he shout to the squad . animal mother hey , cowboy ! cowboy yeah ! animal mother Doc jay and eightball be waste ! there 's only one sniper , nothing else . move up the squad ! you be clear up to here ! come on ! cowboy be not sure what to do . cowboy ( mutter ) son-of-a-bitch . the squad look to he . he take a couple of thoughtful breath and decide to go . cowboy okay , listen up ! no - doze , stutten , donlon , rock -- you come with I , we will take a look ! the rest of you stay put and cover we ass ! we may be come back in a big hurry ! joker I be go with you . rafterman I be come , too . cowboy okay . ( to the other ) you all set ? adlib " yeah ! " cowboy let 's move out ! t.h.e . rock let 's do it ! the five man clamber over the wall and dash across the break ground to the smoulder cluster of building . when they reach animal mother he lead they to a street off the square where they duck down against a shattered building . they catch they breath and move forward to the next building , where they crouch down against the wall . animal mother ( point ) cowboy .. . top of the black building , around the corner . cowboy cautiously move to the corner of the building and study the strange- look black building which command the square . then . he duck back around the corner , more uncertain than ever what they should do . cowboy donlon ... give I that radio . cowboy move to donlon to take the radio . facing away from the black building , cowboy do not notice that from the place he have move to he can be see . by the sniper through a jag hole in the building . 83 sniper p.o.v. of cowboy the sniper 's p.o.v . -- cowboy 's upper body be just visible through the hole in the building . 84 ext . square - - dusk cowboy Murphy , this be cowboy . over ! a gunshot reverberate . in slow-motion cowboy fall . joker cowboy ! animal mother start fire he m-60 . rafterman ( shouting ) Holy shit ! the sniper 's get a clean shot through the hole in the wall . much yell , shouting and confusion as the man realize where the shot come from . joker ( shouting ) get he ! get he the fuck outta here !! cowboy be carry behind the building . all talk at once . joker easy ! easy ! donlon get he on he back . adlib . cowboy ( weakly ) oh , I do not believe this shit . adlib , fumble for bandage , etc . joker shut up ! you will be all right , cowboy . t.h.e. rock take it easy , cowboy . four pair of hand do thing . cowboy ( moan ) uhhh , that son-of - a-bitch ! joker you be gonna be all right . t.h.e . rock you be go home , man . you be go home . donlon easy , man . easy . easy . cowboy ohhhh , do not shit I , joker ! do not shit I ! joker I would not shit you , man . you be my favorite turd . cowboy begin to lose consciousness . joker cowboy ... donlon hang on , man . hang on ! cowboy ( cough ) I I can hack it . t.h.e . rock you can hack it . cowboy I can . i- I ... cowboy spit up some blood and die in joker 's arm . joker bend down and hug cowboy . nobody move . then , one by one , they slowly get to they foot . joker be the last to get up . they stand look at the body . animal mother leave two man to continue fire at the sniper , and he scuttle around the corner to the group around cowboy 's body . he look at cowboy and then at joker . animal mother let 's go get some payback . joker look up slowly . joker ( in cold anger ) okay . animal mother lead then down a narrow street . they stop to take cover behind a building just off the square . they have to cross the open . square , ruhich would give the sniper a clear shot at they . animal mother they give some smoke . he and joker toss three smoke grenade into the square . they explode ruith a dull bang . they wait while the square slowly fill with smoke . animal mother wave and they run out blindly through the thick smoke to the other side of the square . 85 int . black build they work they way into the shattered , burn building , past twisted steel girder and huge break chunks of concrete . they come to a place where they have to split up . animal mother point one way . animal mother donlon , rock -- that way . you two with I . donlon and t.h.e. rock move off as order . joker and rafterman follow animal mother the other way . they come to another place where they have to choose which way to go . animal mother ( point ) joker , in there ! New guy with I . joker cautiously enter one door . animal mother and rafterman disappear through the other . 86 int . wrecked and burning lobby - - day joker find himself in what be the lobby of the building , a large room , which be on fire , with shattered column , oriental arch , and window with large decorative grillwork . joker inch slowly into the room . he hear a noise , duck behind a column and peer around it . he see a small , b lack - clad figure stand at a window - the sniper . he raise he rifle , aim and squeeze the trigger . a loud click . in slow motion the sniper turn to face joker . we see the startle face of a beautiful vietnamese girl of about fifteen . in slow motion joker frantically work the bolt of he m - 16 . with the hard eye of a grunt , the sniper fire she AK - 47 rifle . in slow motion joker duck behind the column , desperately try to unjam he m - 16 rifle . in , slow motion the sniper fire and run down a few step to get a better shot at joker . the bullet from she AK - 47 tear large chunks of masonry from the column shield he . suddenly the sniper 's body seem to explode as she be hit by a burst of automatic fire . rafterman have come up and fire he m - 16 into the girl 's body . joker stand tremble against the shattered column . rafterman snap another m - 16 magazine into place , gesture joker to stay put , and move forward like supergrunt to check out the rest of the room . it 's clear . he move to the window , and shout to the two man in the square . rafterman we get the sniper ! the sniper lie on the floor , writhe in pain . joker and rafterman cautiously approach she . rafterman kick away she AK - 47 . the two man stare at she in disbelief : the sniper be a child , no more than fifteen year old , a slender eurasian . angel with dark beautiful eye . they be startle by a faint sound . they dive for cover . they listen . animal mother call from behind cover at the other end of the room . animal mother joker ? joker yo . animal mother what 's up ? joker we get the sniper . rafterman and joker circle around the sniper as donlon and t.h.e. rock and animal mother walk up . rafterman I save joker 's ass . I get the sniper . I fuck blow she away . rafterman laugh hysterically , and kiss he rifle . rafterman be I bad ? be I a life-taker ? be I a heart - breaker ? no one pay any attention to rafterman . the sniper gasp , whimper . donlon stare at she . donlon what 's she say ? joker ( after a pause ) she 's praying . t.h.e . rock no more boom - boom for this baby -san . there 's nothing we can do for she . she 's dead meat . animal mother stare down at the sniper . animal mother okay . let 's get the fuck outta here . joker what about she ? animal mother fuck she . let she rot . the sniper pray in vietnanese . joker we can not just leave she here . animal mother hey , asshole cowboy 's waste . you be fresh out of friend . I be run this squad now and I say we leave the gook for the mother - lovin ' rat . joker stare at animal mother . joker I be not try to run this squad . I be just say we can not leave she like this . animal mother look down at the sniper . sniper ( whimper ) sh ... sh- shoot . . . I . shoot . . . I . animal mother look at joker . animal mother if you want to waste she , go on , waste she . joker look at the sniper . the four man look at joker . sniper ( gasp ) shoot I ... shoot . . . I . joker slowly lift he pistol and look into she eye . sniper shoot . . . I . joker jerk the trigger . bang ! the four man be silent . joker stare down at the dead girl . rafterman ( laugh ) joker ... we be gonna have to put you up for the congressional Medal of ... Ugly ! ( laugh ) joker look at rafterman , blankly . donlon hard core , man . Fucking hard core . 87 ext . burning CITY -- night . the platoon move through the city , silhouett against the raging fire . a scene in , hell . joker ( narration ) we have nail we name in the page of history enough for today . we hump down to the perfume River to set in for the night . the marine start to sing . marine platoon who 's the leader of the club that 's make for you and I ? m-i-c-k-e-y m-o-u-s-e . hey there . hi there . Ho there . you be as welcome as can be . m-i-c-k-e-y m-o-u-s-e. mickey mouse . ( mickey mouse . ) mickey mouse . ( mickey mouse . ) forever let we hold we banner high . High . High . High . come along and sing a song and join the jamboree . m-i-c-k-e-y m-o-u-s-e. here we go a-march and a-shout merrily . m-i-c-k-e-y m-o-u-s-e. we play fair and we work hard and we be in harmony . m-i-c -k-e - y m-o-u-s-e. mickey mouse . ( mickey mouse . ) mickey mouse . ( mickey mouse . ) forever let we hold we banner high . High . High . High . boy and girl from far and near you be as welcome as can be . m-i-c-k-e-y m-o-u-s-e . who 's the leader of the club that 's make for you and I ? m-i-c-k-e-y m-o-u-s-e . who be march coast to coast and far across the sea ? m-i-c-k-e-y m-o-u-s-e . mickey mouse . ( mickey mouse . ) mickey mouse . ( mickey mouse . ) forever let we hold he banner high . High . High . High . come along and sing a song and join the family . m-i-c -k-e - y m-o-u-s-e . joker ( voiceover ) my thought drift back to erect nipple wet dream about Mary Jane rottencrotch and the great homecome fuck fantasy . I be so happy that I be alive , in one piece and short . I be in a world of shit . . . yes . but I be alive . and I be not afraid . marine platoon ( sing ) come along and sing this song and join we family . m-i-c-k-e-y - m-o-u-s-e the marine march off into the distance . marine platoon ( sing ) who 's the leader of the club that 's make for you and I ? m-i-c-k-e-y m-o-u-s-e hey there ! hi there ! Ho there ! you be as welcome as can be . mickey mouse the sound fade aulay as the scene fade to black .