dick and jane by mordecai richler december 2 , 1975 | " dick and jane " fade in : closeup of a fade school book lie close on a old - fashioned wooden teach lectern . we be angle down so all we can see be a piece of the meec rese and the title of the book ( also the title of we movie ) ... " dick and jane " the book miraculously open by itself and , as a nostalgic version of " school day " plays over , the page quickly unfold the back story of Dick and Jane and the name and title of the people who make this movie . the whole style of the open should be a kind of kiddy - version of that " Book opening ' ' to old mgm movie . like this ... music and title continue . we blow open to the first page where the story begin . this page be label , " dick " at the bottom and the picture on the page be of a young boy of about ten sit under a tree read " ivanhoe . " in the background be a large , comfortable house . ( note : all the picture in the book be in that romanticize and naive style unique to the Dick and Jane Series . but we shall use the real childhood photo of we star , Jane fonda and George segal . ) another page turn and we see a picture of Dick 's father , a rugge but gentle , distinguished but earthy , fun but serious , neat but casual guy , stand on the front porch of the house hold a football and shouting to he son , Dick , who have . drop he book and be look eagerly at he father . beneath the picture be this word ... * " look , dick , " say dick father . . " look what I have . " another page blow open . the ball have be throw and Dick be run after it . caption ... " run , dick , run . " | | | closeup on the book another page turn and we see Dick , now in a high school football uniform and helmet , run to catch a pass . this picture be caption ... . " see dick run . " montage sequence as we see dick run through various stage of he life , year 15 through 19 . he be in constant motion ; run to class , deliver newspaper , run for class office , run in every know . sport activity , run with he friend after a group of giggle girl . beneath all this be the caption ... " run , dick ; run . run , run , run . " . dissolve to : closeup of the book as another page blow open and we see a picture of a darling little girl in pigtail sit on she pretty bed . outside she window stand a magnolia tree complete with a chirp robin . | the girl be read " ivanhoe . " this picture be abele ... " jane " a page turn and the next picture be of Jane 's mother come in the room with a big wrap present as Jane 's eye light up . Jane 's mother be a even more wholesome - look person than Dick 's father . this picture be caption ... = " look , jane , " say jane be mother . " look what I have for you . " int . jane's bedroom - day jane open the gift she mother have give she .. it 's a play tea set . Jane 's mother begin show she how to set up the tea thing on the bed , shove the book aside . ( continued ) — - continued : jane's mother have fun , Jane . play and have fun . dissolve to : montage sequence briefly flesh out Jane 's junior high and high school year ... which seem to be one long whirl of fun . we see Jane dance with a boy , try to study in a class but succumb to the flirt of a boy behind she , jump up in a cheer - leader costume ( great leg ) , take a home - ec class , sleep at a slumber party that be suddenly attack by a group of boy , etc . under these dissolves the same legend remain constant ... " play , jane , play . play , play , play . " dissolve to : close on the book many page blow by as music and title continue . the miraculous breeze stop at a page title : " dick and jane go to college . " above this title be a idealize picture of a college ( impose and friendly ) . eager student approach this citadel of learn from different path . easily discern - ible be Dick and Jane , come from different direction . more quick cut Dick 's college life . _ we see he in various class , most of they center on aerospace and related mathematical subject . in the brief snatch of non-classroom life ( play ball , try out for a play ) , he seem happier . beneath all this action : " dick work hard . dick work hard to get good grade and get a good job . " dissolve to : 10 11 12 13 quick cut - jane's college life pretty much the same as Dick , only she class be more liberal - artsy and she seem to have a much easier time of it , get good grade , help other study , but goof off really more than Dick and go out with a lot of different boy . " jane work hard . jane work hard to get good grade and get a good husband . " dissolve to : closeup of the picture book this picture show a very 1950 's collegiate Dick and Jane bump into each other backstage at a auditorium . the - caption read : " dick and jane meet . " angle on the book page blow , finally fall open on a evening scene of a beautiful lake with two big tree frame both side of the peaceful moonlit scene . a 1956 Ford be park at a perfect vista spot . this be a puzzle page and the tree be draw in such a way that it 's possible to image face in they . this picture be caption : " can you find dick and jane in this picture ? " ext , lakeside - night ( moonlight ) ++.a police car enter the scene and pull up next to the Ford . a cop shine he flashlight down into the back seat on Dick and Jane in the semi-sexual position of the 50' . a new caption appear : " the cop did . " freeze frame . picture become : storybook page flip and fall open on a very idealize and romanti - ( continued ) 5 . | continued : G cize shot of Dick and Jane as bride and groom . caption : , " dick and jane get married . | dick be very happy , jane | be very happy . " ) another page blow over and we see a draw of a kindly | | I : old doctor winking at Jane as she hand he a piece of wedding cake at the party . " jane's gynecologist be very happy . " | more page blow quickly , we see a draw of Dick in a business suit approach a large aerospace corporation , ; / " dixon aircraft . " this page be caption : . " dick get a fine job . he be call a engineer . " a page blow over and we see a draw of Jane stand in | a brand new live room with a apron on , feed a baby . " jane get a fine job . - she be call a mother . " , S more page flip to a portrait of a adorable little black 's ; and white puppy . this picture be label : , " Spot " ; 14 ext . yard - day : | +» Dick , Jane , they little baby ( in a outdoor playpen ) | and Spot laugh merrily in front of a brand new house . - | '.. Dick be roll a ball and Spot be stumbling after it as ~ | baby billy laugh happily . | | | . dick run , Spot , run . see , billy ? see Spot run ? Dick and Jane hug each other . we freeze frame on the tender tableaux . 15 storybook the page blow over to a page with a picture of just credit ( continued ) 16 17 18 19 continued : card ... bankamericard , american express , texaco , etc . the caption be : " and dick and jane live happily . ever after . " the page blow over and we see another draw of " dixon aircraft . ' " the storybook color have turn dark , the building look ominous and forbid . caption ... " until october 24th , 1975 ' " CUT to : ext . dixon aircraft parking lot long shot day as a lincoln pull in , we can not help notice the vast gap between car , the lot somewhat less than half - fill . closer shot Dick harper , young , attractive , assure , carry a soft leather attache case , emerge from car , stride toward ' building . suddenly , he stop short . Pov dick in that space , where " reserved " place be mark for executive , he see a mexican worker lazily painting out a name . Fresh white paint already obliterate two other name . the mexican worker 's name , incidently , be raoul . '' int . dixon aircraft - day some 50 work desk , but only 15 to 20 function , the other unattend , at function desk , black girl deck out in white surgical costume , large magnify glass before they , be work on tiny transistor . as Dick and Roger , another v.p. , pass , en route.to elevator . dick Christ , the body count be get heavy around here . 20 21 : 22 another angle continued : : 7 . roger : half of accounting be wipe out this morning . structural design be take heavy casualty . as they reach the elevator door , and it open , drunken sing be hear from within . dick - Bob ... oh , God ... another angle revealing Bob , clearly drunk , emerge from elevator , be support by yet another v.p. , marty . bob good luck . I have just be ask to cut back my division by forty per cent . I feel like the grim reaper . : marty - we.all feel the same 's way , but what be you go to do ? after the last quarter -- bob ( interrupt ) the company 's on its ass . the whole aerospace industry be on its ass . Son of a bitch . I need another drink . as ghey wander off and elevator door shut on a perturb dic int . dixon outer office of charle sanford Secretary sadly look up as Dick stride past , into office of gharlie sanford , corporate vice - President of dixon air- craft . 1 int . sanford' office day Dick come in to discover sanford sit on a leather couch with he coat off , he foot propped up on coffee table , a drink in hand . Charlie be a big athletic look man , fifty , with a lot of silver hair . his wall be line with frame sign photograph of astronaut , military brass , cabinet minister . : continued : 8. sanford Dick ... sit down and pour yourself a drink . dick thanks , Charlie . Dick pour himself a drink . sanford this business stink . you know that ? _ dick well ... charlie to know the feel that you have be a part of the team that tie the lace on the shoe that take that giant step for mankind . you do not get that from building a goddamn missile . it stink . it use to be the most exciting business in the world , and now it stink on ice . dick it 's be a rough year . charlie it stink . dick I guess it do stink . charlie it stink on ice , ~ dick on ice , right . | charlie what 's all this crap ? he 's refer to Dick 's stack of papers , chart , etc . continued : 9. dick it 's my plan to re-organize my department . I figure ... charlie ( interrupt ) one small step . one giant step for mankind ... dick oh I would not say that . but it 's not a bad plan , I ---- charlie you know who make that step possible ? we do . you and I - and Bob kane and marty field . we put Neil and what -his -name on the fuck moon and then they give we the shaft . it stink . dick on ice . charlie goddamn right it do . Charlie finish he drink , pour himself another . charlie how 's you drink ? '' dick Fine , charlie . well ... what do you say we talk , turkey ? in response , Dick begin to arrange he papers in front of he . dick - I have try to think of cut back in term of cost rather than ... charlie Dick ... '' '' ( pause ) continued : . 1o. dick Charlie ...? charlie Dick , I have always feel you be a guy I do not have to bullshit . dick , I be glad to hear that . charlie : in this job you have to bullshit a lot of guy , give them the old stroke ... you know ... but I have always feel I could level with you . you know what I mean ? dick sure . charlie can I level with you ? dick _ sure. charlie I mean really level ? dick .. , @harlie , you can tell I anything . charlie you be fire . Charlie break up . Dick laugh too , uneasily . charlie I never once say it straight out like that . dick ( laugh ) . practice make perfect . but Charlie be suddenly depressed . continued : . . . 11 . charlie no , I should not have do that . it 's just that I be sick of all the bullshit . I be sorry . I should not have ... dick wait a minute ... you be serious ? charlie ( hurt ) would I kid a pal ? dick no joke , Charlie . you be really fire I ? Charlie try to salvage a little of he corporate manner . charlie I do not have to tell you . this have be a rough year for we ... dick but I have not do a bad job . '' charlie you have do a helluva job . do not let anybody tell you different . shit , you know how I feel about you and Jane . ' dick . then why I ? why not marty or Bob ? my division 's out - perform both of theirs . charlie ( vague ) seniority ... I think that 's what it be alee vore yyseniority . I be sure that 's what it be . yeah ... * , ~ dick I can not believe it . the high point of Charlie 's drunk have fade and now he be verge on the nod . charlie listen , Dick , do you mind if we do not go into all this crap now ? frankly , I 'ma little looped and ... I have get blood on my hand ... a lot of blood ... . cunningly , he now feign sleep . Dick just stand there for a moment , glaring at he , uncertain . finally , he gather he papers and leave . | 23 , int . outer office / : 12 . cosy Dick emerge into secretary 's office . he pay no attention , } until she stop he . ° eleanor . Mr. harper ... I just want to say that I be very sorry you be leave we . . dick thank you . eleanor do Mr. sanford tell you about the car ? ) dick ) what car ? . eleanor the company car you have be use . you can retain the use of it for two week . dick be not that thoughtful ? eleanor ( obsequious smile ) and we will continue to pay you membership in the country club until the end of the quarter , but we must have you company credit card now , please . a beat ; even as she hold out she hand . dick damn it , they be in my other suit . I will bring they round tomorrow . . then , as he turn to go , she lapse automatically into .- cheery californese . eleanor oh , and have a nice day . 24 ext . dixon aircraft parking lot day Dick , pull out angrily , all but stripping the gear of he lincoln . 25 int . ( moving ) car ( > driving , mutter to himself . | 26 27 . 28. 13 . Pov dick holiday Inn by roadside , another angle favoring holiday inn marquee , which read : '' happy birthday wanda wud U believe ( sic ) twenty - nine ? " as Dick pull into lot , get out of he car , start toward Inn . . int . holiday inn bar - day Dark , gloomy . maybe eight or nine man and woman drink morosely at table . the bartender , a big , bronze indian , long greasy black hair , headband , be cope with a drunken salesman as Dick sit down at the bar , . drunk ( to bartender ) screw that . you just tell I where it say in the Bible -- and I want chapter and verse , man -- that the Indians be entitle to land claim settlement ? dick . a J & B on the rock , please . make it a double . drunk do you boy invent the electric light ? or the jet engine ? shit ; you still have not discover the fuck wheel when we land here . dick : wait . when Dick harper drink , everybody drink , the bartender remain impassive . drunk no shit ? ( continued ) '' 29 . 30 . 31 . 32 , continued : . 14. dick ( with a sweeping gesture ) drink on the house . another angle bartender take order , fill glass . another angle everybody raisingafull glass to they benefactor , big Dick harper , which he graciously acknowledge , raise he own glass . another angle bartender slap down bill , which Dick promptly cover with he company credit card . : : another angle we pan with bartender as he go to phone , dial , read out - eredit card number , repeat it , nod , hang up , return to confront a still beam munificent Dick . bartender it 's no good , oo , dick - what ! tss bartender . you credit 's be cancel , dick that son of bitch . bartender that will be twenty - eight sixty . dick twenty - eight sixty ! drunk hey , ask he to throw Manhattan Island in with the deal , ( continued ) > 33. 34 , 35 . 36 . 37 . 38 . continued : . 15 . as he explode with laughter at he own foul joke , Dick , seethe , dig into he pocket for the cash . ext , holiday inn parking lot indignant Dick stride toward he lincoln , another angle -- parking lot edging out , Dick reverse , inadvertently run into parking lot concrete bumper guard , int . car cu dick suddenly , a evil smile . - another angle . -- parking lot SOUND : grind gear , shatter glass , as a car be be pound against concrete 0.s. . we see a stunne old man ... a lady in curler , , .two small boy ... watch something ... utterly baffle . another angle Dick finally pull out , he big smile manic , wave at he small audience , from he batter lincoln , as he pull triumphantly into traffic . curt to : ext . harper house - day fairly new , fairly large , Mediterranean style house . pandemonium in garden , however , excavator excavate , concrete be mix , tile be move , plant be embed +.+. 1l year old billy harper , other kid , play football through the confusion and racket ... and oversee all this ( continued ) 39 . 40 . continued : 16. activity , the big , muscular , barechest mr. goldoni . hanging from goldoni 's bull - neck , a pendant with a astrological sign ( Aquarius ) , as well as a whistle on a chain . ... as Dick pull up in he freshly batter lincoln and walk across the lawn , through din , he be confront by . the menace goldoni . goldoni Mr. harper ! Dick ignore he . goldont ( block he path ) oh , Mr. harper , dick ( shouting to make himself hear ) what be it ? : . goldoni congratulation . you second payment on the pool be due today . ( even as he thrust a statement at he ) a check would be most convenient . reverse angle int , kitchen from the window , esperanza , the may , see the two man ' shouting , gesticulate . wiping she hand on a towel . esperanza = ( call urgently ) senora harper ! senora harper ! ext . garden Dick and goldoni goldoni but you wife say --- ~ N as Jane , on the trot , come within earshot . ( continued ) 4il 42 . 43. 44 continued : 17 . dick ( shouting back ) I do not give a shit what my wife say , another angle jane ( aghast ) oh , Dick ... dick ( shouting ) I have just be fire , cu jane startle another angle goldoni reach for he whistle and blow on it shrilly ... once , twice ... panning over the wreck of the garden as everything come to a abrupt halt : the cement mixer , the tile - layer , the excavator , everything . a sudden menace silence enhance by goldoni 's big intimidating presence . goldoni what do you say ? ; as dick ( to Jane ) hee tell he what you say , : goldoni no. you . ' Jane be the first to recover , jane he say he be tired , goldoni . shake he head , he grin , admire she cool , but he be not to be con , N goldoni Mr , harper you be can today . dick yeah . ( continued ) _ continued : ; 18 . as billy come run up . billy hey , dad , what do you do to you car ? dick not now , billy . a dry tense pause , as Dick brace himself , fist clench , and goldoni , all belligerence , reflect suddenly , without warning , drive a finger into a terrify Dick . goldoni what 's you sign ? Pov dick the aquarian sign goldoni wear . dick ( chance it ) Aquarius . goldoni oh , you poor prick , I know it . he walk away , hold he head , lip purse , and return , despair . ' goldoni as of yesterday , we third House be empty . Dick whistle in amazement . goldont it 's a real ball - crusher , Jupiter have just enter we seventh House and --- oh , shit , you might as well know --- Mars be in direct juxtaposition to saturn . jane oh , my God , no . as goldoni curse he luck --- Dick 's luck --- roundly in italian . goldoni . it 's a bad time for we , a real bummer . I will give you until next Wednesday . and turn away from they , he blow on he whistle again , once , twice , and the man resume work . CUT to : 19 . _ 45 , int . billy room - night q cozy , middle - class , snoopy and other stuff animal . toy everywhere . as Jane tuck he in , switch on night light , and slip out the door , 46 . ext , front dick and jane's house - night we note , in pass , a 17 foot boat on a trailer in adjoin driveway . we also note that all the garden we can see , include Dick and Jane 's , be well - light , spotlight conceal in shrubbery . SOUND : a shrill , pulsate police siren approach --- seemingly upon they --- then fade into the night . 47 . ext , rear dick and jane's house - night Dick and Jane be by the hold partially dig for they long - await swim pool . excavate equipment alongside , also stack of tile , etc . a child 's toy also on seat of the excavator --- smile - -- as she watch a somewhat looped Dick . try stunt on billy 's skateboard , finally , he stroll : G over to she , join she at poolside 's , Jane refill both they glass with wine , jane I can not believe it , Charlie fire you . dick Charlie fire I . . jane that son of a bitch . after all the year of bottom - pinching I take from he . Dick maintain a morose silence . jane ( contin ) the hell with they . you will get a better job . no answer , jane wo not you ? ( continued ) continued : , . 20 . dick you be dam right I will . a beat ; Jane stare at pool . jane ( meekly ) what be we go to do about pay for the pool ? dick : darling , there be nothing to worry about . but Jane be now prepare to make real sacrifice . jane look , we will not heat it . not until you get another job . dick and what will the neighbor say if . they do not see steam rise off we pool on chilly night / fas he grope for she , kissing she neck ) Dick harper 's a loser ! jane ( respond to he advance ) screw the neighbor . we be go to start make some real economy around here , I be go to give up my tennis lesson , no more french wine at home . and I be go to start can thing , just like my mother . ' dick ( he advance grow more heat ) I do appreciate you pioneer spirit , calamity , and now if you would care to mosey upstairs with I there 's something in my sleep bag I would like to show you . jane ( kissing he ) shoot . what could that be ? . dick well , it 's good for lumbago , athlete 's foot , headache , .. and guarantee to melt you little ole panty strap . jane you be talkin ' dirty now ! as they embrace , dissolve to : 49 . 50 . 52 . 53. int . dick and jane's house , esperanza's room esperanza gather up she large , overstuff cardboard suitcase , bound with cord . ext . house garden and garage as a taxi driver take esperanza 's suitcase , she walk to garage , where billy be try to flip a basketball into net overhead of door , baffle , he allow himself to be hugge and kiss by depart may . : another angle across the street , the bradley have just pull up , get out 21. of they car , he 's a fat fellow , spilling over he bermuda short . | Pov mrs . BRADLEY esperanza get into taxi . resume bradley mrs . BRADLEY the harper 's may be leave ! mr . BRADLEY what ? mrs . BRADLEY ( shove he ) hurry ! damn you ! she may not have another job yet . another angle bound Bradley , in he bermudas , succeed in stop taxi , 54 55 . 56 . 22. omitted int . den - day Dick , who have obviously be on the phone for hour , nod wearily | inta receiver , as we hear a click on the other end of the line , and he x-s another name off a list on the pad before he . favoring pad , we see that it be a list of all the country 's lead airplane manufacturing firm , the last name and hope now x-ed off . another angle as billy spill into the room , Dick , still hold ' dead ! phone , parody the day , 's defeat for he son , dick ( into ' dead ' phone ) hello , Harry , Long time no see , how go the battle ? yeah , sure . tell I , anything available at lockheed ? yeah , pink slip . the girl in the secretarial pool . Ho , ho , ho . billy look on uncertainly as Dick hang up phone . billy thing be that tough , dad ? dick it 's not just that I be unemployable --- I also seem to be obsolete ! 's Dick see he son 's grow alarm , decide to make light of it . dick why do not you get a newspaper route , kid ? eleven year old and . still spong off the old man . as he dive at he and the two of they begin to wrestle on the floor . cur to : & 58 . 59 . 23 . int , kitchen Chaos . steam , steam everywhere . boil burn peach . can jar . peeling . a totally undone , sweaty Jane , attempt to can , get everything wrong . CUT to : int . harper dine room - night panning over billy , Jane , Dick , eat hamburger helper listlessly , not a word be say . only sound we hear that of cutlery against plate . finally . jane ( obviously try to cheer he up ) maybe you third House be still empty . dick that be last month , dear . tomorrow Dick harper put he fable shoulder to the wheel once more . jane ( overjoy ) you have find a job ! dick . yeah , jane . do what ? dick let 's just say I be embark on a second career , and leave it at that , shall we ? dissolve to : int . classroom ucla or wherever - day it 's a large studio , and we pan over rapt ' student a draw board , sketching a figure as yet unseen , and the only sound we hear be the scratch of charcoal pencil . panning over intent face , some sketches , until , come full circle , we come upon the model . Dick , reduce to a bikini , and strike a thinker 's pose for the assembly . CUT to : 60 . 61 . 62 , 63. 64 . 65 . 66 . 24 , close shot LA time helped wanted page a " bartender need " ad be circle with ballpoint . ext , the strip - day Dick , clutching newspaper , enter what turn out to be a topless ( or bun ) bar / restaurant . int . seedy restaurant panning over serve waitress , the man at table , as well - dress Dick find himself , for the first time in he life , in a topless bar .. , tracking with he to proprietor who sit at cash register , in the envelop din , we do not hear the conversation , but we see Dick point out bartender want ad to proprietor , who grin and slap he cheek with amazement . closer shot proprietor you crazy , man ? the only require - ment for a bartender in this joint ~ be knocker . shit , you could not . even bluff you way into a training bra . . - dissolve to : closeup of page from dick and jane storybook , title read : " dick and jane's big day . " ext , unemployment office - day a large sullen mob have gather outside the Department of human resource , we pick up Dick and Jane in she car as they stop at the curb . . int . car Jane be behind the wheel . Dick wear a suit and tie and a forlorn look . ' '' jane you would think you be commit a crime . lot of people collect unemployment . | ( continued ) ; | 6 67 . 68. continued : 25 . dick it just seem there 's no point in go through all this when I be have lunch . with Jim week at northrop next week , he say that thing be about to break over there . : jane Dick , my darling , you have be without work for three month now . we be in no position to be turn up we nose at ninety - five dollar week tax - free . dick I have work for every dime I have ever make in my life . nobody ever give I anything . jane / . nobody 's give you anything now . you have to work to collect unemployment . it 's 's like insurance . ( as she bend over to kiss he ) 0.k .? dick ( sullen ) see you later , jane I would wait , you know , but I have get to pick up billy . dick I know . ext , unemployment office Dick walk among the rank of the unemployed . apart from the people who be there merely to get they money and beat it , there be the usual hanger on . also , a small selection of real crazy who make speech , talk to themselves or sing . Dick be the only person dress in a suit and as a consequence he attract attention . he go inside . : int . unemployment office Dick look lose and a little panic stricken . a elderly black woman stand in front of he turn around , bemuse , and look he up and down . | 26 . | continued : ; woman , py you look for a may , honey . I can . iron like a dream . . dick the truth be .... woman . ( drift away ) yeah , I know . you want somebody young . Dick , move away , embarrassed , finally sight the window mark information . as he be about to join the long line lead up to it , he be accost by a longhaire , bearded , mustachioe mexican ( raoul ) raoul you be Mr. harper , be not you ? | dixon aircraft . . | | | dick yes ..? . raoul - I be raoul esteban . remember ? I be with dixon maintenance division . @ I use to do you office . dick sure ... raoul ... how be you ? raoul seem genuinely delighted to see Dick . Dick be un - comfortable . they shake hand . great . hey , what be you doin ' here ?. ' no ready answer . of . & raoul : . they can you too , huh ? dick _ actually , it be more complicated -- '' raoul that company , man ... they can all the guy who get ability . it 's a bitch . dick > , it sure be . 70 71 continued : 27 . raoul be this you first time in here ? dick damn right . I mean , yeah , it be . raoul hey , man , you be in luck , I be go to take care of you . dick that 's very decent of you . raqul do not mention it . mi casa , su casa , you know what I mean ? first thing ... you be in the wrong line . information you stand in line two hour and all they tell you be to fill out one of this . he hand he a card , CUT to : | ext , tennis court - day a school for kid . billy , and other he age , boy and girl with tooth brace , as instructor trot out , call it a day . ext , STREET school Cars park everywhere , attractive , well - dress young mother wait , chatter , Jane among they . hold only long enough so that we will remember the face of some of this lady , before all the kid come charge out toward the car . among they , billy . ext , house - day as Jane 's car , billy inside , pull up in front of the house . a gang of goldoni 's workmen busy repossess the landscape ( the pool , incidentally , still half complete ) . tree be pull up out of the ground , as be fern and plant ; . all do with great care , great gouge , however , be leave in garden . pile of sand , etc , Jane get out of car and speak to one of the workmen . | | 28 . continued : n jane fy stop it ! stop ! workman this you house ? jane that 's right . workman ( yell ) Pete ...we get one of ‘em . Pete who be in charge today come over to Jane . po pete you get we notice , Mrs. harper ? jane ' yes , and I send you a check . pete bouncy , bouncy . that 's naughty , mrs.. harper . jane but I tell you to put it throught again . : pete we do . that 's . why we be here . jane look , just because the bank make a mistake , be no reason to rip up my garden . pete | . a check bounce once , that 's a mistake . . twice , we repossess . jane well , I be go to call they right now . you just hold on . she start into the house , Pete follow . jane where be you go ? pete I think while you be call I would get the plant inside . jane a . get off my property before I call the ( 5 police . continued : . - 29 . Pete just stand there , clack he tongue . . y ea | jane ( shouting ) right now . k pete of c'mon , guy . everybody back to the truck . : the workmen retire to the truck , Jane and billy go into house . CUT to : 72 int . bar - day meanwhile , Dick be discover a new world . he and raoul be : have a beer and shoot a little pool . some of the unemployment ' office regular be there , mexican pop music in background from j jukebox . raoul , we see at once , be something of a pool shark . watch he shoot , Dick be charge with admiration . : : ) 73 int . house Jane be on the phone . . . jane | but that 's impossible ! be you | positive ...? oo we hear Pete 's voice come through a electric bull horn from : : ' the outside . . ie ee pete ( 0.8 . ) open the door , Mrs. harper --- Jane react in horror , pete ( 0.s . ) --- or we will huff , and we will puff , and we will blow you house down . jane ( into phone ) thank you . she hang up and go to door , a 74 75 77 30 . ext , house Pete be speak through the electric bullhorn . pete you be behind in you payment on you indoor-outdoor landscape and you pool . we do not want you neighbor to know you be deadbeat , but we must repossess ... Jane open the front door . she look utterly defeat . CUT to : ext . dick house - night Dick and Jane 's garden , like all the other , illuminate , but the landscape in front of he house be all but totally denude . as Dick walk slowly to the front door , look around he in stunne disbelief -- pouf !--- suddenly all the light in he garden , as’ well as any light that be on in the house , be extinguish . int . den even as billy watch Hawaii five -o or whatever , on tv , suddenly the picture shrink to the size of a postage stamp and go out . int , outer hall / Dick , enter , strike match , as billy come run up to hin , billy you be just in time , daddy . I think we blow a fuse . dick I be afraid not , billy . billy what 's wrong , then ? dick um , something of a misunderstanding ... between ourselves and the Department of Water and power . 78 - 79 80 81 31 . int . live room as Dick come in , Jane be sit in a chair wrap in a menace calm , flashlight in hand . for he benefit , she shine the flashlight on that place where plant , now repossess , use to stand . Dick stumble over to sideboard , pour himself a small scotch , drain the bottle . the last of 'it . jane be you go to tell I how bad thing really be , or be we just go to . wait for the roof to fall on we head ? cu flute SOUND : scale . track back int , billy room a music stand before he , he be practice by the light of a coleman Camp lamp . int . den . night SOUND : flute . scale again and again . Dick and Jane sit across the desk from each other . the candlelight be romantic , but on the desk , a very businesslike file of papers , document , etc . dick look , Jane , it be not all that bad . jane ? | we have no income and no asset , | Dick . | dick | we have the house . | jane we owe eighty seven thousand dollar on the house .. , but never mind that for the moment . I see that you have leave fifteen thousand dollar in you will to you sister . dick yeah ..? continued : jane : if you die tonight I would owe she the - fifteen thousand , would not I ? dick it would come out of the insurance , jane guess what , darling ? dick do not tell I . I do not want to know . jane there be no insurance , you have borrow against it . dick look , this be ridiculous , I be not go to die tonight . Dick harper be in he prime . jane yes . maybe , _ the " maybe " . scorch . Dick be suddenly outrage , dick if Dr. rabinovitch tell you anything he do not tell I after my last check - up , it be you duty to come clean . right now . I want it straight from the shoulder , Jane be baffle . : jane what_on earth be you talk about ? : dick my health . all I have get leave . he assure I it be tennis elbow . ( lean close ) be it terminal , Jane ? I demand to know . continued : 33. jane my there be absolutely nothing wrong with you health . but , Dick , you have be lead a whole secret life in the last few year , have not you ? now he be really ready to blow he top . dick you be look at a faithful husband , Mrs. harper . I have not even be to see ' deep Throat ' yet . jane I be not talk about sex , I be talk about money . here I always think of you as Dick harper , mild - mannered husband -- dick ( insulted ) mild -manner ? thank you . jane -- and aeréspace executive . who know you be the typhoid Mary of high finance ? dick look , I gamble on a few thing and I lose . but they be sure thing , damn it , I do not go wrong , Jane . ever body 's in the same boat . the economy 's shot to hell . jane you gamble , you lose . what about I ? I gamble and lose and do not even get to play . I do not even get to watch . dick they be not gamble ! how could I know my : stock option would be worthless , or that the : | price of gold would disintegrate . or that | we condominium development in maui would fold ? ! jane maui ? dick ( defensively ) Charlie be in that one , too . so be all the fellow . jane ~ good God ! continued : Dick , still 34 , dick Excuse I , Dr , keyne , but I think that you interest in economics be always limited to the spend part . jane I do not know you be run amok , wheeling and deal we into poverty . concerned , have begin to roll up he sleeve , and probe he elbow . Dick have to dick if only I would consult you , we would not be in this position , there would not have be a recession , I would not have lose my job . ( suddenly , lean close to she again , he manner implore ) tell I the truth . what do he say ? jane who ? dick Dr. rabinovitch . jane there be nothing wrong with you health , but as director of family economics , you be through . I be take over . laugh , he slap he knee with simulate delight . jane you should not have wait three month before you apply for unemployment . dick mea culpa ! / jane tomorrow you can apply for the food stamp program , . dick why do not I get a job ? a waiter , a bus boy . if we be not too proud to go on welfare , then I can --- continued : . 35 . jane ( a sorry , we can not afford it . | no dick | what !? | jane we will make more money from unemployment than you could make on any of that job , assume you could get one . dick gee , thanks . jane you job for the moment be to collect unemployment , apply for the food stamp program , and keep look for work in you field , my job be to get one . dick ( amused ) you be go to get a job ? jane that 's right . incredible as it may seem , I be go to get a job . dick May I ask -- no offense , mind you -- what you think you be qualified to do ? jane there must be plenty of thing I can do . dick oh , come on , you have never work a day in you life . you can not type . you can not take shorthand , you do not even know how to run a pbx . jane I be a college graduate , reasonably intelligent , personable , not altogether unattractive ... dick but will you be happy be a hooker ? dissovle to : 82 83 84 85 86 36 . ext . tennis court - day it 's school fieldday , tennis final or whatever . Young billy on court , play double with three other kid , . if tennis be out , a relay race will do . another angle Parents seat in stand everywhere . we pick out Dick , a empty seat beside he . another angle panning with a exuberant Jane as , mutter " excuse I " , she work she way toward Dick in stand . billy 's playing resume dick as Jane snuggle in beside he . jane I get a job ! Dick , look leave and right , obviously conscious of neighbor . dick sssssh . jane ( whisper ) I start on Monday . resolutely he continue to watch game . jane be not you pleased ? dick please ? I be thrilled . you start you job on Monday and tomorrow morning at nine , I have get a interview about food stamp . '' CUT to : 37 . 87 int , restaurant dept . store - day ee ) . & many matron at lunch , occasionally peer at model who roam between table like frighten bird , 88 int , backstage Jane be get ready to make she debut . the woman in charge , paula , try to reassure she . : paula you ever modell before ? jane sure ... clay , model airplane ... '' paula just do not knock anything over , or fall on you ass , and you will be fine , as Jane get set to move out for she tour of the room . another model speak to Paula , & model who 's she ? paula some friend of the fashion co-ordinator . 89 Pov jane ( move out ) the assemble lady . CUT , to : 90 int , restaurant dept , store Jane , modell a coat , be shaky , but manage reasonably well , until 91 Pov jane sipping martinis at a table , two or three of the lady she chatted with when she go to pick up billy at the tennis school . obviously , they be surprised to see she . 92 93 94 38 . reverse angle hopelessly rattle now , she fragile confidence shattered , Jane inadvertently knock over a drink at a lady ' table . as she immediately move to assist the outrage victim , mutter apology ... CUT to : int . unemployment office the crowd seem to be even larger and more bizarre than the last time we be here . Dick and raoul be together . raoul I be tell you , man . it 's no sweat . particularly for a guy in you position . dick look , I be in the same position everybody else be ... unemployed . raoul but you be a professional guy . you know what I mean ? dick no . raoul look at you card , man . look what it say .. . aerospace executive . you think they be go to hassle a aerospace executive ? dick but I be not a aerospace executive any - more . no one need a aerospace executive anymore ! raoul in here , man , you be what you be . you know what I mean ? it 's the rule . they be not go to mess around with a guy like you . no problem . : CUT to : int . unemployment office - ( day Dick stand in line behind | a guy ( raymond ) in full slap and semi-drag , i.e. , a pant suit rather than a dress . Raymond , at window , tell he tale . Dick , enormously amused , stand behind he , listen . continued : 39 , raymond I be go to have a operation in a month . you know , the operation , and my analyst say I should start make the adjustment , that 's why they fire I ... just for wear a most | demure grey maxi with a match cashmere twin | set , it 's all there in the letter from my analyst . we can not hear the clerk nor do we get a good look at he . we can , however , see Dick who be try to keep himself from dissolve with laughter , raymond why do I have to see the supervisor ? it 's all very simple ... oh , # 11 right . shoot ! . a deep sigh from Raymond as he pack up he stuff and move away from the window . Dick watch he go , then approach window himself , the clerk be write something , we do not see he face ; dick I have see some fruit in my time , but she really take the cake . clerk not really . dick c'mon , that 's the flamingest fag I have ever see . ny clerk : in the first place , she be a transsexual , no a fruit , not a fag , not even a homosexual . : J | she have the mind , soul , and desire of a woman ' imprison in a man 's body . even Dick have now realize that the clerk be gay . clerk and now what can I do for you , sir ? CUT to : 95 40 . int . dept , store ( cosmetics ) - day Jane approach a elderly harridan ( thelma ) who appear to have spare no expense to look like Sandra Dee in she gidget period . jane can I help you ? thelma honey , my tooth soak in a glass every night . I have not be pro - perly laid in ten year . I be beyond help . where 's irene ? jane irene be out to lunch . be there ...? thelma lunch , my ass . you mean she 's have a nooner in some sleazy motel . jane I do not really know . but maybe I could help you . thelma irene be my regular girl . you be new , be not you ? jane yes . my name be Jane . be there some - thing I can get for you ? thelma sure , twenty year of my life back . or a fella with a big whang . but , fail that , I will just take the usual . jane you will have to forgive I , but since I be new , I do not really know what the usual be . thelma well ... give I some of that facial . and then .... jane any particular facial ? thelma what do you think ? my skin be make of sandpaper ? I want just any facial ? continued : 4l . jane : I be sorry , but I - really do not know . _thelma I want my facial , jane Fine . but which kind of facial do you want ? thelma the green one that smell like sorrento on a summer 's night , jane you do not happen to remember the name ? . thelma I have have thee husband and I can not even remember they name , irene know . jane maybe you should wait until she get back , thelma how many time do I have to tell you that I want my facial now ? ' Jane , decide to try : she luck , take a box off the shelf . jane how about this ? thelma how about let I have a vaginal spray ? something sweet for secret place . if only for auld lang syne 's sake . no , that be not it at all , honey . * jane this be the best facial in the store . I think perhaps you might like to try it . continued : 42 , thelma . o but I have be use the same facial for_ ' twenty year , and that 's the one I want . _ jane I will get it for you . just tell I what it 's call . . thelma . you keep ask the same stupid question . I do not know what it 's call . : : jane then how can I get it for you ? thelma never mind , God , what a stupid girl ! 96 another angle . as a hard old lady , obviously the department supervisor , approach , G more than a little interested . jane | look , lady , if you have be use the same : facial for twenty year , I do not think it 's too much that you might remember what in the hell it 's call ! thelma . do not you speak filthy to I , you stupid cunt . | I tell you young people today they have no respect . ' they have only get one thing on they mind , as thelma , outrage , stomp off , Jane be : suddenly aware of the grimface supervisor down on she . supervisor Mrs. harper ...? jane ~ do not say it , there 's no need . i'11 C : go quietly , 5 43 . continued : as she reach for she hangbag and turn to go . '' cur to : 97 int . unemployment office we see Dick collect he check , he exuberance apparent to all . '' : a 98 another angle as one of the regular , wear a chrome - studd black motor - cycle custume , sidle up to he , whisper something . 99 ext . unemployment office Dick climb on to rear of a big bike , zoom off into traffic with regular . 100 ext . freeways - day two or three shot of Dick and regular zoom through canyon on big bike . | @ 101 '' ext . crest of hill - day ( 2nd unit ) as Dick approach on bike , in valley below we see _... car park , man , woman , even kid , walk between , lug bridge table , lamp , etc . : 102 closer shot swap meet and " antique " fair Dick and regular walk between display of junk on grass , search for somebody , : : 103 another angle it 's raoul , wear a funny peak cap , a basket strapped to he shoulder , merrily hand out free new long cigarette sample to all comer . 104 another angle Dick with raoul . continued : 44 , dick what be so urgent ? even as raoul break open a cigarette sample and he and Dick light up . raoul the Opera be come to town next Tuesday . | dick so what ? raoul so forty buck a night : cash . dick can _you sing ? : raoul Hell , no . all you get to do be stand around while the rest of they sing . some - time you carry a spear . other time you hold the elephant . it 's real easy , man . even as they talk , they continue to drift through the swap meet , strolling past display of Nazi memorabilia , old theatre poster , ancient barber chair , etc. etc. , raoul , all smile , handle out cigarette sample to all comer . dick what about unemployment ? raoul we do not tell they . dick suppose they find out ? raoul . how they go to find out ? they pay you in cash . there 's no papers , nothing . no way they go to find out . greeting , in pass , other cigarette vendor , recognizable from unemployment office . dick you mean I be go to be a welfare chiseler ? ae ) 105 45 . continued : Dick be pleased at the prospect , but raoul 's sensibility be offended . . raoul look , man , a welfare chiseler be just a bum who do not want to work . we want to work , do not we ? : dick yeah , but the rule say you can not work and collect unemployment . raoul you can not follow the rule all the time , man . I mean what about guy like the rockefeller or the du pont ? how do you think they get where they be ? dick break the rule ? raoul that guy have initiative and enterprise and they be willing to work hard , and they do not let a few crummy rule stand in they way . that 's what make this country what it be . it 's the whole enchilada that make America great . you know ? dick I never think of it quite like that . raoul you get to think about this thing , man . I be not nodeadbeat , welfare chiseler , and neither be you . dick I be sorry . raoul it 's o.k. , man . CUT to : int . opera house a performance of carmen be in progress . we be in the camp of the gypsy at the end of the second act . . the stage , need - less to say , be crow with gypsy . closer inspection reveal two of the gypsy be in fact Dick and raoul . they wear head scarve , earring , and generally tend to blend with other gypsy . all go reasonably well until Dick be accidently stab with a prop knife which cause he to yell . 106 " 107 108 109 110 46 . continued : dick Jesus Christ ! and stumble against a piece of the set , which wobble slightly . this raise a laugh from some of the audience . angle to audience some people be smile , other be angry . one of that who be angry be the clerk from the unemployment office , who , furthermore , seem to have recognize Dick . int . opera house backstage the gypsy , other extras . even before Dick can remove he make - up , he see , loom over he . Pov dick the unemployment officer , exude nasty delight . officer : oh , ducky , do not you look simply divine ce soir . cU dick his reaction - CUT to : int . raoul' car night . Dick and raoul drive home from the performance . dick no unemployment for three year . . shit . raoul you get to look at the positive side . they could have send you to prison . they do not usually do that , but ... dick Three year ... what be I go to tell Jane . raoul I would not tell she . ) ; ; L 111 47 . continued : dick unemployment be half we income . dissolve to : int . loan company - day Dick and Jane sit across the desk from the loan officer , ned Glass . ned be go over they book shaking he head , occasionally grunt , and snort with derision . ned mister , you get problem . dick why do you think we be here ? ned I know why you be here . he sigh and shake he head . ° ned . you get gut . I give you that . dick you ad say if you have be turn down elsewhere ... ned it do not say if you have be turn down everywhere . dick this be the first place we have be . ned lucky we . " jane listen , we can go lot of place for abuse . c'mon , Dick . ned sit down . do I say I be not goin ; to give you money ? do I say that ? dick no. I just ... ned : sit down . let 's look at the pluse and the minuse , 48 . continued : dick there be a couple of ... . ned ( cut he off ) we will start with the minuse . you be in hock up to you eye . and you get nothing serious for collateral . you be behind on both mortgage which make we third in line after the bank , you car be pay for but that and a dime will get you a cup of coffee . dick that be a perfectly good late model ear that 's worth at least 1,000 dollar . a grunt from ned on this . ned you get some jewelry which might be worth a few buck . dick that car 's worth at least nine hundred , ned shoot he a disgust look . ned I have not come to the pluse yet . wait for the pluse . dick o.k.. ned on the plus side , you be actually v work .... this last to Jane who brighten a touch . : ned you be get pay bupkas , but you be work . it 's regular . ( to Dick ) you could get another job . who know . . they might even find a cure for cancer . next year the king could win the stanley Cup . Nixon could come back . we be also due for a earthquake . it 's a wonderful world we live in . right ? right ? : '' 112 continued : oo , 49 , : dick actually , there be a couple of thing start to break , ned anyway , the biggest thing you get go for you be . stupidity , which be to say you have a history of pay you debt . and I , I love people . I can let you have a thousand dollar for one year at eighteen and a half compound ... dick a thousand !? jane eighteen and a half . that 's against the law . ned take itor leave it . . , sane we will take it . ned you have I worried there for a moment . cur to : int . loan office - later | Dick and Jane be at the cashier area , they have complete signing all the form and they be get they money , at this moment , two man burst through the front door carry large gun . first robber this be a hold up ! if nobody move , nobody get hurt . everybody lie down on the floor . : ned I think you say nobody move . first robber just lie down and shut up . ) continued : : 50 . ned I will do nothing to offend . Count on it . robber I tell you to shut up . ned lie down and shut up with the rest of the people . one robber go behind the counter and begin collect the money out of the till . the other one collect from the customer lie on the floor . Dick be the first one , he be clutching a thousand dollar in cash . as the robber reach for it . dick hey , look , I just borrow this . robber now , you be loaning it . Dick slide the money to ned . dick borrow it from he , ned that money be legally yours . you : sign the papers . | ned push it back to Dick . dick I be pay it back . what 's the interest on two minute ? robber shut up . he grab the money . dick . could we just clear this up ? : 4 who be you steal this from ? : : robber shut up . he whacks Dick on the hand with the butt of the shotgun which cause it to fire , this startle everybody but most of all the robber . second robber what the hell be that ? 113 114 51 . continued : first robber it be I . my gun go off . second robber shit , that will bring all the heat in the world , come on , let get out of here . he come out from behind the counter carry a bag full of money . we hear a siren in the distance . he stop and speak to the nearest person who happen to be Jane . robber o.k. lady . on you foot . you be come with we . dick hey , wait a ..... he be interrupt by a gun butt over the head . Jane instinctively move toward he but be grab by the robber and haul along with he toward a back door . Jane be push out ahead of they . as the door close behind they , the front door burst open - and the cops. come racing in . " ned they go out the back . another customer they have get a woman with they . the cop race through the office to the back door . ext . vacant lot - day the rear of the loan company open énto a vacant lot . as the cop come out of the rear door we see Jane on the ground about twenty foot from the door . one of the robber be racing for a wait car the other who be a few foot away from Jane seem to be about to go back and get she . his attention be divert by the cop . he race for the car after fire a shot at the cop . the cop pursue , fire , run by Jane . however , the robber make it to they car and take off . the cop fire a few shot without any noticable effect .. Jane get up and go back inside . int . loan company Dick be just come around . Jane come back in to attend to he . CUT to : 52 . 115 int . loan company , still later many cop write report , talk to people etc . one of they be talk to Dick and Jane . cop you be sure you be all right . you do not want to go - to the hospital or ...? dick I be all right . Jane be you ?... | jane I just want to go home . cop you be free to go . you be very cool under fire , ma'am , jane I '1l faint at home , but thank you . they start to leave . ned stop they before they get to the door , , ned ( confidentially ) how much do you tell them you lose ? dick ( puzzle ) a thousand dollar , what do you mean ? ned : ae ak schmuck , you could not have tell them two thousand ? the insurance would have pay and I would have split the extra grand with you . CUT to : 116 - int . harper house - day Jane stride briskly through the front door , then hold it for Dick . she seem highly agitate . Dick come in . he be barely through the door when Jane shut it behind he and lock it . os : dick : honey , be you feel all right ? 117 118 continued : : 53. in reply , she move off toward the bedroom at a brisk pace . Dick follow . int , bedroom Jane whip through the bedroom and go directly into the bath - room . Dick pursue , but pause at the bathroom . Jane motion impatiently for he to come in . he do , int . bathroom Jane shut the door and lock it behind he . Dick puzzle , alarmed . jane. do look distraught . : dick what 's the matter ? she open she purse , take out a thick wad of hundred dollar bill , and drop it on the counter in front of Dick . it 's fair to say Dick be surprised . jane he drop it and I fall on it and while they be chase he I just stick it in my purse . I do not know what happen to I , but I just do it . Dick have be examine the money through this . dick there 's two thousand dollar here . , jane I can not bélieve I do it . Dick start to laugh . dick neither can I , jane it 's not funny . I have just commit a crime , dick and do a helluva job at it . he put he arm around she . oo be ne 119 54 . continued : jane I be go to give it back . dick who would you give it back to ? the robber ? jane the money belong to the loan --- of course they be insure . dick exactly . you could not give it back now even if you want to . jane I guess not . anyway , I do not want to . two thousand dollar ... we hear billy yell os jane it 's billy . she quickly stuff the money into she purse . jane he 's go to ask why we be in the bathroom together . dissolve to : int . bedroom - night Dick and Jane be undress , prepare for bed . 120 121 continued : . 55 . they be still without electricity , oblige to manage by candlelight . jane by the time we pay all the bill there be not go to be much leave . dick ie you do not buy I a car , I will turn you in to the police and collect the reward . she kiss he . . jane they reward be not nearly as good as mine , another kiss . dick I do not come cheap , you know . dissolve to : ext , dick and jane's STREET ~ night as they house and garden , plunge in darkness until now , be suddenly bath in light . SOUND : cheer , whistling . int , dine room billy , two finger in he mouth , whistling as light go on . Jane applaud . Dick cheer ... for this very special celebration , Jane be wear she most allure evening gown , billy a Sunday suit , and Dick he dinner jacket , table set with best silver . wine in a bucket . as cheer die down ... SOUND : door bell . int . outer hall as Jane go to answer door , she look through peephole , then fasten the chain , and open the door , continued ; 56 . jane ( nervous ) yes ... male voice ( hostile ) be this the residence of Mr. Richard harper ? ) jane yes , I be Mrs , harper . male voice you have apply for the food stamp Program . 123 cu jane | oh , my god. | jane | : yes ...2 , voice my name be Johnson , I be here to @ interview you for the Program , jane : : «». mow ? tonight ...? : voice you - want to see my credential ? - jane no. come on in . join the party . she open the door to reveal a very large , very mean look black man , in a black leather jacket , as he look around , he manner contemptuous . 124 int . dine room a beam Dick , enter , carry roast beef on carve board . 125 another angle Jane with Johnson . jane darling , this be Mr. Johnson . x > ( . 7 126 127 57 . group shot as Dick just manage to set roast down on table without drop it . and Johnson , no longer contemptuous , be absolutely . incredulous . jane ( put a bold face on it ) have you eat yet , Mr. Johnson ? johnson ( icily ) yes . thank you . dick ... you do not understand ... johnson do not I ? Jane pour herself a much - need glass of wine . jane yeah , the truth be we just happen to knock off a loan company yesterday , and this feast be the last of the proceed . Dick dive for the wine himself . johnson do not you dare make fun of I . as billy , frighten , begin to cry . CUT to : int . den ~ night dick , jane , johnson . he 's go over they book . he do not look any more thrilled with they than when he arrive . they look like they have be at this for quite a while . : johnson you do not have any asset other than what 's here ? . dick that 's it . johnson you sure mess up good , do not you ? 128 continued : . 58 . jane we sure do . dick ° never mind the editorial , be we eligible or not ? : johnson ... accord to the rule , you be eligible . dick thank you . johnson do not thank I , as far as I can see it 's people like you who give this program a bad name , and screw it up for the people who really need it . but you be eligible . dick just a minute ... jane we really need it ... you just see ... johnson nobody live in this house and this neighborhood really need it . dick if the lecture 's over ... johnson sit down , the lecture 's just begin . Dick , unable to contradict a man of Johnson 's size , sit down . CUT to : int , dine room billy 's in bed , as they sit down at last to what amount to a char overdo roast , which they eat bravely , but with obvious difficulty , oblige to put in a lot of chew . - 129 continued : dick ( steam ) you know why that bastard stick it to we ? because we be the nouveau poor . the old rich be always stick it to the new rich . I guess there 's no reason why thé old poor should not stick it to the nouveau poor . . jane well , I agree with a lot of what he say , dick what , all that crap about we middleclass pretension , shit , we be barely hang in there . jane I be sorry , but that 's probably what it look like compare to the people he usually see . dick : oh , really ? I suppose you think we should sell the house and move to watt , where we belong . jane I think we should sell the house before the bank sell it for we . which will be , next week . Dick , finally give up the pretense and shove plate of char roast beef away from he . '' CUT to : int . bedroom / bathroom the quarrel continue as they undress . dick : well , you can just forget it . we be not sell this house . I work my ass off to get this far , 59 . 130 131 132 133 '' 60 . continued : jane how be we go to make the payment ? dissolve to : ext . a seedy downtown STREET - day a gun shop . Saturday night special . rifles . Dick , outside , study display . dick 0.s. we will make the payment . do not worry . jane 0.s but , it 's the house that 's kill we . CUT to : int . gunshop proprietor or salesman show Dick gun . dick o.s. you have just accept we current problem as permanent . they be not . this be a temporary condition which we have to cope with until I get another job . as Dick clumsily settles on a gun , hardly know which way to hold it . closeup : dick and jane storybook . title read : | | " dick and jane go to work " . | | dissolve to : ext / int dick and jane's house as Jane enter house , carry shopping bag . we hear Dick 's voice os in the bedroom . dick stick them up . Jane start for the bedroom . 134 61 . int . bedroom - day Dick dress in a black turtleneck stand in front of the mirror with a gun in he hand . dick this be a stick up ! apparently not satisfied with he performance or he appearance , or both , he pull a nylon stock over he head . actually , it 's pantyhose which make he look like a rabbit . it also make he barely intelligible . dick ( muffle ) _ this be a stick up . . Jane enter the room and watch he for a moment . she wear a coat and carry she purse . Dick have another go at the mirror try for great clarity of speech . dick this be a stick up . a little clearer . J be you kid ? startle , Dick spin around gun momentarily point at Jane who jump for cover . Dick shout something at she which be incomprehensible due to the stock mask . ~ jane be you crazy ? Dick answer but we still do not get it . " jane will you take that ridiculous thing off ? I can not understand a word you be say . Dick remove the stock . dick ( angry ) never sneak up on a man hold a gun . you can get kill . jane what in the hell be you do with a gun ? never mind , I know what you be do . continued : 62. dick yeah , well you be right . now as long as 's you be here you can give I the key to the car . . jane I think this have go far enough . dick you do not think I can do it , do you ? I be a wash - out . a loser . I be not even capable of hold up a goddamn grocery store , jane any idiot can hold up a grocery store , dick thank you . 's jane you be really determine to do this ? dick that 's right , Jane . jane 0.k. I will go with you . dick forget it . '' " jane any gambling with we life will be do by we , together . you want to hold up grocery store ? Fine , we will hold up grocery together . the family that steal together , stay together . dick - oh , no . you be not go . jane I be go with you . dick what do you say we take billy along too ? 135 continued : 63. jane if I have to follow you , I be go with you . dick all right , Jane .. you can come , as long as you promise to do exactly what I tell you . jane sure . be that what you be go to wear ? dick what do you think ? jane you might as well wear a sign say arrest I . as he start ' to take off he turtleneck . dick o.k. , smart ass , what should I wear ? jane how about something a little more inconspicuous ? say , a batman costume . jump CUT to : int , bedroom - later Dick have change into slack , shirt and tie . dick 0.k. baby , let 's go . jane have not we forget a little something ? dick oh , shit , my iron . he pick up the gun , a hot coal , and be immediately face with the problem of where to put it . he try stick in he pants . jane : um , do not you think the gun might attract a little attention stick out of you belt like that ? 136 137 138 139 140 64 . continued : dick ( impatiently ) I be go to wear a jacket . as he get into he jacket . jane now , remember , we be not go to shoot anybody . we just want to scare they . . dick of course . what do you think I be ? CUT to : int . live room billy , in pajamas , watch tv with 60ish baby -sitter . Dick wait , as Jane cross room to kiss he goodnight . jane remember , billy . bedtime be ten o'clock tonight . babysitter you be not to worry about a thing , Mrs. harper . cu jane jane oh yeah . another angle as tv show erupt into a fierce gun battle , Jane flinch and Dick go into a defensive crouch . curt to : int . car - night Jane back the car out of the garage . Dick , who have be wait for she , open the door and get in . as he sit down , wince with pain . Pov jane '' gun point down toward he groin . continued : jane 8 do you realize , if that go off , you will be a eunuch ? ( eb as he swiftly rearrange gun . dick Ho , ho . very funny . jane look , Dick , we be not cut out for this . why do not we --- : dick just drive , damn it . 141 ext , STREET - night as car pull out of driveway and start down the street . jane where be we go ? @ dick just get on the freeway . i'11 tell you where to get off . 142 ext , freeway - night Jane 's car in traffic . jane ( 0.8 . ) I be curious about one thing . dick ( 0.s . ) I know it . jane ( 0.s . ) how be you plan on get to the scene of the crime , if I have not come home . cab ? : 65 .