ï»¿ funny people written by judd apatow April 29 , 2008 int . bel AIR home - night GEORGE simmon , 42 , sit in a giant live room watch bad television on a 70 - inch flat screen tv . he look bored and empty . after a few beat he pause the tv , and pick up the phone . GEORGE ( on the phone ) hey , it 's George simmon , I be come in . int . nightclub - night Shots of George do stand up on stage at a comedy club . the place adore he . we see quick image of he after the show interact with people . he be clearly a very famous comedian . int . bedroom - night George have sex with a girl in she early twenty . int . bel AIR home - night George sit back down , the thrill of he performance be go , he be bored and alone again . he hit play on he tv and begin watch he show from the same spot it be at before . music up : " with a little luck " - paul mccartney begin credit sequence int . bel AIR home - bedroom - day GEORGE wake up in a large , clean , modern house . he be all alone . we get the feel that he hire someone to decorate he house . it be very nice , but do not seem personal to he at all . it feel new , with all the gadget , but a little cold . on the kitchen table be a stack of script he be suppose to read . ext . george' home - morning George hit ball in he home bat cage . then we see he drive golf ball inside there . in the background we see he modern , space ship look house . it be enormous . 2 . int . bathroom - later George walk into a fancy , steam - fill shower . ext . CITY STREET - day George drive he large black mercede . ext . medical tower - day George get out of he car and walk towards the tower . two college student walk over . college student hey George , can I get a picture with you ? GEORGE sure buddy . let 's do it . one of the college student put he arm around George while the other take the picture . college student # 2 can I get one ? GEORGE yeah bud . they take the picture . college student you be the man . we love all you movie , even the last one . GEORGE thanks . tell you friend . int . doctor' office - day George sit in the doctor 's office stare at the photo of the doctor with he beautiful young child . doctor steven enter and sit down . he take a deep breath . GEORGE I like that lunestas . they really put I to sleep without give I the sleep pill hangover I get from the restoril . ( more ) 3. GEORGE ( coin ' D ) ( beat ) I try not to take they too often . just when I know I have to get up early . doctor steven George there be some irregularity in you blood work ... George 's face turn white . he know what this mean . the doctor keep talk but the sound keep come in and out -- it be now all a jumble of word . angle on george' Pov we see photo of the doctor 's family , he graduation certificate , file of other case , odd doctor 's office art , a picture of he ski with he family . he keep talk , but now we hear nothing . music up - " my shit 's fucked up " by warren zevon ext . medical tower - moment later George walk down the stair towards the parking lot in a daze . a asian girl and she mother and brother see he and start scream . girl oh my God . can you take a picture with I ? GEORGE yeah , sure . she put she arm around he . her little brother jump in too . girl thanks . you be the funniest . GEORGE thanks , pal . ! not . car - day George drive home . we hear the voice of he doctor in he head . 4. doctor steven ( v.0 . ) it 's a rare blood disorder . in the family of hodgkin disease . we really do not have a treatment for it . there be thing we can try . they be all very experimental in nature . GEORGE ( v.0 . ) I do not understand what this mean . doctor steven ( v.0 . ) I think you need to hope for the best and prepare for the worst . be there someone who can help you get you affair in order ? int . ralph's supermarket - day ira , a 25 - year-old , work at the deli counter , along with chuck , a large , sweet - look 45 - year - old deli counter lifer , and gail , a very skinny , very old , straight - talk , humorless woman in she fifty . ira be in the middle of a very long conversation with a middle - age woman . woman be the turkey organic ? ira yes , mar 'am . woman well what do organic mean ? ira it mean there 's no additive or preservative and it 's hormone free . woman be there additive or preservative in the food they feed the turkey ? ira I do not know mar 'am . 5 . woman I hear that because turkey be fatty bird , mercury get stick in they fat . my daughter - in-law , she eat turkey and then she have a miscarriage . ira I have not hear about that . but I may not be inform enough to comment . woman well , you be not a doctor , so you should not comment . ira you be correct , I be not a doctor . int . deli counter - later ira and Chuck be prepare trays of food . ira you should come see I do stand - up tonight at the Comedy and Magic Club . chuck I can not go through that again , man , that be painful . ira that be five month ago . I have get a lot better . chuck they pay you yet ? ira Nah , not there . I just hang out and hope somebody do not show . chuck wow , be there anyway for you to . be lower in show business ? I do not know if you could even say you be in show business . why do not you just fuck settle down and enjoy this gig ? this be a sweet situation . the money 's good , you have get health insurance . 6 . ira dude , I know you like it here but if I have to work here another year I would kill myself . chuck really ? in that case , when we bury you do it have to be in some kind of Jew cemetery ? next to Al jolson or some shit ? ira just come . I need the support . chuck no way . I be funnier than you . and I be not even that funny . I would go if I be pay to see I . ira I will pay you cover charge . chuck okay , well you better be good , because I be bring a date . ira laughter 's the ultimate lubricant . int . bel AIR home - dusk a otis redding song be play as George walk around he house in a daze , not sure how to process this . he do not call anybody . there 's nobody in sight . we see image of he think about the unthinkable and the life he 's lead . he sit in he office , surround by photo of himself at difference age . it build to a sequence of he go through stack of old photo and watch video of himself , review he life , try to make sense of what it all mean . we see clip of he good movie and he last bad movie . on the wall be a poster of a buddy film which show he and another famous comedian . on - screen -- home video of George at college . George be hang out with he friend . they be act goofy , have the time of they life . George look very young , skinny , and carefree . life have never be better . they play a ridiculous drink game and laugh uproariously . 7 . another image - we see a very young George perform stand - up on late night with David letterman . he 's so young and naive , he seem like a completely different person . angle on George watch silently . he have no idea what to make of this journey of he . end credit sequence int . ira' bedroom - day ira sit with one of he roommate , leo , who be also a aspire comedian . they sit across from each other , kick around joke idea they have , try to write new one . we see a entire pitch session play out . ira 's joke pitch be all over the place . he clearly have not figure out what he stage persona be yet . ira I be think about do something about how I be not good look and I be not bad look . I be just good look enough that if I have a good personality , it could put I over the top . if that be the case . leo yeah , something about how the uglier you be , the better the personality you need . and the hotter you be , the stupider you can be . ira I have a joke once about how you never see incredibly hot , blonde , homeless woman . because someone will always take care of that kind of woman . that woman could be the dumbest person on earth and she will survive in this world . leo maybe something like ... you can be hot and stupid and survive in the world . and you can be smart and ugly and survive in the world . the people who have trouble be the stupid , ugly people . 8. ira that could work . leo let I keep that one , because I think of most of it . ira that 's not cool . I come up with the concept ! what do you get ? let 's work on what you have . leo I have get nothing in the notebook . I get drunk last night . but I need material , because I just get spot at the improv . Budd see I and approve I . I be in . ira how could they make you a regular ? I get turn down twice . leo sorry , man . they be only go to let in one chubby , caustic Jew , so I think you be fuck . they other roommate , MARK , walk in , wave a check at they . MARK hey , dude . you see this check that I get from my tv show for 25,000 a episode ? there be another one of this on the kitchen counter . do you see it ? ira no we do not see it . just do not leave that thing lay around . MARK I would not leave it around if they do not give I so many . they give it to I every episode . leo do not throw it in we face that you be on a shitty show . 9 . MARK I would not , if it be a shitty show and not what time magazine call " insightful and delightful . " ira I think you be move out . MARK I decide I like it here . live with you guy keep I ground . I do not want to be the guy live in the house on the hill . even though I could afford it . hey , I see that girl comic you like who life upstairs . I invite she in . she 's here . ira she 's in we apartment ? I have never even talk to she . I just give she quarter at the wash machine . MARK you be right , she be pretty mousy and sexy . you gotta talk to she . ira I need time . I have a three - month plan . MARK I will give you ten day for you three - month plan , then I be go to fuck she . you can not just leave that lay around . start right now . int . live room - moment later Mark be talk to daisy , a alternative - feel , dark - haire girl in she early twenty . his television show be on the tv . MARK the thing about work on a sitcom be it 's 22 week a year , so I can do stand - up the rest of the year . ( more ) 10 . MARK ( cont 'd ) but now people want to see I because they see I on a tv show , so I be kind of a draw . have you see the show ? daisy I do not own a tv . MARK well I think you can download it to a ipod . ira walk in . MARK ( cont 'd ) hey ira , this be Daisy . daisy how 's it go ? ira Nice to meet you . I think I give you quarter once . ira walk over to the kitchen area , take out a paper cup . he pour some orange juice without look and the paper cup fall over and spill all over the counter . Mark look horrify . ira ( cont 'd ) ( nervously joke ) do not worry , I will just lick it off the counter . nobody laugh . ira start wiping up the oj with a rag . int . comedy and magic club - night Leo be on stage , perform he act , do well . angle on ira watch , both amused and jealous . a magician and the emcee walk over to he . emcee schneider do not show up so , you can do ten minute after Leo . magician do not go long because I have to load pigeon into my suit . I have to let they out or they will die . I be not fuck around . ( more ) 11 . magician ( cont 'd ) so when you get the light , do not go long . you have get one minute . angle on Leo on stage , do a few more joke . a manager walk over to ira . manager hey man . George simmon just get here , he want to go up . you be bump . we will put you on after George . ira well how long be he go to do ? manager I do not know . last night he do five minute . last week he do a hour . fie 'il do what he want to do . ira well what about the magician ? he just load he pigeon . he say I have to get off in ten minute . manager I will have he unload the pigeon . just be ready . Leo finish he set to huge applause then come off stage . leo that be good , right ? some of the new stuff work . ira I just get bump by George simmon . leo be you serious ? shit - I have get a spot at the improv , I cant hang out , damn . angle on the stage emcee a lot of time you hear about go to a comedy club and someone exciting show up . I will not lie to you , that usually never happen . but tonight it be happen . ( more ) 12 . emcee ( cont 'd ) lady and gentleman , you know he from [ movie credit to go here ] George simmon ? George walk on stage . the place go crazy . he do some of he normal routine and the audience laugh and be very appreciative . as George continue he act , it start get darker and darker until he be talk about death and the lack of meaning in it all . GEORGE ah life . what do it mean ? sometimes life make perfect sense . and then you `come ' . on ira ira he 's kill the crowd . Jesus , I can not follow this shit . after completely lose the crowd , and some minor confrontation with audience member , he exit the stage . GEORGE life be not all about laugh . crazy shit happen . you have get to be nice to each other . you never know what 's go to happen . ira pass George as he head onto the stage . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) sorry I suck it up out there . at least they be well rest for you . ira , take the stage . he start try to do he act , but he be unsure of himself and unable to figure out how to take the weird energy of the room and spin it to he advantage . he basically bomb . we reveal Chuck and he date watch , look miserable . ira I be not good look . I be not bad look . I be just in the middle . and if I have a personality that be jut good enough , it would put I over the edge . the joke fail . we reveal George also watch he bomb , amused by he struggle . he see something he like in ira . 13 . ext . parking lot ira walk to he car . in the spot next to he be a enormous suburban suv park in a spot mean for compact car . it be so close to ira 's car that it be not possible to open the door . he hear some bang and odd wail from in the car . ira knock on the window . we see that George be sit in he car in a world of pain . he 's clearly be cry . the knock startles he . he turn to ira . ira sorry , man . I do not mean to disturb you . I just can not open my door . there 's no room . GEORGE oh I be sorry . let I pull out . George pull the car back ten foot . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( call to ira ) hey man , you have some funny shit tonight . ira thanks ! GEORGE man , that audience hate you . they really do not like you . they like you buddy , who look exactly like you but be funnier . man , that 's go to haunt you . you be go to wake up in six month and think about this night . ira well , I will probably bomb worse tomorrow and forget about this one . GEORGE I be just fuck with you . you have some funny joke in there . good write . ira well , obviously , I be a ... you know ... I grow up on you shit , man . George just stare at he . 14 . GEORGE alright , pal . do not worry . only two hundred people see that tonight . I will see you later . George pull out , turn the car around , and as he pass by ira , he steer he car as if he 's go to run he down , and start scream ... GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you be gonna die !!! I be gonna kill you ! then he smile at ira and drive off . ira smile . this be the great thing that 's ever happen to he . int . ira' apartment - next day full screen computer : we see a comedy short make by Leo . it 's very funny . ira Holy shit , you get seven hundred thousand hit in four day . leo they put it on the main page at YouTube and it explode . which would be awesome if someone would pay I . the phone ring . ira hello ? GEORGE ( v.0 . ) hey , be this ira ? ira yeah . who be this ? GEORGE it 's George . ira oh my gosh . hey , how be it go ? 15 . GEORGE I think you and Leo be pretty funny last night and I have to do this corporate gig for Apple computer in a couple of day and I think you guy could write I some joke . ira definitely . what kind of joke ? Leo pass by in the background . we see ira decide not to include he in this job offer . GEORGE I do not know , about computer and shit . I could mainly do my act but they like it if you talk about they a little . ira no problem . where do you want I to send they ? GEORGE what be you email ? I will send you my fax and email and all that . ira it 's a...irasexiraÃ‚Â®gmail.com . GEORGE ( long silence ) I almost just change my mind . you get to change that . ira ok . GEORGE today . seriously . ok. later . ira hang up and turn to he friend . ira that be George simmon . he want I to write joke for he . leo Holy shit . that be awesome . you be so lucky . 16 . MARK be you gonna get to meet he ? ira I do not know , but he be gonna send I he email address . leo we be gonna have he email address ? I have to send he the link to my short . ira easy . let I get in there a little more . CUT to : int . ira' room - night ira be write joke . the camera follow the letter be type on the computer screen as he type . " always erase you web history . I have a girlfriend hit history and see eleven hundred porn site that I visit in a hour . " jonah stick he head in . leo I get one , but you have to tell he its mine . the best thing about leopard be it let you watch a porno , write a porno , shoot a porno , and order a porno all at the same time . and you guy make that possible . we see quick image of he type and printing . he be write a enormous amount of joke . Way more than George will ever need . write , type , re-writ in pen , then be - type , etc . ira hesitates , then hit send . int . ira' bedroom ira be asleep . the clock say noon . the phone ring . he answer it , groggy . 17 . GEORGE there 's some funny shit in here . not a bad ratio of good joke to shit . ira thanks man . I just want to give you a lot of choice . GEORGE too many choice . I do not like read that much . I need like ten good joke . I be a little mad you make I read that many to get to ten . but thanks for do it . ira oh , it be fun to try to write in you voice . I spend the whole night pretend I be you . GEORGE so you cry yourself to sleep ? ( alt ) so you whacked off three time last night ? do not worry , I will get you some money . be five hundred good ? ira yeah ! that will work . GEORGE I be leave at four tomorrow to go to the gig . you want to come check it out , see if you shit work ? int . ira' apartment close - up on they curtain , as they wait for George to pull up . leo can we go outside and meet he ? ira no you can not . because then we look like fan . MARK maybe he 's see my show . 18. ira he do not watch you show . you be show be for eight - year-old . it 's a family show , he do not watch that shit . leo I will just go outside and pretend I ' - , n wash my car . the limo pull up outside . leo ( cont 'd ) Holy shit . I feel like my little girl be go to the prom . int . / ext . limo - moment later the door open , ira get in . GEORGE how you do , you ready for this ? ira yeah , this will be fun . GEORGE I think I be go to have you go on before I to warn they up . ira you do not have to do that . what if I bomb ? GEORGE hey , if you bomb , they will just be more excited to see I . they will be so glad you not on stage any more . then if you do well , they will be ready for I . either way , you be helpful . i/e private jet - later the limo pull up to a private jet . ira be shocked . a moment later they be pick up speed to take off . George seem really relaxed . nothing register that the jet be go faster and faster and take off . 19 . as they be have a conversation , ira seem really freak out . ira pretend he be not . GEORGE I like this joke about watch porn and make porn all at the same time . that be a good one . ira ( turn white from takeoff ) oh good . yeah , I think you would like that one . I be really happy with that one . GEORGE you want something to eat ? I have they bring chinese on the plane . ira 's eye widen . he like this way of life . int . ballroom - later dave from Apple be walk George and ira into the room . it 's a giant room that hold a thousand people at banquet table . on stage - sting be finish up a set . this be a huge corporate event . dave okay , what do you want they to say when he introduce you ? do you have any credit he should mention ? ira ( long beat ) uh...credits ? I do not really have any credit . maybe you could just say I have be work on apple for so long , my first one weigh more than I do . nobody laugh . GEORGE and just say he 's a friend of mine , and I think he 's funny . 20 . int . stage - later ira 's on stage do he act . he tell two joke that do not do very well . and then he panic and do the joke about jerk off and shoot a movie all at the same time . angle on George , shaking he head , amused that he panicked and do one of the joke he sell to he . CUT to the wing of the stage . ira 's walk off stage . GEORGE what the fuck be that ? you do three of the joke that you write for I . ira I panicked . they just want joke about computer . GEORGE that 's why I hire you , to write joke about computer . ira take out the long list of joke he 's write . ira but there 's a lot more . the first three on this page . you do not think they would work , but I think they will . you should just try they . GEORGE they better kill , I be get pay a hundred thousand dollar for this . ira be you serious ? angle on dave on stage . dave lady and gentleman , George simmon . George do a few Apple joke that do kill , and then he segues into he normal act . when he want to be , he be a great performer . 21 . int . plane - later George and ira sit on the plane , on the way back . GEORGE we will be on the ground in a half hour . want to go to a bar ? do something fun ? ira sure . I like fun . GEORGE here 's a grand for the joke and the gig . even though you should be pay I after that . ira 's eye widen . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) good job . ira that 's the most money I have ever make do anything in comedy . GEORGE then this be a exciting moment . ira well , I do not make a hundred grand like you . GEORGE I feel nothing . I remember when a grand be the most exciting thing in the world . I would go to Red lobster and go nut . now it 's just number in a bank account . enjoy tonight . you make a thousand buck . music up int . bar - night George and ira enter . people be very excited to see George . they give he a nice table . -- George and ira talk to two woman , mandy and dawn . they both seem really into George . ira feel kind of leave out . 22 . -- George focus on Mandy , flirt and prepare she to go home with he . -- the other girl be now talk to a very uncomfortable ira . she be not into it . GEORGE hey , let 's all go back to my house . mandy great ! ira ( hopeful ) yeah , that sound like a ... nice idea . int . live room Music be play . everybody be drink . Mandy be do some weird sort of sexy dance for George . mandy this house be so big . it 's bigger than the college I go to . GEORGE oh there 's a whole other wing that you would not even know exist unless you go through this door . mandy I want to see , I want to see . George and Mandy disappear . ira and Dawn be leave alone . ira you be very pretty . dawn I have a boyfriend . nothing be go to happen . ira I do not say anything be go to happen . I just say you be pretty . how do you even know I want something to happen ? dawn I hope she do not take a long time . 23. int . george' bedroom - night George be have sex with Mandy . mandy I can not believe I be have sex with davey ! GEORGE he can not believe he 's have sex with you . int . live room -- night ira and Dawn be watch one of George 's film . neither look very happy or comfortable . George enter . GEORGE hey , Mandy think you leave , so she leave . dawn really ? GEORGE sorry , that kind of stuff happen when you have a big house . dawn oh , well then I guess I better get go ? GEORGE you do not have to go . I be just say that she leave . I think she leave she purse in the other wing . come with I , let 's go get it . ira watch this , astonished . GEORGE ( cont ' D ) do ira tell you I have a room with all the classic pinball machine and video game ? dawn that sound awesome . GEORGE yeah , I get galaga . let 's go check it out . 24 . George look over he shoulder at ira , as if to say , " a man 's gotta do what a man 's gotta do . " GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( to ira ) hey do not go , I will be back in a second . int . live room - later ira be now watch the end of the movie by himself . George stick he head in . GEORGE that girl leave . you want to talk to I while I try to go to sleep . ira do not know what to make of this . ira I guess so . int . bedroom - later George be in bed under the cover , comfortably lay on he pillow . ira sit in a easy chair locate right next to the bed . ira do you have sex with both of that girl ? GEORGE I be afraid I do . I be sorry . it be just so clear that you be not go to get it do . I figure you would not mind . ira that be crazy . that be super crazy . GEORGE it be great . it be crazy great . ira how can that even happen ? I guess I understand the first one , but why would the second one do it ? you probably stink of the first girl . 25 . GEORGE well , we take a steam shower together . ira what ? GEORGE she have never see a steam shower before , I tell she she should enjoy it . ira she would not fool around with I because she say she have a boyfriend . GEORGE she tell I that too , but she say I be on she and she boyfriend 's list of people she be allow to screw . you would be surprised how many woman have I on that list . ira I should get go . GEORGE just talk to I before I fall asleep . I be weird . I do not like be alone . you should crash in one of the room . you be too drunk to drive home . I will not try to fuck you , I just fuck two woman and I be kind of do . ira I may have to whack it in you guest room . GEORGE whack away , I do not give a shit . ( beat ) hey , you be funny tonight . I could see how you could get good . ira thanks . that be fun . it be rare that I get to play to more than twenty - five people . I have never play for a thousand . ( more ) 26 . ira ( cont 'd ) it , 's kind of easier , because even if two hundred like I , it sound like a lot . GEORGE I do feel bad for you , because no matter how hard you try , you will never be as funny as I . ira why would you say that ? GEORGE do you dad crack you on the head when you be a kid ? ira no . GEORGE that 's why . my dad always seem annoyed with I . he would always crack I on the head . you would not see it come . I spend my whole childhood try to make my dad laugh so he would not smack I . but he be a awesome guy . he be the coolest . he just get annoyed with I . do you like you parent ? they can not be that bad , because you be not that funny . ira they be bananas . and always break . they get divorced ten year ago , but they both act like it just happen last week . they hate each other . they always put I in the middle of it . I always want they to say , " we do not want you to suffer through this , so we be just go to handle it ourselves . " they never would do it . they would always make I feel they pain all the time . I would never do that for my kid . because it 's like they . _`.re kid . and no matter how many time I tell they to leave I out of it , they never do . ira notice that George be very close to fall asleep . ira ( cont 'd ) I will let you crash . 27 . GEORGE no , keep go . it 's interesting . tell I about you day job ? ira alright . so ... ( know he 's a sleep pill at this point ) I work at a supermarket at the deli counter . I hate it , but the money 's actually pretty good . better than you would think . but I would rather do comedy full - time if I could . the camera pull back as ira continue to talk , and we begin to hear George snore , as ira continue to talk anyway . int . george' house - morning George walk into the guest room , where ira be sleep . GEORGE hey man , you want to make I breakfast ? ira okay . GEORGE do you know how to cook anything ? ira egg . GEORGE okay , let 's have some egg . while ira be cooking , George take a lot of pill . ira what be you do , man ? be that vitamin ? GEORGE no. Medicine . I be sick . ira what do you get ? 28 . GEORGE I have get some crazy blood disease . they think I be go to die in six month to a year . some weird thing , almost nobody have it . all this be experimental . ira be you fuck with I ? that 's not funny , man . GEORGE no , I be tell you the truth . ira I never hear that before . that would be a big deal . GEORGE I have not tell anybody yet . I do not think I be go to . ira you be not go to tell anybody ? you tell I . GEORGE well it 's easier with you because I do not know you . I do not feel weird around you . I do not want to be treat like a guy who 's go to die . ira I do not know , man . I do not think you want to go through this alone . I think you have get to tell people . you family . you friend . GEORGE actually , the reason why I only tell you be I need you to do I a favor . ira what ? anything , man . GEORGE I can not imagine suffer through the final stage of this . so ... I be go to ask you if you would be willing ... to euthanize I . 29 . ira what do that mean ? GEORGE kill I . I figure if I find someone that nobody know that be a stranger , they could get away with it , and I would not have to suffer . I get a gun that be untraceable . and a silencer . and I think maybe tonight , I would take a bunch of sleep pill , and when I sleep you would put a bullet in my head . ira I can not do that ! GEORGE I will give you fifty thousand dollar in cash . you would be do I a favor . it would be the kindest thing you could ever do for somebody . ira fifty thousand dollar ? can I at least take a little time to think about it ? GEORGE Holy shit , you would do it . you be literally think about do it ! ira you be a asshole . GEORGE I be a asshole , you be about to kill I . for fifty grand ! that 's not even a lot of money . ipa I just get nervous so I be delay say no . GEORGE you basically just tell I that you be willing to be a murderer . while you be cooking I egg . 30 . ira that 's not cool , man . you tell I you be go to die and you want I to euthanize you . I almost have a heart attack . GEORGE well , I actually be sick . and I be not go to survive . ira do not do this . my friend do this all the time . they trick I , and then they trick I again . I be very gullible . do not do it . GEORGE I be not put you on , man . just do not tell anyone . I mean that . I do not want people to know about this . I do not want to feel weird . ira nod okay . ira be you religious ? do that give you any comfort ? GEORGE do you really think I be go to sit here and have a theological conversation with you ? ira no . GEORGE maybe later , Father mulcahy . int . live room - later the three friend - Mark , ira , Leo - smoke pot and have what they think be a deep conversation . MARK that 's so sad . leo if it be I , I would tell everyone . then everyone would kiss my ass . and take care of I . tell I how much they love I . ( more ) 31 . leo ( cont`d ) wipe my ass when I have to go to the bathroom . they would be cry and sad , and that would make I feel really good . ira he do not want to be that guy . he pick up two girl at a bar . then he have sex with he . and then he come out and have sex with mine . MARK in front of you ? ira no . MARK so be terminally ill make you a cock -blacker ? ira no , what I be say be ... he 's so lose right now that he 's hide from the world . and he 's try to distract himself by do stand - up and have sex with a lot of woman . and he do not want anyone to know but I . MARK why you ? ira because he do not know I . so he do not give a shit . leo that 's kind of insulting . ira no , I think we have kind of a instant connection . the other roommate , jay , walk by . jay you fuck he ? ira shut up , jay . jay keep walk . 32 . ira ( cont 'd ) I feel like he 's cry out for help , and I can help he . he 's make we so happy in we life , this be we chance to do something from he during this time . there 's a lot of wisdom we can take from this . what he 's go through . we can apply it to we life . leo like how to bang two chick in the same night , even though you have a terminal disease ? ira no , what be life all about ? what be important ? how should we decide to live this precious life ? reveal that Mark be cry . MARK do not talk about this shit when we be high . it really freak I out and it make I sad and it scare I . I do not want to talk about this shit . ira that 's why we should talk about it ! you can not run from it , man . this could make we into better people . this be a opportunity . leo I do not want to talk about this shit until I be 80 . I be 24 year old . ira well I be go to fuck learn something . Mark cry even more . MARK when my grandfather die , we be in a room with no window . and they say he be dead . and there be a candle . and it start flicker like he be blow it out . but there be no window . ( more ) 33 MARK ( cont 'd ) we all think that be he go to heaven . leo you have to go through fire to get to heaven ? that be not he go to heaven , that be he go to hell . MARK fuck you guy . I be try to open up . I will never do it again . you be just be mean because I be make twenty - five thousand dollar a episode . int . george' live room - day George be bored , play guitar . he pick up the phone , dial . intercut with : int . ira' apartment ira answer the phone . ira hello . GEORGE hey . you want to see if we can get on-stage somewhere ? ira sure . music up int . the improv - night see quick moment of ira on stage at the improv do a set . then George do a set , tear down the house . int . george' jam room George and a few of he friend be play a famous rock song for fun . but they be very good . the music continue through the follow sequence . 34 . int . the improv - dine room George and ira be eat with several famous comedian , shoot the shit , have a good time . ext . improv -- night George and ira be wait at the parking valet . the car pull up . as they get in : GEORGE I be think about it . I could throw you some money every week for come up with new joke for I . maybe you can organize they in the computer , keep track of what I be do . ira absolutely . what do you want to pay I ? they close the door , drive off . GEORGE I will throw you $ 1500 a week . ira okay , that could work . we can tell that this amount of money could change ira 's life . int . george' live room George and ira be write joke . ira keep pitching premise / rough joke idea that George instantly make ten time better off the top of he head . ( we shoot this process for real with multiple camera and try to catch lightning in a bottle . ) ira I be think maybe you should do some material about what you be go through , be sick . there could be something really powerful , and it would mean a lot to people , that you would share that with they . 35 . GEORGE I be just do stand - up to have fun , forget about it on stage . there 's nothing funny about that . ira it could be classic stuff . for the age . GEORGE fuck classic stuff . ido not give a shit what people think of my shit when I be dead . why do not you wait till you be about to die and then you do a bit about it ? I will bet you be about - to - die shit will be funnier than my about - to - die shit . int . comedy club George and ira be do set again . int . george' bedroom - night George be make a phoney phone call on a speaker phone . ira listen . GEORGE ( grandmother voice ) I order you roast beef . and normally it 's delicious . but this time I pay a price ! deli manager I be very sorry mar 'am . what if you come in and I give you a free sandwich ? GEORGE ( grandmother voice ) well that 's very nice of you . but I have one question for you . can I get two sandwich ? George motion for ira to do something . ira grandma ! get off the fuck phone . do not run up my fuck bill . 36 . ira start slapping he hand together . George scream in pain . deli manager ma'am ! be you okay ? GEORGE ( grandmother voice ) this be a family matter ! he can hit I if he want . he 's my grandson , and I love he ! now may I give you my name , so you have it on file so I can get my free sandwich ? k-a-c-a-h-a-k-r-e-k-k-u - c-t-a-r-s-u-t-a-r-g-m-s. do you get that ? can you say it back to I ? int . george' house - afternoon ira enter . ira George ? George ? he walk through the house , find George in bed . for the first time he seem sick . ira ( cont 'd ) be you all right ? GEORGE no , I have a bad night last night . I be sweat though the sheet , could not stop . so I get up , watch half of a season of the Wire and then I sleep till ... what time be it now ? ira it 's three in the afternoon . GEORGE I want to get up and do something . but I do not think I have it in I . I may just go back to bed . ira well do you need anything ? 37 . GEORGE yeah , I need all sort of thing . but nothing you can get I . you should go up anyway . you be in a groove the other night , you do not want to get rusty . ira I . . i. .ca not anyway . I be do the late shift at the deli counter . GEORGE really ? how long you gonna keep that job for ? I be pay you good money . what if someone you perform in front of go into Ralph 's and see you cut turkey ? ira I know , I just want to be safe , make sure I can pay my bill . I do not like to be nervous about that shit . GEORGE I be not like you . I have a different theory . you have get to spend money to make money . nothing make you work harder than be in debt . maybe we should go buy a corvette . that will make you try to be funnier . int . ralph's supermarket chuck so how much notice be you give I ? ira notice ? I be not give you any notice . I be just quit . chuck you be suppose to give notice . that 's what people do . ira why would I give you notice ? I be not try to stay in Ralph 's good grace . I be not try to preserve my good stand at Ralph 's . ( more ) 38 . ira ( cont 'd ) I be just quit . you do not quit and then keep work for two week . chuck well I do not have enough people to cover all you shift , now I gotta cover they . ira I wish I could help you , but I will kill myself if I keep work here . it 's not what I want to do . maybe gail can cover my shift . chuck gail can not work weekend , and my kid 's birthday be this weekend . what be I suppose to do ? ira I do not know . get someone to cover from a different Ralph 's . there be thousand of they in Southern California . no one else can scoop macaroni into a bowl ? I be not the linchpin that keep Ralph 's from fall into chaos . chuck you be a asshole . you always think you be slumming it here . go tell you tucking fart joke . , get the fuck out of here before I kick the shit out of you . ira you know what ? I be glad you say that , because I be about to tell you I could work this weekend . what 's you problem ? I do not say anything bad about you , I just say I do not want to work for Ralph 's anymore . Chuck take a step to ira like he 's go to hit he . ira step back a few foot . ira ( cont 'd ) I will tell Dave . I will tell Dave . I try to do this politely . the thanks I get . 39 . ira walk out the store . as he walk out , he turn to a lady ( in she 40s ) at the register . ira ( cont 'd ) see you , Phyllis . you be nice . ext . apartment complex - day ira see Daisy walk out as he 's walk into the apartment complex . he take a deep breath , then : ira hey , Daisy . daisy hey -- ira ira . daisy ( she do not ) I know . ira I be gonna try to hunt down ticket to see wilco at the Greek theatre . you want to come ? be you into they at all ? daisy I would love to come . that would be amazing . ira okay . I will call you with the detail . hopefully I will be able to get seat which will not require high - power binocular . daisy I do not care where the seat be . I just like to close my eye and listen to the music at concert , ira perfect . then I can play you they live album in my car and trick you into think we have front row seat . ( laugh uncomfortably ) that will not work . ( more ) 40 . ira ( cont 'd ) that be not funny at all . I be gonna leave while I be ahead right now . she smile . he walk away . int . george' house ira walk into George 's house . ira George ? ira walk into George 's bedroom . he hear something , poke he head in . in the dark , he can barely see George make phoney call by himself . ira listen for awhile , not sure what to make of this . George do not see he . GEORGE ( speak like a old woman ) I be rob ! one second you be walk down the street with you Visa card , have a grand old time , and then you have get a fuck gun in you mouth ! visa lady what 's the number of the card , ma'am ? GEORGE I do not know ! the thief have the card , why do not you ask the thief the number of the card ! George hang up the phone . he start dial . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( as a Texan ) ah yes , I come into you comedy club tonight and I be very offended by the performer . I do not pay good money to have the so - call " comedian " shake my wife 's hand , then smell it and say , " do you have fish for dinner ? " that be not my idea of entertainment . ira leave the room , feel like he 's intrude on a private moment . 41 . int . red lobster restaurant George and ira be eat . ira I be think you need to tell someone about you situation ... you condition . GEORGE no , no . iã¢ â ‚¬ Â¢ do not want to do that . ira I feel like maybe you be hold everything in and I can understand why you do not want to deal with it because why would anyone want to deal with it . but I bet you have a lot of unfinish business with you friend . would not it make you feel a lot better to get you affair in order ? what do people do at this moment do not they have to do stuff ? GEORGE I do not want to do anything . I just want to be in the moment and live every day the best I can . as soon as I confront it with everybody , everything 's change and I can not get back . ira everything have change . at some point you be go to get really sick and you need you friend and family around you . I be sure there 's a lot of business , estate issue , I do not know . maybe you will feel better than if you just deal with everything . where be you parent ? GEORGE p4y parent would drop dead if I tell they what be happen . they be in they 80s . they do not have to go through this . I will make sure they find out at the last possible second . 42 . ira Friends ? GEORGE I do not think I do . I think I do . I get a lot of people I know , shoot the shit with , fuck around with . but I realize when this happen I be not close to anyone . I have no one to call . my friendship be Hollywood friendship . when I be lie in bed I could not think of one person I want to share this with . maybe it 's I , maybe I never get close to anybody . ira I think if you talk to people you would find out a lot of people care about you . you be kind of old already , I mean , compare to I . I be sure you touch a lot of people 's life . you can not spend the rest of you day make phoney phone call alone in you room . GEORGE the only reason I do that be because I could not sleep . and I have no one to call . ira well maybe that 's the problem . maybe if you tell more people you would have more people to call . you can not just talk to I about it , I do not know what the fuck I be talk about . you be the first person I have know who 's sick . I be not good at it . ( eye beginning to well up ) you have give I diarrhea , I be nervous about you and I be in over my head . GEORGE ( he eye begin to well up ) do not cry in front of I , man . I can not start that . 43. ira I be sorry . GEORGE seriously . I can not ... I can not have you do that . George really begin to cry . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) please do not do that . ira ( tear stream down he face ) I will not do it , I promise , man . ira wipe the tear from he face . New tear immediately come out . ira ( cont 'd ) that be first and last time . I be not even cry anymore . GEORGE ( crying ) you be still cry . ira ( tear come down ) I do not think I be . I think I be not anymore . I be not sure what you be talk about . GEORGE okay , as long as we get that straight . George take a napkin and put it over he face . ira I be sorry , George . I really do not know what to do , I do not know how to help you . GEORGE ( he face still in the napkin ) no , you be right . I really should tell some people . it just suck , man . it just suck . and they be go to feel so bad , I do not even want to look at they and tell they . ( more ) 44 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I would rather drop dead . of a heart attack and have someone else make the call . I have to make that call ? this be a nightmare . this be a total nightmare . ira do you want I to call they , and tell they what 's go on ? GEORGE yeah . ira fuck . I be hope you be gonna say no . int . ira' bedroom ira be on the phone . there be a paper with a bunch of number in front of he . ira ( into the phone ) hi , this be ira , I be a friend of George 's . he ask I to call you . his roommate be make a commotion outside . ira cover the receiver . ira ( cont 'd ) will you guy shut the fuck up ? shut the fuck up ! ira slam the door . ira ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) I be sorry . I have some news about George . telling friend sequence int . live room George sit with three comedian . they be all laugh and tell old sex storey from george 's young day . ira sit with they and listen and laugh along . 45 . GEORGE so I leave the phone off the hook so he could hear I do it . comedian # 1 that 's very gay . comedian #2 no , it be a buddy thing . it be very heterosexual . GEORGE admit it , you be masturbate . comedian #2 of course I be whack it . what else be I gonna do , not whack it ? GEORGE and I keep make she talk and say crazy shit just to make he laugh . comedian # 2 I think at one point you say , " say my hog be the biggest you have ever see . " and then there be this long pause . comedian#3 that 's a bad sign . if it be big at all she would not have pause . comedian # 1 remember you use to have that joke about how you use to only date midget because you dick look bigger in they little hand . they all laugh . comedian # 2 yeah , you use to get all the girl , man . suddenly the air be out of the room , and it be awkward and sad . int . live room George be talk to a ex-manager and he wife . 46 . ex-manager and I feel horrible about it , but the truth be , I be have some issue with gambling , and you be do so well - and so I take a million dollar check you get in from the studio and I use it to clear up some debt . and I do it with the intention of pay you right back before you notice . but you never notice , and I just never get around to pay you back . int . live room Allen covert yell at George for abandon he . covert you fuck blow we off . you cocksucker . int . live room George be talk to he sister , lisa . lisa you have to tell mom and dad . GEORGE I will tell they , but right at the end . I do not want they to go through all this . I can not put they through this . lisa I wish I be not so mad at you . I want to be there for you , but I be so mad at you . GEORGE I wish I be a better brother . lisa you be not even a brother . you just leave when I be a little kid . you leave I there all alone , and you never treat I like a sister again . 47 . GEORGE you live so far away . I visit you in Kansas a few year ago . lisa that be six year ago , and you be only there because you have a concert . my five - year- old have never even meet you . George do not know what to say . lisa ( cont 'd ) and I want to bring she , but then I think she would just fall in love with you and get attach , and then what ? I do not want to do that to she . int . kitchen George and ira talk in the kitchen while make beverage . GEORGE thanks a lot , pal . this be everything I do not want to happen . it 's like be at my own funeral . ira afterwards you will be happy you do it . GEORGE no , I will not . int . live room George talk to a friend who ramble on and on talk about he own problem , ignore George 's . friend it be such a tuck up situation . life be fuck . it make no sense . GEORGE well , I really appreciate you come by . friend this be why I can not be close with people . what be the point ? 48 . GEORGE exactly . well , I really need to rest ... friend the worst part be at night , when the tv get turn off , and it be quiet ... GEORGE it be so good to see you . George stand up and exit the room . ira walk over . ira I think George be go to take a nap now . friend oh , okay . int . live room a different friend be talk about they own health issue . he go on and on about he surgeries and treatment . George do not say a word . int . live room George be talk to bruce springsteen . bruce springsteen you be about to merge with the eternal . we be all go to die . no one get out of here alive , right ? George nod . bruce springsteen ( cont 'd ) you live five life , fucker . you be 200 year old in my book . the fun you have have , the money , the adventure , the woman you have know . who would not want to change place with you right new ? GEORGE I guess so , but ... 49 . bruce springsteen you know what ? there be no tomorrow , no yesterday . only right now , and it 's fuck beautiful . GEORGE ( beat ) you need to shut the fuck up right now . have you be browsing the self - help section at barne and Noble ? be this what you say in between song this day ? I be go to go right now and delete all you song off my ipod . bruce springsteen I be sorry . I do not know what to say . I just get nervous . int . george' bedroom ira be talk George to sleep . he 's get good at it . Warren Zevon 's " do not let we get sick " play in the background . GEORGE this be awful . awful . I hate you for have I do this . ira you have to , you have no choice . you be do good . and you be almost do , do not worry . GEORGE well what be we go to do when it 's over , when we be do tomorrow ? because then I be not talk to anyone . ira I be think we should go ski somewhere . you be still physically do well , and that 's not go to last forever . you should do something active . go to Colorado , or tahoe , or something . or do something crazy . go to Switzerland , or Sweden , or wherever they have mountain . ( more ) 50 . ira ( cont 'd ) I do not know , I do not even ski , but you do . maybe you should do something like that . ira notice George be fall asleep , so he talk more quietly . he 's get good at this . ira ( cont 'd ) if it 's too hard , we can just ski for a hour or two a day , and then get drunk at the bar . you can hit on hot ski instructor , and then I can masturbate in the room think about you fuck hot ski instructor . he think George be asleep , so he walk out as he speak . ira ( cont 'd ) whatever . it will be fun to be in the mountain air , fun to look at the mountain . maybe you should not even be here . we can hang out there as long as you want , I get nothing to do . ira close the door . int . live room - day George be talk to LAURA , a very pretty woman in she late thirty . Laura be show George a photo of she two daughter . GEORGE thanks for come down . you do not have to do that , i appreciate it . LAURA I want to , I want to see you . GEORGE I be so sorry . I be sorry for everything I do to you . LAURA you do not have to be sorry , that be like 12 year ago . everything work out for the best . we see this hurt George . 51 . GEORGE I screw everything up . I could have be marry to you now . LAURA do not do this . GEORGE we could have have a family . I do not have a family , I be all alone here . LAURA ( tear up ) I be so sorry . I be so sorry for what 's happen to you . GEORGE you know , maybe I deserve it . I screw up the only good thing that ever happen in my life . I cheat on you . for no reason at all . just young and stupid . and selfish . I be sorry . LAURA maybe I over react . I do not have to leave you . GEORGE yes you do . angle on : ira sneaking a peak from the kitchen as he make coffee . LAURA and the funny thing be ... my husband , he be on the road a lot for business . he do the same thing last year . GEORGE do you leave he ? LAURA no . I have kid now . GEORGE see , that be my mistake . I should have have some kid with you before I cheat . she laugh . 52 . LAURA you be the one and only magic relationship in . my life . she start to cry . he do too . they embrace . GEORGE I too . they cry , forehead to forehead . LAURA there 's never be anything like you before or since . I love Chris , but it 's not the same . it 's fine , maybe it be not even fine , but we have something special . GEORGE I be so sorry . I really love you . and I do love you . LAURA I love you too George . I wish there be something I could do . GEORGE do not set I up for joke like that . you be ruin the moment . she smile . they hug . int . ira' house - night ira come home , deep in the evening . he 's eat some food . Daisy walk out of Mark 's bedroom , dress in Mark 's long - sleeve t-shirt . she 's clearly just have sex . ira hey . how 's it go ? daisy good . Mark walk out in a bathrobe . MARK oh , I be sorry . I think you be sleep at you boyfriend 's again tonight . 53. ira I guess it 's be more than ten day . MARK it 's be 21 day . I give you a extra 11 . daisy what be you guy talk about ? ira do not worry about it , it do not matter , I do not give a shit . Leo walk in the front door . leo I just fuck kill at the improv . Bud freidman fuck love I . Leo realize he 's walk into the middle of a awkward moment . leo ( cont ' D ) ( half -heartedly ) they say they be gonna start give I good spot on the weekend . ira I have be get good weekend spot . leo well , that 's because they think if they book you , George will show up . ira what 's with you guy ? you both want to fuck my mother too ? what more do you want to do to I tonight ? ira walk away . leo I really do kill . ( a beat ) do you guy just bone , or something ? ( more ) 54 . leo ( cont 'd ) I be get a little vibe here . it 's get I excited . ext . apartment complex - moment later ira and Daisy be have a heat conversation outside . ira so now you be with Mark ? you be he girl ? daisy I just go out with he one night . ira you get a lot accomplish in one night . how do this happen ? daisy he invite I to a taping of he show and we hit it off . ira must have be a great episode . I should get a job on a shitty show so I can use it as foreplay . daisy what be you talk about ? do not treat I like that . ira I be not treat you like anything . do what you want . I do not give a shit . I will go to wilco alone . daisy what planet be you from ? the one where everyone be perfect like you , you judgemental fuck ? ira how could you do that ? I think we be go out on a date . daisy we be go on a date . I do not plan it . be I not allow to do stuff because we be go out on a .date ? what the fuck 's the matter with you ? 55 . ira I buy ticket to wilco and I work all week to get a reservation at a place that do not normally let people like I eat there . I just do not see this come . yes , you be right . you can do anything you want . I be glad this fuck happen , before I waste the night with you . I do not think you be that kind of person . that you would sleep with a guy like that . daisy he 's you roommate . you do not like he ? ira no , I think he 's a pussyhound . daisy well , I do not know that . thanks for the info . I be not try to hurt you . it just happen . ira you get excited because he 's the star of the show . you literally star-fucked . daisy yes , you be right . I be awful . ( crying ) give I a break . I do not even know you . int . apartment - moment later ira go into the house . Mark be there . MARK I tell you I be go to give you 10 day . that be three week ago . ira I think you be joke . MARK I do not know she actually matter to you . we talk about girl we want to fuck all the time . 56 . ira I just buy this two wilco ticket . wanna go ? MARK I would , but I be go with tobey Maguire . he want I to play he young brother in some movie . ext . ski slope - day George and ira be ski . there be no music , no noise . it be very peaceful . George stop in a spot where he be surround in all direction by gorgeous , majestic mountain . he look around , take it all in . int . ski lodge HOTEL room - night George and ira be watch videotape of George do stand - up when he be much young . he 's really , really funny . and very skinny , with a much more pronounce New York accent . GEORGE you know , I never get marry . I never have kid . I do not get to do a lot of thing I think I would do . but I be pretty fuck funny , right ? ira come on , be you kid I ? we all want to be you . most of my comic friend be just do a bad impression of you . people love you shit . GEORGE well , I make a lot of people laugh . I guess that 's something . ira it 's a lot . GEORGE yeah . I guess so . they watch some more and we see a really happy , young George get big laugh with something really silly . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) look at that crazy motherfucker . 57 . George and ira start watch the act and laugh along , like any audience member . int . jam room - day George be sing a happy song with a bunch of musician friend , like a Lou reed / Velvet Underground ( or ramone / New York doll / clash / Warren Zevon / Paul McCartney ) song . this music play over the follow montage . montage ext . george' house - day George walk around he grounds , slowly . and one get the sense he 's never look around and see where he life before . he like it . int . improv - night George perform at the improv . we see he gesture to a woman that she can come up on stage and she hug he . the crowd erupt . she run back to she seat . George continue with he act . ext . santa monica mountain - day George and ira hike up a hill . GEORGE I never understand why people hike before . I think I get it now . ira ( sweat ) I do not . int . restaurtant - day George and ira have a uncomfortable dinner with George 's angry sister , Lisa . int . bedroom -- night George be in bed , sleep . ira start sneaking out . George wake up , call ira back to keep talk to he . 58 . ext . backyard - night George be walk around he yard at night . he 's clearly never walk the grounds at night . he seem at peace . int . george' live room - day Lisa and she husband be now over , and George be talk to they and play with she two - year - old boy . ext . george' house George be sit with he parent . it be clear he recently tell they about he situation , and although there be sadness in the air , they look happy to be close for the first time in a long time . George say something that make he dad laugh . int . george' live room ira be asleep on the couch . George walk over with a bowl of ice cream . he whacks ira a few time try to wake he up , but ira keep snore . George sit down next to the sleep ira and watch tv while eat he ice cream . ext . basketball court - day George and ira play basketball . ira be awful . int . kitchen - morning ira be make breakfast . George be all dress for the day . ira what be you do ? GEORGE I be feel good , so I be go to the doctor . ira you be not feel good ? GEORGE no , I be feel good . it 's kind of weird I out . ( more ) 59 . GEORGE ( cont - D ) I do not feel sick at all , and it 's scare I . I feel like I be just go to drop dead . be I not go to feel bad at all , and then one day wake up dead ? it 's disconcert . int . doctor' office doctor steven I do not want to get you hope up . we put you on this experimental medication without much optimism , but as of right now I do not see any trace of the disease in you blood work . I do not want to speak too soon , but we may have beat this thing . GEORGE well what the fuck do I do now ? int . live room ira 's eye be wide with shock . ira oh my god , oh my god ! ira go to hug George , but it 's a very awkward moment . ira really want a happy hug , but George be instantly uncomfortable . tnt . office George be sit at he computer . ira be also seat . GEORGE I really want to thank you for you help through this time . ira I be happy to help . GEORGE well , you do not have to , and you be really there for I . I be think , maybe we should write a movie together . 60 . ira uh-huh . GEORGE I feel like I have learn a lot , and I wanna use this good place I be in right now to do something really creative . I would pay you , certainly . I make , you know , about a million dollar to write a script . I can not give you half , but maybe one hundred , two hundred grand , but we will figure it out . ira ( what ? ) yeah , we will figure it out . GEORGE I think a lot about my work when I be sick and I be in sort of a strange place career - wise , because I be normally the goofy , funny guy and I do not know if people be expect a change from I . and I think people be expect I to evolve , and it 's important to evolve before they make a point of ask I why I be not evolve . ira it 's always good to keep break new ground . GEORGE be that something they teach you at the deli . I be not ask you for you advice , I just though we could start try to come up with a idea . ira well , I be gonna start think . and ... I be really happy for you . be you freaking out right now ? GEORGE it 's very strange . it 's gonna take I a few day to process it , but it 's a gift and I be go to treat it that way . ( more ) 61 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I learn a lot from be sick and it 's gonna help I make some good choice , and be a good person from now on . int . ira' parent dine room ira be eat with he fairly young mom and he step - father bob . ira and he thank I for help he , and I really think I be a help during this time . I be not say that 's why he get better , but he definitely have good energy and I hear that help you immune system . mom he 's go to pay you two hundred thousand dollar to write a movie script ? ira I do not know , he say one or two hundred thousand . bob one or two hundred thousand ? that 's pretty vague . that 's a wide range . I would push he toward two hundred thousand if I be you . ira thank you for the advice , Bob . that 's very helpful . mom this be good because now you can help with you sister 's college tuition . ira what be you talk about ? mom you young sister get accept to Boston University but , as you know , you father and I be not in the position to pay for it . 62 . ira so I have to ? I just stop work at a supermarket two week ago . I be try to create some financial stability for myself . the first time I make any real money , I can not just give it to she . bob well that 's very selfish . ira well you guy go on a cruise to Greece last year . maybe you should not have go , and save for she college education . mom oh , so after all we have do for you , we can not have any fun ? we should never take a vacation ? ira I have to drop out of college after two year because you could not pay for it . now I have to pay for hers ? let she figure it out . let she get a job . bob I do not realize I raise such a selfish boy . when I be young I would have do anything for my family . ira then sell you house . move into a smaller house . use the extra money to pay for she college . or tell she to work for a year or two , make some money , then she can pay for she own college . no one help I out , I be just digging out from under now . bob do not get so high up on you horse with all you Hollywood friend . I do not like what you be turn into . 63. ira one good thing happen to I in my entire life , and you have to try and take it away and ruin it . mom I do not even know where you come from . bob do not bother show up for Thanksgiving . Thanksgiving be just for family . int . ira' bedroom - day ira be on he computer . Leo and Mark be watch . ira ( type as he talk ) hey George , we be do a orphan 's Thanksgiving tomorrow night , want to come ? it 's just for we loser who do not have any family to eat with . leo he 's not gonna email back . MARK he 's never gonna want to eat Thanksgiving with we . the computer bing . the guy scream in delight . ira ( read email ) sure . what time ? do you need I to bring anything ? ( type back ) 3 o'clock at my apartment . bring wine that we can not afford . the computer bing . ira ( cont 'd ) ( read email ) that 's pretty much all wine on earth . see you then . 64 . MARK ( excite ) email back and say : ( try to make a joke ) if you can , bring that hot chick from you last movie . we definitely have room for she . ( alt ) well , then maybe just bring grain alcohol then . they all start laugh . the computer bing again . ira ( read it ) hey faggot , I know what you be do . stop email I . it 's not amusing anymore . they all start high -- five . leo he call we faggot ! int . ira' apartment - day Mark and Leo be do the cooking . there a few other comedian ( male and female ) float around the apartment . ira watch the parade on tv . Daisy walk up , site down next to ira . daisy what have you be up to ? I have not see you at the improv . ira I have just be busy . will you excuse I ? ira get up , walk out of the room . ext . / int . apartment - day George walk up , ring the bell . Inside the apartment he hear a bit of a scuffle , as if the friend be fight over who can open the door . Leo open the door , sweaty , with a well on he face . 65 . leo hey , George . how be you ? come on in . then Mark appear from the side , also sweaty , with a well on he neck . MARK happy Thanksgiving ? come on in . int . ira' house - dine area - later everyone be seat around the table . it 's very awkward due to George 's presence . it seem to suck the air out of the room . leo we be really glad you could come have Thanksgiving with we . it 's a big thrill . GEORGE it 's weird , I feel like the old guy in the room . when I start out I be always the young guy . it 's strange how fast you become the old guy . and I feel exactly the same . MARK well , you do not know we , but you be with friend and admirer . GEORGE I know you , I have watch you show . " ' nuff Said . " it 's a good show . ira you do not have to lie to he . he know it 's not good . GEORGE no , it 's good , it 's cute . I like it . MARK ( bashful ) I know it 's not that funny , but they do slip in some funny shit in there every now and again . 66 . GEORGE do not be ashamed , it 's good . but what about that girl on the show ? how old be she ? tell I she 's 25 . MARK no , she 's 15 . GEORGE Holy shit ! I feel bad . I do not want to tell you what I do watch that show . be you serious ? she 's 15 ? MARK no , she 's actually 20 . GEORGE okay , good . now I do not feel so bad . they weird friend , futoran , pipe up . futoran I hear you be sick and now you be better . be that like , really ... what 's that like ? GEORGE it 's kinda like 9/11 . you know after 9/11 you kind of like everybody ? but then it go away . it 's like that . leo do you think you be gonna go to heaven ? do you count up you sin ? GEORGE I do not believe in any of that stuff , but I be hope I be head somewhere . I feel like I be . futoran I think you just wind up in the dirt . Worm food . ira come on , futoran , we be about to eat . 67 . GEORGE well , it 's easy to think that way until you be head for the dirt . then you mind open up a little bit , you know ? maybe it 's desperation , or maybe you just start to see more of the big plan . luckily I get a little more time before I find out . Daisy pop she head into the room . daisy food 's ready . GEORGE May I say the prayer ? everyone nod yes . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) everyone hold hand . thank you for the gift this year . thank you for ( this . ) and thank you for ( that . ) and hopefully next year I will get to screw that girl on Mark 's show . all we dream will come true . you guy will get a apartment with less pubic hair on the toilet seat , you will be able to afford a may . maybe next year you guy can get a better celebrity than I . maybe Wolf blitzer will come . I also pray that no one put they ball on this turkey , I be kind of scared you guy be about to give I salmonella poisoning . I know this orphan 's Thanksgiving it 's just a normal Thanksgiving for you guy , but it 's a very special one for I . I be very glad to be here . I be not that glad to be here with you , but I thank you for have I . I be sure it will be very memorable for you . now let 's find out what Leo 's ball taste like . int . live room - later everyone 's sit down watch the football game . George motion to ira , and then look at Daisy as if to say , " be that the girl you use to like ? " 68 . GEORGE ( point at ira ) this guy write I some funny joke for that Mac gig . I ask for some joke and he send I about a hundred . seriously . ( point at Leo ) this guy send I jack shit . if you want to succeed you need a work ethic like ira over here . leo why would not I have send you joke ? you do not ask I for joke . GEORGE sure I do . I ask you and ira to write I joke and you flake . Leo 's eye widen with anger . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( to Daisy ) ira write this joke about leopard , it be really funny . do the joke , ira . ira I do not want to right now . GEORGE it be like , what 's great about . leopard be you can watch a porno , write a porno , shoot a porno , and order a porno all at the same time . this guy 's fuck funny . Leo jump up suddenly and walk out of the room without say anything . ira watch he go , concerned . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( to Daisy and ira ) you guy look like a cute couple , you should go out . daisy well , the truth be we have a date , but I go out with Mark first and he break it off . 69 . ira I do not expect you to blurt it out like that . that be very honest of you . GEORGE if I do not go out with every girl one of my friend sleep with ... let I put it another way . if none of my friend go out with girl I go out with , none of they would have get laid . ( then ) so , be you guy dating now ? daisy no . ira this be make I uncomfortable . the whole thing , it make I uncomfortable . GEORGE you guy be young , why be you take everything so seriously ? as someone who 's be through a lot recently , let I tell you something . the worst thing you can do be hold grudge and be judgmental . everyone 's make mistake , everyone 's screwing up . you guy be cute together . George point at Mark . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I know that Mark 's not good in bed . do not tell I he be a good lay . he can not have a big dick . look at ira . he 's thick . he 's gotta have a thick dick . daisy actually , I have a really skinny vagina , so I be not really into thick . GEORGE see ? she 's funny . she can take a joke , she 's not sensitive . I think I be fall in love with both of you . 70 . George stand . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I be gonna walk away now , cause a awkward moment , that will be follow by a true moment , fill with chemistry . I be walk away now . let the awkwardness begin . George walk out of the room . daisy my brother 's go to freak out that I meet davey . ( to ira ) do you go to the wilco show ? ira I actually scalp they and make a hundred buck . daisy well at last you do not lose any money on the deal . ira I be sorry I get so upset with you , because it show you how much I like you , which be weird because we have hardly speak . I understand all of that . daisy well , attraction be all about smell , pheromone . ira well , you smell right to I . Daisy smile at ira , just as Leo stomp back into the room . he charge right up to ira , piss off . leo you be a fuck prick , you be a piece of shit thief motherfucker . you steal a job from I , you steal my joke . daisy you steal he joke ? 7l . the moment be ruin . ira do not know what to say . CUT to : int . kitchen - moment later Leo pull ira into the other room and go off on he . leo he ask for I to write joke too and you do not tell I ! ira uh...yes . leo you .fucker ! ira I do not think you would want to . leo why would not I want to ? what , I do not like money ? I do not like private jet ? ira I be sorry , it 's just , I need the gig . and you be do so much better than I . I guess I just want this for myself . leo it be not yours to keep for yourself . you lie to I . ira I do . and it be fuck up . and I be sorry . I do not know what to say . leo do not say anything . just get you shit , and get out of the apartment . ira be you serious ? leo you do not get let off the hook for go into faggy apology mode . that be a terrible strategy . ( more ) 72 . leo ( cont 'd ) I do not know what the fuck have happen to you -- but my name be on the lease , and I do not want to live with it . int . car - moment later ira be mad at George for bring up the joke . ira I never tell Leo because I want the gig ? GEORGE I do not know you be fuck over you friend . do not yell at I . ira well I fuck live with you now because he tell I to leave . GEORGE he kick you out for that . ira he say friend do not lie and I be fuck with he career . GEORGE well in a way that 's a compliment to I because he 's so mad he can not hang out with I that 's he mad at you . that 's kind of cool . I get you kick out . ira fuck off . int . george' house - bedroom - night ira be unpack a dufflebag of clothes he grab from he apartment when he be kick out . George pop he head in . GEORGE this should be comfortable in here . this room be almost as big as you old apartment . ira ( through gritt tooth ) thank you for let I stay here . 7 3 . GEORGE no problem . hey , you want to come talk to I while I crash ? ira no . you want to come talk to I while I crash ? CUT to : int . george' bedroom - night George be under the cover . he turn on the tv and he change channel until he find " Charlie Rose . " they be interview a reporter from the New York Times about America 's policy towards Pakistan . GEORGE all right , Charlie . talk to I . George close he eye . int . management company - day George stand in the reception area . receptionist Terry 's ready for you . int . terry dowd be office - moment later GEORGE I be think that now might be a good time for I to make that script " make amend . " terry do you really think people want to see you make a movie about a guy who go to aa but be not really a alcoholic ? he just need the companionship ? that 's a pretty big leave turn . GEORGE I get money . I want to challenge myself . you say you like it . 74 . terry you know , I read it four year ago . I need to read it again . I do not remember not like it . I just can not tell you the studio will make it . you last few movie do not do so well . GEORGE I think they do well overseas . terry you always do well in Australia , but that 's about it . GEORGE what if I do it for no money , just with back - end ? terry I do not know if that 's go to cut it either . the head of the studio do a lot of drink , I do not think he find that whole area funny . maybe if you commit to do another one of the davey movie , I could tie it to that , so they have to do both . GEORGE I 'vedone four davey movie . they wantme to do another sequelto that ? we do not even have ascript . terry wellthere 's this great script goingaround town , happy holiday . whichis about a immature 40 year old man who act like a kid . in it he come home for the holiday season for the first time in ten year . and havoc ensue . you get to make fun of Thanksgiving , and hanukkah and Christmas and New year . they say they can turn it into a davey movie . GEORGE could I at least shoot the make amend movie first ? terry no . 75 . GEORGE maybe I will just write something myself . terry I wish you would . you have never be able to do it in the past . you always talk a big game about write you own shit . but I have yet to see a script land on my desk . int . george' house - dusk George and ira be sit at a large kitchen table . there be a computer on the table and index card . on the floor be a corkboard . ira see , the thing I be think , be ... you always play a immature guy . what if the joke of the movie be you be incredibly smart , intellectual and well - mannered . you just go the opposite way with it . GEORGE there 's nothing funny about be smart . all comedy come from immaturity . buster keaton , Jerry Lewis , the marx Brothers , wc field , Bill Murray , Steve Martin , Charlie chaplin . they be all immature . they be all knucklehead . who want to see a smart guy live he life normally ? what 's funny about that ? what else you get ? ira I . . I gotta go through my note . GEORGE I be think about take a gig , and have a solid hit before get into break new ground . ira well we will still write the script , right ? 76 , GEORGE yeah , if we can come up with a idea . ira let 's just keep bang at it . GEORGE I can not . I have get a date . ira you have a date ? who do you have a date with ? GEORGE this woman my agent set I up with . she raise money for this environmental group . I guess she 's like a normal person . I can not live here alone in this house forever . I need something of significance in my life . so I be gonna go out on some date . no pressure . ira you know what you should do , just as a experiment ? you should try and not fuck she ? GEORGE why would you say that ? ira because you be always say you do not know if woman like you for who you be . you do not know if they like you because you have money or you be famous . why not take some time and get to know they before ass -raping they . in a romantic way . GEORGE that 's insulting . do not take out you frustration on I because you can not get laid by act like I be some sort of deviant . I be a adult . I have adult sexual relationship . no one do what they do not want to do . sex be how people decide if they like each other . I be testing my compatibility by ass -raping they . 77 . ira see , you can not do it . you can not even entertain the idea of get to know somebody for a month before sleep with they . GEORGE that 's not true . I be bored of sex , anyway . there be literally no body - part / orifice combination I have not experiment with . there be nothing leave to do . there be no nationality I have not . sleep with , no age group I have not sleep with . I be fully ready for normal . ira what nationality have you sleep with ? GEORGE US . Canada . Mexico . England . France . Spain . North Korea . burma . rwanda . kenya . tibet. Serbia . Chechnya . Iran . the Green Zone. Darfur . the killing field of Cambodia . Mongolia . what about you ? ira New Jersey . do handjob count ? because then also California . int . restaurtant - night George be talk with rachel WARWICK . GEORGE you know , I have not be out on a blind date , ever . this may be the first one . rachel oh I go out on they all the time . I have be on a bunch of J date . GEORGE what 's J date ? rachel it 's a website where jewish people find each other . 78 . GEORGE so it 's just a list of all the jewish people ? I think we do not like to be track and monitor like that . she look at he , do not get the joke . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you know , because of the ... holocaust . rachel ( not understanding ) it 's just a great way for like - minded people to meet . GEORGE what if you do not like Jews ? she just stare at he . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I be joke . ( a beat ) so , uh , I hear you raise uh money for a environmental group . that must be very satisfy . rachel it be , because , fix the environment be really about have enough of a war chest to sue local government and corporation so they be force to observe the environmental statute that be already on the book . we also try to put pressure on the government to put pressure on other country to clean up they environmental act . you know , one dilapidate factory in China can produce more pollution than every car in America put out in one year . GEORGE see ? that 's why I still drive a big truck . I stop drive that truck and that factory shut down . " 79 rachel ( not smile ) I know you be joke , but it 's a very serious situation . people like you do a lot of damage to the environment . whether it 's take a private jet by yourself , or get drive around town limo around town or live in you gas-guzzle house . you carbon footprint be huge . GEORGE you know what they say about people with a big carbon footprint ? Big dick . int . ira' bedroom - morning George come in and wake ira up . GEORGE come on . we be gonna go do a gig tonight . up north . and you be gonna open up for I . ira how big a theater ? GEORGE I think two thousand . ira you should have tell I so I could have prepare . I have never play a place that big . how long do you want I to do ? GEORGE twenty minute . thirty , if you can get there . ira shit . GEORGE dress nice . ticket be expensive . ira I do not own anything nice . 80 . int . car - day the ira be drive George 's mercede . George sit in player . backseat watch " cloverfield " on a build - in dvd we see image of different part of California . ira how fuck up north be this ? GEORGE its near San Francisco . ira so we have like five more hour to drive ? GEORGE it 's not that far . it 's like two more movie . ira I do not like how you make I you limo driver . it 's weird you be in the back and I be up here . GEORGE I would sit up front but the dvd player be back here . ira I can not even listen to the radio because you be watch the movie . can I sit back there and you drive ? GEORGE no. I be near-sighted . I will miss the exit . we lear a explosion from the movie . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Holy shit ! ira what happen ? GEORGE the monster show himself . 81 . ira ( sarcastic ) great . ext . theater - dusk the car pull up to the theater . int . theater - moment later one of the manager walk George and ira through the back of the theater toward the dress room . they walk across the stage and we see the empty 2,000 seat theater . ira be freak out . int . dressing room George and ira be sit in the dress room , nibble from the fruit tray . there 's a knock at the door . a Security person escort Laura into the dress room . ira be throw . GEORGE hey , you make it . LAURA I would not have miss it for the world , thanks for invite I . GEORGE you remember ira . LAURA hi ira . be you perform tonight ? ira I be afraid so . I have be tell if I be good it warm the crowd , and if I be bad it make they want George more , so ... LAURA you look great . how be you feel ? GEORGE I be hang in there . 82. LAURA I think a lot about you after I leave . GEORGE I too . LAURA well the show be go to start in a minute , I better get to my seat . I just want to say hi . do not be too dirty tonight , you know that make I uncomfortable . GEORGE now I have no joke . ira , you have to do a hour and half . she laugh . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) come by after and give I the review . LAURA okay . break a leg . she exit . ira you do not tell she that you be not sick anymore ? why would not you tell she ? GEORGE I need you to do something for I . after you set I give you a seat right next to she . during the intermission I want yq.u to tell she I be not sick anymore . ira I ? why do you want I to tell she ? GEORGE because it 's weird , and emotional . I think she will handle it better if it come from somebody else . and then I can talk to she about it afterwards . 83. ira that 's weird . GEORGE she will be happy . it 's not weird . you be the bearer of good news . ira you have to do this to I right before my set . like I be not nervous enough . CUT to : int . theater ira be perform on stage , do he set . he 's do really well . this theater crowd be very enthusiastic about be there and give he the benefit of the doubt on most of he joke . as he continue he set , he get more confident and , for the first time in the film , we think he have the potential to be a strong comic . int . theater - intermission Laura be sit in she seat by herself . ira make he way across the aisle and sit down next to she . LAURA ira . oh my gosh . you be so good . ira you seem surprised . LAURA I do not know , you seem so nervous . but you be really solid all the way though , and you end hunk really murder . ira thank you . hopefully George will not be mad if I tired the audience out . LAURA I do not think he have anything to worry about . they always go crazy for he . before he get famous , he use to bomb all the time . ( more ) 84 . LAURA ( cont 'd ) and that 's when I think he be the funniest . and now that everyone know he , it 's a little too easy for he , I think . no one be funnier when the audience hate he than George . he love it . ira so you guy be dating right when he start do well ? LAURA yeah . but you always know he be gonna do well . he have so much charisma . he would walk into a room and in ten minute that whole room would be about he . even before anyone know who he be . ira where do you meet he ? LAURA I be the hat - check girl at the improv . and I be act . I use to do guest spot on all that show , like melrose place , beverly Hills 90210 . I always play the bitch . I do not know why , but I be on the top of the bitch list . ira you do not seem like a bitch . LAURA that 's because I be act . ira sound like fun day . LAURA it be , for awhile . reveal George in the wing try to get a look at they from a distance . ira I do not know if you have hear , but it look like George 's medicine be work . LAURA what do you mean ? 85 . ipa when George get sick they do not think they have any medicine that would help , so they put he on experimental medicine . and the last time he go to the doctor they could not detect he blood disease . they think it might be go . a moment as Laura take this in . LAURA why do not George tell I ? ira he just find out . he do not want to jinx it . he do not want people to get excited , and then have it come back again . the light go down . announcer ( o.s. ) lady and gentlemen . here 's the man you come to see . George simmon . the place explode . ira ( joking ) I think everyone come to see I . George begin he act . he could not kill harder . or look more healthy and charismatic . we can tell it be all a show for Laura . Laura be completely throw by this turn of event . the content of George 's act be mean to portray he in a more positive , sympathetic light to Laura . he talk about be sick and the lesson he learn in a very dark , hilarious , and also uplift way . all of it be intend to make he look like he have grow up and become wiser , and someone you could trust and spend you life with . int . dressing room - after the show Laura be talk to George and ira . 86 . LAURA I really do not know what to say . it 's not like you be not good before , but you act be so much more sophisticated , but just as funny . I have never see you speak so honestly on stage before . you use to say this goofy joke . it be really something , you know , and you should be really proud of yourself . GEORGE thanks . a lot have happen . and at least I get some good joke out of it . LAURA well , thanks for invite I . I be really glad I come . GEORGE ira and I be drive out of town tomorrow , I think maybe we could stop by you place on we way out . I want to see what the ranch look like , and meet you husband . LAURA my husband be actually in China for another week , or so . he spend a lot of time there help american business break into that market . so you will not meet he this time , but it would be great if you come by . that would be fun . I will give you the tour . GEORGE okay . we will come by in the morning . LAURA okay . a awkward beat . Laura give ira a hug goodbye , then hug George goodbye , try to make it appear as if they have equal weight . LAURA ( cont 'd ) bye . I will see you then . she look at ira . as she exit -- 87 . LAURA ( cont 'd ) you be good too . ira why do we have to stop by there tomorrow ? the drive be long enough as it be . George open up he wallet , give ira a thousand dollar . GEORGE here 's you money for tonight . good job . ira I be excited to see she ranch . I hear it 's delightful . int . HOTEL room - night ira and George be in a room that have two queen-size bed . they each lay on they bed in the dark . ira why could not we have get two different room ? GEORGE what 's the fun in that ? you can go pay for you own room , I do not care . ira so , what happen with you and Laura ? you seem to get along so well . why do you cheat on she ? GEORGE I be young , stupid ... and I like fuck girl . why do you think I cheat ? you would do it too if anyone would fuck you . ira how many time do you cheat on she ? GEORGE two or three time ...a week ... for a couple of year . 88. ira Jesus . GEORGE it be awful . there be even marriage talk . my parent do not want I to do it because she be not jewish . she be take class to convert , even . I mean , how cool be that ? she be change religion to be with I . she know more about be a Jew than I do from that class . she be so cute when she speak Hebrew , it sound so wrong . George say the jewish grand prayer with a waspy accent . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) and then one day , somebody tell she , I do not know who . and that be that . ira why do you want to go see she tomorrow ? we could do something productive like get some write do . GEORGE I like she . I love she . I miss she . I just want to spend a little time with she . I know nothing will come of it . I just miss be around she . a beat . George start click through video on -- demand adult movie . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) anything look good to you ? ira I do not want to watch adult movie with you . GEORGE okay . you want to watch juno ? ira okay . 89 . juno begin play . CUT to : ext . laura' ranch - day George and ira drive up to the house . it 's a large one - story house that be part of a ranch with a lot of land and a horse stable . they walk to the front door , ring the doorbell . George seem ; a little nervous . ira you okay , buddy ? GEORGE yeah , of course I be . Laura open the door . LAURA hi ? we have be wait for you . come on in . int . laura' ranch - continuous GEORGE this place be beautiful . LAURA thanks . we have be here for five year . I think I just finish decorate it . she lead they through the live room into a huge open kitchen . on the island , there be freshly squeeze lemonade , chip and dip . she have over - prepare for they arrival . ira can I live here ? LAURA of course , you can clean the stable . GEORGE you have horse ? 90 . LAURA yes . Clarke , my husband , be a real city boy . but for some reason he love horse . of course I be lef t to take care of they . but yes , we have three horse . ira that 's crazy , own a horse . I can not even keep a goldfish alive . GEORGE all right , well , we be ready for the big tour . I want to see how you live . suddenly , Laura 's five - year- old daughter ingrid run into the room and she 's piss . ingrid Mom ! you say you be come back ! we be play american idol , you be ruin the game ! ira be shocked to see that Laura have a child . this complicate a situation he already think be get too complicated . LAURA I will come right up . this be my friend , George . and ira . ingrid it 's my turn to sing and you be suppose to be the judge and you be not in there and I be very angry ! ira how old be you ? ingrid five . but I turn six very soon . ira really ? because I think you be like nine , about to turn ten . GEORGE she 's very pretty . ( to ingrid ) I like you hair . ingrid I be so sick of people tell I they like my hair . George be clearly not that good with kid . GEORGE okay . I do not like you hair . ingrid do not make fun of I . LAURA he 's just joke ingrid . ira my hair . I have curly hair too . curly hair be the best . ingrid last week my mom straighten it and it almost go to the floor . ira if you straighten my hair , I look crazy . I look like the killer from no country for Old Men . have you see that movie ? mable , Laura 's ten-year- old daughter storm into the room . mable you guy leave I all alone in the playroom ! if you be gonna leave I be just gonna go talk on the webcam with caroline . LAURA do not be rude . this be ira and George . mable oh , I know you . my mom watch you movie all the time . but most of they I be not allow to see . George smile at ira -- Laura 's a little bust . GEORGE oh , really ? do you like they ? which one 's you favorite ? 92 . mable I do not know . I do not really like the one I be allow to see , but I think I would like the one I be not allow to see . but she say I cant ' see they till I be sixteen . GEORGE sixteen ? just fast - forward past the bad part . LAURA the whole thing be a bad part . George laugh in a slightly flirty fashion with Laura . ira be get uncomfortable with the subtext . LAURA ( cont ' D ) c'mon , let 's finish the game . int . playroom George , ira , Laura , and mable be sit on the floor . ingrid stand on a make - shift stage sing a Miley Cyrus song while wear a feather boa and sunglass and a red wig . ingrid ( sing ) you have get the best of both world . rock it out take it slow . and then you rock out the show ! everyone applaud for she . LAURA okay . now it 's time to see what the judge say . I think you have a lot of energy , you be clearly gonna make it to the final four , and I love you outfit . what do you think , Randy ? ira yo , dawg . that be the bomb . it be a little pitchy in place , but I dig it . I really dig it . mable .i be Simon , and I think it be horrible . I do not how you make it this far in the competition . ( more ) 9 1 mable ( cont 'd ) I think Paula be drunk . you will never be american idol . LAURA mable , stop it . stop be mean to you sister . say something nice . mable ( annoyed ) you be good . LAURA okay , you be not Simon anymore . ( to George ) Simon , what do you think ? GEORGE I can not believe I be say this , but I agree with Paula . I think you be the one to beat . they all applaud . ira notice Laura look at George with admire eye that reek of more than friendship . LAURA okay mable , you be up . mable instantly start gyrate in a manner that be not appropriate for a ten-year - old and sing the fergie song " London Bridge . " mable ( singing ) I want to go down like London , London . LAURA I tell you not to do that . Simon , what do you think ? ingrid she be horrible ! she 's a terrible singer ! she 's inappropriate ! LAURA okay , who 's next ? Randy ? ira I do not know , dawg . it be a bad song choice . I be not feel it . GEORGE my turn . get ready to be blow away . 94 . George get up on stage . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( singing ) take I down to the paradise city . where the grass be green and the girl be pretty . oh , will not you please take I home . ( faster ) just a urchin livin ' under the street , I be a hard case that 's tough to beat . I be you charity case so buy I something ' to eat . I will pay you at another time ! take it to the end of the line ! mable boo ! ingrid boo ! GEORGE what ? it 's paradise City , by gun and rose . ingrid you sound like a girl ! mable vote he off ! ext . ranch - day Laura sit on a atv . George sit behind she . ira be on another atv with ingrid sit in front of he , as he steer . mable ride a very small dirt bike . LAURA all right ! here we go . they start drive down a path that go around the edge of the ranch . George have he hand around Laura 's waist as they drive . ira look over , concerned . int . barn - day Laura show they they horse , chicken , goat and duck . 95 . ext . ranch - day Laura point out a small pond and a fence - in riding area . Laura slow down and allow ira , mable and ingrid to get ahead and turn a corner . then she stop the atv and turn around and kiss George . George look surprised , but happy . Laura just stare at he , try to decide what she make of he now . then we hear o.s. mable ( o.s. ) Mom ! Mom ! Laura hit the gas and they continue the tour . int . laura' ranch - later the kid be play in the background as George , Laura and ira talk . GEORGE ira , Laura invite we to stay over for dinner . ira but it 's like a seven , eight hour drive home . if we stay for dinner , we be not go to get home till like four in the morning . George stare at ira for a beat , then -- GEORGE do not worry , we will figure it out . you have something to do in the morning ? ira no . GEORGE then everything will be fine . LAURA I and George be gonna go to the supermarket and buy some food so I can cook dinner . you think you will be okay watch the kid ? it will only take forty - five minute . 96 . ira sure . I be great with kid . I be a camp counselor for five year . Camp winadu . kid love I . I be like a human teddy bear . CUT to : int . laura' suv - day Laura be drive through town . George sit in the passenger seat . GEORGE this town be so small and adorable . it 's like out of a demi Moore movie . LAURA Clarke 's company be about forty - five minute from here . this town seem so perfect when we be look for a house . there 's no traffic , there 's one coffee house , one bookstore , one market . no crime . but after you have live she a few year you hunger for another coffee shop , a bigger bookstore , and a little crime . it get so boring . and it 's such a small town , God forbid you miss one of you kid 's soccer game , they put the scarlet letter on you . GEORGE it can not be that bad . you live on a pretty little ranch . you have horse , a duck . it must be a nice life . LAURA we use to have so much fun . I do not think I have that much fun anymore . I do not like who I be turn into . be the fun over ? I have to get up every morning at six , drive my kid to school and then I have 6 hour before I have to pick they up . I have to yell at they to do they homework , be a taskmaster , then I make they dinner . ( more ) 97 . LAURA ( cont 'd ) it take a hour to shower they and put they to bed . and then it 's 8:30 and I pass out . and it 's great , but tuck . and when both kid be do with high school I will be 49 year old , and then I will have probably 6 very healthy year , then I will kind of slow down and then I will be a old woman . and that be it . and it 's great , but fuck . GEORGE I could not believe you move out of LA . you be get some good job as a actress . you get to play the bitch on melrose place for awhile and make out with Andrew shue . that be pretty good . do you miss it ? LAURA yes . be a mom be very fulfil , but there be other part of I and every once in awhile I go a little crazy . GEORGE how do you go crazy ? LAURA I just get bored and depressed . and you know how my pms be kind of out of control . this little boy hit ingrid in school , and he mom act like she do not care at all , so I tell she to fuck off . they both laugh . GEORGE oh , that must have get ugly . how long do that stay awkward for ? LAURA ( joking ) always . that woman hate I . and I hate she . and now we kid really like each other , so it 's really fuck up . GEORGE maybe you be not act on melrose place . 98 . she laugh . LAURA screw you . int . laura' ranch - day ira , mable and ingrid be make elaborate paper mache head . as they do it , ira be lead they in the type of song you would sing at camp . int . laura' suv - day LAURA and my husband cheat on I , say he do it once but I know because I learn from you , they do it once , they do it all the time . you either cheat or you do not . GEORGE well I do not anymore . I have not cheat on anybody since you . I have not even be in a commit relationship since you , so it 's impossible for I to have cheat . LAURA that 's both flatter and deeply disturbing . GEORGE I think a lot about you when I be sick , and I would do anything for another chance . I know it create a mess , but I think it would be worth it . I think we both know it 's what we should be do . he kiss she . LAURA we can not go the supermarket . GEORGE why ? LAURA because people will see we . 99 . GEORGE so ? what 's wrong with that ? LAURA well it will be weird because we be about to do something we should not do . ext . laura' ranch - day ira , mable and ingrid be outside at a table building house out of popsicle stick . ira if you have a exacto knife we could cut this stick in half and make a chimney . mable ( sadly ) when be George gonna die ? ingrid George be gonna die ? ira why would you say that ? mable I hear my mom talk to she friend about it on the phone and cry . ingrid I do not want George to die . mable what do you care ? you just meet he . ira George be gonna be fine . mable they tell I my grandfather would not die , but he do . ira here 's the truth . George be really sick . ( more ) 100 . ira ( cont 'd ) but he go to the doctor and they find the right medicine and now he 's better . and he 's gonna live a long time . the kid buy it , and ira seem relieved . mable I think my mom 's in love with he . ira look doubly disturb . he quickly go back to he popsicle stick . ext . laura' ranch - guest house George and Laura park in the driveway , then sneak around to a back guest house . int . guest house - day George and Laura enter the guest house , which have be turn into she husband 's office / playroom / sport -view room . on the wall be six enormous flatscreen tvs . the room be also fill with sport memorabilia in lucite case and expensive look sport photography . GEORGE do somebody in you family like sport ? they start passionately make out , slamm into the flatscreen . LAURA I really never think I be go to see you again . I grieve for you like you be dead . they continue to kiss . suddenly she stop . LAURA ( cont 'd ) I can not do this . GEORGE then let 's not do it . she stare at he , try to figure out what he 's become -- be he a good guy or a bad guy ? LAURA I gotta get back to the kid . 101 . int . latjra' ranch - entryway - day Laura and George be walk into the house . they be not hold any bag . they walk into the live room where ira be make a spongebob squarepant puzzle on the floor with mable and ingrid . ira you be back . that be quick . GEORGE the town be beautiful . ira where be the grocery ? LAURA we decide order in might be a little more fun . int . live room - a little later everyone be sit on the couch watch ratatouille on the television . they see car light in the driveway . LAURA food 's here ! all right , everybody . let 's sit down at the kitchen table . everyone get up and head toward the kitchen . Laura open the front door , George be a few step behind she . a handsome man of forty appear . this be not the pizza guy . it 's clark , Laura 's husband . LAURA ( cont 'd ) Clarke , oh my gosh . what be you do home ? clarke the man I be suppose to have a meeting with have a heart attack , if you can believe that . so I decide to try and sneak home for a few day before my next set of meeting . George appear behind Laura , not know what he 's get himself into . 102 . GEORGE oh. hello . clarke hello . LAURA oh , Clarke . George have a performance last night in town , which I go to , and he and he open act , ira , come by to say hello on they way out of town . there be a awkward moment , then Clarke smile and give George a compassionate look , the type of look you give a man you think be die . clarke it be really nice to meet you , George . Laura talk about you all the time , and we be obviously big fan of you movie . GEORGE well , thank you . you have get a great family and a great home . LAURA I be so glad you be home , honey . Laura give Clarke a hug and a peck . then ira walk over . ira what 's take so long with the pizza ? before anyone can say anything the pizza delivery guy appear in the doorway . pizza delivery guy hi . that will be twenty - eight forty - seven , please . int . kitchen - early evening everyone be seat for dinner , include the kid . ira ( nervously ) this be really great pizza . thank you very much . ( more ) 103 . ira ( ccnt 'd ) it taste just like New York pizza , which be so surprising because you can not get good pizza in Los Angeles , so you would not think you could get it in Northern California . but this really taste like New York pizza . a long pause . GEORGE sound like you business be go very well . clarke people never think China would do this much business with we , you know , but it do not seem like a risky proposition for I . they have get a billion people , we make all kind of cool shit in America , they start find out about it on the internet and what - not . sooner or later they be gonna find a way to get we shit . LAURA he speak chinese . for real . ingrid yell at something in chinese . clarke you do not think they want new mobile phone ? a new X - box ? I be try to get access into North Korea , no shit . that situation could chance overnight . that be a huge market wait to be tapped . it 's already start in Cuba . ira my friend backpack across China and he catch some sort of virus or something from what he eat . he be sickforweek . he still have it . it 'sthekind of thing you can not getridof , you have it for the restofyour life , but it stay dormant . clarke so , George . how be you hold up ? 104 . GEORGE uh ... I be hang in there . clarke how be you feel ? LAURA he 's do really well . he 's be very strong . clarke it 's a terrible situation . I be so sorry . GEORGE I appreciate that . LAURA he 's be fight the good fight . his doctor be take very good care of he . ira can believe this conversation be happen . clarke you be a tougher man than I . I do not know how I could go about my day with that hang over my head . GEORGE it just make you appreciate every moment . it bring thing into focus , you suddenly realize what 's important in life . LAURA do anybody want second ? or should I bring out the desert ? ira I would love desert . what do you have ? do you have any ice cream or cake , or anything like that ? I have a real big sweet tooth right now . why do not we go into the kitchen and do a ice cream bar with kid right now ? I have get a better idea , I make a really good milkshake . we should all go make milkshake with the kid right now in the kitchen . 105 . tnt . live room empty milkshake litter the coffee table . clarke do you know who might be able to help you ? a chinese doctor . have you explore Eastern medicine at all ? LAURA now 's not the time to talk about this . clarke I be try to help the man . GEORGE no , I have not . clarke hey . I be the last guy who would buy into that shit , but it work . LAURA he really be the last guy who would buy into that shit . clarke we country 's only two hundred year old . the chinese have be around for thousand of year figure this shit out . how I get into it , I have acid ref lux and nothing be work and then this guy at work turn I onto a chinese doctor and he give I some herb that taste like dogshit , but they work . LAURA ( nervously ) I take herb for my pms . they really help . mable daddy , you have be cursing a lot . you owe I a dollar for every curse . I think you owe I fifty dollar . 106 . ingrid this conversation be scare I . I do not want George to die . clarke you girl can go play in the other room . the chinese have a completely different way of look at health . they do not think doctor should attack the disease in the body , they be all about try to support the body and make it stronger , so the body can fight off the disease . it work . I have see it . I wish I could find a way to mass - market chinese medicine in this country . someone 's gonna do it and make a fuck - load of money . because this people get old , really old . you can not kill this people . ira either that or they be all young and they just look like shit . Clarke laugh . clarke this guy 's funny . you should be open up for this guy . hey , who want a drink ? ext . ranch - night everyone be take a walk around the ranch . it be very pretty outside . clarke I be go to retire in seven year . I be do . I be play golf for the next fifty year . work hard now , then get out . that 's my plan . I be put in the time . then I be get the fuck out . I do not like work . I will do it . I like what it get I . but I do not like it . GEORGE you ever see Laura act ? she be quite a actress in she day . 107 . LAURA George , stop . clarke that 's what I hear . can not say I watch that much ' melrose place ' back in the day . she keep tell I to watch the video but , you know , I be never a big ' Party of five ' fan . LAURA well , I also run a theatre company . and it be down to I and cameron diaz for ' the mask . ' I sacrifice a lot for we family . clarke okay , if you say so . ( a beat ) the mask be a funny fuck movie . you know what other movie cameron diaz be great in ? ' there 's something about Mary . ' Laura look livid at she husband 's insensitivity and disrespect . they keep walk . clarke ( cont 'd ) I love walk it off after a big meal . GEORGE it 's beautiful here at night . LAURA there 's no pollution here like in LA so you can actually see the star . ira they be beautiful , but we have to get go . we have a really long drive to get back to Los Angeles . clarke you can not leave now , you will not get back until daylight . you should crash in the guest house . I be sure it not as fancy pants as where you live , George , but it 's better than drive all night or crash at a hotel . ( more ) 108 . clarke ( cont 'd ) and if you want to hang out tomorrow I just install six flatscreen , we can watch all the football game we want . and dog - racing from Florida . there 's a big game tomorrow . ira , you must have play some ball in you day . ira no , I be just big-bon . GEORGE we probably should get some rest before the drive . all right , show we to we quarter , sir . int . guest bedroom - middle of the night George sleep on the bed . ira sleep on a couch across the room . the door slowly open , Laura enter wear a bathrobe . she walk to the bed and quietly slip under the cover , remove she bathrobe in the process . without ever speak , she pull the cover over both of they and begin to make love to he . George be surprised but not completely shocked and go along happily with it . angle on : ira , he never wake up . int . kitchen - morning clarke you sure you can not stay ? ira we really do need to get back . I have to visit my mom . I can not miss it . it 's she birthday . everyone in my family be come in from across the country for it . she 's turn 65 . it 's very important we get back for it . LAURA that 's too bad , I wish you could stay . clarke ( very serious ) I wish I could say I be gonna see you again , but I can not say that . his eye start to mist up . 109 . LAURA Clarke , do not . you do not need to do that . clarke you know what ? I think I do need to do that . one thing I learn in China from some Buddhist friend of mine be it 's important to have a open heart , to live in the moment , and to speak the truth to each other . so I would like to say to you , George , that it be a great pleasure to meet someone who have such a big impact on my wife 's life . I really like you . and wish we have more time to get to know each other . and I wish you a peaceful end to you journey . and another great journey on the other side of it . Clarke hug George . GEORGE I really do not know what to say . I be - ally do not know what to say . LAURA that be beautiful , honey . well let I walk they to the car . ingrid walk over . ingrid do not be sad . ira tell we that he medicine be work and he 's not sick anymore . mable I think that be a secret . I do not think you be suppose to say that . clarke mable , take ingrid into the house . mable can we watch another spongebob movie ? atlantis . squarepantis ? 110 . clarke yes . go into the house and watch a movie now ! mable and ingrid walk back to the house . clarke ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be go on around here ? ( to Laura ) be that true ? LAURA I never say that he be still sick . he just take some medicine and it 's look better . you can not detect it in he blood , but it could come back . clarke be it look better ? or be he better ? ( to ira ) be he sick anymore ? ira well ... I do not how you define this thing - I be not ... sure . clarke be something go on here ? be you get you revenge on I while I be away ? I come clean with you , you can not come clean with I . LAURA you know what ? I do not know what I want now . ira oh shit . it 's on . clarke so this be what you want ? be he ever sick in the first place ? ira he be sick . he be very sick . clarke because if this be what you want , I will leave right now . I be not go to play this game . I be happy to leave . I be not gonnna have you put I on the cross because I make some mistake . you guy enjoy each other . I could give a fuck . if you need I , I will be at my apartment in China . Clarke leave . int . children' bedroom - night mable and ingrid be asleep . int . master bedroom - night Laura be alone in she room , cry . ( she might be on the phone , talk honestly with a friend . ) int . guest room - night George lay on the bed . ira be pace around the room . ira what the fuck be go on ? do you guy do something ? GEORGE we have sex in Clarke 's office . ira why ? GEORGE because I love she . she 's the best thing that 's ever happen to I . ira but she have two kid , she 's marry . GEORGE she 's miserable . he cheat on she . ira you cheat on she . 112 . GEORGE yeah , but that be a long time ago . I have change . you see that douche bag . you do not think he 's fuck geishas on every business trip ? ira he be try to cure you with herb . he seem like a great guy . GEORGE this be none of you fuck business . just stay out of it . ira I can not stay out of it . we take you car here . I have no way of leave . GEORGE this shit be deeper than you understand . people get divorced . people make mistake and then they fix they . that 's how life work . it 's not a big deal . I know you be still sad because you parent get divorced . well get the fuck over it . call a fuck cab and go home . ira so what be we gonna do ? GEORGE you be gonna sleep in Clarke 's office . I be gonna go talk to Laura . int . laura' study - later George walk into the room , discover Laura on the computer , go through papers . she be smoking a joint . GEORGE on , there you be . I have be look for you . LAURA I have be go through all the bank statement , try to figure out which be in he name and which be in mine . ( more ) 113 LAURA ( cont -c ) almost all the account be in he name . I wonder if he do that on purpose . GEORGE be you smoking a joint ? LAURA yeah . my best friend Nancy grow this stuff on a hill by she house . you want some ? GEORGE no , that stuff make I paranoid . LAURA not I . it make I feel sharper , some people get tired , I get more energy , more clear . GEORGE what 's happen ? LAURA what 's happen ? whatever we want to happen be gonna happen now . I be free . I be fuck free . Laura get up , kiss he . LAURA ( cont 'd ) we be free . GEORGE ( nervously ) yeah , we be free . they start kissing again . she start to moan loudly . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) not so loud , you kid be sleep . LAURA a tank could roll through this place , it would not wake they up . they kiss some more . she moan louder . int . laura' ranch - guest room ira call Daisy on the phone , in a panic about what be happen . 114 . daisy ( v.0 . ) hello ? ira ( on phone ) hey , Daisy . it 's ira . daisy ( v.0 . ) oh. ira . what 's go on ? ira I just want to talk to you because I be in the middle of a terrible situation and I do not have anyone I can talk about it with . my friend be all mad at I and George be kind of lose he mind . daisy ( v.0 . ) you can tell I , what be it ? ira look , I know you think I have the moral code of some guy from the 5as like dwight eisenhower , but I be with George and he 's hit on he ex-girlfriend who 's marry now and have kid and I do not know what to do . I be kind of freaking out . I think I be have a panic attack . daisy ( v.0 . ) well do not have a panic attack , that 's not go to help anything . ira well tell I to not have a panic attack be not go to stop it . daisy ( v.0 . ) ( scream at the top of she lung ) don't have a panic attack !!! ira haha , very funny . daisy ( v.0 . ) seriously , what 's go on ? ira well I guess they date like ten year ago ... 115 . ira and Daisy begin to have a bond conversation . music up - music that make it feel like a new day , the beginning of a new era . int . kitchen - morning Laura , George , ira , mable and ingrid be happily cooking and eat breakfast . they look like a happy , strange kid of family . ext . ranch - day numerous image of they horse - back riding . ira look terrify . ext . pond - day they be all fishing , feed duck . int . grove - day they pick lemon out of a tree . ext . wood - day they be riding atvs while they dog chase they . ext . wood - day the kid be climb a tree . Laura be spot they . George pull ira aside . GEORGE ( exhausted ) Jesus Christ , what time be it already ? ira it 's 10:15 in the morning . GEORGE oh my god . really ? I mean , this be fun , but I do not know how much I can take . hopefully they will take a nap at some point . I want to take a nap . 116 . ira they do not look that tired . the kid be yell and scream and clearly have eight more hour in they . int . restaurtant - day George , Laura , ira , and the kid be seat at a table . the kid be coloring with crayon . mable look what I do . I want this hang up on the wall . she show they the picture , which be clearly not appropriate for the wall : a picture of herself choke and die . mable ( cont 'd ) the food here make I sick . ingrid mama , I have to go to the bathroom . come wipe my butt . LAURA I have to talk to they for a minute . mable , go wipe you sister 's butt . mable she can do it . she 's almost six . that 's weird . ingrid and mable walk off together . ira I wet the bed till I be eleven . it be not even a mental thing . I just get relaxed when I be asleep . LAURA I speak to Clarke . he 's go to fly back to China tonight . I be think about drive to the airport and meeting he there and tell he that when he come back , he should find another place to live . 117 . GEORGE that 's great . be you okay do that ? LAURA yes . it 's what I want . I just need to figure out when we would move down to LA . it might be better to let the kid finish out the school year because I have to apply to the private school in LA , and I do not know if I miss the deadline . then I would have to look into the charter school . sometimes this private school , if you give they a donation , they let you kid in . maybe you can stay up here for part of the year if I can not make it happen . GEORGE sure . if I be not shoot a movie , or on tour or something , that would be great . Laura lean in and kiss George . George be not big on public display of affection . he kiss back , but you can tell that he 's very uncomfortable . they hear the kid head back to the table and quickly separate . mable I make she wipe she own butt . ingrid I do it , but I do not know if I do a good job . ( to George ) look at what I draw . I draw a picture of you . look ? show mama . George hold it up . it be a picture of several people . ingrid ( cont 'd ) that 's you . that 's George . that 's mommy . and daddy . and I . and mable . that 's all of we . we see the picture , and it be everybody hold hand . 118. int . bookstore - day George and ira be walk around a very small bookstore . GEORGE this be a small bookstore . they have only get one Philip roth book . do not he write like fifty book ? ira so when be we go to go home ? you be not talk at all about when we be go to go home . GEORGE she 's go to talk to Clarke tonight , and then she 's go to make a plan . we have get to get over that hurdle . ira be you okay with everything ? this be happen pretty fast . GEORGE this be exactly what I want . ira okay . GEORGE I mean , she 's cool , right ? ira she 's nice . I do not really know she very well . GEORGE she be kind of cooler when I know she back in the day . she 's still hot , but she be crazy hot back then . her attitude have change a bit . with the kid and all . back then she be really sexy , and all about fuck . I know she 's busy with she life now , but it be a little different . ira yeah , well when you have two kid and a husband , and horse and duck , it 's not all about fuck . ( more ) 119 , ira ( cont 'd ) that 's just the hormone of youth . I be all about fuck . but I do not expect to be when I get older . I will be occasionally about fuck , which be normal . the fact that you be all about fuck now be the weird thing . GEORGE well hopefully everything will work out . if it do not , it just be not mean to be . ira what do that mean ? GEORGE it mean I be go to give it a shot . I be excited , but I be not go to really know if it work until we be in it . I hope I be just not in love with the person she use to be . ira she 's about to leave she husband for good . she have two kid . you be not sure this be go to work ? GEORGE there 's no way to ever be sure that anything 's go to work ! I could not live up here . she want I to live up here . I do not think I can do it . maybe a couple of week a year . ira well , she will live with you . GEORGE do you think she mean that she 's go to bring the kid too ? ira of course . what else would she do ? GEORGE I do not know , do not some man get custody of the kid ? or they split the custody ? I like the kid , but I have never live with kid before . ( more ) 120 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) the young one 's kind of cute , but I do not think I can stand the old one full time . there 's too much go on there . but I could definitely tolerate the young one . she 's cute . maybe they can split kid . maybe Clarke will take the annoying one . ira just stare at he , not sure what to do . ext . laura' ranch - night George kiss Laura , and then she get in she car . LAURA I will be back in a hour and a half , top . and then it all begin . GEORGE okay , call I if you need any backup . LAURA I love you . GEORGE ( really uncomfortable ) I .. . love you . the car drive off . int . laura' ranch - night ira be on the floor with the kid . he watch the headlight of Laura 's car disappear down the driveway . George walk back into the room . GEORGE okay , I be go to go into the other room and watch some tv . ira you do not want to hang with the kid ? GEORGE Nah , I be go to watch four hockey game at once . I have never do that . 121. ira okay , but I have get to run out and grab some cigarettes . GEORGE but you do not smoke . ira I never smoke in front of you because you be sick . but I do . int . / ext . george' car - night ira drive in a panic . ira Holy shit , holy shit . where 's the fuck airport around here ? ira try to figure out how to work the navigation system in a panic . he can not make it work . int . laura' ranch - night George be watch the kid . he be not good with they , so it be very weird . ingrid ( o.s. ) George ! help ! George jump up and run to she . she be in the bathroom sit on the toilet . ingrid ( cont 'd ) can you wipe my butt ? GEORGE do not you know how to do it ? ingrid I do not do it good . GEORGE ( reluctantly ) okay . int . / ext . george' car - night ira be still mess with the navigation system . he finally get frustrated and punch it . 12 - ) . ira yell to someone on the street . ira how do you get to the fuck airport ?! int . laura' ranch - night George call ira , get voice mail . GEORGE where be you , where be you ? you have to come back here . I need you help . I do not know how to do this . he walk back to where the kid be . they be watch tv . all around the room be family picture . he be beginning to feel bad about what be happen . int . / ext . airport - night Laura get to check - in , look around . she do not see Clarke . int . laura' house - night George be sit at the kitchen table . mable walk over . mable I think my mom and dad be get a divorce . I do not want my parent to get divorced . all my friend ' parent be divorced , and they be not happy . GEORGE why would you say that ? mable I hear my mom talk to she friend . I listen through the wall . she be look for a lawyer . he cheat on she . what do cheating mean ? that he 's go to marry someone else ? why do not they just try harder ? 123. int . airport - night Laura look for Clarke at the news stand . int . laura' ranch - night George be on the phone . GEORGE Laura , it 's George . come back to the house . maybe you should not do it . maybe it 's too early for this . call the house . int . airport - night Laura walk into the airport lounge . she see Clarke . she look at he for a moment , then head over to he with determination . ext . / int . airport - night ira park in the no-stand zone . he get out and start walk into the airport . his phone ring , he answer . it 's George . GEORGE ( v.0 . ) where be you ? ira I be get cigarettes . GEORGE ( v.0 . ) you have be go for forty minute . ira I get lose . I do not know this town . GEORGE ( v.o. ) well come back . I do not know how to take care of this kid , I be not a camp counselor like you . this kid be on to I . the older one 's too intense . she 's troubled . she 's like damien , from the omen . I need help . 124 . ira ok , I will hurry back . int . airport - night ira run around the airport , look for Laura and Clarke . int . airport - first CLASS lounge - night Laura be talk to Clarke , emotional . Clarke be cry . clark I be so sorry . this only happen because of I . it 's all my fault . I make you feel terrible . I make you feel unsafe in we relationship . I be so sorry . please forgive I . ira stand there , stare at they . LAURA I be sorry too . I love you so much . it be just a flirtation . it never go anywhere . it 's just after you cheat on I , I feel so alone . and you be go so often that I feel like we life do not work . clarke then I have to make a change . I will stop most of the travel . there 's nothing more important than you and the kid . ira start to turn to sneak away . Clarke see he . clarke ( cont 'd ) ira ! what 's go on ? what be you do here ? ira oh , I be just head back to Los Angeles . I have get some spot at the improv I have get to do this weekend . LAURA ( under she breath ) oh , fuck . 12- 5 . clarke you be head back to Los Angeles ? then why be you at the International terminal ? ira this be the International terminal ? I be so confuse , I have never be to this airport before . clarke yeah , this be the Air China first class Lounge . reveal that everyone else in the lounge be chinese . clarke ( coin ' D ) what the fuck be go on ? what the fuck be go on , Laura ? LAURA I do not know what to say . clarke tel - I the truth ! just tell I the tri.t_h . ; _ LAURA I come here to tell you that I want you to move out when you come home . but I realize this be a mistake , so I do not say it . please do not hold that against I . we have work everything out . everything be fine . clarke who 's watch the kid ? who 's watch the fuck kid ? ira a adult be watch they . clarke be George watch we fuck kid ? I will kill he . Clarke run off . ira what the hell happen ? 12 6 LAURA who the fuck be you ? get the fuck out of my life ! you and George have to get the fuck out of my life . you be ruin everything ! ira uh oh . ira run out of the lounge . Laura run out also . int . laura' house - night George with the kid . oblivious to what be happen . ext . airport - moment later ira come back out , he car be about to be tow . ira no , no , no ! I be here . I be here . int . / ext . clarke's car Clarke drive home , piss off . int . / ext . laura' suv Laura drive home , quickly . int . ira' car ira drive , in a panic , on he cell phone . the phone go through to George 's voice mail . ira George ! Clarke be come back to the house . he know everything ! I be come to get you . be at the end of the driveway . no ! be at the next driveway over ! to the north ! ext . / int . laura' ranch - night Clarke arrive at the house . he see George sit with the kid . clarke ( angry - to mable and ingrid ) can you take it into the family fun room ? mable be you two go to fight ? clarke ye s. ext . laura' house - night George and Clarke walk outside . Clarke put up he fist , ready to fight . GEORGE she 's not happy . Clarke punch George in the face then kick he martial art style . clarke no one who 's marry be fuck happy . leave we alone ! you fuck up . you fuck it up with she a long time ago . let it go or I will kill you . I will literally kill you till you be fuck dead . that disease do not kill you . but I will kill you . GEORGE you should not joke about my disease . that be very serious . very scary . Clarke punch he several time , but they be more like martial art hit . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) what the hell be that ? ira arrive . George start yell at ira . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) do not jump in . whatever you do , do not jump in . I do not want you help ! 128. ira okay . GEORGE you say you be get cigarettes then you run to the airport to stop she . what kind of friend be you ? ira I be a good friend because this entire situation be crazy . you be out of control . GEORGE I do not deserve what you do to I . you betrayed I ! ira when I get there , she be already kissing he . I never even have a chance to stop it . I do not get to do anything ! clarke do not pretend you be fuck mad at each other , just to distract I so I will not beat you ass . Clarke push George . clarke ( cont 'd ) you be gonna come to my house ? you be gonna come to my fuck house ? you have to get you own life . leave we the fuck alone . GEORGE do not hit I ! I have be sick ! they do not know . the medicine be work now , but I be still sick . Clarke punch George . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( to ira ) what be you do ? I say to jump in ! ira you tell I not to jump in . 129 . GEORGE that 's what " do not jump in " mean . it mean " jump in . " help I ! ira step in . Clarke hit he hard , then kick he . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you be a terrible fighter . ira I know , that 's why I become a comedian , because everyone use to beat I up ! George run at Clarke who crack he in the head hard , send he to the floor . then ira take a run at he and Clarke kick ira in the face twice , with both foot . Laura run into the middle of the scene . GEORGE Laura , tell Clarke to stop ! LAURA Clarke , please do not do this . clarke do not tell I what I can and can not do . GEORGE Laura , tell he . tell he you want to be with I now . Laura do not answer . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Laura ? LAURA why do you have to come here and confuse I ? everything be fine before you come here . now everything be all screw up . GEORGE Laura , what 's it go to be ? be you go with he , or be you go with I ? Laura look at Clarke . 130 . LAURA with he . GEORGE do not do this . LAURA you fuck up my life . and now I fuck up yours . but just a little . probably just for a day . she walk back into the house . clarke hit the road before I put you through another round . GEORGE you cheat on she too ! clarke yeah , but we be marry . we be go to work through this shit . you should have wait until you be marry to cheat . it busy you another chance . Clarke punch George . ira be on the ground . he do not get up . GEORGE she tell I I be the love of she life . and she love I more than she love you ! clarke when she say that , do she think you be die ? GEORGE yeah ! clarke too bad you have to ' live and find out it be not true . leave my fuck family alone ! Clarke punch he . George get a punch in but it do not hurt Clarke . Clarke punch he again . clarke ( cont 'd ) I can do this all night . 131 . Clarke hit George again . ira leap on Clarke and now all three be on the ground roll around , arm flail . GEORGE ( to ira ) stop ira , you be hit I too . mable and ingrid appear outside . mable what be you guy do ? ingrid what 's happen ? the three look at the kid and instantly feel awful . ira we be just play that 's all . GEORGE we be wrestle . it 's fun . clark boy like to wrestle just like girl . they all start wrestle some more , but this time it be fake playful . they give each other noogies , and tickle each other so the kid will not be scared . a little blood run off of George 's face . ingrid be you bleed ? GEORGE no . we be just painting . I get some paint on my cheek . clarke come on girl . let 's go inside . mable and ingrid run inside . Clarke turn to George . clarke ( cont 'd ) you know what suck about this ? I like you movie and now I can not watch they anymore . Clarke walk away , then walk back . 132 . clarke ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . that be mean . through ail of this , I want you to know something . I be glad that you be not sick , and I understand . and I forgive you . Clarke go inside . ira that be meaner than he punch you . that be a dement motherfucker . George punch ira in the face . ira fire back two punch at George 's face and he stumble back . GEORGE none of you fucker can hurt I . George pause , then leap onto ira and they roll on the ground for a moment . ira make he - way free and get up . ira get the hell off of I you psycho . GEORGE drive I home . ira no . GEORGE how be you gonna get home then ? ira Fine . int . car - night they drive in silence for a moment . ira you be the most self involved person I have ever meet . GEORGE oh yeah ? 133. ira no matter what the situation , no matter how many laugh or how many woman you get you will never be happy . you be always go to be miserable . you be a bottomless pit . a bottomless wound . GEORGE what about you ? you be just a lackey . who be you to judge I ? you try to screw I over , after all i. have do for you . ira I be not responsible for you . you want I to sit back and destroy this woman 's life ? help you cheat on she ? you put I in a terrible position . I do not give a fuck , go fuck yourself . GEORGE lacky . ira you make I the tacky ? I be not a lacky , it 's a job . GEORGE it 's not a job , you be a tacky . you be not even that fuck funny . this get ira very mad . ira who care ? if be funny mean be like you , I rather be a little less funny . GEORGE Mission accomplish . ira you be the only person I know who learn nothing from a near-death experience ! you actually go backwards . all it do be it bring out what a prick you be , bring everything bad to the surface . I like you better when I be sure you be gonna die . 134 . GEORGE I be not go anywhere ! ira everything be about you . you do not even know where I live . you have never ask I one question about my life . how much can one person talk about himself ? you never ask I shit about anything ! GEORGE who be you to fuck judge anyone ? you be not my friend , you just want my money . you just want to get you foot in the door . ira fuck you money . fuck you . this have all be a huge mistake . GEORGE wake I when we get home . George climb in the back seat and try to go to bed . int . / ext . george' car - night Music up : Ted hawkins ' song " strange conversation . " ira drive George home in the dark . neither one speak . we see image of different city go by the window . ira think about all he 's be through and the challenge ahead , ext . guy ' apartment ira pull up to he apartment . ira okay , I be get out . you have to drive yourself home . I be get out here . GEORGE why do not you drive I to my house ? ira because then I would still have you car . 135 . GEORGE you will drop it off later . ira there be no later ! I be not go to ever talk to you again . so I do not want you car . GEORGE so that 's how it 's go to be . int . george' house George enter . there be a enormous pile of stuff to do on he dining room table . several stack of script . one pile have a big post - it note that say : " read these ! " int . george' house George lie alone in bed , alone . eye wide open . it 's really bright in he room . George hit a button . the shade automatically close . the room go dark . now he 's in the dark with he eye open . he turn on the tv to go to sleep . it 's the today show . it 's really happy and morning - theme . the piece on the today show be very suburban . " how to clean up clutter . " anchorwoman ( on tv ) you know , when you have get a big family , and you have get a lot of clutter ... int . guy ' apartment - live room - day ira be talk to Leo . leo we rent out you room to jay . but you can crash on the couch if you want . ira oh man , you get jerk off on that couch . 136 . jonah I fuck do not cum on the couch . just sleep on it for a month , and then we will find some excuse to boot jay out . ira thanks . I be sorry , I lose my way for a while . int . george' house George read one from a large pack of script . a few page in , he clearly do not like it . he put it down , pick up another one . the large stack be clearly the one he do not like . int . coffee shop - day ira write at a table . ext . store - day George walk out of a store . a beautiful woman try to chat he up , but he let she know he i.s " busy and have to go . he walk off . she look disappointed . int . bar - night ira talk to Daisy . they seem to be get along well . int . improvisation - day Daisy be perform on stage . she get off and head over to ira . I ha that be great . she kiss he . daisy thanks . the manager walk over . 13 , . manager hey ira , federman get in a car accident . do you want to take he spot ? George walk over with a young comedian of about ira 's age . this young man have clearly take he place . GEORGE hey , how 's it go ? ira hey George . GEORGE this be Randy . he 's funny , you would like he stuff . it 's smart . ira I be sure I would . I look forward to see it . be you go on tonight ? randy I hope so . manager ( to George ) do you want to go up ? ira be gonna take federman 's spot , but we can get you up if you want to ? GEORGE no , that 's ok . I do not want to take ira 's spot . I be just gonna hang out tonight . int . improvisation - moment later ira be introduce . he walk onto the stage . we see George walk to the very back corner of the club and sit down at a table by himself . on stage ira do he act . he be much more comfortable than we have ever see he on stage before . he be no longer search for he comic identity . he have find a way to be himself on stage , and tell joke which be more personal than we have see before . not everything kill , but when something eat it he do not seem throw . sometimes he seem amused . 138. angle on GEORGE he watch from the back of the room . at first he do not laugh , but then slowly start laugh -- but more at the thing ira do in between joke . we can tell that he be proud of ira and miss he . int . supermarket -- day ira be back behind the counter , work at the deli with Chuck and gail . he do not look too unhappy to be there . female customer be the potato salad fresh ? ira I make it myself this morning . female customer be it good ? ira I stake my reputation on it . female customer okay . give I a quart . ira Mrs. gail , this fine woman would like a quarf 'of potato salad . the woman move to the other side of the counter . we reveal George stand there , hold he ticket . GEORGE do you have any turkey that 's hormone - free ? ira yes we do . GEORGE so this be where you work . ira back in the saddle . GEORGE I think we be write a screenplay . 139 . ira well , you be not a very good write partner . GEORGE or any kind of partner . you want to make I a turkey sandwich and talk to I ? they give you break around here ? int . supermarket - moment later there be a small seating area in the supermarket where people eat food at the deli counter . George and ira sit across from each other . GEORGE in my travel , I have learn a lot about Asia and Buddhism . and I would like to be in the moment now with you , and to tell you how sorry I be , and how much I have appreciate you friendship . and even if we be not friend in the future , I wish you well on you journey . ira laugh . ira that guy be a douche-bag . GEORGE but also kind of cool . it 's a very weird combination . ira he be go to heal you with that herb , man . you get sick again , you should call that guy . GEORGE I think most of what you say to I be true . and I really be sorry . I think I be still not very healthy ... in my brain . ira it 's all right , man . you have be through a lot . 14 0 . GEORGE well , I appreciate you try to help I . even though it be kind of a impossible task . ira be everything go okay ? how be you do ? GEORGE I be not do well , but thing have certainly be worse . so , I will be fine . ( then ) you be good the other night . I hear you be get regular spot now . ira I be actually go up tonight . GEORGE really ? any new joke you be work on ? ira yeah , I have be try to get off my ass and do some write . GEORGE what do you get ? ira be surprised to hear he ask this , since he have never ask this before . ira I be think about do a bit about how I be not very good look , but I be not bad look , but I be just good - look enough that if I have a good personality , it might put I over the top . GEORGE you should do something about how , when you date a girl , and you feel really good and she like you , and then you see picture of all she ex - boyfriend , and they be all really goofy - look guy , and it 's not that you be good look , it 's just that in this psychotic girl 's eye , you be good look ? 141 , ira and how all of she boyfriend look like Lou costello . GEORGE why do not you say dom deluise ? it 's a more current reference . ira more current ? what year be cannonball run , 1978 ? GEORGE okay , okay . what else you get ? ira I be go to talk about how I have not have sex in so long , that I can not even remember my previous sexual experience so I can masturbate to they . GEORGE you should say , now when I masturbate , I have to think about the last time I masturbate . ira that 's a good one . you can write . GEORGE you know , I always want to be part of the comedy field . as the camera pull back , George continue to pitch ira joke for he act , the first selfless act we have see he commit in the entire film . as they friendship rekindle , we ... the end