FURY written by David ayer over a black screen : April 1945 -- the ally army strike at the heart of Germany . in four week the third Reich will be no more ... ext . farmer' field - predawn thick morning fog blanket all . a faint glow in the East . it 's quiet save for the distant rumble of artillery . Super title : somewhere in Nazi Germany ... a Spanish Arabian stallion emerge from the fog . a wasp waist german Army lieutenant erect in its saddle . his discipline horse elegantly pick its way over the furrow soil . a dark hulk loom in the mist -- horse and rider approach ... it 's a burned out tank -- a american sherman . still smolder . steel armor rip open like tin foil . the Lieutenant move on . encounter another char tank . its entire turret blow off . a small fire still burn inside . around it be the blacken twisted shape of burnt shrunken man . he move on . another hulk emerge from the mist -- this tank look like a scrap heap -- sandbag , railroad tie , sloppy steel plate , case of wine , ration and ammunition . batter , scar and seemingly abandon . the Lieutenant guide he horse in a slow circle around the armored vehicle . he hear a faint clink -- and draw he luger from its shiny black holster -- then : a american soldier hide behind the turret leap on he ... tearing the german from he horse . the two man crash to the ground . the american stab the Lieutenant in the face -- thwick - thwick - thwick ! fast , violent , shocking ... the american then carefully slide the knife blade behind the german 's eye - pierce he brainpan with a crack . the german convulse for a moment . and die ... the american retrieve he knife . wipe it clean on the german 's uniform and scan the area with burn primal eye . this be don '' wardaddy '' collier . late twenty he look middle age . a light beard and hollow cheek . year of combat have ground he into something hard and sharp . ( continued ) 2 . continued : with the mechanical clumsiness of exhaustion , wardaddy cut the map case from the german 's belt . then rip the large knight 's Cross medal from the dead man 's neck . wardaddy stand to he full impressive height in he oil blacken overall . he cross to the horse . he grab the beautiful animal 's bridal and look at it for a moment ... Eye to eye . connection with the animal . with incredible gentleness he rub its muzzle . and kiss it ... then he pull he knife -- the horse jerk back , but wardaddy hold it firm . he know horse ... thwick ! - he cut off the bridle , slip the bit from its mouth . he unbuckle the saddle and drop it to the soil . wardaddy look at the horse . then it head back the way it come - now without ride and tack . wardaddy climb aboard he tank -- her name be '' FURY '' -- it 's paint on she cannon . int . FURY - predawn dark. cramped . crowd . a filthy machine with filthy man . there 's two main area - the turret basket -- a big cylindrical cage that spin with the turret . and the bow -- the front of the tank where the driver and a machine gunner sit . the sound of piss hit tin ... boyd '' bible '' swan be drape casually across the cannon breech . a pastor 's kid from Des Moines , he 's serious , calm , center . you have never guess he 's kill a thousand man . he finish urinate into a ammo can . trini '' gordo '' garcia sit in the driver 's seat sip wine from a bottle . a mexican butcher from Chicago . he 's be drunk since 1942 . he once go into combat sober - and vow never to do it again . next to gordo , the transmission housing between they , be the body of red . a blood soak jacket pull over he head . his blood spatter inside the tank . grady '' coon - ass '' travis , a good-old - boy from Arkansas , be wedge into the battery compartment fix a short . he 's cun , viscous and World wise . wardaddy drop down into the Commander 's hatch . ( continued ) continued : coon -ass get that fucker ? wardaddy I knock he off . gordo offer Red a drink , push the bottle into he shoulder . whisper to he ... bible gordo . stop . leave he rest . wardaddy he 's dead . or do you forget ? drunk damn fool . gordo shoot they a dirty look . keeps whisper to he dead friend . wardaddy watch coon - ass work . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) goddammit . ai not you do ? coon - ass keep ridin 's I . wardaddy I be not riding you . if I be , you have know it . more where he come from . wardaddy toss Bible the knight 's Cross - Bible hang it in the turret - where more german combat decoration hang like Christmas ornament . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) you get some can bacon for this ? he toss gordo the dead Officer 's luger . he inspect it . gordo for this ? yeah . a case or two . wardaddy light a cigarette . then scratch another notch in he knife with he GI can opener . it 's tense - they be behind german line and acutely aware of the danger they be in . but danger become routine . after year of it ... coon - ass smirk - knowing he will get a rise ... coon - ass how come you do not shoot that horse ? you love shoot horse so much . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) wardaddy darken with outrage -- he work he way over to coon - ass and begin kick the hell out of he . coon -ass ( cont ’d ) stop it ! what 's that for ? wardaddy you know what it 's for . coon -ass why you always whoopin’ on I ? wardaddy because you be a animal . a dog . all you understand be the fist and boot . coon -ass bull-sheeet . I understand I the pussy and the gun . killin 's and fuckin’ . wardaddy in that order ? coon -ass maybe . timing 's important . I like I warm pussy . pipin 's hot . gordo you still talk ? can we get out of here ? everyone shut up . wardaddy you shut up . you be a goddamn bottle of wine . stink like wine . think like wine . alcohol never solve nothing . gordo neither do milk . let 's go . vamanos . vamanos ya . wardaddy wanna talk mexican ? find another tank . a mexican tank . this be a american tank . we talk american . gordo who put a nickel in you ? you talk kraut . you can talk german and I can not talk Spanish ? ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) wardaddy I use my german as a tool of war . coon - ass grab he crotch ... coon -ass here 's my tool of war . Bible realize this be not about horse or Spanish . it 's about Red -- the man with he head blow off in the bow gunner 's seat . Bible hand wardaddy some coffee he warm on a coleman stove . wardaddy thanks boyd . bible stop rag on everyone . you do not kill Red . the german 's do . wardaddy that 's true . but I sure do not keep he alive . bible his number come up . that 's all . we have be lucky . until now . settle down . wardaddy add sugar to he coffee . stir it with a greasy calluse finger . he open the german 's mapcase -- discover several map ... wardaddy thank heaven . we get a map . wardaddy study a german map ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) we be here . battalion Area 's to the South . this hardball road here 's 11l get we back . sound good ? coon -ass you get the stripe , daddy . you figure it out . wardaddy I get more , boy . need more ? wardaddy poke he head out of the Commander 's hatch and listen carefully to the come dawn . ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) his finely tune instinct kick in . wardaddy drop back inside - pull the hatch shut with a clank ... then : the sound of roaring locomotive -- a artillery barrage be on the way ... boom-boom-kaboom ! -- shell explode around the tank . rocking it . for the moment the man be safe in they steel cocoon . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) coon - ass ? anytime , sweetheart . coon - ass turn a last bolt then extricate himself from the battery . coon -ass ' Kay . crank she up , gordo . whip this bitch like you donkey back in Old Mexico . gordo I will whip you Alabama ass with my donkey cock . gordo push the starter button . expectant face . the engine rumble but do not catch . more exploding shell -- incredibly loud . shrapnel ping off the hull . they endure it with they trademark stoicism . they have be through it before - but a direct hit can kill they ... wardaddy choke ’er up . she 's cold . gordo open the choke . tries again . the engine rumbling . do not start . worried face . gordo there 's condensation on the plug . wardaddy plug be good . do not flood it . gordo drunk or not I can start a damn tank . ( continued ) 7 . continued : ( 5 ) vroom ! -- the engine roar to life . they be relieved . low key and businesslike , they don they headsets - it 's now unbelievably loud in the tank . coon - ass join wardaddy and Bible in the turret basket . wardaddy move out ! gordo double - clutches and shift into first . the tank lurch . Bible press he eye to the gunsight ... wardaddy rotate the turret with he thumbswitch , look outside through a periscope . behind gordo -- we see the turret basket rotate , the leg of wardaddy , Bible and coon - ass stand inside - it 's a impressive sight ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) forward ! pick it up ! forward ! the tank rattle . clanks and shudder . ammo case , weapon , C - ration vibrate . we be in the belly of the beast . kaboom -boom -boom ! -- shell explode dangerously close . the tank shudder . gordo clutches , shift into second . stomp the gas . the tank build speed . wardaddy sees the road ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) drive ! left. left. Left . on gordo - turn the tank with the two big steering lever . he whip it onto the road , upshift into third gear . the tank build speed - move surprisingly fast . gordo can sure drive a tank . eye rivete to he periscope . Gas , oil , blood and piss sloshing over he boot . Red 's body in the seat next to he . leave the crashing artillery behind ... out of immediate danger , wardaddy open he hatch and take he normal position - expose from the chest up in the commander 's hatch . he grip a capture german assault rifle , grimly scan for threat with he cold hard eye . the fury have escape . her crew be neither grateful or relieved . there be work to do . the war be not over ... ext . battalion area - day a farmer 's field have be overrun by a travel circus of death - a american armore battalion . a couple thousand man . a couple hundred vehicle . the tire men load tire vehicle for another day on the attack . month of spearhead into Germany have take they toll . a booming artillery battery pump round into german target mile away . the black driver of the redball Express truck unload heaps of supplies from they truck . mechanic , clerk , cook and mps move with purpose . infantrymen clean weapon . a chaplain give last rite outside the surgery tent as medic line up more litter of wounded men . a hundred german prisoner sit listlessly behind barb wire . a bulldozer plow a heap of dead Germans into a pit . a row of fifteen sherman tank -- they busy crews ready they for another day 's push into Germany . the tanker stop work and stare in amazement . here come the FURY -- driving up fast , it deftly spin and park perfectly alongside the new , cleaner tank . sergeant davis , commander of the Lucy Sue shake he head . sgt . davis think you be dead collier . wardaddy the Devil watch over he own . wardaddy jump down . a pair of medic approach the tank with a litter . wardaddy and gordo haul Red 's corpse out of the tank and lay he onto the litter . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) take care of he . he be a good man . the medic sees the top of Red 's head be go . medic you say you have wounded . we be not grave registration . wardaddy take good care of he . or I 'il take good care of you . ( continued ) 9 . continued : wardaddy pat he assault rifle with menace . the medics trade look and depart with the body . gordo crawl under the tank and pass out in the mud . lieutenant parker approach wardaddy . Young and fresh , he have just a month with the outfit . he 's intimidate by wardaddy , this tough tanker hard tempere by war 's hammer . lt . parker sergeant I be afraid you be dead . I be awful sorry about t- 5 conley . wardaddy it 's Red . we call he Red . lo. parker sure . where 's the rest of third platoon ? wardaddy we be it . lo. parker what happen out there ? wardaddy another goddamn green Lieutenant happen . lo. parker what do I tell the Captain ? wardaddy tell he we drive straight into a strongpoint . two kraut tank be dig in like pillbox . I get ‘em both . after they get everyone else . lt . parker we be move again . headquarters section 's already fold . you be in my platoon now . we be assign to check out a town while main unit bypass . wardaddy a goddamn flank guard mission ? wardaddy nod at the fury . look even more rag in the daylight . ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 2 ) wardaddy ( cont 'd ) Lieutenant , I gotta short in the master switch box . steering linkage be rattling . engine 's lose compression . oil 's in the radiator . bogy need rubber . there 's a 75 gouge on the turret that 's 1ll take twenty pound of welding rod to fill in . she 's a mess . so 's my crew . lt . parker make ready to depart the company area on my order . wardaddy yessir . fuck my life . the young officer spin on he heel and walk off . wardaddy look at Bible and coon - ass , stare at he from atop the tank . just crush . beaten , exhaust . spend . coon -ass parker 's douchebag . we work for that yankee fool now ? wardaddy do not you worry about he . you work for I . restock ammo and ration . wake up gordo . have he top off the water and gas . do what you can about the mechanical issue . wardaddy walk away . bible where you go ? wardaddy the latrine to take a shit . I be not shit in a week . norman ellison a shiny new private with a dufflebag intercept wardaddy . norman sergeant collier ? wardaddy maybe . what the fuck be you ? ( continued ) ll. continued : ( 3 ) norman private Ellison . I be tell to report to you . I be you new Assistant Driver . wardaddy lookit you . crisp and green like a new dollar bill . puppy breath and all . wardaddy light a smoke . a outgo volley from the nearby artillery company make norman flinch . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) do not worry about outgo . incoming mail 's the issue . Nazis can drop a 88 shell in you hip pocket from two mile out . wardaddy direct he to the fury . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) that 's home . do what you be tell . and do not get too close to no one . wardaddy walk off . norman approach the tank . Bible and coon - ass scrutinize the newcomer . gordo slide out from under the hull , bath in mud . the three feral tanker eye norman . gordo grab norman 's dufflebag and search it . norman afraid to stop he . norman which way 's the front ? Bible gesture in a wide circle . bible all around we . kid , this be Germany . we be surround by kraut . norman see a young tanker run in circle hold a ml rifle above he head . yelling this : young tanker I be a shithead ! I be a shithead ! I be a shithead ! I be a shithead ! norman what 's that about ? ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 4 ) bible he be clean a machine gun and do not unload it . nearly kill a sergeant . lucky he do not get stomp into the mud . norman swallow hard . look around . gordo angrily look up from norman 's dufflebag . gordo where 's you cigarettes ? norman I do not smoke . gordo well then you be a bastard . gordo toss norman 's dufflebag in the mud . norman look stricken . bible you go to tank school ? norman I have never see inside a tank . I be a clerk typist . I be go to fifth Corps hq . they pull I off the truck and send I here . it 's gotta be a mistake . coon -ass ai not a mistake . Army do what it do . bible kid , you from Missouri ? norman shake he head : '' no '' . gordo Chicago ? norman shake he head : '' no '' . coon -ass Arkansas ? norman no , I be from -- ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 5 ) coon -ass -- no one give a damn where you be from . gordo offer he he canteen . norman politely take a swig . spit it out . norman it taste like hornet sting . gordo you do not drink ? norman nuh-uh . especially that . gordo snatch back he canteen . gordo I hate you . bible you a praying man ? norman I go to church . bible do you subscribe ? be you save ? norman I be baptize . bible that 's not what I be ask . and you know it . wait until you see it . norman see what ? bible what a man can do to another man . gordo reverend -pastor-deacon swan here be in a preacher factory when he get draft . bible it 's call divinity college . ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 6 ) coon -ass praise sweet Jesus . thank you for the war dear sweet , sweet Jesus . thank you for all the goddamn Nazi 's to kill . bible norman . there two be wick man . albeit amusing . you better grab hold of Jesus . he 's the one thing that will not rattle you loose . norman «+. sure ... coon - ass pull open the bow gunner 's hatch . coon -ass here boy . here 's you seat . get a bucket of hot water from the kitchen and get it clean . amish clean . norman 's face drop when he peer inside ... int . FURY - day Minutes later . norman kneel awkwardly over the transmission as he scrub off blood with a rag . he pause to stare at the big belt feed machine gun - also spatter with blood . he clean it gently . as if afraid of waking a dangerous animal . norman remove blood spatter pin-up girl . and a photo of Red 's wife - the tough cattle ranching woman who have no idea she man be dead . he reach for a photo of Red in cowboy regalia astride a horse -- and freeze ... what he sees -- blonde hair , a ear , a single blue eye . half of Red 's face . ext . assembly position - day Love company 's tank be be readied for combat . Gas tank be fill . equipment be oile and clean . ammo load . busy green monkey scramble over big green turtles . on the FURY : coon - ass and Bible load ammo into the turret . wardaddy and gordo tighten track link with wrench . ( continued ) 15 . continued : norman scramble out of the tank and tumble over the side . landing on he hand and knee , he vomit he ham and egg into the mud ... cough and sputtering he look up in time to see a 6x6 truck roll by , fill with a heap of corpse . german and american . leg and arm stick out . it look like they be wave '' hi '' to the young soldier ... norman want to cry . the fury 's crew stare at he . blank face . no sympathy . bible get back in there . it 's not go to clean itself . norman stand , brushes off the mud . about to climb back in the tank , he pause and stare with he mouth agape . two tire GI 's escort and ss sergeant . his hand tie behind he back with bail wire . his head be swollen like a watermelon . puffy slit for eye , blood slicked hair . he 's take a serious beat . wardaddy why be not he sleepin’ ? tire GI G - two want a prisoner to question . wardaddy I nil question he . ( in fluent german ) what 's you favorite color ? you like chicken or beef ? you a good dancer ? you like fat girl ? the stoic prisoner blink with confusion ... thwick ! -- wardaddy bury he knife in the ss sergeant 's chest . smack in the heart . and work it side to side . the GI 's shake they head with weary dismay . Bible and coon - ass pull wardaddy away . gordo cackle with delight . tire GI okay , that kind of thing 's gonna get you in a lot of trouble . wardaddy we be not here to ask they question . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 2 ) the tire GI 's drop they prisoner . they look at wardaddy like get ready to do something about it . coon - ass aim he Tommy gun at they ... coon -ass it 's a goddamn kraut . forget it . the ss man die in the mud gasp he last breath . the tired GI 's move along . tire GI I have to tell they what you do . wardaddy ignore he . norman watch the man go , shocked . wardaddy spit . wipe he knife clean . norman you kill a prisoner of war . in cold blood . wardaddy I know what I do . he 's a ss . they be real asshole . wardaddy shake a smoke from he pack . scratch another notch in he knife with he can opener . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) I kill every ss I can . you have see what I see you would too . coon -ass fuck every last one . they start it . we be finish it . bible heinies do not know they be beat . we Generals smell blood . coon -ass yep . ai not nothing stop the spear from slide into the enemy 's belly . wardaddy we be the spearhead . done any kill ? norman shake he head : no . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) you will . ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 3 ) wardaddy shove a ugly stamp metal submachine - gun into norman 's hand . the gis call it a '' greasegun '' . the Lieutenant return from the company Command Post ... lt . parker first platoon tc 's ! see I now . the first platoon tank commander wander over to the Lieutenant . wardaddy , sgt . binkowski , sgt . davis and sgt . peterson , all rough man who can kick ass in a bar fight . sgt . binkowski I see you sir . I see you . lt . parker here 's the big picture . Main unit 's go East . we be go North on a flank guard mission . we will tie up with Baker company from the 41st . sergeant collier be with we now . he will be act platoon sergeant . sgt . peterson that 's fine with I . glad to have you Don . wardaddy Sir , say you get pick off ? mind show I the overlay where we be go ? lt . parker sure , collier . Kansas point dog. after that we be work for Captain waggoner . any question ? sgt . binkowski you start shave ? Lt. parker disregard the dig ... lt . parker first platoon ! mount up and move out ! the five tank commander cross to they wait tank . wardaddy make the '' crank it up '' hand sign . gordo slide in the driver 's hatch and start the fury . the other four tank start up - they engine roar . the 25 man of 1st platoon take they fight position in side the steel beast . wardaddy mount the fury . norman too . one man confident and seasoned . the other clumsy and hesitant . ( continued ) 18 . continued : ( 4 ) camera find - a corporal argue with sgt. Davis . corporal I can not go out ! I can not do it ! and you can not make I ! sgt . Davis punch the man . and shove he into the bow gunner 's hatch . it 's like stuff a cat in a bathtub . wardaddy Battle fatigue case . good man . he 's get he limit . we get ours . coon -ass ought 'a be psychose to the rear . the corporal extend he hand from the hatch , just he hand . he 's hold a live grenade . boom ! -- it blow the corporal 's hand clean off , shred he forearm . sgt. Davis be livid . sgt . davis bless you heart . you do go and do it . get on , boy . go suck you mama 's titty milk . get on out of here you yellow fuck . the corporal climb out of the hatch , slide down the front of the tank and trudge toward a ambulance clutching he shattered arm . norman see everything . he look at wardaddy , amaze and confuse . who just shrug and lock and load he big .50 Cal machine gun . wardaddy guess he do not want to go . drive ! move out . the fury fall in behind Lt. parker 's tank . then sgt. Davis 's tank . then Peterson and binkowski 's tank . the 5 tank of lst platoon move out in a column . each tank run over the dead ss sergeant - flatten he into the mud . no sentimentality here . it 's just business . ext . task force perimeter - day the five sherman tank be on the road head East . they pass the outpost tank - marking the scrimmage line between the american Army and the Nazis . ( continued ) 19 . continued : outpost sentry go fuck yourself wardaddy ! you owe I forty buck . wardaddy wave goodbye . the tank column pass a field where dozen of foxhole be fill with infantrymen . at the sound of a whistle a hundred rag green man emerge from the earth like spawn locust and shuffle towards wait truck . on norman - sitting in the bow gunner 's seat , he hatch open . the ass of the Lieutenant 's tank spew exhaust and dust in he face . the Lieutenant keep glance back at gordo , sit in the Driver 's hatch . gordo take quick sip from a wine bottle between the young officer 's disapprove glance . gordo we get hit , we be gonna burn out . and we be gonna burn out fast . we tank be shit box . german gun punch through they like butter . see this ... he point at a hatch in the floor under he seat . gordo ( cont 'd ) we get hit . I be go . right through here . I be not wait for you . I be not help you . get that ? norman okay . thank you . norman look up at wardaddy in the Commander 's hatch . he look like he be bear like that - a iron centaur , half man half tank . wardaddy speak to he through the intercom ... wardaddy kid , you hear I , you plugge in ? norman fumble with the intercom switch , reply : norman I hear you , sergeant . wardaddy do not fire that bow gun until I tell you . get that ? do not want you plaster we guy . norman okay , sarge . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 20 . gordo kill off he bottle of wine , throw it at the back of the Lieutenant 's tank , shatter it . gordo kid , you play card ? blackjack ? poker ? norman no . I do not play card . gordo you motherfucker . ext . dirt road - day Farmer 's field on either side . the tank column pass a old farmer riding a hay wagon pull by two old horse . column of black smoke rise in the distance . wardaddy spread he map on the turret . Marks they destination . coon - ass open he hatch , next to wardaddy 's . wardaddy what a chicken shit job . a goddamn side mission while main unit leapfrog we . we need any support we be fuck . coon -ass ai not this fuck war over yet ? wardaddy we be two hundred mile from Berlin . get there just over a week . coon -ass I be in no hurry to get murder in Berlin . kid pour bushel of grenade in we hatches . wine bottle full 'a gasoline . no thank you , mar ’am . wardaddy I do not want it to end . coon -ass I be ready to ship home . work at the hog farm , marry I a little thing to make I pie and baby . wardaddy I never plan on survive this thing . ( continued ) continued : 21 . coon -ass a pretty little mama with a mess of cousin . eat they pie too . wardaddy I will keep look at poker until I get my head shot off . die owe every drip dick in the battalion a stack of money . coon - ass hurry up . you be run out of war . wardaddy do not I know it . coon -ass you just wanna keep kill people . you need it like you need breathe . can not do it back home . not for long at least . wardaddy I get no home . coon -ass if I get it first , you gotta promise to bury I face down . wardaddy so you find you way to hell quick ? coon -ass so the whole damn world can kiss my ass . vroom ! - a p47 fighter fly over . so low that can count the rivet on the wing . it quickly vanish over the horizon . on norman - watch with fascination . he sees another p47 fast approach . vroom ! - it pass directly overhead . pak - pak - pak - pak - pak ! - a german anti-aircraft gun open up . 600 yard away it 's well camouflage in a group of tree . it blow the wing off the low - fly fighter plane . the aircraft corkscrews into a field and explode violently as its bomb load detonate . sudden . shock . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 2 ) on wardaddy - spin the turret with he thumb switch , he line up a shot on the anti-aircraft gun 's position . wardaddy anti-aircraft ! two o'clock . six hundred yard . he ! Fire when ready ! int . FURY ( moving ) - day Bible press he face against the gun 's telescopic sight . he make fine adjustment to the azimuth and elevation wheel of the cannon . then stomp the fire pedal ... bible on the way ! kaboom ! - the gun recoil violently several foot , rock the tank . coon - ass immediately load another shell into the breech - it slam shut - kerchack ! ext . dirt road - day on norman - buffete by the muzzle blast . he sees the cannon shell - a glow fireball - Arc into the german position . kaboom ! - a direct hit . the distant target explode with a high order detonation - Burning and explode ammunition rain down around it . wardaddy Love one - two for Love - one . target destroy . we should head over there . might be more kraut to bag . lt . parker negative , collier . we be on a timetable . they continue on they way . leave the carnage behind they . norman watch the greasy column of smoke from the crash fighter and the destroy german gun recede in the distance . it all happen so fast . his first taste of combat and he never see a enemy soldier . 23 . ext . intersection - day the five tank turn onto a paved road . it be crowded with refugees - a long rag column of german civilian flee the bombing and maraud Russians to the East . old men , women , child , once proud face not dirty and scared . on wardaddy - warily eying the flood of refugee . there 's a 19th century carriage be push by woman . a car be pull by horse . wardaddy okay . button up . there might be a wolf hide in the sheep . kid , cast a eyeball on ‘em . anyone make a move you cut they right in half . do what you need to do . if people be in the way , that 's they problem . you copy ? norman I copy . int . FURY ( moving ) - day gordo and norman close they hatches . norman look at the machine gun . hesitant . gordo reach over and cock it for he - kerchack ! gordo gun 's ready . just pull the trigger . every five round be a tracer . so you can see what you be hit . remember , short burst . that way you will harvest more meat per bullet . norman react . look through he periscope . norman 's periscope Pov - the world as see through a rectangular piece of glass . he just see a tired mass of people . pathetic and harmless . ext . pave road - day the refugees move aside for the tank . among they be a dozen soldier - schoolboy draftee - with no appetite for a fight . they toss aside they weapon and raise white handkerchief . wardaddy , from he position high in the turret tower over they , aim he assault rifle at they . ( continued ) 24 . continued : wardaddy ( in german ) keep walk . american line be that way . keep go . hand up high . there you go . move . Lt. parker be 50 foot ahead in he tank , he handsignals for wardaddy to speed up . the tank speed past the line of refugee . tank do not like people near they . i/e. FURY ( moving ) - day gordo open he hatch . norman do the same . grateful he do not have to shoot anyone . they pass a pretty girl ona bicycle . she smile at norman . gordo there you go , boy . she will let you fuck she for a chocolate bar . norman that 's not true . gordo that 's not true ? okay . it 's not true . coon -ass it 's true . you can liberate she ass for a d-ration bar . or some smoke . do not give she a whole pack . four will do it . bible ignore they . do not disappoint Christ . do not let they lead you astray . wardaddy we can kill ‘em but we can not fuck ‘em . right ? cuz it 's in the bible . bible I be do try to convert you heathen . mind if I continue invade Germany ? wardaddy you think Jesus love Hitler ? ( continued ) continued : 25 . bible I would assume so . and if Hitler accept Jesus in he heart and get baptize , he have be save . wo not save he from man 's justice . wardaddy what about you regular issue Nazi line trooper ? he go to heaven ? bible you have be ask this same dumb question for three year . you know where I stand . coon -ass please save I . sing I a hymn . sing I '' the Old rugged Cross '' . sing it boy . coon - ass tickle Bible . for all they back and forth , they be closer than brother . bible stop , fool . i’1l shoot you . wardaddy knock off the horseplay . ( a beat , then ) boyd , you think Hitler would fuck one of we for a chocolate bar ? bible I hope so . I have give it to he good . slide this cannon right up he backside and punch out a supercharge . send the sonofabitch straight to Hell . coon -ass that 's awful Christian of you . ext . pave road - day the 5 tank steadily approach they objective . telegraph pole line the road . from that pole hang four young boy , about 10 or 11 - Big sign around they neck . the man in the fury stare at the dead child . wardaddy be face to face with they . he 's up so high . ( continued ) 26 . continued : bible what do the sign say ? wardaddy paraphrase the german scrawl on the sign . wardaddy '' I be a coward and refuse to fight for the german people . '' ( sadly ) kid . they be just kid . then the body of a housewife . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) '' I help traitor to Germany . '' norman gasp , look at the body . stun by the senseless cruelty . gordo they do that shit in France and Belgium . now they be do it to they own people . let ‘em rip themselves to piece . the tank column continue . int . FURY ( moving ) - day norman watch the world go by through he periscope block . see Germany through the small glass prism ... norman 's periscope Pov - movement in the ditch alongside Lt. parker 's tank - a 11 y.0 . hitler youth aim a panzerfaust anti-tank rocket at the Lieutenant 's tank - he 's a scared child , fear on he face , tremble . norman can not believe what he 's see - he hesitates . ext . pave road - day fwoosh ! - the Hitler youth fire the rocket . it slam square into the side of Lt. parker 's tank ... kaboom ! - a perfect hit on the ammunition storage . the result be instant and catastrophic as a jet of molten steel ignites the cannon ammunition ... a column of intense flame erupt from the commander 's hatch like a giant blow torch . Lt. parker be immolate like a human candle . ( continued ) 27 . continued : wardaddy aim he assault rifle at the Hitler youth ... brddddt ! - drop he with a burst . two more hitler youth decide they be do play soldier and take off run ... brddddt !-brddddt ! - wardaddy smoke the little fucker too ... the four other tank spread out into a cover formation ... the burn tank roll to a stop . the Driver 's hatch open . the driver crawl out - flop on the ground , burn alive , he pull he pistol from he shoulder holster ... bam ! - and shoot himself in the head . wardaddy and the other three tank commander scan for more Germans . all clear . into radio ... wardaddy keep a eye out . wardaddy climb out of he hatch . coon - ass cover he with a big .50 Cal machine gun . wardaddy approach the burn tank . ammunition begin to explode . it be a total loss . no survivor . wait - the bow gunner 's hatch open . belch fire and smoke . the a-drive flail in the open hatch . roasting alive . trapped . hopeless . brddddt ! - wardaddy finish he off . then , he cross to the Hitler youth in the ditch - he 's still alive . wardaddy kick he . reloads he rifle . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) ( german ) you happy now you little shit ? you should be in school drink milk . you do not have to fight we you idiot . wardaddy aim he weapon - brddt ! - end the boy 's short live war . he return to the fury . bang on norman 's hatch with he gun butt . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) norman , open this goddamn hatch you cocksucker . norman open the hatch , scared of wardaddy . who would not be ? ( continued ) continued : 28 . ( 2 ) wardaddy ( cont 'd ) why do you shoot that shithead when you have the chance ? norman it happen so fast . he be just a kid . wardaddy gesture at Lt. parker 's burn tank . wardaddy see what a kid can do ? that 's you fault . next fuck german with a weapon you see , rake the dogshit out of he . I do not care if it 's a baby with a butter knife in one hand and mama 's leave titty in the other . you chop he up . wardaddy walk away leave norman destroy and guilt wrack . gordo look at he , sees he 's fall apart . gordo okay , look . that stupid kid do that not you . I froze up before too . that 's why I like drive . you gotta kill kraut ? it 's they or we . can you do it ? norman --- I can do it ... gordo okay . then do it . this make it easier . he offer norman a bottle of wine . norman decline . wardaddy shout to sgt. Davis 's tank . wardaddy alight , Roy . guess I be it . i’1l lead the column . let 's get where we be go . sgt . davis lead the way . wardaddy climb into the fury 's turret . double check he map . into he mic : wardaddy move out , driver . ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 3 ) gordo put the tank in gear and lead the column forward . ext . pave road - intersection - day infantrymen dig foxhole . eat chow . clean weapon . play card . there be several half -track and truck . two huge column of thick black smoke rise from just over the next hill . the four tank approach . a american infantry sergeant flag they down . wardaddy gordo , stop ‘er here . ( to the sergeant ) Baker company ? infantry sergeant yessir . wardaddy I be not a sir . infantry sergeant where 's you boss ? wardaddy Dead . infantry sergeant who 's in charge 'a this column ? wardaddy I be . infantry sergeant I be talk to the right man . Park it . Old man 's wait over there . ext . farmer 's field - command half -track - day the infantry sergeant lead wardaddy to a command half -track full of radio . a couple radiomen monitor the chatter . in b.g. : a mortar crew fire round at distant german position . infantry sergeant Sir , tanker be here . captain waggoner turn toward wardaddy . this be a Officer he can respect . rugged , solid . Big callouse hand . a confident veteran . ( continued ) 30 . continued : captain waggoner how many tank you get ? wardaddy four . captain waggoner I ask for ten . here 's the deal - I get a platoon pin in a sugar bett field by machine gun . I send my track in a they get knock out . the boche as a 75 dig in and I need you to destroy it . they be not old man and kid . it 's a regular wehrmacht outfit . help I kill they . then we will push into town and kill the rest of the bastard . Main unit have time on target and aviation priority . so we be on we own . I know who you be and I know you know what you be do . let 's get it do . wardaddy like this guy . he tap the Captain 's map . wardaddy see as they be cover this road . mind if I come in this way ? hit they flank and roll ‘em up . captain waggoner do what you see fit . just paste they hard . they murder some good boy today . why do not they just quit ? wardaddy would you ? Point take . wardaddy walk away . ext . baker company forward line - day Minutes later . medic tend to four wounded gis . two dead gis be laid across the hood of a Jeep . nearby a couple gunners in half -track fire burst from they .50 cal into the distant german position . wardaddy 's four tank be in a row . the tank crew prepare they for combat . weapon and ammo be double check . track link be tightened . norman help gordo top off the gas tank with the help of a black truck driver . ( continued ) continued : 31 . gordo this be it . we be gonna see some action . norman I be scared shitless . gordo you will be so fuck busy you will not have time to be scared . truck driver a hero 's just as scared as a coward . one quit . one do not . gordo do not give he no hero bullshit . it 's a job . everybody do they job , you win the game . like a football team . truck driver and the fellow that charge into danger to save he buddy ? what be he ? gordo a moron . norman how 's it feel to kill a man ? be it hard ? truck driver ever kill a hog ? butcher a hog ? it 's just like that . scream and all . gordo how would you know ? get in a knife fight in the whorehouse shitter back home ? truck driver they put I on the line in the bulge . they do not want we kill the white man . until it 's they neck . I kill I a whole bunch . kraut get real hot when they see who be do it . it be just like kill hog . ( continued ) continued : int . FURY 32 . ( 2 ) norman I be from the city . I have only see a cat get hit by a ice wagon . gordo I be from the city too . Chicago . and I see lot of animal die . papa work in a slaughterhouse cut up steer with a electric see . come up from Mexico to work there . papa would cut off a piece of meat , swipe some kidney or a tongue and sneak ‘em home . we eat beef every day . I start I there when I be fourteen . on the kill line . hitting beef cow , old dairy cow , sometimes horse , between the eye with a twelve pound sledgehammer . right here . ( tap he forehead ) I would be head to toe in blood , brain and snot . whackin 's beef all day until I could not move my arm . norman I help in my dad 's stationary store . at the register . we sell sundry . nothing that ble or scream . gordo too bad . it 's something . the kill line teach you something . norman that it 's better to be the man with the hammer ? gordo that 's right . - day coon - ass and wardaddy be alone in the turret . coon - ass be cry . his nerve be get the best of he . coon -ass Don , I can not do it . I can not take any more . I do not want to die . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 33 . coon -ass ( cont 'd ) I feel like I be go to slide right out of my skin every time a goddamn shell go off . I can not do this . I do not get the nerve . wardaddy you can do it . you get work up . before a action . that 's all . coon -ass this be not that . this be something different . wardaddy no it 's you regular bullshit . you get the jitter . you bitch some and then you be fine . grady , it 's you way . coon -ass lookit the odd . we get four year of close call . all the original boy be go . Dead or mangle . we be it . I , you and the mexican . out of how many ? some guy have be replace four or five time . replacement show up one day . he 's dead the next . why not we ? wardaddy sbut up . shut you mouth . do not you spook that kid any more than he 's already spook . we need he . coon -ass remember that boy from Texas who be run and get hit by a shell ? listen to I . don. listen to I . wardaddy I remember . coon -ass and he tank get hit by a Tiger and he bail out and be run and a cannon shell hit he square in the back and he disappear but he head fly straight up and land in a tree . you remember that ? wardaddy I say I remember . ( continued ) 34 . continued : ( 2 ) coon -ass every night I dream he head 's ina tree sing to I . Soft and sweet like my mama 's song when I be a baby . if I close my eye right now , I will see he . wardaddy Red 's get we all a little sad right now . grady . look at my eye , I be talk . we gotta help this outfit . then , you can get shit - yer-pant drunk and fuck some girl or something . how 's that sound ? coon -ass you gonna drink with I ? wardaddy you know I will not do that . I be the foulest meanest damn drunk you can imagine . I have stab you in the face and lick the blade clean . coon -ass Fine . i’1l drink that nice cognac we find and roll around with some Nazi split-tail . I be a ass man you know . wish I have a stick of butter . wardaddy smile . coon - ass be ready to fight . ext . baker company forward line - day wardaddy do a final walk around he four tank . he see both man and machine be ready for battle . he turn to the two wait infantry squad - about 20 man . wardaddy let 's kill we some Germans . mount up . the tired dogface climb aboard the tank . wardaddy climb aboard the fury . plug in he helmet . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) start ‘em up and move out . the tank start they engine and pull out . each tank have at least five soldier riding on top . 35 . ext . farmer' dirt road - day the four tank move in a column . shield from the enemy by a small low hill . fury lead the way - a old sergeant stand behind the turret man the .50 Cal . wardaddy you know what 's wait for we ? old sergeant yeah , I know . wardaddy smile at the old leathery bastard . wardaddy ( into radio ) all tank this be wardaddy . form a shallow right echelon on I . when we hit the flat ground spread out to a hundred yard interval . on my signal we will drop the dough and roll up that 75 . everyone copy ? sgt . davis Love one - Three copy . wilco . sgt . peterson one - four . Roger all . sgt . binkowski this be five . we get you daddy . the column accelerate . ext . FURY ( moving ) - day wardaddy grind he tooth in anticipation . the column be now come around the low hill ... wardaddy all thanks halt ! the tank stop . to the Old sergeant ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) get ‘em off . old sergeant you hear the man . everyone off ! ( continued ) 36 . continued : Soldiers spill off the tank and take a knee . Close to the front line they stay low and wary . some of the older salt immediately start digging foxhole . wardaddy all tank ! move out ! button up ! the column begin to roll again . hatches be close . only the tank commander expose they head . ext . battlefield the tank churn up dirt as they enter the field . spread out in the field be a platoon of american infantry , lay in shallow trenches they scrape into the dirt between the furrow . they be pin down by german machine gun . several be wounded or dead . wardaddy okay ! fast leave ! fast leave ! let 's go ! start squirting they tree and bush . the tank fire they machine gun - stream of tracers from the four tank probe at any possible hide place for german man and armor . this be call recon by fire ... int . FURY ( moving ) - day norman stare through he periscope . try to make sense of the world outside the small glass rectangle . norman do I shoot ? gordo yes . start shoot . norman what do I shoot at ? gordo anywhere Nazis might hide . norman pull the trigger . the machine gun jackhammer violently . add to the deafen noise of the develop battle . once over the initial shock of fire the weapon , he smile , empower , and hose every tree and bush in sight . ( continued ) 37 . continued : gordo ( cont 'd ) do not sit on the trigger ! you 'il burn out the barrel ! on bible - his face press against he gunsight . he fire burst from the coaxial machine gun use the foot switch . bible 's gunsight Pov - his tracers rake the distant ditch and bush . sgt . binkowski one - five for wardaddy . I see a bunch 's kraut a hundred yard to my right . wardaddy that 's we troops . do not shoot they . sgt . binkowski yeah . okay I copy . ext . beet field - day the fury and the other three tank drive abreast through the field toward a row of hedge and tree ... there be two burning half - track - the source of the black smoke we see earlier - jag hole in they armored side . surrounded by char man and burn equipment . brddddddt ! a german machine gun whip a long burst into the fury . it sound like a evil chainsaw . sandbag , case of ammo and jerrycan of water be tear to shred . wardaddy goddammit ! Bible hit that machine gun position ! eight hundred ! Fire ! kaboom ! the Main gun fire . the cannon round crash into the well camouflage machine gun position . boom ! the high explosive round detonate . int . FURY ( moving ) coon - ass jam a fresh round into the breech - kerchack ! in he lap and loose at he foot be more big round . coon -ass clear ! ( continued ) 38 . continued : Bible fire the instant he hear that . kaboom ! the cannon slam back in recoil , eject the spend shell . coon - ass ram another shell into the breech , punch it in with fist - kerchack ! - the breech block slam shut ... coon -ass ( cont ’d ) clear . kaboom ! - the gun fire . recoil and eject . coon - ass reload . this veteran crew work like a swiss watch . ext . beet field boom ! the last round nail the gun - cartwheel a german soldier through the air like a ragdoll . wardaddy okay ! cease fire . that 's target destroy . wardaddy see a tank have turn the wrong way . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) wardaddy for one - five . where be you go ? head North . sgt . binkowski I be head North . wardaddy dammit . binkowski . no you be not . turn right ! turn right ! head for that stand of tree and check it out . sgt . binkowski one - five copy . wilco . wardaddy sees another of he tank about to run over american soldier . wardaddy Love one - Three ! Fox Romeo ! pull you right brake ! you get troops right in front of you ! get you head out of you ass ! Love 1 - 3 swerve at the last second , just avoid crush several man . wardaddy be already look for the next problem to solve . it 's like herding cat . 39 . int . FURY ( moving ) the tank be now a loud , smoky reverberate metal chamber of engine noise and gunfire . norman be get the hang of it . firing the weapon into haystacks . tree . anywhere a german may be hide . empty shell cover the floor at he foot ... clack ! - he run out of ammunition . he grab another box of ammo . reloads the hot gun . crack !-whoosh ! - a hide german cannon fire a high velocity round that rip right past wardaddy 's head . it 's a tank killer and a grave danger ... wardaddy fuck ! where 's that gun ! who see it ? who see the gun shoot we ? sgt . peterson one - four for wardaddy . it 's ours . I think that 's a howitzer from the company area . wardaddy bullshit ! it 's not ours . it 's a kraut high velocity gun . I can hear it whistling . where the fuck be it ?! crack -whoosh-ktang ! the hide german cannon fire again , hit Love one - four . fortunately , the round glance off and careen into the sky . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) believe I now ?! sgt . peterson anti-tank ! right front ! right front ! nine hundred ! Love 1 - 4 fire its main gun at the hide german cannon ... kaboom ! vreee ! the tank round fall short , hit the ground and ricochet sharply . all four tank begin to fire at the cannon 's position . kaboom-kaboom-kaboom ! round after round detonate in quick succession . strip the stand of tree bare . splinter they trunk . kawoop ! success ! the cannon position detonate with a greasy black explosion - then ... ( continued ) 40 . continued : crack-whoosh ! a second 75 mm anti-tank gun open fire ! ktang ! Love 1 - 4 be hit again . the german cannon round make a massive burst of spark and ricochet away . sgt . peterson ( cont ’d ) I be hit . pull back ! wardaddy there 's another gun ! who see it ? int . FURY ( moving ) norman fire he machine gun at a more distant group of tree . norman' periscope Pov - his stream of tracers cut into a group of tree and suddenly deflect upward - from the camouflage german armor plate hide there ... norman there 's something there ! at , uh , ten o'clock . int . beet field wardaddy sees the stream of deflect tracer fire . wardaddy get he ! anti-tank ! Left front ! one two hundred . he. superquick . gordo , head right at he . gunner ! traverse leave ! steady ... on it ! Fire ! kaboom ! the fury 's main gun fire - boom ! - the shell crash into the cannon position , ignite its stock of ammo . kaboom ! a massive secondary explosion obliterate the 75 mm tank gun . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) target destroy ! okay , one - four you be too damn close to I . maintain you interval . all tank , move forward . let 's go . let 's clean it up . the four tank straighten up they line and drive for the german position . they near twenty foxhole , each with two german soldier inside . 41 . int . FURY ( moving ) norman load a fresh belt of ammo ... gordo 's periscope Pov - a german soldier stand up and aim a panzerfaust at the fury . gordo get he ! kill he ! norman finish load the belt . cock the gun . look through he periscope . norman' periscope Pov - brddddt ! Bible shred the german soldier with the coaxial machine gun . beating norman to the punch . gordo glare at norman . gordo ( cont 'd ) do you job . do what you be here for . do it now . norman I be load the gun . norman grit he tooth and begin fire . move the gun from side to side . utterly lack in finesse . ext . beet field - german foxholes - day the four tank hose down the foxhole with they machine gun . several Germans jump up and wave white handkerchief in surrender . they be shot down . wardaddy sees a machine gun position - Three german cower behind they dig - in heavy machine gun . wardaddy Machine gun , twelve o'clock . gordo ! run they bastard over ! gordo gun the engine . the fury lurch forward . the three Germans try to flee from they foxhole . it be too late - two of they be crush . the third man cringe at the bottom of the deep hole . gordo stop over he . Works the steering lever back and forth ... the tank turn from side to side , grind apart the german position , bury the last man alive . the four tank continue fire they machine gun into the foxhole . chew apart the huddle german soldier . 42 . int . FURY ( moving ) gordo turn to norman . gordo squirt they kraut there . on yer leave . see ‘em ? norman' periscope Pov - there be a cluster of dead german Soldiers , cut down when they try to run for it . norman the dead body ? they be already dead . gordo you a doctor ? how you know they be dead ? hit ‘em . so they can not jump up and shoot we in the ass . norman look at gordo . he just can not do it . gordo shake he head in frustration . and turn the tank toward the body and run they over . norman begin to cry . not simply a tear down the cheek but a roar of anguish , good honest pain ... norman I can not be here . I can not be here . wardaddy turn you goddamn intercom off it you be gonna ball like that ! ext . beet field - german foxholes the fury turn side to side grind dead Germans into the mud . wardaddy get on to the big .50 Cal machine gun ... rat-at-at-at-at-at ! he fire into the foxhole , chew up dirt , man , and equipment . soon the german dead have all be adequately '' double tapped '' by the four tank . a everyday procedure . the fire slacken . and stop . just the occasional burst from a tank 's bow or coax machine gun . wardaddy all tank . let 's hold here . one - four . you better take care of that fire . ( continued ) 43 . continued : the pack on Love 1 - 4 be still burn . wardaddy look behind they and sees the pin platoon from Baker company rise to they foot . this be the man the tank have just rescue . there be no celebration . no back slapping . the infantry Soldiers know that only more hard fight await they . the man they drop off have move up . the two platoon of soldier inspect the kraut foxhole ... a couple crewman in Love 1 - 4 douse they burn pack with fire extinguishers . then cut they off . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) wardaddy for Love - four and five . pull up there fifty yard and cover that road . sgt . peterson ( v.0o . ) Love one - four wilco . wardaddy Love one - six for Baker six . we clear out the machine gun and the anti-tank . you be fine to roll up you vehicle . captain waggoner ( v.0o . ) Baker six copy . we be gonna catch up and then we will push into town . wardaddy Love one - six copy . wardaddy slide out of the turret . encounter the Old sergeant wave he man forward ... old sergeant first platoon get up here and get this trash police up ! second platoon pass through and dig in along that ditch . I want a outpost on that hill . the Old sergeant give wardaddy a grateful nod . the 1st platoon Soldiers search the dead . take watch and ring . anything of value . 2nd platoon ( the soldier that wardaddy just rescue ) stand and move forward to establish a new defensive line . some do not get up . the medic search for injure among the dead . ( continued ) 44 , continued : ( 2 ) pow ! a soldier finish off a wounded german - the german 's body be miss from the waist down . wardaddy bang on norman 's hatch . norman open it with trepidation . wardaddy I have the best Assistant Driver in the entire ninth Army in that seat . now I get you . I promise my crew a long time ago I would keep they alive . you be get in the way of that . it be not like the newsreel up front . norman I be sorry . okay ? I be train to type 60 word a minute , not machine gun dead body . I be try my best . maybe you have never be scared , but I be so damn scared I can not breathe . I get three hour in a tank . Three . how many do you get ? backtalk ?! from this peachfuzzy teenager ? wardaddy be incredulous . redneck soldier hey lookit here we get a live one . get the fuck outta there boy . a feral , dirt - shiny redneck soldier drag a middle - age german corporal out of a foxhole . the man be terrify . tremble . he 's the last german alive - now surround by dozen of piss off american troops . Dark unshaven face . eye burn with fever and exhaustion . the Old sergeant make a throat cut motion . the platoon soldier be about to shoot the german corporal ... wardaddy hang on . wardaddy yank norman out of he hatch . hold he by the neck , he frogmarch he over to the german corporal . who have picture of he wife and kid in he hand . german corporal meine kinder ! meine frau ! wardaddy halt die fresse ! wardaddy slap the picture from the man 's hand . he pull the .45 from he shoulder holster and hand it to norman . ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 3 ) wardaddy spin the prisoner and kick he to the dirt . norman look at the big pistol . Bible watch this unfold from the fury 's turret . gordo watch from the driver 's hatch . coon - ass stop toss out fire cannon shell to watch too . wardaddy ( cont ’d ) you be no goddamn good to I if you can not kill kraut . put a big fat hole in he back . some of the platoon soldier pause and watch the show . other drift away and continue search dead Germans . there be simply no way norman can shoot this sobbing father in the back . he look at wardaddy with defiance . norman no . I be not do it . wardaddy why the hell not ? norman it 's not right . he hand the pistol back . wardaddy look like he 's go to hit norman with it . instead he holster it . and walk away . then wardaddy pause . thinks to himself : '' fuck this , I 'il win this round . '' he stride back over to norman . grab he by the throat and shove he to he knee . he hold he .45 to norman 's head . wardaddy we be not here for right and wrong . we be here to kill this people . platoon Soldiers gather to watch - this be get interesting . wardaddy cock the hammer . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) you or he . you pick . you or he . norman do it . kill I . norman have call he bluff . enrage , wardaddy force the gun into norman 's - then wrestle the pistol against the back of the german corporal 's neck , who be fall apart sobbing . ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 4 ) german corporal nicht shiesen ! bitte ! nich shiessen ! wardaddy cram norman 's finger onto the trigger guard and mash it against the trigger . bam ! the pistol fire . into the german 's brain stem . killing he instantly . norman sag in defeat horror . wardaddy holster he pistol and walk away . leave norman on he knee in the mud . a huge dirty soldier step in and roll the dead german corporal over - he take he watch and wedding ring . Bible walk over to norman . he help the kid up . bible C ’mon . lead back to the fury . where coon - ass hand norman a hot cup of coffee . norman accept it gratefully . wardaddy be by himself smoking a cigarette , maybe feel a little guilty . norman that be a shit show . be that suppose to make a man out of I ? my conscience be clean . I be keep it that way . the fury crew trade look . they have all be there . gordo put a brotherly arm around norman . gordo Don 's crazy as a shithouse rat . but he 's solid . we have be together since before Africa . I will not fight with nobody else . norman he 's the biggest asshole I ever meet , and I have meet a couple . bible ai not no crew stay together like we have . and it 's because of he . look , you do alright . you spot that 75 when no one else do . a kind word . norman need it . the crew be start to accept he . ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 5 ) coon -ass first time we get shot at in North Africa , Don shit he drawer . stunk the tank up real good . norman look at wardaddy . unable to imagine he ever afraid . ext . road into town - day wardaddy 's four tank lead the man and vehicle of Baker company to they next objective . infantry Soldiers ride on the tank , ten or more on each . they be follow by several half -track . norman 's hatch be open . he look across at gordo - who give he a reassure nod . up in the sky - Flying at 30,000 foot be a massive formation of nearly a 1000 B - 17 bomber ! a white band of contrail cover the sky . the formation be several mile long . a astounding vision . around the bomber formation be the corkscrew contrail of fighter engage in dogfight . norman watch this entrance . the other tanker and soldier be enthralled by the spectacle . wardaddy watch the bomber with admiration ... wardaddy there you go , boy . keep pound they . there be a bright flash and a bomber fall out of the sky . the tanker and soldier watch the distant bomber spin slowly towards the ground like a giant fall maple seed . the column of man and machine continue up the road . they pass two mangle german Army horse-drawn wagon . shatter by fighter plane rocket , a twisted tangle of dead german soldier and horse . a old woman be hack off hunk of horseflesh . she glare at the Americans with pure hate . gordo there you go , kid . she 's sure as shit fuck you for a chocolate bar . norman look at gordo . scandalize by that . then , he crack a smile at the sheer absurdity - norman be start to become a frontline soldier . 48 . ext . outside a german town - day the column have halt . the four tank be spread out abreast . the infantry Soldiers have dismounted from the tank and take shelter behind they . wardaddy scan the town with german binocular . his jaw muscle ripple as he grind he tooth . what he sees - a typical small North german village . house and shop cluster around a couple intersection . he get on the company net ... wardaddy Baker six from Love one - six . I do not see white sheet . and nobody 's out . I think we be look at a fight . over . captain waggoner ( v.0o . ) Baker six copy . Higher want this place secure by fifteen hundred german o'clock . go ahead and get in there . mortar section 's stand by . they be all we get so do not get in trouble . wardaddy Baker six from Love one - six . wilco . commence assault from lod now . over . wardaddy grab the mike for the platoon net . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) all tank . listen up , we be go in . move out . and let 's button up until we know what 's in there . Love one - Three , take the right , outside that line of building . one four , you take the leave , I 'il take point on the wedge . binkowski , you be on I . stay twenty yard off my ass . the four tank move forward toward the town . Love 1 - 3 and Love 1 - 4 leave the road and split off around either side of the village . the tank move slow - so the platoon Soldiers on foot can keep up . 49 , ext . german town - day the fury enter the sleepy rural village . nobody be in sight . except for a bent old man in a doorway . wardaddy ( german ) grandpa . where be the german soldier ? the Old man point at a HOTEL down the road . pow ! a single rifle shot he the Old man , drop he instantly . wardaddy grab the hand of he .50 Cal and let it rip on the Hotel building . rat-at-at-at-at-at-at ! thumbsize armor pierce bullet smash into the Hotel . blast off chunks of masonry . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) Bible , follow my burst . throw a round of he into that open second story window . bible on the way - kaboom ! the cannon fire , the round impact the building . boom ! the round explode drop most of the second story facade - expose 6 german soldier , stunne by the blast . pow -pow -pow -pow -pow ! the platoon Soldiers crouch behind the fury eagerly light they up with they rifle . int . FURY ( moving ) norman 's face be press against he periscope . norman' periscope Pov - a german soldier run right in front of the tank . without think norman open fire . brdddddddt ! drop the german to the street . his rifle clatter across the cobblestone . norman realize what he do . he lean back and take a deep breath . gordo pat he shoulder . gordo that 's all it be . keep go . ( continued ) 50 . continued : wardaddy good one , kid . keep stack ‘em up . norman wipe the sweat from he brow . settles in behind the periscope . hunting for more target . ext . german town platoon Soldiers take cover in doorway . stay close to wall . they kick in door and methodically clear each building . the fury and Love 1 - 5 slowly advance . wardaddy be two storey high in he turret ... on he left - a german soldier in a second story window aim a submachine gun at he ... wardaddy - almost face to face with the german - grab he assault rifle and aim . brddt - killing the soldier . wardaddy scan the upper storey around he for more threat . brddddt ! a german heavy machine gun open up . it be cleverly dig into a cellar in the base of a building . its chainsaw roar echoe off the building . its deadly tracers rake the street ... two platoon Soldiers be hit and drop - the Machine gun be too close to the fury for the tank to get a good shot . wardaddy binkowski , see that kraut stinger in the cellar there ? mind give he what for ? sgt . binkowski sure , daddy . I ’1l1 slap he around . you better button up . wardaddy get inside the turret . close he hatch . int . FURY ( moving ) wardaddy watch through he periscope ... kapow ! 1 - 5 fire a High explosive shell right next to fury ... ( continued ) 51 . continued : boom ! the shell blast a hole in the building 's exterior wall . silence the machine gun . falling brickwork land on the fury ... ext . german town wardaddy open he hatch , brick cover the tank . a german soldier stagger out of the expose building . bleed from the ear and disorientate ... wardaddy pull he .45 and take careful aim - pop ! drop he with one shot - then out of nowhere : boom-ktang ! a german anti-tank shell glance off the turret with a shower of SPARKS and smashes into the building . wardaddy be stunne by the close call . wiping he eye , choke on brick dust ... new angle - a small german antitank gun be hide inside a tailor shop . the crew frantically reloading . wardaddy antitank ! Left ! Fox Love ! phosphorous ! five zero ! Fire when ready ! int . FURY ( moving ) we see the amazing skill of a experience tank crew . coon - ass unload the High explosive shell in the breech and shove in a smoke round - Bible traverse the turret on the target . gordo work the steering lever bring the thick armor of the tank 's front to face the enemy gun ... norman join in - firing a long burst into the tailor shop . his tracer round bounce off the gun armor shield ... ext . german town the fury and she turret spin quickly - line up on the tailor shop . kaboom -pow ! - the white phosphorous shell detonate inside . explode with a white burst of noxious smoke - spray burn phosphorous everywhere ... the four man gun crew flee into the street . trail white smoke - phosphorous burn deep into they flesh . ( continued ) 52 . continued : brddddddddt ! norman mow they all down . all four man . ending they misery . close on norman' periscope - we can see he eye through the glass prism . int . FURY ( moving ) norman gawk through the periscope at they smoking corpse . it sink in what he 's do . he do not like it . wardaddy gunner , put a he in there . smash that gun . kaboom -boom ! the fury fire a High explosive shell into the tailor shop . not take any chance . the fury continue forward . its steel track clanking on the cobblestone of the tiny farming village . Love 1 - 5 follow close behind firing burst of tracers into upper story window . the platoon Soldiers filter through the building behind they . check for enemy soldier . small team of soldier leapfrogge up the street . all business . unhurry and cautious . ext . german town - central square - day the fury and Love 1 - 5 enter the square and spread out . each cover they respective side . a door open ... wardaddy swing he .50 Cal on a older man wave a white pillowcase - he 's the town burgermeister . White sheet suddenly appear from several window . the burgermeister cautiously approach the fury . burgermeister ( in german ) please . stop shoot . the remain soldier wish to surrender . I be try to save my village . the people have suffer so much . wardaddy ( in german ) thank you buddy Hitler for that . where be the german soldier ? how many be there and what weapon do they have ? ( continued ) 53 . continued : burgermeister ( in german ) they be in the bank . there be thirty . they be not soldier . they be child . the ss make they fight . he point at a dead teenager hang from a lamppost with another of that damn sign '' I be a coward '' . wardaddy ( in german ) you tell they to come out with they hand hold high and empty . ( in Radio ) all tank , hold you fire until I say so . I get the mayor here and I think they be surrender . binkowski load a he and get ready to put it in that bank if this people want to test we . wardaddy nod for the burgermeister to go ahead . he cross to the bank , under dozen of watchful american weapon . wardaddy scan the area for threat . it 's tense . the burgermeister shout for the soldier to come out . at the bank - the front door open . a line of deject kid emerge in eclectic uniform . boy and girl . they hand hold high , face scared . the platoon Soldiers surge forward and search they . among they be a ss officer , he arm in a sling . wardaddy point he out to the burgermeister . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) be he the man who have be hang the child ? the burgermeister look nervous - the ss Officer be glaring right at he . nevertheless , the burgermeister nod : yes . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) hey ! shoot that guy ! yeah , he . the ss cocksucker with the bust wing . without hesitation , a young skinny soldier pull the ss Officer from the line , aim he Tommy gun at he and ... brdddddt ! stitches the harden Nazi from crotch to throat . the burgermeister give wardaddy a grateful nod . 54 . ext . german town - central square later - the company vehicle have join the tank . with the day 's work over for they . Baker company 's soldier swarm over the town , search house , collect weapon . soldier stack the dead Germans . medic treat the wounded . a soldier drag a mattress down the street . another sit ina big stuff chair on the sidewalk smoking a cigar . old sergeant dig in ! we be gonna be here a while ! Bible scoops helmet - full of empty machine gun brass out of the turret . gordo sleep under the tank . coon - ass boil water in he helmet over a fire make of break chair leg . norman stand outside the fury try to comprehend what he have see . wardaddy approach he . offer he hand . norman shake . wary of this volatile veteran . wardaddy it be not nothing right ? norman come again , sergeant ? wardaddy rubbing out they heinies . you splash ‘em real good . be not nothing right ? norman look at wardaddy - realize he need norman to agree with he - to agree it 's nothing to kill people . as if norman can give wardaddy absolution for all the man he 's kill . norman lie and tell he what he want to hear . norman sure , sergeant . it be not nothing . in fact , I kinda like it . norman be a bad liar . wardaddy think for a moment . then : wardaddy I want you to see something . wardaddy lead norman down the street - to the front door of the local nazi party headquarters . 55 . int . german town - nazi headquarters - day wardaddy push the door open . he and norman gaze upon a shocking sight ... what they see - there be several dead man and woman . the man wear Nazi Party uniform , middle - age fat bureaucrat . the woman wear party dress . presumably they wife . empty booze bottle everywhere . several of the man hold pistol . wardaddy they know we be come . so they get drunk as lord and shot themselves at sun up . a beat as norman stare at this man tableau ... norman why be you show I this ? wardaddy you know why . wardaddy walk away . norman follow . ext . german town - central square wardaddy and norman head down the street . two gis pass they clutching wine bottle - both wear top hat and sunglass . wardaddy keep do what I say . you do that and you will get through this thing . crash ! - soldier search a building heave a dumpster out the window . it burst open on the cobblestone street . wardaddy sees a face in the window on the upper floor of a nearby apartment building . he quickly head for it . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) C ’mon . norman what have you see ? wardaddy kraut . wardaddy grab norman 's greasegun - cock it and hand it back . he take the safety off he assault rifle and boot the front door . 56 . int . german town - apartment build - day wardaddy quickly charge up the stair ... norman follow . they reach a apartment door on the top story . wardaddy pound it with the stock of he assault rifle . a woman open the door - her name be irma - the fear on she face be plain as day . wardaddy ( in german ) who 's in here ? irma ( in german ) just I . wardaddy bullshit . wardaddy force he way inside . int . german town - woman 's apartment - day it have surprisingly modern furniture and decor . wardaddy quickly search the place . norman follow he around like a puppy . wardaddy check closet . cupboard . anywhere a human be can hide . he enter a bedroom and look under the bed - someone be hide underneath . wardaddy ( in german ) get out of there . right now . hurry up . norman watch a gorgeous young lady slide out from under the bed . this be emma - she 's 18 - norman 's age . wardaddy help she up . norman be transfix by she . wardaddy drag Emma from the bedroom by she wrist . wardaddy turn to norman . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) Close the door and lock it ! norman freeze - thing be go to a bad place . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) lock the fuck door ! norman comply . slowly close and lock the front door . irma be just sick with fear . ( continued ) 57 . continued : irma ( in german ) please , leave she alone . wardaddy ( in german ) you say nobody be in here . you could have get she kill . irma she 's my cousin . I be sorry . please . I be afraid of -- wardaddy -- I know what you be afraid of . wardaddy push Emma onto the couch . then sit down in a chair . he take off he helmet . leans he rifle against the wall . suddenly look very tired . he look at irma . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) get I some hot water . for shave . ( to norman ) sit the fuck down . put the gun away . you make I nervous . norman stiffly sit on the couch with Emma . it 's awkward . like a bad blind date . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) what 's you name young lady ? emma ( in german ) Emma . wardaddy Emma , you know how to cook ? the girl nod : yes . wardaddy reach in he musette bag . dig out a soap dish . he open it and carefully unwrap four egg -— precious rare egg . then he take out a can of coffee . and a can of bacon . he offer the rare treasure to Emma . her eye light up and she joyfully accept they . as a bonus wardaddy give she two pack of smoke . she happily join irma in the kitchen . norman relax . wardaddy be not here to rape and kill they . norman take off he helmet . and take off he jacket . 58 . int . german town - woman 's apartment in the kitchen - irma savour a american cigarette as she cook bacon and egg . she sip from she cup of fresh coffee . the first in year . norman be asleep on the couch . wardaddy stand before a pot of steaming hot water . he have peel off he jacket , overall and shirt - hideous burn scar cover he back . Emma cross to norman and gently wake he , offer hima steaming cup of coffee . norman smile at she . he like she . she smile back . she like he . she sit next to he . thigh to thigh . norman sees wardaddy 's burn and react - embarrass by they , wardaddy put he shirt back on . Emma hold norman 's hand . then try to pull he off the couch . norman realize where this be go . and blushes . he shake he head : no . wardaddy slide a fresh blade in he safety razor . wardaddy she 's a good clean girl . you do not take she in that bedroom , I will . Emma intuit what wardaddy have say and cling to norman 's arm . norman look at wardaddy . at the girl . wardaddy do not really want she . but norman do not know that . norman make he decision . he lead Emma into the bedroom . she shut the door behind they . wardaddy smile . like a proud big brother . he work up a good lather with he shave brush . new angle - irma step out of the kitchen , arm cross , with a disapprove look . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) they be young . and they be alive . he carefully scrape off the dirt and whisker with the sharp razor . irma stand there smoking , watch he shave . it 's nice have a man in the house . irma you speak good german . ( continued ) 59 . continued : wardaddy I know . he 's not interested in she . she be hope he be . she return to the kitchen . ext . german town - central square coon - ass have be wait impatiently outside the fury . finally gordo exit the tank turret , buttone he trousers with a satisfied look . gordo batter up . coon - ass climb into the tank . Bible look on disapprovingly . bible I hope you get scabies . coon -ass burnt motor oil kill the little fucker right off . I will save a slice for you . you need to get you dick wet , sky pilot . gordo grab a wine bottle . take a swig . gordo where 's wardaddy ? daddy ? where you hide ? do not leave you family on the street ? daddy ?? Bible nod toward the apartment building . int . german town - woman 's apartment in the bedroom - norman have she hand in he , he 's read she palm . norman this be the ring of Solomon . you help people . and understand they . it 's really rare . see mine ? I get it too . he show she he hand . then continue she read ... ( continued ) 60 . continued : norman ( cont ’d ) this be you heart line . you be go to have one great love in you life . my grandma teach I how to do this . people come from all over to see she . okay , this be you life line ... norman pause . look at she . it 's not good news . she see the change in he . decide to lighten the mood . Emma peel top off . norman 's eye lock on she breast . she 's proud of they , as she should be . with the ice break , norman make he move and kiss she . she take he pants off . he 's shy . she like that . emma ( in german ) do not be afraid . I be not go to hurt you . norman I do not know what you be say . Emma shush he with a finger . she roll he on he back and mount he . int . FURY - day minute later - coon - ass be screwing the very plump town whore . pig fuck be a better description . pure mindless carnality . how do she fit in the tank ? int . german town - woman 's apartment irma sing in german as she work in the kitchen . norman exit the bedroom . look flushed and content . wardaddy , now clean up , be a different man . norman sit on the couch . gather he thought . wardaddy you do not need to say nothing . they sit there in silence . wardaddy sip he coffee . Emma exit the bedroom . glow . she join irma in the kitchen who quietly scold she . banging at the door . wardaddy nod for norman to get it . the woman peer around the corner , frighten . ( continued ) 61 . continued : norman open the door - it 's coon - ass , gordo and Bible . the three man enter . take off they helmet . set down they weapon . coon - ass and gordo be drunk . coon -ass Boy , it 's time for you to act the man . we get you fix up good . a special gal 's down there wait for you . wardaddy you be too late . Emma bring the new arrival glass of beer . coon - ass drool over the beautiful young woman . she return quickly to the kitchen . coon -ass bless you heart , boy . you take that pretty thing for a roll ? norman will not answer he . and that 's answer enough . coon -ass ( cont ’d ) we be a team , right ? eat , shit , kill , fuck together . right ? gordo that 's right . pass the plate , norman . make a donation to the cause . wardaddy y'all touch she and I be kick you tooth down you throat . coon - ass smile . rub wardaddy 's smooth face . coon -ass you be so pretty , can I fuck you ? wardaddy have at it . there 's a jar of grease in the kitchen . coon -ass sissy bastard . coon - ass regards a photograph on the wall . a young man in Army uniform . he take it down , dismay . coon -ass ( cont ’d ) who 's the goddamn Nazi ? ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 2 ) coon - ass charge into the kitchen with it - indignantly wave the picture at irma ... coon -ass ( cont ’d ) who 's the fuck Nazi , lady ? irma ( in german ) my husband . he die in Russia . wardaddy appear behind coon - ass and take the photo from he . he gently hand it to irma . wardaddy ( in german ) I be sorry for you loss . norman be touch by this respectful side of wardaddy . coon - ass sit down . pull a bottle from he jacket and take a swig . coon - ass hand it to norman . and stare at he with angry , bloodshot eye ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) you best take a bite . norman hesitates , then take a swig . wince from the burn . norman sure that 's not gasoline ? coon -ass pure white lighten . some of the Georgia boy cook it up . suddenly there 's a woman 's scream follow by a gunshot from outside . Emma and irma trade scared look . norman get up and look out the window ... what norman sees - a drunk soldier exit the bank with a arm load of reichsmarks and toss they in the air . wardaddy get back from that window . before that drunk ass fool kill the hell out of you . norman carefully back away . 63 . int . german town - woman 's apartment - day ( later ) norman , wardaddy , coon -ass , and Bible sit at the table eat bacon and egg . Emma toast thin slice of black bread . irma pour the man little glass of schnapp . she set a glass in front of wardaddy . he push it away with he finger . wardaddy ( in german ) no thank you . gordo you like horse ? norman I tell you , I be a city kid . gordo Don like horse . right , Don ? wardaddy I be eat . we be eat . gordo in France we hit the beach right after D - Day and fight through all that fuck hedgerow . we finally break out into open country . and bypass all this kraut division . we link up the Canadian and british and trap a entire kraut Army pull back to Germany . we fuck they up . with plane and artillery . Dead kraut and horse and bust up tank and car for mile . mile . you eye see it but you head can not make no sense of it . we go in there . and for three whole day we shot wounded horse . all day long . Sun up to sundown . put down horse . hot summer day . ai not smell nothing like it . the sound of it . that fuck horse scream . Black cloud of fly buzzing . like be ina giant bee hive . norman 's eye bug . he 's lose he appetite . wardaddy that 's really a fine story . pleasant meal time talk . thank you . ( continued ) continued : 64 . coon -ass it 's what happen . and what happen , happen . and what 's gonna happen be gonna happen . and play house with a couple bitch kraut will not change much , will it ? wardaddy shut the fuck up . coon -ass the seventh seal 's break , buddy . you can not put the shit back in the horse . wardaddy pull he .45 and slam it on the table . coon - ass back down . a painfully tense silence follow . wardaddy 's fork scrape against he plate as he shovel egg and bacon into he mouth . finally he look at norman . smile warmly . wardaddy you mama a good cook ? norman she 's a really good cook . wardaddy how 's she fry chicken ? norman she do not fry chicken . she roast it with stuff . or make chicken and dumpling . that 's my favorite . she bake too . pies and cake and -- a knock at the door . norman get up and answer . it 's the company messenger . company messenger where 's Love one-six ? wardaddy right here . company messenger Old man want you . wardaddy how come ? company messenger you get a mission . ( continued ) 65 . continued : ( 2 ) the man look at each other . they short respite be over . wardaddy finish he coffee . pushes he chair back and stand . his man stand too . wardaddy ( in german ) if you will excuse we , please . ( to the guy ) let 's go . he cross , grab he helmet and weapon . irma ( in german ) where be you go ? wardaddy to take the next town . and the next one . and the next one . until you people quit . irma what 's go to happen to we ? wardaddy I do not know . irma stand stoically . hand fold in front of she . lip purse . norman grab he greasegun . slip on he helmet . it 's hateful to leave . just hateful . Emma run to he and hold on to he for dear life . coon - ass grab the boy by the scruff and drag he away . coon -ass there 's a lot more of they . to the company Messenger , on he way out - re : the woman ... wardaddy make sure none of the boy give they a hard time . int . german town - company command post - day Inside a nice house with antique and Persian rug . Captain waggoner go over a map with wardaddy . captain waggoner grasshopper spot a troop concentration move west . ( more ) ( continued ) 66 . continued : captain waggoner ( cont 'd ) Higher want you armor guard this crossroad in Ohio Queen on the overlay . wardaddy how many troops he see ? captain waggoner enough to spook the Colonel . Road march to the crossroad and secure they . do not stop for anything . take my gas if you need it . wardaddy look at the map , make some note in a notebook . wardaddy alright , sir . I be on my way . suddenly there be a loud whistling of income german artillery - wardaddy , the Captain , the radiomen and company clerk hit the deck ... ext . german town - central square - day a group of soldier play blackjack on a blanket . gambling for pile of watch and jewelry . norman and gordo pour gas into the fury . boom -boom -boom -boom-kaboom ! - german artillery shell explode all around they . Bible drop into the turret , close the hatch . gordo slide off the tank and crawl underneath . norman follow . coon - ass already there . a grin fool . gordo what ? coon -ass I be tick off we be leave . do not seem so bad now . Germans can flatten this town for all I care . boom ! a large shell strike irma 's apartment building , collapse the front . then everything be obscure by dust and smoke ... what they see - though brief , the shelling have transformed the little village . building burn . other have collapse . the apartment build be heavily damage . a soldier crawl along the street cry for he mama , he leg be miss , just two stump trail blood . ( continued ) 67 . continued : norman run to the apartment building - at the smoking rubble pile that be its facade moment before . he stop in he track and look up ... what norman sees - irma 's shattered body hang from a splinter mass of wood floorboard ... next norman sees Emma be crush and mix into the rubble . she 's gasp for she last breath ... norman shake off the blow and start to dig out Emma , desperate , frantic - coon - ass grab he and drag he away . coon -ass ( cont ’d ) you think you be Jesus Christ ? you gonna raise she up ? she 's do . she be do . norman start throw punch . coon - ass let he vent , easily block they . coon -ass ( cont ’d ) there you go . get mad . get mad . norman what the fuck be wrong with you ?! what the fuck be wrong with everyone ? nobody care about anything . what the fuck be happen ? bore with be punch , coon - ass throw norman to the ground . kick he in the ass . coon -ass it 's call war . quit you cussin’ and fightin’ and get you spindly ass in that tank , boy . ext . german town - central square - day ( later ) the four tank engine roar to life . wardaddy do a quick check of the fury 's track . norman sit in the bow seat . tear streak he dusty face . gordo look at he . sympathetic . gordo sorry about you lady friend . norman ignore he . here come sgt. Davis help he assistant -driver to he tank , he can barely walk . ( continued ) 68 . continued : wardaddy he wounded ? sgt . davis naw , drunk . sgt . Davis pour the man into the front hatch and mount he tank . the Captain approach wardaddy . captain waggoner we will hook up with you in the morning . good luck . wardaddy thank you , sir . he shake the Captain 's hand . schwack ! a sniper 's bullet rip out the Captain 's throat , drop he on the spot . soldier voice six be down ! -- sniper ! -- they get the Old man ! -- wardaddy be up into the fury like a shot . int . FURY ( moving ) - day he drop shut he hatch ... wardaddy move out ! let 's go ! ( into Radio ) all tank from one - six . sniper 's in that goddamn building on the right ! make ‘em go away . ( to Bible ) what be you wait for ? kaboom ! - the main gun fire . coon - ass slam home a fresh shell . coon -ass clear ! kaboom ! - Bible fire another . the fury fire again and again ... on gordo - safe beneath he close hatch , he see norman have he head expose - he grab the kid and yank he down ... ( continued ) 69 . continued : gordo stupid . you wanna die ? norman glare at he . with a new hardness that take gordo by surprise . wardaddy 's periscope Pov - a row of four hundred year old building be destroy in just over a minute . they roof can be see collapse through cloud of thick dust and shatter explosion as the tank pump high explosive shell into they . into radio : wardaddy all tank cease fire . if that do not get he nothing will . let 's get the fuck out of here . ext . german town - central square - day the four tank of lst platoon Love company pull out for they next mission . wardaddy lead the way in the fury . they be the four horseman of the apocalypse - leave behind a town transformed . blood in the street . stack of dead . Burning building . pile of rubble . ext . country road - day open flat farm country . the occasional farm building . the column of four tank move fast . wardaddy key the intercom . wardaddy norman . get you ass up here . norman look at wardaddy . who wave for he to join he . norman carefully climb out of he hatch . and pick he way across the move tank . wardaddy pat the big .50 Cal machine gun . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) why do not you sit up here for a bit and run this baby . norman grab the spade grip and stand behind the turret . his face be angry stone . wardaddy seem relaxed . almost enjoy the beautiful country . he look at norman . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) I know how you feel . ( continued ) continued : 70 . norman you have no idea how I feel . wardaddy today ... look , what happen back there . be every day . it 's every day . norman today 's the worst day of my life . wardaddy like I say , that 's every day . if you think it can not get worse , it can . and it will . I start this war kill Germans in Africa . then France . then Belgium . now I be kill Germans in Germany . it will end . soon too . but before it do a lot more people gotta die . wardaddy point out a massive column of black smoke in the distance . it be the the herald of destruction on a unbelievable level . death of a city . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) see that ? that 's a whole city on fire . I get that 's where that bomber be head . the die be not do . the kill be not do . norman try to understand the enormity of what he be witness . he can not . they ride in silence for a beat . then : wardaddy ( cont 'd ) my mother be bear near here . I think right there in that city burn to the ground . I get no problem kill my kin . norman how have you get all burnt up ? wardaddy my back ? norman Germans do it ? that why you hate they so much ? ( continued ) continued : 71 . ( 2 ) wardaddy no. I do it . before the war . before the Army . I have a beautiful girl I be gonna marry . Rose . she make I feel like a fuck king . pretty like one of that old painting . she be good . a good person . she have a good heart . wardaddy look at norman . not sure if he should continue . he do ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) I drank then . I have get asshole drunk and Rose hate it . there be a dance in town . with a band from wichita . I have she old man 's truck . my little brother come with we . he be sixteen . and look just like you . with the same '' I be smarter than everyone else around I '' expression you get . and he be . Book smart and people smart . a good kid . well I drank two bottle of nickel whisky and get in a punch - up at the dance with this big indian . k.o.ed he with a bottle . norman I be not you bartender and I be not you pastor . you do not need to tell I this . wardaddy and I be not you friend . you be listen ' cause someone have to hear . the sheriff get call so I shove Rose and my brother in the truck and drive off like my hair be on fire . yep , like a real shithead . pedal to the mat . hit a ice patch and flip it . I get throw and end up under it . the engine right on my back , cook I like Sunday 's beef roast . Rose and my brother get they neck break . Whole country hate I for it . I get the chain gang . I laid roadbed . worked cotton . mule team . War start and the judge tell I to die for my country . best advice I ever get . ( continued ) 72 . continued : ( 3 ) norman look out on the german countryside . then at wardaddy . despite he age , norman have a strong , quiet wisdom . norman do it matter now ? do it matter here ? wardaddy do to I . norman you kill they . wardaddy I know what I do . norman you be already dead . wardaddy I do not disagree . be with this fine gentlemen since nineteen forty two . and they do not know none of this . not a word of it . keep it that way . norman will keep he secret . norman I be bear in the caul . wardaddy where 's that ? norman a caul . a birth shroud around my head . so I see thing . sometimes I know thing be go to happen . and people tell I thing . since I be little . bad thing . Confession . I be use to it . do not worry , you will get you wish . when I say you be already dead it do not mean anything but what it mean . you be go in the ground soon . wardaddy like hearing that . he look at norman . wardaddy you be a strange one , norman . ( then ) my brother 's name be norman . ( continued ) 73 . continued : ( 4 ) norman react - not to wardaddy - but to the terribly thin corpse fill the ditch on either side of the road . they wear the infamous stripe pajamas of the camp system . they be shot after collapse during a force march . norman why be they so thin ? wardaddy they be from the concentration camp . they starve ‘em to death there . norman be they criminal ? wardaddy no . they be just people . regular people . Germans be march they around to keep they from we . Rather have they dead than free . ext . country road - day ( later ) a hundre civilian dig a tank ditch through a couple farmer 's field . they stop work and stare in awe as wardaddy 's four tank race right past they on the unblocked road . wardaddy fire a magazine from he assault rifle into the air . civilian hit the dirt or drop they shovel and run . wardaddy laugh . ext . hill near crossroad - day ( later ) the four tank have stop by a low hill . wardaddy and sgt. Davis be on they belly at the top of the hill study the shallow valley below with binocular . a couple mile away be the crossroad the tank be to protect . a few farm building dot the landscape . it be deceptively calm and bucolic . sgt . davis what be you think , Don ? wardaddy there 's the crossroad . we will set we picket line along that defilade area to the right . ( more ) ( continued ) 74 . continued : wardaddy ( cont 'd ) you 'il be outpost tank by that little hill with the tree . sgt . davis sound copacetic . wardaddy let 's get in position before dark . german Army move at night . I wanna be ready for ‘em . let 's go . wardaddy and sgt. Davis crawl back towards they tank . ext . valley - day the tank head for the crossroad . norman be back in the front right hatch . on love 1 - 5 - the last in the tank column -- thwack - kaboom ! - be suddenly hit by a high velocity gun ... it 's turret be blow into the air - the tank instantly burn a maelstrom of gasoline , explosive and gun propellant ... wardaddy fuck ! where the fuck do that come from ? Driver ! reverse ! ( into Radio ) all tank , back up ! get behind the rise on the right . everyone button up . the three remain tank quickly reverse and spread out . wardaddy scan with binocular . look very worried . bible what the fuck be it ? wardaddy that be a 88 . it 's a goddamn tank . fsssss -wham ! - a glow high - velocity shell hit the ground and ricochet in front of the fury . sgt . davis tank ! Three o'clock ! eight hundred yard ! wardaddy whip he binocular to 3 o'clock ... ( continued ) 75 . continued : what he sees - a german TIGER tank near a barn in a hay field . Tigers be the deadly tank of the war . wardaddy 's three sherman be hopelessly outgun , worse , a Tiger 's armor be nearly impervious to they cannon . wardaddy I see it . it 's a goddamn Tiger . Bible , get a eyeball on he and send it . bible I get he ! on the way ! kaboom ! - the fury fire . its glow shell strike the front of the distant Tiger and ricochet off harmlessly . sgt . davis let 's get the fuck out of here . wardaddy unless he drown himself in a shit fill ditch , it 's up to we to kill he . C ’mon , hit that sonofabitch ! kaboom-kaboom-kaboom ! - all three tank open fire on the Tiger ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) all tank ! fast right turn ! right at he . let 's bumrush this cocksucker . turn on you gyros ! shoot and scoot ! the three tank stop back up - they quickly turn toward the Tiger and accelerate right at he ! firing they cannon as fast as they can . Three little David 's versus one goliath - the Tiger aim at Love 1 - 4 , the middle tank ... kaboom ! - the 88 cannon shell miss the sherman - but hit sgt. Peterson - take he head right off . kaboom-kaboom-kaboom ! - the sherman 's keep fire . quickly close the distance to the massive german tank ... int . FURY ( moving ) - day tense face . Bible focus on the target . coon - ass stand by with a fresh shell - Bible fire ... kaboom-kerchang-clank ! - coon - ass load the cannon . ( continued ) 76 . continued : coon -ass clear -- kaboom-kerchang-clank ! - they keep pump round into the massive german tank . on norman - stare at the Tiger through he periscope . he open fire ... brddddddt - .30 Cal spit empty brass as it jackhammer slug at the armored enemy monster . norman' periscope Pov - his tracer round splash harmlessly against the german tank . ext . hay field - day kapow ! - the Tiger again fire at the middle tank ... thwack ! - its shell strike the turret and go right through . the fatally wounded sherman roll to a stop , gush yellow smoke . the driver and a-driver bail out ... the Tiger open fire with its machine gun - splatter the two poor tanker ... wardaddy Fucking animal ! load a white phosphorous . blind the bastard ! int . FURY ( moving ) - day coon - ass load a phosphorous shell . coon -ass clear ! Bible , ever cool under fire , take careful aim and toe the fire pedal - kaboom ! ext . hay field - day pow ! the white phosphorous shell burst with a large cloud of dense white smoke . Burning clump of phosphorous cover the Tiger ... the fury and sgt. Davis 's tank be damn close to the powerful Tiger . they be now pass down its right side ... ( continued ) 77 . continued : wardaddy here we go . shoot at the back third , under the track . ap . Fire when ready . bible I know where to hit he . wardaddy so shoot the sumbitch ! kaboom ! ktang ! -- the shot be high , it glance off the Tiger ... the monster 's turret be turn toward the fury ... kaboom ! -- the fury fire - ktang ! - its round pierce the Tiger 's gas tank . Black smoke erupt from its engine deck ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) hit ‘em again ! in the sweet spot . kaboom ! ktang ! another money shot into the Tiger 's engine compartment . the big tank grind to a stop . the fiver TIGER crewmen abandon they tank - they wear sinister black uniform ... the fury charge the burn tank . wardaddy shoulder he assault rifle - he 's about to light up the run german tanker when ... brdddddddddddt ! - the five Tiger crewmen be shot to piece . int . FURY ( moving ) - day it 's norman do the shoot . he 's become a real motherfucker . he reload he machine gun ... gordo that 's it , kid . fuck that kraut . wardaddy how would that feel , norm ? norman cock he machine gun - kerchack ! norman like nothing . this time he mean it . ( continued ) 78 . continued : in the turret - Bible wipe he face with a rag . coon - ass refill the ready rack with ammo ... coon - ass where would a Tiger come from ? german army be not suppose to have no gas . ext . hay field - day the sun be low in the sky . another bloody day be near its conclusion . wardaddy sit in the fury 's turret . he lose two more tank , now just burn wreck . he watch the Tiger burn for a moment , he jaw grind . sgt. Davis 's tank pull alongside the fury . he 's scared / sgt . davis Holy shit , don. binkowski and Peterson be go . Florida Mike . nicky colletto . they get wife and kid . and Stan ? Stan 's fuck dead . they be all dead . wardaddy I know who 's dead . sgt . davis what do we do ? wardaddy we have we job . like we always do . I can not have you all spook . can you shake it off ? sgt . davis I be not like you , don. nobody be . wardaddy check out the barn . make sure there 's no kraut in there . the barn be a hundred yard away . sgt. Davis head to it in he tank , Love 1 - 3 . he stop outside the barn door . wardaddy scan the area with he binocular - not a threat in sight ... sgt . Davis 's assistant driver get out and pull open the barn 's big double door ... brddddt ! - he 's nearly cut in half with a long burst ... ( continued ) 79 . continued : the roar of a start tank engine as another fucking TIGER tank emerge from the barn ! brddddddddt - the Tiger fire its coaxial machine gun , spattering sgt. Davis across he turret . its huge cannon line up on Love 1 - 3 and fire ... kaboom ! - the point blank cannon shot tear through the sherman like butter . the ammunition inside explode . ka-wham ! it be a violent and shatter detonation , the turret be throw in the air , the side of the sherman split open like tin foil - another tank die ... on wardaddy - he react , get low in the turret ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) tank ! hit it ! ap ! Three round ! gordo ! get right on he ass . the fury turn and lurch toward the big enemy tank ... the Tiger accelerate out of the barn , collide with the burn wreckage of Davis 's tank , shove it aside ... int . FURY ( moving ) - day Bible traverse the turret . it feel like it 's take forever to aim the main gun at the Tiger ... gordo double clutches and put the fury in 3rd gear . he stomp the gas pedal , white knuckling the steering lever . kaboom ! - Bible fire . miss the tank ... gordo 's periscope Pov - the second Tiger be loom damn close - its turret traversing to line up a shot on the fury ... gordo okay , here we go ! you want I to hit he ? wardaddy do not hit he , you dumbass ! make a tight turn around he ! drive around he and stay close as you can get ! just keep move ! Bible , keep hit he ! boom ! - the Tiger fire ... ( continued ) 80 . continued : ktang ! - it 's a glance strike against the side of the fury cause a burst of SPARKS inside . the noise and shock of the impact stun gordo and norman ... hydraulic oil spray everywhere ... there be a smoking white hot dent where the round strike the hull . the fury fill with smoke . norman be bleed from the scalp ... norman I be hit ! I be hit ! gordo ignore the chaos , keep drive at the Tiger ... wardaddy gordo ! any damage ? gordo I dunno . she still drive . Bible work the power traverse grip - something 's wrong ... the turret stop turning ! - the shell damage its mechanism . bible I lose the power traverse ! he switch to the manual traverse wheel - turn it frantically . the fury 's turret now turn slower - this be very bad ... kaboom ! -- Bible fire again ... bible 's gunsight Pov - the armor pierce shell bounce harmlessly off the Tiger 's turret ... ext . hay field - day it 's a close range tank duel - the two tank be now just yard apart . smoke from the burn sherman 's wash over the battle - lock armored vehicle . wardaddy that 's it ! gordo , drive in a circle around he . we can move faster than he can swing he gun . on the TIGER - as its turret try to catch up to the fury . the smaller , more agile american tank easily drive ina circle around the Tiger ... ( continued ) 81 . continued : but the threaten of the Tiger 's cannon be start to catch up ... int . FURY ( moving ) - day Bible swinging the turret - crank the wheel as fast as he can . sweat pour off he face as he hunt for the soft spot in the Tiger 's armor . kaboom ! - Bible fire . the round just miss , plow into the ground ... bible it 's not that easy . we be move too fast ! norman be scared shitless as he watch all this unfold through he periscope . he trade a worried , desperate look with gordo . ext . hay field - day wardaddy , only he head expose , watch the Tiger . instead of just drive in a straight line - the Tiger now turn toward the fury - its big cannon swinging faster ... the Tiger be maneuver to line up a shot and broadside the american tank . smart bastard ... with he tank damage , wardaddy know he better make a move or they be all go to die ... wardaddy gordo , when I say back up , you back up ! Bible stand by ! i’1l call the shot ! wardaddy wait for just the moment - for the two move tank to align a certain way . the Tiger cannon be nearly in position to fire ! wardaddy ( cont 'd ) gordo ! now ! reverse ! reverse ! the fury jolt to a stop - the same time as : kaboom ! - the Tiger fire ... the cannon rip the sandbag off the front of the fury , miss anything vital . the fury be back up ... ( continued ) 82 . continued : the Tiger realize what be afoot - it start turn in the other direction to protect its vulnerable engine compartment , its huge track chew up the earth ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) Bible ! steady . steady . steady ... wardaddy wait for just the right moment . excruciate tension as the two steel beast dance around each other ... wardaddy ( cont ’d ) now ! kaboom ! - the fury 's cannon fire into the Tiger 's ass ... the round rip through the engine and fuel tank . there be a fireball of burn gasoline ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) again ! int . FURY ( moving ) - day coon - ass feed a fresh shell into the cannon breech ... coon -ass clear ! Bible stomp the foot pedal ... ext . hay field - day kaboom ! - the round punch through the soft armor in the rear of the tank and penetrate the crew compartment ... the ammunition inside explode . the Tiger shudder to a stop . the Driver 's hatch open -- belch a column of flame . the driver try to escape . but the flame be too intense . he 's incinerate right before wardaddy 's eye ... int . FURY ( moving ) Bible breathes a sigh of relief . bible tank destroy . wardaddy put a arm around Bible ... ( continued ) 83 . continued : wardaddy good shoot . bible I be the instrument . not the hand . God do not want we today . norman sag in he seat , exhaust by the tension . wardaddy drop inside the turret . grab the radio mic - realize the radio be trash ... wardaddy Radio 's be eighty - six . we be on we lonesome until Baker company show up . coon - ass light a smoke with shaking hand . gordo wipe the grit from face with a sleeve . gordo I quit . fuck the Army . you can put I in the stockade . take away my name and birthday . find another driver . coon -ass quit ? quit ?! Boy , we get a dollar thirty five a day plus free chow and smoke . a goddamn pay european vacation . best job I have . coon - ass be not try to be funny . he 's shake to he core . wardaddy let they vent . he pass gordo a bottle of brandy . gordo take it and downs a long swig . wardaddy sees norman sit there quietly . cover with hydraulic oil and blood . stare into space . wardaddy have a good time , kid ? norman look at wardaddy and shake he head think '' what the fuck be wrong with this people . '' wardaddy smile . he know norman will be okay . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) we be still open for business . let 's head to the crossroad and keep ‘em out of kraut hand like we have be tell . ( continued ) 84 . continued : ( 2 ) coon -ass with one bust - ass tank ? in case you be not notice , we be it . platoon 's go . the entire platoon . wardaddy be they ? I be sorry , I do not notice . bible Don , you can be a real callous bastard sometimes . wardaddy we get a job to do . we can sit here and bitch about it . or we can go down to that crossroad and bitch about it there . I do not see a hell of a lot of difference , do you ? coon -ass that 's real inspiring . shit , now I wanna storm the gate of Hell and snatch Satan off he throne by he ball . norman turn to wardaddy and deadpan : norman that 's not really true . he just say it to be a asshole . norman just take the sarcasm to another level . the veteran tanker stare at norman -- he be become one of they ... ext . crossroad - dusk the sun be set . the fury move up the road approach the rural tree line intersection with a old house and a Beer hall - there be not a soul in sight . wardaddy scan the terrain with he binocular . he 's look for a good spot to park the fury for the night . the tank be move through the intersection . boom ! - the fury run over a mine - the explosion lift the tank and drop it . the break leave track fall off the drive wheel ... 85 . int . FURY ( moving ) it be a damn hard whack -- Dust and smoke fill the interior . ration and ammunition spill from its rack . sparking electrical short . coon -ass fuck ! another Tiger ! wardaddy calm down . it 's a mine . we hit a mine be all . gordo shake it off . the engine stall . he restart it . put it in gear . let up the clutch . the tank start turn in a circle . gordo we throw a track . ext . FURY - dusk wardaddy aim he .50 Cal at the nearby building . coon - ass exit the turret . examine the break track and the smoking crater the mine make . coon -ass she 's break as fuck . busted a shock too . wardaddy you fix it ? coon -ass yeah . why not ? wardaddy norman ! get out here ! norman exit he hatch - he 's afraid to jump down to the road ... norman what about mine ? wardaddy they be for vehicle . you be not heavy enough to set one off . go with coon - ass and check out that building . I be cover you . go on . ( continued ) 86 . continued : norman look at coon - ass , who shrug . they approach the Old House just up the road ... int . old house - dusk wham ! - coon - ass kick the door . norman join he inside . both man freeze ... what they see - the interior of the house be fill with mine . Big round anti-tank mine to be exact . stack of they . it 's be use as a munition depot . coon - ass slowly back out of there ... coon -ass do not touch nothin’ . norman not plan on it . ext . crossroad - dusk gordo and Bible have start unbolt a section of track from fury 's side . coon - ass shout to wardaddy : coon -ass Whole thing 's full of mine . good thing you do not shoot the shit out of it or we would be drink whiskey with Jesus . wardaddy maybe I will anyway . I could use a drink . keep go . what 's in the other house ? int . Beer hall - dusk wham ! coon - ass kick the door . enter with norman . this place be disturbing in a different way . there be dry blood everywhere . bandage . Medical supplies . cut off bloody uniform and boot . amputate limb . flesh . organs . and a half - dozen dead german soldier who succumb to battle wound . this be a temporary field hospital . coon -ass at least there be not no live kraut to worry about . ( continued ) 87 . continued : it be beyond creepy in here ... norman can we go now ? ext . crossroad - dusk coon - ass and norman return to the fury . gordo use a track break tool to remove the damage track link . Bible probe the road around they for more mine . wardaddy anything ? coon -ass naw , nothing . wardaddy kid , head up by that tree . you go outpost guard . norman nod and head up the road . ext . road sentry position - night norman sit in the roadside ditch . he check he greasegun . it 's load . he set it in he lap . he add drink powder to he canteen . shake it . he open a can of cracker with he little GI can opener . he chew the hard cracker and wash they down with he canteen . he yawn widely . he 's physically and emotionally drain from he first day as a US Army tanker . after be in a tank he feel so alone and expose out here . he hear something . scare , he raise he ugly black weapon . it 's just a owl in the tree . norman relax . he can not keep he eye open . his head fall toward he chest . his heavy eyelid close . and he fall asleep . ext . road sentry position - night later - norman startles awake . gasp for breath . dream he be shot . he check himself for hole . and relax - it be just a dream ... he berate himself for fall asleep . he get on he knee . to a less comfortable position . ( continued ) 88 . continued : then he freeze . and he eye grow wide . what norman sees - move toward he along the dark road be a long column of silhouettes . german soldier - march toward he . a lot of they . more than he 's ever see . there be several hundred . and there 's something about the way they move . theses be not shuffle demoralize conscript . this be health , well equip combat troops - and they be head he way ... norman think for a moment . he have to warn the other ... he get low and slowly back down the ditch ... ext . crossroad - night gordo , coon - ass and Bible work on repair the track . wardaddy sit in the turret , a deadly alert sentry with big machine gun . he can not see the approach man . here come norman at a full run ... wardaddy why good evening , norman . why be not you at you post ? norman they be come . wardaddy who 's come ? norman the Germans wardaddy how many ? norman more than I can count . wardaddy climb down from the turret . wardaddy I be sure it 's some bum look for someone to surrender to . ( to coon - ass ) keep work . I will be right back . wardaddy and norman head up the road ... 89 . ext . road sentry position - night wardaddy and norman move low along the ditch . wardaddy sees the approach troops - silhouettes in the darkness . he can just hear they hobnail boot crunching the road . he grab norman 's arm and drag he out of there . wardaddy -+. c'mon ... ext . crossroad - night wardaddy and norman come run . wardaddy there 's a goddamn ss battalion head this way . gordo bullshit . Bible see he 's dead serious ... bible where be they ? wardaddy march this way . wardaddy 's mind be racing - they face hopeless odd . coon -ass let 's get out of here . they 'il never see we in the dark . let ‘em pass through . wardaddy we be not run . we be fight it out . we will hold this damn crossroad . his man look at he like he 's insane . this be unlike anything they have ever do . coon -ass you wanna sit here in a bust tank and hold off a ss battalion ? ( continued ) 90 . continued : wardaddy no I do not want to . but it 's what we be do . mount up . take you fight position . wardaddy climb aboard the fury . his jaw tense . it 's okay with he . he double check he .50 Cal . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) go on . get outta here . norman look at the other guy . then at wardaddy . he cross to the fury and stand by it , look at the other with cross arm . with that show of bravery , gordo , coon - ass and Bible have no choice but to follow suit . the three man approach the fury . no one have any illusion - this somber , sober choice mean they death . wardaddy smile . as much of a smile as he can muster . then he 's all business . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) we be gonna play dead , like we have do before . let ‘em march right up . then open up with all we get and splatter the asshole all over the road . ( to coon - ass ) grab we one of they dead kraut . coon -ass we gonna have a pig roast ? wardaddy something like that . coon - ass rush off toward the Old House ... wardaddy grab he knife and cut several pack and dufflebag off the tank . he hand norman a gas can ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) give ‘em a good soaking . norman pour the gas on they . gordo grab extra box of ammo from the storage rack and shove they into the tank . Bible be in the turret sing a hymn . he reset the fuze on the cannon shell for close - in work . he wipe the main gun breech down . clean he optic . oil the machine gun . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 2 ) here come coon - ass drag a body ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) hurry up with that sack 'a shit . wardaddy jump down to help . he toss the body on the front of the tank . pull off he jacket and put it on the body . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) toss I that helmet . norman toss he a american helmet . wardaddy strap it on the corpse 's head . he grab the gas can from norman . splashes the body with it . wardaddy light a smoke with a match . then toss the match on the body - fwoomp ! wardaddy light another match and toss it on the pack in the road - fwoomp ! satisfied , he survey he work . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) now they be not gonna see nothing but a shot - out tank with a blow track . get it . button up . the man slip into the fury and close the hatches . it look like a bigger shit pile than when we first see it , bath in the firelight of the burn pack and the german corpse . debris scattered around it , a break track ... int . FURY - night norman line up box of ammunition for he machine gun . he wipe the gun with a rag . gordo load he submachine - gun . stack up extra magazine . he open a case of grenade and remove they safety clip -- pause to swig from he bottle of brandy . coon - ass organize the main gun round . coon -ass we get four round of cannister . four willy pete . twenty three supercharge and thirty three solid shot . wardaddy alright . load cannister . have the other three in you lap . norman what 's cannister ? ( continued ) 92 . continued : wardaddy turn this cannon into a big fuck shotgun . wardaddy pull out a bottle of french cognac . he open it . stare at it like it 's the very gate of Hell . Bible be mortify wardaddy be consider drink it . bible what be you do ? wardaddy might as well get a little tight . wo not be around for the hangover . bible Don . no . coon -ass let the man have a taste . wardaddy pour the booze in he mouth , it splashes down he cheek . norman watch he - if he do not know they be not go to live through this he do now . wardaddy God that 's better than good . like warm honey drip on my heart . he offer Bible the bottle . Bible take it . he meditate on the demon liquor a beat . then : bible I know you hate I preaching , but what we be do be a righteous act . there 's a bible verse I think about sometimes . then I hear the voice of the Lord say , '' whom shall I send ? and who will go for we ? '' and I say , '' here be i. send I . '' that resonate . Bible see it on the face of the man . wardaddy Book of isaiah . chapter six . Bible be floor wardaddy know that ... bible yeah , Don . that 's exactly right . ( continued ) 93 . continued : ( 2 ) Bible drink from the bottle . then hand it to coon - ass . who take a long pull . he pass it to gordo . he take a swig and pass to norman . norman finish the bottle . coon -ass damn son , you be a fight , fuck , drink machine . wardaddy Machine . that 's it . that 's you war name . I christen thee '' Machine '' . gordo / bible Machine ! '' Machine '' - norman like the nickname . he smile . this now make he a full fledge member of the fury 's crew . Bible look through the periscope - react ... bible they be come . the mood instantly switch to one of wary fear . the man take they place behind they weapon . wardaddy watch the enemy draw closer through he periscope . wardaddy .+- nobody do nothing until I say ... wardaddy periscope Pov - the column of ss troopers be close . helmet , boot , weapon clearly visible . they look surprisingly modern in they camouflage uniform . norman sees the ss troopers march closer . it 's agonizing to wait and do nothing . his finger ready on the trigger of he machine gun ... ext . crossroad - night the fast march ss trooper quickly approach the fury . look like nothing more than a disabled tank . a ss lieutenant bark crisp order . ss lieutenant ( in german ) reinhold , take you man and clear that structure . hoehner , ensure the enemy tank be unoccupy . ( continued ) 94 , continued : the ss troopers split off and investigate the Old House and the Beer hall . ten more rush ahead of the march column to investigate the fury . they approach the tank . unconcern . search the various crate for ration and cigarettes like kid on Christmas morning . two trooper climb aboard the tank . int . FURY - night the crew listen to the movement around the tank . the scraping of metal hobnail boot against the tank 's hull . it be hateful to do nothing . Bible 's foot hover above the fire button on the turret floor . eye glue to he periscope . wardaddy wait . watch . a grenade in each hand . coon - ass sweat bullet . wonder why wardaddy do not give the order to shoot . norman 's face press against he scope . he lick he lip . his mouth be bone dry . norman' periscope Pov - he sees a trooper reach for he hatch ... norman aim he greasegun up at he hatch . norman be scared shitless . his hatch open revealing a astonished ss trooper . norman squeeze the trigger of he greasegun ... brdddddddt ! - blow the trooper off the tank . ss lieutenant alarm ! wardaddy hit ‘em ! everything happen at once ... the trooper in the road dive for cover ... Bible stomp the foot switch ... kaboom ! - the main gun fire ... norman pull the hatch shut - clang ! - and open up with the machine gun ... ( continued ) 95 . continued : wardaddy pull the pin of he grenade . he open the '' pistol door '' on the side of the turret . drop the grenade outside . slam the door shut ... ext . FURY - night utter chaos - cannon round tear into the column of man and explode - ss troopers tumble like bowl pin ... brddddddt ! - tracers from fury 's two .30 Cal machine gun slice into ss trooper as they scramble for cover . mowing they down ... boom-boomm ! wardaddy 's grenade explode . blow the two ss trooper off the top of the tank ... kaboom ! the main gun fire again . more trooper be kill ... several trooper run into the building for shelter ... ss officer and ncos bark order try to create order from the madness . int . FURY - night brdddddddt ! - norman jackhammer long burst into run ss troops . Bible fire the coax machine gun in long burst ... the tank fill with smoke from the fire weapon . norman reload he machine gun . wardaddy watch the trooper scatter and run ... wardaddy keep squirting that coax ! traverse right ! steady ... on! Fire ! kaboom ! - Bible fire . the gun spit out the smoking brass shell . coon - ass shove a fresh shell into the breech . coon -ass clear ! boom ! - wardaddy watch where it hit ... wardaddy up fifteen ! right fifteen ! Bible make adjustment to the gun 's hand wheel ... ( continued ) 96 . continued : wardaddy ( cont 'd ) bow gunner ! squirt that asshole run for the house . kaboom ! the gun fire . norman shift he fire ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) okay ! loader . four round of willy Pete up . Bible put ‘em in that building . burn the fuck thing to the ground , they be full ' a kraut . wardaddy 's periscope spin 360 - degree as he turn to continually check the rear of the tank . Bible work the hand wheel and aim at the building . bible on the way ! kaboom ! - he fire the willy Pete shell ... ext . crossroad - old house - night boom ! - the White phosphorous shell hit the wood building and explode with a spectacular burst of burn white hot streamer - it 's like the 4th of July . the tracers , the explosion , the fire . the ss trooper return fire . what wildly beautiful chaos . boom -boom -boom ! - the fury pump three more phosphorous shell into the two building . the building start to burn . bath the area with a warm orange glow ... Burning ss trooper run out of the building ... brddddddt ! - they be cut down by the tank 's machine gun . the fire backlight the ss trooper make they easier for the fury to spot . int . FURY - night the fury be fill with acrid blind smoke from the spend gunpowder . wardaddy watch the destruction ... wardaddy it 's a fuck turkey shoot . ( continued ) 97 . continued : he take a swig from a fresh bottle and light a cigarette , he face shiny with sweat , he eye burn with madness . the coaxial machine gun be glow red hot . so it norman 's machine gun . suddenly norman 's gun '' run away '' - cook off round by itself , zipping through a fresh ammo belt ... norman my gun 's go crazy ! gordo twist the belt , stop the runaway weapon ... gordo it 's over heating ! do not let it burn up . gordo put on a asbestos glove and change the red hot barrel with a fresh one . norman reload and keep fire ... kaboom ! - Bible steadily fire the main gun ... wardaddy 's periscope Pov - he sees a cluster of ss troops hide in a ditch - they shoot at the fury - thwack ! - a bullet strike he periscope shatter it ... wardaddy yank out the break periscope . slap a new one in its place . and continue he observation . wardaddy traverse right . steady . steady . right there . hit ‘em ! kaboom ! - Bible fire ... wardaddy periscope Pov - boom ! - the shell explode in the ditch launching several in the air . then the coax machine gun jam - Red hot , hopelessly overheate . wardaddy put on asbestos glove and wrestle it from its mount . he open the turret 's pistol door and toss the red hot machine gun outside ... he grab a fresh gun pilfere from another tank . lock it into place . reloads it . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) slow it down . do not burn up the gun . ( continued ) 98 . continued : ( 2 ) brddddddddt - the new coax gun start fire . the floor of the turret be cover with spend brass . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) okay ! okay ! no target ! cease fire ! if you do not see ‘em , do not shoot ‘em . can not spare the ammo on guesswork . all fire stop . a sudden deafen silence . wardaddy turn he periscope look for ss trooper . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) we can be damn sure they be work they way behind we . anyone see anything ? bible no nothing . norman I neither . gordo nine o’clock ! bazooka ! wardaddy periscope Pov - he whip the scope around and see a ss trooper aim a anti-tank rocket at the tank ! wardaddy traverse right ! traverse right ! cocksucker 's get a panzerfaust ! Bible turn the hand wheel as fast as he can . the turret steadily move - sweat pour off he face ... the ss trooper fire - fwoosh ! - the anti-tank rocket hiss right past wardaddy 's periscope , just miss the target . norman' periscope Pov - norman see a couple of run shadow ... brddddddt ! - he cut they down . he 's in the zone . hunting for target and hit they ... the turret line up on the tree alongside the road . kaboom-kaboom-kaboom ! - Bible fire three cannon round into the darkness . it 's quiet again . wardaddy look for target . he wipe the sting sweat from he eye with he sleeve . then ... ( continued ) 99 . continued : ( 3 ) fwoosh -boom ! - a anti-tank rocket explode against the turret with a burst of red spark ... a jet of molten steel plasma penetrate - pass right through coon - ass and into the recoil tube of the cannon ... the crew be stunne by the impact . coon - ass absorb the brunt of the blast - a smoking baseball size hole burn through he torso . he 's dead . the recoil tube of the cannon leak hydraulic fluid . there be a small fire . wardaddy grab the extinguisher and put out the fire . the tank be fill with smoke and the stench of char flesh . Bible embrace he dead comrade ... bible oh , grady . oh dear God . please dear God have mercy on this man 's soul . wardaddy he 's go . we gotta fight . Bible will . he 's furious . he mount he seat - then he realize the main gun be damage . oil everywhere . bible recoil assembly 's shot . we can not fire the 75 . wardaddy stay on the 30 . keep knock ‘em down . Bible reload the coaxial machine gun . bible two box leave . we need ammo . they listen to the bullet hit the tank - it sound like rain on tin ... wardaddy scan the area with the periscope . do a complete circle ... wardaddy 's periscope Pov - he see muzzle flash all around they . in the firelight of the burn building , shadow dance and twist . it 's like be stalk by a army of black cat . Bible sees they too and open fire ... ( continued ) 100 . continued : ( 4 ) brddddddddt -brddddddddt - he fire several long burst to keep the german 's head down ... bible ( cont 'd ) I be almost out ! norman I too ! I get two box leave ! wardaddy gordo , gimme one . gordo pass up the 250 round ammo box . wardaddy open it , get the belt ready for Bible . then wardaddy grab several smoke grenade ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) we get ammo outside . I be gonna drop some smoke . gordo , you pop you hatch and lay down some cover fire . Bible and Machine , rip off what you get leave . wardaddy throw open he hatch - pull the smoke grenade pin , toss they in a ring around the tank ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) okay . I be go ! hit it ! wardaddy climb up out of he hatch ... ext . crossroad - FURY - night the smoke grenade gush torrent of dense yellow smoke . gordo open he hatch - fire he Tommy -gun at anywhere he think a german be hide ... next to he , the muzzle of norman 's machine gun spit fire lead and tracers into the night ... wardaddy scramble over the turn turret . to the rack of - 30 Cal ammo box . gordo fire and reloading he tommy-gun ... brddddt ! - Bible fire the last of he ammo . he climb up through wardaddy 's hatch and grab the grip of the big .50 heavy machine gun and let it rip ... rat-at-at-at-at-at-at ! - he 's chopping down a row of tree where at cluster of ss trooper fire at the fury . ( continued ) 101 . continued : it be a scene of inexpressibly wick beauty - the hot orange light of the blaze building . Bright white and pink tracers slash the air . bullet spark against tank steel . Dead and die ss troops in a haze of psychedelic yellow smoke . running shadow . the sharp bright flash of german hand grenade . and the noise ! gunfire , scream , shout . at the centre of it all - wardaddy pull several box of ammo from the turret 's external rack and pitch they into the open hatch ... he hear a scream - a fanatical ss trooper emerge from the wall of yellow smoke - charge and fire he mp40 machine gun ... wardaddy pull the .45 from he shoulder holster ... thwick ! - wardaddy be hit in the arm . wardaddy aim , fire back ... bam-bam-bam-bam ! drop the ss bastard . wardaddy grab Bible 's shoulder - bang away with the .50 Cal - shout in he ear ... wardaddy get in ! get inside ! Bible dive through the hatch . with bullet hit all around . wardaddy climb inside the fury . gordo empty he magazine - brddddt ! - drop inside the tank . clanging the hatch shut behind he . the yellow smoke be clear -- several ss troopers run past camera ... int . crossroad - FURY - night Bible reload he coax gun . wardaddy pass box of ammo to gordo as norman load a fresh belt into he gun . wardaddy back at he periscope look for target . wardaddy we get eight box of ammo . four per gun . make it last . bible you be hit . wardaddy look at he arm and shrug . ( continued ) 102 . continued : wardaddy so be you . that 's when Bible realize blood be run down he neck . his scalp get nick with a bullet . gordo pull the pin out of a grenade . quickly open he hatch and toss it outside . norman concentrate on he periscope , walk he tracers onto the darting shadow outside - gordo see something ... gordo ten o'clock . thirty yard . squirt that guy . norman fire off a long burst . the last of the belt . he crack open another box and reload . gordo ( cont 'd ) hurry up . I think they want to kill we . norman I think you be right . how long can we keep this up ? gordo not long . wardaddy hear hobnail boot on top of the tank - he pull he .45 and open he hatch . a ss trooper be right there ! -- he kick wardaddy 's gun hand , the .45 drop to the turret basket floor . wardaddy reach up and grab the trooper 's leg , pull he down into the tank . wardaddy pull he knife ... the german soldier headbutt wardaddy with he helmet , split he nose . wardaddy be not thwart . he stab the man in the chest . Bible freaking out . bible oh dear God ! wardaddy it 's alright . it 's alright . I get he . gimme a hand . wardaddy and Bible hoist the die german and shove he out of the tank through wardaddy 's hatch . ( continued ) 103 . continued : ( 2 ) wardaddy ( cont 'd ) they be get cocky . wardaddy be in pain . blood soaking he sleeve . bible you be not good leak oil everywhere . wardaddy so patch I up . gordo , get up here and work the thirty . gordo slip into the turret . reloads the .30 Cal and start shoot target . on norman - still shoot . empty brass be up to he ankle . Bible cut open wardaddy 's sleeve . pour sulfa powder on the gunshot wound and bandage it . as Bible tend he wound ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) if a man love the world , the love of the Father be not in he . for all in the world , lust of the flesh , lust of the eye , the pride of life , be not of the Father . but of the world . bible the world and its desire pass away . but he who do God 's will life forever . off Bible 's quizzical look ... wardaddy I once have a long spell with nothing but the good book and my conscience . with he arm patch up , wardaddy recover he .45 pistol . Bible turn to gordo . bible I get it . gordo have a worried look ... gordo brother it 's the last belt . ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 3 ) Bible replace gordo at the gunner 's position . wardaddy be mull they option . Bible turn the turret . firing the coax with its footswitch . on norman - as the last few round feed through he gun ... norman I be out ! I need another can . brddddt ! click ! - that 's when Bible run dry ... bible she 's do . wardaddy that 's it then . there be not more . worried look be trade ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) do not shit you panty . we still get head weapon and the fifty . wardaddy open he hatch and climb out . wardaddy ( cont 'd ) pass I a can of fifty . Bible hand up a box of ammo . ext . crossroad - FURY - night wardaddy reload the .50 Cal . he squint into the shadow . see a man running and fire ... rat-at-at-at-at ! - the man burst like a water balloon . Bible open the gunner 's hatch and join wardaddy with he tommy-gun . then gordo and norman open they hatches , submachine gun ready ... it 's deathly quiet . just the crackle of the burn building . the moan of the wounded Germans . norman ... where be they ? gordo everywhere . a german machine gun open FIRE ! - the big kind that sound like a evil chainsaw . ( continued ) 105 . continued : it spray bullet all over the fury - gordo pull the pin on a grenade , cock he arm to throw it ... thwack ! - gordo be hit through the chest and drop the grenade inside the tank . norman grenade ! wardaddy swing the big .50 on the german mg ... rat -at-at-at-at-at ! - his tracers find the source of the german tracers . the german mg fire stop . int . crossroad - FURY - night gordo be fatally wounded and bleed out - he fumble for the hissing grenade . norman stare at he from across the transmission . he 's fuck - the grenade will kill they both ! gordo smile at norman - then with die strength he hold the grenade tight to he chest ... whoomp ! - gordo 's body absorb the blast , save norman . on norman - he 's just sick . terrify and horrify - and wildly grateful of gordo 's final act . the crew be down to three man . and a couple hundred ss trooper still lurk outside in the dark ... wardaddy norman ! keep shoot , son ! norman grit he tooth . load a fresh man in he greasegun ... ext . crossroad - old house - night norman pop up and fire a long burst into the ditch alongside the tank ... Bible 's Tommy -gun jam - he fight to clear the malfunction . no dice . he toss away the weapon . he jump down from the tank and grab a german assault rifle . he pull magazine from the pouch of dead trooper . ( continued ) 106 . continued : a supposedly dead ss trooper jump to he foot and rush he ! - Bible grab the assault rifle by the barrel and swing with all he might ... crack ! - he catch the ss trooper in the face with the buttstock - teeth go fly . Bible flip the gun around and squeeze the trigger . brddddt ! - finish the job . Bible scramble back to the fury . several german smoke grenade be toss at the fury . they gush dense white smoke - smoke wash over the tank - wardaddy , norman and Bible can not see a thing . wardaddy get ready . they be gonna make a move . wardaddy pull a pin on a grenade . his instinct tell he where to throw it ... boom ! - the grenade explode - follow by the scream of the soldier it maim ... ss voice ( in german ) you motherfucker ! we be go to skin you alive ! wardaddy ( in german ) you mother 's in here . she can not talk now . her mouth 's full . ss voice I will cut off you fingertip and make you eat they ! wardaddy shut up and send I more pig to kill ! suddenly dozen of german weapon open up simultaneously . it be a unbelievable volume of fire . wardaddy fire back blindly into the smoke ... rat-at-at-at-at-at-at-at-at ! - he run out of ammo ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) Bible ! ammo ! ( continued ) 107 . continued : ( 2 ) Bible drop into the turret and grab a box of ammo off the rack . he climb up and hand it to wardaddy . thwack ! - Bible be hit in the head and instantly kill . he clatter back into the tank . now it 's just norman and wardaddy . on norman - helplessly cower for he life as bullet ricochet all around he ... thwack -thwack ! - wardaddy be hit twice ... wardaddy ( cont ’d ) button up ! wardaddy drop inside the tank and close the hatch . norman close he hatch . int . crossroad - FURY - night the bullet strike the tank sound like gravel hit sheet metal . wardaddy hold Bible . he have a massive head wound . wardaddy be devastate . he gently wipe the blood from Bible 's face . wardaddy I be sorry , boyd . I do my best . norman watch this - the ss trooper be go to finish they off at any moment . norman sees wardaddy be bleed heavily from gunshot wound ... norman you be wounded . wardaddy notice he two new bullet hole for the first time . wardaddy sure be . norman sergeant collier ? wardaddy my name 's don. norman sorry . Don ? wardaddy yeah kid ? ( continued ) 108 . continued : norman I be scared . wardaddy I be scared too . wardaddy light a cigarette . find he bottle of cognac and take a belt . offer norman the bottle , it 's cover with blood . norman wipe the bottle . take a sip . wardaddy be fade fast . norman will soon be alone ... norman I want to surrender . wardaddy please do not . they 's 1ll hurt you real bad . and kill you real bad . wardaddy take a drag on he cigarette . the hatch above he be open . with casual ease , wardaddy pull he .45 - aim up at the hatch . bam-bam-bam-bam-bam-bam-bam-bam ! - he empty the pistol and the hatch drop shut . he eject the mag . move slow from blood loss . the gun slick in he hand . he pat he pocket look for a fresh mag ... the hatch open - three grenade be dropped inside ! smoke , hissing , deadly . wardaddy look at norman who be freeze with fear ... wardaddy ( cont 'd ) go. norman snap into action . he dive into the driver 's seat , push gordo 's body aside - he open the emergency escape hatch and dive through ... ext . crossroad - underneath the FURY - night norman be under the tank . without a weapon ! boom-boom -boom ! - the grenade explode inside the tank . with that norman know wardaddy be no more . norman be all alone . around he he hear angry cursing german voice ... norman crawl into the crater make by the land mine that break the track . he make himself as small as possible , pull dirt in over himself . bury himself ... 109 . ext . crossroad - night ss trooper everywhere . they medic attend to they wounded . they swarm over the fury . open she hatches . aim they weapon inside and ... brdddt -brddddt ! - make sure all the occupant be dead . ext . crossroad - underneath the FURY - night a young trooper look beneath the tank with a flashlight . norman , nearly entirely bury , follow the path of the light beam with he one expose eye ... the light play across the undercarriage . norman 's heartbeat feel excruciate loud . blood pound in he ear . a ss officer shout ... ss officer ( in german ) let 's go ! we be behind schedule ! move it ! hurry up ! let 's move ! the Young trooper turn off the light . he stand and walk away . Iron boot heel crunching the road ... norman thanks he higher power . he may just survive this thing . then the boot stop . and return ... norman try to be one with the roadbed . the trooper lay down - click - shine the light directly in norman 's face . he 's be discover . on the young trooper - now we see he face . he 's a kid , young than norman . a boy in uniform . he look norman in the eye . norman slowly lift he hand in surrender . his oil and blood soak finger emerge from the dirt and dust . the Young trooper smile weakly - '' I will not hurt you . '' then turn off the light and walk away . norman sag with anxious relief . shrill whistle . shout as the sergeant get they squad on the march again . jackboot crunch the road as the ss formation continue down the road . 110 . ext . crossroad - underneath the FURY - night the ss troops be march away in the distance . on a pointless and doom mission against overwhelming ally army steamrolling across Germany . now it 's quiet . Dead quiet . norman , bury in he hole , finally succumb to exhaustion . his eye close . he pass out curl in he womb of dirt . ext . crossroad - FURY - dawn distant rooster crow . the escape hatch slowly open . it 's norman - he slip inside the fury . he force he way past gordo 's body . then cover gordo with a jacket . he move to coon - ass and cover he . then Bible , he gently cross he arm over he chest . there 's wardaddy . sitting there . the grenade have make a mess of he . norman take off he jacket and cover he up . he pause . gently pick up wardaddy 's big callouse hand . he look at he palm . traces the line a moment . as if to confirm something he already know . then he set it down . norman find wardaddy 's knife on the floor of the turret basket . he pick up the knife and run he thumb along all the notches . norman hear something . Movement outside the tank . and voice ! he freeze . unsure what to do . this kid be traumatize , he 's in no condition to fight Nazis ... alone and scared . norman sit there tremble , hold wardaddy 's knife for protection ... the hatch open - it 's a soldier ... a american soldier - one we recognize - the huge dirty soldier from Baker company - he look at norman with war weary eye . wipe he nose on he sleeve and shout to he buddy . huge dirty soldier one 's alive ! ext . crossroad - day the fury be shot to hell , burnt and scar . Baker company soldier be gather around she . ( continued ) 111 . continued : norman be pull out of the hatch and laid onto a stretcher . two medic carry norman to a wait half - track . medic you be a hero . you know that ? norman do not know what that mean . or really care . it be clear from the churn angst in he eye he will never , ever be the same . crane up - until we look straight down on the crossroad and see the true scope of the fight , of the carnage ... laid out in a ring around the tank for fifty yard be a couple hundred dead ss trooper ... norman be load into the half - track . it slowly drive away . -- the end --