g.i. joe : the rise of cobra written by Stuart beattie , John Lee hancock , Brian koppelman &amp ; David levien November 3rd , 2007 darkness . silence . the follow word sear onto screen : whenever a new breed of evil emerge , a new breed of solider must fight it . -- general clayton " hawk " abernathy ext . the bastille - paris - night a heavy night mist swirl around the impose stone wall of the bastille . prison guard patrol outside with they pike as the scream of prisoner echo out the bar window . super : paris , 1641 int . prison block - bastille prison - night a pair of huge prison guard walk down a row of filthy prison cell . whimper , starve prisoner appear and disappear in the flicker light of the wall torch . a large rat nibble some stale bread in the corner , watch the guard . finally , the two guard reach a cell whose prisoner be not at all whimper or starve . a huge Scotsman with a proud defiance in he eye , a red square medallion dangle around he neck , glare through the bar . this be jame mccullen . the guard unlock he cell door , matchlock musket at the ready . mccullen stare at the musket , unimpress . he speak with a thick Scottish brogue . mccullen still use matchlock , be ya ? I can get you a pair of flintlock , you let I sneak out of here . everyone else in this sequence speak with a french accent . guard # 1 ( tempted ) good one ? the other Guard glare at he . mccullen go for the kill . mccullen the best . from Spain . and perhaps a couple of pretty young lady to teach you how to use they . Guard # 1 be even more tempt , but he partner be a loyalist . guard # 2 on yer foot , you Scottish pig . 2 . int . furnace - bastille prison - night huge , sweaty , bare - chest prison worker mould something in a furnace , a large chunk of metal in they red hot tong . the two prison guard muscle mccullen into the room and start to fasten he to a stand rack as a priest begin recite the Lord 's prayer in Latin . the warden step up and read the charge off a scroll of paper . warden James mccullen , you have be find guilty of treason for the sale of military arm to the enemy of we Lord King Louis xiii ... even whilst you sell arm to we Lord himself . mccullen you King be a vile bag of filth who murder he own ally . I should have charge he double . warden you try to overthrow the Crown in conspiracy with its enemy ! mccullen they offer I a chancellorship , because unlike you simpleton King , they know that be the mccullen destiny , to run the war , the true power , not simply to supply arm . warden do you have anything else to say before the sentence be carry out ? mccullen yes , I do . clan mccullen be far bigger and more powerful than any of you could ever imagine . my son will continue to rise along after I be go . as will they son . and , God willing , they son . ( smile ) it shall not end with my death . the warden smile back sinisterly . warden oh , we be not go to kill you , mccullen . we be go to make a example of you . 3 . the warden give a nod to the prison worker who remove the metallic object from the fire . mccullen see what it be before we do and he face fill with fear . it 's a metal mask be carry towards he , the hinge open with a hideous creak . mccullen begin to struggle against the rack . warden ( cont 'd ) so that no man , woman , nor child may ever see you treacherous face again , you shall wear this mask for the term of you natural life . the mask close around he face . the worker melt the lock . mccullen scream . and we push in on the red square medallion . ext . NATO headquarters - brussel - day the many flag of NATO flap outside its massive headquarters . super : NATO headquarters , belgium mccullen ( v.0 . ) War use to be the exception . now it be the new state of play , a constant , unavoidable ... int . briefing chamber - NATO headquarters - day the red square medallion around the neck of jame mccullen , gaze over a lectern in a darken room . like he doom ancestor , mccullen carry a proud defiance in he eye . mccullen tragic as they be to fight , war must be win . but perhaps they do not have to be as destructive as they have be in the past . a series of complex schematics roll continuously on a screen behind he . mccullen be briefing twenty - two NATO military commander , many of they listen in translation headphone . mccullen ( cont 'd ) nano-mite . perfect little soldier . they size can be program as well as they intend task . originally develop to isolate and destroy cancer cell , but at Mars industry , and with the help of a little NATO funding ... 4 . a few laugh around the room . mccullen soak it up . mccullen ( cont 'd ) .we discover how to program they to eliminate most anything . for instance ... metal . on screen : a soldier fire a shoulder - launch missile at a tank . the warhead burst into million of silver microscopic nano -mite which eat away the metal like piranhas devour a horse . then the nano-mite fan out from the consume tank and quickly head for a nearby jeep . mccullen ( cont 'd ) once the target have be destroy , the launcher triggers a kill switch unique to each warhead that short - circuit the nano-mite , prevent any unwanted destruction . on screen : the soldier hit a kill switch on the launcher and the nano-mite instantly " drop dead " around the nearby jeep . mccullen ( cont 'd ) each warhead contain seven million nano-mite and have the ability to eat anything from a single tank to a entire city . ( to consummate salesman ) but without innocent casualty . which be why this have be such a priority for I and my company . the room break into applause . focus on general hawk , a british veteran or countless battle , not buy it . hawk guess you will be the first arm dealer up for the Nobel peace Prize . laughter in the room . mccullen smile , be a good sport . mccullen I prefer the term " armament solution engineer " ( more chuckle ) gentlemen ! I be pleased to announce that tomorrow morning you first order of nanotech warhead will ship from my factory in kyrgyzstan . 5 . int . mar factory - night four glass - like warhead , each the size of a softball , be place into four separate compartment inside a weapon case by a pair of lab worker . the kill switch be secure next to each warhead . as the case be close and lock we see the mar industry red square medallion logo on its cover . super : kyrgyzstan , central asia int . men' room - mar factory - night a pair of dog tag drop into frame in slow motion . we see the name : " hauser , conrad R . " still not see he face , we watch we soldier strap into he body armor and clip on he battle harness . his name tag simply read : " duke " . he load he into the mirror ( be that a look of disdain ? ) and we get we first glimpse of we hero , a handsome , rugge combat veteran with a battle scar under he right eye . the sound of retching come from the stall behind Duke . there be a flush and a strapping young special force soldier , stalworth , step out . he go to the sink next to Duke and splashes water on he face . he 's pale and sweaty . duke the hell 's wrong with you , stalworth , you do not eat that Chicken a La King at chow do ya ? stalworth the mission , sir ... duke what about it ? another day , another run . stalworth never have anything to worry about before . stalworth 's shaky hand pull a photo out and show it to Duke : a young mother with a newborn in she arm . stalworth ( cont 'd ) Three week old . be see he for the first time next leave . Duke look at the picture , then at stalworth . his eye go distant think about he own past , then they harden again . 6 . duke you be off the mission . stalworth Sir ? duke that 's what you want , right ? stalworth do not argue . Duke hand he back the photo . duke ( cont 'd ) if you head 's with they , you be no good to I . stalworth nod . Duke step closer , now one mean s.o.b . duke ( cont 'd ) one thing , though : you step off this one , you be out of special force . gonna find you a nice desk and chair back at the base . you be be run of the mill . regular . stalworth I ... I guess I can live with that . duke then you should . stalworth nod , grab he kit , and leave . Duke 's hard eye watch he go , then a slight smile crease he lip ... int . corridor - NATO headquarters - day mccullen exit the briefing room into the corridor outside , shaking hand with various military commander . Hawk watch with he aide , a gorgeous german Lieutenant , courtney " cover girl " krieger . when mccullen be alone , Hawk make he move . hawk Mr mccullen , Clayton aernathy , british Army . mccullen ( shaking hand ) I know who you be General hawk . as sharp in a briefing room as you reputation be on the battlefield . 7. hawk not hardly ... you give I a broad target , I could not resist . mccullen it 's a honor to meet a man of you many accomplishment . mccullen smile , then offer Hawk to walk with he . mccullen ( cont 'd ) what 's on you mind , General ? hawk you warhead . secure they in transit . forty pair of ear in that room now know the when and where . mccullen that " ear " all have top security clearance . hawk we both know what that 's worth . mccullen look , General , delivery be my responsibility and it 's not one I take lightly . I have NATO assign a elite american special force unit , a fully armored convoy with air support . I assure you , my warhead will be quite safe . hawk I have make a career of show up where I be need , whether order to or not . and if you warhead be half as effective as you say they be .. then my unit be need . mccullen this be no time to play catch up . the NATO team 's be drilling for week . they be light up and ready to roll . hawk my unit do not need mission specific training . they be choose because of they ability to handle any situation . 8. mccullen maybe next time , General ... ( move to go , stop ) what do you say you unit be call ? hawk I do not . I just say they be always ready . mccullen continue on down the hall . Hawk give cover girl a look , she read it and nod . we smash CUT to : int . high - tech delivery BAY - mar factory - night a four man security detail escort two lab worker as they enter a high - tech delivery bay and wlak past two " cougar " patrol vehicle and a huge armore " grizzly truck , all armed with state - of - the- art rooftop weapon . fifteen special force soldier stand at attention in front of Duke . duke all right , listen up , the cougar will be front and back , Grizzly in the middle carry the package . minimum distance at all time . chopper will cover we overhead . the Lab worker step up . lab worker # 1 Captain hauser . Duke turn to they and start signing form as wallace " ripcord " weem take the case while a little short on academic credential , rip be long on confidence , charm , and courage . this two guy be as close as brother , for better and for worse . rip look at the Lab guy with a jokey grin . ripcord not gonna explode , be it ? lab worker ( dead serious ) they be not weaponize yet . and the kill switch be attach to the launcher . all the same , I would avoid pothole if I be you . ripcord stare , then quickly hand the case off to another soldier . Duke shoot he a look and ripcord shrug , what ? 9 . ripcord why not stick it in a chopper and fly it out ? if you want , I could -- duke -- we have we order . okay , people ! we be on the clock , let 's move . ripcord mount up ! Duke give rip another look . rip throw he a cheesy grin . the team mount up . the weapon case to Grizzly . engine ignite . headlight beam . and the convoy roll out . ext . mar factory - kyrgyzstan - night the convoy charge out of the heavily guard factory gate , pass a sign : " military armament research syndicate " . two blackhawk helicopter swoop in and follow the convoy . int . lead cougar - mar factory - night ripcord drive the lead cougar , Duke beside he . two more guy in back , remotely pan a rooftop dual machine gun . duke ( into radio ) mother Goose , this be Bird Dog . we have the package and be on the dot to make ganci Air base be 0900 . ripcord you know , I hate all the mother Goose , bird Dog crap , I just wish they would let we say , " hey , Pete , it 's Bill , see ya in a few . " duke not I , I join up for the jargon . voice on radio Roger that , Bird Dog . mother Goose out . ripcord just say , you know , if I run thing ... 10 . duke rip , if you run the Army we would stay up all night , fill we canteen with tequila , and call each other " bro " . ripcord but we would be badass , right bro ? duke ( with a sigh ) yeah , we would be badass . eye on the road , rip . ext . convoy - mountain road - dawn the two blackhawks sweep through the sky , silhouett by the rise sun . below they , the convoy be thunder down a wind road amid the magnificent tian shan Mountain Range . int . / ext . rear cougar - mountain road - day a radar dish on the rear cougar sweep vigilantly . Inside , a special force soldier watch the radar monitor , clear except for two steady : signature " , the blackhawks . int . / ext . lead cougar - mountain road - day in the lead cougar , Duke and ripcord keep they eye out . ripcord hey Duke , ya know how they always tell you to empty you head of distracting thought on this run ? duke keep you eye on the road , rip . ripcord and you know how people sometimes joke that it must be easy fr I to keep my mind empty ? duke do not listen to them . you get plenty of thought up there . ( into radio ) keep rear security tight , boy . 11 . ripcord well , the second I try and make myself not have thought , I always have them . like now , know what I be think about ? duke please do not say the Air force . ripcord the Air force . duke I think we be do with that discussion . ripcord you be do with it , not I . look , I loev fly ... Duke " mouth " the follow sentence as ropcord say it : ripcord ( cont 'd ) I have be fly since I be thirteen year old . ripcord shoot he a look . Duke just smile . duke I do not think you daddy 's crop duster count as hour logge . ripcord jet , man , jet . you know I always qualify when I be on leave . duke yeah , yeah , look , you want to get up in the air , we will get you a trampoline back at the base . ripcord we have do ten year in the Army , I just think we should see if the grass really be greener . duke this continue to be the stupidest idea you have ever come up with , no that 's say something . ripcord funny . Real funny . 12 . duke I do not wanna transfer to the Air Force , okay ? ripcord it 's always about you , be not it ? give I one good reason ? duke I want to be in the fight , not fly over it . ripcord wo not be say that when you call in a air strike and I come scream in to save you -- duke -- eye on the road , rip . ext . convoy - mountain road - day behind the blackhawks and the convoy a ominous , dark shape suddenly drop into frame . engine exhaust blur we view of the aircraft , but we can tell that it 's pursue the convoy . int . / ext . rear cougar - mountain road - day on the rear cougar 's radar screen , we see the two blackhawk signature still appear in position .. . but nothing else . int . lead cougar - mountain road - day they hit a pothole . ripcord grimace , then realize -- ripcord hey , on the training run be not there herder around here ? this put Duke instantly on the alert . ext . convoy - mountain road - day too late . concussion cannon slide out of port on both side of the dark shape . they fire simultaneously . the subatomic blast punch into the front blackhawk , crush it like a beer can on you forehead . it explode and drop . 13 . int . / ext . lead cougar - mountain road - day Duke and rip see the hall of flame metal crash in front of they , block the convoy 's path . rip hit the brake . ripcord Jesus Christ ! Bird down ! duke ( urgent , but utterly calm ) back up ! back up ! back up ! ( into radio ) mother Goose , this be Bird Dog . we be under attack . repeat -- we be under attack ! ext . convoy - mountain road - day the second blackhawk pivot to see the dark shape , -- it 's like a giant helicopter without rotor , hover on six jet thruster . it 's a next - gen " typhoon " gunship . the blackhawk hose the typhoon with its six - barrel mini - gun . but the round bounce off the typhoon 's angle armor . the concussion cannon fire at the second blackhawk , catch it on the nose , crush it into a flame ball and send it reeling ass-over-tail - rotor into the ground behind the rear cougar , hemming in the convoy . the Grizzly launch two heat - seeking missile off its roof - turret , but the typhoon gun they down and fire again . the blast land directly on top of the rear cougar , literally flatten it as well as every tree within a hundred foot . int . / ext . lead cougar - mountain road - day Duke see it all in he rear view mirror , yell into radio : duke out ! everyone get out of the vehicle ! now ! int . / ext . grizzly - mountain road - day a final concussion blast land between the last two vehicle now . spin the Grizzly . it 's window shatter and a thousand lethal glass shard shoot inside , kill the driver . the cougar flip end over and land in a ditch . 14 . int . lead cougar - mountain road - day Duke and ripcord land on the upturn ceiling , beat to shit . Duke quickly check on the two guy in back crush to death where the blast cave in the cougar 's armor . he look at rip . duke you okay ? ripcord ( day ) yeah , except for all the blood . Duke see blood on the back of rip 's head . then they hear a loud roar and turn to see the typhoon hover by the Grizzly . ripcord ( cont 'd ) who the hell be that ? Duke grab ripcord and start drag he out . ext . convoy - mountain road - day a side door on the typhoon hiss open to reveal six " viper " , menace foot soldier clad head to toe in black battle armor , and armed with fearsome pulse rifle . they exit the typhoon and spread out to kill anyone leave . the decimate special force troops in the Grizzly OPEN FIRE with assault rifle , but the bullet can not penetrate the vier ' armor . the viper fire back , the impact from they pulse rifle crush the soldier ' body , armor and all , and fling they backwards . two Soldiers pop two fragmentation grenade and toss they toward the typhoon . the viper shoot one grenade out of the air with they pulse rifle . it explode well out of range as the other grenade land on the ground int he middle of the pack . another shot from a pulse rifle punch the grenade six foot underground . a dull whoomp , lift the ground by a foot . meanwhile , another figure emerge out of the typhoon . Long , slender leg in high black boot , the rest if she cover in black , form - fitting body armor . she 's beautiful , exotic , and most of all , lethal . she 's know in certain circle only as " the baroness " but we will know she as ana . her dark glass glint menacingly as she stride towards the Grizzly . the two special force Soldiers who throw the grenade pop up to shoot she . but she quick -draw a pair of pulse pistol . boom ! boom ! the shot crush both soldier . 15 . Ana flip the pistol back into she holster as a viper blow the back door off the Grizzly , allow she to climb inside . she blithely step around the corpse and remove the weapon case . Duke now have rip ver he shouder and be run like hell . ripcord Duke ? duke shut up . ripcord if I die ... duke you be not gonna die . ripcord I just want you to know ... you never could run worth a damn . duke Jesus , rip . ripcord I be just say , it 's be nice if you could move a little faster . and that 's when the cougar blow , a concussive blast . Ana turn with the weapon case in time to see Duke and rip go ass -over - teacup down into a ditch . she touch the stem of she glass which zoom in on Duke . down in the ditch : Duke roll over and look at rip . duke stay here . ripcord ( really mess up ) sure . duke I be gettin ' that package . Duke leap up and haul - ass down the ditch , then crouch -run up the embankment . -- and come face to face with a viper , who raise he pulse rifle , about to blow Duke away . a hand clamp down over the barrel . the viper look at Ana beside he . Duke also look at she , a flash of shocking recognition ripple across he face . 16 . Ana touch the stem of she glass and the dark lense turn clear , revealing she gorgeous eye . duke ( cont 'd ) what the hell ...? her face soften hesitantly . ana hello , Duke ... then she round house kick he with she boot across the face , knock he out on he ass . ana ( cont 'd ) you have to admit you have that come . Ana struggle with something go on inside she head . then she face reluctantly harden and she take she hand off the first viper 's gun barrel , give Duke a apologetic look . ana ( cont 'd ) good-bye , Duke . Duke can not believe it . Ana suddenly glance up at something behind Duke . it 's a " howler " transport rocketing onto the scene , its four- winge jet thruster rotate ninety degree to slow it into a hover . Duke take the opportunity to jump to he foot and lay out in the viper . Ana turn and haul - ass . a black -clad figure fast rope down out of the howler and land behind a viper and snap he neck . move in a blur , he draw and bury a katana blade into another viper . then he glance at the last viper who 's lining up on he , too far away to reach with he sword . he quick - draw a glock pistol . bam ! right between the eye slit in he helmet . all this in the space of six breathless second . Duke glance at the almost mystical figure of snake - eye sheathing he sword on he back while holster he smoking Glock . red ninja clan marking on he tri-cep . bad-ass define . snake - eye leap behind the cougar wreck as a pulse burst just miss he . Duke immediately take off after Ana , he eye lock on the weapon case in she hand , pulse burst crackle past he head . he curse under he breath : duke Air Force .. .right . 17 . a viper line up on Duke , but a laser - like arrow bolt rip through he eye-slit and electrocute he , courtesy of shana " scarlett " o'hara who fast - rope down from the howler , hold a gas-propulsion crossbow pistol . she line up on another viper , but he 's too quick , duck behind the grizzly . but scarlett 's crossbow pistol viewfinder snap a image of he face armor . she dart behind the cougar wreck with snake - eye , swiftly target the viper 's eye-slit on she pistol 's LED screen . then she fire behind she , in the complete other direction to the viper , the arrow bolt fly away , then turn around and zeroe in on the viper , find he behind cover , the smart - arrow slam right through he eye-slit . another viper see this and bolt toward the typhoon , but lamont " heavy duty " morris lean out of the landing howler hold a dual machine gun / grenade launcher . only a man this big can carry such a weapon . heavy duty time to lay down some bass ! he fire a grenade and the viper fly back out of frame . you blink , you miss it . boom ! the typhoon fire at heavy duty , but the howler be just as nimble , fire its left - side thruster which roll it onto its side . the concussion blast whip past and decimate the forest behind it . hanging awkwardly , heavy duty fire a double blast of hand grenade . the typhoon 's mini-gun quickly shoot they out of the air . the howler fire missile which hit the concussion cannon and rip they apart . the typhoon shake . Ana race for the recover typhoon . Duke race after she through a hail of pulse- fire and draw he pistol . duke Ana ! she whirl around , draw the weapon case over she chest and face , use it as a shield . Duke hesitates , because of the warhead or Ana ? heavy duty go to shoot at she . scarlett the warhead ! heavy duty reluctantly do not shoot , everyone watch Ana backpedal towards the wait typhoon . Duke charge like a bull and tackle she . Ana sprawl and the case tumble free . Duke and Ana go eye- to - eye for a split second , then Duke go after the case while the joe take the opportunity to spray gunfire she way . Ana zig , zag , and dive into the typhoon , which be rake by the bullet . 18 . Duke grab up the case as the typhoon launch into the sky and disappear over a rise ... silence ... scarlett , snake -eye and heavy duty now approach Duke , who whirl around at they , pistol up , eye wild . duke stand down ! stand the hell down ! heavy duty lower you weapon , Sir . we be not the enemy . duke point weapon at I do not make you my friend . abel " breaker " shaz jump out of the howler wear a computerize surveillance suit , a french / tunisian accent : breaker please hand over the case , sir . duke I do not know who you be , and I sure as hell do not know who they be , and until I find out , I be not lowering anything or handle anything over . click -clack . they turn to see ripcord shoulder a rifle . ripcord what 's you unit ? scarlett that 's classified . snake - eye discreetly grab shrunken throwing star from he belt , but a look from scarlett make he out they back . breaker someone would like a word with you . breaker set a holo-projector on the ground in front of Duke , which project a 3d image of general hawk . Duke be stunne . hawk State you name and rank . duke . you first . 19 . hawk my team just save you life . now 's the part where you say " thank you " . duke that be not the word that come to mind just now . we be not tell about any support for this mission , so you better tell you team to stand down . ripcord eye he sight . ripcord happy to turn this into a turkey shoot . someone off-projector hand Hawk a file , he look at it . hawk you must be ... ripcord , expert marksman , weapon specialist , jet qualified -- ripcord ( to Duke ) told ya . hawk I be General Clayton abernathy . you may have hear of I , . Duke . a glint of recognition flicker across Duke 's eye , he nod . duke General hawk . Afghanistan , NATO forward Command ... breaker see he chance and gingerly step up to Duke and start sweeping a scanner across the case . Hawk smile . hawk that be my last job . ( a twinkle in he eye ) I be in a whole new outfit now . Duke swivel he gun to breaker 's head . breaker flinch . breaker just need to deactivate its tracking beacon , for security . 20 . hawk Hand over the weapon case son , and let we deliver the warhead . duke no way . I sign for them . my mission , my package . I carry they , I deliver they . breaker 's scanner beeps . he key a button . the beeping promptly stop . he throw a look at Duke . breaker be not hard , be it ? duke Fine . but you seem to be a little short on transportation a the moment . team Alpha will deliver you to I . duke ( cont 'd ) and where exactly be you , General ? int . control room - the pit - day Hawk stand in front of a holo - cam amongst a sea of computer , cover girl behind he , Duke on a monitor . hawk come see for yourself . ext . howler - egyptian skie - dusk the howler skim over the giant pyramid of giza , a caravan of camel below . the aircraft continue out into the golden desert , too fast for anybody to get a good look at it . int . howler - skie - dusk scarlett be clean ripcord 's head wound . ripcord hey , you be cute . scarlett he 's go into shock . ripcord what 's you name , darlin' ? 21 . snake - eye stab ripcord hard int he arm with a drip -needle , rip angrily eyeball he and stifles a scream . scarlett I think all the special ops guy be tough . ripcord we be tough ... . but also sensitive . ( feel the drug ) whoa , that 's some mucho primo stuff you give I . rip be high now , he eye float up to heavy duty who stare back at he . rip reach out to touch he well - cropped hair . ripcord ( cont 'd ) .and a kung - fu grip . heavy duty the name 's heavy duty . Duke have the weapon case on he lap . duke what kind of outfit be this ? not regular Army base on the accent . ( to scarlett ) I have you as a aussie ... ( look to heavy duty ) and you be a johannesburger ... ( then breaker ) and you : french North Africa . algier ? breaker tunisia . where be you bear ? ripcord be you kid I ? Duke be not bear , he be government - issue ! duke but somehow you be all in the same unit . one you can not tell I the name of right ? scarlett we would get toss for tell . 22 . ripcord Duke , Duke , do not you get it : they be super secret , they be Mission impossible . this tape 's gonna self - destruct in five -- duke -- you be gonna go after they be not you ? the one that hit my convoy . ( silence ) then whoever you be , whatever this unit be , I want in . breaker not we call . ripcord sit up , really woozy , look at scarlett . ripcord I want in too . that way we can spend some bunker time together . a sword suddenly slice across rip 's face , a inch away . it 's snake - eye , check he blade , seemingly innocent . but the message be not lose on ripcord . scarlett look at Duke . scarlett you two a team or something ? ripcord we have be together forever . ( off she look ) but not like that . hi , I be ripcord . scarlett why do they call you that ? breaker laugh , read ripcord 's file : breaker because he name be wallace weem ! int . security room - the pit - day eight security technician sit around a island console in a small , windowless room . work they keyboard and watch the holographic image of the howler soar across the dune . a technician hit a large switch on he console . security technician # 1 Alpha - one , this be base . you be clear or entry . 23 . ext . howler - skie - day and a huge sand dune directly in front of howler spiral open to reveal a cavernous hole . the howler 's thruster twist vertical and it drop like a helicopter into the hole . super : Global integrate Joint operate entity . int . landing platform - the pit - day the howler descend beneath the surface onto a dark platform as the roof spiral shut and flood light switch on . the door of the howler open and the team step out . Duke and ripcord follow hesitantly with the weapon case . a voice call out to they from the shadow : hawk ( o.s. ) welcome to the new pit! Duke and ripcord turn to see hawk and cover girl walk out from behind the light . hawk ( cont 'd ) Duke . duke General . hawk I have read a lot about you two . ripcord okay , look , I do not " steal " that blackhawk , I be borrow it ... Duke shoot he a look . Hawk step right up to Duke . hawk matter of fact , I see that one of my subordinate try to recruit you to we little operation a while back . duke I be never ask to join any op group . hawk remember a tall gentleman approach you in Thailand when you be on leave , four year ago ? 24 . duke vaguely . hawk right before you tore up the bar ? ripcord four year ? my man have some issue . Duke shoot he another look , then turn back to Hawk . duke this do not look like any tac op I have ever see . where be we ? hawk okay , you trust I by go with my team , so I will trust you . there 's a loud metallic clang and part of the platform begin to descend . they pass the urban combat level where men and women be training with next - gen urban warfare equipment . hawk ( cont 'd ) technically , GI joe do not exist . but if it do , it would be comprise of the top man and woman from the best military unit all over the world . the alpha dog ... they see a pretty woman sip into a next - gen camo - suit , which reflect and refract light , make she nearly invisible . ripcord oh man , I want one of that . breaker the suit or the girl ? ripcord both . scarlett 's eye roll . they descend into the desert combat level , where soldier train with desert warfare equipment . hawk ten nation sign on in they first year . work together , share intel . now we have twenty - three . 25 . duke I have never see combat gear this sleek , what 's the trick ? scarlett liquid armor . they reach the deep sea combat level where dozen of man and woman be testing fantastic next - gen underwater vehicle . hawk ( o.s. ) good news be we have be pretty successful so far . the bad news be whenever we manage to shut down one organization , another spring up in its place . ripcord who could possibly fund all this ? heavy duty Oprah . int . control room - the pit - day Hawk now lead the group into the Control room where more technician man console . Duke still have the weapon case . control room technician # 1 Mr. mccullen 's stand by , Sir . hawk patch he through , please . duke so who hit we out there ? cover girl currently unidentified . heavy duty and how would that bitch in leather get a jump jet like ours ? scarlett whoever she be , she 's clearly well - finance , with access to highly classified intel and state of the art weaponry . they capability be beyond anything we have ever encounter . 26 . ripcord that 's the reason we get we ass kick . Duke betray nothing . Hawk look at he . hawk we be go to need to find out everything we can about she . know be half the battle . ripcord what 's the other half ? mccullen now appear next to ripcord and walk through he . ripcord ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! and we realize mccullen be here courtesy of a holo - projector . a ring of camera provide he with image of the joe . hawk gentlemen , this be James mccullen , ceo of mar industry , the man who build this warhead . we intercut this scene with mccullen stand in front of a holo - cam in a small room somewhere . the holographic image of hawk , Duke , and the other around he . mccullen General , most man I have encounter in this business over - promise and under-deliver . you be the opposite . clearly , you be the security option I should have choose . on duke : steam behind he military demeanor . duke my team do everything we could out there . a lot of good man go down -- mccullen -- but not you . duke that mission be classified , sir . clearly , somebody sell we out . 27 . mccullen I have spend ten year and thirteen billion euros create this four warhead . you job , Captain , be to protect they , and if it be not for General Hawk , you would have fail . hawk that 's not a fair assessment . he follow he order to the letter . mccullen well that be not enough . Duke bristle . mccullen turn to Hawk . mccullen ( cont 'd ) what be you coordinate ? I will have NATO send another special op team to retrieve the warhead , company strength this time . hawk apologize , Mr mccullen . it 's not that I do not trust you ... I do not trust anybody . mccullen ( smile ) be you sure you be not a mccullen ? hawk I do not talk smooth enough to be a mccullen . mccullen you do just fine , General . now , so the bastard who attack you can not find you , you need to disable the tracking beacon hide in the case . breaker we already have . mccullen good man . so , can I count on you to deliver the warhead to NATO now ? hawk I think it unwise to expose they at the moment . this group might make another attempt . ( more ) 28 . hawk ( cont 'd ) we need to find and neutralize they before we can consider move you weapon . mccullen alright . but allow I to check the warhead to see if any have be damage . Duke begrudgingly set the case down . breaker turn on he suit 's ball -eyepiece . it go into x-ray mode and we see the nano -mite crawl around inside the four warhead . mccullen ( cont 'd ) open it , please . breaker my scan say they be intact ... mccullen General ? hawk what 's the code ? on duke , listen carefully . mccullen five-two-nine-four-four-oh . breaker enter the code . as the case open , breaker discreetly watch mccullen in he ball - eyepiece scanner . mccullen run he holographic finger over the warhead . satisfied , he turn to Hawk . mccullen ( cont 'd ) please keep I inform of you progress , General . Duke and mccullen share a quick glare . and then mccullen cut the feed . scarlett notice concern on breaker 's face . scarlett breaker ? breaker that bloke 's beta wave be go up , down , and sideways ... I think he 's hide something . and off the face of the rest of the group we CUT back to : 29 . int . / ext trident - day mccullen turn as Ana appear on a holo -projector behind he . mccullen I spend five year set this up . wringing money out of NATO . this be suppose to be the easy part . ana if you would let I stage the assault at you precious factory , we could have contain the situation . mccullen and lose the trust of we client in the process ? it have to be NATO 's fault . ( step closer ) what happen ? do you hesitate ? ana you be imply this be about some ancient history ? that 's as laughable as you Intel . what go wrong be the joe appear out of nowhere . he stare at she suspiciously , then soften . mccullen forgive I , jealousy be not my strong suit . ana forget that , where be we now ? have you track the case ? mccullen they deactivate the beacon . I give they a code to quietly re-arm it . mccullen hit a key , a screen switch on , display a map of the world . a beacon light flash over a spot in the egyptian desert , grip coordinate blink . mccullen ( cont 'd ) there it be . the infamous pit. ana I will get that warhead back . 30 . mccullen step forward and lovingly caress she face , he hand go right through she . mccullen whisper menacingly . mccullen I hope so . ana ( diffuse the threat ) if I be really there , I might actually let you touch I . mccullen ( sly smile ) I will send a jet . ana Business first . besides , I be marry , remember ? her holo - form blink off , leave mccullen alone in the room . mccullen sometimes I really hate technology . he sigh heavily , then hear a voice : STORM shadow ( o.s. ) it be most often use by that without honor . mccullen turn to see STORM shadow , a well - tailore Korean man whose soul have long since depart , stand on the other side of the room . mccullen there can not be any more mistake . the schedule can not be compromise any further . STORM shadow if you have send I , it would be do . mccullen ( walk towards he ) I be send you now , Storm shadow . to the baroness 's villa . . make sure she commitment do not waiver . Storm shadow nod , mccullen continue on through he . we now realize Storm shadow be a holo-proj . Storm shadow vanish . 31 . mccullen step up to a large oval perspex window . we pull back out of the window to reveal that he 's riding through deep arctic ocean inside a next - gen " trident " submarine . camera keep pulling back to show the trident approach the docking bay of a massive facility build into the seab under the jag canopy of the polar ice cap . the place be defend by several harpoon cannon and a fearsome turbo - laser . it 's a breath - take sight , but also a little frightening . int . docking BAY - day the mar logo be stamp on a pair of water - tight door . the logo pull apart as the door open , allow mccullen inside the docking back entrance . wait for he be a man know only as the doctor . his face hide by a life-support mask that continually pump air into he lung and also mechanically help he to speak without the vocal chord he be miss . the doctor welcome back . mccullen good to be back . the doctor we have be very busy . he gesture to twenty mercenary or various ethnicity , all stand at attention , not a single muscle move among they . this be neo-viper . the baddest of the bad . mccullen be it work ? the doctor you tell I . the Doctor beckon a wait lab assistant who roll out a glass case contain a eighteen foot long king cobra . the Doctor bend down and gaze at the snake . the doctor ( cont 'd ) the King cobra be a magnificent creature . its venom can kill a full grow elephant with a single bite . he rattles the case and the cobra hiss at he , revealing its hood . the Doctor step up to a neo-viper and show mccullen a incision scar behind the neo-viper ' right ear . 32 . the doctor ( cont 'd ) we introduce into each subject one thousand cc 's of the nano-mite solution . as expect , subject become extremely ill and fall into a coma-like state for approximately forty hour . the Doctor produce a small handheld device from he pocket , a file photo of a Neo - viper appear on the device 's screen . the doctor ( cont 'd ) when they return to sentience , brain scan show complete inactivity in the self - preservation region of the cortex . mccullen English , Doctor . the Doctor key a demand and that particular Neo - viper step up and stick he bare arm into the case through a portal . the doctor they feel no fear . the neo- viper grab the cobra and squeeze , the cobra bite he arm , latching on , sink its venom into he vein . the neo- viper do not even wince . the doctor ( cont 'd ) cortical nerve cluster reveal complete inactivity -- mccullen -- Doctor . the doctor they feel no pain . the Doctor key another command and the neo-viper obediently let go of the cobra and remove he arm from the case . the doctor ( cont 'd ) frontal lobe concept of morality be disengage ... no remorse ... mccullen and they be completely obedient ? the doctor of course . . the real world application be endless . 33 . the neo- viper 's knee give out . mccullen watch curiously . we smash CUT into the neo - viper' bite wound where the white venom be racing through a blind labyrinth of vein . the doctor ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the nano- mite will target the venom . still in he vein we see hundred of microscopic non -mite rush to meet the venom head on . block it . then swiftly push it back . all the way to the original fang hole . the venom seep out of the hole and drip off the neo-viper 's arm . he stand and return to he place in line without a word . the Doctor look at impressed mccullen . the doctor ( cont 'd ) so you tell I : be it work ? int . corridor - destro headquarters - day the Doctor follow mccullen through various corridor . the doctor the science be staggering be not it ? mccullen you have do well . you have throw the caber clear out of the yard . the doctor but research and science be expensive proposition . if I can make a suggestion ..? mccullen stop and look at he , there be something truly menace and evil behind this Doctor 's mask . the doctor ( cont 'd ) selling one batch of warhead on the black market could fund -- mccullen -- I appreciate you thirst for knowledge , Doctor . but this world be messy enough . faction fight and scrabbling for control , for resource , and it 's only go to get worse as the century progress . no . what the world need be unification . Leadership . ( more ) 34 . mccullen ( cont 'd ) it need to be take out of chaos by someone with complete control . he look through a portal into a shadowy operating chamber , where a brilliant but vicious look man be be scan by smart robot . this be zartan . a smart robot begin to change Zartan 's fingerprint , which we see on a monitor . mccullen ( cont 'd ) my family be once this close to that kind of power ... ( laugh ) the french ... Zartan crack he knuckle and give mccullen a nod . mccullen look back at the Doctor . mccullen ( cont 'd ) once I get my hand on the rein , the money will take care of itself . you will be able to do all the research you want . mccullen stride off . the Doctor stare after he . int . control room - the pit - night Duke , still hold the briefcase , stare at a photo of ana from the ambush , now up on a monitor . breaker we grab a image from heavy - duty 's helmet cam . ripcord look stunne , he lean closer to Duke and whisper : ripcord hey , that 's -- Duke cut he off with a look . breaker extract a full 3d front - view of Ana 's face from the photo . then on a adjacent monitor , he run a endless series of photo of women . breaker now we can run the face through a infinity scan . hawk we have access to any photograph on any server anywhere in the world . 35 . breaker everyone get photograph in some way at some time . ATM machine , airport , crowd shot at a football game . we will find she . Duke just stare at Ana 's photo . ripcord whisper quietly : ripcord you okay ? duke ( not okay ) . what happen to she ? for once , ripcord do not know what to say . cover girl walk in and hand a document to Hawk , who look through it . hawk from NATO . I be now the official custodian of the warhead . you mission be complete . once you hand it over , that be . Duke nod , hand over the case with a hint of defeat . duke when you move it , she 's gonna come after you , you know that , right ? ( off Hawk 's look ) and with she Intel , and she toy ... she will find you . hawk and you point be ...? duke you be go to go after she first . and I want to help . ripcord let we in on this , General . we team just get waste . I think a little payback be in order . hawk you do not ask to be a part of GI joe . you get ask . duke you scout I four year ago , now I be ready . let 's have at it . 36 . hawk I have lose man too , Captain . good man . but attempt to -- duke I know she . hawk Excuse I ? duke you say know be half the battle . well , I know who she be . Duke reach into he pocket , pull out a photo and show Hawk . insert photo : Ana , four year earlier , much softer look , stare lovingly at Duke as they be about to kiss . duke ( cont 'd ) her name be Ana Lewis , and I can tell you everything you need to know about she until ... four year ago . after that , well , obviously sa lot 's change . Hawk just stare in disbelief . int . hawk' stateroom - day Hawk sit down behind he desk and look up at Duke , still stand at attention . hawk before this go any further , I need to know what I be deal with , a man look to settle a score , or a man who can put the mission first . because the battlefield be the wrong place for emotion . ( he pause for effect ) could you kill she ? duke if I have to . hawk chance be you will . but if you flinch , hesitate even a instant ... what I be try to say be , unless you can kill she graveyard dead I do not want you . 37 . duke I can . ( off Hawk 's look ) I sign on to deliver that warhead , General , and despite you present authority , I want to finish the job . Hawk regards he for a moment . hawk so tell I about she . duke okay , I will start right here : I hope that vault be tight , because she always get what she want ... ext . the baroness ' mansion - paris - night a black , beefed - up suv drive towards a magnificent mansion in the parisian suburb . though the vehicle look relatively harmless , we will come to know it as a " scarab " attack truck . super : paris , FRANCE int . foyer - the baroness ' mansion - paris - night Ana enter the mansion . servant take she coat as she handsome , sophisticated and well dress husband , baron leon decobray , glide up to she , very french . they kiss warmly . decobray hello , darling . ana how be work at the lab ? decobray steady progress . ana so the Minister of Defense be pleased ? decobray he be . you know I wish I could tell you more ... ana of course . 38 . decobray you be go a long time . how be the shop in monte Carlo ? ana I do not get what I be after . they head up the stair . decobray I suppose I should be grateful . ana most husband would be . decobray most husband do not have such mysterious wife , they know exactly where they be and what they do . ana ( teasing ) they think they know . int . master bedroom - the baroness ' castle - night Ana throw open the double door to she grand bedroom on a high floor with a view of the eiffel Tower . ana I never get over how beautiful ... decobray ( stare at Ana ) neither do I . she spot Storm shadow stand in a ante room and quickly spin to face she husband . she pull decobray close and kiss he . Storm shadow make a move , but ana warn he off with she eye , she finish the kiss and look at decobray . ana let I change and freshen up and I will meet you for dinner . decobray of course . decobray smile at she and leave . the smile fall from Ana 's face as she spin around and head for Storm shadow . 39 . STORM shadow Mr. mccullen give I explicit order to sever the Baron 's spine if he so much as touch you . ana he 's my husband , of course he touch I . tell mccullen to grow up . besides , the Baron say he work in the lab go much better after we have ... touch . and that 's the important thing . STORM shadow I will be accompany you to retrieve the warhead this time . along with some of the man the Doctor 's be work on . ana ( with distaste ) the Doctor . STORM shadow we go at dawn . Storm shadow turn and head out through the door . Ana stands alone in she room now , she head over to she dresser and open a hide drawer . Inside be a SMALL BOX . she open it carefully and gaze at a engagement ring inside . something sad and lonely in she eye ... and we flashback to : int . military club - WASHINGTON D.C. - night a crowded military club . officer and enlisted dance to a orchestra . and there 's Ana , the most beautiful woman in the room . wearing a black dress . slightly young and with none of the cold viciousness she display earlier . she 's dance with Duke who 's wear he officer 's dress uniform , replete with bar and medal . she laugh as Duke whisper something in she ear . she 's in love . and so be he . ripcord be in a booth , down shot with four enlisted women . he have he arm around two of they and look load . ripcord my hot tub only hold four . ( count ) no , five . 40 . ext . verandah - officer's club - flashback - night Duke lead Ana outside onto a quiet verandah , the light of Washington shimmer beyond they . he suddenly kneel down in front of she , a engagement ring in a box in he hand . Ana gasp with shock and joy , tear welling in she eye . duke I have be want to do this before we deploy . ana Duke ... it 's beautiful . it 's too nice you lunatic . duke only time I be buy one of this , so why not ? they stare a each other , a touch beat . then Duke screw up he face , worried ? duke ( cont 'd ) well , what do you say ? she 's too emotional to speak . and then they hear : rex ( o.s. ) say yes , you idiot ...! Lieutenant rex lewis saunter up , medical insignia on he collar . the look on he face tell we he 's happy for they . rex ( cont 'd ) . before I tell my new brother - in - law what it 's like to share a bathroom with you . duke thanks for kill the mood , rex . rex I be come to offer you a ride back to post . ana time already ? duke we go at oh-five hundred . 41 . ana be it wmd ? it be , right ? that 's why you be pull rex out of the lab -- duke Ana , we can not -- ana yeah , yeah . classify . top secret . have to kill I if you tell I , blah , blah , blah . duke speak of classified information , you still have not answer . ana yes . of course it 's yes . on one condition -- she grab rex and pull he down on he knee next to Duke . ana ( cont 'd ) promise I that you will not let my genius egghead brother get hurt . ( look at rex ) he 's the only family I have get leave . ( back to Duke ) promise I . duke I promise . she smile and hold out she hand . he thread the ring onto she tremble finger . rex smile , but in he eye be a glint of instability . ripcord come crashing out through shutter door and sprawl out next to they , arm and leg akimbo . duke ( cont 'd ) Jesus , rip . ripcord roll over and yell back through the door : ripcord how be I suppose know she be marry !? ( then , notice the ring ) Nice rock ! hey , be you propose ? duke I be do propose . 42 . ana I already say yes . ripcord not official until you answer my question . do you love my boy ? ana always and forever . ripcord flip open he cell phone and take the photo of Ana that Duke carry with he . ripcord now I have gotta find someone to love I , as many time as possible for the next three hour . we push in on the photo , then smash CUT back to the present . int . the pit - urban environment - day on Duke , watch heavy duty pull out a accelerator suit . heavy duty if you want to join we , you will need to be mission ready , Joe style . this be the Mark one accelerator suit . ripcord what 's it accelerate ? heavy duty you . it will make you run faster , jump higher , and hit harder than any of you enemy . a titanium boot slide over a shoe . cobalt machine part snap into place with a hiss over Duke and rip 's arm and leg . heavy duty ( cont 'd ) head - to - toe turbo-hydraulics and highly - pressurize pneumatics . they both slap on aerodynamic , fly - wing helmet . Inside , the cybernetic power -up with a ear pierce whine . laser enhanced LED readout scramble and fritz across they hud . 43. heavy duty ( cont 'd ) a advanced cybernetics head - up display , feed into you helmet . Duke check out two gas- propel grappling spear and six wrist rocket around he right forearm . heavy duty ( cont 'd ) two gas propel grapple spear and six ten millimeter , hi- explosive , heat seek , fire - and - forget rocker . rip spin the twin barrel of a caseless submachine gun on he leave forearm . a cheshire grin spread across he face . heavy duty ( cont 'd ) and a nine millimeter , caseless submachine gun with six hundred round capable of fire all of they in thirty second . Duke and ripcord be now buckle in , get a feel for the flexible , poly - alloy suit . ripcord glance at heavy duty . ripcord I just miss everything you say . ( turn to Duke ) how do I look ? pretty cool , huh ? int . target range - urban combat level - day Duke and ripcord run through and urban environment obstacle course , 3d holo - projection terrorist lung out at they . the guy take they out one by one , never more than a split second after they appear . the holo-projection fritz and die . they reach the end of the and a buzzer sound . at the back , arm cross , impassively take it all in , be Hawk . scarlett approach the guy with a electronic clipboard . scarlett sixty - three second . not bad . but not good enough . gotta get under a minute to qualify . duke what 's the record ? scarlett forty-five . 44 . ripcord do not tell I , snake - eye ? scarlett no , I . ripcord glance at scarlett 's crossbow pistol . ripcord you can do this whole course with that thing in forty - five second ? scarlett if you be go to shoot at something , kill it . otherwise take up knitting . ripcord when I want something , I do not just shoot at it ... ( step close to she ) when I get a target in my sight , I take it down . his meaning be clear . she hold he gaze , slap a magazine into she crossbow pistol and hand it to he . scarlett here . go on . try it . ripcord I would not want to show you up . scarlett oh , that 's so thoughtful of you . ripcord what can I tell you ? I guess I be just a considerate , humble guy . you will learn that about I . scarlett I be the " target in you sight , " right ? you have get ten round to " take I down " . ripcord I do not want to hurt you . scarlett they be training arrow . the most I will feel be a little jolt . 45 . scarlett walk back and face he . he glance aside at Duke who be loving this . ripcord ready the pistol . scarlett dart leave . he shoot and miss . she dart right . he miss . duke c'mon , rip . ripcord try harder , genuinely do he best . but scarlett we too fast . ducking and weaving around ripcord , as nimble as a cat . five more shot miss she . and now ripcord 's feel the pressure . he wait for she to move . fire . she leap up onto a corner wall and the bolt pass underneath . he fire again as she land , duck under it and roll up to he . he fire he last bolt point blank . she catch it in she leave hand by the stem as it leave the chamber . slam she body up against he . right hand behind he head , leave hand hold the bolt . they face close . lip closer . ripcord 's eye on hers as he whisper : scarlett guess you do not really want I that bad , rip . she hold he eye a moment longer , then let he go . as she walk away , scarlett casually toss the arrow , it hit the ground and explode . ripcord and Duke jump back . ripcord glance at the underside of the pistol 's magazine . Three word : " caution : live bolt " . both man watch scarlett saunter back to the beginning of the course , awestruck . breaker walk by eat a burrito and watch he bio-rhythm display . breaker aw , ripcord 's heart just skip a beat . be not that sweet ? ext . the pit - deser - dusk the sun be sink , turn the dune a brilliant orange . int . security room - the pit - night Security work a console in the Security room . they infrared monitor show a herdsman and he camel walk across the desert dune . a technician tap some key and a x-ray image show the skeletal structure of the herdsman and he camel . 46 . ext . the pit - desert - night the herdsman walk across the desert with he camel under a full moon and a field of glitter star . all of a sudden , multiple mound of sand whip past he foot , almost knock he over . he stare at they as they abruptly disappear deeper under the sand , like diving submarine . int . mole pod - underground - night Ana drive the lead mole pod , a oblong - shape digging device that be just large enough for she to fit inside . she watch she hud relay information about she angle of decent and she distance to the target . thirty yard ... twenty yard ... ten ... int . security room - night a light flash on the console in the security room . security technician # 1 sensor detect seismic activity to the southwest . probably just a tremor , but have a team check it . int . training room - night ripcord and the other joe watch as Duke and snake - eye circle one another with special electrified pugil stick . Duke thrust with a standard bayonet style move , snake - eye side step it , spin he pugil stick above he head and bring it down on Duke 's head with a sword - like stroke . a crackling SHOCK be deliver and Duke go down . the joe grimace , feel Duke 's pain . snake - eye turn away , do with he . Duke pop back up again . duke again . they go at each other , fast and furious , the electrify pugil stick crackle and sparking . Duke spin and attempt a stroke similar to snake - eye ' earlier move . snake - eye block it , drop , and sweep Duke 's foot , take he down hard before finish he with another sparking hit . again , the joe react . snake - eye turn away . Duke shake it off and pop to he foot once more . duke ( cont 'd ) again . 47 . snake - eye nod , a little more respect in he eye now . this time after the high blow be parry , snake - eye try the sweep . Duke jump it , roll , come up behind snake - eye and strike . snake - eye barely block it . they trade half a dozen blow , the electricity pop and crackle before snake - eye try a finish blow . Duke stuff it with he stick and tackle snake - eye . they fall to the ground , both receive jolt . they go eye- to-eye . it be not pretty , but Duke be get effective . snake - eye pop to he foot . this time he offer a hand to pull Duke up . across the room , Hawk watch with approval . int . the pit' generator station - night the huge drill bit of Ana 's mole machine burst out of the reinforce clay wall , it open and retract , Ana roll out and drop to the ground . another huge drill burst out , it retract and open and Storm shadow drop to the ground . they look around . they be between the clay wall and the electrified power grid fence of the pit 's generator station . ana the foundation of this fence be a hundred foot deep . no go under . ten neo- viper mole pod start to burst out the wall . and then there 's a crash sound as one of the wall girder bend , obviously a mole machine in the clay behind it hit it . Ana can hear the engine grind to a halt . ana ( cont 'd ) if we do not get he out he will suffocate . Storm shadow give she a look : like I care ? ana ( cont 'd ) just think I would mention it . STORM shadow all that matter be the mission . Ana pull out a hi-tech scanning device which shoot out six steel blue beam in a 360 degree arc , create a detailed schematic of the pit , show room and people move about they . she point down a tunnel beyond the electrify fence . Storm shadow gesture to one of the neo-viper . the man immediately walk over and grab the fence , electricity jolt he violently , but the man ignore it and shakily start climb the fence . the skin on he hand and arm start to burn and bubble . 48 . STORM shadow ( cont 'd ) acceptable collateral damage . ana ( try to out - tough he ) be there any other ? near the top the man finally fall backward and drop down dead . Storm shadow nod to the next viper . without hesitation the man walk over and grab the fence . he be immediately jolted , but keep climb , burn and bubbling . this guy make it to the top , throw himself over , and crash to the ground , then crawl over and pull the off switch , cut the electricity before drop dead himself . Ana , Storm shadow and the other quickly scale the fence . int . pit barracks - night a area where the Joe team chill . Duke and ripcord enter , sore and work over . they move to some couch . heavy duty groove to the blast reggaeton classic " salio El sol " . heavy duty you can learn a whole hell of a lot about a girl by the way she dance . tell I I be wrong snake - eye . snake - eye , sharpen he sword , barely look up . heavy duty ( cont 'd ) see ? he agree . scarlett no , he do not . do you ? this time snake -eye look up , he expression unreadable . scarlett ( cont 'd ) see , he know you have to listen to get to know someone . right , rip ? rip be happily stow he liquid armor gear , glance over . ripcord what ? you say something ? breaker sit at a chessboard . heavy D sit across from he . breaker sorry , scarlett , gotta go with heavy D on this one . ( more ) 49 . breaker ( cont 'd ) like my man say , get a girl on the floor , you do not just see how she move , you get the smell of she . what biologist tell we be that the decision be make by he nose long before the rest of the body get involved . it 's a question of pheromone . scarlett you be go to teach I science ? I read all about the positron emission tomography study concern sex pheromone when I be twelve . I be just say , it 's not very romantic . rip whisper to Duke , nodd towards scarlett . ripcord heavy tell I she graduate college at twelve . no response from Duke , who be try to get comfortable . ripcord ( cont 'd ) she 's like a freaky genius . a deadly , freaky genius . duke you like she , I get it already . breaker ( make a chess move ) you can not learn this stuff in a book , scarlett . you have to at least kiss a guy , before you be a expert on romance . the guy all laugh . scarlett blushes , then raise she bow . scarlett who be I shoot first ? the laughter stop . rip look surprised . ripcord you have not kiss anyone ? now scarlett look really furious . rip instantly wish he could take he word back . Duke just shake he head . 50 . duke really fire on all cylinder there , rip . heavy duty all I know be , when the bass get 's that booty shaking in the right way , I be in the skin like a man name Flynn . heavy duty do a little freak dance . scarlett make a show of disgust . ripcord watch scarlett , then make a decision . ripcord Hell with it . he stride across the room toward scarlett . breaker notice . breaker ( to no one in particular ) into the Valley of death ride the 600 . heavy duty look at he , confuse . breaker nod to ripcord , stop near scarlett 's chair . ripcord see snake - eye take in he every move . scarlett now have she nose in a book . ripcord clear he throat but she do not look up . he peer closer and we see the cover , on which , though in English , be a damn near indecipherable scientific title . ripcord Beach read , huh ? she groan and lower the book only slightly . ripcord ( cont 'd ) hi , I guess we kinda get off on the wrong foot ... without change expression she go back to she book . ripcord ( cont 'd ) okay look , I be attract to you . and you , you be attract to I . and he -- ( nod towards snake - eye ) the Zen master , he creep I out , but what I be say be -- scarlett " we be attract to one another . " 51 . ripcord thank you . scarlett that 's what you be say , not what I be say . ripcord okay , what be you say ? scarlett attraction be a emotion . emotion be not base in science . and if you can not quantify or prove that something exist , well , in my mind ... it do not . ripcord okay , I will get back to you on that . and he walk away scratch he head . Hawk step in . everyone come to attention . hawk Duke , you score in the top half - percent of all people we have ever test . rip , well , if we average you score with Duke 's , you pass too . welcome aboard , provisionally . but we still need to see if you pass muster in the field . Hawk give they a nod . Duke and rip nod back with pride . heavy duty yo joe ! welcome aboard , boyz ! int . hallway - night Ana , Storm shadow and the neo-viper creep down the hallway . two GI joe guard come around a corner , before they can even react , Storm shadow practically cut they in two with he katana sword . Ana direct they down another hallway . int . hawk' stateroom - night a door read , " General Hawk " . cover girl walk up and knock . as she wait , we see a shadow move behind she . Hawk open the door . she hand he she powerbook and a stylus . 52 . cover girl sorry to disturb you , general . hawk that 's all right , cover girl . what be I signing now ? cover girl gasp , a katana blade pierce out through she chest . she drop lifelessly , revealing Storm shadow behind she . Hawk grab a pistol , but Storm shadow flash he two sword . one slice the barrel of the pistol clean off , the other bury itself in Hawk 's gut . Hawk collapse . Ana step forward and rip the General 's security badge off he jacket . Hawk 's eye follow they as they leave . he glance at a red button under he desk and struggle to reach it , give everything he 's get , until he finally hit the button . int . barracks - night a klaxon blare . Duke , ripcord and all the joe leap up . duke the warhead . they all rush out of the door . breaker stop to change a chess piece on the board before racing out . int . MAIN vault - night Ana swipe Hawk 's security badge across the lock of the vault door . it open . the weapon case sit on a table . she open the case to check that the four warhead be inside , they shine on she glass . int . MAIN vault - moment later Duke and ripcord reach the main vault , armed only with they pistol . they find the inner vault door ajar . they approach , push back the door to discover that the place be empty and the weapon case be go . duke they can not be far . 53. int . urban area - night some of the neo-viper now reach the mole pod and begin prepping they for escape . boom ! a grenade slam into they , kill they and destroy the pod . it 's heavy duty with he " mpl " . Ana enter the room and quick -draw she pulse pistol and blast away . heavy duty dive behind cover , which be blow away , knock he out cold . Storm shadow examine the ruin mole pod , glance around , he eye fall on a pair of " arclight " jet pack mount on a wall rack nearby . Storm shadow stride to the nearest one and put it on . Ana head after he , still carry the case . suddenly , Duke and ripcord rush up behind they , gun raise . duke put the case down , Ana , rip train he gun on Storm shadow . ripcord and you get out of that ... thing . stalemate . Storm shadow do not move . Ana turn and look at Duke . set the case down , she voice be gentle . ana Fine . done . then she take a step toward Duke . duke stop , Ana . stop right there . but she do not . she just keep slowly move toward he . ana you can not shoot I , can you ? duke I will if I have to . ana deep down , you be still the same man I fall in love with . duke do not force this , Ana . 54 . ana what could have be , right , Duke ? you beside you best man . I walk down the aisle . ripcord do not listen to she , Duke . ( a think ) be I really go to be you best man ? duke ( cock the pistol ) do not make I do this god-damnit ! ana " do not make I do this ? " a recur theme in you life , right Duke ? she take another step . Duke level he pistol right at she forehead . Storm shadow flinch . Duke give he a glance . duke move and I will blow she away . ( to ripcord ) get the briefcase . Ana take another step forward , dare Duke to pull the trigger . ripcord , gun draw and fix on Storm shadow , move slowly forward to retrieve the briefcase . Ana be now a inch from the extend barrel . Ana and Duke be close enough to feel each other 's breath . they eye lock . ana do it , Duke . . you already kill I once . and in Duke 's eye we see he falter , just a bit . ripcord pass Ana , and wit hone lightning quick hand she slap at Duke 's pistol . a errant shot goe off . Storm shadow lunge at ripcord , slicing he pistol in half with one sword and about to kill he with the other . when suddenly , snake - eye lunge into frame . clang ! snake - eye ' katana blade save ripcord 's life by a half inch . the rest of the neo-viper arrive and immediately open fire , pin both Duke and ripcord down . all hell break loose . snake - eye and Storm shadow lunge at one another , sword flash at impossible speed , then they lock sword . face - to -face , stare hard into each other 's eye . 55 . snake - eye glance at Storm shadow 's right forearm , spot the same red marking of he ninja clan underneath he suit sleeve . this shock the hell out of snake - eye . Storm shadow smile . STORM shadow ( cynical ) hello brother . snake - eye look shocked . Storm shadow use the moment to elbow he in the face , knock he hard to the ground . Ana grab the weapon case as scarlett rush in , aim she crossbow pistol . scarlett I believe you have get my luggage . Ana stare at scarlett , then quick -draw a pulse pistol . her shot tear the crossbow pistol out of scarlett 's hand . Ana 's get she dead - to-right until scarlett triggers she camo - suit , melting into nothing right in front of Ana . Ana do not spot the ripples of AIR around she until she 's stick hard . the case go fly . another smack and she pistol be knock free . Ana grab a second pistol , but that 's just as quickly twisted out of she grasp and drop . Ana fight the invisible scarlett as best she can , but scarlett land several unseen blow on she . ripcord and Duke take out a pair of neo-viper . Storm shadow climb back into the arclight . look at ana as she fall near a vehicle on the block . Ana grab a oil pan and fling the oil , which spray over everything , include scarlett , make she visible . Ana leap on scarlett , knock she to the ground and angrily begin to choke the life out of she . Storm shadow ignites the arclight which jump into the air , power by a arc of blue light shoot out of its engine pack . he quickly swoops towards the two woman and grab ana by she arm , pull she along . Ana grab the weapon case and they soar up out of the motor pool and over the landing pad . the battle raging below they . ripcord and Duke fire after they , but they vanish up into the next level . heavy duty , now back in action , take out the last of the neo-viper . snake - eye check on scarlett who 's nursing she neck . int . entrance - night Ana climb to Storm shadow as the rocket up to the security room window and blast it out of they way . shatter CITY . 56 . int . security room - the pit - night they fly into the security room and quickly dispatch the few technician still alive . Ana he the large switch on the console and the huge door begin to spiral open . she jump back into Storm shadow 's arm and they blast back out -- ext . entrance - the pit - night -- and fly up through the hole where they typhoon gunship rocket up . they fly in through a door as four Joe anti - aircraft turret spring out of the sand , fire away at the typhoon as it speed away into the dark desert night ... ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - dawn Dawn light shimmer across the reflect pool , the lincoln Memorial , the Washington monument . super : WASHINGTON D.C. int . white house corridor - dawn the american president quickly but quietly close the door to he bedroom , throw on a robe , he charge down a corridor , trail by he staff and bodyguard . one of the staffer hand the President a report which he skim through . president how many warhead ? staffer # 1 four , Mr. President . president any threat ? any demand ? staffer # 1 none so far , sir . staffer # 2 we take this to mean the terrorist be unfocus , no clear goal . the President stop , glance gravely back at he staff . president no , .it mean they be go to use they . 57 . int . mccullen be office - destro headquarters - day open . Ana mccullen gaze a the iron mask we and Storm sh see he ance adow watc in the h onndual holostor projector . this belong jo E mine . he be c t a old ancestor of for to both side . aught sellin g arm they force wear it the rest to he life . ana why do you keep at it ? so that I mccullenne ver forget the most important rul e in deal arm . never sell to STORM shadowboth side ? mccullen never get catch . mccullen carefully put the mask back in its can se . cont 'd ) take the warhead N ( to they wea Paris . have ize . then to test pon one . I want you test one ? ana mccullen I do not want t you until leave Paris that they have you ;re sure that the work , be properly y weaponize . ( smile ) we will let CNN show everyone how with ell they perform . ( lose the smile ) I want they to fear I . it will be STORM shadowdone . mccullen I have a target french will never in mind , one the forget . ( more ) 58 . mccullen ( cont 'd ) as I have never forget what the french do to clan mccullen . int . operating chamber - day in the shadowy operate chamber , the Doctor approach Zartan who sit on a gurney , scan he pda . dozen of smart robot warm up as the Doctor flick on switch . the doctor be you ready , Mr. Zartan ? zartan this be go to be the achievement of a lifetime . the doctor for you and I both . zartan eighteen month of study the subject , learn the mannerism , adopt he eat habit , lose sixty percent of my muscle mas ... the doctor you commitment have be inspiring . mccullen enter . mccullen gentlemen . about to get under way ? Zartan raise he pda . zartan once the ledger be all square . mccullen check you account . Zartan check the pda . mccullen shake he head . mccullen ( cont 'd ) it 's always about the money . zartan it 's a useful tool . you should understand that . ah ! the transfer just hit my account . Zartan put the pda aside , lean back on the gurney and crack he knuckle . 59 . zartan ( cont 'd ) let 's do this . the Doctor strap Zartan down , then start the smart robot which converge on Zartan , inject he body with dozen of long needle . he remain conscious , not feel any pain . we zoom into a large needle which open a incision behind he right ear . the needle feed thousand of tiny nano -mite into Zartan 's head . Zartan 's eye bulge , he start to scream and fight he restraint as the nano-mite begin to reshape he appearance , reforming facial bone and change the texture and elasticity of he skin and even change the color of he eye . the Doctor grin proudly . mccullen look disturb . int . urban area - the pit - day joe be busy clean up the mess . snake - eye sit by himself , have not move in several hour . a thousand yard stare in he eye . and we flashback to : ext . a drizzling saigon alley - night a ten year old french orphan boy , cold from the rain and desperately hungry , scavenge for food in a garbage can , he look up and notice a warm light come from the other side of a wall and gate marked with red clan marking . inside the temple : Young snake eye sneak in through the Kitchen window and go to a rice pot on the counter . as he take a first bite , another young boy enter , we see the red clan marking on he forearm , it 's a young Storm shadow , healthy , wealthy , and well feed . young STORM shadow thief ! he pick up the kitchen knife and try to cut Young snake - eye , who block the strike with the rice pot . they fight fiercely for two little kid , use all sort of utensil and furniture . snake - eye have desperate street skill , but Storm shadow 's classic training give he the edge . he finally trap snake - eye under he foot , a triumphant look on he face . he start to choke snake - eye with he foot ... hard master ( o.s. ) ( japanese , subtitle ) enough ! Storm shadow ! a ninja master step forward . Storm shadow turn to he . 60 . young STORM shadow ( japanese , subtitle ) Father , he be steal . we need to call the magistrate . hard master ( japanese , subtitle ) he be hungry . we need to invite he in and show he the way . STORM shadow he 's a cur ! a frenchie ! hard master he do not fight like one . the two young warrior glare at one another . hard master ( cont 'd ) ( japanese , subtitle ) now what shall be you clan name ? snake - eye glare up at Storm shadow , narrowing he eye furiously . hard master just smile , ahl and we flash back to : snake - eye in the motor pool , he stand up and walk off ... int . barracks - night batter and bruise , scarlett hurriedly enter the barrack . check around to see that she 's alone . then she head for a mirror over one of the sink , peel back she collar to check the choke mark on she neck . her hand be tremble . she turn on the water and clean she face with a wash cloth . ripcord enter the barrack behind . like scarlett , he look around to see if he 's alone . he catch scarlett look at he in the mirror , as if he 's unwanted . then he notice the choke mark . he be genuinely concerned . ripcord Jesus , you okay ? scarlett I be fine . ripcord you be not fine , let I look at that . 61 . scarlett I look at it , it 's fine . ripcord take it easy , just try to help . scarlett I know what you be try to do . ripcord and what be that exactly ? scarlett I do not have time for this . ripcord you know , not every guy you meet be a asshole . you do know that , do not you ? scarlett stop and return to the sink , he ignore she , clean the blood off he face . she soften . scarlett it 's not you , I ... I do not really want anyone to ... see I in here . ripcord why not ? scarlett I do not know . all the people we lose last night . General Hawk ... my neck be not that important . ripcord you almost die . you be allow to be concerned . scarlett first fight I have lose since I be a kid . my father would be ... he be my instructor . ripcord think he 's be disappointed . scarlett he teach I to win . ripcord I do not know how you teach anybody to win at everything every time . ( more ) 62 . ripcord ( cont 'd ) but I do know you can teach someone to get up when they get knock down . ripcord turn she gently in the mirror . ripcord ( cont 'd ) look at you . still here . maybe this be what he want you to learn . scarlett stare at she reflection briefly . ripcord ( cont 'd ) but of course , that would be a emotional response , one that can not be explain or quantify . ripcord turn and head for the door . scarlett watch he . scarlett we be not a couple . snake - eye and I . we be ... close , he 's like a brother , but ... we be not a couple . ripcord look back at she , nod , then walk on out . int . medical recovery wing - day Hawk be hook up to a life support machine . Duke sit nearby , he shoulder be bandage by a Medical Officer . we push in on Duke 's eye , stare into oblivion , and flashback CUT to : hawk' face right at camera : hawk can you kill she ? and then we flashback to : Ana strangling scarlett , a smile on she face . squeeze harder , harder . pure evil . doctor ( v.0 . ) ( prelap ) that ought to hold you . int . medical wing - day Duke " come to " as the Doctor finish and walk away . Duke take a breath , look to Hawk in he bed , then stand and walk over . he stare down at Hawk , then , a promise -- duke graveyard dead . 63. int . medical examination room - the pit - day Duke , ripcord , scarlett , snake - eye , and heavy duty stare at some next - gen computerize ultra-sound photostat of a dead neo-viper . snake - eye point in question to a area . scarlett nano-mite . I write my thesis on the theory behind they at Oxford . they have be surgically implant behind the ear , all program to accomplish different task . duke like what ? scarlett theoretically , the possibility be endless . increase they speed , agility , resilience . you program , they perform . that 's the genius of nanotechnology , it can do pretty much whatever you want it to . duke mind control ? scarlett I do not see why not . int . corridor - the pit - day Duke and ripcord move with the other through a corridor . duke they weaponry , financing , intel , it have to be mccullen . do a inside job on he own warhead . scarlett you may be right . maybe he need NATO to pay for he R D . ripcord the weapon case ! everyone stop and look at ripcord like he 's nut . ripcord ( cont 'd ) remember he have we open the case for he . remember that ? 64 . scarlett what about it ? ripcord I will bet that code he give we like re-activate the tracking beacon or something . look pass among the group , it start to make sense . duke and who say you be not a thinker . all of the sudden , breaker rush up to they , out of breath . breaker I think I find she ... int . control room - the pit - day breaker lead the group into the control room where a wedding photo of ana and decobray be up on screen . Duke stare at the photo , gaze at she face . ripcord see she and know , too . duke yeah , you find she all right . breaker her name be Ana decobray now , baroness if you be feel formal . ripcord wow , she trade up , huh ? ( off Duke 's look ) I mean ... financially . duke who be he ? breaker Baron decobray . Big shot french scientist . run a lab in Paris . scarlett Lab ? breaker call up a image of decobray stand in front of a huge particle accelerator along with some other scientist . breaker particle accelerator . 65 . scarlett they be gonna use he to weaponize the warhead . duke that 's where she 's go . heavy duty who like croissant ? ext . black sky - night and then a light aircraft in the distance approach at Mach three . it 's the howler . int . the howler - night the joe be silent , eye ahead . scarlett share a smile with ripcord , next to she , across from they Duke watch , almost smile , then lay back he head and close he eye . and we flashback to : ext . jungle village - day camera pan around a village choke by thick jungle as explosion erupt in slo -mo and a blackhawk circle , rotors beat hypnotically , give the image a dreamlike quality . int . blackhawk helicopter , dawn - flashback Duke , ripcord , rex , and the rest of a insertion team , sit with they back against the chopper wall . duke per the briefing , we fast rope in , form up and assault the main lab ... ( a glance at rex ) rex --uh , . the science officer , stay back with fireteam Alpha until bravo enter and secure the building . Alpha hold the perimeter while science officer secure the wmd . five minute before extraction and the airstrike . the squad nod . Duke look to rex again . rex be sweat , try not to show it . Duke hand he a piece of gum . 66 . duke ( cont 'd ) double bubble ? rex take it . Duke blow a bubble , smile at rex . duke ( cont 'd ) always help I . you good ? rex ( weak smile back ) yeah ... they chew they gum . ext . jungle village - flashback - day down in the village : Duke lead a frontal assault of the main building . they take fire from some guard , but put they down . other guard flee . the way to the door be clear . Duke give hand signal along with he command . duke go , bravo . bravo , a two - man fire team hit the door of the building . they disappear inside . rex , a kit bag over he shoulder and a .45 colt acp on he hip , wait in a crouch , Duke next to he put a hand on he shoulder . Duke scan the treeline for any treat . one of bravo team appear in the doorway and signal " all clear . " Duke double tap rex on the shoulder . duke ( cont 'd ) you be good to go , rex . you do not find it in four minute , get out of there , because that house will not be stand in five . I already call for the air strike . rex nod . Duke give he a smile . rex take off and run low to the door , enter the house . Duke watch he go , then look back to the jungle and hear the whump of mortar . Duke take one more look , rex disappear safely inside , then the mortar round start to hit . the ground be tear apart , dirt fly in the air , as Duke , rip and the rest of the squad take cover . we catch glimpsis of the enemy , lot of they , in the jungle , fire . Duke and ripcord pop up and return fire . 67 . ripcord I have gotta level with ya ! duke I hate it when you level with I . ripcord gonna be a long five minute . Duke just grit he tooth and keep fire . then , in the distance , rumbling come from the sonic roar of jets . ripcord ( cont 'd ) I love that sound ... but then he look to Duke , confusion on he face . duke no , no , no ... it 's too soon . angle on : the F - 16 in formation streaking toward they across the sky . Duke look back at the main building . duke ( cont 'd ) rex . Duke run for the building . tracer fire and mortar explosion all around he . then the whistle of a bunker buster . Duke dive and boom ! the building be flatten by the bomb . Duke be toss through the air like a rag doll . land hard , barely register the pain , stagger up , bloody and rip , stumble toward the smoking . flaming rubble that be the building . the blackhawk come sweeping low , ready for extraction , the tracer fire and explosion intensify . Black smoke wash over Duke . ripcord find he in the debris . ripcord blackhawk 's wait . come on , we have get wounded ! and income enemy ! lot of them ! duke I can not . ripcord nothing you can do . come on ...! gunfire burst around they as ripcord pull Duke away from the ruin of the house . 68 . int . blackhawk helicopter - flashback tight on Duke 's haunt , soot -streak face as he eye take on a thousand - yard stare . and we CUT back to the present : int . howler - night Duke be wide awake , he eye have on a thousand - yard stare ... ext . paris - FRANCE - day Paris by day , the eiffel Tower in all she glory . ext . guard shed - laboratory - day Ana 's scarab attack truck pull up to a guard shed outside a large building which be surround by a electrified fence . a security guard step out of the shed and tap on the driver 's window . the neo- viper behind the wheel lower the backseat window , revealing Ana and Storm shadow in the back . the guard smile at Ana . they speak in french , subtitle . security guard good Morning . baroness . ana good morning . gene . my husband 's expect I . security guard absolument . the Security Guard open the electronic gate and the scarab drive up to the building . int . foyer - laboratory - day two security guard look up from they desk as Ana and Storm shadow stride through the door with two neo-viper . Storm shadow throw something . both guard fall dead . throwing star in they head . the neo- viper steal behind the desk , throw a switch , open a locked door for Ana and Storm shadow . int . particle accelerator chamber - laboratory - day Ana and Storm shadow enter a colossal chamber which be all but consume by the particle accelerator . 69 . lab technician swarm all over it , take reading and make adjustment , under the eye of decobray who sit at a control station surround by monitor . Ana give the weapon case to Storm shadow who hang back as she walk up to she husband . decobray Ana ...? ana I need you to do something for I and I do not have much time . decobray ( see Storm shadow ) who be this ? she beckon Storm shadow who set the weapon case down on decobray 's desk , open it up to reveal the four nanotech warhead and they launcher . decobray stare , bewilder . decobray ( cont 'd ) I do not understand ... what be this thing ? what 's go on ? ana they be warhead , dear . and I need you to weaponize they for I ... ( look around ) .or we will kill everyone in here . decobray stare at she , shocked . he look at Storm shadow who remove a glock pistol from he belt and shoot a technician . Chaos erupt . decobray shout to the room , calming the other somewhat . he stare at Ana and Storm shadow , terrify . decobray this be a civilian laboratory . we do not have the correct programming protocol for weaponize ... ana the protocol be in the case . ( he hesitates ) I tell you , I do not have much time . decobray reluctantly take the weapon case . ext . BRAWLER - CITY street - day a BRAWLER charge through the street . on the outside it look like you uncle 's r.v , but inside it 's all next -gen . 70 . int . BRAWLER - laboratory - day heavy duty drive the Brawler while breaker man a hi-tech terminal next to he . in the back , snake - eye load he gun while scarlett , Duke , and ripcord put on accelerator suit . scarlett heavy D and breaker will stay in the Brawler , watch we back . the rest of we will break into the lab with the accelerator suit . once the warhead be weaponize , they will be extremely volatile . we can not afford to let any of they go off inside the city . ripcord look at snake - eye . ripcord what about you ? do not you get a suit ? snake - eye just look at he , " be you kid I ? " scarlett he do not need one . int . particle accelerator chamber - laboratory - day a tremendous whine echoe through the chamber as the particle accelerator come to life , humming evenly . Storm shadow back up a little . Ana glance at he . he shrug , what ? technician quickly finish up and back away from the accelerator . decobray firing . decobray hit a switch . the particle accelerator charge and begin hurl atom through mile and mile of underground tunnel . Inside the accelerator , the four warhead begin to spin in a glass vacuum chamber -- then , as the power grow , they begin to rise , each one hover as they spin . Ana and Storm shadow watch with mild curiosity as the noise inside the chamber build . the atom catapult faster and faster through the tunnel , bombard the warhead again and again . until finally , a loud boom ring out . and the warhead slowly sink back down and stop spin . decobray key another button and the glass vacuum chamber emerge from the accelerator . 71 . technician open the chamber and very carefully remove the warhead , return they to they case . Storm shadow lock the case and pick it up . decobray ( cont 'd ) careful ... they be alive . ana thank you , Leon . decobray I think I have never see the face of evil until I look at you now . Ana look at he and falter , something in he word pierce she hard veneer . she feel Storm shadow watch she and with a flick of she eye , the wall go up again . she drop a sealed envelope on decobray 's desk and head for the door . ana adieu . decobray watch she go , then open the envelope . we see the large header print on the first page : " accord do divorce " . int . / ext . BRAWLER - laboratory - day the Brawler race up towards the lab , they see it out they forward window . heavy duty there it be . int . / ext . scarab - day Ana and Storm shadow emerge from the lab and climb into the back of the scarab as the two Neo - viper climb in the front . int . foyer - day decobray stumble out to the foyer , find the two Security Guards dead , and quickly pick up a phone . ext . guard shed - day the Security Guard in the guard shed put down he phone and glance at the oncoming scarab just as a Neo - viper lean out with he pulse rifle and blast the whole shed to piece . the scarab crash right out the gate . 72 . int . / ext . BRAWLER / scarab - day at the same time , the Brawler reach the laboratory and there 's a split second where both side see each other in they window . Duke and Ana lock eye . snake - eye and Storm shadow do the same . breaker that 's they ! snake - eye be already move , lung out a side door onto the street as the Brawler still move , run right at the scarab which turn to get away . scarlett immediately follow he out , landing in a roll with she accelerator suit . Ana lean out of she window and fire she pulse pistol at the Brawler , keep Duke and rip inside . then she fire at snake - eye and scarlett . snake - eye dive , but the blast nail scarlett . she crash hard . snake - eye glance at she . scarlett keep go ! with that , he leap after the scarab , just grab the back of the vehicle as it tear away . the Brawler stop right next to scarlett , out of breath , she accelerator suit fritzing . scarlett ( cont 'd ) ( to Duke and ripcord ) do not worry about I , go and help snake - eye ! Duke do not need to be tell twice . he leap out and run after the scarab . rip start to follow , breaker grab he . breaker careful . they be worth million of dollar ... each . ripcord million of dollar , get it . he promptly trip and crash to the pavement . pick himself up . get hit by a car . pick himself up again . ripcord ( cont 'd ) ( to Driver ) sorry ! excusem moil ( to a stunne breaker ) wo not happen again . 73 . then rip haul - ass after Duke . int . / ext . scarab - CITY street - day a accordian bus pass casually through a intersection . all of a sudden , the scarab burst through it , rip it in two and barrel on down the busy street . snake - eye be still barely cling to the back . int . / ext . BRAWLER - CITY street - day breaker watch the two halve of the bus whirl around on he satellite view as heavy duty drive through the city street . breaker Christ , they just shot right through a bus ! ext . accelerator suit - CITY street - day Duke and rip charge after the scarab . they speedometer read 15mph ... then 30mph ... then 40 mph. they leap over and around speed car and truck . int . / ext . scarab - CITY street - day the scarab smashes through any vehicle in its path , leave a trail of destruction for Duke and ripcord to leap over or dart around in they suit . Ana and Storm shadow hear snake - eye on the roof and drop they window and lean out and shoot at he . but snake - eye quickly clamber down the side of the vehicle , escape they shot by disappear beneath the undercarriage . and that 's when Ana see Duke and rip follow . she sit back down inside and key a button on a console . side panel slide open on the outside of the scarab to reveal two missile , one on each side . they fire . the missile streak back towards Duke and ripcord . no time to get out of the way , they dive and roll in various direction , extreme kinetic energy hurl they forward . the two missile whip between they and detonate , one on a parking officer's car and the other on a billboard . the explosion from the car knock they down . the scarab tear away around a corner . 74 . int . / ext . BRAWLER - CITY street - day they see snake - eye on they monitor in the Brawler . breaker they be turn the corner . go through that building at 6 o'clock ! ext . accelerator suit - CITY street - day Duke and ripcord see the building in front of they . ripcord there 's no door ! breaker' voice make one ! Duke charge directly at the building . ripcord reluctantly follow as Duke smashes through the wall into ... int . cocktail lounge - paris - day a crowded bar . neither of they slow for a second . Duke bolt through . rip grab a martini , open he visor , downs the drink , then place the empty glass on the tray of a stunne waitress . behind she a sign read : " drink responsibly " . Duke and ripcord smash through the opposite wall ... ext . accelerator suit - CITY street - day . back out onto the city street where they turn and level they wrist -mounted rocket at ... nothing . a puzzle beat . and then the scarab thunder up behind they at full speed . ripcord dive out of the way just in time . Duke have no such luck . he spin and catch the front grill , digging he foot into the road in a attempt to slow the scarab down . but the scarab now angle towards a busy intersection , threaten to crush duke in the criss-crossing traffic . Duke throw himself onto the hood just as a suv crash into the front grill and be chuck away like so much garbage . Duke tumble up onto the roof . a pulse cannon pop up . Duke dive off the back as the weapon fire . he tumble to the pavement as ripcord speed up to he , fire he wrist - mounted rocket at the scarab . Duke fire with he . 75 . int . / ext . scarab - CITY street - day they rocket nail the scarab and knock out the pulse cannon . boom ! but its armor save the vehicle . inside : Storm shadow and Ana be knock around . Storm shadow pop a hatch and grab one of they own accelerator suit . hand it to Ana . STORM shadow Mr. mccullen would be quite unhappy if I let you die . Ana quickly and nervously start to buckle in . ana how thoughtful . int . BRAWLER - day on the monitor , scarlett and breaker watch the scarab via snake - eye speed through the street . scarlett look at the move they be make , they be head somewhere . breaker widen the map , plotting a route . breaker this 's they route from the lab . on the screen , they see the lab , the current position of the scarab , and what lie just ahead . . . the eiffel Tower . scarlett ( realizing ) Metal ... oh God ... ext . scarab / street - day snake - eye be now desperately cling to the undercarriage . Duke and rip be catch up behind he . scarlett' voice guy , you have to stop they . duke yeah , we be work on it . 76 . scarlett' voice I mean right now . they be go to detonate one of the warhead on the eiffel Tower . ripcord glance up and see the eiffel Tower loom up fast . ripcord oh , man ... under the scarab , snake - eye pull out he glock pistol and fire into the unprotect inside of the front tire , which promptly rip to shred . the neo- viper lose control of the vehicle , smashes through a guard arm onto train track . snake - eye see something , let go , roll free and crash into garbage can just as a metro train barrel into the scarab , which launch into the air , hood-over - tailpipe . Duke and ripcord be run too fast to stop . Duke manage to leap into the air , he boot barely scraping the top of the train while ripcord cover he face with he hand and plunge headlong into a window on the side of the train ... int . metro -rail train - day . fly across the aisle , whipping past a group of stunne morning commuter , and smash out through the far window ... ext . CITY street - day the scarab , Duke and rip all crash hard to the pavement and tumble . spark and flame and fly metal everywhere . Duke and rip finally stop tumble , a hundred yard away from the wreck of the scarab . int . / ext . BRAWLER - CITY street - day scarlett , heavy duty and breaker see this on they monitor . heavy duty / breaker Holy shit ... scarlett ( cringing ) you guy okay ? ext . railway crossing - CITY street - day Duke and ripcord 's visor lift , both look a bit wigge . 77 . duke what happen to you ? ripcord I go through the train . what happen to you ? duke I jump over it . ripcord you can do that ? duke yeah , you do not know ? inside the scarab : we see the neo-viper be dead . Storm shadow be incredibly beat and bloody , but Ana be just fine in she red accelerator suit . Storm shadow grab the weapon case and he and Ana leap out . Duke and ripcord pick themselves up while snake - eye crawl out of the trash can nearby . they see Storm shadow and Ana emerge from the scarab and hurry off towards the tower . duke ( cont 'd ) c'mon ! snake - eye follow Duke and ripcord , charge after they . ext . eiffel tower - day hundred of tourist swarm around the south base of the tower to buy they ticket and start they tour . Storm shadow and Ana burst through they , slamm past security guard as they bound onto the stair . people scream at the sight of Ana . Duke and ripcord arrive second later , rush up in they accelerator suit like being from another world . they spot Ana and Storm shadow on the stair and hurry after they . the Security Guards draw they pistol and start shoot at Duke and ripcord . the bullet ping off they suit . ripcord ( to Duke ) how do you say " we be the good guy " in french ? meanwhile , snake - eye evade all the chaos by leaping up under the south base , scale the iron lattice like a monkey . 78 . on the first floor : Ana and Storm shadow crest the stair and rudely push through the crowd to the stairway on the opposite side of the floor . another security guard draw a gun on they but Storm shadow snatch the weapon out of the man 's hand , swatting he with the butt , all without miss a step . the crowd panic and run scream for the stair -- -- where Duke and ripcord be struggle to catch up . the avalanche of tourist slow they progress . underneath the stairway , however , snake - eye continue to climb fast without a safety net . he make it to the first floor and race after Ana and Storm shadow . on the ground : the Brawler screech up . scarlett 's first out with breaker and heavy duty behind she . all of they carry weapon . the Security Guards instantly go on the defensive as they hurry up to the stairway . gun go up . scarlett speak to they urgently in french . scarlett ( french , subtitle ) do not shoot ! we be a special anti - terrorist unit ! there 's a bomb up there ! police car be now rush up behind they . on the second floor : Ana and Storm shadow speed over to the main tower elevator and barge they way inside . Storm shadow hurl the elevator operator out as Ana open the weapon case and remove one of the nanotech warhead and its kill switch . through the stunne crowd , they see snake - eye reach the top of the stair behind . Ana roll the warhead towards he while Storm shadow line up on he with the Security Guard 's pistol as if to shoot he . snake - eye glare defiantly at Storm shadow who just grin and lower he gun at the warhead . a single shot and the warhead explode . snake - eye recoil . on the ground : everyone hear the warhead detonate . on the first floor : Duke and ripcord freeze . on the second floor : a burst of nano -mite spread out in all direction . Storm shadow close the elevator door and hit a button for the top . the elevator race upwards as everything else get eat by the ravenous nano-mite . the floor begin to disappear . tourist stampede towards the stair . a little girl be throw from she mother' grip . the mother scream out for she child as the girl go over the railing . 79 . on the first floor : a hundred foot up , Duke and rip see she come . ripcord swing out and catch the girl just in time . above they , the tower be dissolve before they eye . Duke see snake - eye be push down the stair by the tourist . he leap up onto the iron lattice . ripcord where you go ? duke each warhead have a kill switch . ripcord it 's too late ! we gotta get off this thing ! duke that nano- mite will level the entire city ! Duke climb up the side of the tower with he accelerator suit . rip thing about follow , but then look at the little girl in he arm , who smile and hug he . snake - eye grab he and they join the flow of people down the stair . the nano-mite chase they close behind . below they , scarlett , breaker , and heavy duty be help the police evacuate the Tower . inside the elevator : Ana and Storm shadow race to the top . ana ( into mike ) be ready to pick up in thirty second . in the skie : the typhoon gunship rocket towards the top of the disintegrate eiffel Tower , its side door open . on the tower : Duke scale the tower , the nano-mite chase he up . his eye on the elevator as it reach the top deck just above he . the typhoon fire a blast of its concussion cannon at Duke , knock he off the tower . he fall , but manage to catch the tower just below , the nano-mite almost on top of he now . the climb even faster . on the top deck : the elevator arrive . Ana and Storm shadow calmly walk out and climb the railing as the typhoon hover up beside they . below they , Duke see they board . the tower groan and wobble . it 's a long way down . time have run out . Ana and Storm shadow jump into the typhoon . 80 . with the nano -mite at he heel , Duke clamber up and jump up off the side of the Tower , sailing up through the air and latching onto the side door of the typhoon . in the typhoon : the gunship rock with he sudden weight . Ana and Storm shadow almost lose they foot . Duke spring inside . he smack Storm shadow down and grab the kill switch from Ana , press the trigger . immediately , the nano-mite pulse with light and fall to the ground around the eiffel Tower . the Tower groan , half - eat , then topple over on its side . ripcord and snake - eye scurry out of the way as it crash down onto the seine , send up a enormous explosion of water . the shock on the face of everyone around reverberate through the entire Joe team . ripcord keep he eye on the typhoon as it pull away . breaker suddenly get a idea . breaker come on ! he haul -ass . int . typhoon - day Ana look at Duke , a purse smile on she lip . ana you just save Paris . Storm shadow be not happy at all , he tasers Duke , who drop hard to the floor of the typhoon . ext . STREET - day a crowd have gather around the crash scarab . heavy duty yank one of the dead Neo -viper out . breaker yank off the guy 's helmet then remove a needle - like port plug from he surveillance suit . scarlett move into position to help he . ripcord kneel down . ripcord what be you do ? breaker plugging into he cerebral cortex . with a sickening crunch , breaker plunge the needle into the top of the neo-viper 's head . ripcord wince at the sight . 81 . scarlett the brain survive for a couple of minute after death . we can read he most recent memory . ripcord can you find Duke ? breaker if this guy remember the way home we can . insert : a flash of memories appear on breaker 's hud . Duke shoot he in the face , racing along the highway , drive the armore car . as the image continue , we push in on the neo-viper 's open eye and CUT to : int . control room - mar headquarters - day mccullen watch breaker and ripcord through the dead Neo - viper 's eye on a screen . he turn to the Doctor urgently . mccullen destroy that unit immediately . the Doctor remove he pda and tap a key to draw up the neo- viper 's file . he click a button that read " terminate " . ext . CITY street - day instantly , the neo-viper 's body snap rigid and begin to shake . everyone get a shock . back up . heavy duty he 's still alive ! scarlett he 's not alive . heavy duty you ever see a dead guy do that ? scarlett they activate a self -destruct . the neo- viper 's body start to decay before they . thousands of nano -mite literally eat away at he flesh and bone . breaker nano-mite ! 82. ripcord they be eat he ! scarlett hurry , breaker ! but the nano-mite be too fast . the neo- viper 's leg be now go . his chest and arm next . breaker rapidly scan through the memory flash . but now the nano-mite consume he head . breaker now int . control room - mar headquarters - day mccullen watch breaker 's frantic face suddenly disappear on he screen . he give the Doctor a smile . ext . STREET - day breaker look crestfallen at the empty Neo - viper suit in he arm . ripcord kneel beside he , stunne and bereft . ripcord you do the best you could . breaker relax , I get it . ripcord you get it ? ( confuse ) well , what be the " noo ! " for ? breaker that be for mccullen . there be the sound of weapon be raise . the team look to see they be surround by french police and paratrooper . french swat captain ( in french ) put you hand in the air ! the joe trade look , shrug and raise they hand . ripcord ( under he breath ) we do not have time for this . 83 . scarlett it 's again friendly for t order to engage with ces . ripcord the onl about i dukendly force I care S ripcord suddenly S force ' head . some hit the prays a burst of crash through t deck . gunfire over the french to grab he , he french line . ripcord charge , and though a dozen paratr forward , and he fight , they take ooper oper manage we smash CUT to : a he down hard . the joe sit alone french police holding cel L - dusk who bear some bruisbench . heavy fight . duty stare at ripcord , heavy duty Nice . arlett it 's not he emotional . fault . he 's just ... scarlett and a french detect rip share a look . on the other suit of curiously examine n a desk . bre aker jump up to breakerssde rf the bar the bar . please , breaker touch that . please , do not he's touch it 's very ... okayit . , please ! sir. Sir , how do ripcord you say " lawyer " in french ? breaker if we could get on a might be to computer we longitude able input the partial les g es latitude , and viper , figu the download from tha t be out they locati on - heavy duty ( to ripcord ) it will be a military when they be do tribunal . need a lawyer . we with we and will need diaper . 84 . ripcord ( to himself ) think , think , think ... ( to the joe ) at some point they gotta feed we or take we out for the interrogation . when they do I will jump the lead Guard . heavy , you go for he weapon and -- breaker -- start a international incident . ripcord I be not gonna just sit here ! breaker this be bigger than Duke . ripcord what if it be one of you ? what if they have heavy or scarlett , what would you do ? the joe trade look - rock and a hard place . ripcord ( cont 'd ) we be not do Duke a damned bit of good sit here . if it be reverse , Duke would be kick down every door between here and the freakin ' moon ' till he find I . scarlett and we will do the same for he as soon as we get out of here . she have a think and turn to breaker . scarlett ( cont 'd ) partial ? you say partial latitude and longitude . breaker we only get the one coordinate -- 90 degree , then the image go to snow . scarlett maybe it be the whole coordinate , just 90 degree latitude . ( they all look at she ) ( more ) 85 . scarlett ( cont 'd ) before the image go to snow , ... it 's the polar ice cap . rip' dog tag hit the floor and slide to he foot . the joe all look up to see several police official look at they . int . hallway - night the joe be lead down a hallway . ripcord they do away with the guillotine , right ? they arrive at a door . the door be open to reveal a man in a wheelchair , back turn . when he spin around , it 's Hawk . breaker General ! Hawk just shake he head and sigh heavily . int . room - later the joe sit around the General , mid-discussion . heavy duty how long before we be release ? hawk the french government be allow you to leave on the condition that none of you ever return . other agency will be handle this from here on . scarlett / ripcord what ?! hawk the head of state of every member of GI joe be recalling they operative . we be now consider a rogue unit , uncontrollable . shut down . we be to report to Washington for debrief . Hawk roll he wheelchair to the door . ripcord that 's it ? they have get Duke ! 86 . Hawk stop he wheelchair , turn to they . hawk I say you be to report to Washington . I do not say when , or which route to take . scarlett maybe a northern one . Hawk smile and wheel out the door . ext . night raven - skie - dusk a night raven rocket through the orange sky , smashing through the sound barrier with a ear-tingling sonic boom . int . night raven - skie - dusk Storm shadow sit in a meditative state . Duke be shackle , hand bound , out of he accelerator suit . Ana step out of the cockpit area and approach he , nod to Storm shadow . ana he think I should kill you . duke why do not you ? ana James want to meet you in person . duke James ? ana Mr mccullen . duke Ana listen -- ana -- talk softly , or he will tazer you again . duke ( raise he bound hand ) loosen this , he will never taser anything again . she tap the bond on he wrist . 87 . ana I should have think of this before . they almost share a smile . duke let I get this straight . you be with mccullen . you be marry to that Baron . and you claim you be still in love with I . ana I be a complex woman . duke maybe you just do not know who you be anymore . ana who I be die long ago . duke no , this be not you , I still see the person I love behind you eye . her eye soften for a moment . ana tell I what she be like . duke she be smart , and funny . she be loyal as hell . she love that she be close with , I , she brother ... ( agonize pause ) I do my best . with rex . I be sorry . he be my responsibility . I should have ... it 's why I leave , Ana . why I could not be with you . you be in so much pain ... I think the sight of I just give you more . she seem to be affect by this ever so slightly , then ... a hard , cold look come to she eye , she shake she head . ana it do not matter now . duke no , it matter very much . we have the chance to make thing right . 88. ana nothing will ever be right again . Duke stare at she , he heart rip apart . we push in on the two of they and flashback to : ext . cemetery - WASHINGTON D.C. - flashback - day rain be drizzle on a military cemetery . Ana sit alone , without family , without Duke , stare straight ahead as rex 's casket be lower into the ground . park on a nearby road be a lone car . Duke sit inside it , stare at the funeral in the distance . his face tell we the anguish he 's live with . he pull out and start to drive away , the rain on the windshield blur as we dissolve to : int . / ext . night raven - polar ice cap - night the night raven zeroe down on a stretch of ice near a huge cave . a set of runway light appear under the ice , guide it in for a smooth landing . the cave swallow the plane whole . int . ice cave - night the night raven roll to a stop inside the cave . the side door open . Storm shadow exit with the weapon case . Ana lead Duke out , two neo-viper behind they . Storm shadow click a hand hold remote and a hidden ice wall open to reveal a hi - tech diving bell await they . Duke use the moment to lunge forward , grab the case and haul ass towards the cave door . Storm shadow spin , shurikan throw star in he hand . the neo- viper whip up they pulse rifle . ana no ! mccullen have plan for he ! Storm shadow throw a star , it whistle across the cave and nail Duke in he shoulder , Duke go down hard , stagger back up , but the neo- viper be already on he , they start beat the live shit out of he . Ana jog up . ana ( cont 'd ) enough ! Storm shadow pick up the case and look at Duke , face down , bloody and beat . 89 . STORM shadow and what be you plan ? run three thousand mile across the ice ? he rip he star out of Duke 's shoulder . Duke suck it up . STORM shadow ( cont 'd ) stupid soldier . Duke roll over and stare up at they , breathe hard . int . submarine - night ripcord , scarlett , snake - eye , heavy duty and breaker be in the conn tower of a next - gen submarine , go over a 3-d map of the polar ice cap . heavy duty that 's a lotta ice . ripcord it 's gonna be like try to find whale spit in the ocean . breaker see a SMALL light flash on he Ball - eyepiece . breaker that 's strange . scarlett what ? breaker when they steal the weapon case , I set my suit to scan for the tracker beacon in case it come back on , and it just come back on . ripcord just smile . ripcord that 's my boy . ext . arctic ocean - night the diving bell come shoot down out of a shaft in the bottom of the ice cap and rocket down towards the facility . 90 . int . diving bell - night as the diving bell descend , Duke stare at the facility out the portal . he be awed by the immense size of the place , he look at Ana , proud of she office . ana certain work need to be do away from the public eye . int . entry port - night the diving bell entry port open , guard by two neo-viper . mccullen stand wait . his eye first move to the weapon case in Storm shadow 's hand . Storm shadow open it and show he the three remain warhead . mccullen run he finger over they , then nod , Storm shadow close the case . mccullen take they to the drone . I want they ready to launch in one hour . STORM shadow it will be do . and only then do mccullen greet Ana . mccullen my beautiful Lady of the Lake ... he kiss she . Ana kiss he back with slightly - feign affection , she eye open and on Duke . Duke stand there , impassive . mccullen finish the kiss and turn to Duke . mccullen ( cont 'd ) this bother you ? Duke say nothing , so mccullen step closer . mccullen ( cont 'd ) be not it funny , with the entire balance of power in the world about to shift , a couple of guy can still have a stare down over who get the girl . Duke take the opportunity to head butt mccullen . the neo- viper instantly pummel Duke to the floor . mccullen wipe a small trickle of blood from he nose . 91 . mccullen ( cont 'd ) the interesting thing about my Neo - viper be they still think the same thought they always do , they just can not act on they anymore . instead , they do what I want . I imagine that must be very frustrating . he get right down in Duke 's face . mccullen ( cont 'd ) I be go to make you very unhappy . duke ( grit tooth ) I be already happy . mccullen glance at Ana , watch the display with conflict eye . mccullen head for the door , beckone the neo-viper to make Duke follow he . int . corridor - night Duke trail behind mccullen and Ana , flanke by neo-viper . duke what be you gonna do with the warhead ? mccullen you take to you training well , that 's good . still try to develop information . still plan to escape and stope I . moment from now , you will see that will not ever happen . duke then you will not mind tell I . mccullen be not it clear ? I be a business man . I be go to use they . duke million of people be gonna die if you launch that warhead . what be it you want , mccullen ? 92 . mccullen merely to strike fear into the heart of every man , woman , and child on the planet . only then will they look up to the man who wield the most power , and obey he . int . control room - night the control room be alive with technician squirreling about various station . monitor show three large aerial drone sit in vertical launch bay . Duke see the drone and he face register the horror of what mccullen 's about to do . he glance at Ana , she quietly look away , a hint of remorse in she eye ? the Doctor rise to greet mccullen , glance at Duke for several moment , as if strike by the sight of he . mccullen meet the genius behind all my nanotechnology . the doctor my genius lie only in take what other create to the logical next step . all modern gain in science be make through theft . mccullen you will have to excuse he modesty , when I find he , he be -- the doctor ( interrupt , be : Duke ) -- another " recruit " ? mccullen albeit a rather unwilling one . the Doctor 's nano - mite can control all manner of brain function . when you wake up , you will be work for I , and you past will be a distant shimmer that float in and out of you mind like a leaf on a breeze . the doctor I will prepare he for the surgery . the Doctor beckon the neo-viper who shove Duke after he towards another door . Duke and Ana exchange one last look . mccullen keep he eye on she as she watch he go . 93. ext . destro headquarters - underwater - day a school of fish swim past the facility , one fish break away from the school . camera zoom in tight on it : it 's not a fish at all , but a mini robotic underwater spy system . ext . submarine - destro headquarters - day a sleek submarine drift silently through the arctic water . breaker ( v.0 . ) picture 's come on line now . int . conn tower - submarine - day in the conn Tower of the sub , we team gather around breaker who sit at a monitor watch what the " fish " be watch . scarlett it 's a underwater facility ... heavy duty mccullen 's home away from home . ripcord duke ' gotta be in there somewhere . scarlett wait , what 's that ? breaker zoom in on a massive turbo - laser cannon . breaker oh , Jesus ... that 's a automated , phase array turbo-pulse battery . ( off they look ) a really big gun . scarlett could it take out we sub ? breaker that thing could take out a dozen sub simultaneously . scarlett then that 's we first objective . ripcord no , no . Duke 's we first objective . 94 . scarlett the main force can not attack as long as that cannon 's online . heavy duty how you figure get it offline ? snake - eye point to the diving bell cable n the monitor . scarlett Elevator cable . they have get a surface entrance . shipwreck ? she turn to the submarine commander , hector " shipwreck " delgado , a fiery Spanish naval combat veteran . shipwreck go up , senorita ? scarlett nod and lead the other down a corridor . scarlett snake - eye , breaker , ripcord , and I will infiltrate the factory from above and destroy the cannon . heavy D , as soon as we give the word , you lead the assault from outside . heavy duty ( nod grimly ) go , joe ... ext . ice field - polar ice cap - day a quiet wind blow across a remote stretch of arctic ice . all of a sudden the ice pack begin to tremble like the mother of all earthquake . it crack and rupture and then erupt as the conn tower of the submarine crash through , then grind to a halt . a forward hatch open and two rock slide launch out , landing hard on the ice and speed away . ripcord and breaker on one . scarlett and snake - eye on the other . int . launch BAY - destro headquarters - day mccullen , Ana , and Storm shadow watch monitor show technician secure the warhead onto three rocket propel smart-drone . as the last one be secure a technician say : technician all drone prepare and ready , Sir . 95 . mccullen good , commence the launch sequence immediately . be that a ripple of concern flicker across Ana 's face ? int . / ext . ice cave - polar ice cap - day we team race into the ice cave on they rock slide and park beside the dormant night raven . weapon up . scan the place from top to bottom . ripcord star at the awesome plane tower before he . ripcord that mccullen 's get some gadget . breaker gesture to the ice wall . snake - eye use he katana sword to slice a circle in the wall and yank it out , revealing the diving bell cable , but no diving bell . breaker maybe we could slide down . snake - eye shake he head , doubtful scarlett the arctic water would kill we . int . control room - destro headquarters - day mccullen , Ana , and Storm shadow watch the drone sit in the launch bay on the screen . technician be work hard . technician Three ... two ... one ... ignite primary engine . the entire control room begin to shake . the screen fill with fire . int . / ext . ice cave - polar ice cap - day the joe run outside , wonder what the hell be cause the earthquake . a large circle of ice near they melt . and then the first drine explode up before they and launch into the morning sky , peel away to the east . before they can react , the second drine explode up a hundred yard away , peel off to the west . they hear the third one about to rocket up -- 96 . snake - eye think fast , sprint into the cave , jump on a rock slide , haul - ass outside , hit a weapon switch on he rock slide , prepping two heat - seeking rocket on either side of the vehicle . the third drine launch up from two hundred yard away . snake - eye lock onto its exhaust and fire . the missile race up after the drine and knock it out of the sky . it explode . Metal fly . snow burn . int . control room - destro headquarters - day the technician see this on they monitor . technician we lose one . mccullen lose one ? what do you mean ? technician Bird Three be down , sir. mccullen look at the monitor , enraged . Storm shadow smile . STORM shadow we be under attack . mccullen alert all defence . charge up the pulse cannon . he turn to say something to Ana , but she have leave the room . ext . ice cave - polar ice cap - day topside , the team watch the two remain drone race away . breaker what about the other two ? ripcord we find the kill switch and short out the nano-mite . breaker ( shake he head ) they be already way out of range . scarlett then somebody have to go up there and shoot that thing down . 97 . ripcord ( pause ) that 's I . int . night raven - ice cave - moment later ripcord climb into the night raven 's cockpit . scarlett step up to watch . he 's already flipping switch and put on a flight helmet . scarlett can you even fly this thing ? ripcord I can fly anything . you just track that warhead and guide I in . we do not have long until they hit . scarlett ripcord ? he glance at she , a moment between they . then she press forward and kiss he on the mouth . he stare back at she . scarlett ( cont 'd ) good luck . ripcord do I a favor ? save Duke . she give he a nod , then leave . ripcord grin to himself . ext . night raven - ice cave - day the night raven tear across the ice and launch into the sky . ripcord whoops with adrenaline . scarlett , snake - eye , and breaker fast rope down into the first launch bay as the ice reform behind they , hide the hole . int . operating chamber - destro headquarters - day we now find Duke , wear only surgical trouser , strapped on the operate gurney we see Zartan on earlier . the smart robot warming up around he as the Doctor approach . the doctor the atomic bomb that be drop on Hiroshima destroy seventy percent of the city . seventy percent ... do you know that , Duke ? 98 . Duke look at he , something familiar . rex there be a bank situate less than one hundred yard from Ground Zero , destroy of course . only one thing survive . it 's four bank vault . and when that vault be open , they discover everything inside they have survive completely unscathed . duke who be you ? the doctor of course , the vault I take shelter in be not that well - make . he unclip he breathing tube and lower the mask to reveal a scar and burn face . the doctor ( cont 'd ) double bubble ? Duke be beyond shocked . duke rex ... rex immediately have trouble breathe and return the mask over he face . duke ( cont 'd ) you sonuvabitch ... Ana bury you . the doctor a move ceremony , I be sure . the three volley salute . the flag on the coffin . duke why ? . why do not you come in ...? the doctor because I find out the truth ... and we flashback to : jungle build - day rex move through the building with fireteam bravo . 99 . brave soldier Intel say the lab 's in the basement . fireteam bravo kick open a door . they lead the way down a staircase toward the basement . rex follow , nervous as hell . the soldier round a corner , suddenly , rex hear gunfire , he freeze , then silence , rex pull out he .45 and round the corner to see fireteam bravo down . a guard be try to clear a jam in he machine gun . as he clear the weapon and raise it , rex raise he .45 and fire first . the Guard drop . rex check bravo , but they be not move . he look around the basement , no lab , but he see a massive vault door , close . he head for the vault , 45 raise , breathe hard . whoosh , a blast of refrigerate air hit he as he open the door . rex enter a small room fill with dead animal in huge formaldehyde jars&gt ; something inside the animal be constantly reshaping they appearance , reforming they facial bone and change the color , texture and elasticity of they skin . there be a scuffling noise , rex point he gun . a small , stoop old scientist in a lab coat appear . scientist be you go to shoot I ?... rex do not respond . scientist ( cont 'd ) we know you be come . but I could not walk away from it ... rex stare in awe , not what he be expect . rex stay where you be . his gun up , he find a computer terminal and begin access various file , start read they . rex ( cont 'd ) this be not chemical or nuclear -- scientist no. something much ... better . res this be beyond anything ... this be light year ahead of anyone in the field . 100 . scientist you see why I could not leave . rex nod , hypnotize by the science in front of he , a instant bond form with the man who create it . the distant sound of jet . the scientist move to the vault door and begin pull it close as we hear the j- dam bunker buster whistling towards they . scientist ( cont 'd ) if we live , I will show you everything ... we smash CUT back to the medical wing - present Duke try to absorb what he 's learn . the Doctor continue . the doctor the man who create this technology be not we enemy . in fact , he be hire by we very own government to create it . when it be deem too unethical , they send we to kill he . he do not survive the blast . but I ... live . ( touch he face ) and I escape with he research . unfortunately I test it on myself first , and lose my lung and vocal chord in the process . but now I have perfect it , and you will get a first -hand experience . duke ( he biggest concern ) do Ana know about this , about you ? the doctor no ... and she never will . he glance at the smart robot and Duke realize . duke you sick bastard ... you do this to you own sister ? the doctor ( incensed ) I love my sister ! do you have any idea the state she be in ? I dead . you awol . Depression , drug . ( more ) 101 . the doctor ( cont 'd ) so , I have she bring here , give she a way to deal with she pain , give she purpose . make she strong . I give she a new life , Duke . duke why work for mccullen ? the doctor he save my life , for starter . now to mention infinite resource to work in the field of my choose . duke that 's bullshit . you could have have any job you want . the doctor I do not want any job . you can not play nice with science , Duke . it 's sometimes necessary to experiment , to fail , even to destroy to attain a goal . it 's a fact that mccullen have the gut to embrace . duke ( still shocked ) everything she 's do , everything she 's become , start because she think you die that day . the doctor and because you then abandon she , let 's not forget that part . and with that , he leave Duke to the smart robot , which menacingly begin to move in . int . launch BAY - day scarlett , snake - eye , and breaker drop down into the launch bay . they see a chrome corridor lead into the facility . scarlett it 's pressure plate and laser protect . anyway around it ? breaker no . any object larger than a quarter will fry you britches . snake - eye shake he head with a sigh , then step forward and leap onto the floor , landing on he fingertip . 102 . then , with incredible strength , he proceed to walk across the floor on he fingertip , aware of the continuous crackle and hum of laser around he . scarlett and breaker watch with bait breath . snake - eye now reach the doorway . breaker ( cont 'd ) what you will have to do be rewire the laser panel 's brain by -- -- snake - eye swiftly balance on one set of fingertip while he other finger grab he sword and stab the laser panel . the sound of the laser net instantly vanish . breaker ( cont 'd ) .or you cold just stab it . int . operating chamber - day Duke lie on the operate table as a smart robot make a incision behind he right ear . Duke grimace . a long needle zeroe in on the incision . as the needle dive towards Duke 's head , a hand hit a switch and the needle quickly retract . Duke look over to see Ana by the control , gaze at he . ana I do not have much time . she rush over and unty he and they stare at each other , then kiss passionately . all of a sudden , Duke feel something behind she right ear , he turn she head , -- a incision scar . he look at she , but before he can say anything , Ana 's body snap rigid and fall limp in he arm . duke Ana ! Duke look over to see the Doctor hold he pda , mccullen and two neo-viper beside he , they rifle on Duke and Ana . Duke gaze at Ana , desperately feel for she pulse . int . turbo laser control room - day two technician man the fire control of the huge turbo laser cannon . snake - eye take they out and shut down the cannon . he send a quick message on he wrist - communicator . int . conn tower - day heavy duty see the message appear on a screen . " cannon off - line . have a nice day . " heavy smile and turn to shipwreck . 103 . heavy duty let 's get in this fight . ext . underwater - day the GI joe submarine peel around a rocky headland now , in full view of the underwater facility . a series of torpedoe fire out of the submarine 's launch tube . most be blow up by the facility 's Harpoon cannon defense , but several manage to hit the facility 's exterior . ka - boom !! int . flight control room - day the whole place shudder . scarlett and breaker blow the control room door and cut down the technician try to shoot they . breaker take over a station console . breaker okay , I have get a lock on the two remain warhead . target one be Moscow ! target two be Washington ! scarlett give ripcord the coordinate . int . turbo laser control room - day snake - eye spin to see a pair of katana blade come crash down at he from behind . he spin , but one of the blade cut he on he leave arm , send he reeling backwards , it 's Storm shadow . who quickly power the laser cannon back online . snake - eye dive to stop he , -- and as they sword meet we flash CUT to : the ground of the arishikage temple , where two sixteen year - old , snake - eye and Storm shadow , trade blow with wooden katanas . Storm shadow drop snake - eye , who fall hard , Storm shadow step on he throat , sword point in snake - eye ' face . hard master look on without expression . flash CUT back to : the control room , where snake - eye and Storm shadow 's blade flash like lightning , they battle fiercely around the room . a Neo - viper charge up the control . snake can not stop he . 104 . ext . underwater - day outside , the massive turbo - laser swing wildly towards the submarine and fire . a brilliant blue pulse ripple through the arctic sea , glance the side of the vessel . wham !! int . conn tower - day the submarine shake hard . rivets burst . Water pour in . shipwreck the hull 's be rupture ! heavy duty everyone into the attack boat ! ext . submarine - day hatches open along the side of the submarine , deploy ten sharc attack craft carry dozen of joe . at the same time , batch begin to open on the facility and a dozen mantis attack craft carry dozen of Neo - viper emerge . int . / ext . sharc - underwater - day heavy duty and shipwreck pilot one of the sharcs . the huge oppose force come at they be quite terrifying . heavy duty keep tight everybody . he fire a harpoon torpedo which blast a mantis . the mantis craft return FIRE . the whole area explode in a pulse fire and harpoon blast . the Joe submarine sink and explode at the base of the facility . int . operating chamber - day Duke cuddle dead Ana , clearly emotional . mccullen step up . mccullen be she still alive ? the doctor for now . mccullen you say this could not happen . 105 . the doctor I do not think it could . I have never see anyone defeat the programming , even momentarily . Duke recover and angrily grab one of Ana 's pistol and kill the two Neo - viper , then turn the gun on the other . the Doctor lift he pda , finger on the " terminate " button . the doctor ( cont 'd ) if I press this , Ana die . duke put it down . the doctor you choice , Duke . duke put it down ! the Doctor do not move . mccullen watch the stand - off he right hand discreetly draw steel hose out from he sleeve . int . / ext . night raven - skie - day ripcord streak into the upper atmosphere in the night raven , the curve of the Earth visible out he window . ahead , he can see a pulsating light . ripcord I see it , dead ahead . int . flight control rool - day breaker speak into he headset . breaker you have to knock it down before it re-enter the atmosphere so the nano-mite do not reach the ground . int . / ext . night raven - skie - day ripcord flick a switch and open a pulse laser on the nose . ripcord uh , I have get a problem . the fire control be not in here . 106 . breaker' voice what do you mean , not in there ? ripcord I mean I can not see they anywhere ! int . flight control room - day scarlett hear this and realize . scarlett it 's gotta be voice- activate . ripcord voice what ? scarlett you have to say the word into you flight helmet . int . / ext . night raven - skie - day ripcord line up the missile in he sight , get a lock . ripcord Fire ! ( nothing happen ) shoot ! ( still nothing ) blast away ! still nothing , the missile streaking onwards towards the Earth . int . flight control room - day they hear ripcord yell over the speaker . ripcord voice nothing 's happen ! breaker must be a different language . scarlett ( to ripcord ) try " teine " . ripcord voice what ? 107 . scarlett it 's Scottish for fire . int . / ext . night raven - skie - day ripcord 's not sure about this , the missile arcing down . ripcord teine . scarlett listen to my voice , " teine " . ripcord teine ! teine ! teine ! ( nothing happen ) it 's not work ! scarlett' voice that 's because you be not say it right ! ripcord how many different way you want I to say it ? scarlett' voice one way ! the right way ! teine ! ripcord teine ! and at last the pulse laser fire . blast the missile out of the sky . the cloud of nano -mite float aimlessly away . int . flight control room - day they all see the missile disappear on they screen . breaker Nice work , Ace . you just save Moscow . int . / ext . night raven - skie - day ripcord sigh with relief , already peel away . ripcord just do my job . guide I to the other drine ... ( more ) 108 . ripcord ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) .man , I freakin ' save Moscow ! ext . white house - WASHINGTON - day the White House glisten in the midday sun . int . presidential bunker - day the american President 's bodyguard rush he and he staff down into a fortify bunker beneath the White House . president how soon will it strike the city ? staffer seventeen minute , sir. president this will be a disaster the like of which we have never see . as the door close behind they we see the mar industries logo on the door . ext . underwater - day another blast from the turbo - laser destroy a sharc . int . / ext . sharc - underwater - day heavy duty see this as he take out a mantis . shipwreck that cannon 's go to kill we all . heavy duty my guy will take care of it , trust I . int . control room - ENERGY shaft - day snake - eye kill the neo-viper , who fall down a large shaft into freezing water . Storm shadow lunge at snake - eye and the two of they tumble down into the shaft , but land on a gangway . they both leap up and begin to fight again . the neo- viper try to crawl out of the freezing water , seemingly unfaze as he slowly freeze solid . 109 . all of a sudden , there 's loud noise and a series of ENERGY lasers power on up and down the shaft between various circuit module . this be where the energy be charge to operate the cannon . one of the laser catch Storm shadow 's shoulder and burn he severely . snake - eye see this and duck just as a ENERGY laser fire on beside he head . ext . underwater - day outside , the turbo - laser fire . the Joe craft desperately weave and dodge . int . ENERGY shaft - day .and the laser net fade . instantly , Storm shadow and snake - eye continue they desperate fight . sword flash and clang , two master at they best . and we flash CUT to : the ground of the arishikage temple , where two twenty - two year old , Storm shadow and snake - eye sword fight . Storm shadow knock snake - eye to the ground again and place he steel sword against snake - eye ' face . again , hard master watch without expression . and we flash CUT back to : the ENERGY shaft , where Storm shadow slashes snake - eye across the chest , but before he can finish he off , the cannon charge up again and the laser net slam on . Storm shadow twist he body to avoid the ENERGY lasers while snake - eye lift himself up to he toe to avoid a laser that threaten to disintegrate he crotch . Storm shadow see this , grin to himself . int . presidential bunker - day a staffer be on the phone , look up at the President . staffer it seem somebody 's shot down the warhead head for Moscow . president thank God ... as he say this , a secret service agent draw a silenced pistol and kill the other Agents and staff . we see a incision scar behind he right ear and realize he be a neo- viper . the President stare , stunne and horrify . the neo- viper hold he pistol on the President as -- 110 . --a bookcase move on the wall , revealing a secret room . a unseen figure emerge and the President stare in shock . int . / ext . night raven - skie - day up in the sky , ripcord spot the second drine rocketing down towards the lower atmosphere in front of he . ripcord second drine in my sight . int . flight control room - day breaker and scarlett watch in the control room . breaker hurry , rip . you have only get thirty second before it enter the lower atmosphere . int . / ext . night raven - skie - day ripcord 's feel the pressure . he target the missile . ripcord taine ! but nothing happen . scarlett 's voice yell in he head . scarlett' voice teine ! teine ! ripcord do not yell at I ! scarlett' voice teine . ripcord take a breath , steal he nerve . a red fuel light start beep on he control board . rip do he best to ignore it , focus on the missile as it begin to disappear into the lower atmosphere . the light beat faster and louder . ripcord teine ! the laser pulse fire , blast straight at the missile which be lose in the atmospheric haze below . for a moment , he can not tell if he hit it or not . int . control room - destro headquarters - day the tracking in the control room provide the answer . breaker you miss ! the warhead have enter the lower atmosphere ! int . / ext . night raven - skie - day ripcord realize this as he enter the lower atmosphere himself . the spread of WASHINGTON d.c . Far below he now . int . operating chamber - day in the operate chamber , the stand - off reach its boil point now . mccullen slowly approach Duke who keep Ana 's pistol on the Doctor , Ana still in Duke 's arm . mccullen do you think she love you ? duke stay back ! mccullen do you imagine you life with she ? duke I say stay back ! the doctor do not you know you have lose , Duke ? duke all I know be that neither of you deserve she . mccullen suddenly lift the steel hose in he right hand -- --a burst of flame tear out at Duke who reflexively fire the pulse pistol at it . the intense air blast from the pulse pistol catch the flame midway between they and blow they back onto mccullen . mccullen scream as he face be literally burn off . the Doctor freak and drop the pda , then yank mccullen out into the corridor . Duke fire after they , then grab the pda , remove Ana 's screen with a sigh of relief . 112 . int . / ext . night rave - skie - day above Washington , ripcord gun he aircraft after the fall drine . get real close this time . no way he can miss . int . control room - destro headquarters - day they see this on the screen in the control room . breaker you be too close , rip . back up . int . / ext . night raven - skie - day ripcord get eerily calm all of a sudden . ripcord actually , I think I be just about close enough ... ( pause ) .teine . the pulse laser fire point blank . the missile explode right in front of he . ripcord fly through the flame , the cloud of nano -mite latching onto he wing . int . control room - destro headquarters - day the drine disappear from they screen now . scarlett ripcord ? what happen ? rip ! int . / ext . night raven - skie - day ripcord be now struggle mightily with he control as the nano-mite swiftly eat he plane . his fuel light flash at he alarmingly . he angle the night raven upwards , give it all he 's get , nano-mite everywhere . int . control room - destro headquarters - day they see he plane angle back up into the upper atmosphere . 113. breaker he 's take the nano-mite back up into the upper atmosphere . int . / ext . night raven - skie - day the night raven be break up all around ripcord now . he quickly attaches he flight helmet 's breathing mask . int . control room - destro headquarters - day ripcord turn the plane over , invert it . ripcord cur magh ! the canopy explode . rip shoot back down into the atmosphere as the nano-mite devour the night raven , then float away ... int . control room - destro headquarters - day they see this on they screen . breaker he do it ... he actually do it ... scarlett ripcord ? talk to I ... ripcord ! still nothing . and now they begin to suspect the worst . then : ripcord voice I ask you not to yell at I . relief come rush back to scarlett and breaker . scarlett what happen ? be you okay ? ripcord voice yeah , do it work ? scarlett yes ...yes , it work . ext . parachute - skie - day ripcord smile , parachute down towards Washington . 114 . ripcord ( into headset ) good ... cause I think I be about to get arrest . ext . white house - day ripcord land on the White House lawn , hold he hand up benignly as dozen of secret service agent surround he . int . ENERGY shaft - day ENERGY lasers pulse on again , almost catch the two ninjas in they fight . snake - eye draw he katana sword , its blade shimmer in the laser - light as he redirect the laser back into its module . Storm shadow do the same with he sword , barely save he neck . they glare at each other . and we flash CUT to the arishikage temple , where the two 26 year - old fight with katanas . Storm shadow press forward , snake -eye side -step and hurl Storm shadow to the ground ! he step up and put he sword tip in Storm shadow 's eye . snake - eye first ever win over Storm shadow . hard master clap one time . Storm shadow look at he father , he can not believe it , he father seem happy for snake - eye . he slap the sword away , get up and stalk off . flash back to : the cannon fire and the laser disappear , freeing they to continue they duel . this be it . the final duel . snake - eye struggle , exhaust and wounded . Storm shadow put in every ounce of hate he have leave . he finally tear snake - eye ' sword away and kick he down . about to go for the final kill . but before we find out the climax to they fight , we must finish they story : on the arishikage temple ground , snake - eye , still 26 , walk along the pond . he hear a loud cry . snake - eye break into a run , careen around a building and see hard master slump on the ground , a sword in he back . snake -eye master ! other ninjas come flooding in . ninja # 1 that 's Storm shadow 's sword ! ninja # 2 there ! there 's the murderer ! 115 . snake - eye spin to see Storm shadow climb up the side of the Temple , onto the rood , give he a last look , and jump down over the wall . flash back to : the ENERGY shaft where snake - eye be suddenly fill with renew energy , he stare up at Storm shadow 's katana blade poise for the final kill . STORM shadow you take you vow of silence to avenge we master . but now you will die without a word . the loud noise gear up again , distracting Storm shadow for just a beat . snake - eye use the moment to catch Storm shadow with he foot , hold he up for a split second as the ENERGY lasers come back on . one of they burn deeply across Storm shadow 's neck , he scream and stumble back and fall over the edge and down into the freezing turgid water . snake - eye step up and look down to see if he surface ... he do not . snake -eye Father always fear it would come to this . explosion begin to rock the shaft now . snake - eye stumble towards the exit , leave he fall sword brother behind . int . / ext . sharc - underwater - day heavy duty see the cannon return to its dormant position . heavy duty turbo-laser be down ! he gun he engine , fire at a mantis attack craft . it explode . heavy duty howl with delight . around he , the joe begin to turn the tide of the battle . a series of shot of mantis vehicle get nail by Joe harpoon cannon . int . control room - day they feel the explosion in the control room . screen short out . Water start to cascade in through bursting rivet . breaker Energy overload in the phase array battery . power subsystem be go critical . 116 . scarlett let 's get out of here ! scarlett grab breaker by the scruff of the neck and haul he out of the room . int . trident - day mccullen 's face be horrifically burn as the Doctor help he down into the trident . explosion blow above they . the pilot guide the sub out white the Doctor start inject mccullen with nano -mite . mccullen start to scream ... int . diving bell entry port - day scarlett and breaker race into the diving bell entry port and be shocked to find snake - eye already here . scarlett run up and gently hug he . scarlett snake ! snake - eye grimace , then look scarlett in the eye . snake -eye .he 's dead . she know who he mean , she give he a grim smile . and that 's when they see Duke , carry Ana , charge up to they . another explosion make they all dash into the diving bell . the door close and we hear they launch . int . / ext . sharc - underwater - day heavy duty notice the trident escape out of the exploding docking bay into the arctic water . he angle towards the sub . heavy duty we get a runner ! cut he off ! all of a sudden , the whole damn facility explode . inside the diving bell : we heroes be rock by the blast , then they see massive chunks of polar ice plummet down from the ice pack above , cut off heavy duty and the joe , and demolishing the remainder of the facility . the trident disappear behind the trillion of bubbles and fall ice . 117 . int / ext . sharc - underwater - day shipwreck check he target scanner . shipwreck all other target neutralize . heavy duty go joe !! ext . trident - underwater - day the trident be move fast through the water somewhere . int . trident - underwater - day mccullen turn to we and we see that the nano-mite have create a form - fitting mask all over he face . he catch he reflection in the portal and he grab at the mask , the nano - mite twist with the contour of he muscle to reveal he complete and ever-last horror . he break down , fall to the floor , then he recover and look up at the Doctor . mccullen I guess I should thank you , Doctor . the Doctor be busy fiddling with he hand hold pda . the doctor I want you to call I ... Commander . ( look at mccullen ) and from now on , I will be on a first name basis with you , destro . mccullen 's silver face go blank . mccullen yes , Commander . int . viewing room - maximum security prison - day Duke watch Ana through a two - way mirror . she sit alone in a hold cell . a military scientist watch she with Duke . - scientist physically , she 's fine . but without the correctly - code kill frequency , we can not short they out . 118. duke there 's nothing you can do ? scientist only the man who put they in there have the correct code . Duke consider this carefully , stare at Ana . int . corridor - maximum security prison - day Duke walk along a prison corridor with Ana , lead by two prison guard . she carry a small bundle of prison gear . duke I will visit you . ana I will not be here long . duke you will be here for the rest of you life , Ana . she look at he , she face soften . ana Duke ? duke I be here . ana after all I have do , . you can not save I , . it 's too late . a beat pass between they . duke I will visit you . and for a moment , she appear to crack ... but then a sinister smile crease she mouth . ana you know , this have only just begin . she touch he face , then the prison bar slam shut between they . she hold he eye a moment longer , then the two prison Guards lead she away . Duke just watch she go , he face tear with pain . he walk off alone ... 119 . int . landing platform - the pit - day General Hawk be in he wheelchair , still recover from he wound . he lead Duke and ripcord to the howler . hawk with GI joe reinstate , would you boy like to stay on awhile ? duke what do you say , rip ? ripcord look at scarlett , who throw he a wink and a smile . ripcord I be good . they all laugh . rip step up to she . ripcord ( cont 'd ) so how do you feel about this ? scarlett I feel very ... emotional . Duke smile and the joe climb aboard as the platform rise . int . presidential office - white house - day a bevy of secretary and staffer greet the President . then he enter the oval office and close the door , alone , he look around , walk behind the desk , and grin as he sit , as if this be the first time he 's ever do this . with a little flair , he crack he knuckle and we realize this be Zartan ! and we smash CUT to black and roll credit ... the end