g.i. jane by David twohy first draft August 6 , 1995 fade in : int . senate hearing room - capitol bldg . - day blind in they white uniform , naval flag officer sit in the audience , show they support for theodore haye , a 50 - year - old civilian . this be he confirmation hearing . reading from prepare material : haye ... last few year have bring many advance in the interest of woman in naval service , particularly in the land - base maritime specialty . what 's more , the navy have institute special sensitivity course with a eye on -- dehaven whoa , whoa , whoa . " land -base maritime specialty . " gimme a second here to de -euphemize that ... at the center of a dais , lillian dehaven lean back to ponder the ceiling of the hearing room . her plaque card read " chairperson -- senate arm committee . " dehaven be a tough-hide old Southern belle , scarlett o'hara at 60 . in she arsenal she carry conversational hand - grenade -- and she 's apt to pull a pin at the slight whim . dehaven would that be anything like " type " ? " restocking the cupboard " ? that sort of thing , Mr. haye ? chuckle from the pack gallery . the flag officer go stone - face . haye force a smile . haye hardly the case , Senator . dehaven well , I be just a old dame without much time leave , so you will pardon I if I jump right in here before they discontinue my blood - type . I be deeply concerned over the navy 's seemingly incontrovertible attitude toward woman in the military . case in point ... on cue , aide begin distribute report to other member of the dais . haye get a copy , too . and it jar he . dehaven " the lark report . " haye madam Senator ... this be a internal document of the U.S. navy . I must seriously question whether -- dehaven ( to other on panel ) the navy 's conclusion regard the crash of a F - 14 aboard a aircraft carrier . female aviator , it just so happen . ( to haye ) you be familiar with this report and its conclusion , be I right ? haye I be one member of the investigate commission . dehaven yes , I see you signature right here -- twice the size of everyone else 's . and you conclusion be " pilot error , " hmm ? haye I be really not prepare for any kind of in - depth review of -- dehaven I would like to think we next Secretary of the navy would be prepare for anything , Mr. haye . a humorless smile . she 's roasting he nut over a open fire , and everyone know it . haye the commission conclude that the aviator in question fail to execute a proper approach to the carrier . dehaven that aside for the moment , I be strike by the tenor , the ill-spirit of you report ... the degrade remark by other aviator ... innuendo about she performance in unrelated situation ... even a reference to she sexual activity the weekend prior . ( close report ) in my seven year on this committee , I have never see a down aviator treat like this . never . I be deeply disturb by this report , Mr. haye . not just what it bode for woman in the military -- but for you own confirmation as well . int . corridor - capitol bldg . - day head for she office , dehaven be escort by a small PRESS retinue . dehaven ... a full 35 percent of all job in the U.S. military be still , to this day , off -limit to woman . and that 's simply gotta change . PRESS # 1 what about that who say woman be not suite for all job ? that they be physically weaker ... they have less stamina ... dehaven sure . and we be gonna hog the bathroom , too . dehaven' aide catch up , pull she aside . dehaven' aide White House boy want a private meeting . dehaven I will act surprised . int . dehaven' office - capitol bldg . - day shoe dumped on she desk , dehaven change out knee-high stocking while devote one ear to ... white house # 1 ... to reassure you that he have every faith in the ability of Mr. haye to guide the navy into the next century . the task , as the administration see it , be to acknowledge change reality without lose traditional value . a beat . dehaven look between the two white house boy -- # 1 young and eager , # 2 older and cagier . dehaven ' Zat it ? ten minute , nothin ' on the table ? sweetcake , you best go back to the President and tell he to open up the phone book and start lookin ' for he next nominee . White House # 1 look spanke . take over , # 2 pop a briefcase . a inch - think report appear before dehaven . white house # 2 administration 's plan for 100 percent integration . if female candidate measure up in a series of test case , the President will support full integration within three year ' time . surprise -- maybe even startle -- dehaven flip through the report , absorb by osmosis . white house # 2 it 's you gender - blind navy , Senator . surely you be not go to balk now . dehaven well , it 's just that askin ' you all to integrate the navy be like send a man to do a woman 's job . ( a beat ) how do you propose to handle the combat exclusion law ? white house # 2 keep narrowing the definition . keep redefining . white house # 1 we get around it in Saudi Arabia . dehaven by call woman " honorary Men . " ingenious . white house # 2 c'mon , Senator , President 's pitchin ' right down the center of you plate . if woman measure up to man , they have get the job . you go to take a swing ? or step out of the box ? dehaven riffle the edge of the report , think it over . think light year ahead . ext . capitol bldg . - day buttone up topcoat , the White House boy move down marble step to reach a pair of limousine . haye and two flag officer wait . haye well ? white house # 2 ( shaking hand ) congratulation , Mr. Secretary . int . haye ' limousine - day Inside the move car : haye so she pick the woman , we pick the program . seal ? flag officer # 1 I would go special reconnaissance . every bit as tough -- and we have a 60 percent drop - out rate among the man . haye then I suggest we start there . flag officer # 1 do not matter who she pick . no woman be go to last one week in a commando training course . and I do not care who it be . ext . potomac river - WASHINGTON D.C. - day winterscape : dotte with ice floe , the potomac wend through the capitol city , bank iridescent with snow , morning water calm . there 's a almost hallow beauty to it all . soon we pick out ... a spot of day - glo . come out of the mouth of morning . overtake the floe . closer on jordan o'neil . she push she flat - water kayak downriver , paddle hard and clean , make good time . gliding through the graceful arch of the Arlington bridge , she pass ... Cars overhead . grid-lock by snow condition . in second Jordan paddle clear , leave the traffic behind as she head toward the Washington monument . something burr from a life-vest pocket . she rip through velcro to free a cell phone . jordan Lieutenant o'neil . royce ( v.o. ) gotta situation here . where be you ? stuck in traffic ? jordan ( check dive watch ) not due in for 22 minute , sir . watcha get ? int . situation room - n.i.c . - day royce all right , stand by , we be go to switch over to comsat ... a tactical officer reroute the call via defense satellite , cryptography flash on terminal . Lieutenant Commander ROBERT royce join other Intel officer at a conference table . they be pour over weather chart , navigation log , high - altitude nro video . tactical officer voice-system now secure ... royce ( into speaker ) okay , fresh stuff : lose a NATO plane over the Sea of Japan . elb signal lead we to believe the pilot be alive and have make he way to the North Korean shore , near a fishing village , " tamyung . " jordan ( v.o. ) do we know it 's he use the beacon ? not a decoy ? royce signal receive only sparingly , in such a pattern that lead we to conclude it be a down aviator try to conserve he battery . jordan ( v.o. ) chance of recovery ? royce you be the analyst for East China , o'neil . analyze . ext . potomac river - WASHINGTON D.C. - day Riding the current , Jordan blow a troubled sigh as she access the file of she brain . drifting past the jefferson Memorial : jordan North Korean beach be the best protect , most heavily monitor in the world . the civilian population be so propagandize that it act as a early warning system . extraction team have to be small and silent -- I would go with seal over Delta Force . Problem be , do not want to hold a conventional sub off - shore for target practice . where 's the Polk ? intercutting : royce halfway ' round the world . so that 's the problem -- we can get the team in , just not out . jordan ( a inspire beat ) unless you whiskey run . royce blank face here , o'neil . jordan Quick -hit technique use by capone . rigged a getaway car with run board and handle . all he guy have to do be jump on and take a ride . check the file -- DPRK - 57 -- I doped it out as a contingency plan : seal team infiltrate , pick up the package , link up with recovery sub . but do not waste time open and close hatches . they just grab the periscope and hang on for neutral water . a dubious beat . royce you expect the extraction team to ride the sub bare - back ? be that correct , o'neil ? jordan only four minute to neutral water , sir . why not ? silence on the radio : they be discuss she scenario privately . during , Jordan 's kayak reach the junction of the potomac and the anacostia river . on the far bank lie ... Naval Intel Center ( n.i.c. ) , bristle with communication antennae . Jordan stare at the complex , wait for a response . royce all right , send the recommendation across the river . royce out . the phone go dead . jordan no , thank you , sir . ext . security station - n.i.c . - day bundle in topcoat and scarve , military and civilian employee transit a security station on they way inside . presently Jordan appear -- wear a wetsuit and balance a collapse kayak on she head . she flash a photo- badge and double-time inside . int . corridor - n.i.c . - day Jordan exit a locker room . smooth out she khaki uniform , she head down a broad corridor with cipher - lock door . falling in step : royce that be good headwork , lieutenant . jordan thank you , sir . we hear back from the Pentagon ? royce ( scoffing ) probably hear back from CNN first . jordan hate this part . just sweat it out on the sideline . royce Intel have its own glory , lieutenant -- no matter how subtle . now they reach ... int . bullpen - n.i.c . - day a circular chamber . dominate the ground floor be the bullpen , a hive of cubicle a computer station . on the second floor be executive office , ringing the bullpen . royce by the way , I will need that option paper by 11 - hundred today so I can review it with Admiral hanover . and do we have any of that breakfast tea around here ? jordan ( with a look ) be this my glory , sir ? on the upper walkway , a frazzle n.i.c. secretary appear . she spot royce and Jordan below . n.i.c. secretary Excuse I , but I have Senator dehaven on the line for you . royce Jesus God , what now ? he bound up the stair toward he office . n.i.c. secretary I be sorry , sir no -- she ask to speak with Lieutenant o'neil . royce turn back and give Jordan a hall - of - fame look . " oh , really ? " int . dehaven' office - capitol bldg . - day dehaven ( into phone ) so everyone I talk to say you be top drawer with silk stocking inside . jordan ( v.o. ) thank you , mar 'am . um , may I ask what this be regard ? dehaven ( read file ) High -school pentathlete ... rotc scholarship , graduate with honors ... top mark in Basic train ... and , as it just so happen , a constituent of my home state of Virginia . oh , the thing I will do for one extra vote . int . bullpen - n.i.c . - day on the phone , Jordan glance around . co - worker mull within earshot . that out of earshot post e-mail memo on Jordan 's computer : " move up in life . " " I want a full report . " " do not tell she who you really vote for . " dehaven Lieutenant o'neil , I be prepare to nominate you for the navy 's special reconnaissance program . should you accept , you will ship out to coronado next week and join in the big testosterone festival . complete the course , and you will have a fast ticket to any assignment you want . that 's my personal promise to you . a beat as Jordan 's mind catch up to she ear . now interrcutting the two : jordan " coronado . " dehaven California . jordan I know that , sir . ma'am . it 's just that ... beggin ' you pardon , Senator , but ... do you understand that this involve combat training ? dehaven this be just a test case , o'neil . but if it work out -- if you work out -- it could well change the navy 's official policy on woman in combat . or , actually , its official non-policy . now who 's you immediate superior there ? jordan Captain dwyer . technically . dehaven my office will fill he in and help expedite . look forward to meeting you at the proper time . jumping off now ... jordan uh , question , mar 'am . dehaven yes , dear . jordan would I be the only one ? the only woman ? dehaven there will be more to follow -- but yes , dear , right now you be the pick of a very large litter . and you success would mean a lot . jumping , now ... the line go dead . Jordan hang up catatonically . jordan well , shit -a-doodle -do ... ext . gunkhole harbor - potomac - night a small gunkhole harbor up the potomac . snow fall thick and silent on overturn canoe , store for the winter . Beyond stand a clapboard rental house . int . jordan be house - night it 's not so much furnish as equip -- scuba gear and wetsuit in the mud room , life vest on coat rack , a training bag and box glove hang in the live room . in the kitchen we find ... a naked man . he 's steeping tea . jordan ( o.s. ) ... well , I survive Basic train and three brother -- so I know how to fight . what scare I be the sexual politics . I do not want to be turn into some poster girl for woman 's rights . camera follows as the naked man carry a steaming mug through the house ... int . bathroom - jordan' house - night ... and set it down beside Jordan , languish in a tub . snow build on a window sill . facing Jordan , the man slide into the tub . royce so why're you even consider it ? be you ? jordan just like you would be . royce spec-recon . that guy be world - class warrior . and they will not want you there , Jordan . jordan I take it you do not either . foot . dutifully , royce massage she foot . royce well , you be doin ' shit - hot at Intel . jordan royce . we be the same age , we start the same time -- and now you be sit in the upperdeck while I be still down in the bullpen . what do that tell you about the navy ? royce ( shaking head ) she 's haze grey and underway ... jordan you need operational duty to really advance ... you need combat training to go operational ... yet combat training be off-limit to people with tit . I be top out at Intel . forget the glass ceiling -- I be beat my head on a big brass ceiling . royce so dump on I . jordan this have nothing to do with you . royce ( get out ) well , guess I do not even need to be here ... jordan get you dick back here . it have everything to do with you . royce you be such a ball - breaker sometimes . especially at night . jordan sorry . but after we day ... ( a thoughtful sip ) so if I try this thing ... if I ship out to coronado ... what happen here ? royce I will try to keep the door open . if you wash out , I make it so that -- jordan wai ' , wait . what happen if it work ? four month of training , three year of operational duty . what then ? royce ( blow a sigh ) I do not feel like do a option paper on the rest of my life , Jordan . maybe we should just let it happen . jordan which be guy-speak for ... royce ( concede ) sounded lame as soon as it come out of my mouth . but I be try to be honest , okay ? Three year be a long time . do not ask I to predict how I will feel then , Jordan , because I do not know . and either do you . jordan you know , right up until you say that -- I think I do know . wound , she get out . royce Jordan ... jordan thank you , royce . it be shaping up like such a tough call -- and then you go and make it so goddamn easy . really , thank you so much . she punch into a robe and leave . royce consider drown himself in the tub . ext . coronado bridge - san diego - day Jordan drive a top-down mustang across the sweeping coronado Bridge , cityscape behind she , naval base ahead . a flock of pelican pace Jordan alongside the bridge . suddenly two navy helo blast overhead , scatter the pelican . ext . the grinder - coronado naval base - day on base , Jordan carry a gunnysack across a asphalt courtyard . the be " the grinder , " reminiscent of a gladiator 's arena . she notice at one end ... a silver ship 's bell . hung prominently . int . administration - coronado naval base - day jordan Excuse I , lieutenant . I be tell this be where I check in . a duty officer look up to find Jordan across a counter . in no particular hurry , the duty officer make he way over to check Jordan 's order . duty officer ( look up ) so you be the one . hear , other worker look up . among they be a female ensign , kathy blondell -- no makeup , no nail polish , no concession to she sex . throughout , she will watch Jordan with more than pass interest . jordan still do not have my bearing yet . direct I to the officer 's quarter ? the duty officer stamp she paperwork , return it with room assignment and key . duty officer you will proceed directly to the infirmary for eye test , blood test , urinalysis , pregnancy test . uniform issue adjacent . then you be to report to the base Commander . he would like a word with you . jordan Fine . and the officer 's quarter ? duty officer c.o. 's office can supply you with direction . enjoy you visit , lieutenant . it 's a nasty little barb -- one that Jordan decide to let slide . Jordan turn for the door . blondell catch up with a base map . blondell b.o.q. , south side . take a starboard tack out the door . jordan thank you , ensign . blondell no problem , lieutenant . int . c.o. be office - coronado naval base - day a soft knocking . c.o. come . a yeoman open the door . behind he be Jordan . yeoman Lieutenant j.g. o'neil report , sir . for a beat , commanding officer ( c.o. ) turrentine take stock of the female in he doorway , size she up like a fighter across the ring . then he stub out a perfectly good cigar , rise with a amiable face , and touch the back of a chair -- stop just short of pull it out for she . c.o . yes , of course . please , have a seat , lieutenant ... jordan thank you , sir . c.o. would you care for a beverage ? tea ? jordan I be fine , sir . c.o. so . we be still come to term with the exact protocol for this -- for integrate the spec-recon training . it may not always be smooth , but we be try to make it as painless as possible for you . jordan thank you , sir . but I expect a certain amount of pain . more stock -taking . be he look at she hair ? jordan barber be my next stop , sir . would have have it regulation sooner , only -- c.o . do not worry about it . if it 's off you collar and out of you eye , that 's all I be go to ask . jordan really , I have no problem with -- c.o. I be not out to change you sex , lieutenant . you will have separate bed , separate head . if you have specific medical need , inform the infirmary . if a classmate or superior act in a harass or otherwise unbecome manner , please inform I immediately so I can deal with it immediately . question ? jordan none at this time , sir . c.o . then that 's all I have to say . dismiss . another smile , another phantom gesture on the back of she chair . if Jordan be expect a fight , the bell never sound . she rise , salute -- then turn back at the door . jordan Sir , I just want you to know ... I be not here to make a statement . I do not want to make man look foolish . all I care about be complete the training and get operational experience -- just like everyone else , I suspect . c.o . if you be like everyone else , lieutenant , I suspect we would not be make statement about not make statement , would we ? ( a beat ) take you leave . ext . b.o.q . - coronado naval base - day the spec-recon trainees loiter outside they open room , pump weight , hose down dive gear , trading walkman tape . this be the last day of liberty they will have for a long time . miller what be I scannin ' here ? other eye quickly lock in on ... Jordan . across a grass courtyard , she walk the ground floor of a identical building , try to match key number to room number . every door be open , every room empty . soon she feel the presence of ... the man . they be disgorge from they room -- ten , twenty , thirty of they -- all buff and cut . this guy be what Hitler see in he dream . Jordan pick up she pace . where the hell be she room ? on all three level of they building , the man shadow Jordan en masse . not hoot . not leer . just assess . Jordan find she room at the far corner of the building : she 's get the entire floor to herself . with a last look over she shoulder , Jordan vanish inside . ext . the grinder - coronado naval base - day c.o. special reconnaissance . here you will be train to infiltrate hostile territory ... to be the real - time eye on the ground ... to recover assign target and , if need be , to fight you way out under adverse condition . camera survey face of the trainee : miller , mccool , slutnik , cortez , flea , stamm , england , newberry , wickwire . we will get to know they later . dress in navy green , they stand in formation -- ten row , ten deep , helmet in hand . pace before they : c.o . that be all that will be say about the special nature of this class -- by we or by you . many of you have wait year for admission to this program . opportunity like this be rare -- and that who seize upon they be rarer still . he approach Jordan . we can tell what she 's think . " just keep move . do not single I out . " c.o. other than that , there be little to be say but " good luck , gentleman . " ( correct ) " gentleperson . " Jordan flinch . c.o. now I turn you over to the chief training officer . he have earn six naval commendation , the purple heart , and the navy Cross for heroism and valor . I give you master Chief John James urgayle . take over , the chief stand before the class a moment , size they up while give they -- get a eyeload of he , too : his body be 30 year old , he face 40 , he eye 50 . a ageless warrior . somewhere , the blood of Ulysses run in this guy 's vein . the Chief lift a bullhorn to deliver he open salvo -- and it 's anything but the kick - ass rant the class be expect : the chief the sun and moon ... the ebb and flow of the Pacific tide ... global warming ... the very angle of the Earth upon its axis ... this be just some of the thing I control in my world . trainees swap private look . mccool we be fuck . slutnik darth vader read poetry ... mccool we be so fuck . ext . beach - coronado naval station - day start on boot , crash through shallow surf , spraying water . we assume this be a routine beach run -- until view rise to reveal ... telephone pole on they shoulder . work in group of 10 , trainee labor under 300 - pound pole . Jordan , six inch short than most , look like atlas carry the weight of the world . but she 's do it . instructor Count down ... one , two ... count down ... three , four ... CLASS cadence one , two , three , four ... one , two , three , four ... a ambulance shadow the class . perched on the front bumper like a hood-ornament , the Chief keep work he bullhorn : the chief you may think that you be the brightest , the best , the strongest . I assure you , that be a total delusion on you part . it be my job to show you just how weak human being can truly be . 60 percent of you will not finish this course . how do I know ? because that be a historical fact . it 's also intimidating shit . the chief pole down . the earth literally shake as the phone pole hit the damp sand . approach on foot , the Chief load fresh battery into he bullhorn . he do it like a man thumbing round into a shotgun . the chief now for the bad new : I always like to get one quitter on the first day . and until I do , the first day do not end . so look around right now -- go on , do it . I wonder who it 's gonna be ... he pass right by Jordan , never meeting she eye . instructor pyro step up . he 's the Chief 's bulldog . instructor pyro down to bvd ! the guy strip down to boxer . Jordan settles for boxer and jog bra . instructor pyro now face the Pacific ... link arm ... and take a stroll ! the class wade in . the first wave take Jordan 's breath away : it 's February , and the water be cold . when they move out of instructor ' earshot : stamm what be it with the damn phone pole ? we sign up for spec-recon or gte ? wickwire just try to thin the herd . that 's all they want to do right now . some of the guy be glance Jordan 's way , cash in on a cheap wet T-shirt contest . Jordan cover herself instinctively -- and hate the instinct . modesty be not go to get she through this . slutnik man . do not she know it 's rude to point ? newberry wow . you see that girl ? wickwire I get eye , newberry . slutnik one night . just one night in my room , she would forget all about playin ' commando . england tone that shit down , slutnik . you hear with they say . instructor pyro out of the water ! the class break for the beach . the chief now make like sugar cookie and roll in the sand for I . the trainee hit they belly and roll . indeed , they look like sugar cookie . the chief collect that pole , gentleman . still a lotta beachfront you have not see ... groaning , the trainee grab pole . Jordan 's pole , wet slip from they collective grasp ... and bang stamm 's ankle . he howl through he tooth . england how bad ? stamm ? jordan we better get a medic over -- stamm no , goddamnit . no. instructor up! up! up! up! stamm swallow the pain . pole go back on shoulder . look like drunk centipede , the class stagger off down the beach . ext . mud pit - coronado naval base - day wallow in mud , the class do belly - buster , atomic sit-up -- and the sadistic reverse push - up , where trainee lie of they back , place hand under shoulder blade and push they crotch skyward . the chief pain be you friend . you ally . it will keep you awake in time of emergency ... it will tell you when you be seriously injure ... it will keep you angry and remind you to finish the job and get the hell home . but you know the best thing about pain ? CLASS no , sir ! the chief it let you know that you be not dead yet . instructor roam , rasping order , kick student into proper position . Jordan struggle with the reverse . instructor pyro go regulation if you can not do the reverse , o'neil . she look around . a lot of the guy be have trouble with the reverse , not just she . jordan thank you , sir . but I like this just fine . instructor pyro not doin ' they very fine , o'neil . jordan I will try anyway , sir . instructor pyro you will try what we tell you to try , o'neil . go regulation . she switch to standard push-up , she face disappear into the ooze with every downstroke . soon the Chief 's boot slosh into frame . he 's still look for he human sacrifice . the chief who 's it gonna be . I just wonder , who be it gonna be ... ext . beach - coronado naval station - sunset instructor johns on you belly ... on you back ... on you foot ... on you belly ... on you back ... on you foot ... whistle-drills . silhouett against a lowering sun , the student flop around like dock fish . int . administration - coronado naval base - night blondell be end she shift . she shoulder a purse and pause at a window , see ... the trainee shuffle into formation like the live dead . Jordan be still among they . ext . the grinder - coronado naval base - night the chief you have notice a ship 's bell hang at the west side of this courtyard . if , at any time , you feel you cannot continue with you training -- that bell be you salvation . Strike it three time , and the ordeal be over . nervous eye flick to the bell . the chief yes , it be a long walk . so I will make it as easy as I can . he turn he back to the class . the chief now you do not have to watch I watch you break rank . because I know someone here want to do it . camera search they face . there be not one trainee here who have not think about it . include Jordan . the chief now I know what you be think ... slutnik ( low ) I be thinkin ' we could jump he right now ... the chief " can I really take 15 week of this bubonic asshole ? " if you do not know the answer to that question , the answer be " no , you cannot . " and that be another historical fact . so do it . admit you do not have what it take ... admit you be out of you depth -- or we be all head back to the beach right now . ( wait a beat ) instructor ! time hack ! follow the Chief 's lead , instructor lift they dive watch . the chief six ... five ... four ... three ... two ... one ... hack ! ( to class ) the time be now 12 - hundred . the sun be shine brightly . plenty of daylight leave for another phone - pole run ... groans behind he . the groan give way to the SOUND of boot break rank . int . administration - coronado naval base - night blondell's Pov : of a lone figure crossing to the bell . ext . grinder - coronado naval base - night quick closeup of Miller , slutnik , wickwire , turn to watch someone cross the grinder . at least we know who it be not . close on the Chief as the bell ring three time . he turn around to find ... stamm at the bell . for the first time , the Chief look dead - bang at Jordan . be he expect she ? the chief leave you helmet there , stamm . back to the barrack . stamm drop he helmet and limp away . the chief the rest of you should remember one thing . the only easy day be today . Lieutenant wickwire ? turn it over to you . wickwire cuh-lass , face right ! they march off . int . mess hall - coronado naval base - night dead-ass tired , Jordan slide she tray down the line , pile on food that mean nothing more than raw calory . she head for ... a table of trainee , one spot open . see she come , the guy shift position . suddenly the table be full . england better look elsewhere , o'neil . Jordan glare . none of they meet she eye . she wheel around -- and now all eye be on she , watch she ass walk away . feature slutnik , the walk sperm bank . slutnik half a night , Lord , just gimme half a night to set she straight ... Jordan try another table . this one , too , become abruptly full . as Jordan leave , hold on Miller . he 's a human eclipse -- six - three , 220 , the perfect commando physique . instructor wish they could clone he . miller average woman be 25 percent body fat . that 's one - quarter fat , man . think about that . mccool Nice distribution , though . miller no way do she make this program . no way . after wander the mess hall like a homeless person , Jordan find refuge at a table with female mess steward . they look at she with blank face . no understanding . no compassion . ext . b.o.q . - coronado naval base - night Jordan walk in a bathrobe , toweling she hair dry . she fish for key at she door . voice it 's not so much that they hate you ... Jordan look . someone be sit on a outdoor table , smoking . he lean into the light so she can see he face . it 's wickwire , the mid-30s lieutenant who double as class officer . he 's dangerously handsome . wickwire they be more afraid of you . jordan well , now I feel so much better . wickwire it be make clear before you come -- harassment equal career suicide . can not say anything good , so they do not say much at all . to you face , anyway . jordan whose order be that ? wickwire it be make clear . ( get up ) anyway , stay ballsy . first week 's hell , then it level out . until s.e.r.e. training , anyway . that 's hell - and -a-half . jordan and how do you know that ? wickwire make it to week 10 last time . jordan I do not know they let you try again . especially at you age . wickwire you be kind of a surprise yourself . a faint grin from wickwire before he shadow back across the courtyard that separate the two b.o.q. building . back across no - man 's land . int . jordan be b.o.q . - coronado naval base - night two bed . match locker . a desk , a chair , a mirror . all overwhelmingly dull . Jordan drop the robe off she shoulder to take inventory of she body . both side of she neck be bruise from the phone - pole run . her back and thigh be sand -burn . Mirror cut abound . she 's already a mess . Jordan uncap some cologne . it 's a vestige of she old life she 's not go to surrender . she sniff . savor . dab . look back in the mirror ... and break out laugh . it 's like drop a rise in a cesspool . ext . silver strand highway - coronado - day a photographer stand near a car park just outside the base . he 's peer through a 600 mm lens . photographer' Pov : focus through cyclone fencing ... panning past the sand dune ... and find green-clad trainee gather at a obstacle course . ext . obstacle course - coronado naval base - day a explosion of sand : England and wickwire belly - flop into a sand pit and speed - crawl under barb wire . clear , they gain they foot and blitz toward ... the roll log . they balance - beam they way to ... the rope climb . Racing to the top , they reach a platform and fling themselves down onto ... the high pole . they land awkwardly , lose they wind and they grip , tumble into the sand pit below before ... Racing for the finish . the Chief thumb a stopwatch . the chief England , 88 second . you be good to go for the slide- for-life . wickwire , roll back till you get south of 90 . wickwire fuck . yes sir . instructor pyro who would you kiss to get back in here , anyway ? wickwire dust off and start back for ... the start line . stepping up next be cortez , the human fight cock . Jordan line up beside he and psyches up for the first obstacle -- and eight - foot sheer wall . instructor johns hang on , here ... he grab something off a truck and position it at the base of the wall . it 's a little two -step platform . snicker , moan from the guy . cortez can barely contain he disgust . cortez aw , what be this ... jordan ( mortify ) Sir ... instructor johns do not have to use it , o'neil , but it 's gotta go out . ( call out ) five ... four ... three ... jordan I can make this wall without -- instructor johns ... two ... one ... MARK ! cortez blur away . Jordan start a step late . cortez take the wall clean . eschew the two-step , Jordan jump right over it -- but jump too far out because of it . she take the wall awkwardly . intercut the other as they break rank to follow , eager to see cortez blow she off the course . CLASS lesgo , cortez , lesgo , go , go ! cortez belly - flop into the sand pit -- and snag go under the barb wire . cortez shit of a saint ... catch up , Jordan clear the wire without a hitch and lead go into ... the roll log . they both tight - rope across nimbly and bound on toward ... rope climb . Jordan start up at a decent clip -- but cortez come from behind like a chimp on white sugar , double she speed . CLASS take she , take she here , cortez ... lookit that monkey - man go ... hoo - yah , hoo -yah ... cortez reach the top platform . now he 's face with ... the high pole . he 's see other land sideways and pay the price . try another way , cortez take a fly leap ... and whump down with leg astraddle . he try to cushion the landing with he hand -- and fail magnificently . his ball take the brunt . Jordan whump down beside he with leg astraddle -- and shoot cortez a " hey , no problem " look . she roll off the pole ... and drop to the pit below . cortez land right behind . now it 's a flat - out sprint for ... the finish line . he take she at the tape . the chief cortez , 93 second . o'neil , 94 . cortez , do a little rescue- recovery on you gonad and line up again . o'neil ... move ahead . head back to the start line , Jordan wheel around . jordan say again , sir ? the chief you hear I . move on . cortez aw , this be such bullshit ... other grumble in commiseration . Jordan flush with anger . jordan Chief , sir , I do not understand why -- the chief educate she , pyro . instructor pyro Automatic five - second deduction , which slip you under the wire . it 's call " gender -norm , " o'neil -- standard procedure for all female in physical training course . where you be the last few year ? jordan what " all female " ? if I be the only -- the chief twice now , I have say the word " move on . " he turn he back , leave no possibility of discussion . Jordan stare after . slutnik can not live with they , can not kill they . what 's the point ? mccool somebody throw a tent over this circus . wickwire ( low to Jordan ) just let it go . if it 's in you favor , just shut the hell up and take it . ext . b.o.q . - coronado naval base - night dress in bathrobe , Jordan reach she door . she pause to check ... the outdoor table . no visitor tonight . int . jordan be b.o.q . - coronado naval base - night Jordan push inside -- and stop when she see the little two -step platform . that awful crutch . someone have put it beside she bed . Jordan wheel around to check ... ext . b.o.q . - coronado naval base - night the man ' building . slutnik and a few other loiter on a balcony , mirrore she stare . ext . coronado naval base - night hastily dress , Jordan march across the base . her march turn into a angry run as she cut through parking lot ... jump hedge ... and finally reach ... ext . c.o. be house - coronado naval base - night a on - base bungalow . Jordan bang on the front door until the c.o. be scowling face appear . jordan pardon the hour , sir . but you tell I to come to you immediately if I feel I be be mistreate in any way . c.o. do not take long . he wave she inside . int . c.o. be house - coronado naval base - night c.o . all right , lieutenant , give I a name and specifics , I will have the x.o. file a action first thing in the morning . ( wait ) a name ? jordan it 's you , sir . and it start the day I come here . c.o. ( jolted ) oh , really . jordan it 's this double-standard , the separate quarter , the deferential treatment . it 's how you pull out my chair and nearly serve high tea the first time we meet . c.o. because I be civil , now you be complain . jordan I can not afford civility , sir . how be I suppose to fit in with this guy when you have get I set up as a outsider ? even if I make it under this rule , I still lose , because there will always be a flag in my file -- " yeah , she make it , but ... " I mean , really -- why do not you just issue I a goddamn petticoat to wear around the base ? c.o. do you just have a brain -fart ? jordan pardon ? c.o. do you just barge in here and curse at you base commander ? if so , I regard that as a bonafide brain - fart , and I resent it when people fart inside my home . jordan I think you have resent I from the start , sir . now , finally , she opponent step into the ring . and he 's a bare - knuckle brawler . c.o. ( building ) what I resent , lieutenant , be some politician use my base as a test tube for she grand social experiment . what I resent be the sensitivity training that be now mandatory for my man ... the day - care center I have to build where a officer 's lounge use to be ... and the ob / gyn I have to keep on staff just so someone can keep track of you personal pap smear . ( draw close ) but most of all , lieutenant , I resent you perfume , however subtle it may be , compete with the aroma of my fine three - dollar- and - fifty - nine cent cigar , which I will happily put out this very instant if the phallic nature of it happen to offend you goddamn fragile sensibility . doe it ? jordan no , sir . c.o. no , sir , what ? jordan the shape do not bother I . it 's just that goddamn rotten stench . a dangerous beat -- before the c.o. disengage . c.o. well . ' least now we be talk the same language . ( a beat ) so one standard . be that what you be after ? jordan same rule for everyone , sir . c.o. straight up ? jordan across the board , sir . c.o . and if you just happen to wash out , I will not have to contend with you bitchin ' to some hairy - chest female Senator ? and please note I do not identify any one in particular . jordan would not dream of it , sir . a decide beat . c.o . then good night . jordan so I will get a fair shot ? c.o. you will get everything you want , o'neil . let 's see if you want what you be gonna get . int . barber shop - coronado naval base - day Jordan get she hair cut to regulation length . it 's over in second . int . administration - coronado naval base - day Jordan slap down old room key and new order . blondell scan the paperwork with deepen concern . blondell this some kind of joke ? int . jordan be b.o.q . - coronado naval base - day Jordan toss she belonging into a laundry bag . she sling the bag over she shoulder , boot aside the hate two -step on she way out ... ext . b.o.q. build - coronado naval base - day ... march across the no-man 's land ... int . b.o.q. room - coronado naval base - day ... and bang open a door . slutnik sit up on he bed . slutnik well , who the shit you think you be ? comin ' in here like that ? jordan you new roommate . slutnik 's face curdle . Jordan dump she bag on a open bunk and start unpack . jordan anybody usin ' this drawer here ? slutnik hey , hey , hey . no possibility . you can not stay in here . you can not sleep right next to I . jordan funny , the c.o. say I can . she slap order on he chest , continue to unpack . slutnik aw , lookit this , lookit this -- she 's bringin ' tampax in here . c'mon , you get nothin ' but room over there . jordan that you desk ? I will take this one . slutnik would you just get outta here ? jordan ( whirling on he ) listen , sex ape . I be here to stay . and if you do not want I for a roommate or classmate , you get two option -- move out or ring out . end of file . slutnik stalk out . Jordan fire a look at the innocent bystander here , mccool . he be study at he desk when the firework begin . jordan what about you , mccool ? any problem with the room assignment ? mccool -- a imperturbable black lieutenant -- just go back to he manual . mccool " it 's not a job -- it 's a adventure . " ext . ocean - coronado naval base - night start on flare ignite overhead . follow the flare as they parachute down into the surf to illuminate ... the class , stand in one long line , arm link . as black wave knock out they leg , we be remind of show girl kick they way through some macabre review . ext . beach - coronado naval base - night firing flare gun and work they bullhorn : instructor pyro 58 degree this morning ! that 's not a bad water temp , really -- if you be stand where we be ! instructor johns slur speech , lack of proper motor control , short - term amnesia -- all early sign of hypothermia ! Advanced hypothermia be easy to detect in a classmate ! he will look like he 's dead ! the chief body heat . in situation of extreme cold , you can always count on body heat to keep you alive -- and I do not mean you own . we will break you of the cultural barrier that dictate you should not invade another man 's space . be any of you in a situation of extreme cold right now ? intercutting trainee and instructor : CLASS yes , sir ! the chief then why be not you all over the man next to you ? the class pivot 90 degree and start to close rank . behind Jordan , Montgomery ( a.k.a. " flea " ) hesitates : he 's a bantam - weight from Georgia , he manners breed into the bone . he just can not find a delicate way to grab Jordan without mount she . jordan just do it , okay ? instructor johns if you can not feel the other guy 's pecker , you be not in tight enough ! I want nut to butt ! jordan come on , Montgomery ... instructor johns flea ! o'neil ! why be there a break in that line ? finally Jordan grab flea by the neck , push he ahead and mount he . the class close down into a long human snake . jordan ( in he ear ) Montgomery , why do they call you " flea " ? flea it 's really " f. Lee Montgomery " -- but that get whittle down to just " flea . " for short , mar 'am . jordan so it really have nothing to do with actual brain size ? flea no , mar 'am . jordan well , flea , I appreciate the respect you just show I . but I do not need it and do not want it -- not that kind of respect , anyway . it 's just gonna hurt we both , okay ? flea I will work on it , mar 'am . jordan do that . instructor pyro ( to the Chief ) time . the chief check you watch , pyro . seem fast . camera poll the grim , blue-lipped face in the water . Jordan feel flea start to shake . badly . jordan hey . you okay , flea ? flea ' S not I . it 's he . two body ahead , it 's the big bruiser , Miller , who 's shudder . Jordan feel he shaking through flea . miller Jesus , my hand ... they be not workin ' right ... newberry how long i'zis for ? wickwire ' spose to be 20 - minute interval , no more . newberry swear each time 's gettin ' longer . mccool this where you bail last time , wick ? wickwire huh-uh -- but be not middla February last time , either . flea how you doin ' , Miller ? Miller ? no answer . bad sign . on shore : instructor pyro 22 minute ... ignoring , the Chief lift he bullhorn : the chief remember , all this be completely voluntary . for any of you who do not want to continue , instructor johns be now serve coffee and danish at the ambulance . a portable light come on . indeed , a instructor be set up coffee service . the chief any taker ? slutnik he 's the fuckin' Antichrist . mccool wick ! they really get donut over there ? or just some 'a last night 's dinner roll ? flea look like donut to I ... jordan ( in disbelief ) what be you guy do ? huh ? mccool just askin ' jordan what , you gonna give it all up for a maple twist ? how dumb you gotta be ? that 's exactly what they -- suddenly the line rip apart . it 's Miller , break for shore . CLASS no ! soon the dyke be burst everywhere : four other break rank , follow Miller 's lead . the deserter stagger onto the beach . medic close in quick , drape they with blanket , shine flashlight in they face , ask brain - check question . medic tell I what day this be ... look at I now ... what city be you from , sailor ... here , look right here ... a medic nod to the Chief . no hypothermia . not yet . the chief you want another minute to think about this ? huh ? ( no response ; to Miller directly ) do any of you want to reconsider ? avoid he eye , Miller wag he head . the chief Johnson . get them out of my scan . it 's a death sentence . as the quitter slouch for the coffee truck ... instructor pyro by my watch ... which , of course appear to be break ... they have be in 27 minute without the benefit of protective gear . tight on the Chief . scan the remain trainee . think about hold out out for one more . tight on Jordan . know who he 's wait for . wonder if she can outlast he . the chief ( into bullhorn ) everybody out . with a shivering cheer , the trainee stampede ashore , grab blanket , trading body - bump and high -five . Jordan get sweep up in the esprit : they have conquer a common enemy . but when she try to get high -five ... the guy turn they back . it 's a cold rebuff , worse then any water . hold tight on Jordan . shiver . watch the guy drift away . hating they . wickwire hey . Way to gut it out . jordan thanks , wick . int . instructor's office - coronado naval base - day the instructor be shuffle muster list , reorganize the class . b.g. , the bell toll again and again . instructor pyro ( shaking head ) Miller . think the guy be make of deplete uranium . really do not expect to lose he . the chief every class have its surprise , pyro . this one will be no different . ext . grinder - coronado naval base - day blondell cross the grinder with another female ensign , tall and strike . pass the bell , blondell check on ... the helmet line up beneath . a dozen already . a o.s. cadence call -- then , lead by wickwire , trainee double - time into the grinder , uniform drench from a beach run . among they , still , be Jordan . it bring a mona Lisa smile to blondell 's face . instructor pyro Change that clothes , be back here in six minute ! and I be timing you ! the class scatter . slutnik hit the brake when he see blondell and she friend . slutnik Jesus Christ . and I only get three minute apiece ... england ( jerk he away ) barkin ' up the wrong dress , slutnik . you be not they type . overhear , Jordan snap a look at blondell , only now realize . they eye meet . instructor pyro o'neil ! what be you gawk at ? int . c.o. be office - coronado naval base - day p.r. flak ( read newspaper ) " ... last week at coronado . the woman , identity unknown , be believe to be the first female candidate for the elite special reconnaissance program . her presence could signal a shift in the navy 's long - stand policy that exclude woman from combat position . " the p.r. flak drop the newspaper on the c.o. 's desk . it 's the San Diego tribune . under the headline " g.i. jane , " a photo show a chesty sailor run the obstacle course . c.o. ( call o.s. ) I be ask again . where be she ? yeoman inbound now , sir . have to pull she out of the dive bell . p.r. flak I have interview request from two local tv station . and a sociologist from U.C. San Diego call , want to know if she could examine the interaction between " g.i. Jane " and the man . c.o . " a sociol ... " kill the interview . I do not need civilian nosin ' around in matter that be suppose to be covert in nature . just kill them before this whole thing get outta con -- yeoman Senator dehaven call , sir . the c.o. get a instant headache . int . senate barber shop - capitol bldg . - day c.o. ( v.o. ) base Commander turrentine speak . in the Senate barber shop , dehaven be have she hair color . she hold a fax of the tribune article in one hand , a cell phone in the other . dehaven ( hit like a scud ) Commander , be you of the habit of let photographer traipse around you base snappin ' they fill ? this be suppose to have be discreet test case -- interrcutting : c.o. Senator , they stand out on the public highway with telephoto lense -- dehaven -- and now I get reporter from toadsquat , Iowa , call my office and askin ' what I know about this " g.i. Jane " thing . c.o. -- nothing I can do about it unless you be suggest I infringe on they civil liberty -- which I would happily do if you will just trim a little fat off the constitution . dehaven be you truly mouthin ' off to a senior member of the Senate arm Committee ? I mean , I will give you point for style -- just nothin ' for smart . int . c.o. be office - coronado naval base - day the c.o. double -take as Jordan enter : she 's sun - burn , wind - burn , sand - burn , chap and chaff , bloody and soggy . her dive suit leak onto the floor . jordan see I , sir ? c.o . you makin ' friend with the press , lieutenant ? he toss she the paper . Jordan scan the article as dehaven continue over speakerphone : dehaven well , seein 's how this thing be out , you let I handle the r.p.m . from this point forward , I want all press matter coordinate via my office . I will be god -damn if I be gonna watch haye pull flower out of he ass and take credit for this one . him or the President . ( aside to beautician ) this my shade ? " Midnight mahogany " ? ' cuz I be comin ' dangerously close to lookin ' like Ronald Reagan here . c.o. you prerogative , Senator . dehaven awright . how 's we girl doin ' , anyway ? c.o. stand right here in my office . dehaven Jordan , dear . how be they treat you ? jordan ( catch c.o. 's eye ) can not complain , mar 'am . dehaven hmmm . maybe I will ask when I see you in person . jordan uh , mar 'am . dehaven gonna be visit that all - woman 's America 's cup team in a few week -- if I be a gambler , I would say Dennis o'conner 's day be numbered . but they're in San Diego , so I think I would take a quick promenade of the base . deafen silence . we be not sure who dread the idea more -- the c.o. or Jordan . c.o. uh , v.i.p. security arrangement generally take some time , Senator . dehaven " Security " ? what the hell you talkin ' about ? you base be not secure ? c.o . of course , but there 's more -- dehaven then set out the good plate , we will all have lunch . my office will follow up with detail . jumping off , now ... phone go dead . the c.o. give Jordan a look one might reserve for a lab technician who inadvertently unleash ebola upon the world . jordan Sir , I want you to know that I have nothing to do with any of this . not this article , not -- c.o . " we will all have lunch . " good idea . oh , and let 's be sure to invite this sociologist , too -- just in case we want to have a fucking bridge game afterward ! yeoman sir? Secretary haye call . the c.o. 's headache become a migraine . jordan ( back out ) permission to leave , sir ? c.o. permission to evaporate , o'neil . int . senate barber shop - capitol bldg . - day dehaven hand the phone to she aide . he 's set up a portable office in the next barber chair . dehaven think I overplay it ? dehaven' aide Congress and the Pentagon share a lot of plumbing . they will never know whose leak it be . ext . beach - coronado naval base - day 150 - pound rubber boat ( " Zodiac " ) litter the beach . the class be break down into six - man crew . the chief Boat five -- wickwire , cozad , vinyl , intagliata , ayer , and Wise . Lieutenant wickwire be you senior officer . follow he order to you death . instructor pyro get it up ! Crew five find they Zodiac , hoist it onto they head . the chief Boat six -- England , o'neil , mccool , Montgomery , cortez , and slutnik . Lieutenant England be you senior officer . Jordan roll she eye : at least two of the guy in she crew be blue-ribbon misogynist . cortez and slutnik do not like it any better . jordan ah , c'mon ... cortez motherachrist ... slutnik me? again ? the chief ( look up ) somebody get a problem with the muster ? jordan Fine by I , sir ! cortez no problem , sir ! slutnik full of joy here , sir ! exchange look across they Zodiac , Jordan and she new crewmate lift the boat overhead . the chief Boat Seven ... ext . beach - coronado naval base - day with battle cry , 12 boat crew charge into the tooth of the pounding surf . some lose they boat to the first wave ; other clear the surf and scramble aboard . instructor pyro ( into bullhorn ) first crew to finish get hot food and warm rack for the night ! Rest of you be digging hide - site and eat earthworm tonight ! ext . ocean - day Beyond the breaker , the Zodiac run parallel to shore , crew paddle furiously , racing the wind , the sun , the other crew . instructor shadow in power boat , stopwatch run . ext . boat six - ocean - day mccool do not wanna be pickin ' no sandcrabs outta my ass tonight ! england so shutup and stroke , mccool ! slutnik hoo-yah ! hoo-yah ! flea check on Jordan . she paddle hard , really digging in . flea grin : on some level , he have to admire this woman . Jordan catch the grin , give one back . ahead , buoy mark the finish line . and just when it seem victory be at hand ... thwunk . something hit Boat six . suddenly it 's lose air . Jordan torque around to see ... the Chief on a nearby boat , speargun in hand . the chief you boat just hit razor coral . what do you do now ? england patch and pump ! c'mon ! whose ass be on the kit ? mccool I say keep paddlin ' ! we be almost -- england forget it , mccool ! pri one be to save the boat , not win a race ! so let 's get on it ! they flail to save they sink boat . Boat five nose past , steal the lead . wickwire toss Jordan a pass look . " sorry , but ... " ext . upper dune - coronado naval base - night up and down the dune , crew be digging " hide -site " -- six - man hole that will be they home tonight . cortez and slutnik be uproot shrub , collect camouflage material . cortez four year I petition to get into this program . four year . finally get here , and now it 's co-e ? such bullshit . now I be gettin ' hammer just ' cuz she 's on we crew . slutnik least you do not have to sleep with she every goddamn night . cortez tellin ' you , I would rather be the last class with ball than the first one with chick . CUT to : ext . upper dune - coronado naval base - night Jordan and flea fill sand bag to shore up the wall of they hide-site . England and mccool shovel back to back . mccool have a grandaddy who want to be a navy man . want to fire they big gun on a big -ass battleship . but navy say to he , " oh , no . you can only do one thing on a battleship . " " well what 's that ? " grandaddy say . " cook , " they say . now this be not 100 year ago -- I be talkin' United States navy , middla World War ii . and you know the reason they give he ? you know why they tol ' my grandaddy he could not fight for he country ? england he talk too much ? mccool " negroes can not see at night . bad night vision . " jordan you be kiddin ' I . Jordan jump in the hole , ready to take over shoveling . mccool see , you just the new nigger on the block , o'neil . that 's all . and maybe you move in too early . he climb out . hold on Jordan , look off down the dune , see the other crew cover up and go underground for the night . how the hell do she wind up here ? so far from home ? ext . silver strand highway - day a Jeep speed along the public highway , carry the c.o. back to base . when the Jeep top a rise : c.o. what in God 's name ... ahead , a half - dozen news crew be campe on the shoulder . all camera be train on the base . int . bedroom - georgetown apartment - night camera find navy dress blue laid out on a bed ... topcoat drape on a chair- back ... CNN on a television . CNN commentator ( tv ) ... be deny that it be consider change its long -held policy of exclusion -- but it be not deny the presence of at least one female in a heretofore all - male program . dubbed " g.i. Jane " by the media , this woman be now undergo commando training at the special warfare Command Center in San Diego ... half -shaven , royce lean out of the bathroom in time to catch ... footage from coronado : a woman in navy green be on a beach run , load down with backpack and m - 16 . the news footage zoom in , freeze frame with the indelible image that will be use over and over in come week : woman cradling rifle . madonna for the 21st century . royce goddamn . my poster girl . CNN commentator ( tv ) Senator dehaven 's office still have not release the identity of the woman , but dehaven be confirm that " g.i. Jane " have outlast many of she male counter - part in the program , say to be one of the most grueling anywhere . join we now on " Washington tonight " for the feminist perspective be gloria all , live from -- royce snap it off . he can not take anymore . int . beau - art hall - WASHINGTON D.C. - night beneath the coffere ceiling of a great Beau - Art hall , one of Washington 's power- tribe be celebrate . we find gown woman , tuxedoe man , gold - braid naval officer , a swing band , and ... Secretary haye , newly confirm . he beam as he dance with he wife . compliment and friendly barb come from all direction : compliment ( o.s. ) congratulation , Mr. Secretary . say hello to the President for I ... maybe now you can change that carpet in you office , teddy ... so what be the deal you make with dehaven ? or be it the Devil ? always get they confuse ... haye do not you hear ? effective immediately , all navy vessel can no longer be refer to as " she . " brays of laughter . CUT to : int . beau - art hall - WASHINGTON D.C. - night royce , excusing he way through the crowd , fixate on the bar , lead he dial -a-date winner by the hand . conversation drift into earshot : voice # 1 ... woman be child - bearer . life - giver . now we be go to make they killer ? voice # 2 ... just do not have the upper-body strength ... voice # 3 how strong do you need to be to launch a rocket ? to push a button or pull a trigger ? royce can not get away from it . dial -a-date be we go to dance ? royce not right now . just yard from the bar , a Pentagon e-ringer snag royce 's elbow . e-ringer Commander royce . how 's life across the river ? royce Little slow , sir . when 's the Pentagon go to send I a good crisis ? e-ringer I will check my out - basket in the morning . say , do you know ... the e-ringer turn to make introduction -- but find he circle of friend embroil in the topic du jour : circle # 1 ... but man have train as athlete for 5,000 year . woman have be at it for , what , couple of decade ? do we really know the limit of they strength ? circle # 2 or they endurance ? you know , 30 year ago , woman marathoner be 90 minute off the pace of the man . now , the woman 's time be probably only 20 minute off . circle # 1 try 15 . circle # 3 but what do female soldier really contribute ? I mean , why be this " g.i. Jane " there instead of a man ? eye drift to royce , invite he into the fray . royce ( to dial - a- date ) you wait right here . I will get the drink . int . mezzanine - beau - art hall - night head upstairs with a iceless rum . royce find a calm and secluded place to get drunk in peace and quiet . voice # 1 take my word for it . it 's just not go to happen . not now , not anytime soon . voice # 2 you be guarantee that ? royce frown : he think he be alone . he track the voice to a force - air vent beside the chaise . voice # 1 I have it on unorthodox but reliable authority that combat position will remain off-limit . despite what 's happen with we Babe in boyland . alarm go off in royce 's head . he move quickly to a railing , look down . royce's Pov : of two naval officer on the floor below . they stand beside a match vent . it 's impossible to see face from this angle -- but one man have a distinct bald spot . naval officer ( voice # 1 ) well , be not that what this test case be suppose to decide ? ( think ) unless , of course , you be suggest that " g.i. Jane " be on she way to become " Jane doe " ... bald spot ( voice # 2 ) all I be say be that we will not be integrate -- despite the rhetoric come off Capitol Hill , despite what 's happen in coronado . and you do not hear it from I . naval officer ( voice # 1 ) hear what ? a conspiratorial handshake . the man split up . int . beau - art hall - WASHINGTON D.C. - night royce flash down the stair . hitting main floor , he look around and then bump into ... dial -a-date there you be . can we please dance now ? over she shoulder , royce spy bald Spot head for the cloak room . royce commandeer the nearest j.o. royce Lieutenant ! j.o. yes sir ? royce take a dance ! int . beau - art hall - WASHINGTON D.C. - night royce bob and weave through the crowd , try to keep sight of ... bald Spot . push through the exit door . only step behind , royce shoulder through the door ... ext . beau - art hall - WASHINGTON D.C. - night and blast outside , intend to shake some answer out of bald Spot . but here royce find ... a dozen naval officer wait for they car . all of they now wear cap . royce try to check face of the quickly depart man . but it could have be anyone . dissolve to : ext . ocean - day a high -speed transport ( " seafox " ) be slamming over swell . lashed to one side be a rubber life boat . ext . seafox - ocean - day the chief Crew six ! stand by ! england flea ! ' cool ! o'neil ! cortez ! slutnik ! in that order ! five - second interval ! let 's go ! England 's crew line up for cast - and - recover drill : one by one , they speed - roll off the transport ... ... and drop into the life boat . after quickly stabilize , they roll off the life boat ... ... and disappear underwater like human bullet . England be last to cast off . ext . ocean - day Jordan resurface . tread water , she scan for ... seafox . it make a hard turn in the water and start back . the recovery rig -- a big flexible loop -- be lower into position . still haul ass , seafox pick up the trainee in reverse order -- England , slutnik , cortez . they each stab a arm through the pass loop ... ext . seafox - ocean - day ... and vault back aboard , slick as hell . cortez hoo -yah ! better and sex in a car crash ! but now they be bear down fast on ... ext . ocean - day Jordan . she brace as best she can . as seafox thunder past , she stab for the loop ... and snag it with she hand . but only she hand . hanging on grimly , Jordan drag face down in torrential water . her mouth grope for clean air but can not find it . if she do not let go soon , she will drow . ext . seafox - ocean - day at the stern , the Chief spot Jordan bob up in the boat 's wake . the chief ( to pilot ) next recovery ! keep goin ' , keep goin ' ! ext . ocean - coronado naval base - day coughing up water , Jordan watch seafox speed on toward mccool and flea . they make textbook recovery . she 's the only one who could not cut it . int . women' shower - coronado naval base - night head hang , Jordan shower alone . the chief ( o.s. ) you know , the Israelis ... Jordan recoil . Christ , how long have he be there ? just stand in the doorway ? the chief ... they try woman in the 1967 War . female soldier . with force calm , Jordan squeak off the water and find a towel . jordan permission to get dress , sir ? the chief it seem the man could not get use to the sight of woman blow open and they viscera hang from tree limb . israeli man would linger over wounded female -- often to the detriment of the mission , often endangering they own life . they do not use woman anymore . jordan ( move closer ) Sir , someone mention you receive the navy Cross . May I ask what you get it for ? the chief for pull a 210 - pound man out of a burn barrack in Saudi Arabia . jordan I see . so when a man try to rescue another man , he 's a hero . but when he try to rescue a woman , he 's go soft . the chief could you have pull that 210 - pound man clear , lieutenant ? she can not say yes . she want to but can not . the chief female in combat situation impact unit cohesion . Men fight better without woman around . and that be a historical fact . jordan it also seem like a problem with the man 's attitude , sir . so maybe you should be sniff around they shower room instead . she shoulder past . the Chief give she a few step before drop he bomb : the chief England go out with a stress fracture . that put you in charge , lieutenant . jordan ( off-balance ) mccool 's that same rank . we be both j.g. 's . the chief you be commission one month earlier , which make you the senior officer . ( pass she on he way out ) remember . there be no bad crew -- only bad leader . int . artillery range - coronado naval base - day trainees be get familiar with m - 60 machine gun , fire short burst at downfield target . cortez ( piss ) no operational experience , and now she 's callin' the shot ? unbelievable . slutnik suppose she will wanna eat with we now ... Jordan overhear they bitching . she step up to a open slot -- and proceed to wail away with she m - 60 , tracer round blaze . her target vaporize , she keep wailing madly , take out slutnik 's target ... then cortez 's ... then ... instructor johns o'neil ... o'neil ... o' neil ! finally she stop . instructor johns one burst , one body , o'neil ! what the fuck you try to do ? spell you name ? ( to class ) you be not infantry ! you firepower be limited ! excessive kill only risk compromise ... reloading , Jordan toss a look at slutnik and cortez . ai not nobody bitchin ' now . ext . mess hall - coronado naval base - night blondell ( o.s. ) s.e.r.e. training come up . eat at a table with other woman , Jordan turn to see blondell set down she tray . blondell they take you away to San clemente Island . half the guy quit when they come back . suppose to be just hell - and -a-half . jordan that 's what I hear . blondell can I ask you somethin' , lieutenant ? how come you be do this ? I mean , we be kinda curious . jordan who 's " we " ? blondell just some of the woman . ext . quarterdeck - coronado naval base - night walk across the base : jordan I do not know if there 's any single reason . but my father be navy . and he have this old - time recruiting poster in he de . it show a girl try on a sailor 's uniform while say , " gee , I wish I be a man ! I would join the navy ! " be maybe 10 year old when I first see it , and even then it feel wrong . make I mad . and I do not think a month have go by that I have not think about that poster . " gee , I wish I be a man . " blondell I have be accuse of that wish . jordan the woman I see you with ... blondell just a friend . we have friend , too , you know . jordan but be there ... I mean , how many ... blondell more than you would guess . it 's just that we do not hold coffee klatches . if more then three of we get together at any one time , the guy think it 's some kind of uprising . they laugh . blondell sound funny now , but it 's really not . we have to be careful . the navy still know how to put on a witch-hunt . reaching the quarterdeck , they scan a message board . Jordan find a half - dozen phone slip for she . jordan royce ... int . georgetown apartment - night royce ( into phone ) I have be try you for five day . do not they give you message ? jordan ( v.o. ) it 's hard to find time to sleep , royce . much less keep up with my phone life . royce how hard they make it on you ? ext . phone kiosk - coronado naval base - night Jordan sigh and slump against the phone kiosk . where to start ? royce ( v.o. ) that bad ? jordan I feel like there 's man here , there 's woman here -- then there 's man . but hey , what would I expect ? intercutting Jordan and royce : royce well , not this . I be do the Pentagon scene few night ago . get some fresh stuff -- about you . you may be in a hostile camp . I think someone may be take step to ensure that you crash and burn . jordan I ? why I ? royce do not you know ? how they be talk about you ? jordan I see a article ... royce I can not walk two block in Washington without hearing about " g.i. Jane . " you be all over the place , and whether you want it or not , the feminist be size you up for that poster . Jordan 's face sour with a errant think . jordan so why be you tell I this ? royce Big symbol make big target , Jordan . I think someone 's gun for you . jordan you know , royce , I get enough heat on I without you turn up the jet , too . royce I be only try to warn you in case -- jordan well , let I warm you : I be go though with this . the more everybody fuck with I , fuck with my head , the more it just make I want to finish . so do not expect I back cry in you arm any time soon , okay ? royce that 's not what I want , Jordan . I mean ... it be and it be not ... jordan still can not make up you mind , huh ? gotta go , royce . royce Jordan . you watch you ass . jordan sure . I will join the crowd . ext . AIR station - coronado naval base - night a helo warm up on its pad . Crew six approach , garbe in black wetsuit , load down with weapon and rucksack . Jordan be at the lead . int . helo - night the helo be airborne . sitting on rucksack , trainee slather they face with green camouflage paint . over the howling rotors : instructor pyro infiltrate ... establish you hide - site ... record any movement of troops , vehicle , patrol -- any activity inside you scan . if you be compromise , you have two option ! newberry ! newberry be the new sixth man . he 's young enough to still have a hyperactive Adam 's apple . newberry evasive maneuver or radio for emergency extraction , sir ! instructor pyro if you be extract , be damn sure to follow procedure you have learn in you classroom training ! a helo cannot extract you from a wood area ! you must bring it down in a clear ! what 's the minimum clearance for a mh-60 Black Hawk , mccool ? mccool 32 foot , six inch , sir ! instructor pyro you will be penalize for early extraction , but you will be penalize more for capture -- trust I , far more ! survival ! evasion ! rescue ! evacuation ! welcome to s.e.r.e .! ext . ocean - night the helo swoops low over the water , moon silhouett . Black figure helo - cast into the ocean . int . helo - night last out , Jordan be poise to follow when ... instructor pyro Lieutenant ! do not back down ! Jordan look back . " what the hell do that mean ? " offer no elaboration , pyro signal " go ! " Jordan spring clear ... ext . ocean - night ... and knife into black water . the helo patter away . a inky stillness overtake the world . Jordan activate a red-light beacon , sweep it around , revealing she position to ... her crew . five black face regroup around she . slutnik feel right at home , mccool ? they secure weapon atop they waterproof rucksack . Jordan check a heat - bear compass . jordan ( nodd direction ) South -southeast . and I do not want to hear another word till we be underground . push rucksack ahead of they , they start swim towards ... a moonlit shoreline . half - mile ahead . ext . rocky shoreline - san clemente island - night Jordan 's crew reach shallow water . they deflate they vest and rucksack . Jordan trade she face mask for night-vision goggle . night -vision Pov : sweep the rock . nothing at first . then two " hostile " appear , patrol the rock . Jordan motion " down . " six face sink from sight . night-vision / underwater Pov : of the " hostile " patrol move on . they resurface . on Jordan 's cue , the crew shed flipper and begin scale rock . they have make landfall . ext . hide - site montage - san clemente island - night montage : Racing the come sun , Jordan 's crew build they hide-site ... digging feverishly ... fill sand bag ... telescoping open a roof pole , fan out spar ... lay canvas roof panel into place ... camouflage the panel ... sprinkle sanitize powder around the perimeter to ward off animal . intercut with ... a snake slithering across the ground . as it near the hide-site ... a knife whacks its head off . slutnik pick up the carcass , kick dirt over the severe head . no trace . ext . san clemente island - day camera pan the island , awash in morning light . woodland lie distant . a road be the only man-made feature -- until in foreground , we find a spot scope poke from the ground . int . hide - site - san clemente island - day scope Pov : of the road . fast-attack vehicle approach . mccool ( peer into scope ) get two fav move south . I make ... four bandito aboard , carry ... h - 60 machine gun ... Jordan repeat the info into a digital tape-recorder , add the time . jordan newberry , get a photo . South ? cortez enter my scan now ... jordan West ? slutnik clear . jordan North ? flea clear . scope Pov : of the fav disappear down the road . cortez fav clear . everyone relax -- as much as six people can in a hole five foot - wide . mccool open up mre ( meal ready to eat ) slutnik gut he snake . mccool you mind ? I be try to eat here . slutnik so be I . cortez finish pissing into a tin pot . he transfer the waste to a zip - lock baggy , offer the pot . cortez anyone ? he look at Jordan . she eye the pot , tempt and nettle at the same time . flea do not wanna evacuate ' cuz someone come down with uric poisoning , el - tee . abruptly Jordan unzip , drop she pants , stick the pot under she . it raise eyebrow : it 's a far cry from when she be cover up in cold water . jordan do not even bitch about the seat , do I ? ext . san clemente island - day wide view : as a lone figure appear on foot . int . hide - site - san clemente island - day mccool what the ... get a unknown here . 100 yard north -northeast . they pile up at mccool 's scope . Jordan bull she way through . scope Pov : it 's a woman . dress in civilian clothes , she collect firewood . and she 's come this way . mccool she part of the training ? jordan I do not know ... slutnik " she ? " there 's another one ? mccool take a second look . scope Pov : of the woman draw closer ... closer ... and finally look dead - bang at we . she do a about - face and walk away . quickly . mccool shit . think we be have . cortez smoke she . mccool I be not gonna shoot she . cortez only blank . lemme do it . mccool ( push he away ) hey . ai not you call , man . he look to Jordan . jordan pri one be to protect the mission . if she represent a real threat , we have to do it . please , cortez slip he rifle under a roof panel . jordan ( to mccool ) but do she see we ? do you know for a fact that we be compromise ? mccool do not . not for sure . jordan if not , fire will only give away we position to hostile in the area . now how smart be that ? mccool ( a beat ) mighta be civilian . newberry they get regular peep on this island , do not they ? ext . road - san clemente island - day the asphalt road shimmer with midday heat . suddenly a troop carrier roar over a rise . int . hide - site - san clemente island - day scope Pov : of the troop carrier brake hard . " hostiles " spill out the rear -- and fan out all around we . cortez ( at scope ) banditos on the east perimeter ! 150 yard ! shit , she be part of it ! mccool fuck I . flea what 's the word , el-tee ? we be about one minute from a major take - down here . hold on Jordan , heart skip . do she really make the wrong call ? jordan all right , fire - and -evade maneuver . Drop everything but weapon and the prc radio -- we be gonna be high speed , low drag all the way to the link - up site . ready ? slutnik sure . now she want to shoot . jordan move ! ext . san clemente island - day they come out of the hide - site like atomic locust , splintering into three group and lay down suppressive FIRE as they blitz for ... the woodland . " hostiles " FIRE and pursue . flea be run flat out when the ground vanish beneath he . he go down like a doped race horse . suddenly expose , another crew scramble into daylight : flea run right over they hide-site . slutnik yank flea out , get he back on he foot . ext . wood - san clemente island - day breathe like asthmatics , Jordan 's crew regroup at the link - up site just inside the wood . flea come in hobbling . badly . slutnik this be not workin ' right ! mccool what 's we go-to-shit plan , o'neil ? slutnik this be not even workin ' wrong ! a beat as Jordan deliberate . she do not want to go out like this . flea really do not wanna be capture , el - tee . Heard some bad thing . jordan fuck. ( snatching the radio ) basher - basher , this be Ground Crew six request emergency extraction . stand by for a prc fix ... ext . sky - day as a helo pirouettes in midair . ext . wood - san clemente island - day Jordan 's crew lope through the wood , search for a place to bring the helo down . right on they heel ... artillery simulators thump -thump -thump , illumination grenade pop and flare . this may not be war , but it will do until the real thing come along . int . helo - day pilot' Pov : buzz treetop , search . ext . wood - san clemente island - day on the run : mccool 32 foot , six inch ! jordan I be lookin ' , I be lookin ' ! finally they break into a clear . be it big enough ? jordan ' cool ? mccool ( do not care ) smoke it ! Jordan chuck a smoke grenade . int . helo - day pilot' Pov : yellow smoke rise from the wood . we swoop toward it . ext . clearing in wood - san clemente island - day whirl smoke , the helo descend . Jordan 's crew break early , try to get there the instant it touch down . but before they can ... a fav crash through the underbrush , m-60s barking in the helo 's direction . the helo bound away . Jordan 's crew try to retreat -- but a second fav cut they off . int . helo - day pilot' Pov : of the action below , grow smaller and smaller : Jordan 's crew . surrounded . laying down weapon . capture . ext . wood - san clemente island - day jordan' Pov : brush slapping she face . Crew six be be haul through the wood , hand tie back , boot around they neck , pull along by ... the captor . we assume they be instructor in camouflage paint -- but we be move so fast it 's impossible to be sure . ext . p.o.w. camp - san clemente island - day a p.o.w. camp , disturbingly authentic . a dozen trainee be already here , hold in pen of bamboo and barb - wire . flea , mccool , slutnik , cortez , newberry -- all five get toss into a pen . Jordan be pull away . flea where be you ... hey ! where be you take she ? ext . box - p.o.w. camp - san clemente island - day Jordan be throw to the ground . her eye go wide when she see a row of steel box nearby . they be scarcely larger then coffin . int . BOX - p.o.w. camp - day hand push Jordan inside the box . she have to curl up fetally just to fit . jordan how long ? ( no answer ) please , how long ? the lid bang close . a lock ratchet , footstep retreat . daylight sheet in through ventilation slat . when she eye adjust , Jordan find marking on the lid and wall . scratching make with a nail . the memoir of previous tenant . jordan " do not know how much I can take " ... " a little taste of death " ... " save the nail " ... ( then the real kick - in - the- tooth ) " it 's be three day now " ... ext . p.o.w. camp - san clemente island - night as " hostile " pull flea out of the pen . int . BOX - p.o.w. camp - night a banging wake Jordan . be they come for she ? but footstep leave . a groan from the adjacent box . jordan who be it ? wickwire ( o.s. ) ( a beat ) you know , I have a apartment about this size once . jordan wick . they get you crew , too ? wickwire ( o.s. ) intagliata be out chase breakfast . they find he track . well , shit . a beat . jordan you really come back for more ? of this ? wickwire ( o.s. ) when I be sittin ' behind a desk in Washington , it make sense , somehow . blame it on my big brother . he be spec-recon . and the storey he use to tell ... jordan if you get a good one , wick ... anything to get she mind off this box . out of this box . now intercut Jordan and wickwire , lie like fraternal twin in they womb of steel : wickwire one time he be do a rekkie of the libyan coastline . this be , like , right before we bomb khadaffi into the past tense . so he crew do a nighttime infil , map all the big artillery placement and stuff , then turn around to get the hell go . but between they and the water be five libyan guard , all armed to the nut . jordan they have to kill them ? wickwire Nah , they be dead - ass asleep . but on every guard 's chest , they leave one marlboro cigarette . just a little call card to say they would be there -- and could come back any time they want . jordan that 's a good story . wickwire so the shit you gotta go through ? to get from here to there ? brother say it be worth it . Worth the training ... worth the divorce ... worth anything . jordan he be marry ? wickwire at first . jordan you get anybody , wick ? wickwire not I . you ? it hurt to think about it . the potomac . the gunkhole harbor . royce . wickwire o'neil ? jordan how would you make it last time , wick ? how would you get through this part ? wickwire ( a beat ) last time I do not . jordan ( jarre ) let 's keep talkin ' , wick . just keep talkin ' to I ... ext . newsstand - WASHINGTON D.C. - day royce stop for a newspaper . as he pay , something else catch he eye . he pick up ... a " people " magazine . the grainy image of " g.i. Jane " fill the cover . a photo inset , much clearer , show a beam dehaven . " behind every great woman ... " royce ( shaking head ) Suitable for frame ... int . corridor - n.i.c . - day royce get time for a brain-pick ? reading as he walk , a former CIA spook look up to find royce in lockstep . it surprise he : not many people here talk to he -- unless they be in trouble . the spook be physically unremarkable except for a face that would be right at home on Easter Island : this be a man who 's see most of the world 's ill -- and forget none . the spook subject ? royce o'neil , Jordan . the spook think you two be file-close . royce you know about we ? the spook sorry . think you know I know . int . situation room - n.i.c . - day royce and the spook enter . the vault - like door close emphatically . ensure they privacy : royce Computer -- no transcription , no com-link , no data-link . in fact ... shut - down sequence 0 - niner - 0 - 8 , mark . all around , screen go blank , phone light extinguish . they sit at the conference table . no Computer . no file . just two guy do headwork . the spook all right . so who stand to gain if Jordan flame out in a big way ? royce the e-ringer ? full integration be gonna cost the service billion at the worst possible time -- when Congress be already swinging the axe . the spook ( agree ) Congress cut , military bleed . but Pentagon 's a big place . let 's narrow the sight . royce the navy ? they have make it clear they do not want to pull missile out of sub to make room for woman 's head . what 's it gonna cost to make a fleet of trident 's co-e ? the spook sabotage bear of economics ? would not be a first . but be haye really go to start he watch with such a public failure ? royce possibly . just to spite dehaven . the spook hmm . let 's aim higher . royce blink . " what 's higher ? " the spook the White House . if Jordan win , dehaven win in spade . why ? well , it 's be say that the only man the President fear -- be not no man . royce the first female President ? the spook do not for a second think she do not leak this story . " g.i. Jane " give dehaven a symbol that tap into the biggest constituency of they all . royce woman . the spook if you be the President , would not that put a little piss in you shoe ? royce I do not know . seem ... the spook this be not about some little soldier girl sloggin ' she way through commando school . the implication go way beyond . royce Christ , I do not want to see she take a fall . she think I do , but ... the spook I take it this file be still open . royce ( shaping he word ) even tough I do not talk to she every day -- I still talk to she every day . know what I mean ? the spook ( nodd ) okay , so now work it from the other end . think about California -- and how thing might be handle there . royce I do not ... ( scoffing ) what , someone on base ? a " mole " ? the spook this be what you get for brain - pick a old CIA spook . but if I need to control the outcome of this test case , that 's how I would do it . a man-in-place . make everything very controllable . int . BOX - p.o.w. camp - day jordan' Pov : the box open . daylight assault we , blow out we eye . disembody hand pull we out . ext . p.o.w. camp - san clemente island - day leg hobble , uniform soile , Jordan be lead past a row of hut . she look like she get hit by a train -- and get back up . jordan' Pov : vision still blow out . but inside the pen , we make out 40 trainee now . one guy wring out a sock and drink from it . Jordan move past hut . volatile voice spill out as trainee get interrogate . jordan' Pov : outside one hut , we see flea . at least we think it 's he : strapped face - down to a table , sobbing quietly , he wear a slinky dress and whore 's makeup . they break he -- and it 's a ugly , ugly sight . int . interrogation hut - p.o.w. camp - day the chief what be you father 's name ? Jordan seat . prowl the hut be she interrogator . her tormentor . her chaperon through Hell . the chief simple question , lieutenant . no reason not to answer . what be you father 's name ? jordan " dad . " the chief any brother ? sister ? jordan Dick , Jane , and Spot . the chief be you hungry ? what 's you favorite food ? we will try to get it for you . jordan Green egg and Ham . you be not go to get anywhere . you might as well put I in the cage . the chief you be in the cage , o'neil . right here , right now . jordan should I be afraid ? the chief right down to you worthless womb , and I will tell you why . this be my island . my world . and here I can get away with shit that would get I arrest anywhere else in the world . take another scan of my little joy - boy outside . if I can do that to a navy seal , what 's gonna happen to you ? huh ? it make Jordan think -- and yes , it make she afraid . continue the psychological strip - search : the chief why do not you shoot the woman , o'neil ? jordan be not deem a threat . the chief she lead we right to you . that 's no threat ? Jordan rub she head . so long ago . how do the call come down ? the chief would you have shot if it be a man ? jordan no . yes . I mean , depend on -- the chief the other already tell I , o'neil . they want to shoot , but you would not let they . because you go soft on another woman -- jordan that 's not right . the chief that 's what you crew say . be they lie ? or be you ? jordan I think you be the liar . the chief I be not the one who get five good man throw in a bamboo cage . you wear the bar , you make the call , and you get you whole crew -- jordan we do not know we be compromise . firing would only have give away we position . the chief you think we should go easy on woman , o'neil ? she stare a beat , know it 's a load question . the chief do you ? jordan no . the chief I be so glad we agree . with stun ferocity , he grab she by the neck , push she out the door ... ext . p.o.w. camp - san clemente island - day ... and throw she onto a table . in the pen , all face turn to watch . even instructor stop what they be do as ... the Chief push Jordan 's head down and jam up behind she . the chief do not you know you would be rape if you be capture ? do not you even think about that ? jordan sure . just like you man do . the chief I think we oughtta practice it , just so you know what to expect . he flip she over , rip off she belt , start tear open she pants . jordan should I practice bleed , too , sir ? would that make I a better soldier ? he cover she mouth -- she whole face -- with one hand . the chief ( to the man ) any of you can stop this ! just give I the location of one more hide - site , and it end right here ! in the pen : slutnik ( wide - eye ) someone 's trippin ' out here ... the Chief jerk Jordan up , whirl she around like a dead dance partner , slam she face - first into the pen to give the guy a good look at what 's happen to that pretty face . the chief Three crew be still on this island somewhere . who know where ? the man trade itchy look . some do know . jordan do not do it , do not do it ... the Chief throw she down like garbage . the chief who 's gonna tell I ? who 's gonna be chivalrous and stop this abuse ? what , you want to see she get maul ? be that it ? the man shift anxiously . should they talk ? behind the Chief , Jordan stagger to she foot . jordan do not tell he shi -- the Chief whirl , deck she a crescent-kick . instructor lurch forward instinctively . the chief ( wave they back ) she 's fine ! ( squatting beside ) when I put you down , o'neil , take the hint and stay down . she lick she bloody tooth -- and consider kick he ball into he brainpan . instead she make a move to get up . he grind she back down with a crowbar forearm . the chief ( for she ear only ) I be save you life , o'neil . you may not know it , but I do . you be a inferior soldier , a bad officer , and I do not want you learn that inconvenient truth when you be stick in a muddy bomb crater behind enemy line and do not know how the fuck to get out . you get out now , o'neil . seek life elsewhere . and if you can not do it in front of I , do it behind my back . pin she down with just he eye , he rise -- and start away . behind he , Jordan struggle to rise . a anxious murmur race through the man : they do not want to see this . they do not want to see she crucify . mccool down ... stay down ... hear , the Chief turn back to see ... Jordan wobble to she foot . eye-lock . jordan fuck you and the boat you ride in on . sir. tight on the face of she crewmate -- slutnik , cortez , mccool . in they eye , a new respect . the Chief see it . instructor see it . everyone do . the chief ( to instructor ) we be do here . beaten , he walk right out of camp . wordless , instructor open the pen , unlock the box . wickwire rise like a vampire in daylight . but this time he make it . a medic try to help Jordan , but she push he away , walk drunkenly for ... flea . she begin wiping the makeup from he face . jordan make you a deal , flea . never tell I how I look -- and I will never tell you . ext . pier - san clemente island - sunset the Chief chuck gear onto a transport boat . footstep approach . he know it 's pyro . the chief you do not think she would be rape if she be capture ? you do not think the threat of rape would be use to leverage the man ? instructor pyro you break a dozen training rule back there -- before I lose count . the chief I have have it . just because they pay I like a baby - sitter do not mean I be gonna be one . instructor pyro she 's a trainee , just like the other . why be you come down so hard ? the chief she 's a officer . there 's a higher standard . instructor pyro she 's a woman , and that 's why you be ridin ' she bareback . the chief of course it be . and I be gonna stay on she until everyone realize this be not some bullshit equal - rights thing , that real life be gonna be lose . maybe mine , maybe yours . instructor pyro I oughtta report you . the chief I think you probably would -- if you do not know I be right . ext . STREET - WASHINGTON D.C. - day as a limo move -- head for the Capitol building . int . dehaven' limo - day dehaven snag a buz phone . dehaven yes ? dehaven' aide ( v.o. ) ( anxious ) do you hear ? dehaven she make it through s.e.r.e. training . get a call this morning from -- dehaven' aide ( v.o. ) not that . the White House just announce that it be sponsor legislation that would , in one stroke , void all remain element of the 1948 combat exclusion law . the phone suddenly weight a ton , dehaven dump it on the seat beside she . hold on she disbely face . dehaven' aide ( v.o. ) you there ? Senator ? int . corridor - pentagon - day hand-carry a report , flag Officer # 1 hurry down a corridor , push through a door . hold on the door marker : " Secretary of the navy . " int . secnav office - pentagon - day haye without tell we they do this ? with absolutely no lead time ? at he desk , haye scan the report with a deepen frown . flag officer # 1 ( to haye ) Mr. Secretary , if this bill pass ... flag officer # 2 forget we three - year plan . they be rush the cadence . we will be force to reorganize the navy from top to bottom -- overnight . haye what the hell be the President try to do ? steal dehaven 's thunder ? flag officer # 1 I think it 's more important , sir , to decide what we be go to do -- since it 's apparent this issue be not go away quietly . haye " g.i. Jane . " and which one of you tell I she would not last a week ? huh ? the flag squirm . shake he head , haye move to a window that offer a stun view of Arlington National Cemetery . haye 20 year in the Pentagon , I finally rate a office with a window -- and it look out over the world 's large graveyard . think it 's a sign ? ext . grinder - coronado naval base - night the bell . it reflect the moon . tilt down to reveal a new batch of helmet -- the casualty of s.e.r.e . a graveyard of its own . ext . the exchange - coronado naval base - night Jordan exit with purchase . her face be still bruise from s.e.r.e . with a minute to kill , she peruse a bulletin board casually . but a raised voice lead she eye to ... wickwire . at a phone kiosk , he hang up emphatically . he look flustered when he spot Jordan . jordan sorry , do not mean to -- wickwire that 's okay . just a ex-girlfriend . and know I remember why . jordan first big night of liberty and no date ? you be pathetic , wickwire . wickwire maybe I will just head over to mcp 's with the other , have a drink or four . do not wanna come , do you ? jordan ( touch bruise ) I can not go out . not like this . wickwire I think you look beautiful . jordan thanks for lie . but you be the class officer , wick , and it would just be weird if we hook up . besides ... catch up , blondell exit the exchange . blondell sorry . forget I need oregano and ... she see wickwire . a awkward beat for they all . jordan do you , uh , know ... wickwire sure , sure . jordan we be go over to she place to make salad and pasta . just , you know , nothing special . wickwire okay . well ... think I would ask . Jordan and blondell head for the parking lot . hold on wickwire , look after they . think it through . int . classroom - coronado naval base - day chart be be pass around the room . every trainee take one , include Jordan . instructor johns ... underwater detonation device employ mechanical timer , and as such , they be subject to variance due to water temperature . that 's why when clear mine , we always use two timer . the chart now be pass out contain calculation you must memorize before ... a military cop fill the classroom doorway . frown , johns join the cop for a private discussion . instructor johns o'neil ? jordan Sir ? instructor johns you be want at the c.o.' . int . c.o. be outer office - coronado naval base - day Jordan enter . the yeoman 's desk be unattend . notice the x.o. 's door open , Jordan peer inside to find ... blondell . she look scared out of she mind . before she and Jordan can speak , the yeoman materialize . yeoman this way , lieutenant . they be expect you . int . c.o. be office - coronado naval base - day jordan see I , sir ? the c.o. and x.o. be both here . c.o. ( uncomfortable ) I do not know of any delicate way to say this , lieutenant , so I will not try . claim have be make that you have engage in fraternization -- of the same - sex variety . specifically , that you be ... ( read ) " ... see leave the apartment of another female officer at such a time and in such a manner as to suggest conduct unbecome . " jordan ( a beat , laugh in relief ) Sir , if someone be suggest that I be a lesbian , they be wrong . the c.o. 's face remain grim . he be not relieved . jordan they be very wrong . and I would like to know where you get this information . on the c.o. 's nod , the x.o. open a adjoin office . wickwire enter . he 's stiff as a groom on a wedding cake . wickwire I be sorry , o'neil . but as class officer , it 's my obligation to report all violation . jordan this be insane . you have get no proof . x.o. ( from report ) you be see leave ensign blondell 's apartment at approximately 0 - 200 , whereupon physical affection be exchange in public . jordan we hugge . x.o . in addition , you have be see frequenting the base exchange , the mess hall , the -- jordan because the man do not want I eat with they . Jesus Christ , let 's get this right . c.o . that 's enough . everybody . ( to wickwire ) rejoin you class , lieutenant . wickwire ( only to Jordan ) I wish I do not have to do this , Jordan . c.o. dismiss , lieutenant . wickwire exit . jordan Sir , I just want you to know that this be either a gross mistake -- or someone 's vindictive bullshit . in no way do anything happen between ensign blondell and myself . we be just friend . x.o . so you be say the charge have no validity whatsoever ? Jordan open she mouth to confirm -- and hesitates , realize where this might be head . what the collateral damage might be . jordan I be say , we be just friend . c.o . I find this as distasteful as you , lieutenant . but if it 's on my desk , it 's on my shoulder . there 's go to be a inquiry -- it will not be quick and it will definitely not be pretty . you should prepare yourself . jordan Sir , please ... if there 's any way to do this without drag everyone through the mud ... c.o. I do not see how , o'neil . dismiss . Jordan move to the door . again she make eye-contact with blondell . now we understand why she 's so scared : there 's a witch -hunt brewing . jordan ( turn back ) sir. if tomorrow ... I be not under you command ... would the inquiry still go forward ? c.o. I be not sure what -- jordan would you have the discretion to end it right then and there ? she 's offer she own head on a silver platter -- and the c.o. actually hesitates before answer . c.o. I believe so . ext . grinder - coronado naval base - day mccool and flea exit a classroom with other trainee . they spot Jordan approach . mccool so what would he want ? o'neil ? she pass they robotically . flea realize where she 's go . flea oh , no ... no , no , no , no ... they lurch after she , grab she , step in she way . the chief stand fast ! mccool and flea jerk to a stop : the Chief have emerge from the instructor 's office . helpless , they watch as ... Jordan mount the stair to the bell ... take up the baton ... and hit the bell like a tyko drummer . ring one : on the pain face of she crewmate . ring two : on the Chief . take no joy in it . just accept it as inevitable . ext . the quarterdeck - coronado naval base - day ring three : on wickwire as he walk across the base . his regret be obvious . fade out . fade in : ext . upriver - the potomac - day the ice floe be go . the river bank be budd green . soon camera find a power boat make its way upriver . a lone figure sit on the prow . ext . power boat - day it 's Jordan . dress in civvy , gunnysack between she leg , she 's back in Virginia with nothing more than what she leave with . around a river bend appear ... the gunkhole harbor . Home . ext . gunkhole harbor - potomac - day the boat dock . Jordan spring clear , wave a wear - out thanks , start up the dock . but now she come to a stop , see ... royce . stepping out of the house . extremely wide : River shimmer behind they , they meet on the dock . a charge stand - off : where do they pick up ? can they pick up ? then Jordan drop she gunnysack and step into he wide - spread arm . royce wrap she up as if to never let go . for the first time in this whole ordeal , Jordan begin cry , sobbing uncontrollably . royce ( in she ear ) I want to kill they ... I want to kill the guy who make you cry like this ... int . cover porch - jordan' house - sunset a hour later . share a quiet moment , Jordan and royce cradle tea mug while sit on the rear porch that overlook the potomac and a fiery sunset . jordan all I want be a honest chance . and if I could not get it , I could not stay . royce and this class officer ... " wickwire . " you think he be just try to get even ? strike back for ... jordan maybe . though it do not seem like he be get any satisfaction out of it . almost like ... ( a beat ) do I say he be class officer ? royce almost like someone put he up to it . okay , who ? jordan no shortage of suspect . royce the Chief ? or maybe even turrentine ? you c.o.? she look at he sidelong . jordan royce . tell I you do not keep a file on I . int . live room - jordan' house - day close on multiple file be pull out of a briefcase . one contain clipping -- " g.i. Jane " photo , editorial , political cartoon . another hold record of coronado personnel -- Jordan 's crewmate , instructor , the base brass . royce somebody be yankin ' you sting , Jordan -- maybe from 3,000 mile away . I want to know who . I still do . she shake she head , resisting . royce c'mon , Jordan . do the headwork with I . jordan it 's do with , royce . let it go . royce someone screw you over like this , leave unanswer charge hang over you head , and you be not gonna fight back ? jordan I be tired of fight back . I just want to come home and be safe and have you here and the river there and just forget the rest of the world , okay ? royce well , before you crawl off to die , Jordan , give I five minute of good headwork . agitate , she walk away . b.g. , a phone ring until the machine pick up . royce ( pull a file ) " John James urgayle . " the Chief . jordan what about he . jordan instructor typically pull three year assignment . this guy 's in and out in one year -- you year . that sound right ? jordan sound like a amazing coincidence . royce or like maybe he be baby sit a problem child for the navy . jordan I do not know , I do not care . royce well , pardon I if I do . now who else ? who could have leverage a class officer like that ? c'mon , Jordan , keep you head in the game . under dialog , we hear some of the incoming call : dehaven' aide ( v.o. ) ... just get word today . the Senator want you to know that she 's disturb by the matter , and she will be look into it carefully to make sure you be treat fairly . if you need to reach we , we be here in Washington , 202-224-3121 . a hang -up . something stir in Jordan 's memory . jordan " in Washington ... " royce what ? jordan wickwire say he be dry-dock in Washington between stint at coronado ... we can see she mind gather speed . royce switch file quickly . royce " wickwire , Thomas dane " ... second run at coronado ... and correct , they have he stashed in the " appropriation liaison Office , " whatever that be . jordan you do not crap out of spec-recon and get another shot without dispensation from someone up in flag country . ( a revelation ) he 's get a Sea daddy somewhere . royce I would sure like to know who . jordan yeah . I too . int . administration - coronado naval base - day answer a phone : blondell administration , ensign blondell . jordan ( v.o. ) do not say my name . blondell who 's ... ( brighten ) lieuten -- jordan ( v.o. ) or rank . but can you do I a favor and pull a transfer order ? blondell okay , but ... you do not have to do what you do . not for I . jordan ( v.o. ) ( appreciative ) " wickwire , Thomas dane . " see what you can find . CUT to : int . administration - coronado naval base - day file in hand , blondell return to the phone . blondell get it . jordan ( v.o. ) who sign as he " sponsor officer " ? blondell uh ... do not see it . there 's no signature . but hang on -- there 's a note to " see addendum . " check ... she find a crisp sheet of stationary , out of place among the smear government form . blondell wow ... jordan ( v.o. ) what would you find , Kathy ? close on the stationary . it bear a image of the Capitol dome . match CUT to : ext . capitol bldg . - WASHINGTON D.C. - day the real Capitol dome . a flag be be raise over the Senate wing . ext . capitol bdlg . - WASHINGTON D.C. - day a car park at barricade . Jordan and royce emerge , both in uniform . D.C. cop do not even dream about leave that vehicle there . royce government car -- tow it if you want . just point we to dehaven 's office first . not wait for direction , Jordan take the Capitol step two at a time . we have see this look on she face before -- and last time , she nearly knock the grinder bell into orbit . int . corridor - capitol bldg . - day Jordan and royce move quickly down a corridor , eye hunt , pass capitol guide and they tourist . soon they find ... dehaven 's office . a navy captain exit with paperwork . hasty salute . royce capt and . navy captain Commander . the captain move on . royce hold in the doorway a beat , memory nag he . again he look at ... the captain . he have a distinct bald spot . royce ( to Jordan ) get start here . I will catch up . pick up where he leave off a few week ago , royce follow bald Spot around a corner ... int . private staircase - capitol bldg . - day ... down a private staircase ... int . another corridor - capitol bldg . - day ... and through a door mark " Naval appropriation liaison Office . " it 's not 30 second from dehaven 's door . int . foyer - dehaven' office - capitol bldg . - day secretary you name again ? jordan Lieutenant j.g. o'neil . in a side office , dehaven 's aide overhear . he rise quickly and enter the foyer . dehaven' aide Ms. o'neil . yes , of course . I be Douglas champeau . unfortunately , the Senator be in chamber right now . how can I help you ? jordan what chamber ? which way be that ? dehaven' aide I mean , she 's on the floor of the Senate . jordan okay , which way ? dehaven' aide she really can not be disturb . but if you care to wait , I will find you a office with a phone . it might be several hour , but -- a tourist poke in . tourist ' scuse I , but I be here to pick up gallery ticket ? be you ... dehaven' aide see the secretary , please . over the aide 's shoulder , Jordan watch as ... the tourist claim ticket . hold on the bureau near the secretary 's desk where the ticket be store . int . senate chamber - capitol bldg . - day on the chamber floor , senator mull about , consulting aide , polling party mate . page place microphone and fill the ceremonial snuff box , readying the room for session . among the activity , we find ... dehaven . caucus with another Democrat . jordan ( o.s. ) Senator dehaven ... dehaven look behind she . nobody . jordan dehaven ... now she look up to behold ... Jordan stand in the gallery . stare down on dehaven as she be , it 's hard to read anything into she expression but open disdain . drawn by Jordan 's voice , a capitol guard hurry down the gallery step . royce run interference . jordan we can talk here or we can talk outside , Senator . you tell I . on the floor , half the U.S. Senate stop what it 's do and look up . in the gallery , the guard be throw off - balance by the naval uniform : do royce and Jordan belong here or not ? confused , he look for guidance from ... dehaven . she note c-span camera swinging Jordan 's way . summon a page : dehaven cloak room . I will meet she there . just she . int . cloak room - capitol bldg . - day tower door swing open . dehaven appear , face pleasant but harry . dehaven Jordan . I always hope we would get together -- though just now I be gear up for a child - care vote that -- jordan Lieutenant Thomas wickwire . about to hug Jordan , dehaven stop awkwardly . jordan you know he . dehaven sound familiar . jordan it should . you nominate he for spec-recon just three day after you nominate I . dehaven Jordan . might we do this over lunch tomorrow ? I do very much want to talk , but now be scarcely -- jordan do you set I up ? do you set I up just to see I fail ? dehaven absolutely not . dehaven glance back at the door to the Senate chamber -- the open door . walk Jordan a few step away : dehaven wickwire be there to help . to be my eye on the inside , to make sure you be get a fair shot . at least that be the intent . jordan what change ? dehaven should probably ask he that . jordan if I have to ask again , Senator , I will be ask in front of camera . it 's a threat dehaven do not appreciate . the Senate doorkeeper appear . doorkeeper madam Senator ? you esteem colleague be request -- dehaven two second , walter . ( answer Jordan ) in 1981 , the Supreme Court be ask to rule on the issue of woman in combat position . the Court cite the 1948 combat exclusion law as a legal foundation for keep woman ineligible . that decision hold for all this year -- until the White House , 10 day ago , move to have the exclusion law void . to demolish that legal foundation . jordan so ? be not the President jump on you bandwagon ? dehaven what he do be light the bandwagon on fire . because he know what I know -- that american family be not prepare to put they daughter in harm 's way . jordan you do not know that . dehaven in face , I do : roper , Harris , Gallop -- they all come back the same . jordan what be you say ? that a woman 's life be more valuable than a man' ? that a woman 's death hurt a family more ? dehaven I be say it 's not go to happen . not when the President be set to turn this into a third - rail issue should I choose to ever campaign against he . he will fry I six way to Sunday for send daughter and young mother off to war -- and , quite possibly , for bring they back in body bag . Jordan shake she head in disbelief . she have meet the enemy -- and she be we . jordan you be never go to let woman serve in combat . you always have a safety net . or think you do . dehaven Jordan . I do not expect you to fully understand this -- but sometimes there 's more to be gain from the fight than the victory . jordan so the rhetoric get you headline . but the reality get you in trouble . dehaven the reality be this : we send far too many man off to war . I do not need to compound the problem with woman . ( off Jordan 's look ) can you honestly tell I you want that life ? squat-piss in some third - world jungle with -- jordan I want the choice . the chance to prove myself , my skill , my work , I . that 's how it should have be . doorkeeper madam Senator , once again I must -- dehaven just hold the goddamn clock , walter . not happy about it , the doorkeeper reach into a alcove , grab a broom he keep around for just this occasion . he enter the chamber ... int . senate chamber - capitol bldg . - day ... and move behind the rostrum . holding the broom by the bristle , the doorkeeper stand on tip-to ... and use the broom handle to turn back the Senate clock by three minute . Senators groan . it 's a old trick play by senior member -- and they all hate it when it happen to they . int . cloak room - capitol bldg . - day dehaven I once promise you a fast ticket , Jordan , and I always mean to make good on that . come work for I . I can always use a hard - charge on my team . jordan you promise wickwire a fast ticket , too ? dehaven I have have no direct communication with he since this whole thing begin . and that 's quite verifiable . jordan I be sure it be . dehaven you will think about my offer ? jordan you know , I wonder what the secnav would think about it . if I speak with he . dehaven well , I speak with Mr. haye this morning myself -- and tell he the deal be off . no more test case . he be only too happy to oblige . ( dangerously low ) do not play politics with I , little darlin' . you would be up way past you bedtime . doorkeeper ( distraught ) madam Senator , please ... dehaven I will call you in a few day . she flash a win smile and turn away . as the chamber door start to close behind she : jordan so I wonder what the President would think . the last image we have of dehaven be she whirling back , startle . the door boom close in she face . ext . c.o. be house - coronado naval base - night through a window , we see the c.o. with a phone press to he ear . he stand at attention even though wear a bathrobe . half - audible through the glass : c.o. yes sir . no , I be not say it would be impossible , sir , just ... yes sir . no sir . yes sir . I can appreciate that , sir . good night , sir . int . c.o. be house - coronado naval base - night the c.o. hang up and look to Jordan , heretofore unseen . she wait anxiously . c.o. well , if you have to go over my head , lieutenant , that 's the way to do it . Christ , nothin ' like a 0 - 200 call from the Commander and Chief to get the bowel movin ' . jordan Sir ? what do he say ? c.o. basically -- he ask I if I could unring a bell . ext . grinder - coronado naval base - day start on the helmet graveyard . hand enter frame to reclaim one helmet in particular . tilt up on Jordan , back in the grinder , back in navy green . the spec-recon class be here . crewmate gawk like stone idiot as Jordan take she old place in the line -up . c.o. ( to class ) one of you here understand better than anyone what this be all about . someone who have engage in conduct unbecome . someone who know , I would hope , what he must now do . close on wickwire . feeling the heat . wonder if they really know who it be . now the c.o. park himself right in wickwire 's face . c.o . and unless that someone take the honorable way out in the next 10 second -- I will make certain he face action under the uniform code of military justice . wickwire break rank and head for the bell . he slow when reach Jordan , consider a apology he know would be inadequate . jordan just walk away and never stop . he do . as wickwire ring out : c.o . it seem we have a open for class officer . any nomination ? eye swing to Jordan . Way ahead of they : c.o . all that in favor ? a chorus of aye . Jordan puddle up . c.o. Chief urgayle , turn it back over to you . on he way to the front , the Chief stop to check in with Jordan . the chief well , I be try to figure out if you be stupid , unlucky , gluttonous -- or some new alloy of all three . jordan good to see you again , too , sir . the chief okay , o'neil . so you have impressed all the other . now try I . ext . coronado bridge - day the morning sun be a orange ball balanced on the coronado Bridge . in silhouette , pelican circle , some dive - bombing into the bay below . suddenly a helo howl across the sun , scatter the bird as it head off -shore . int . helo - day the chief ( set watch ) four ... three ... two ... one ... hack ! flea , mccool , slutnik , cortez , newberry , Jordan . Inside the airborne helo , they synchronize they dive watch . the chief final assignment ! each crew will be drop 12 mile out ! between you and the shore be a network of mine and underwater obstacle ! you will clear the obstacle , you will tag the mine with you crew number ! you have until 18 - hundred to make landfall ! ext . ocean - day as the helo swoops down onto the ocean deck . int . helo - day the trainee double - check wet gear and survival vest . on Jordan 's nod , they push a inflatable life boat ( " ilb " ) to the helo door . it 's roll up into a rubber log . the chief remember ! the one thing you can count on in any mission be that anything mechanical will fail ! if you get stick out here , do not call I , for you will no longer be in my class ! try the Coast Guard ! the helo pilot slow to five knot . the Chief give Jordan the go-ahead nod . jordan ( to she crew ) one-second interval ! go! ext . ocean - day the ilb splashes down into the ocean . Jordan 's crew helo - cast in after it . from the door of the circle helo , the Chief watch as ... Jordan 's crew swim to the ilb , bob in the swell . flea turn a handle on the co2 tank mean to inflate the boat . nothing happen . flea c'mon , c'mon ... cortez try to help . the handle spin in he grip . cortez this tank 's not gonna cut it , el - tee . handle 's stripped . Jordan look skyward . 100 foot overhead , the Chief give she a parting salute as the helo lift away . slutnik I just wonder how that happen . jordan cortez , see if you can dig out the tool without lose the rest of out gear . try a wrench on that thing . int . helo - day the helo turn into the morning sun . pilot and co- pilot drop visor . pilot' Pov : of dot in the sun . what the hell be try ? smack ! something hit the windscreen , splattering red and brown . the chief what happen ?! pilot Fucking pelican ! hang on ! he start to bank clear -- but not fast enough . ext . helo - day more bird pepper-shot the helo : one shred through the main rotor , another through the tail rotor . another bird get suck right into ... the main turbine . int . helo - day a sharp bang ... a wicked shimmy ... and now they whole helo lose power . pilot Holy ... let' gyrate ! as the pilot wrestle control , the co-pilot rig for auto-gyration . but the bank they start be work against they : the helo be come down badly , circle like a huge steel feather . brace , the Chief look out the side door -- and see ocean rush up at he . fast . ext . ocean - day mccool what the shit be ... Jordan whirl . she 's just in time to witness ... the helo hit the water . in second it 's go . a stunne beat . we never know the ocean could be this quiet . when the anesthetic of shock wear off : slutnik you do not suppose this be just part of ... jordan flea ! keep you eye on that spot ! Mark it , mark it ! cortez ? what the hell you wait for ? cortez torque he wrench hard : co2 flow into the ilb , inflate it . the crew scramble aboard . Jordan dig like a dog to find a radio . jordan base , this be Crew leader six . we have a down helo 12 mile west - south west of base with three aboard . repeat , we have a down helo with three aboard ... slutnik yank a starter cord : they outboard motor roar to life . the boat do a donut in the water and blast away . CUT to : ext . ocean - day the ilb power over swell . flea be perch on the bow , nose to the wind like a hunt dog . flea CUT it ! CUT it here ! slutnik motor down . flea Close as I can get , el-tee ! jordan flea , ' cool , cortez , Newman -- take you minis , hit the water . go , go ! they grab mask and mini-tank and dive in like dolphin . Jordan snap up the radio . jordan base , this be Crew leader six . what be you e.t.a. on that rescue helo ? over . base ( v.o. ) Crew leader , we have a medevac rerout from Long Beach , but no other helos prepped at this time . seafox one and two be launching now . over . a beat . jordan base , do not think you copy I . we be 12 mile out . seafox top out at 30 knot , which make it a no - show for 18 minute . over . base ( v.o. ) you copy right , Crew leader . we be look for option ourselves . slutnik maybe we should call the Coast Guard . jordan shut you hole , slutnik . CUT to : ext . ocean - day mccool surface . mccool visibility drop dead at 40 foot . if they be deeper than that ... the other surface and swim in . cortez nobody 's comin ' outta that crash , el-tee . nobody . a grim beat -- and then a crackle on the radio . with a voice seemingly from the far side of the moon : the chief ( v.o. ) base , this be basher one . I have get a small problem here . do you copy ? jaw drop . jordan ( into radio ) basher one , this be o'neil . we be barely read you . what be you situation ? ext . crashed helo - underwater - day 50 foot down , the helo lie cant on a reef shelf . int . crashed helo - underwater - day wedge into a torture maze of hydraulics and equipment , we find the Chief , operate out of a air- pocket near the windscreen . the pilot be dead , impale on he cyclic stick , head submerge . the co- pilot be still alive , barely . the Chief struggle to keep the man 's head up as he key a survival radio . the chief get one other heartbeat here , look touch and go . I have get a questionable leg . ext . ocean - day the chief ( v.o. ) manage to activate the elb . if you just radio base and let they know , they will fix on that . oh , and make sure they send a helo with a winch -- door 's block by a reef . over . jordan Chief , sir -- rescue team will not be here for 15 minute . what 's you air situation ? over . the chief ( v.o. ) say again ? how many mick ? jordan 15 , sir . int . crashed helo - underwater - day the Chief size up he air pocket . the chief ( into radio ) that ... may not be adequate . ext . ocean - day flea if we could just fix on he ... mccool beacon 's a no - go for we . jordan ( into radio ) Chief -- do I see a flare box aboard ? and can you get at it ? over . ext . crashed helo - underwater - day the Chief prop up the co-pilot 's head . gulp air . duck underwater to grope through wreckage . only now do we see that " questionable leg " he be talk about : it 's snap at mid-calf , blood rivering out . ext . ocean - day the chief ( v.o. ) get it . jordan ( into radio ) show we where you be , Chief . ext . crashed helo - underwater - day again the Chief go below water . he find a small breach in the fuselage ... stick the flare launcher through ... and pull the trigger . with a magnesium flash , the flare launch ... ext . underwater - day ... streak toward the surface ... ext . ocean - day ... and arc into daylight 50 yard behind the ilb . flea six o'clock ! marking , mark ! jordan spot you , Chief . pri one be to slip you some air , so we be come down with a tank -- just something until the a- team show . over . a ominous beat . jordan Chief ? chief ( v.o. ) o'neil ... there 's no air in you main tank . mccool what ? they scramble to check they main dive tank . even through the gauge show full , they be dead empty . all of they . int . crashed helo - underwater - day the chief ( into radio ) this mission be not about tagging mine . it be to see how you cope with mechanical failure . pretty fuckin ' ironic , huh ? he laugh . it 's the bleakest laugh imaginable . ext . ocean - day slutnik he 's circlin ' the drain , el-tee . Jordan survey the equipment they do have aboard -- the stuff she can count on . mental turbos kick in : jordan so we get two full mini-tank , three minute each . ' cool ? how much air in yours ? mccool maybe half . not even . jordan grab a oar , find a way to weight it down , we be gonna need it . cortez , help he . flea ? you take one of the two full minis -- and just follow my lead . cortez what , we be gonna pry them out with paddle ? mccool ( grab she ) o'neil . we air 's gonna crap out as soon as we get down there . you know that , do not you ? jordan so I guess we get one shot at it . int . crashed helo - underwater - day swim in he own blood , the Chief start to fade away , lose consciousness . but then , through the cockpit windscreen ... a hazy orb of light above he . the orb grow and grow until it resolve into a flare carry by he would - be savior . Jordan . the chief why would it have to be she ... ext . crashed helo - underwater - day reaching the down helo , mccool and cortez wedge they oar under the fuselage and leverage hard until ... a open appear . Jordan and flea swim into the breach ... int . crashed helo - underwater - day ... and surface inside the wreckage . jordan Chief , sir ... still with I ? chief ( unbuckle co-pilot ) take he first . once he 's clear , come back with -- jordan Sir , let I suggest you stop give order and start do exactly what I say , because that 's the only way we be all get out of here . now how 's you vest check out ? still good ? ext . crashed helo - underwater - day mccool 's air crap out . he abandon he oar and swim for the surface . that leave only ... cortez , struggle mightily to keep the escape route open . he know he mini-tank be run on empty -- and it scare the bejeezus out of he . int . crashed helo - underwater - day jordan flea , take the pilot up slow , feed he air . Chief , sir , you and I be gonna take the express elevator outta here . remember to let you air out . ready ? ext . ocean - day twin transport -- seafox one and two -- pound across the water . instructor sweep binocular , try to spot ... the ilb . newberry pop a flare skyward as slutnik download info over the radio . ext . crashed helo - underwater - day cortez 's air go dead . he give it three more second , eye rivete on the underside of the helo , know they have to come out ... right ... fuck ... absolutely ... now : Jordan appear with the Chief . flea be at they heel with the co-pilot . cortez drop he oar as if it be radioactive and swim for the sky . the helo boom back down onto the reef . Jordan yank the cord on the Chief 's vest . it inflate instantly . one arm raise , Jordan streak for the surface ... ext . ocean - day ... and " superman " into daylight with the Chief . they cover 50 foot in four second . do a 360 , Jordan spot ... seafox one come they way . Jordan wave like a shipwreck victim . not slow , seafox lower a recovery rig into place : they be waste no time on the pick-up . remember the last time she try this , Jordan get a death - grip on the Chief 's vest . the chief ( growl ) o'neil ... jordan shut up , sir . I be concentrate . the recovery loop come at she like a big brass ring . seafox thunder past . Jordan plunge she free arm through the loop ... and suddenly they be go , whisk away by the boat . throw a rooster tail a mile long , seafox pivot on the water and head back to base . mccool hoooooo-yah ! newberry go , go , go , go ! slutnik uh-huh ! that 's right ! just like we always practice it ! dissolve to : ext . guard house - coronado naval base - day limousine lead , a parade of vehicle reach the base entrance . a man exit the limo to expedite matter with the base guard . dehaven' aide Senator dehaven be here for the graduation ceremony . base guard what be all this other vehicle ? dehaven' aide just a small press corps . routine . base guard and that pickup truck at the end ? dehaven' aide that ? that would be the all - woman America 's Cup team . ext . grinder - coronado naval base - day c.o. ( into microphone ) special reconnaissance class 118 , you may now stand down . all buff and polished and wear they dress white , the former trainee erupt with one great hoo - yah . what begin as a class of 100 now end with just 40 . sitting among the family and friend we find royce , smile through he fear . not far away sit blondell . no one clap louder . Jordan trade high - fives and fierce hug with crewmate . pyro finally manage to take she aside . instructor pyro Lieutenant ? I be ask to give you this . it 's a small case . Jordan open it to find a medal of bronze and blue enamel . jordan the navy Cross ... instructor pyro I believe he earn it for save a man 's life in Saudi Arabia . he want you to have it . he be very clear on that point . jordan I be look for he earlier , but ... instructor pyro the Chief be grant early retirement as of 17 - hundred yesterday . by 18 - hundred he be go . out of the navy . jordan ( know better ) just a coincidence ? instructor pyro maybe it 's not my place to speculate on he private thought . but I think the Chief know that he way -- he world -- have come and go . Jordan nod , understanding . CUT to : ext . grinder - coronado naval base - day dehaven . she 's hold a press conference , try to turn piss into wine -- and do a pretty good job : dehaven ... of course , we always prefer peace to war . but if we be go to war , give woman a piece . give they the choice to defend they country . and if the President do not like that idea -- if he want to continue to deny woman they equal rights -- then I will be happy to step out back with he any time , anywhere ... Jordan approach . spot she , the PRESS plead for a photo - op with both woman . dehaven Jordan ? Jordan , dear ... letting silence be the ultimate expression of scorn , Jordan walk right past dehaven ... and join royce . together they turn and leave . c.o. Senator , perhaps this would be a good time for that lunch . will the America 's Cup team be join we ? ext . beach - coronado naval base - day Jordan and royce walk hand in hand , strolling the same beach she train on . jordan so here we be again . stare three year of operational duty in the face . royce look . it 's not like you would be completely out of reach . and maybe we could call in a few favor , get you station at norfolk instead of coronado . there be way of deal with this thing -- I mean , if people be so inclined . jordan ( warily ) which be guy-speak for ... royce " yes , Jordan -- I will wait for you no matter how long . " finally , the right answer . ext . AIR station - coronado naval base - day start tight on Jordan 's face . even beneath the camouflage paint , we can see she exhilaration . pull back to find she in a line of commando board a idling C - 130 : she 's embark on she first mission . keep pulling back until we have lose she completely -- until she 's just one soldier among many , indistinguishable from the rest . fade out . the end