galaxy quest David Howard ( Story ) David Howard & Robert Gordon ( screenplay ) ext . outer space ' the vastness of space . suddenly a hole in the sky open with a flash and a spaceship rumble into view . on its hull the letter usea protector . magnificent , though on closer inspection it shudder ever so slightly , denote pre-cgi model work on a budget . we be watch a tv show . voice ( 0.s. ) we be exite the time knot now sir . int . usea protector command deck - space 5 member of the crew of the usea protector sit in the large circa - 1979 - '' high - tech '' cabin . all of they human except for one , dr . lazarus , a cross between a human and a raptor . the crewmate exchange relieved smile . tommy we be alive . dusty we make it . Captain , we make it ! lazarus ( the alien ) by grabthar 's hammer , we live to tell the tale . computer ( 0.s. ) system register functional . gwen all system be work , Captain . Captain ?... they all turn to look at the captain , who turn to reveal himself dramatically . good look . his act be classic charlton heston take - no-prisoner style . he look around the command deck , worried , almost sniff the air . captain I do not like it . it be too easy ... look for ambient energy field . tommy all normal sir ... the entire spectrum . captain check again . tommy yes sir , I - wait . my god . his radar light up with dot . first a few , then hundred . tommy they be everywhere . there be time knot open everywhere . lazarus impact now captain ! suddenly a explosion rock the ship . the crew go scuttle to one side of the ship then back in classic '' the ship be rock '' fashion . gwen a trap . lazarus we be surround Captain . the entire 5 k ranking be out there . captain we plasma armor ? tommy go sir . another blast rock the room . ( Close inspection reveal that some ef the actor scuttle more than other . ) computer ( 0.s. ) structural damage at 68 percent . gwen we be get major structural damage ! dusty it 's a core meltdown sir . it can not be stop ! the Captain turn to he advisor , lazarus . lazarus Captain , surrender may be we only option . captain no , never give up ... never surrender ! gwen the reactor have eat through four level ... six level ... the ship be disintegrate ! tommy you order sir ? another siren sound . the Captain pause , consider the situation . his face a melodramatic collage of emotion . tommy sir. you order ? he walk into close up , steely determination on he face . captain activate the omega 13 . the crewmate exchange expectant and terrify glance . close up of a crewman 's hand as he push down a crystallin rod which in turn open five layer of mechanical lock revealing a serious look lever . the Captain pull that lever . a machine be reveal , rise from the floor in the middle of the room . it begin to glow . cut to each actor in turn reacting dramatically . then suddenly ... the picture goe white , leader number appear , with a studio copyright notice . CUT to : hundred of face - enthralled legion of mostly spotty face male adolescent fan stare into camera . for a moment all be silent . a few be sobbing . then a burst of thunderous applause .... we be at a science fiction convention . the enthusiastic crowd of geek , nerd , and complete geek continue cheer as the master of ceremony guy take the stage . guy well , there you be ! you be the first people to see the lose galaxy quest episode 53 two parter since it be originally aire in ' 82 ! ( the fan cheer ) as most of you know , no conclude episode be film when the series be cancel , so the episode be never include in the syndication run . let 's hear it for Travis latke , who actually rescue the footage from the studio garbage . they be go to throw it out ! can you believe that ? ( latke stand , fan cheer ) now for the moment you have all be wait for ... the intrepid crew of the usea protector ! the audience cheer , but a stagehand in the wing signal for guy to '' stretch . '' guy but first ... what be a '' hero '' ? let 's take a look at a few more clip ... the audience groan , impatient . backstage here we meet the real life actor all dress as they tv alter ego ... gwen demarco , beautiful , in a sexy and improbable body suit . sir alexander dane , ( DR. lazarus ) irritable , wear green alien prosthetic makeup . dusty kwan , calm , sit on a apple box off in a corner read the paper . tommy webber , the youngest of the group . tommy where the hell be he ? gwen a hour and a half late . I can not believe he have do this to we again . tommy I believe it , the bastard . he do not care about anybody but himself . dusty you guy hear he schedule a fan appearance without we ? tommy you 's be kid . when for ? dusty tomorrow morning , before the store open . my agent tell I . gwen but we make a pact . we say we would stick together . tommy right , like he 's get poyatty to anyone . this be the guy who try to kill off Alex 's character when it become too popular ... be I right , Alex ? Alex ?... they all turn to see Alexander stare into a makeup mirror , eye roam over he alien green makeup and scaly rubber feature with a mournful expression . gwen uh oh ... Alex , get away from that thing ... alexander ( stare into mirror ) dear god ... how do I come to this ? tommy do not we specifically say no mirror ?... alexander I play Richard III at the Royal National theater before she majesty the Queen !.. dusty ( quietly , as he flip a page ) '' five curtain call ... '' alexander ... five curtain call ! I be a actor once , damn it . now look at I . look at I . tommy settle down , Alex ... alexander no . I can not go out there ! I will not say that ridiculous catch phrase one more time . I will not . I can not ! gwen at least you have a part . you have a character people love ! my tv guide interview be six paragraph about this body suit . about my leg . ( more ) gwen ( cont would ) how do I perfect my trademark sidesaddle pose ? 's nobody even bother to ask what I do on the ship . nobody know . do you ? do anybody ? dusty you be the , uh ... wait I ’1ll think of it ... gwen I repeat the computer . whatever it say , I turn and say to the rest of you . I speak the obvious . nothing I do ever affect the plot not once . nothing I do be ever take seriously . tommy guy . I be a African american play a malaysian name '' laredo . '' hello ! suddenly the rear stage door open , bright light stream in and jason nesmith ( " the Captain '' ) appear , strolling in in he confident exuberant charming way . jason my friend , you Captain have arrive ! he pat Tommy on the back . jason be I too late for alexander 's panic attack ? ( look at he ) apparently so . he squeeze Alexander 's shoulder , lean in to inspect a giant green plastic mole on he neck . jason that 's irregular , you should have it look at . he flick dusty 's newspaper , read over he shoulder . dusty hold out a hand for a mild five without look up . jason laker be hot . ( kiss gwen on the cheek ) speak of which ... you look amazing . he lock up to see the other glaring at he . a beat . jason okay , what do I do now ? convention stage on the stage , guy continue to stall ... guy ..- sure , the rock look like paper mache , and the set move when anyone bump into they ... but we do not care ... film clip be project behind he : on a alien planet the captain carry the limp body of he advisor , lazarus , ray gun erupting around he ... on the command deck the crew fight a space battle with crack precision teamwork .... guy ( continued ) ..- for that four season from ' 79 to ' 82 we the viewer develop the same affection for the crew of the usea protector that the crew have for each other ... this be not just adventurer explore space , this be friend ... backstage the other surround jason , fight . tommy you say we do appearance together , or not at all ! jason I do not say that . I say '' would not it be great if we could always work together . '' that 's what I say . gwen unbelievable . tommy you be so full of shit . jason what 's the big deal ? a few fan build a little set in they garage . I come in for a hour at most . it 's a nothing . gwen how much of . a nothing ? not enough to split five way kind of a nothing ? jason what do you want I to say , gwen ?... they want the Captain . suddenly bright light stream in . they all turn to see alexander skulking out the exit . a beat , then they all run to catch Alexander , tackling he . onstage guy get a thumb up cue from a stagehand and begin to introduce the cast , much to the delight of the applaud fan . guy okay , here we go ... let 's hear a warm welcome for crack Navigator and gunner '' Lt. laredo '' , Tommy Webber ! . Tommy come bound out with a big smile , he hair muss . on the screen behind be a project film clip of Tommy in action . tommy ( film clip ) as laredo '' if it 's get proton thruster , I can fly it . '' guy ship 's tech sergeant chen ... dusty kwan ! dusty stroll out with a casual wave . dusty as chen '' I will reverse the polarity . it 's we only hope . '' backstage gwen and Jason be wrestle on the ground with Alexander . gwen Alex you can not just leave . alexander I be knight by the queen !!! jason come on , old friend ... alexander friend . you steal all my best line . you cut I out of episode three entirely ! one evil twin be not enough , no you have to have two evil twin !..- guy ( 0.s. from the stage ) the beautiful shipmate tawny madison ... gwen demarco ! gwen hear she introduction and stand , leave Jason to wrestle Alexander . gwen he 's all yours . onstage gwen take the stage . in the film clip , tawny madison look around the cabin fearfully . shipus computer one hundred degree and rise ... gwen as tawny madison '' it 's ... it 's get hotter , Captain ! '' many '' appreciative '' whistle . gwen force a smile . gcuy and now ... the Captain 's advisor and close friend . his peaceful nature ever at odd with the savage warrior inside he , after witness the massacre of he entire species as a boy ... we see a split screen shot of Alexander , one peaceful and monk - like , the other a savage reptilian beast , tear into a foe . backstage Jason be still in a wrestle match with Alexander . jason you will go out there . alexander I will not and nothing you say - jason '' the show must go on . '' alexander ( a beat ) damn you ! damn you ! guy ( cont would ) ( 0.s. ) '' pr. lazarus of tev’meck '' ... Sir Alexander dane ! Alex bound up on stage , bow deep with grace and humility . stage train british actor . alex as lazarus onscreen '' by grabthar 's hammer , you shall be avenge ! '' Alex cringe , desperately unhappy . guy and finally , my fellow questarian , the brave Captain of the usea protector ... Peter quincy taggart ... jason nesmith . Jason appear and a spotlight follow he on . tommy unbelievable . he rent a spot ? the Jason raise he hand like a conductor , encourage the fan to cry out in unison ... jason / jason on screen / everyone '' never give up , never surrender ... damn the neutrino cannon ... full speed ahead ! '' the fan go crazy . the actor exchange glance . guy the Captain and he crew will be signing autograph on imperial deck '' b '' and '' ce '' near the coke machine . convention hallway it 's quiet . we be on four payr of boot walk down the hallway . we pan up to reveal five serious looking young people , 4 man and a woman , clean cut as disneyland employee and impeccably outfit in galaxy quest style uniform . there 's something odd about they movement and be avior you can not quite put you finger on .. for now we will refer to they as the peculiar fan . they do not say a word to each other as they walk down the hallway and into the bustling convention hall we move with the peculiar fan through the convention floor , past the numerous fan dress as they favorite galaxy quest character ... through the various booth sell galaxy quest and other sci-fi memorabilia , catch snippet of conversation along the way : ... they pass two elaborately costume alien fan talk . alien ... yeah , I use to be gark ’nor of ang but I get a rash from the chest pad so now I be sacnod from episode 5 , which be fine except the transducer pinch when I sit down ... ... they pass a group of particularly earnest ( geeky ) fan ata vendor 's booth , also costume as the five galaxy quest lead . they leader , brandon wheeger , inspect a seller 's model of the defender , contemptuously . brandon the tail fin be concave , not convex . the proton reactor be where the influx thermistor should be and .. my god ... be this testor 's blue green number six on the hull ? ( drop the model roughly ) I ... I ... this be a complete abortion . with curious glance to this similarly uniform group , the peculiar fan move past , then come to a halt as they spot ... jason , up on a raise platform at the front of the hall signing autograph for a long line of fan . the peculiar fan stare at Jason as iff they be in the presence of God . they exchange astonished smile and one of they even grow misty . then they start toward he ... the cast table gwen , Tommy , Alexander and dusty sign autograph at a row of table near Jason , but significantly lower than he perch . 10 . tommy be it I or do that sonofabitch 's table get higher every convention ? one of many fan dress as '' Dr. lazarus '' step up to Alexander and salute he with cross fist . fan '' by grabthar 's hammer , by the sun of warvan , I shall avenge you ! '' Alexander ignore this , grab the photo from he hand , sign it , thrust it back . the next fan step up . fan '' by grabthar 's hammer , by the - '' he sign and thrust it back before he can even finish . alexander next ! guy ( the mc ) approach the actor at they table . guy hi everybody . gwen hey . thanks for the great intro , uh ... guy guy ... you probably do not remember I , do you ? ( they stare at he blankly ) I be on the show in ' 79 . episode 12 ? get kill by the lava monster before the first commercial ? '' crewman # 6 ? '' the actor pretend that they remember he . '' oh , right ! guy ! '' guy listen , I be wonder , would you guy mind if I sit in today ? see if anybody 's interested in a autograph ? I mean , who know ... T sure , guy , if you can take the excitement . two more fan dress as Alexander 's character approach he , proudly chatter at he in lazarus 's '' mak’tar '' language . alexander do not make I get a restrain order . across the room the peculiar fan be make they way through the crowd toward Jason . they have to step aside as a procession of fan pass through on they way to the costume contest . as the peculiar fan stand there we suddenly notice something very strange ; will . the left hand of the tallest one be flicker like bad veception on a tv , buzzing between a normal hand and a hand with four long blue tentacles where finger should be . the leader notice the flicker and motion to the afflict man . the tall man rap sharply against a metal blink box on he belt a few time -- like you might a break radio -- and the hand become normal again . he look up , nod at the leader . from now on we will just refer to this 5 as the alien . at the cast table guy now sit with the other , forlorn . no fan be in line for he autograph . he watch as dusty field question from the group of dedicated fan lead by the fastidious brandon . brandon Mr. kwan ? in episode nineteen , when the reactor fuse , you use a element from Leopold six to fix the thruster . what be that call ? dusty bivrakium . brandon the blue sheath it be encase in - ? dusty a bi-thermal krevlite housing . brandon make a note , thanks he and exit with he group . guy how do you remember this stuff ? dusty oh I just make it up . use lot of '' k 's and '' v" 's . a male fan move up to gwen , hand she a picture to «ign . fan I be a big fan Ms. demarco . gwen look at the photo , nonpluss . gwen you really expect I to sign a naked picture of myself ? this be not even my body ! fan yeah , normally with fake it 's like , recycle bin . but .. this one 's really good . ( gwen sigh , start to sign ) could you not write over the ... thanks . a fan finally approach guy who look up eagerly . the fan look at he quizzically , try to place he . — — — — — 12 . guy episode 12 . ( get no reaction ) kill by the lava monster ?.. fan ( turn to Tommy ) Mr. Webber , could I get a autograph ? guy shrug , disappointed . gwen give he a comforting look , then look across at jason on he perch talk dramatically to a group of fan . jason ... on one hand , if I have move a inch , the beast would have kill I . on the other hand , my crew be in danger ... fan how do you know what to do ? jason without a crew , I be not a Captain . ( he smile ) and we all know what happen to that beast on enok 7 ... the fan make happy nerdy '' we sure do '' noise . castmember table gwen shake she head appreciatively . gwen you gotta admit , they do love he . tommy 7 almost as much as he love himself . they watch as Jason field another question from a fan . jason ... I be glad you ask ... to I the most important quality of a galaxy explorer be loyalty ... alexander ...to camera center no matter whose shot you be block ... jason Leadership .... gwen ...to make sure craft service keep that little butter cookie , and plenty of they ... 13 . jason and determination . tommy -..to play scene shirtless because the lady do love Captain furry . gwen , Alex and the other try to contain they laughter as ... closer angle - jason 's table bore with the constant query of he fan , Jason glance over to see gwen smile at he . he smile back , unaware that she mirth be at he expense . she quickly look away , self - conscious . Jason do not even take he eye off gwen as brandon step forward , he brow knit with serious matter . brandon Captain , please settle a dispute that my crew and I be have . in '' the quasar dilemma '' , the sentient have take control of the ship 's guidance system , however - Jason stand , he attention still on gwen . jason Excuse I guy . Jason exit . brandon turn to he friend , frustrated . brandon I have not even get to the relevant conundrum ... the cast table gwen answer a question from a shy nerd girl . nerd girl miss demarco ?... in episode 15 , '' cavern of delo 5 ? '' I get the feel you and the Captain kind of ... have a thing ... in the cave when you be seal off together ... do you ? gwen the Captain and I never have a thing . Jason sidle up . jason that 's she story . the nerd girl giggle and exit , leave Jason and gwen alone . gwen so decent of you to come mingle with the little people . ) 14 . jason okay , what 's up gwen ? I know you . it 's not my little fan appearance tomorrow that 's get you so piss off . what be it ? gwen where be you on Tuesday ? jason Tuesday , Tuesday ... oh , Jake 's birthday , right ... be that all you be mad about ? gwen be that all ? he do you makeup every day , put up with all you crap , never complain once and you could not take one stupid hour out of you night to toast he at he birthday ? jason I mean to but I get busy . hey , you know if Jake ever really need anything I would be there for he . I admit , I be not great with the small stuff , but with the big stuff ... gwen he die yesterday . cardiac arrest . this shut Jason up . he look a bit stunne . jason shit. Old Jake ? I be ... I be go to - gwen but you do not . ( beat ) you have this image of yourself , Jason . maybe it 's the show . maybe it 's the way you see yourself as a kid . well , I hate to break it to you , but you be not that guy . you be not the guy you think you be . jason I ... I ... Jason look stunne . he start to say something , but seem genuinely affect . he turn and walk away . gwen feel bad . gwen shit ... convention floor Jason move forward , introspective , amidst the enthusiastic fan . they all shout out question and comment to he ... but Jason push past without response and take refuge in the - men 's room Jason enter to witness the incongruous sight of four mank ' nar beast at the urinal take a mank 's nar piss . 1s . he enter a stall and sit on the lid , try to get a mdément to think . but two cynical 20 -somethings enter , laugh they ass off . cynical guy 1 you be right . what a freak show . this be frick hilarious . cynical guy 2 yeah , what a bunch of loser . and that poor actor . they have do , like , what for twenty year ? I think dusty kwan do a dog food commercial ... sad . cynical guy 1 do you hear nesmith up there ? that 's the saddest . I think he actually get off on this nerd think he 's space captain . it 's pathetic . and he friend ... cynical guy 2 ... they hate he . I know , do you hear they rag on he ? '' loyalty ... to center stage . '' cynical guy 1 he have no idea that he 's a laughingstock ... even to he buddy . they exit , they laughter ringing in Jason 's ear . convention floor - jason 's table Jason be back at he table signing autograph in a foul mood . he scribbles he name irritably , avoid contact with the fan as brandon and he group of nerd approach hin . brandon Captain , as I be say ... in '' the quasar dilemma '' , the sentient have take control of you ship 's system , and you use the auxiliary of deck b to gain control . but the CD roms of the ship guidance system indicate that the auxiliary of deck b be not tie to the main power grid , so we be wonder then where the error lie . jason {he stare at they a beat ) what 's wrong with you ? brandon Excuse I ? jason it 's a television show . okay ? that 's all . it 's just a bunch of fake set , and wooden prop , do you understand ? brandon yes but , we be wonder - 16 . jason there be no quantum flux and there be no auxiliary ... there 's no goddamn ship ! do you get it ? do you ? gwen and the other notice the commotion at the other table and exchange glance . Jason be now stand . jason ... throw away you time and energy on a tv show that 's be off the air for twenty year ! what the hell be wrong with you ? Jason notice that all eye be turn on he . the hall have become deathly quiet . angry and ashamed , he rise and exit through the hall . brandon and the fan do they best not to take this personally . Tommy turn to Alex , stunne . tommy wow . what be that ? alexander I have say for year . he 's mentally derange . convention hallway Jason stride down the hallway . as he turn the corner he run into the five alien . they leader , betzalar , pause , bow he head respectfully before address Jason . betzalar Captain , I must speak to you . I be betzalar of the theramin nebula . we have come on a matter of supreme importance ... jason not . now . he push past they and continue away down the hallway . int . jason 's bedroom Jason sit on the edge of the bed . gulp down the last of a glass of scotch . he flip channel . we pan to the television as the channel change ; late night fare .. 900 chat number ... infomercial for a flowbee .... he stop at the conclusion of a episode of galaxy quest ... Captain taggart make a heroic speech . Jason begin to mouth the word along with he alterego . captain taggart ( on tv ) as long as there be injustice , whenever a targathian baby cry out , wherever a distress signal sound among the star ... we will be there . this fine ship , and this fine crew ... 17 . 's we pan back to the bed ... Jason have pass out , body twisted face down in a pillow . fade out . int . jason's bedroom - morning Jason sleep , hungover , dead to the world . his doorbell ring . he barely move . every indication be that he 's dead . more ringing . he stir enough to groan , and drag a pillow ever he head . the ringing continue .... ext . jason be house - morning Jason open the door in he robe , droop bloodshot eye , squint of a headache ... there before he be the alien dress in they perfect galaxy quest attire . Jason stare at they , bleary eye . with earnest respectful face , the five salute he inthe classic '' galaxy quest '' style . Jason shut the door in they face . CUT to black ... ding dong ! the door open again . jason what . do . you . want ?! the leader , betzalar , step forward . speak quickly . betzalar . Sir , I understand this be a terrible breach of protocol - but please , we have come on a long journey at great risk , and I beg you to hear we plea . we be thermian from the klatu nebula . we people be be systematically hunt and slaughter by roth xhit ’ar sarris of fatu - krey . out of self preservation we have construct a duplicate of you ship , the protector , from you historical record , you computer database ... sarris , we nemesis , want the ship , he be particularly interested in the omega 13 . we be to meet in a negotiation . however we past effort in this regard have be nothing short of disastrous . the flame , the death ... ( he quickly gather himself ) you be we last hope . you leadership , you courage , you skill at negotiation and diplomacy be we only bid for survival . Jason scan he brain , then two synapse connect . jason oh , right ! the thing with the thing . my agent tell I . sorry . come on in , I ’1ll get some pants on . 18 . int . jason 's house the four alien stand on one side of the room . Jason , mostly dress , hunt under he couch for something . betzalar Captain , sir . I speak for all of we when I say that stand here in you presence be the great honor we could ever have hope to achieve in we lifetime . mostly all they can see of Jason at the moment be he butt . jason thanks , appreciate it ... anybody see my other shoe ? the other look around the room for the shoe . int . lincoln limo - day Jason enter and sit in the back with the alien . betzalar motion the driver to go . nero Sir , I be neru , senior requisition officer . before we travel to the ship , please let I know if you have any requirement . weapon , document , personnel ... jason {half awake ) I could use a Coke . one of the alien nod to the other who make a note . teb Sir , I be teb . I would like to explain the historical situation between we people and the - sarris Dominion in great detail . in the 5 million year follow the great nebula burst we people be one ... jason how about he ? do not he talk ? teb his translator be break . the fourth alien say something , but it come out a weird mix of sound . like a scream baby inside a bagpipe . jason okey doke ... so , listen , I have a late night with a kreemorian fangor Beast , so I be go to shut my eye for a bit . but keep go , I be still listen ... Jason be asleep before teb get the next sentence out . 19 . int . receiving quarter ~ protector it Jason be shake softly by the shoulder . he open he eye to see a young female crewman in galaxy quest uniform , laliari . laliari I be sorry to wake you , siz , but you presence be request on the command deck . Jason try to reorient himself as she lead he forward . int . hallway - the protector ii laliari escort Jason down the high tech hallway . Jason lock around , still hold he can of Coke . laliari Sir , sarris have move the deadline . we be approach he ship at the ni-delta now . he want a answer to he proposal . I understand you have be brief . jason yeah , I get most of it in the car . he 's the bad guy , right ? laliari yes sir he be a very bad man indeed . he have torture we scientist , put we to work in the gallium arsenide mine , capture we female for he own dement purpose ... jason . okay I have get the picture . let 's see what old sarris have to say for himself . betzalar approach with other crewmembers . betzalar - Captain ... welcome to the protector ii . would you like to don you uniform ? jason mind if we skip that ? I have to get back pretty quick for this thing in Van nuy . betzalar as you wish . another alien come run up out of breath . excite alien Sir ... it 's sarris . he 's here . int . command deck a door slide OPEN and Jason and the other enter the command deck .... it 's straight out of the tv show . 20 . blink light , console , the cool old tech display ... ' Jason look around , genuinely impressed . jason not bad . I be expect some cardboard box in a garage . they lead he to the Captain 's chair . he sit . jason I mean , I have never even see the real one all put together like this . they have shoot the master this way , then they have pull the back wall for the reverse angle and ... this thing have a cup holder ? navigator we be approach in five tick , sir . Command to slow ? Jason look toward the front window / view screen . star move past in a familiar display . jason sure , set the screen saver on two . the navigator look at he , confuse . jason sorry . sorry . do not mean to break the mood . slow to Mark 2 , lieutenant . a ship appear on the screen , grow closer . it be a menacing craft , sharp and jag , with a gargoyle shape figurehead . the ship slow to a stop , look like the Cathedral of Notre Dame . then the viewscreen fuzze to life with a image of ... sarris he 's ugly and green hued . Black sharp tooth . a metal hand ... he hiss ... there be a beat as the alien take in the sight , try to well they courage . sarris I see fear . that be expect . the whole room resonate with he voice . sarris ah , they bring a new Captain ... such a cowardly race . not even you own kind ... no matter . here be my demand , and I would suggest , Captain , that you think well before speak a word , because this negotiation be ... tender ... and if I do not like what I hear ... there will be blood and pain as you cannot imagine ... Jason take a sip of coke and check he watch . 21 . sarris first , I require the omega 13 ... second - jason ( blase , like a laundry list ) okey dokey , let 's fire blue disrupter full . Fire red disrupter full . Fire gannet magnet leave and right . Fire pulse catapult from all chute . and throw this thing at he too , killer . he hand the gunner the empty coke can , then before even wait -.- he exit ! hallway Jason emerge and look both way try to get he bearing . several of the alien chase after he as he enter the corridor , exchange stunne glance , try to absorb the magnitude of what just happen . betzalar Captain ?... where be you ... go ? jason ( shrug ) Home . betzalar you ... you mean Earth ? jason yeah . '' Earth . '' time to get back to '' Earth , '' kid . he turn a corner . Jason be oblivious to the very soft muffle sound of explosion , trace of the demolition go on outside . betzalar but Captain ... the negotiation ... you ... you ... you fire on he ! jason right. Long live ... what 's you planet ? betzalar theramin . jason Long live theramin ! take a leave here ? betzalar what if sarris survive ? jason oh , I do not think . so . I give he both barrel . betzalar he have a very powerful ship . perhaps you would like to ... wait to see the result of ... jason I would but I be really run late and the 134 's a parking lot after 2:00 . but listen , the guy give you any more trouble , just give a can . see betzalar produce a walkie talkie device for Jason . betzalar a interstellar vox . jason thanks . betzalar look he in the eye . a tear start down he cheek . he hug Jason , then shake he hand sincerely . betzalar how can we thank you , Captain . you - you have save we people . jason it be a lot of fun . you kid be great . the other shake he hand , thanking he as they enter the ... docking BAY a room with a very high circular ceiling . in the middle of the room be a number of red light disk about the size of manhole cover . the alien thank Jason , lead he onto the disk . then they depart , everybody wave they good - by . Jason realize he 's leave all alone in this strange room with no visible door . jason wait . where 's the car ? suddenly a clear cylinder rise from the circumference of the disk and deform around he , encasing he in a bullet shape container . it 's as if he 's seal in a lucite paperweight . there be only a instant to register surprise as ... the ceiling divide , open like a iris . the roar of escape oxygen , and a awe inducing rotating starfield be reveal in the expand circle ... the wall pull back around he . and Jason suddenly find himself surround by the infinite vastness of space . and before he can fully register the horror of he situation , Jason in he pod be rocketed forward into space . 23 . ext . space he hurtle forward , the acceleration impossible , faster and faster ... it 's the entire 30 minute end of 2001 in 10 second . overwhelm . a rollercoaster at light speed . the universe bend and snap like a rubber band . planet scatter in front of we like bowl pin and he quickly find himself head toward a pulsar , a undulate black hole ... toward the mass so dense it even absorb light and time ... and on impact the screen be fill with black we pull back slowly from the iris of Jason 's eye . he be now stand on the black disk in the middle of he own back yard . he stand there in shock , shivering in wave and wave from the incomprehension of what he 's just experience , unable to move from the spot . CUT to : int . brandon 's garage - tarzana - dusk cricket chirp . Inside the open garage of a suburban house sit brandon and he friend in they uniform , surround by a homemade space ship interior construct of paint cardboard box and Christmas light . brandon and he friend look very disappointed ... the Captain never show . fade out and in : ext . computer store parking lot ~- morning gwen , Alexander , Tommy , dusty and guy be in they galaxy quest uniform , perform a lame routine for the computer store 's grand open . a small crowd be gather , include brandon and he gang , inspect a mock up of the protector . gwen take it from we ... we have be all over the universe ... dusty but we have never see the space age value we have see here at ... tommy techco electronics superstore ! Alexander pause , deeply ashamed . gwen nudge he . alexander ( mumble ) by grabthar 's hammer , what a savings . a few balloon be release into the air . 24 . store entrance - later the actor hand out pamphlet and sign the occasional autograph . dusty pat Alexander 's back , who stare ahead , morose . they look up to see jason approach . his demeanor a good deal more intense and less cavalier than usual . alexander do you know what time it be ? why do you even pother to show up ? Jason open he mouth , but he 's get so much to say he can not get out a word . gwen notice he wrinkle sleep - in clothing , and wild eye . gwen Jason ... be you all right ? Jason move he lip a little more , then , unable to express himself otherwise , point to the sky , grasp for word . jason iwas there . ( a beat ) up. there . the acter exchange glance as Jason sit and lean in conspiratorially . his voice be quiet but intense . jason they come to the convention . I think they be fan , but they be not . they be from ... tommy up there ? Jason nod vigorously . jason they take I up to they ship . what they puilt ... it 's incredible ! I fight this man , this ... thing ... call sarris . I kick he ass ... they have this ... pod . one take I through a black hole . the pod generator be sitting in my back yard !... he smile crazily . he sense they disbelief . jason I know . I know what you be think . I would think so too . but I can prove it . look ! he search he pocket frantically and produce the interstellar vox . the thing blink its little red light . he motion victorious . jason see ? huh ! the other exchange glance , then produce they own interstellar vox , place they on the table . they blink just like he . jason ... yes , but have you be talk to people in outer space all morning on they ? I have ! gwen turn to Alexander . alexander I do not know . my therapist only do light neurosis . tommy I have a good freudian I see sometimes ... as the other chime in with suggestion Jason pick up he vox and push a button . a voice emit from the vox . vox voice ( 0.s. ) yes Captain . you order ? jason stand by . the other stare at the vox , silence . re have they attention . jason I be go pack up . I do not kill sarris . he 's still alive . and upset I be tell . I want you ali to come with I . it 's the opportunity of a lifetime . the chance to explore the infinite ... we will save a entire civilization . you '1 ] meet they , they be very nice ... gwen look at Jason . be look so sincere - jason gwen , you know I . I be a lot of thing , but I be not crazy . I need you to believe I . gwen look at he plead expression . a beat . then she pick up the vox and hit the switch . gwen hi ! anybody up there ? voice ( 0.s. ) where be the Captain ? gwen he 's here . this be gwen - uh , Lt. tawny madison . voice yes ! yes Lieutenant madison , ma ' be ! gwen raise a eyebrow , flatter by the enthusiasm . gwen you 's be on the ship ? right now ? you have weapon and everythisg ? 26 . voice yes . gwen then could you just , if it 's not a problem , blow something up ? not a planet or anything . just maybe a moon or asteroid ? something small so we can see where you be . voice {a long beat ) uh ... Captain ? Captain be you - Jason , smile at gwen 's smart , take the vox . jason this be the Captain . go ahead . do it . voice yes sir . right away sir .. targeting the large asteroid in the andromeda chain . detonation in five second . Three .. two ... the other look at the sky , start to get suck in . voice andromeda nine have be obliterate . they all look around . nothing seem to have happen . they all feel silly even for a moment believe something might have . jason ..- right . okay , thanks . ( switch off the vox ) they be very far away . gwen Jason ... you need help . jason no , I do not . but they do . I know how this be go to sound , but I do not care ; go up there change I . I know deep down that for once in my life , I can do something really good and really meaningful - we all can do something ... amazing ! ( he stand ) look , I realize I can not convince you with word . just come to my house at eight . you 'il see the transport pod . it look like a manhole cover , but wait ' till you see what happen ... then you can do whatever you want , okay ? he start away . Jason ... 27 . jason eight o'clock . just trust I . please trust I , just this once . the other exchange distrustful glance . parking lot Jason pull he car key out of he pocket as he turn a corner and run smack into the group of nerd lead by brandon . brandon and Jason go down , along with a armful of galaxy quest collectable . jason sorry ... brandon ( at attention ) Captain !... my apology . brandon be nudge by he friend kyle . brandon Captain ... evidently we have some miscommunication regard yesterday 's schedule voyage , and - jason sorry I be in a real hurry . he gather he thing and quickly walk to he car . the other nerd look at brandon . kyle he diss we again , brandon ! brandon ( hide he disappointment ) he probably ... have some very important business to attend to ... the other want to believe that too . other yeah ... I guess so ... they shuffle off , despondent . jason 's car Jason drive . he reach into he pocket for he vox , and hit the '' talk '' switch . jason hello ? ( no response ) protector ? betzalar ? anybody there ? 28 . ' he tap the vox , then notice a tag on the bottom that read '' property of brandon wheeger . '' he think about drive back , check he watch , then shrug and drive on . int . jason 's bedroom - night Jason 's galaxy quest uniform hang neatly on a hanger . Jason look at it for a moment , then pull it out of he closet . ina series of shot Jason button the shirt , fasten the belt , pull on the boot , attaches the Captain 's stripe ... he look at himself in the mirror for the moment . pick a piece of lint from he shirt . he turn and look at the clock . it 's 8:30 . his friend have not show . a tinge of disappointment in he face . he move to the slide glass door and look out to he backyard ... the glow transport pod disk still sit in the middle of the lawn . Jason 's eye glisten . he open the door and move forward ... int . gwen' house / alexander 's apartment - night gwen pace in she kitchen , cooking dinner . she 's on the phone with alexander . ( intercut with alexander at he apartment . he 's still in makeup , eat a sandwich . ) gwen God , I do not know , Alex . I should have go over . he practically begge . I feel lousy . alexander do not . he 's not crazy . it 's just a desperate bid for attention . gwen do you see the look in he eye ? he look , I do not know ... like he be a kid again . alexander - that 's what he be , a big kid . let I tell you something , gwen , he need to grow up .... and I will tell you something else ... _.. as Alexander continue to rant on about Jason , gwen 's attention be draw to the television . on the tv a starfield image ... the tv science reporter circle a brightly color area of light on the image . a NASA animation show a asteroid explode and disappear . science reporter ... scientist be at a loss to explain this explosion in space but as this hubble photograph show , it be spectacular ... : 29 . gwen ( intense ) Channel four . alexander what ? gwen turn_on Channel four . reporter .-- the asteroid , large in a chain call andromeda nine , be completely vaporize in a explosion so bright it could even be view by the naked eye this evening , yet distant enough that it take a estimate four hour for the light from the phenomenon to reach the earth ... gwen watch , jaw drop to the floor . alexander there 's a logical explanation . gwen it 's true ... it happen , it really ... wait , that be I ! I blow up a asteroid , Alex ! alexander now gwen , get ahold of yourself ... this sort of thing happen every day ... supernovas , planetary anomaly ... gwen he say the name . andromeda nine ! how many andromeda nine get blow up every - then suddenly something that look like a meteor plunge out of the sky and land in gwen 's back yard . it happen so fast that she barely register it . but sit on she patio be a glow disk , like the one at Jason 's house . alexander gwen ?... gwen ?... hypnotize , gwen walk toward the door and go into she ... backyard she move toward the pod generator . it glow more brightly as she approach . alexander ( cont have ) Three 's a logical explanation , gwen ... alexander 's apartment Alexander see a identical streak in the sky , and a glow pod disk appear right on he balcony . alexander what the hell ?- gwen you have one too . you do , do not you ? alexander I ... I ... what be it ? where do it come from ?.. gwen he send they down for we ... what do he call it ? a pod transport ?... alexander oh gwen , you can not be serious . now - unable to resist , she take a step forward onto the disk ... we see a blinding flash of light . her phone fall to the ground . alexander 's apartment Alexander stand next to the pod on he balcony ... alexander gwen ? gwen ? oh , I see . just like the old day . you and Jason pull prank on the humorless Brit . Alexander look at the glowing , beckone disk ... alexander ( cont have ) I suppose you have you camcorder hide somewhere . Fine , where be it ? I all play it to camera ... he take a step toward the disk . ext . alex' driveway tommy and guy walk up to the front door call for Alex . tommy Alex ? be you here ? we be over at marlo 's and on tv we see ... Alex , where be you ? they open the door just as ... in the background on the balcony alexander step onto the disk and in a flash , the transparent pod form around he sealing he in and explode away at light speed . Tommy and guy close the door , completely unaware . tommy Alex ? you here ? Alex ?.. guy what the hell be that thing ? the pod generator glow on the patio ... int . dusty 's apartment Pan up from bare legs drip water on the carpet to dusty kwan in a bathrobe straight from the shower . he gaze curiously at the glowing disk sit in the middle of he live room .... and then look up to see layer of perfectly round hole burn through five level of he apartment building through to the sky ... he scratch he chin , thoughtfully , in he calm unflappable way . smash CUT to : int . usea protector docking station pod BAY - deep space we pan from a blink panel in a grey room of the spaceship ... the room light brilliantly with a flash . then another flash ... we continue panning to find ... gwen , alexander and guy stand on the ship' pod platform , newly arrive from they horrifying journey from Earth . they stand paralyze , shiver , white as ghost . suddenly a streak of light appear through a hatch in the ceiling and a pod arrive right next to they , open up to reveal tommy . he stand , horrify and tooth chatter like the rest . they look like a bunch of horrify bowl pin all face toward ... a metal hatch Beyond it they register the SOUND of wet footstep grow closer ... they eye widen as they see the far door open revealing a group of S horrible tentacled alien monster ! the monster come toward they , the sound from they drool mouth a horrible scream cacophony . they surround we terrify visitor , tinkering with device around they , they tentacles fly everywhere . then one of the monster look down at a mechanism on he belt and turn to the other monster sheepishly . monster # 1 oops . crewmen , you skin ! activate you E - skin ! the monster all flip switch on they belt they form become human , uniform as ship 's technician . technician # 1 we most sincere apology ! we forget about we appearance generator . then jason appear in the doorway , a big warm smile on he face . jason guy ! you come !... they stand there , still paralyze and terrify . jason okay , who want the grand tour ? guy be now relaxed enough to let out the loudest most genuine scream you have ever hear in you life . a beat . jason okay , guy ... anybody else ? then another streak of light , and dusty appear alongside the other in he bathrobe . as he pod retract into the floor , he step off of the disk , unaffected , and walk past the other . dusty now that be a hell of a thing . ( to Jason , motion to other ) what 's wrong with they ? Jason smile . nothing get to dusty . int . protector docking structure - hallway Jason lead gwen , Alexander , Tommy , guy and dusty down the hall . they shuffle forward like recent hospital release , look around silent and dumbfounded at they surroundings ( everyone but dusty , who take everything in stride . ) they shake they limb a little as they walk . jason that 's right ... just keep shaking it out ... weird feel go through that black hole , be not it ? like somebody turn you inside out set the blender on puree and pour you into a wall socket , be I right ? tommy wh ... where be we ? jason twenty third quadrant of gamma sector . do not ask I . I can show you on a map . then betzalar appear come down the hall with a small group of alien . he have a warm smile on he face . betzalar welcome my friend ! I be betzalar . on behalf of my people I wish to thank you from the deep place in we heart . re reach out to shake they hand , one at a time , with nod of deep respect . betzalar Dr. lazarus ... Lt. madison . tech sgt. chen ... Lt. laredo ... he look at guy quizzically , not sure who he be . guy '' crewman # 6 '' ... call I guy. 33 . gwen you ... know we ? betzalar ( soft laugh ) I do not believe there be a man , woman or child on my planet who do not . in the year since we first receive you ship 's historical document , we have study , discuss and debate every facet of you mission , technology and strategy . alexander historical document ? betzalar yes . eighteen year ago we receive transmission of the first . it continue for four year , and then stop , as mysteriously as it come ... tommy you have be watch the sho - ( he 's nudge by Jason ) the historical record ... out here ? betzalar yes , I be ashamed to say , but in the last hundred year we society have fall into disarray . we goal , we value have become scattered . but since the transmission we have model many aspect of we society from you example , and it have save we . you courage , teamwork , optimism and resourcefulness . in fact , all you see around you now , come from the lesson laid out in the historical document . gwen that be why you build this ship ? guy it 's ... incredible . jason oh this ? no , this be not the ship . this be only the star port for the ship . - {a twinkle in he eye ) you want to see the ship ? he lead they to a large square window , block by a opaque shield , and push a button . slowly with a rumble the shield slide aside way revealing ... a magnificent and breathtaking view of the enormous ship , the usea protector docked in front of they ... they all gawk at the amazing sight , they eye wide like child . 34 . alexander it 's real . oh my god , it 's real . gwen all this from watch the .. historical record ? betzalar yes , and from you supplementary technical document , of course ... he motion to another alien who withdraw a number of brightly color book and box from a backpack , and pass they around . the actor look through the material ... they be various fan book and entertainment software bear such title as '' the official galaxy quest blueprint : usea protector '' and '' virtual galaxy quest : the cdrom experience . '' the actor exchange glance and then ... ..- Tommy begin to giggle . Alex look at he , at the fan stuff , then out at the enormous ship , and he begin to laugh too ... the other join in ... gwen ... guy ... laugh like maniac , hysterical , disbely laughter , the giant ship hang outside in infinite space in the background . the alien join in too , out of joyfulness , and Jason stand there smile , a proud papa , as the laughter echoes through the cosmos . int . dock transport tube - later a clear transport tube run from the docking structure to the ship . Inside everyone can get a good look at the space panorama as they approach the ship . the view be breathtaking . guy so you people do not actually ... look the way you look ... right ? betzalar no . this device on we belt simulate a appearance more familiar to you , as well as translate we language to yours . we have find from earlier visit to Earth , that we true appearance can be ... distracting . the actor wave this off ... '' no , you look great ... fabulous ... '' one of the alien , nex , motion out the window to Tommy . nex Lt. laredo . it may interest you to see that we have mount a additional proton afterburner over the aft proton vent . we feel it improve navigational stability . we hope it do not offend . 35 . tommy well , I 'il have to try it out before I can comment . nex we look forward to it . you skill be legendary . the other turn to stare at Tommy . he just shrug as the vehicle come to a stop , lock at the ship 's hatch . int . ship - corridor the group walk down the corridor , peek into various room , more amaze every second . jason that 's the medical quarter to the leave ... weapon storage ... maintenance facility ... as they pass each room , the crewmembers inside salute . jason the main barrack ... two hundre crewmen rise to attention . Jason salute back . jason at ease man . gwen ( look at Jason , shake she head ) like throw gasoline on a fire ... int . generator room the group enter . the centerpiece to the room be a large pulsate orb . when the orb dim , we see its surface have a rocky texture , like a large boulder . many crewmen scurry about tend to the surround measurement device . betzalar the generator room .... we carbonite sphere , of course ... I hope , tech sergeant chen , that this meet with you approval . dusty Fine ... very nice and ... tidy . Three younger crewmen approach and whisper to betzalar . they argue a bit , then betzalar reticently approach dusty . betzalar I be sorry to ask this of you so shortly after you arrival . but member of we reactor staff have a question they find most press . dusty well certainly ... what be it , son ? 36 . tech # 1 Sir , we have have unexplain proton surge in we delta core . they can not be verify on the sub frequency spectrum , but they appear on the valence detector when scan the carbonite sphere . we be unable to resolve this problem and be hope you would be able to advise we . everyone turn to dusty who take a deep breath . dusty uh huh ... I see ... well , that 's a puzzler be not it ?... a textbook puzzler ... the other watch , wonder what he will say . then dusty turn to one of the tech with a air of authority . dusty ++. you . nervous tech yes sir ? dusty ( testy ) I have not get all day . what might account for this phenomenon ? nervous tech perhaps ... the valence bond have shift ? dusty yes ... and therefore ?... nervous tech therefore the bond molecule have become covalent ? dusty 7 and if this be the case , how would you remedy it ?... nervous tech ( smile , figure it out ) introduce a bond substrate ! a two molecule compound share a free electron apiece and bombard the ion with they reflective isotope ! dusty smile , give he a wink . dusty now you have get it . the other tech grin , astonished . tech # 1 of course ! it 's so obvious ! 37 , tech # 2 sergeant chen , you be ... amazing ! dusty wave off the praise modestly . betzalar shoot a look to nex as if to say '' we be in good hand here . '' betzalar now I suggest that you go to you cabin and rest before we take the ship out of dock . he clap he hand and a group of alien arrive to meet they . betzalar this crewmen will escort you to quarter . int . hallway Alex 's young escort , quellek , lead he down the hall . quellek Dr. lazarus ... I hope that I be not breach protocol but .. I be so very humble to stand in you presence ... I have study you mission extensively ... though I be thermian , I have live my life by you philosophy , by the code of the mak’tar . alexander well good , that 's very ... nice . quellek ( emotional ) by grabthar 's Hammer , Dr. lazarus , i- alexander do not do that . I be not kid . quellek ( bewilder ) - I '' sorry , sir , I be only - alexander just do not . quellek +-.. yes sir . ( they come to a stop ) you quarter sir . int . alex 's quarter quellek open the door and they enter . the room be a grey square completely barren . alexander this be it ? 38 . quellek yes sir . marvelous , be not it ? completely distractionless . alexander where 's my bed ? quellek push a button and five large spike rise from the floor . quellek just as on you home planet , sir . if I may say , it take I three year to master the spike , but now I sleep with a peace I never think possible ... Alexander point to a door . alexander be that the bathroom ? quellek yes sir ... ( Alex move to the door ) the use of you waste facility be strangely absent from the historical record , so we have to extrapolate purely on the basis of you anatomy . int . alex 's bathroom they enter . Alex look down at a thing that look more like a torture device than a toilet , with elaborate tube and stirrup and plug go everywhere . quellek you be quite complicated , sir . Alex stare at the thing , despairingly . int . tommy 's quarter Tommy 's escort sed hand over various weapon to grin Tommy . sed here be you ion shield . you vox . you molecular disrupter ... we know you prefer a sensitive trigger . if there be anything else you require ? tommy uh , no , I be good . thanks . ( sed start to exit ) oh wait . here you go . Tommy stuff a couple of buck into sed 's hand . sed look at the tip , perplex , and exit . 39 . int . gwen 's cabin a exotic and beautiful room . gwen be change into she galaxy quest uniform . there 's a knock on the door . jason ( 0.s. ) it 's Jason ... gwen one minute , I be - ( he enter ) hey , I be dress ! jason oh come on , it 's not like I have not - she glare . he turn he back while she finish dress . gwen okay . she turn . they just look at each other for a moment . gwen break out into a smile , try to find the word . jason yeah , I know . - gwen , I just can not believe it . any of it ! look at on this room !.. they design it base on the tauran pleasure ship from '' historical document '' thirty seven . ( look at a mirror ) oh and wait , wait , listen to this ! ( look up ) Computer ? computer '' yes ? gwen what 's the weather like outside ? computer there be no weather in space . gwen I never get tired of that joke . jason let I try . Computer ? ( no response ) Computer ?... gwen only answer to I . jason that 's ridiculous . I be the Captain . Jason 40 . gwen on the show I talk to the computer and repeat what it say . so that 's what they build . jason Computer ? computer ? gwen Computer ? computer yes ? gwen osingsong , teasing Jason ) I can talk to the compuuuuter and youuuu caaaa not ... smile . gwen so when be you go to tell they ? the alien . jason tell they ? about ... gwen who we be . do not you think they be go to be pissed ? jason I be net go to tell they . gwen well you have to tell they . what if something happen ? something dangerous . jason then we will take care of it . gwen '' we will take care of it . '' listen to you . we be actor . we be not astronaut , we be not adventurer ... we pretend . we do not even write the script ! jason look , this people be depend on we . they have structure they whole life base on the show . I be not go to be the one to bring they entire civilization crash down just because of a little thing call the truth . gwen you want to play space man . jason they have a problem . we can help they . 41 . gwen be you nut ? we can not do this stuff ! jason it 's not the STUFF . the STUFF be not the thing ... I mean , anybody can learn the STUFF ... the important thing be commitment . 99 % of anything be just commit to it . gwen 99 % of acting be commitment . acting . stella adler never manned a neutron cannon , she teach acting ... fason secretly you agree with I . gwen secretly you know thing about I be so smug I just wane to smack you right in you smug little - jason do we have to always fight on the spaceship ? gwen Computer do we always have to fight on the spaceship ? computer this be not require . gwen well . jason well . they smile at each other . gwen look around , giddy . gwen we be in space . a crewman appear in the doorway . crewman Sir , betzalar request you presence on the command deck . int . hallway Jason and gwen turn a corner and join up with Tommy , Alexander and guy . they keep walk toward the command deck . tommy what 's go on ? jason I think we be go to exit the space port . 42 . guy that should be something to see ... int . command deck they enter and gawk at the familiar hub , wait for the show to start ... not realize they be the show . betzalar if you would all take you position , we can exit the space port . the actor oh , right ... US ! yes , of course ... US ! they take they position , marvel at the familiar control panel in front of they . Tommy turn to guy . tommy look .. this thingy ... I remember I have it all work out ... this be forward , this be back ... betzalar Captain , some of the crew have request to be present at this historic event . betzalar motion and a few crewmen enter , follow by a dozen more ... follow by fifty more . they stand around the periphery of the room , watch eagerly . tommy fwhisper to guy ) no pressure , huh ? glad I be not the Captain . captain okay , laredo , take she out . everyone in the room turn they attention to Tommy . his sarcastic smile drop . he look mortify . tommy Excuse I ? jason they design the ship from watch you . so ... take she out , Lieutenant ... Tommy stare down at he control panel . it 's pretty self explanatory , a throttle and a circular dial for direction . but daunt nonetheless , tommy right . okay , yeah , sure . everyone 's eye be glue to he as he move the throttle forward slightly . the engine come to life , a massive exhilate sound . Tommy giggle nervously . 43 . his hand tremble as he push the throttle further . the ship start to move . gwen and the other exchange worried glance . tommy oh god . oh my god .... ext . ship you can feel the weight of the giant craft as it ease forward , slide through the side of the dock . int . command deck everyone watch the forward monitor . Tommy turn the navigation dial slowly . guy whisper to he ... guy more to the leave ... stay parallel ... tommy hey , you want to drive ? ext . STAR dock indeed , the ship be slightly off course ... it 's like try to get out of a tight parking space with concrete wall to either side . and the ship be veer ever so slightly into one of the wall . int . command deck Tommy turn the dial to correct ... but it look like the momentum might carry the ship into the wall anyway ... Tommy pegs the dial to the leave ... the other hold they breath as the bow of the ship move closer and closer to the wall ... will it correct in time ? it move a hair 's width next to the wall ... then ... it touch . the sound of a soft but high pitch scraaaaaaaape . tommy oh shit . 7 ext . STAR dock the ship be stop , just graze the wall ever so slightly . int . command deck all eye be on Tommy . he do not know what to do ... should he continue forward , or back up , and scrape again for sure ? the classic parking lot dilemma , magnify by ten thousand . Tommy grasp the throttle and move it slightly forward ... scraaaaaaape . he keep go , in too deep to back out now ... and the ship continue to scraaaaape for a couple of horrible second as it complete the curve ... .-. and then it be free . the beautiful craft glide slowly out to open space ... Jason and the other let out a sigh of relief . jason very good Lieutenant . forward Mark two ... 44 , Tommy smile , relieved . he push throttle to the * 2 '' . tommy Mark two , Captain . ext . ship the ship glide out to space , only a relatively minor scrape of the paint job to show for the incident . int . dine hall the crew and various alien sit around the large table , eat a extravagant meal . betzalar make a toast . betzalar to we brave guest . few in this universe have the opportunity to meet they heroes . we be bless to count ourselves among they . everyone clink glass . quellek clink glass with Alexander , brim with admiration . tek turn to Tommy . tek we be sorry about the instrumentation , Lt. laredo . obviously there must have be a alignment problem in the steerage mechanism . tommy yes , well .. as long as it do not happen again . tek how be you enjoy you food , Lt. madison ? gwen oh it 's fantastic . french be my favorite . tek yes , we programe the food sythesizer for each of you base on the regional menu of you birthplace . ( turn to Alexander ) be you enjoy you kep-mok bloodtick Dr. lazarus ? Alexander , miserable , toy with a bowl of live insect swim in a disgustingly vomit-textured broth . alexander just like mother use to make . he push the bowl away , nauseate . alexander tell I , betzalar , this character we be fly to meet ... sarris ... what be it he want exactly ? 45 . betzalar for year , sarris have plunder the resource of we planet : we people , we technology . we build this ship in order to find a new planet to settle . one far away from sarris . we be not a people accustom to confrontation . we be scientist . this ship be we salvation . a tick jump off of Alexander 's spoon back into the soup . betzalar but sarris find out about we plan just as we have complete construction of the protector ii . he hear about the device ... the omega 13 . guy the omega 13 ... why do that sound so familiar ?... gwen the lest footage . at the convention . the mysterious device in we last episo -- historical document . tommy what be it ? what do it do ? betzalar we do not know . gwen but ... you build one , right ? tek we build ... something .. from the blueprint and what reference we could find on you internet ... we computer neural net make educate guess in area we be uncertain . so there be actually much about the device we do not even understand . we be hope you could enlighten we . jason well , it 's ... this be a device we ... he look around for someone to help he . gwen just shrug . jason ... discover on a alien planet . we do not know what it do either . tommy why do not you just turn it on , and see what it do ? tek it have at its core a reactor capable of generate unthinkable energy . ( more ) 46 . tek ( cont have ) . ' if we be mistaken in we construction by even the slight calculation , the device would act as a molecular explosive , cause a chain reaction that would obliterate all matter in the universe . tommy right , maybe nix on the turn it on thing then . jason betzalar ?... have sarris see the ... historical record ? betzalar no , thank God he have not . jason then how do he find out about the device ? betzalar we former Captain be not ... strong . betzalar look down , somber . jason former Captain ? betzalar I be sorry . you deserve to be show . he nod to a crewman who push a button and a wall panel move aside to reveal a large viewscreen . a image appear on the screen with a lot of static , and the sound cut in and out .. betzalar the tape be partially demagnetize as it be smuggle off of sarris 's ship . but through the static we can make out a image : the former captain , im alien form , be strapped to a metal board . each of he wrist and ankle be secure with mechanical device and twisted in different direction . betzalar qriginally , one of we own people try to ead ... in the image sarris stand over the alien with a control panel . sarris ( on monitor ) be that all ? you have no more to confess to I ? no ? after three day of this you still require incentive ? sarris move switch on the panel . the device pull at the alien 's limb , twist they horribly . Bones crackle . a7. alien captain ( on monitor ) I say again ... I have tell you all I know ! to my shame , I have tell you everything . you must believe I . sarris I do believe you . alien captain then if you have any mercy within you , please , let I die . sarris oh I shall , I shall ... when I grow weary of the noise you make , my little plaything , he assure , you shall die ... sarris toy with he control panel . mercifully the screen fuzze up with static and we can only hear the bone chill scream ... we pan around the table , past gwen , alexander , tommy , guy ... they mouth open in horror as they watch the screen . camera stop on jason . he stare , the blood drain from he face . int . hallway the actor walk quickly down the hallway behind Jason , panicked . gwen we be leave , Jason . we be leave now . jason let I think . I need time to think . tommy no , Jason , that 's a wrap ! there 's nothing to think about ! guy listen , I be not even suppose to be here . I be just crewman # 6 . I be expendable . I be the guy in the episode who die to prove that the situation be serious ! I be leave now . jason okay ... okay ... betzalar come run up , look distress . betzalar Captain ... jason betzalar , I need you to prepare pod for my crew . they be go to return to Earth . gwen we ? what about you ? 48. jason I be stay . gwen Jason ... betzalar begging you Captain 's pardon , sir , but we cannot launch pod at the moment . sarris will certainly detonate any object leave the ship . ( beat ) yes sir , he 's here now . you presence be require on the command deck . everyone react , alarmed , and we cot to : int . command deck the actor enter follow by betzalar . the command deck be empty . gwen there 's nobody here . jason betzalar , maybe we should get some of you crew up here . betzalar I thank you for you consideration to we pride , but while my people be talented scientist we attempt to operate we own technology under simulation have be disastrous ... he lean over to gwen 's computer station as she sit , and push a button . betzalar I have raise sarris on zeta frequency . G great . thanks . jason still , betzalar , you crew may nonetheless be helpful in certain - but he be interrupt by the sight of sarris appear on the large viewscreen . sarris now wear a metal eyepatch , and have a ioeng scar across he cheek . sarris we meet again Captain . the crew stare at sarris . he 's a frightening thing to behold . 49 . jason yes ... hi sarris ... how be you do ? sarris better than my Lieutenant . he fail to activate ship 's neutron armor as quickly as I no hope on we last encounter . he bring into view a stake with the impale head of he former Lieutenant . jason right . well ... listen , I be ( laugh ) I be sorry about that whole ... thing .. before . it be kind of a misunderstanding . I be sure we can work this out like reasonable people ... how 's the nmotion to he eyepatch ) ..- that go to heal up ? God , I hope so , I feel just awful about that . sarris deliver the device now or I will destroy you ship . jason listen , I no like to , but frankly .. I be not even sure where it be , or even ... sarris you have ten second . jason all right . you get it . you win . i’1l deliver it now . just give I a moment to set it up . Jason motion to gwen for she to cut the transmission . gwen nod . jason all right , now nobody panic , I have deal with this guy before and believe I , he 's as stupid as he be ugly . gwen Jason .. Jason we be go to fire everything we have get at he , all right ? gwen jason ... Jason you just keep push that button , that there , send everything at he , okay ? guy look at the button . they have icon of the armament on they . 50 . guy okay . jason all right . put I back on with he . gwen I be try to tell you . you be on with he . sarris perhaps I be not as stupid as I be ugly , Captain . Jason turn to gwen horrify . jason I make the CUT the line gesture . you nodd okay ! gwen I think it be the '' we be dead '' gesture ! I be agree ! like I know where the hold button be ??? jason ( nervous jovial ) listen , sarris , you can not blame I for try ... sarris of course not ... guy guy ... Red thingy move toward the green thingy . Red thingy move toward the green thingy ! jason what ? 7 guy motion to the radar screen . the red blip be about to impact . guy I think we be the green thingy . sarris a present for you , Captain . captain shit. turn. gun it ! get out of - the ship be pounded by a torpedo blast . now , unlike the '' run back and forth '' shake - the-camera explosion of the tv show , the result here be jarringly brutal , like side - slamm a hummer at 70mpg . the entire crew go flying from they position and into the wall . the light flicker . they exchange glance , for the first time , bona fide fear in they eye . this be real . sl . then another blast send they crumpled against wall and ' ob : ect like rag doll . the pain be palpable as they try to get back to they station . jason we have gotta get out of here ! Tommy look at the sparkling map of light on he dash . tommy where ? alexander anywhere ! jason just go ! go ! dammit punch go ! Tommy punch the big red button . they all hold on for dear life as the ship roar forward , across the path of sarris 's ship . gwen they be turn . they be coming . a explosion rock the ship . computer we be sustain structural damage . gwen guy , we be sustain structural damage !... jason faster Tommy . get we out of here . Tommy push on the throttle as another explosion impact . tommy it 's as far as it go . guy they be still behind we ... another explosion . jason we should have a turbo . I be always say '' activate turbo thruster '' , right ?... tommy could be this . jason push it . hold it down . he push the turbo . the ship roar forward and begin to vibrate . computer the enemy be match velocity . $ 2. gwen the enemy be match velocity . alexander we hear it the first time ! gwen shit ! I be do it ! I be repeat the damn computer ! suddenly a image of dusty down in the generator room appear on the side viewscreen . he 's take it all in stride . dusty hi guy . listen , they be tell I that the generator will not take it , the ship 's break apart and all that . just fyi . the viewscreen go black . alexander we have get to stop ! jason we stop we die . keep hold the thruster down Tommy . alexander you do not hold a thruster down ! it 's for quick boost ! jason like you know ? the ship begin to groan and creak . then a loud klaxon go off . gwen I remember that sound ! that 's a very bad sound ! Jason look forward . in the distance be a amorphous hazy Mass ... jason maybe we can lose they in that cloud . they roar forward . gwen I do not think that 's a cloud ... as they approach , the '' cloud '' reveal itself to actually be thousand upon thousand of slowly rotating cube . jason betzalar ? what be that ? betzalar it 's the tothian mine field leave stand from the great War of 12185 . $ 3 . alexander mine ? oh lovely ! gwen the ship be gain ... Jason turn to Tommy . jason do you best , Tommy ... Tommy grip he control . tommy oh god ... the first mine hit , rocking the ship ... boom ! Tommy swerve to avoid it , run into another mine . then another . Tommy could not do worse if he be aim for they . alexander could you possibly try ( boom ! ) not to hit ( boom ! ) every ( boom ! ) single ( boom ! ) one ! ( boom ! ) tommy they be drift toward I ... I think they be magnetic !... ext . ship the ship hurtle forward through the mine field , take considerable damage as the mine impact . piece of the ship fall off behind it ... int . command deck jason we be almést through ... come on ... hold ... the ship be now vibrate horribly . it groans and creak then ... rivet start to pop ! deadly projectile hurtle across the command deck like bullet . alexander we have to stop ! gwen just slow it down a little ! jason no ! we 're almost through ! alexander don ’t be insane , stop ! full stop ! jason keep go ! keep go ! 54 . tommy what do I do ? what do T po ? and then suddenly , a horrible metal grinding noise and ..... the vibrate stop . alexander what 's happen ? tommy there 's no power ... the engine be dead . we be drift . they exchange horrify glance . jason be they behind we ? gwen check the radar . gwen no , I do not think so ... wait . they be not but ... something be . ( beat ) oh my god . they look out the rear view screen to see ... two dozen magnetic mine bear down on they in a cluster . jason down ! they barely have time to brace themselves as the ship be rocked by wave of explosion . they hit the floor and try to ride it out . it 's brutal ... ext . ship the last of the mine explode and the ship be send tumble lifelessly end over end through space . the exterior light be dark . the once shiny hull now blacken and rag . int . command deck the deck look dead and empty . smoke be in the air . the light be dim . the siren have stop . it 's completely silent . the crew slowly emerge from behind panel and equipment , bruise and bloody . Jason move to gwen . jason be you all right ? she nod , slowly rise . he turn to betzalar . betzalar I be fine . jason Tommy ? guy ? 55 . they hear a groan . Tommy be crumpled against the wall , he arm twisted impossibly . gwen and Jason move to he . he 's in agony . tommy it 's break ... oh God ... oh God ... he wince in pain as betzalar help he to he foot . betzalar I all take he to medical quarter . they exit , limping . Alexander rise , move past Jason . blood trickle down he forehead . alexander ( mock tone ) '' go into the cloud !... '' gwen Alex ? where be you go ? alexander I be go to try to find a drink . he exit . the other turn to Jason , they face sooty , they clothing tear and bloody . int . ship strategy room the crew sit around the room , lick they wound . Alexander nurse a blue beverage . Tommy examine a high tech metallic cast on he arm . the computer list off a endless damage report . computer ..- forward thruster shaft , 87 % damage ... Left vector guard , 96 % damage ... level 5 structural breach in quadrant 32 , 34 , 40 , 43 , 58 ... jason and the engine ? gwen Computer , what about we engine ? why do not we have power ? computer the carbonite sphere have fracture under stress . damage to carbonite sphere irreparable . New source of carbonite must secure . tommy oh great . there 's no spare on the ship ? guy fe do not have one on the show , so they do not ere . tommy --- Hell , even my yugo come with a spare . 56 . alexander ( to Jason ) you break the ship ! you break the bloody ship ! I tell you you do not hold down a turbo . you push it once , maybe twice for a boost but you bon 's t hold it . suddenly the door open and seven alien enter , lead by betzalar . they look very serious . guy exchange a '' uh oh '' glance with Tommy ... but the alien fall to one knee , lowering they head . betzalar a thousand apology . we have fail you . the actor exchange surprised glance . jason you what ?.. what be you talk about ? betzalar we have see you victorious in much more desperate situation . the fault must lie with we , with the ship , with we engineering ... jason no , no ... it be we , betzalar . listen ... we be ... we be ... we be not the people you think we be . betzalar I do not understand ... gwen betzalar , do not you have television on you planet ? movie ? Plays ? betzalar the historical document of you culture ... yes , in fact we have begin to document we own history , from you example .. gwen no not historical document ... they be not all historical document ... I mean ... surely you do not think gilligan 's Island be a ... betzalar and the other exchange sad glance ... betzalar that poor people ... tommy ( roll he eye ) hoo boy ... gwen you culture do not have any form of Drama ? of theater ? make believe ? s7 . betzalar and the other exchange quizzical look . gwen do no one on you planet behave in a way that be contrary to what they be in reality ? betzalar you be speak of the use of deception ? lies ? gwen well , sort of , I suppose ... betzalar we have become aware of this concept only recently . in we dealing with sarris . often we have find that sarris will say one thing , and do another . promise we mercy and deliver destruction . it perplex we at first . we people be builder , designer , we work together to create , not to destroy . this concept of deception and lie have no worth in we society . but with sarris , yes , we have begin to learn they meaning ... at some great cost . but if you be say that any of you could possibly have trait in common with sarris ... he start to laugh , and the other alien join in . betzalar you be we protector ... we heroes . you will save we . Jason open he mouth , but be not sure what to say ... suddenly a viewscreen light and we see dusty on the monitor from down in the generator room . dusty ( on screen} hey Captain . listen , we detector have pick - up a source of carbonite on a nearby planet . what do you think about the idea of rigging the aft solar distributor in a parallel matrix and configure for negative propulsion ? it will not be a rocket ride , but it should get we there . jason ( impressed ) I ... well , uh ... yes , absolutely ! dusty turn to two young tech next to he . dusty correct ! gold star for you and a gold star for you ... he lick and stick two sticky gold star on the wrist of two beam alien tech . 58 . ext . ship the ship lumber slowly forward . in the distance we see the swirl globe of a colorful and mysterious planet . int . surface pod BAY - later Jason , gwen , Tommy and guy enter the small surface pod . quellek , Alexander 's protege , step forward , hand Alex a device . quellek Dr. lazarus , here be you surface mapper . I have programe it to the coordinate of a carbonite sphere of sufficient density . alexander thanks . quellek ( emotional ) good luck on you mission , sir. by grabthar 's Hammer , by the sun of warvan I wish you - alexander ( hold up a warning finger ) uh uh ! what do we talk about ? quellek right ... sorry , sir . int . surface pod Tommy pilot the craft . out the window the pod approach the planet . it 's a amazing sight , a blue sky with red cloud . Three sun hang in the horizon . guy look out the window nervously . guy I change my mind . I want to go back . alexander after the big fuss you make about not get leave behind on the ship ? guy yeah , but that 's when I think maybe I be the crewmember that stay on the ship and something be up there and it kill I , but now I be think I be the guy who get kill by some monster five minute after we land on the planet . it make perfect sense ... jason guy , you be not go to get kill on the planet , okay ? guy oh , I be not ? I be not ? then what 's my last name ? 53 . jason you last name ? guy yeah , what be it ? jason it 's ... I do not know . guy no. nobody do . do you know why ? because my character be not important enough for a last name . because I be go to die five minute in , why bother to come up with a last name for I ? gwen guy , you have a last name . we just do not know to guy De i? doi ? for all you know I be just '' crewman 6 " ! ( hysterical ) okay , it 's fleegman ! guy fleegman ! there ! now I be a whole person ! I can not die ! fleegman ! they can ’t kill I now , can they ? can they ? Jason slap he . guy see ? I be the hysterical guy who need to be slap , and then I die ! alexander ( look around with a sigh ) be we there yet ? ext . surface pod the pod make its way toward the surface , and land softly . int . pod everyone applaud , compliment Tommy on the landing . Tommy look away , shame . tommy autopilot . everyone look away , disappointed . ext . planet surface - day hard rain beat down on the pod . the five exit the craft and look around . Alexander check he mapper . 60 . alexander it 's this way ... ( they start forward ) wait ... no ... that way . they all turn and head the opposite direction . guy you have it upside - down , do not you ? alexander shut up . tommy you know , with the makeup and everything , I actually believe he know he ass from a gopher hole for a second ... gwen I too ! we pull back to see the landscape around they . it 's a marvel , huge crystal formation and gleam mountain surround they . ext . crystal planet - valley - later the rain pour mercilessly as they move through a valley . lightn flash on the horizon . they continue forward . ext . crystal planet - incline - later they move up a moderate grade as the rain abate . Soft earth squish under they boot . guy lock down to see tiny bud beginning to peek up through the dirt , grow like time lapse photography . he bend over and reach out to touch one bud as it open its petal revealing ... row tiny little teeth . and suddenly it thrust forward and chomp down on guy 's finger . guy yelp , try to withdraw he finger , but it 's get a good grip . guy see ?! I told you ! five minute ! Alexander crush the plant underfoot , shaking he head . guy suck on he bleed finger as they continue on . ext . planet - valley pass they continue up a grade , and cloud pass over the sun in the sky , darken the horizon . gwen more rain ? tommy more something ... indeed the cloud look peculiar ... like icy crystalline structure float in the sky . suddenly there be a crash of thunder and it begin to rain solid freeze projectile ... 61 . hundred of stalactite fall like knife from the sky . Jason tackle Tommy , push he aside just as one of the projectile impact . it would have cut he in half . jason take cover ! there ! they all run toward a cliff face dot with cave and overhang .... everyone scatter to the cave close to they . int . crystalline cave Jason and gwen enter from outside ... the room glow with shiny green and pink crystal ... jason I guess we will have to wait it out . they sit and watch the freeze rain fall and melt into pool outside for a long moment ... then simultaneously they get the same think . they turn to each other ... jason and gwen episode 23 . '' the cavern of delo 5 . '' jason '' it 's not we , tawny ... it 's this cave , they have some strange power over we ... " gwen '' oh , Captain , I could never reveal my true feeling until now ... '' jason * resist it , tawny ... resist it ! it 's just the cave talk ! be strong ! '' she move over to he melodramatically . gwen '' kiss I Captain ? oh , please , kiss I ... '' they laugh at the dumb dialogue . there 's a awkward pause as Jason think about really kissing gwen . but she move away before it become a issue . jason we always have fun , do not we ? gwen well they do . I be not so sure about we ... jason oh , come on . we have good time . remember when we mic have Alex in he trailer ? remember the space monkey in Tommy 's locker ? ( a beat ) remember up in the catwalk between lighting setup ?... 62 . gwen sure , on the set we be great . but off the set ... jason we have plenty of good time off the set ... there be the time I ... there be that time we ... remember at the beach house we ... gwen fought . jason yeah . we fight a lot . ( think ) it be I . it be my fault . gwen nsurprise at the admission ) yeah ? you never say that . jason it 's strange , you know ..? the way people treat you like you character . even the grip and teamster who should know better ... gwen ( motion to she outfit ) tell I about it . jason I know . you could not wait to get out of there at wrap ... but I , I would have sleep in stage six if they have let I . it be the best time of my life . the way people look at I ... like I could do anything ... I could even get someone as amazing as you to think I be special . gwen you think it be he I want ?... jason truthfully ... be not it ? just a little ? gwen maybe ... what girl do not want to be with Captain taggart ? ( a beat ) but Captain taggart could not make I laugh . they exchange a long glance . jason that sound like the cave talk . she laugh , prove she own point as they look out the cave entrance ... a long beat as they watch the rain ... 63 . jason I still think we have fun off the set once ... gwen well let I know if you think of it ... dissolve to : ext . planet the rain have stop ... the five actor have regroupe , and be trudging up a steep grade as the three sun in the sky boil away the water on the ground . carbonite quarry - dusk they move to a cul - de-sac of large dusty boulder , exhaust and parched . Alexander 's device beeps as he approach one five foot in diameter . alexander this be it . tommy I think it be go to be little . guy you never watch the show at all , do you ? suddenly they hear a sound from the darkness , a strange sound , half human , half animal . guy that 's it . that 's what 's go to kill I . alexander will you shut up . gwen let 's get out of here before something kill guy . they surround the boulder and start to push it the way they come . crystalline pass they push the carbonite sphere forward as around they they hear more spooky voice whisper in a alien tongue . and the sound of rock shifting ; critter climb around the surround cliff . gwen I see something move . jason I too . let 's just keep go . they push the carbonite past a cliff revealing a pool of glimmer liquid . at the pool be two SMALL blue being that look somewhat like human child , drink . everyone stare . 64 . guy c'mon , let 's go ... gwen look at they . they be cute . they look like child ... she wave at one of they . it cock its head and wave back . guy of course they be cufe now . but in a second they be go get ugly and mean somehow and then when we turn around there 's go to be a million more of they ... gwen and Tommy make baby talk sound to they . they make baby talk sound back .. guy Jesus , do not any of you guy watch the show ?! gwen smile . the alien smile back , imitate she ... but it 's a hideous sight : they lip curl three time wider across they face than normal and they mouth reveal huge sharp tooth . we then notice that one of they be hold a ragged severe leg , and have blood in he tooth . the actor hear more skittering behind they and turn slowly to see dozen of alien demon child appear on the ridge . guy I be so sick of be right ! the demon child begin come down the hillside in wave . alexander God I hope they be just come for guy . jason c’mon . push ! they push the carbonite rock to the ridge as fast as they can . it 's all downhill from there , luckily ... the bad news be ... ..- below they see the field of carnivorous flowers now grow to eight foot tall , and there be hundred of they , all snap and bite at each other . -.- jagon turn to see the stampede of the demonic alien come at they like a tidal wave . he make a decision . jason stay close behind it . he give the carbonite boulder a shove and it begin roll down the hill , faster and faster . the actor follow in its path ... down the hill ... straight into the flower field ... the now muscular plant SNAP at they with powerful jaw , but the boulder mow down the one in they path and they make it through ... 65 . up ahead the surface pod be in sight . Jason look back to see the demon alien follow through the field , some get carry into the air and eat by the plant , but by sheer number , most get through and still in pursuit . the group follow the boulder as it come to rest at the pod . they roll the boulder onto the ramp as the demon alien grow closer . but the boulder now block the entrance . gwen help guy inside , then squeeze through herself , follow by Tommy . Alexander and Jason both motion each other forward . alexander go ahead ! jason you go first ! there 's no time ! alexander oh , of course , I forget ! you have to be the hero ... Heaven forbid I get the spotlight once ! oh no , Jason nesmith could not possibly - Jason cold cock he unconscious and lift he through , then squeeze through himself as behind he the demon alien descend upon the pod int . pod Jason be almost through . jason Tommy , I be in , push go now ! Tommy push the button when suddenly Jason be grabbed by the ankle by five payr of demon hand and drag back outside just as the door close behind he . gwen oh my ged ! Tommy ! stop the pod ! stop the pod ! tommy I can not ... it 's on autopilot !... as they pod ascend they all move to the window to watch horrify as Jason disappear into the middle of the huge blue mob that surround he . Alexander regains consciousness , look around . alexander re knock I out the sonofabitch . where be he ? gwen ( horrify ) down there . Alexander join the other , look down at the blue mob below . 66 . alexander oh right , of course ... it 's always about you , be not it ?! the view fade to white as we move up into cloud . ext . planet surface - dawn one of the sun rise on the horizon . int . alien slaughterhouse Jason be tie to a slab , he shirt off . around the room be hook from which hang various severe part of a variety of strange alien body . he be surround by five of the demon . one of they bring forth a long carve knife . jason wait . just wait . you speak English ?... habla espanol ? parle - without hesitation , the alien slice a thin slice of '' meat '' from Jason 's shoulder , and eat it from a fork . jason agh ! jesus ! what the hell be you do ? the demon confer in a strange subtitled language . demon # 1 it be suitable . demon # 2 I will try . he slice off another bit of meat and chew . Jason yell . jason . owwww ! stop ! no more ! not one more bite , do you understand ? do not eat one more bite of - aaaagh ! shit ! suddenly we hear a rumbling from outside , like a volcano , and another alien run in . demon # 3 the hill of fire . demon # 1 gorignak be displease . demon # 2 it have be too long since a offer . they look down at Jason . he look back , wary . demon # 1 yes. unfortunate . it be flavorful . 67 . demon 2 what do you suppose it be ? demon # 1 {momentarily introspective ) I do not know . strange , it look like a child . demon # 3 what should I do ? demon # 1 hit it with a rock , demon three lift a rock and Jason do not have time to object before everything go black . int . ship pod BAY the pod door open and gwen , Alexander and the other exit , out of breath . they be greet by dusty and three of he generator room tech . gwen we get the carbonite , but the Captain 's down there with a bunch of cannibal ! dusty we have to go back down in the pod then ... gwen there 's no time . what about that dohicky ... that transport we back and forth ? it 's you thing , dusty , you know ... '' molecularize I in , sergeant chen ... " do we have one of that ? dusty the molecular conveyor ... tommy of course , we could just zap he up with the molecular conveyor ! teb ?... teb yes , we do build a conveyor , of course ... gwen what be we wait for ? you guy get the carbonite sphere up and run , okay ? teb , take we to the conveyor station . they exit run . dusty look a little unsure ... int . corridor gwen , Alexander , dusty , Tommy , guy and the technician teb run down the hallway . buff , Alexander turn to gwen . alexander you say '' the Captain . '' 68 . gwen what ? alexander back there . you say '' the Captain '' be down there with a bunch of cannibal . gwen no I do not . tommy I hear it too . gwen be this really the most important thing we could be talk about right now ? ext . planet surface - rocky trench / exhibit area Jason open he eye to find himself outside in a rocky landscape . he hear the sound of strange chatter and look up to see a large group of demon watch he through a window set in the rock wall high above . the entire effect be that of a zoo exhibit ; a rock valley with high wall , and a number of view area . above , the alien chant a single word over and over ... demon gorignak ... gorignak ... next to the Jason lie a wooden spear . Jason hear scratch footstep approach around a corner . he rise quickly and grab he spear . the animal appear .. it look about the size of a pot belly pig , but somewhat reptilian . demon gorignak ... gorignak ... Jason move slowly toward the animal . it snort at he , hold its territory , suddenly we hear gwen 's voice . - gwen ( 0.s. ) Jason .. can you hear I ? Jason pull the vox from he belt . jason yes . yes , I be here ! int . ship - molecular conveyer room gwen , Alexander and the other watch Jason on a viewscreen . gwen thank God . be you okay ? jason yeah .. they want I to fight this thing , gorignak ... I think I can take it though ... 69 , gwen Jason , we be go to use the molecular conveyer to get you out of there . Jason poke at the pig-lizard . it hiss at he petulantly . jason the molecular conveyer ? wait , that 's the thing that pull I apart into a zillion piece zap I up there , and reassemble I , right ? dusty right . jason I 'il take my chance with gorignak . the pig lizard nip at Jason , get a bite . Jason stab back . gwen Jason , we have get to get you out of there ... it 's perfectly safe , be not it , teb ? teb it have never be successfully test . jason what ? what do he say ? gwen nothing . hold please . she switch off the vox , they turn to teb . teb theoretically the mechanism be fully operational . however , it be build to accommodate you anatomy , not ours . we actual hand be six finger and jointed at ninety degree to yours . we be unable to operate the device with the require dexterity . but now that sergeant chen be here he can operate it ... it be design watch he motion from the historical record . everyone turn to dusty . for the first time , he look a little apprehensive . he laugh nervously . dusty well I mean I can not ... I can supervise of course , but ... Alexander turn the vox back on . alexander Jason , we be go to test it . jason okay ... on what ? 70 , tommy how about the pig lizard ? jason hey , I be do okay with the pig lizard ... Alexander and the other move aside to let dusty at the control panel . the control be complicated , and fit dusty 's hand like two metal glove . teb gasp as he grasp the control . teb I be sorry . it be very exciting to see the master at the control . the operation of the conveyer be more art than science . dusty move he hand and the pig be targeted in crosshair of the instrument panel . he slowly twist he wrist as he manipulate a lever cautiously and .... on the planeta surface the pig lizard demolecularize and disappear . conveyor room everyone look very impressed . dusty start to smile , '' no sweat '' as the pig rematerialize on the conveyer pad . as it form , however , something be very wrong . we hear the pig lizard 's horrible squeal over the disgust reaction of the crew . jason what ? what ? alexander osingsong ) nothing . jason I hear something . a squeal . gwen oh no . everything 's fine . teb but ... the animal be inside out . jason I hear that ! it 's inside out ! then the monstrous remain of the pig lizard explode . teb +.- and it explode ! jason what ? do I just hear that it come back inside out , and then it exploded ? Alex ? gwen ? hello ? 71 . gwen hold on . ( to other ) what be we go to do ? planet surface Jason look up at the view window where the demon continue to chant . demon gorignak !... gorignak !... jason wait , the pig lizard be go . why be they still chant for the pig lizard ? gwen turn on the translation circuit . teb flick a switch and we hear the demon in English . demon rock ... rock ... rock ... suddenly gwen and the other notice that the entire rock face behind Jason move slightly , like a granite musculature ... Jason , face forward , do not see it . gwen Jason ? I do not think the pig be gorignak ... jason what the hell be you talk about ? behind Jason , the boulder in the wall begin move forward , emerging from the rock face , and a giant emerge ... a monster make of granite ... Jason turn slowly , with a feel of dread , as he hear the rumbling SOUND of the monster 's body freeing itself from the rock face around it . jason oh darn . he take a step back , hold he puny wooden spear . the rock monster step forward , 20 foot tall . its face mostly featureless yet ominous and determine and upset , and it head straight for jason . jason guy , molecularize I in ... Jason back away slowly , around the corner , but the monster follow crunch crunch forward ... jason guy ...7 !! int . ship - molecular conveyer room dusty look genuinely distress . 72 . dusty I can not . you see what happen ... gwen you have to . they base it on you hand movement . dusty back away , terror in he face ... he start talk to himself nervously ... dusty all my professional life they have say '' can you ride a horse '' dusty ? and I have say '' of course , be riding since I be a boy . '' '' can you fence dusty ? '' '' funny you should ask , I have win six international competition . '' I learn never to say I can not do something . you do not get the part if you say '' I can not do this . '' so I say '' sure ! '' because after you be cast , a stuntman do the fall , somebody 's hand play the piano for you ... but this be life or death ! there be no stuntman , there be no hand , so may God forgive I Jason ... I can not do this . dusty huddle in the corner , obviously no use to anybody . on the planet Jason be in a full out run be chase by the rock monster which stomp forward , demolishing everything in its path . the demon move from view window to view window excitedly , follow the pursuit . finally Jason run into a dead end . alexander dusty 's no good , Jason . you be go to have to kill it . the monster crunch forward , distract by a couple of pig lizard which scurry across its path . he grab they and put they in he rock mouth , squashing they . then turn back to Jason ... jason kill it ? well I '' open to idea !... guy go for the eye . like in episode 22 with the var-dragon ... or episode 46 with the - jason it do not have eye . guy the throat , the mouth ... its vulnerable spot . jason it 's a rock . it do not have vulnerable spot ! 73 . tommy I know ... you construct a weapon . look around , can you form some sort of rudimentary lathe ?... jason a lathe ??? get off the line , guy ! gwen ? gwen it 's really big , Jason ... jason thanks . helpful ! the monster take a step forward , its shadow fall over Jason .. jason alexander ??? please ? you be my advisor , advise I ! Alexander stroke he chin , think ... alexander Jason , you have to figure out what it want ... what 's its motivation ? jason it 's a damn rock monster !!! it do not have motivation ! alexander that 's you problem . you be never serious about the craft ... ( close he eye ) '' I be a rock ... I just want to be a rock ... still. peaceful .. tranquil ..* the monster go on a frenzy , crush everything inbetween itself and Jason ... meanwhile , Alexander curl in a ball pretend to be the rock monster ... alexander --- ; " oh , but what 's this ? something 's make noise ... no , not noise , no ... movement . vibration . make the vibration stop , they go straight into I like a knife !.. I must cruse the thing that make the vibration ...* jason be I crazy , or do you actually have something there ? Jason reach down and grab a handful of small rock . but at that moment the rock monster reach down and grab he in he fist . Jason be carry into the air and dangle above the beast 's mouth . Jason keep he composure enough to toss one of the rock at the demon in the view window . the rock smack the window with a bang and bounce off . 74 , the demon turn to each other , smile at this feeble effort to hurt they . that be until the monster wheel toward the window . Jason throw another rock at the window . it hit with SOUND , vibrate the window . the monster drop Jason . Jason land , throw another rock . the monster charge toward the vibration , and before the demon can flee , smashes into the view area , cause the entire wall , demon and monster to collapse together in a mammoth landslide . all be still . in the ship the actor cheer , but they relief be short live as ... on the planet the rock monster emerge from the rubble , its jaw bloody from munch a few of the flatten demon in its mouth ... it begin to make a beeline for Jason . Jason be perplex . jason but I be not move , I ... oh no . my heartbeat . in the rock monster 's Pov we head toward Jason and hear Jason 's adrenaline heartbeat magnify like a drum , tha - thump tha -thump . jason dusty ? dusty , can you hear I ? on the ship dusty move to the panel , shaking . dusty yes Jason ? jason you have get to do this ... it 's up to you . the monster pick up speed toward Jason . dusty ( sweat pour down he temple ) no , I 'il kiil you ... jason listen dusty . you do this for four year on the show . you can do it now ... put you hand on the control .. dusty put he tremble hand on the control ... dusty I do not know ... I do not know ... the monster pick up speed . stomp stomp stomp . 75 . jason ( hide he fear ) dusty , I work summer stock with hopkins . Regional theater with hoffman . but I swear to God I have never meet a actor who could hit he mark , or nail he line with the professional consistency of a Dustin kwan . you be Mr. dependable ... you can do this . dusty you work with hopkins ? I worship hopkins . dusty draw confidence from this word . the monster be upon Jason ... it raise its fist ... captain a moment of concentration - as everybody hold they breath - and then dusty work the control . Jason be still there and .. the monster smashes down he fist right down onto jason .... ++-at the very moment he dematerialize . the fist go right through the scatter molecule . everybody on ship hold they breath and watch the .. rematerializing platform dusty twist and turn he control with extreme concentration as Jason appear , solidify . his body instantly duck and contort to avoid the rock fist that moment ago descend upon he . everyone run up to he as he regains he composure , celebrate , hugging he and patting he on the back . even Alexander look relieved , but will not admit it of course . alexander I see you manage to take you shirt off . Jason look over and see dusty still at the control , drench with sweat . he move to dusty and shake he tremble hand . dusty as good as hopkins ? jason hopkins can not drink you bathwater , dusty . dusty well with pride . Jason turn to the other . jason all right folk , let 's get the hell out of here ... Jason punch a communication button . jason betzalar , we be back and we be on we way to command deck . ( silence ) betzalar ? ( more ) 76 . . jason ( cont would ) . , come in betzalar ? teb? queelek ? generator room ?!.. what 's go on ? where be everybody ? gwen push a button on the monitor to see ... EIGHT giant ship just like sarris 's surrounding the protector . the crew react ... gwen punch another button and a dozen video panel light up show ... sarris 's men all over the ship . in the generator room , the hallway , the command deck ... a infestation . tommy no no no . jason we have get to get out of here . c’mon , hurry !.. but as they head toward the door , it open , revealing sarris and a dozen of he men , gun draw . the actor back away , except for Jason who stand he ground as sarris approach . they stand face to face for a moment . jason listen sarris , just hold on a - but sarris backhand he brutally with he metal glove fist . Jason crash to the floor . gwen and the other move to help , but be restrain by the guard . Jason start to stand , wiping blood from he mouth , but with a nod from sarris , six of he man surround Jason and begin to kick and beat he on the ground brutally ... Alexander and the other can only watch in horror . int . barracks / prison the row of barrack down the long hallway have be convert to prison cell . from inside this the hundred of capture alien watch in despair as jason , bloody and beaten , be lead down the corridor , he hand and foot shackle . sarris , he guard and the other crewmember follow behind . weak and semi-conscious from the beat , Jason stumble and fall . sarris produce a device that look - like a cattle prod and apply it to Jason 's neck . Jason cry out , he entire body light up with electricity . the alien push against the cell door to come to he aid , but the guard beat they back mercilessly through the bar . sarris if you can not walk , Captain , then I suggest you crawl . Jason hesitates . sarris shock he again . Jason finally rise and slowly begin to crawl forward . everyone be silent . numb . int . medical deck the area have be convert to a interrogation chamber . Jason be lead in with the other . sarris 's man be in the middle of a interrogation on a man strapped to a table . they move aside to reveal betzalar , parely alive . but as he see Jason , a ray of hope light up behind he eye . he smile . betzalar Captain . thank God you be here . Jason , despite he own pain , attempt a encourage nod . betzalar ( cont have ) now you will face justice , sarris . sarris laugh long and hard . sarris brilliant . absolutely brilliant . at every turn you demonstrate the necessity for you extermination . the quality of you race ... ridiculous optimism , like that of little child . loyalty without regard to purpose or effect . Building , always building . but what you spend year to build , I take from you in day . what you create in decade , I destroy in moment ... but you be stubborn , betzalar , I will grant you that . annoyingly stubborn . ( to Jason ) do you want to save this man 's life , Captain ? and the life of you crew ? jason yes . sarris then tell I one thing ... what do it do , the device ? the omega 13 . jason I ... I do not know . sarris twist a dial . betzalar writhes in pain on the table . sarris be it a bomb ? be it a~booby trap ? tell I ! jason stop , please ! I do not know ! sarris twist the dial even higher . sarris Guards ! prepare a tear harness for the female ... jason no ! I do not know ! I swear I do not know ! I can not tell you ! sarris do you think I be a fool ? that the Captain do not know every bolt , every weld of he ship ? gwen fight the guard valiantly as they drag she to a table . 77 , 78 . jason but I be not ! I ... I be not the Captain ! sarris turn , interested . he motion he guard to halt . sarris wait . what do you say ? jason please , do not hurt they , it 's not they fault . I '' not the Captain , I do not know anything . betzalar look at he too , bewilder . sarris look intrigue . sarris explain . jason gwen . the show . there 's no choice ... do it . gwen ( a long beat ) --. Computer , play the historical record of the galaxy quest mission . a screen light up with the open of the first galaxy quest episode . we see the various actor in they role , freeze frame in action pose , intercut with the ship speed through space . sarris watch , captivate . realization dawns on he face . he begin to laugh . sarris turn to betzalar , beat and bleody , but hope lighting in he eye as he watch the show . that tickle sarris even more , he roar with laughter . sarris oh , this be wonderful . wonderful . I treat you as a foe , but no ... you have do much great damage to this poor fool than I ever have ..> than I ever could .... bravo !... bravo ! he put he arm around Jason and lead he to face betzalar . sarris tell he . this be a moment I will treasure . explain to he who you really be . Jason look up at betzalar . a long pause . jason my name be Jason nesmith . I be a actor . we be all actor . sarris we dim witted friend do not understand the concept of act . they have no theater , no imagination this scientist ... jason we pretend ... 79 , sarris simpler . jason we .. we lie . sarris yes ... you understand that , do not you , betzalar ?... betzalar look up at Jason , bewilder . jason I be not a Captain , there be no United States Exploration administration . there be no ship . betzalar ( perplex , point to tv ) but there it be !... jason a model , only as big as this . ( motion with he hand ) betzalar but ... Inside , I have see - jason just section of room make of plywood . we carbonite sphere be paint wire and plaster . the molecular conveyor be Christmas light ... decoration . betzalar but ... why ? jason it 's difficult to ... on we planet we pretend in order to ... entertain . betzalar just stare . sarris watch , eye twinkle . jason that 's how I make my live . pretend to be somebody else . pretend to be Captain Peter quincy taggart ... ( beat ) I be ... I be so sorry betzalar ... betzalar look away , he eye hollow , all hope go . sarris ( to betzalar ) now you know . this entire world you have concect . you miserable life , all base on nothing . you belief ... you hope ... all a dream . a wisp of smoke . now there be only pain . sarris move to he Lieutenant , rak lathe . 80 . sarris Lieutenant lathe , I confess that I be beginning to feel a bit foolish myself . Chasing across the universe to obtain what be , I be now certain , a bauble of fiction . but just in case ... tell I how best to obliterate this vessel ? I would like nothing to remain . lathe the core could be hardwire to overload without much effort . betzalar sarris . what about my man ? sarris yes , you be right . much too easy a death for the trouble you have cause I . Lieutenant , open a vent on level '' C '' and let the outside in a bit for we friend downstairs . a beat . enrage , Jason lunge for sarris , but he man quickly beat he down brutally . sarris I guess a actor be not the same as a Captain after all . he turn to he guard , motion to Jason and the other . sarris release they , sergeant ... into space . the Guard nod and escort they out . sarris turn to betzalar and raise the torture control with a sick smile . int . cargo jettison chamber a number of sarris 's man jettison cargo through a hydraulic airlock . the crate float into space , collect by a freighter ship outside . they look up as the computer make a announcement . computer voice ( 0.s . ) core overload . emergency shut down overrid . core implosion estimate in nine minute ... Jason and the other enter , escort by the guard who motion for the worker to leave they alone . then Guard # 1 push a button , open the cargo hold . he motion to Alexander and Jason . guard # 1 lift out the crate and get in . Jason and Alexander move to the cargo hold . Alex glare at Jason . alexander well , how do it feel , Jason ? be it worth it ? they lift the crate aside . Jason simply hang he head . 81. alexander hundred of innocent to die because of you ... how do it feel ? jason shut up . just shut up . guard # 1 be quiet , both of you . get in . the guard lift he gun . Alexander and Jason slowly walk toward the cargo jettison scoop . alexander hundred dead , all so you could play at be the Captain ! guard # 1 be quiet . alexander you have murder we all you egomaniacal sonofabitch ! jason shut up ! just shut up you green skinned freak ! Alexander lunge at Jason , strike he in the face . they tumble to the ground , fight . the guard smile , enjoy the fight . Jason quickly overpower Alexander and punch he repeatedly , he own anger take hold . finally , he lift Alexander to he foot . Alexander 's eye be roll back in he head . Jason pull back for the crown blow ... .-- and deal a punisher right past Alexander into the face of Guard # 1 ! Alexander 's eye snap open and he elbow Guard # 2 in the face . the fight be a act . the second guard 's gun go skittering into the cargo scoop as he drop unconscious . Guard # 1 dive into the scoop to retrieve the gun , aim at Jason and pull the trigger at the instant the scoop hydraulics come to life and he be whisked through the hold into space , flail silently into the vacuum . everyone turn to see dusty take he finger off the cargo button . dusty hmmm .. a bit sticky . 1’11 get one of my boy up here with a can of WD - 40 . Alexander turn to Jason , both out of breath . alexander '' Green skinned freak ...? '' jason I be stay in character . '' egomaniacal sonofabitch ? '' alexander naturalism . I see you get to win the fight ... ' | 82 . jason I have the shot ... gwen guy ... she motion to a row of security monitor ... one label '' environmental system deck - C level '' show four of sarris 's men strain at a large circular valve . on another monitor we see debris rush up to a vent in the barracks area as air_is sucked out of the alien 's prison . teb and the other alien pull on they prison bar in horror . jason let 's go . int . corridor the six of they run down the hallway . Jason stop they and they duck into a alcove as a unit of sarris 's man jog past . computer voice ( 0.s. ) core implosion in four minute ... jason go on , give it a try , gwen . gwen Computer , shut down the core . computer voice unable . memory checksum for core operation invalid . system hardware damage . jason all right guy , listen up . gwen and I be go to have to get to the core and shut it down manually . Tommy , you and dusty need to get that - air valve back on . Alex , see if you can get the prison door open downstairs in case Tommy and dusty can not get the oxygen back in time . tommy Jason ? what about I ? what do I do ? Jason put a hand on he shoulder . jason practice drive , Tommy . they all split up , leave Tommy stand there . tommy practice drive ? 83. int . hallway gwen and Jason hurry down the hallway , keep a look out for sarris 's guard . gwen so ... we get to shut down the neutron reactor ? jason right . gwen uh ... I hate to break it to you Jason , but I do not know how to shut down a neutron reactor , and unless you take a learn annex course I do not know about , I be pretty sure you do not know how to shut down a neutron reactor either . jason no I do not . but I know somebody who do . int . brandon 's house - tarzana - earth - day bird chirp outside pleasantly . int . brandon' bedroom - earth - day the room of we # 1 galaxy quest fan , brandon . the fourteen year old sit at he computer , in uniform , glue a tiny piece of plastic to he model of the protector . a knock on the door , and he mother enter . brandon 's mom brandon ? brandon mother , I be quite busy as you can see . the '' C '' ring on my booster unit come break _in the mail . brandon 's mom I be sorry . I make rice crispy square . brandon , mother , I be very busy . well , maybe one . thank you . she exit . brandon look at he model with a sigh . suddenly he hear a familiar tone . he cock he head and turn to ... the interstellar vox sit on he table . he start to turn away , but it beeps again . slowly he reach out , take it in he hand and flip the switch . we hear Jason 's voice . jason ( 0.s. ) hello ?... hello be anyone there ?... brandon stare at the thing , then look around he room for sign of a practical joke . he speak into it quietly . 84 . brandon «+ - hello ? int . usea protector - space Jason , hold he vox , nod to gwen ... '' get he . '' jason this be Jason nesmith . I play Captain Peter quincy taggart of the usea protector . int . brandon 's room brandon stare at the vox for a very long moment like that people on the old candid camera show when the mailbox talk to they . brandon .-- yes ? jason we accidently trade vox unit when we bump into each other on Saturday . you get mine . brandon oh ... oh , I see . oh. jason what 's you name , son ? brandon brandon . jason brandon , I remember you from the convention , right ?... you have a lot of little technical observation about the ship , and I speak sharply to you ... brandon yes , I know , and I want you to know I think about what you say ... I know you mean it constructively but ... jason it 's okay . listen - brandon ++- but I want you to know that I be not a complete braincase , okay ? I understand completely that it 's just a tv show . there be no ship , there be no carbonite sphere , no molecular conveyor ... I mean , obviously it 's all just a - jason it 's real , brandon . all of it , it 's real . 8s . brandon ( no hesitation ) I know it !... I know it !... jason brandon ... the crew and I be in trouble and we need you help . the look on brandon 's face be indescribable . his entire life have build to this moment . he straighten in he seat at attention , he eye glisten . brandon yes sir . how can I be of service , sir ? int . medical quarter sarris 's first lieutenant lathe enter . lathe General , you transport be ready for departure . sarris one moment ... sarris move to turn on a viewscreen . behind he , betzalar lie on the table , unconscious . sarris something to amuse he if he wake . as sarris exit we see that the viewscreen image show the alien in they cell , pull at the bar . some be already unconscious from the lack of oxygen . int . media room Tommy , all alone , peek into the room to make sure it be empty , then enter '' and move to a high tech case . he push a button and a panel move aside revealing a complete library of the galaxy quest episode ... like a high - tech shrine . Tommy move he finger across the selection , pick one episode in particular with a smile ... int . ship corridor Alexander make he way down the hall stealthily , avoid sarris 's guard . he stop as he hear a noise from a utility compartment to he side . steeling he nerve , he reach out to turn the latch , prepare for whatever be inside ... he open the door suddenly and a figure jump out . both of they assume defensive stance , then Alexander recognize he as quellek , he young protégé . quellek beam . quellek Sir , it 's you ! thank ipthar ! 86 . alexander quellek . what be you do in there ? quellek I avoid capture use the mak’tar stealth haze . where be everyone ? alexander come with I . I x11 explain on the way . int . ship storage BAY gwen and Jason enter the dark room full of old esoteric machine in storage . Jason speak to brandon on he vox . . jason okay , we be in the storage bay . what now ? int . brandon 's bedroom - concurrent brandon insert a galaxy quest cdrom label technical system into he computer . a couple of click later , a 3d wire frame diagram of the ship appear . brandon okay , there 's a hatch on the port wall . it lead to a system of utility corridor through the bowel of the ship . int . ship storage BAY - concurrent Jason search in vain for the hatch . jason there 's no hatch . ( lose faith ) there 's no hatch ! gwen wait ... Jason , here !... the hatch be hide by a large piece of scrap equipment . gwen and Jason push the metal out of the way lead to the hatch . jason okay , we get it . brandon ( 0.s. ) okay , you can go on in ... I be go to get Kyle . he know the utility tunnel system better than anybody alive . int . brandon 's bedroom - concurrent brandon punch some key and Kyle pop up in a little cu - see I window on the computer . kyle ( on monitor ) hi brandon . 87. brandon no time for pleasantry , Kyle . we have a level five emergency . the Captain need we to get he to the core and shut it down before it overload . kyle oh , okay . brandon you have get the utility system walkthrough , right ? kyle I have sector 1 - 28 . I think hector have the upper level . brandon we would better get everybody online . and Kyle , stop downloading porn . you frame rate be unacceptable . kyle 's room - concurrent a obviously fake nude picture of gwen as tawny madison download slowly onto he screen . kyle I be not downloading porn ! he click < cancel > on the picture . int . ship 's corridor sector 30 - 50 dusty and guy make they way down the corridor , check the numbered sector as they pass . dusty okay , sector 38 ... 39 ... 40 . this be it . the environmental system be in here . Ali we have to do be shut off the valve to the barrack ... they look through the window into the room to see ... a hundre of sarris 's man sit inside , surround the large circular wheel that control the valve . dusty exchange a look with guy . guy all we have to do ... int . ship library Tommy sit at the desk watch a episode of galaxy quest play on the screen . the scene have Tommy piloting the ship , dodging and weaving through a very silly giant paper mache monster float in space . 88 . ' but Tommy be dead serious . he watch himself on the tape , mimick he own piloting move , pretend that the miscellaneous object on the table be he control ... and lip - synching he line as he character say they on tv ... int . utility tunnel Jason and gwen run through the tunnel system , follow brandon 's instruction . brandon okay , now leave at the next turn ... you should see the crystalline oxygen unit . make a right there . then go through the antimatter vent ... jason okay ... okay , now what ? brandon now make a right , you 's 1ll see a doorway that open on the central manufacturing facility . the bowel of the ship . gwen and Jason turn right and they eye widen . int . central manufacactur cavern ( bowel ) Dante 's inferno . down below , a huge automated facility for ship construction and maintenance . move elevator and conveyor belt move through a maze of scaffold and overhang . glow river of molten metal run past giant swinging hammer and pronge robot arm and crush machine . brandon Captain , do you have a camera ? I would die to see this in person ... all they show on tv be a machine here , and a wall here ... I do not know why they do not show the whole thing . jason ( awed ) we would never have the budget for this . brandon okay , so do you see a door mark '' core unit ? '' should be down at the far end to you leave . on the other side of the room , down a circuitous path through a dangerous gauntlet of machinery and lava Jason spot such a door . jason yes ...? brandon okay , that 's where you want to be . gwen and Jason look at each other , then ... giggle nervously . it 's just so impossible . 89 . int . corridor outside prison / barracks Alexander and quellek arrive at the '' prison area '' hatch and look through the window ... in they cell , many of the alien be already unconscious . other valiantly attempt to open they cell with crudely construct lever and batter ram , to no avail . quellek they be die ! Alexander insert he hand into the id pad . alexander open . open dammit . a light flash . '' pressure lock override '' Alexander turn to a wall console . alexander here . help I tear this down , we can use it as a batter ram . quellek follow Alexander to the console , look over he shoulder at the prison . Alexander put he hand on he shoulder . alexander do not worry , quellek , it 'il be okay ... quellek seem comfort , but Alexander be not too sure himself . int . ship environmental system room dusty and guy continue to watch sarris 's man , still surround the main valve . dusty we have get to get that valve turn off . they oxygen be almost go ... guy listen , I 'il go in , create a distraction . I have this ... ( hold up the gun ) I may be able to hold they back long enough for the alien to escape . dusty it 's suicide . guy I be just a glorify extra , dusty . I be a dead man anyway . if I be go to die , I have rather go out a hero than a coward . dusty maybe you be the plucky comic relief , guy . you ever think of that ? 90 . guy cock he head . no , he have not think of that . dusty pat he shoulder . dusty besides , I just have a really interesting idea ... int . sarris 's ship to ship transport sarris stand at the observation window as the transport make it way toward he ship . all but one of the other ship have leave the area , and that ship be turn and head toward a black hele in the distance ... the transport chief next to he get a message on he earpiece . transport chief Sir , the falcon three be launch and away , course set for xactor minor . falcon one dead ahead . four minute to core overload . sarris good ... good ... all be in its place . transport chief ..- General , I have just receive word that the Captain of the protector and he command crew have escape custody . they whereabouts be unknown , sarris what ? suddenly a lifeless body crash against the windshield like a bug . it 's sarris 's Guard , jettison earlier . sarris 's eye light . sarris find they . lathe but sir , my men . the core explosion be not reversible ... sarris find then . int . manufacactur cavern ( bowel ) Jason and gwen make they way along a narrow catwalk above the manufacturing floor . a row of robot arm block they way , move erratically . they have to dodge the arm to move forward . jason okay , we have clear the robot arm . now what ? int . brandon 's room brandon now have he whole crew on separate window of he computer screen , include fan katelyn , wear a '' tawny madison '' outfit . gl . katelyn okay , brandon , as I calculate it the shortest route be down the ladder near the quark accelerator . other nerd I concur . she 's right . very good . brandon High five , katelyn . he and the other hi-five , slapping they computer screen . int . manufacactur cavern ( bowel ) Jason and gwen make they way down the ladder , and across a narrow beam over a lava pool at a staggering height . jason brandon .. just in case I die , there 's something I have to know ... brandon yes Captain ? jason what do the omega 13 do ? brandon well , that 's the big the question , be not it ? jason what do you mean ? brandon it 's be the subject of a extremely heat debate on the internet for year . many believe that be a matter collapser , a bomb capable of destroy all mattér in the universe in a chain reaction last 13 second . jason but you do not ? brandon no , I be of the firm belief that in reality it be not a matter killer , but a matter rearranger , convert all molecule to the exact state they exist thirteen second previous to activation thus effect a thirteen second time jump to the past . jason how do you come to that conclusion ? brandon my cousin 's boyfriend 's sister go out with the screenwriter . his favorite movie be the omegaman . he 's see it 13 time ... 92 . kyle as you know I strenuously disagree with this theory , brandon . if all molecule be rearrange , then everyone would be back in time 13 second rendering the device useless . suddenly a blast erupt next to Jason 's head . he and gwen turn to see sarris 's men shoot at they from across the room at the entrance to the cavern . jason okay guy ... guy ? but the nerd be now catch up in the debate . katelyn no because the brain of the person who triggers the omega 13 be not affect , so that person still have he memory after the time jump . brandon thank you , katelyn . excellent . katelyn ( flatter , shy ) you 's be welcome , brandon . Jason and gwen run as sarris man continue to shoot at they . jason brandon !!! time to go ! brandon yes Captain ... all right , you be almost there . just go through the chomper and over the pit . gwen '' the chomper ? '' they turn to see ... the chomper ... a unavoidable gauntlet of hissing hydraulic smashing metal hammer and blade jutting out from the side , top , bottom and diagonally ... gwen oh , screw that . more gunfire from sarris 's man . another blast melt a pole next to they . Jason pull he disrupter pistol and fire back at they . sarris 's man take cover . jason brandon , how ? int . brandon 's room brandon cradle a telephone on he shoulder . brandon hollister , do you have the sequence yet ? 93. int . hollister 's room another one of brandon 's pal , hollister , watch a tape of the show , fast view one sequence backwards and forward over and over ; on the tv , we see the cheap paint cardboard version of the crusher . a cheap look fish head alien monster chase Jason through the crusher but be topple by one of crusher and fall into the fake look lava pit . hollister time the pattern of the crusher with a stopwatch ... hollister okay , the pattern be two .. two ... four ... two. , three ... eight ... two ... brandon you be sure they repeat like that ? it 's sort of extremely important . cut from the cardboard prop to the real thing . the mammoth crush gwen and Jason watch as they smash and grind back and forth ... gwen what be that thing ? it serve no useful purpose to have a bunch of choppy crushy thing in the middle of a catwalk !?! jason gwen ... gwen we should not have to do this ! it make no logical sense ! why be it here ? jason because it be on the show ! gwen well forget it ! I be not go . this episode be badly write ! brandon Captain , you and Lt. madison will have to go through the crusher one at a time in three second interval . tell I when the first crusher hit the bottom ... jason okay , now . but - brandon wait two second then go . another blast from sarris 's man weaken the catwalk behind they ... 94 . jason no , wait , be you - brandon Lt. madison , go . jason shit ! go! brandon go Captain . Jason and gwen run through the chomper . it be a series of close escape , time just a fraction late , so at one point gwen must use all she strength to pull a sleeve catch in the work before a second hammer come down where she body be a moment before . Jason dive through a quickly diminish hole , he disrupter pistol fall behind he , quickly smashed to oblivion by a close slab . brandon stop . Jason stop , catch gwen 's leg just as ... a hammer smashes right in front of she , barely miss she head . brandon go . they be off again . brandon up. jason what ? up ? brandon berithium lava come through . use the handhold above you . here come the lava down a chute ahead of they . Jason pull gwen up just as the lava come through , sizzling the tip of she hang hair . gwen whoever write this episode should die . the lava pass , and they drop and continue on through the doorway as disrupter blast erupt around they like firework ... darkness Jason and gwen run through pitch blackness . jason ( 0.s. ) what the hell ?... brandon , where be we ? 9s . brandon ( 0.s. ) I do not know . this part of the ship be completely undocumented . gwen ( 0.s ) great ... just great ! int . molecular conveyer room dusty and guy be now in the molecular conveyor room . very quiet compare to the mayhem in the bowel of the ship ... guy look down at the panel with great anticipation , then up at dusty with a nervous smile . dusty gingerly take hold of the molecular conveyor control . guy this should be interesting ... on the molecular conveyor display : we see crosshair target a object ... the vague outline be that of a man , but blocky and misshapen ... we recognize it as the rock monster ... dusty smile . ship environmental system room dozen of sarris 's men continue to surround the oxygen valve when suddenly the rock monster materialize right in the middle of the room ! they look up in horrify disbelief , a surreal silence until one of sarris 's stunne man click he transmitter button ... the monster wheel on he in a instant , pick he up and crush he flat between its jaw . then mayhem as sarris 's man trample each other try to escape from the room . molecular conveyor room dusty and guy watch the mayhem on a monitor , admiringly . dusty ( contemplative ) it 's the simple thing in life you treasure . guy nod . hallway the monster chase a group of sarris 's man down a dead - end hallway . sarris 's man have nowhere to go as the monster bear down on they , and crash through the hull , take himself and everyone else out into space . Inside , the far door shut automatically to contain the vacuum . ext . space the rock monster tumble gently through the vacuum of space . the monster 's jaw move in a roar , and though we hear nothing , the monster 's silent roar be subtitled into English : rock monster ah , sweet tranquility at last . 96 . int . ship environmental system room the room be now emptied of sarris 's man . guy and dusty enter and move to the large valve , strain to turn it . slowly , the pressure normalize . int . outside barracks hallway work together , Alexander and quellek be now use a makeshift batter ram on the door as a adjacent readout begin to blink . quellek Sir ! the pressure . it 's normalize . alexander open . the door open and Alexander enter . he run to a panel down the hall and turn the switch . all the cell door open . he run to one of the cell and help a few of the man to they foot and walk they from they cell . they turn to Alexander , gratitude in they face . alien # 1 we be save ! he have save we !.. Alexander suppress a smile , prepare to feign modesty ... alien # 1 Captain taggart have save we ! alien hooray for Captain taggart ! Long live Captain taggart ! alexander ( grumble ) it 's just not fair . he move to quellek at the doorway , alexander okay , quellek , let 's get back to the command deck and - suddenly we hear a disrupter blast and quellek 's chest turn red . Alexander and quellek look down at the blood , startle and horr ed ... quellek I be ... I be shot . he fall , crumpled to the ground . we see one of sarris 's guard down the hall . he shoot again . Alexander grab quellek 's limp body and pull he to out of the line of fire . alexander quellek ... quellek ! 97 . ' quellek open he eye weakly . Alexander pull aside he uniform to see the wound . it 's a mortal injury . exander use all of he act skill to disguise he shock . alexander not so bad . we will get you to medical quarter . you be go to be fine . quellek I ... I do not think I be go to make it Sir ... alexander no , do not talk like that , son . we be go to get you fix up . quellek -.- it have be my great honor to serve with you . live by you example this year , my life have have meaning . I have be bless . Sir , I ... I ... he cringe in pain . Alexander look at he , full of emotion . alexander do not speak , quellek . quellek you ’1ll forgive my impertinence , sir , but even though we have never before meet , I always consider you as a father to I . blood appear in the corner of quellek 's mouth , he life fade away . Alexander stroke he head , devastate . he look he right in the eye , he eye welling with tear . then with intensity , and absolute sincerity ... alexander quellek ... by grabthar 's hammer , by the sun of warvan ... you shall be avenge . ~~ quellek 's appreciation of this be indescribable . a tiny spark behind he eye light up , and he smile , completely content as he surrender to death . tear fall down Alexander 's cheek as he hold quellek 's limp body . then a disrupter blast hit a corner nearby . Alexander lay quellek 's head to the ground softly , then rise . there be a intensity to he we have not see before ... his eye burn . Alexander move into the hallway , fix he attention on sarris 's man . the guard look up , momentarily shake ; Alexander look truly alien . his eye afire with vengeance . nervous , the guard fire twice , miss . Alexander begin to run toward the guard , pick up speed . the guard try to reload he gun but he eye be lock on Alexander like a frighten animal and he cartridge clatter to the ground . Alexander roar like a creature , bare he tooth in the final moment ... the guard stand there as he meet he death , so terrify he can only mutter a single word .. 98 . guard ~+- mother . as alexander envelope he like a force of nature . int . darkness ( undocumented area ) Jason and gwen make they way forward in the darkness ... they be stop as they hit a pitch black wall . jason ( 0.s . ) brandon , there 's a wall . brandon ( 0.s. ) oh , good , you should be at the blast tunnel . use the computer to open the blast section in sequence . gwen ( 0.s. ) Computer , open the first blast section . we see a shaft of light as a huge metal block rise , and they enter a tunnel ] that dead end about 6 foot in . gwen Computer , open the second blast section . another 6x6 foot block slide up , the tunnel lengthen . they turn as they hear the sound of sarris 's Men in the distance behind they . blast tunnel gwen and Jason run as fast as they can through the tunnel , the block rise one by one just in front of they . gwen Computer , open blast section 15,16,17,18,19 ... int . power core room * a doorway appear and Jason and gwen emerge from blast tunnel into a large spherical room that glow with a pulsate light from a dome console in the center . computer voice ( 0.s. ) detonation in sixty second ... jason okay brandon , I think this be it . he move to the large nel near the dome . there be large blue button under a glass flap . jason I be at the control panel . what do I do ? brandon okay , raise the glass and push the blue button . 99 . jason that 's it ? brandon yeah . what 's wrong ? jason nothing . I just think it would be more complicated than that . he reach for the button when suddenly there be a volley of blast around they and sarris 's man appear in the doorway . sarris 's guard # 1 raise you hand , now . Jason and gwen raise they hand . computer voice ( 0.s. ) detonation in 45 second ... the computer start count down second by second in the background ... jason look , I be go to just push this button , then we will talk about whatever - they fire a blast and he raise he arm again . gwen you do not understand ! this ship be go to explode ! sarris 's guard # 1 yes , the General warn we of you trick . nlook at gwen ) you know , this one be strangely attractive . ( piss ) oh great . perfect . guard # 2 gar , we order be to kill they . sarris 's guard look at gwen , lustfully . guard # 1 I know , but I would first like to experience a earthwoman . guard 2 that be sick . it be as if to seek pleasure with a animal ... guard # 1 ..- yes , I know . 100 . gwen this be all very flatter but we be go to die ! they all laugh at she , and start forward as the computer count down '' 15 second to detonation ... '' guard # 1 some of we sooner than other ... hold she down for I , kreeg. gwen ( intense ) if you come one step closer I will kill you all ! I swear I will ! they laugh heartily , and take a step forward . Jason rise , but gwen be already on the situation . gwen Computer , close blast section 29 . Guard # 1 's smile drop immediately and he do not even have time to scream as the section block drop , crush the whole lot of they to petroleum in a instant . Green goo ooze out from under the block . gwen shake she head , she hand on she hip . gwen why do not anybody ever take I seriously !? she move to the ooze goo and shout down at it . gwen now how be you feel , huh ? do you take I seriously now ? do you ? do you ?!!!? Jason flip up the glass case as the computer count down to '' 1 '' and smashes the Blue button . a beat of silence . computer core detonation ... abort . Jason turn to gwen and they look at each other appreciatively . jason see ? we can have fun off the set . gwen smile , exhales a laugh of relief . int . sarris 's ship - command deck sarris 's intelligence officer approach sarris . intelligence officer Sir , the core detonation sequence on the protector have be abort . 101 , sarris impossible ... impossible ! ( to munition officer ) Lieutenant , lock a full complement of implosion missile onto the protector . tear she apart . munition officer yes sir . int . protector - ship 's corridor the hundred of freed alien sweep through the corridor , overtake the scattered remnant of sarris 's guard . Alexander fight alongside they , deal crush blow to two Guards at a time as the alien sweep around he . Alexander and he character be now indistinguishable . Jason and gwen appear in the melee . jason Alex ! Alex , be you okay ? Alexander nod , a faraway look in he eye . alexander yes ... it be a good day . jason ( hesitant ) good ... let 's go , buddy , they can take it from here c’mon ... Alexander have to be practically drag away from fight one of sarris 's man ... corridor to command deck Jason , gwen and Alexander run up the hall . dusty and guy appear from around a corner and they all keep run . jason anybody see Tommy ? tommy ( 0.s. ) right here ! Tommy appear from the media room . they all run as a team toward the command deck . jason we have get to get the plasma armor up before sarris find out we have abort the detonation ... computer voice ( 0.s. ) warning . enemy missile launch . guy I think he find out . Alexander signal the door up ahead to open and they run into the 102 , command deck they quickly take they station . jason forward view . in the central viewscreen we see sarris 's ship dead ahead , have already launch a volley of weapon come straight for they . jason armor up ! guy plasma armor engage . just in time . the ship be rock , but not destroy . jason Fire blue and red gannet disrupter , full . guy launched . alexander he 's raise he armor . jason power to two . tommy want I to turn it around ? jason no , straight ahead Tommy . tommy you get it . the ship move straight toward sarris 's ship . a light blink on gwen 's control panel ... gwen Jason , it 's sarris . jason put he on . a image of sarris appear on the side monitor . sarris well be not this adorable . the actor have decide to play war with I ... gwen sarris 's ship be accelerate toward we at Mark 103 . jason accelerate to Mark 4 , Tommy . sarris this be embarrassing , really . I sha not tell this story when I return home . gwen he 's accelerate to Mark 6 . jason Mark 12 . outside the two ship roar toward each other at terrifying speed . int . command deck sarris I will remind you , sonny . I be a General . I have see war and death as you cannot imagine . if you be count on I to blink , you be make a very deadly mistake . jason let I tell you something , sarris . it do not take a great actor to recognize a bad one . you 's be sweat . indeed , a drop of sweat drip down sarris 's brow . alexander five second to impact ... tommy Sir ? Jason fix he gaze on sarris and ... smile . - jason ( intense , joyful ) damn the neutrino cannon . full speed ahead ! sarris crack . sarris turn ! turn full to Port ! the viewscreen fill with sarris 's ship as it turn , and miss collision by inches . gwen , Alexander and the other exchange relieved look . gwen he 's come around ... accelerate ... lock radar . he 's gain on we . tommy head Captain ? 104 . jason into the mine field . tommy ( nervous} Sir ? jason trust I . Tommy and the other look at he . they really seem to believe in he at this point . with a collective nod to Tommy ... tommy yes sir . ext . protector sarris 's ship follow the protector into the mine field . it begin firing missile . int . command deck Tommy avoid the mine , fly side to side , gracefully . but explosion from sarris 's missile rock the ship , again and again . gwen Jason ... the rear plasma armor be weaken . if it go , he 'il tear the engine apart . jason it 's okay . Tommy , think you can get a little closer to that mine ? tommy ? '' ( he smile , realize what Jason have in mind ) yes sir . I can try . 7 gwen turn to guy . gwen what be you do ? what be they do ?! Tommy steer the ship dangerously close to a mine ... then head toward another one , miss it by inch , then another ... a blast rock the ship . gwen rear armor be gone , Jason . it 's not that I do not trust you , Jason but - jason look out the back . gwen and the other turn to the rear monitor to see .. 105 . 's the magnetic mine , all curving behind the ship like a wake , converging on sarris 's ship . gwen turn to Jason , astonished . gwen I never doubted you for a second . int . sarris 's ship sarris 's eye open in terror as the mine converge in he path and the ship be send plowing through they , explosion after explosion tearing through its armor . he and he crew be toss around like rag doll . int . protector gwen his armor be completely go . he 's naked . jason swing she around , Tommy . ready the gannet cannon , guy . guy and tommy yes sir . int . sarris 's ship - the falcon 1 sarris see the protector swing on its axis , now fly backwards , and aiming straight toward he . a horrifying sight . sarris 's eye widen . sarris forward armor up ! lathe armor be deplete . sarris no . it can not be ..7 no. int . protector Jason stand . jason FIRE . ext . protector the powerful gannet cannon fire glow projectile . int . the falcon 1 sarris see the gannet projectile come toward they . sarris full turn to port ! 106 . lathe there be no more time , General . we be defeat . lathe stand start , move past sarris . sarris where be you go ?! lathe spit on sarris , contemptuously . lathe back to civilian life . lathe move toward the approaching projectile in the viewscreen , and close he eye , await he death . sarris no. no ! sarris rise , terror on he face as the glowing projectile fill the viewscreen . he dive for a raise platform at the side of the command deck and fumble with control as ... ext . falcon 1 the gannet projectile tear into the falcon , burrow deep inside the ship . there be a momentary pause and then a tremendous explosion . the falcon be ripped apart , million of fragment send in all direction . int . protector - command deck Jason stand , a clench fist . the other cheer ! gwen yeah ! yeah ! ° tommy and other we do it ! damn ! we did it ! int . protector hallway and various room all over the ship the alien cheer and celebrate they victory . int . command deck Jason and the other turn as the door open and betzalar enter , help along by two alien crewmen . he be bandage and have metal cast on a arm and leg . Jason run to he and help he to the Captain 's chair . they look at each other fondly . jason betzalar ... you be alive . thank God . betzalar look at Jason , the old twinkle back in he eye . then a smile break out on he face , and he begin to laugh ... Jason stare at he with a bewilder smile . 107 . jason wha - what be you laugh about ? betzalar the ship be a model ... as big as this !... ( hold he hand apart ) a very clever deception indeed ! he can not contain he laughter . Jason exchange a glance with gwen . this guy be believer to the end ... tommy set a course for home , Captain ? Jason turn to Tommy , astonished . jason you can do that ? tommy it 's point and click . this thing practically fly itself . we will have to go through that black hole though . he motion out the viewscreen at the swirl green spiral of a black hole ... jason anybody have any objection ? the rest of the crew exchange glance and shrug . they be pretty battle harden by this point . jason let 's do it , Tommy . tommy Captain ?... call I laredo ? jason Mark 20 into the black hole , laredo . they roar forward , pick up speed , shoot straight into the center of the black hole , the vibration cause resonate image , the hull creaking and groaning under the strain and it seem as if the ship be about to rip apart , then ... silence ... and everything turn really strange . body turn inside out , molecule be scattered , body melt to the ground into puddle , then resolve into they former selve ... and then ... a loud explosion like a sonic boom as they be rockete out the other end . planet roar past they like bullet . gwen we be out ! they all exchange relieved smile . 108 . we be alive ! tommy we make it . Captain , we make it ! alexander ( solemn , too soft for anyone to hear ) by grabthar 's hammer , we live to tell the tale . computer ( 0.s. ) system register functional . ( gleeful ) all system be work , Captain . jason how fast be we go , Tommy ? Tommy look at he control . Needles literally a blur . tommy pretty fast . Jason turn to look at the viewscreen - earth be visible now , and they be hurtling toward it fast . alexander Jason , before we enter the black hole , my instrument detect strange energy surge emanate from sarris 's ship similar to ... jason no time to worry about that , Alex . Tommy , let 's get this thing slowed down ... gwen , see if you can calculate the impact point . guy , get down to deck C and make sure the injure be secure . also let 's make sure - he stop and turn as he notice the cabin door open ... stand in the doorway be dusty ... he smile and walk into the room . his manner be strange , somehow sinister ... we notice a limp . jason dusty . what be you do up here ? you should get ck downstairs until we - but dusty suddenly dee a very peculiar thing ... he withdraw a disruptor pistol from he belt , level it at Jason . Jason smile , bewilder . be this a bizarre joke ? jason dusty ? dusty fire the gun . the blast hit Jason in the chest . 109 . . everyone turn , they can not believe they eye . Jason look at the blood spread on he chest . he take a step forward , then another , stumbling weakly toward dusty . he grab he collar and look into he hollow eye a moment before collapse to the ground . ... and as he go , he hand hit a switch on the familiar box on dusty 's belt ... we recognize it as appearance generator . dusty 's form flicker momentarily , then he transform into he true identity ... it 's sarris . scar , burn and bloody he look like the devil himself . he smile , raise he gun again , and begin firing ... everything turn to slow motion as ... Tommy be hit . his body go slumping over he console , push the thrust control full forward . the engine roar like a wounded animal . betzalar rise and try to grab the gun , but sarris backhand he , send he fly across the room . betzalar 's two crewmen wrestle with sarris . one be shot , send tumble backwards . Alexander and guy run , slow motion to help the other crewman as he struggle with sarris ... on the ground , Jason 's eye flicker at the carnage around he . it 's like a nightmare , but all too horribly real . he try to rise , but he be not able ... around he the bloodbath continue ... sarris fire wildly , shoot gwen as she try to reach Jason . she fall , she body slide next to Jason . Jason look into she eye as they dull to lifelessness . he yell grief stricken ... then lift himself up with herculean effort and begin to drag himself toward the front of the room as ... Alexander , rush sarris , be hit , clutching he neck ... guy manage to tackle sarris , and he and the other alien wrestle with sarris , try to get the gun away ... Alexander , fall and life drift away , look over to see ... Jason , with supreme effort , pull himself up on a console at the front of the room ... then Alex turn to see ... --- the earth , huge , filling the viewscreen and suddenly we be ... back in real time and everyone be jolted as the ship hit the atmosphere head straight down toward Earth at 20,000 mile a hour . suddenly Alexander , guy , betzalar and the remain alien look up at the sound of a voice ... jason ( 0.s. ) betzalar ... 110 , they turn to see ... jason , sway in the middle of the deck , bloody , weak , barely alive , but stand . jason {about to pass out ) activate ... the omega 13 . the survivor exchange expectant and terrify glance . betzalar quickly move to a control panel and push down a familiar crystalline rod and ... the elaborate mechanism , the omega 13 , unfold impossibly from the floor in front of jason . its center be a spin cyclotron of energy . in front of Jason be a prominent lever . Jason turn to the other ... nod a respectful goodbye ... and they all watch in horrified anticipation as on the viewscreen - the ground rush toward we and just as we hurdle into city pavement ... Jason pull the switch . blinding white . and everything go silent . Silent ... Silent ... Silent ... then , suddenly ... a loud explosion like a sonic boom . command deck - 13 second earlier gwen , Alexander , guy , and pommy be all alive - busy at they station as the protector hurtle out of the black hole . planet roar past they like bullet . . gwen we be out ! they all exchange relieved smile . guy we be alive ! tommy we make it . Captain , we make it ! alexander ( solemn , too soft for anyone to hear ) by grabthar 's hammer , we live to tell the tale . Jason look around , disorient . it take he a moment to register what be happen . everyone be alive . everything be as it be 13 second ago . he look down at he chest ... no wound ... the omega 13 be real . lll . computer ( 0.s. ) system register functional . gwen all system be work , Captain . they look out to see entire galaxies whizzing by they at incredible speed . planet speed by like bullet . tommy we be go pretty fast , Captain . should i- Jason start walk quickly across the room , ignore he . gwen Jason ? the earth fill the viewscreen . tommy Jason , we be go pretty damn fast !... gwen Jason ? but Jason just continue across the room , arrive at the entrance hatch just as it open and we only get a glimpse of dusty 's smile face before Jason bury he fist in it . Jason pull he up and throw he across the room . as dusty hit a control panel , he appearance generator switch be trigger revealing he as sarris . he lay there , unconscious . Alexander , gwen and the other stare , bewilder and amaze . jason everybody stay put . Tommy , slow this thing down . gwen - suddenly sarris rise and pull he guf , but be smashed square in the face by a metal crutch . we pan to betzalar hold the crutch , with a supremely satisfied expression . Jason move past he with a nod ... '' i’1l take it from here '' and dive on sarris ... the two lock in combat ... tommy oh my god . Jason !... on the viewscreen they be hurtling straight into earthas atmosphere . jason full reverse mark 10 ! with Jason distract , sarris pull he knife and be about to impale Jason when suddenly they hit the atmosphere ... sarris and Jason go fly ... 1l2 . int . brandon 's live room - day brandon 's mom and dad lounge on the couch read the LA time . a lazy Sunday afternoon . the tv be on in the background ... on tv : perky e! entertainment reporter share the latest gossip . in the corner of the screen , a particularly unflatter photo of Jason as Captain taggart . gossip reporter ..- Word have it that the actor who play 70 's Captain Peter quincy taggart might be due for a reality check on Earth . source report that Jason nesmith be rambling and incoherent when he describe a trip he would make recently to outer space . implore he fellow actor to join !... Jim dapperson report from the galaxy con Science fiction convention in pasadena .. cut to the reporter in front of the Convention center . a group of galaxy quest fan wave at the camera in the background reporter hi Marsha , it be the third day of the galaxy con and maybe Jason nesmith be not kid about he trip to space after all . he and the other actor who comprise the galaxy quest . team be all no show to the event , much to the disappointment of the fan of the old galaxy quest show , know as questoid . fan behind he questarian !... he raise he microphone to a disappointed fan dress in a tough warrior alien outfit . warrior alien we just really feel let down . I mean , part of the show be about stick with you friend no matter what ... and ... we just feel abandon . 'wipe a tear from inside he mask ) it 's hard . reporter do you think maybe ... he 's in space ? warrior alien be you mock I ? reporter heh heh ... molecularize I in , Marsha !... anchor Marsha do one of that entertainment anchor laugh / sigh . brandon 's parent , turn page of they paper , not even watch the tv ... then brandon enter in a rush , two box of July 4th firework in he arm ... 113 . brandon bye ! back soon ! mom wait , where be you go with that firework , brandon ? brandon ( fast , in one breath ) the protector get super accelerate come out of the black hole and they be try to slow it down but it just hit the atmosphere at Mark 15 which be pretty unstable of course so we be go to ze down to 3rd street and help laredo guide it in with roman candle ... mom okay , hon . dinner at seven . brandon exit . brandon 's dad give Mom a glance . mom at least it 's outside . on the television in the background , a news reporter appear . reporter we interrupt this broadcast to report that a unidentified object have break through the Earth 's atmosphere ... I repeat ... Mom and dad flip page , not aware of the tv at all . hollywood hill tourist be dumbfounded as the protector come burn through the atmosphere and over the Hollywood sign . downtown '' LA hundred of people watch freeze as the protector come hurtle across the sky , delicately take off the flash tip of the bonaventure 's light tower . 134 freeway traffic jam on the 134 . a woman in a convertible Jeep listen to the radio , when suddenly the reception go to static and we hear the broadcast chatter from the protector over the airwave . jason ( 0.s. ) hold course , laredo ! tommy ( 0.s. ) I be try Captain ... everything 's a blur ... 1 can not see ! gwen ( 0.5 . ) Tommy , look ! that light ... like a runway !... 114 . tommy ( 0.s. ) I see they ! I see they ! 3rd STREET - pasadena brandon and he team , along with a number of other heroic nerd , stand in they uniform in a line on either side of 3rd street , bleb of fire shoot from they roman candle ... we pan up to see ... the protector appear over the horizon ... and now we can see its awesome scale in context ... gigantic and breathtaking . it come hurtling over the tree-line blvad . Cars dodge and reverse to get out of its way for block ahead . it touch the ground right next to brandon -- who can actually look in and see he heroes inside for a instant -- then skip like a stone , spark blaze ... down the street it go , slide two hundred yard straight toward a large recognizable building ... the site of the galaxy con . ..- right toward the banner which read '' welcome space travellers !o ... ... and crash right into the side of the building . int . convention hall fan run for there live as brick and plaster fly everywhere . the ship teeter in a cloud of dust as it finally come to rest , halfway in and halfway out of the building , have demolish the stage area ... shock silence . the fan ... the seller at they booth ... everyone be freeze . the announcer slowly rise from under he card table ... then we see the ship 's main hydraulic hatch open ... a ramp lower to the ground and ... a figure emerge ... it 's tommy , look bruise and scar and certainly the worse for wear . the fan do not know how to react .... in the silence Tommy look around the hall ... hundred of face look back at he . then they begin to applaud . Tommy look around , flabbergasted . then - what the hell - he wave . see this , the announcer raise he microphone , hesitantly . announcer ..-. " Lt. laredo '' , Tommy Webber ! then gwen appear , help dusty down the ramp . he 's limping , both as beat up and war-torn as Tommy , the three stand together and look out at the audience , shell - shocked . announcer the beautiful tawny madison ... gwen demarco with ship 's tech sergeant chen , dusty kwan ! the fan applaud cheer and shout ... then guy stumble out , a cut on he head , look disorient . he look out at the cheer fan ... the announcer be not sure who he be .. announcer uh ... another shipmate ... guy stare out at the hundred of face , then a smile creep slowly onto he face . guy I '' alive ... I be -... I be the plucky comic relief ! I be the plucky comic relief ! his maniacal laughter be drown out by the applause . then everyone 's attention turn to ... a flickering creature come down the ramp with Alexander help he . it be betzalar , he '' appearance generator '' on the blink , and he entire body alternate ' tween he human and alien form . announcer Dr. lazarus of tev 's mek , Sir Alexander dane and ... a friend ! the crowd continue to go nut . dusty betzalar ... be you all right ? betzalar we will be fine now , thanks to all of you ... the fan then look up , astonished to see glimpsis of hundred more of the alien in the ship 's porthole ... everything grow silent . they can not believe they eye . then , suddenly as if all this be not enough ... there be a crash and ... jason emerge with sarris , the two locked in mortal combat . sarris be bigger and meaner , but Jason have the advantage . he quickly overcome sarris , punch he again and again and again until sarris collapse to the ground unconscious . announcer Captain Peter quincy taggart ... Jason nesmith ! Jason , gwen , Alexander , dusty , Tommy and guy stand there , shoulder to shoulder , as the audience go into a frenzy of applause ... whether it 's real or not be no longer relevant to they . they be just jubilant . Jason look out and spot brandon and he friend in the back of the room ... 116 . with a look of true gratitude , Jason cross he fist in the traditional galaxy quest gesture of respect , and brandon return it , about to burst with pride ... gwen turn to Alexander as the audience cheer ... gwen he always have to make the big entrance . alexander by grabthar 's Hammer , this be true . int . live room - somewhere - night a cute little boy , no older than 6 , lay on a carpet in front of he television , swinging he leg and munch on a bowl of popcorn . on tv we see the open to galaxy quest , but now the effect be modern , tv quality cgi and Jason and the other be they current age . the title come up read ... galaxy quest , the journey continue and as the ship whizze past and out to space , the little boy raise he little fist in the air and shout , a joyous sparkle in he eye ... little boy never give up . never surrender !.... . CUT to black : the end.