game of throne " the Dragon and the Wolf " written by David Benioff & D. B. Weiss base on a song of Ice and Fire by George R.R. Martin game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 1 . ext . king be landing - day the unsullied stand in formation , immobile . they phalanx be eight man deep and thirty man long , and they line stretch nearly a mile . grey worm stand at the head of the central phalanx . he look ahead , to the wall of King 's landing . ext . king 's landing battlement - day we see the unsully from a high , distant perspective : bronn 's perspective , specifically , as he inspect the lannister force on the city wall . this be what a true lannister deployment look like : a line of soldier stretch into the distance as far as the eye can see , prepare for a attack from any point . bronn look over the battlement to see many more man at the ready in the courtyard below , where many barrel be also be stack . a lannister general on the battlement supervise the barrel stack . bronn question the man : bronn oil ? lannister general pitch , my lord . bronn look at the barrel in the courtyard . bronn how many barrel ? lannister general five hundred , my lord . bronn look out at the unsully . bronn get five hundred more . lannister general yes , my lord . the general leave to see to he order . bronn continue down the battlement , to jaime lannister . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 2 . continued : bronn I still enjoy it when they call I '' my lord . '' jaime the thrill will fade . bronn look out at the unsully . bronn if we live that long . they both look out at the unsully for a moment . bronn Men without cock . would not find I fight in a army if I have no cock . what 's leave to fight for ? jaime gold ? bronn I spend my life around soldier . what do you think they spend that gold on ? Point take . jaime family ? bronn not without a cock , you do not . hmm . jaime maybe it really be all cock in the end . bronn ( be : unsully ) and yet , you brother have choose to side with the cockless . jaime yes , he 's always be a champion of the downtrodden . a trumpet sound from a tower above . Jaime and bronn return they attention to the distance . game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 3 . ext . king be landing - day the dothraki horde break the horizon and head toward the city , 10,000 screamer strong . the dothraki pour through the gap in the unsully phalanx ; they passage do not cause a single unsully to flinch . ext . king 's landing battlement - day the dothraki present they customary show of strength before the city wall , a cyclone of horse and steel and scream warrior , swirl before the immobile unsully . and then , without warning or apparent signal , they stop in front of the unsully and fall silent , in ready position , eerily motionless , stare up at the nervous defender of the city . bronn I think we be about to be the downtrodden . ext . dany's flagship - day tyrion lannister stand on the starboard deck of dany 's flagship , stand next to vary and theon greyjoy . he step away from they , head toward the bow , where jon snow stand with davos seaworth . tyrion join they . the three man look at King 's landing , in the distance . nearby jorah mormont and missandei look across the water , and the few escort ship follow behind they flagship . dany herself be notably absent . jon how many people live here ? tyrion a million , give or take . jon try to get he head around this notion . jon that 's more people than we have in the entire North . ( more ) ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 4 . continued : jon ( cont 'd ) cramme into that . why would anyone want to live that way ? tyrion there 's more work in the city . and the brothel be far superior . int . dany's flagship - storage area - day in a dark storage area below deck , amidst various crate and sack of food , the hound approach a crate that be separate from the rest . the top be padlock on two side . he stand in front of it and listen to the silence . he raise a finger , and tap the crate once , quietly . a barrage of thumping and snarling explode from inside the crate , shaking it on the floorboard . satisfied that they precious cargo be undead and well , the hound walk away . int . cersei be bedroom - day cersei lannister have hear news from qyburn . Jaime be also present . the mountain stand at he post nearby , silent as always . cersei why be not she with they ? qyburn I be afraid I do not know , you grace . no one have see she . cersei and the rest of they ? qyburn they're on they way to the dragonpit now . cersei include we brother ? qyburn yes , you grace . cersei approach the Mountain . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 5 . continued : cersei if anything go wrong , kill the silver - haire bitch first . then we brother , then the bastard who call himself king . the rest of they you can kill in any order you see fit . ser gregor nod . both Jaime and qyburn appear troubled . cersei come , ser gregor . it 's time for we to meet we guest . ser gregor open the door . cersei leave she chamber . Jaime , qyburn and gregor follow . ext . road to dragonpit - day tyrion , jon and company approach on the main road : davos , vary , missandei , jorah , theon . qhono and nine other dothraki march with they , keep a watchful eye . they wear the burnt , tear , bloody coat of lannister officer they murder in ep.704 . the hound bring up the rear of the procession , walk alongside a donkey cart , which carry the padlock crate see in the hold of the ship previously . dany be still not here . missandei look up , and see a forebode piece of the dragonpit peek above the foliage line . missandei why do they build it ? jorah dragon do not understand the difference between what 's theirs and what be not . land , livestock . Children . letting they roam free around a city be a problem . tyrion I imagine it be a sad joke at the end . that entire colossal arena , for a few sickly creature smaller than dog . but in the beginning , when it be home to balerion the dread ... tyrion look up at the visible section of the dragonpit as they approach a bend , and speak with admiration : ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 6 . continued : tyrion it must have be the most dangerous place in the world . davos be not look up ; he 's look straight ahead . davos maybe it still be . a contingent of twenty lannister guard have round the bend and be head they way , lead by bronn . also in tow : brienne and podrick payne . they be walk on they own , but the three guard on brienne and one on pod make it clear that they be guest of the nation . we group stop . the dothraki get ready to fight , but tyrion wave they down . they wait for bronn to approach . all be surprised to see brienne and pod here . but no one be more surprised than the hound . bronn welcome , my lord . ( be : brienne and pod ) you friend arrive before you do . I have be send to escort you all to the meeting . they follow bronn -- but pod stay behind , face to face with tyrion . neither man think they have ever see the other again . tyrion a pleasant surprise in a unpleasant situation . pod fully agree . pod I never think I have see you again , my lord . tyrion support the enemy , no less . pod hard to blame you . tyrion cersei will anyway . pod I be glad you be alive . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 7 . continued : ( 2 ) the lannister rear guard be upon they . they face tell tyrion and pod that it 's time to move on -- and bronn approach to do the same : bronn come on . you can suck he magic cock later . tyrion smile . he 's miss this lad . ext . road to dragonpit - new vantage point - day we group walk onward , toward the dragonpit , the lannister guard outnumber the dothraki more than two - to-one . a lannister guard walk close behind the hound . too close . lannister guard what 's in there ? the hound look the man in the eye . hound fuck off . the guard be old enough to have a healthy fear of joffrey 's mad dog . he do not push . the hound stay with he cart , look ahead of he to brienne , the woman who almost kill he . brienne look back at he . brienne slow down , allow the hound to catch up alongside she . he throw she a sideways glance , then look back to he lannister friend . the guard fall back , let they speak privately . the hound return he gaze forward . brienne I think you be dead . hound not yet . you come pretty close . they walk in silence for a moment . brienne I be only try to protect she . hound you and I both . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " continued : brienne she 's alive . Arya . the hound have not hear this yet . hound where ? brienne winterfell . hound who 's protect she , if you be here ? brienne smile . brienne the only one who need protect be the one who get in she way . a rare smile from the hound . hound wo not be I . tyrion , vary , pod and bronn walk together , near the front . the first three be acutely aware of the tension inherent in this situation . bronn be also , though he pretend not to be . tyrion here we be . the heroes of blackwater Bay . strange place for a reunion . pod it be , my lord . tyrion I do not think I be anyone 's lord anymore , podrick . save the title for ser bronn of the blackwater . bronn I be sure you new queen will be happy to restore yours , if she end up on the throne . tyrion you have be think about we new queen . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 9 . continued : ( 2 ) tyrion ( cont 'd ) perhaps you have be reconsider you allegiance . remember my offer , whatever they be pay you , I will pay double . vary and that would be double what , now , exactly ? bronn do not you worry about I . I be do all right . look after myself . tyrion be you ? helping I to arrange this meeting be not exactly look after yourself , be it ? you put yourself at risk . bronn I put yourself at risk . important difference . it 's you head Queen cersei 's offer a bag of gold for , it 's not mine . now , thanks to I , she 's get two traitor 's head come right through she door . she can lop they both off , as soon as she get tired of the clever word that pour out they piehole . all thanks to ser bronn of the Fucking blackwater . if that 's not look after myself , I do not know what be . they walk in silence for a long tense beat , as tyrion study bronn . tyrion it 's good to see you again . bronn smile in spite of himself . bronn yeah . you too . the hound unlatch he cart from the donkey , and turn to he lannister guard . hound anyone touch it , I 'il kill you first . sometimes , be a lannister guard be just no fun at all . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 10 . continued : ( 3 ) they all enter the dragonpit . ext . dragonpit - MAIN floor - day they enter the ruin of a architectural marvel , detritus scattered around the edge . the weight of history stay they tongue . that , and the twenty more lannister guard station in the stand . they take in the scene as bronn lead they to they seat . cersei have not make fancy preparation . just the appropriate number of chair , group accord to allegiance , with a pergola to shade they from the sun . cersei 's chair be on the end , face the entrance . her own chair be larger and more ornate than the rest . to cersei 's right , there be six chair for dany 's group ; bronn motion tyrion in that direction . to cersei 's leave , there be three chair for jon 's group ; bronn motion jon in that direction . they make they way to they appoint chair , but do not sit . the dothraki all fall in behind dany 's chair , leave jon , davos and brienne hang in the wind . the hound stand to jon 's right , nearest to cersei 's podium . bronn put he arm around pod . bronn come on , pod . let 's you and I go have a drink while the fancy folk talk . however friendly bronn 's tone , this be not a request . pod give brienne one last look , and exit through a side entrance with bronn . the twenty lannister guard that escort they into the dragonpit remain , however , in formation on either side of the entrance through which they come . we group exchange glance . the bulk of the glance be aim at tyrion . the hound approach he . hound I leave this shit city because I do not want to die in it . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 11 . continued : hound be I go to die in this shit city ? tyrion you might . hound and this be all you idea . tyrion look around at the lannister who may murder they . honesty force he to nod . the hound take a breath . hound seem every bad idea have some lannister cunt behind it . tyrion and some clegane cunt to help they see it through . the sound of armored man march draw all they attention back to the entrance . the march grow louder and louder . ext . dragonpit - MAIN floor - cersei 's arrival - continuous the Mountain enter first , run point on cersei and she entourage : Jaime , qyburn , euron . the entirety of she queensguard ( 6 ) surround they . ten more lannister guard bring up the rear , for good measure . the hound recognize the Mountain on sight . without hesitation , cersei head toward she seat , veer toward jon 's side of the dragonpit . jon watch she , try not to look out of he element . Jaime pass right by brienne . his expression ask she what the hell she 's do here , but unfortunately this be a question she expression be incapable of answer . cersei 's gaze go to tyrion . who kill she mother , who kill she father , who be now wear the Hand pin of cersei 's nemesis . euron be smile , always smile , especially at theon . the hound step away from he post behind brienne and walk directly toward cersei 's riser . the Mountain step out in front of he Queen and onto the ground . nobody else move . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 12 . continued : the hound 's hand be nowhere near he sword . as far as he be concerned , none of they be even here . only the Mountain . hound remember I ? he look into the Mountain 's dead eye . hound yeah . you do . ( look closer ) you be even fuck uglier than I be now . what do they do to you ? ( no answer ) do not matter . that 's not how it end for you , brother . you know who 's come for you . you have always know . the Mountain have no comment , he turn and walk back to he place behind cersei . the hound walk away from they all , toward the door through which he come . cersei where be she ? tyrion she will be here soon . cersei try to keep she extreme displeasure in check , and nearly succeed . cersei do not travel with you ? tyrion no . Jaime be still look at brienne . cersei notice Jaime look at brienne . brienne look away , too late . cersei look to Jaime , who be save from have to explain this by a familiar cry that come from above , and the sound of beat wing . ext . dragonpit - MAIN floor - dany 's arrival - continuous the wing grow louder , and soon they be move enough air to flutter the fabric of the pergola . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 13 . continued : everyone but cersei emerge from the pergola in time to see it : drogon land on the lip of the dragonpit , with daenerys targaryen on he back , crush the area where he claw set down . cersei stare at she enemy , this baby - face usurper who 's come to take what 's hers . rhaegal circle in the sky overhead . drogon clamber down the stand a bit ; some of the more deteriorate stone crumble beneath he weight . as dany climb out onto he wing , euron stare at the beast , entrance . he look to cersei , then back to dany . by this time , dany be climb off drogon 's wing , to the ground of the dragonpit . as she make she way to the gather , drogon take to the air again to join he brother , the two of they rise in gyre to the sky overhead , remain in sight . most be cow by the sight of this beast , include dany 's ally . not cersei . all she display be disdain for the theatricality of the gesture . jon snow sit . davos and brienne follow suit . dany arrive at she chair and sit . all she people follow suit . this gather represent almost all the power in the live world , and they be all aware of it . no one be in a rush to speak the first word , because boss do not rush . cersei we have be here for some time . dany my apology . dany nod to tyrion . tyrion stand . tyrion we be all face a unique -- from he seat , euron interrupt tyrion . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 14 . continued : ( 2 ) euron theon : I have you sister . if you do not submit to I here and now , I will kill she . tyrion look to Jaime : who the fuck be this guy ? Jaime 's expression tell he that Jaime be not a fan . tyrion I think we ought to begin with larger concern . euron then why be you talk ? you be the smallest concern here . euron rise from he seat and approach tyrion . tyrion turn to theon . tyrion do you remember when we discuss dwarf joke ? theon his be not even good . tyrion he explain it at the end . never explain , it always ruin it . euron we do not even let you kind live in the Iron Islands , you know . we kill you at birth . a act of mercy for the parent . jaime ( to euron ) perhaps you ought to sit down . euron why ? cersei deal with euron before he can derail thing further . cersei sit down or leave . the Mountain step forward and stare at euron . euron 's smile waver a bit , and he sit . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 15 . continued : ( 3 ) tyrion we be a group of people who do not like one another , as this recent demonstration have show . ( beat ) we have suffer at each other 's hand . we have lose people we love at each other 's hand . if all we want be more of the same , there would be no need for this gather . we be entirely capable of wage war against each other without meeting face to face . cersei so instead we be go to settle we difference and live together in harmony for the rest of we day . tyrion we all know that will never happen . cersei then why be we here ? jon stand . jon this be not about live in harmony . it 's just about live . the same thing be come for all of we : a general you can not negotiate with . a army that do not leave corpse behind on the battlefield . ( beat ) Lord tyrion tell I a million people live in this city . they be about to become a million more soldier in the Army of the Dead . cersei I imagine for most of they it would be a improvement . jon this be serious . I would not be here if it be not . cersei I do not think it 's serious at all . I think it 's another bad joke . ( to dany ) ( more ) ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 16 . continued : ( 4 ) cersei ( cont 'd ) if my brother Jaime have inform I correctly , you be ask I for a truce . dany yes . that 's all . cersei that 's all . pull my army back and stand down while you go on you monster hunt . or while you solidify and expand you position . hard for I to know which it be , with my army pull back . until you return and march on my capital with four time the man . dany you capital will be safe until the Northern threat be deal with . you have my word . cersei the word of a would - be usurper . dany do not like that word , but before she can escalate , tyrion speak : tyrion there be no conversation that will erase the past fifty year . ( to cersei and Jaime ) we have something to show you . ext . dragonpit - MAIN floor - hound 's arrival - a few moment later we follow the hound into the dragonpit ; the crate he bring in on the cart be now on he back , secure with rope . he bring the crate into the middle of the space between the summit faction and put it down . he throw the rope aside . he unlock the padlock and take it off . he open the top and step back . everyone watch the open crate . people crane they neck try to see over the lip of the crate . nothing happen . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 17 . continued : jon be worried . if this thing do not do what it 's suppose to , this whole gather have be for naught . impatient , the hound kick over the crate , knock it on it 's side . the wight bolt out of he casket . he no longer wear he winter clothing , only scrap of cloth that reveal the rotting mess of he body , and the hole where the hound slam he down on drogon 's spike . he have a metal collar around he neck ... .+. but we do not have a chance to properly register this as he 's make for cersei , snarling and gnash . cersei recoil . feeling no undead camaraderie with the creature whatever , the Mountain draw he sword and step to cersei 's side , ready to slice the thing in two . the creature be almost upon cersei . it reach for she -- -- and be roughly jerk to the ground . the hound hold the chain attach to the wight 's collar , one we probably do not notice until now . the other end of the chain be secure to the bottom of the crate . the wight come for the hound . the hound draw he sword and cut the wight neatly in half , right through the waist . its leg continue kick . the sight have the desire effect on everyone . they be see something that many of they think be impossible . cersei and Jaime try to process what they be see . as do brienne . the wight 's torso keep come for the hound , crawl over the ground , shattered tooth gnash . the hound chop a arm off at the elbow . the arm keep flex and grasp . the demonstration shake cersei in a way few thing can . and though tyrion be see this for the first time as well , he spend more time watch cersei than he do watch the wight itself . noting she reaction . everyone who have never see a wight be shocked as well . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 18 . continued : ( 2 ) everyone except for qyburn , that be , who step forward to pick up the still - move hand and forearm , and behold it with fascination . with a flint , davos spark a torch and hand it to jon . he take the hand from qyburn , ignites it and drop it . the hand die . jon we can destroy they by burn they . ( beat ) and we can destroy they with dragonglass . he draw a dragonglass dagger . jon if we do not win this fight , then that ... he point to the wight 's torso as it crawl toward he with its single arm . jon .-. be the fate of every person in the world . when the wight 's torso reach he , he pick it up by its remain wrist , and stab it with the dragonglass . it deanimate and fall to piece , end the demonstration . jon there be only one war that matter : the great War . and it be here . dany support jon 's claim : dany I do not believe it , until I see they . I see they all . cersei look at she , but find herself at a rare loss for word . jaime how many ? dany a hundred thousand . at least . cersei weigh what she hear . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 19 . continued : ( 3 ) jon , tyrion and dany watch she , hopeful . euron have stand up , and walk over to the bone of the deanimate wight . he touch it . euron can they swim ? jon no . euron good . he drop the bone . euron I be take my fleet back to the Iron Islands . cersei be take aback . cersei what be you talk about ? euron I have be around the world . I have see everything , thing you could not imagine . and this ... he poke at the wight 's skull with he foot . euron this be the only thing I have ever see that terrify I . he smile , savore the thrill of a new feel , then turn to dany . euron I be go back to my island . you should go back to yours . when winter 's over , we will be the only one leave alive . exit euron . when cersei 's surprise at this betrayal recede , she have something to say . cersei he 's right to be afraid . and a coward to run . ( more ) ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 20 . continued : ( 4 ) cersei ( cont 'd ) if that thing come for we , there will be no kingdom to rule . everything we have suffer will have be for nothing . everything we have lose will have be for nothing . ( to dany ) the Crown accept you truce . until the dead be defeat , they be the true enemy . the relief be palpable all around . until cersei turn to jon . cersei in return , the King in the North will extend this truce . he will remain in the North where he belong , he will not take up arm against the lannister . he will not choose side . dany just the King in the North ? not I ? cersei I would never ask it of you . you would never agree to it , and if you do I would trust you even less than I do now . I ask it only of ned Stark 's son . I know ned Stark 's son will be true to he word . jon look to the people whose opinion he value most : davos . dany . jon I be true to my word , or I try to be . ( beat ) that be why I can not give you what you ask . I can not serve two queen . and I have already pledge myself to Queen daenery of House targaryen . this admission shock dany , who can not believe he would jeopardize the great War to tell this truth . it shock everyone else because they have no idea jon have bent the knee to dany in the first place . cersei stand . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 21 . continued : ( 5 ) cersei then there be nothing leave to discuss . the dead will come for the North first . enjoy deal with they . we will deal with whatever be leave of you . cersei walk away from the gather . all the queensguard and lannister guard follow . ext . dragonpit - MAIN floor - en route to exit as Jaime pass brienne on the way out , she stand and follow he toward the exit , talk as she go . brienne ser Jaime . jaime it 's be good to see you . I imagine the next time will be across a battlefield . brienne we both see what just happen . we both see ... that thing . jaime yes , I be not look forward to see more of they . but I be loyal to the Queen , and you be loyal to sansa and she dolt brother , so -- brienne fuck loyalty ! she hit he on he shoulder . hear this word come from brienne 's mouth be enough to stop Jaime in he track . jaime fuck loyalty ? brienne this go beyond house and honor and oath . talk to the Queen . Jaime turn to see cersei in the doorway , watch he stand there with brienne . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 22 . continued : jaime and tell she what ? Jaime extricate himself . brienne watch he as he return to cersei 's side , and they disappear from the dragonpit . ext . dragonpit - MAIN floor - with the rest of the group jon face the reaction to what he 's do . davos I wish you have not do that . dany I be grateful for you loyalty . but my dragon die so that we could be here . if it 's all for nothing , then he die for nothing . jon I know . tyrion I be pleased you bent the knee to we Queen . I would have advise it , have you ask . but ... have you ever consider learn how to lie ? every now and then , just a bit ? jon I be not go to swear a oath I can not uphold . talk about my father if you want , tell I that 's the attitude that get he kill . but when enough people make false promise , word stop meaning anything . then there be no more answer , only better and better lie . and lie will not help we in this fight . tyrion that be indeed a problem . the more immediate problem be that we be fuck . davos any idea as to how we might change that state of affair ? ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 23 . continued : tyrion only one . everyone stay here . and I go and talk to my sister . dany I do not come all this way to have my Hand murder . tyrion I do not want cersei to murder I either . I could have just stay in my cell and save a great deal of trouble . jon I do this . I should go . tyrion she will definitely murder you . tyrion do appreciate this offer . but : tyrion I go see my sister alone . or we all go home , and we be right back where we start . the certainty of he statement brook no further dissent . dany nod . tyrion take a breath , turn and head for the exit , alone . they all watch he disappear from the dragonpit . int . corridor to cersei be office - day the Mountain lead tyrion down a Red keep corridor , toward cersei 's chamber . tyrion look up at the Mountain , tower over he . the Mountain do not look down at he . his eye remain straight ahead . tyrion be deeply regret this idea . they turn onto int . different corridor - continuous Jaime wait for they here . at the end of the corridor , be a close door . the Mountain go to stand beside it . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 24 . continued : tyrion you speak with she . jaime at she . until she kick I out . she think I be a idiot to trust you . a lot of people seem to think that , actually . tyrion I be about to step into a room with the most murderous woman in the world , who 's already try to kill I twice . that I know of . who 's a idiot ? jaime I suppose we should say goodbye , one idiot to another . tyrion nod . gregor open the door , and tyrion go to speak with he sister . int . cersei be office - day tyrion enter . gregor close the door . cersei be seat behind she desk , which be once she father 's desk , in the office at the far end of the room . tyrion start the long walk toward she , along the small council table . the Mountain 's heavy footfalls thud behind he . tyrion stop . the footstep stop . tyrion start again . when tyrion reach the office threshold , the Mountain take up he post next to the lannister lion ironwork . tyrion stand before he sister . cersei regards he , but do not speak . cersei I should not be surprised . I suppose she 's you kind of woman : a foreign whore who do not know she place . tyrion a foreign whore you can not abduct , beat or intimidate . that must be difficult for you . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 25 . continued : cersei so you bring she here with she pet northerner , whom you have convinced to bow down before she -- tyrion I do not know about that -- cersei -- and now you have get both work towards the same goal . the goal you have work toward you entire life -- tyrion cersei , I do not know -- cersei -- the destruction of this family . it be the same accusation she 's levele at he for decade . he find it exhaust and exasperate . tyrion I be the one prevent that from happen ! daenery do not want to debate and negotiate . she do not want to bring you word , she want to bring you fire and blood , until I advise she otherwise . I do not want to destroy we family . I never have . cersei you kill we father . tyrion after he sentence I to death for a crime I do not commit . ( beat ) yes , I kill he . hate I for it if you want . I hate myself for it , in spite of what he be , in spite of what he do to I . cersei oh , poor little man . you papa be mean to you . do you have any idea what you do when you fire that crossbow ? you leave we open . you laid we bare for the vulture and the vulture come and tore we apart . ( more ) ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 26 . continued : ( 2 ) cersei ( cont 'd ) you may not have kill joffrey , but you kill myrcella , and you kill tommen . no one would have touch they if father be here . no one would have dare . the death of he niece and nephew pain he deeply . tyrion I have never be more sorry about anything , I - - cersei I will not hear it , not from you -- tyrion please , just let I -- cersei I will not hear it . she mean it . tyrion all right . tyrion stand , and step over to the threshold of the office , where the Mountain stand . tyrion you love you family , and I have destroy it . I will always be a threat . so put a end to I . the Mountain turn to face he . tyrion look up at he , then return he attention to cersei . tyrion if it be not for I , you would have a mother . if it be not for I , you would have a father . if it be not for I you would have two beautiful child . I have think about kill you more time than I can count . ( beat ) do it ! say the word . he 's right . it 's within she grasp , what she 's want so badly for so long . she look to the Mountain , who look to she , wait for the signal . with a nod of the head she can have it . she look away . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 27 . continued : ( 3 ) the Mountain turn away , and tyrion step away from he . he step over to the side table , pick up a wine vase , and pour a glass of wine for himself . he take a very large drink . he then pour a glass for cersei , walk over , and set it down beside she . he return to the side table for he own wine and resume a respectful distance on the other side of the desk . tyrion I be more sorry about the child than you could ever know . cersei I will not ( hear ) -- tyrion I do not care . I love they . you know I do . you know it in you heart , if there 's anything leave of it . she do know . she drink . cersei it do not matter . you love do not matter . you feeling do not matter . I do not care why you do what you do . I only care what it cost we . it cost we we future . tyrion if there 's no future , then why be we here ? why do you allow I to come ? cersei not to help my enemy collaborate in my destruction . tyrion yes , no not what you hope for . but you must have hope for something . he be more right than he know . she deflect . cersei what do you hope for ? to make jon snow submit to you Queen ? tyrion not like this . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 28 . continued : ( 4 ) cersei but eventually . you want everyone to bend the knee to she . tyrion yes . cersei why ? tyrion because I think she will make the world a better place . cersei you say she would destroy King 's landing . she make a fair point . tyrion she know herself . she choose a advisor who would check she worst impulse , instead of feed they . that 's the difference between you . cersei I do not care about check my worst impulse . I do not care about make the world a better place . hang the world . cersei fold she hand across she stomach . cersei that thing you drag here , I know what it be and I know what it mean . and when it come at I , I do not think about the world . not at all . as soon as it open its mouth , the world disappear for I , right down its black throat . tyrion notice the barely perceptible movement of cersei 's bottom hand over she belly . cersei all I could think about be keep that gnash tooth away from that who mean the most to I . away from my family . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 29 . continued : ( 5 ) tyrion see what he see , and know what it mean . he can hardly believe it , but he know it to be true . cersei maybe euron greyjoy have the right idea : get on a boat , take that who matter -- tyrion you be pregnant . she stay silent for too long , long enough to tell he that he 's right . and once she know he know , she can think of nothing else to say . ext . dragonpit - MAIN floor - day jon be ponder , look at the detritus on the ground , when dany approach . he have a small dragon jawbone in he hand . jon no one be less happy about this than I be . dany I know . I respect what you do . I wish you have not do it , but I respect it . dany step closer to jon and take the small jawbone from he hand . they finger touch briefly . dany this place be the beginning of the end for my family . ( in valyrian ) Zaldrize buzdari ikso daor . ( for jon 's benefit ) a dragon be not a slave . they be terrifying , extraordinary , they fill people with wonder and awe . and we lock they in here . they waste away . they grow small . and we grow small as well . we be not extraordinary without they . we be just like everyone else . dany hold the jawbone out for jon . he take it and they finger touch again . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 30 . continued : he score jon you be not like everyone else . and you family have not see its end . you be still here . dany I can not have child . jon who tell you that ? dany the witch who murder my husband . jon have it occur to you she might not have be a reliable source of information ? a small smile . dany you be right , from the beginning . if I have trust you everything would be different . jon so what now ? dany I can not forget what I see north of the Wall . and I can not pretend that cersei will not take back half the country the moment I march north . jon it appear tyrion 's assessment be correct . ( clarify ) we be fuck . they allow themselves a brief gallow laugh . the laughter fade , but they continue to hold each other 's gaze until it be pleasantly uncomfortable . tyrion 's return to the dragonpit break the moment . everyone look at he , step toward he . he be expressionless , and alone . crest fall . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 31 . continued : ( 2 ) and then cersei enter behind he , with Jaime , qyburn , the Mountain and the queensguard in tow . vary reenter as well . cersei my army will not stand down . I will not pull they back to the capital . ( beat ) I will march they north , to fight alongside you in the great War . the darkness be come for we all . we will face it together . this be the last thing anyone expect to hear . dany and jon both look at tyrion . tyrion meet they gaze with a subtle expression : tyrion lannister , motherfucker . cersei and when the great War be over , perhaps you will remember I choose to help with no promise or assurance from any of you . ( beat ) I expect not . she turn to qyburn and give the order : cersei call we banner . all of they . exit cersei . ext . the skie above winterfell - day the blizzard have reach gothic proportion . a lone raven battle the strong wind and tumble snow . in the distance , the tower of winterfell be barely visible through the storm . int . winterfell - jon' office - day sansa stark sit at jon 's desk , tapping the wood with the unroll raven scroll . littlefinger stand on the other side of the desk . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 32 . continued : even with a fire burn brightly in the fireplace and the window board up , it 's obviously freezing in here , and both of they be bundle against the cold . littlefinger it 's not easy for raven to fly in this storm . perhaps jon try to send word earlier -- sansa no . this be the way he be . the way he 's always be . he never ask my opinion . why would he start now ? littlefinger I can not believe he have surrender the Northern crown without consulting you -- sansa ( hold up scroll ) this be he write ! his signature ! he pledge to fight for daenery targaryen . he bent the knee ! littlefinger move about the room , examine a ancient first Men carve of a wolf . littlefinger I have hear gossip that the Dragon Queen be quite beautiful . sansa what do that have to do with anything ? littlefinger jon be young and unmarried . daenery be young and unmarried . sansa stare at he in disbelief . sansa you think he want to marry she ? littlefinger a alliance make sense . together they would be difficult to defeat . he let that think sink in for sansa , before continue . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 33 . continued : ( 2 ) littlefinger he be name King in the North . he can be unnamed . sansa glance at littlefinger and look away . to turn that far against she brother ? sansa even if I want to ... Arya would never go along . she 's always love jon . Far more than she ever love I . and she have kill anyone who betrayed she family . littlefinger you be she family , too . would Arya really murder she own sister ? sansa do you know what she be now ? do you know what the faceless Men be ? littlefinger only by reputation . they worship the God of death , I believe . ( shrugging ) I never trust godly man . sansa they be killer . and Arya be one of they . ( beat ) what do you think she 's after ? littlefinger she 's you sister . you know she far better than I ever could . he watch sansa for a long beat . littlefinger sometimes , when I be try to understand a person 's motive , I play a little game . I assume the worst . what 's the worst reason they could possibly have for say what they say , and do what they do ? then I ask myself : how well do that reason explain what they say and what they do ? so tell I : what be the worst thing she could want ? be she willing ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 34 . continued : ( 3 ) sansa she could want I dead because she think I wronge my family . littlefinger why do she come to winterfell ? sansa to kill I . for marrying we enemy and betray my family . littlefinger why do she unearth the letter cersei make you write ? sansa to provide proof of my betrayal . to provide justification , after she murder I . littlefinger and after she murder you , what do she become ? sansa look up at he . sansa Lady of winterfell . littlefinger spread he hand . well ? there it be . sansa nod . there it be . int . dragonstone - map room - day tyrion , jon , dany , davos , jorah , grey Worm , missandei , vary and theon have gather for this conference . jon use the table to point out route . jon if we have the dothraki ride hard on the kingsroad , they will arrive at winterfell within a fortnight . dany and the unsully ? ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 35 . continued : jon we can sail with they to White Harbor and meet the dothraki here on the kingsroad , then ride together to winterfell . jorah perhaps you should fly to winterfell , you grace . you have many enemy in the North . thousands fall fight you father . all it take be one angry man with a crossbow -- he ’1ll see you silver hair on the kingsroad and know that one well - place bolt will make he a hero . the man who kill the conqueror . dany see the logic in this . but before she can speak : jon it 's you decision , you grace . but if we be go to be ally in this war , it 's important for the northerner to see we as ally . if we sail to White Harbor together , I think it send a better message . she weigh she choice , then say to jorah : dany I have not come to conquer the North . I be come to save the North . she turn to jon . dany we sail together . jon do not quite smile because smile would seem inappropriate . but still , that almost look like a smile . jorah nod in deference . but he 's not smile at all . Fucking punkass little shitburger steal my khaleesi ! dany look over the map table , in a shot reminiscent of the end of episode 701 . int . dragonstone audience chamber - day as jon and davos walk away from the meeting , theon catch up with they . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the continued : theon jon . jon and davos stop and look at he . theon could I speak with you ? Wolf " 36 . jon consider he for a beat before nodd to davos . davos nod in return and walk away . theon what you do in King 's landing ... what you say ... jon be not sure what theon 's talk about and theon himself struggle to make himself clear . theon you could have lie to cersei . about bend the knee to daenery . you risk everything , to tell a enemy the truth . jon we go down there to make peace . and it seem to I we need to be honest with each other if we be go to fight together . theon stare at the floor . he hate himself in this moment , he truly do . theon you have always know what be right . even when we be all young and stupid , you always know . every step you take , it 's always the right step . jon it 's not . it may seem that way from the outside , but I promise you , it 's not true . I have do plenty of thing that I regret . theon not compare to I , you have not . jon think about it . jon no , not compare to you . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 37 . continued : ( 2 ) theon I always want to do the right thing , be the right kind of person . but I never know what that mean . theon be close to tear and jon watch he , sympathy fight with he revulsion for the man who betrayed he family . theon it always seem like there be ... like there be a impossible choice I have to make . Stark or greyjoy . jon we father be more of a father to you than yours ever be . theon he be . jon and you betrayed he . betray he memory . theon I do . jon but you never lose he . he 's a part of you . just like he 's a part of I . theon look up at jon . theon but the thing I have do ... jon it 's not my place to forgive you for all of it . but what I can forgive , I do . you do not need to choose . you be a greyjoy . and you be a Stark . theon be deeply move . for a moment he can not speak . theon when I be ramsay 's prisoner , yara try to save I . she 's the only one who try to save I . ( beat ) she need I now . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 38 . continued : ( 3 ) jon so why be you still talk to I ? ext . dragonstone beach - day the ironborn prepare to set sail , with harrag give order . the ironborn quiet down when they see theon approach . theon face the man , whose expression be flat and hostile . whatever natural leadership ability theon once possess , he lose they a long time ago . theon all of we choose to follow yara . we leave the Iron Islands for yara . she would never leave one of we behind . we be not leave she behind . harrag you sister 's dead . theon she 's not dead . harrag she 's dead . even if euron have not cut she throat yet , she 's dead . theon she 's we queen -- harrag she 's you sister . and you leave she to die . the man nod . Little shit abandon he own sister . theon I do . I run from my uncle . I be a coward . harrag step closer to he . harrag so why in fuck 's name should we listen to you ? they say the dead can not swim . we be gonna sail east , find a nice quiet island , kill all the man and take they wife for ourselves . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 39 . continued : theon we be do with all that . harrag who say we be ? theon yara do . she make a pledge . we be go to find she . and we be go to set she free . harrag spit in he face , a great gob of slimy , ironborn spittle . theon close he eye and wipe the spit from he face . harrag run away , little theon . that 's what you do best . theon do not respond . but he do not look away from harrag . harrag , a pit bull of a human be , find this look provocative . he punch theon in the face , hard . theon fight back . it 's not a pretty fight . harrag brawl dirty , all elbow and head butt . he wear heavy ring on he finger , ring he pay the iron price for , and this do extra damage with each punch he land . theon fight with great heart , but he 's smaller and less experience at this type of street fight . he land a few shot but none of they seem to affect he opponent . harrag knock he down with a vicious cross , open a gash just above theon 's eye . the man cheer . theon stagger to he foot , blood stream down over he eye . harrag attack again . theon try to defend himself but be overpower . theon go down again . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 40 . continued : ( 2 ) this time the cheer be a bit sparser . harrag pants as he stare down at theon . the big man be get wind . harrag stay down or I 'il kill you . theon -- bleed from the nose , the mouth , from the deep gash above he eye -- rise to he foot again . he 's have a hard time see , he 's so bloody . but he throw himself at harrag , try to land a good shot . harrag knock he down a third time . harrag himself be so exhaust now he bend over , hand on he knee , watch theon . the ironborn watch theon , too . he might not be the world 's great fighter . but fuck , he 's not quit . theon , he face a bloody mess , rise to he foot a third time . harrag take a deep breath . he charge at theon , throw everything he 's get leave at he adversary . clutch theon 's face in he big , dirty hand , harrag slam he knee into theon 's groin . but theon have no ball . just the slight possible smile from theon , as he receive he first ever benefit from castration . he slam he forehead into harrag 's nose , the single great headbutt in the history of film headbutt . harrag stagger back , hand cover the stream mess of he nose . theon tackle he and proceed to ground and pound the live shit out of the big man , who be too tired to defend himself . soon harrag lie motionless on the beach . theon stand . he look like he 's just be spat out of a thresher . he nearly fall but one of the ironborn man catch he and hold he . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 41 . continued : ( 3 ) theon look over the man . they be simple man . they just like to see they leader bleed for they . theon spit out a gob of blood and nod . theon not for I . for yara . ironborn yara ! he nod and head for the skiff . the ironborn follow . ext . winterfell - battlement - day sansa stand alone , stare across the snow - shroud moor . she wear a hood to protect she from the wind and the snow , make she look like the french Lieutenant 's woman , a reference Sophie Turner will just have to Google . we do not have access to she interior monologue , but we be look at Dark sansa here , that much be clear . she close she eye for a beat , then open they . the decision have be make . she turn and walk back toward the tower . as she pass a wait stark guard : sansa have my sister bring to the great hall . the Guard nod and sansa keep walk , never look back , never check she stride . int . winterfell great hall - day arya stark walk into the great hall , escort by two stark guard . sansa sit at the high table . bran sit by she side , in he wheelchair . he watch Arya with no trace of brotherly affection . maester wolkan stand near the high table . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 42 . continued : lord royce stand on one side of the room , and dozen of knight of the vale stand by the wall , watch Arya . Arya glance at the Knights of the vale on either side of she . Far more man than she could kill , and all of they loyal to sansa . she see littlefinger lean against the wall , in the same position where he stand at the end of 610 . watch Arya with the faintest trace of a smile . not a good sign , Arya . she glance behind she as the door be shut and Knights of the vale fill the gap . surrounded on all side . the room be very quiet . Arya look at she sister . arya be you sure you want to do this ? a beat before sansa reply . sansa it 's not what I want . it 's what honor demand . Arya smile . arya and what do honor demand ? sansa that I defend my family from that who would harm we . that I defend the north from that who would betray we . Arya nod . she glance at littlefinger , who stare back at she . she look at Lord royce . no love there . bran , she baby brother ? nothing . arya all right , then . get on with it . sansa you stand accuse of murder . you stand accuse of treason . sansa 's eyeline shift . sansa how do you answer this charge , Lord baelish ? ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 43 . continued : ( 2 ) littlefinger stiffen , as everyone in the room look at he . everyone else be in on it . for once , littlefinger be the man on the outside . as if catch in a bad dream , he cannot speak for a moment . arya my sister ask you a question . littlefinger Lady sansa ... forgive I . I be a bit confuse -- sansa which charge confuse you ? let 's start with the simple one . you murder we aunt , lysa arryn . you push she through the Moon door and watch she fall . do you deny it ? littlefinger stare at she , unable to process what 's happen . he turn and see Lord royce stare coldly at he . littlefinger I do it to protect you -- sansa you do it to take power in the vale . earlier you conspire to murder jon arryn . you give lysa tear of lys to poison he . do you deny it ? littlefinger open he mouth but can not speak for a beat . how do she know this ? littlefinger whatever you aunt might have tell you ... she be a troubled woman . she imagine enemy everywhere . sansa you have aunt lysa send a letter to we parent , tell they it be the lannister who murder jon arryn . when really it be you . littlefinger be one of the coolest cucumber in the garden , but even he start to sweat now . his prosecutor be armed with information she cannot possibly know . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 44 . continued : ( 3 ) sansa the conflict between the stark and the lannister , it be you who start it . do you deny it ? littlefinger I know of no such letter . sansa you conspire with cersei lannister and joffrey baratheon to betray we father , ned Stark . thanks to you treachery he be imprison and later execute on false charge of treason . do you deny it ? the wall be close in on littlefinger . but he 's not go down without a fight . littlefinger I deny it . none of you be there to see what happen . none of you know the truth -- bran you hold a knife to he throat . you say , '' I do warn you not to trust I . '' littlefinger look at bran . and now he understand how all he crime have come to light . Arya draw the valyrian steel dagger . arya you tell we mother this knife belong to tyrion lannister . but that be another one of you lie . it be yours . littlefinger see the steel glint in the torchlight . he turn back to sansa . littlefinger Lady sansa . I have know you since you be a girl . I have protect you -- sansa protected I ? by sell I to the bolton ? ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 45 . continued : ( 4 ) littlefinger if we could speak alone , I can explain everything . sansa sometimes , when I be try to understand a person 's motive , I play a little game . I assume the worst . what 's the worst reason you have for turn I against my sister ? but that 's what you do , be not it ? that 's what you have always do . turn family against family , turn sister against sister . that 's what you do to we mother and aunt lysa . and that 's what you try to do to we . littlefinger sansa . please . sansa I be a slow learner , it 's true . but I learn . littlefinger give I a chance to defend myself . I deserve that . see no hint of mercy on sansa 's face he turn to Lord royce . littlefinger I be Lord protector of the vale and I command you to escort I safely back to the eyrie . Lord royce stare at littlefinger . he would behead the man himself , but it 's not he place . lord royce I think not . littlefinger realize too late that the best laid plan gang aft agley , a ' lea'e we nought but grief a ' pain . he sink to he knee . littlefinger sansa . I beg you . I love you mother since the time I be a boy . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 46 . continued : ( 5 ) sansa and yet you betrayed she . littlefinger I love you more than anyone . sansa and yet you betrayed I . sansa stand . sansa when you bring I back to winterfell , you tell I there 's no justice in the world . not unless we make it . she nod to Arya . littlefinger glance at the Stark girl , who now walk toward he , a petite executioner , dagger in hand . sansa thank you for all you many lesson , Lord baelish . I will never forget they . littlefinger sansa - — Arya swipe the dagger across he throat so fast he do not see it happen until it 's over . he fall face forward to the floor , clutching at he throat , try to keep he life blood from spilling out . everyone in the great hall watch he die . and no one move a muscle to help he . int . red keep - map room - day Jaime be in the midst of give order to lannister general . jaime we man in King 's landing will march north in three day time . as Jaime continue to speak , we cut to the second level of the large room . cersei , trail by the Mountain , approach the balcony look over the huge paint map and look down at the man below . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 47 . continued : lannister general it all take we a fortnight just to gather supplies for the train -- jaime we do not have a fortnight . if the north fall , we fall . Three day . cersei step away from the balcony and move for the stair , follow by the Mountain . jaime the remain force in the westerland will take the River Road east . we 'il meet at Lord harroway 's town , and march together to winterfell . cersei ser Jaime . Jaime glance over to where cersei now approach , trail by she fearsome bodyguard . jaime you grace . cersei my lord . I need a moment with my brother . the Generals bow to they queen and depart . cersei wait for they to go before turn on Jaime . the Mountain wait at a respectful distance , always watch Jaime . cersei what be you do ? jaime prepare the expedition north . cersei the expedition north . ( beat ) I always know you be the stupidest lannister . Jaime open he mouth but quickly close it . painful experience have teach he not to interrupt cersei when she 's about to begin a rant . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 48 . continued : ( 2 ) cersei the stark and targaryen have united against we -- and you want to fight alongside they ? be you a traitor or a idiot ? jaime you pledge we force [ to fight we common ] -- cersei ( speak over he ) I will say whatever I need to say to insure the survival of we House . you expect I to trust the man who murder we father ? you expect I to command we troops to fight beside foreign scum ? to fight for the Dragon Queen ? jaime you see it with you own eye . you see a dead man try to kill we . cersei and I see it burn . if dragon can not stop they , if dothraki and unsully and northmen can not stop they , how will we army make a difference ? jaime this be not about noble house . this be about the live and the dead -- cersei and I intend to stay amongst the live ! let the Stark boy and he new queen defend the north . we stay here , where we have always be . jaime I make a promise -- she approach he , try a gentler tack , look up at he bewilder face . cersei we child will rule westeros . jaime we child will never be bear , if the dead come south . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 49 . continued : ( 3 ) cersei the monster be real . the White walker . the dragon . the dothraki screamer -- all the frightening storey we hear when we be young , they be all real . so be it . let the monster kill each other . while they battle in the north , we will take back the land that belong to we . jaime and then what ? cersei and then we rule . jaime when the fight in the north be over , someone win . you understand that , do not you ? if the dead win , they march south and kill we all . if the live win and we have betrayed they , they march south and kill we all . cersei the targaryen and the stark already want to kill we all . most of they will die in the north . jaime I face they in the field . we can not beat they . we can not beat they dragon -- cersei how many dragon do you see at the pit ? Jaime 's not sure what she 's get at . jaime two. cersei what happen to the third ? jaime for all we know it 's guard she fleet . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 50 . continued : ( 4 ) cersei ( shaking she head ) she come here with she dragon and she dothraki and she unsully -- she come to show we all she power . no , something happen . the dragon be vulnerable . cersei 's intransigence frustrate Jaime . he 's battle this force on the field . he know what they be up against . jaime we can not beat the dothraki . we do not have the number , we do not have the support of the other house . cersei we have something better . we have the Iron Bank . Jaime can only stare at she . cersei you should have listen more when father speak about the importance of gold . oh , I know it be boring for you . you just want to hunt and ride and fight . but I listen . I learn . ( beat ) highgarden buy we the most powerful army in essos . the Golden company . 20,000 man , horse ... elephant , I believe . jaime the Golden company be not here . they be in essos . how be a mercenary company in essos go to help we ? cersei do you really think euron greyjoy turn tail and sail back to the Iron Islands ? do you think he abandon the chance to marry the Queen ? a beat . Jaime really do believe it . ( continued ) game of th continued : Jaime con sister , hi [ rone '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 51 . ( 5 ) cersei no one walk away from I . he 's sailing with he fleet to essos . he 's go to ferry the Golden company back here to help we win the war for westeros . jaime you plotted with euron greyjoy . without tell I . the commander of you army . cersei and you conspire with tyrion , the man who murder we father . without tell I . you queen . jaime I do not conspire with he ! cersei you meet he in secret , without my consent . you plan to promote my enemy 's interest . that be the definition of conspiracy . jaime I pledge to ride north . I intend to honor that pledge . cersei and that would be treason . jaime treason ?! cersei disobey you Queen 's command . Fighting with she enemy . what would you call it ? ider he response for a long beat , stare at he 's lover , he queen . jaime it do not matter what I have call it . he turn to go but find that the Mountain stand directly in he way . cersei I tell you no one walk away from I . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 52 . continued : ( 6 ) Jaime turn and look at she again . jaime be you go to order he to kill I ? cersei stare at he . jaime I be the only one you have leave . we child be go . we father be go . it 's just I and you now . cersei there 's one more yet to come . Jaime nod . jaime give the order , then . he watch she and wait . the Mountain wait for a command from he queen . she nod . the smallest possible nod . the Mountain draw he sword . Jaime know there 's no point fight . he know he will be cut in half . he stare at he sister for a long beat . jaime ( quiet ) I do not believe you . after a long beat , Jaime turn and walk away , right past the Mountain and he draw sword . cersei watch . she do not give the command . ext . outside king be landing - day Jaime ride north , the city behind he . he 's no longer wear he lannister uniform . he 's no longer commanding a army , or represent he house . he 's dress so as not to stand out , in the manner of bronn , a sellsword with no affiliation . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 53 . continued : he glance down at he golden hand , a hand that make he famous throughout westeros . stop he horse , he pull on a black leather glove ( specially design for he golden hand ) . as he finish he notice a single snowflake landing on the black leather . he look up at the overcast sky . he glance back at the capital , and the high tower of the Red keep . he trot forward , never look back again , a lone horseman head north on the kingsroad . ext . king 's landing - location - night we watch the snow fall in various location we have visit in the past . the dragon pit , the map room , etc . ext . winterfell courtyard - day Sam and gilly 's horse - draw wagon pull into the winterfell courtyard . samwell tarly , gilly and little SAM take in they surroundings . they sure have travel the world together . int . bran 's chamber - night bran sit in he wheelchair , stare at nothing . a fire roar in the fireplace . a knock on the door . bran come in . Sam enter . bran samwell tarly . Sam smile . samwell I be not sure if you have remember I . bran I remember everything . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 54 . continued : hm . a bit odd . oh well . Sam close the door behind he . bran you help we get beyond the Wall . you be a good man . samwell oh , well . thank you . I be not sure that I am. ( beat ) what happen to you , beyond the Wall ? bran I become the Three eyed raven . samwell oh. ( beat ) I do not know what that mean . bran I can see thing that happen in the past . I can see thing happen now , all over the world . a outlandish claim , but Sam believe it . bran why do you come to winterfell ? samwell jon 's the one to lead the fight against the dead . I know he be . but he can not do it alone . so I have come here to help he . bran weigh this , and deem it acceptable . bran he 's on he way back to winterfell . with daenery targaryen . samwell you -- you see this , in a vision ? bran hold up the raven scroll report jon 's and dany 's arrival . samwell oh . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 55 . continued : ( 2 ) bran he need to know the truth . samwell the truth about what ? bran about himself . no one know . no one but I . jon be not really my father 's son . he 's the son of rhaegar targaryen and my aunt , lyanna Stark . Sam stare at bran for a long beat . what he 's just hear , if true , be news that change everything . bran look away . bran he be bear in a tower in dorne . his last name be not really snow . it 's Sand . Sam put everything together . Holy shit . samwell it 's not . bran 's not truly capable of surprise anymore , but he 's confuse now . bran dornish bastard be name Sand . samwell at the citadel , I transcribe a High septon 's diary . ( beat ) he annull rhaegar 's marriage to Elia . this be something bran do not know . samwell he wed rhaegar and lyanna , in a secret ceremony . Close on bran , as he realize what this mean . bran be you certain ? ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 56 . continued : ( 3 ) samwell it 's what the High septon write in he private diary . I do not know why he have lie . be this something you can see ? we go extremely close on bran , he eye wide open . when we pull back , we realize we be no longer in bran 's room . we be in : ext . forest clearing - day bran watch rhaegar targaryen , silver - haire , tall and handsome . he stand by lyanna stark , both of they nervous but happy . lyanna look up into rhaegar 's eye as high septon maynard bind they hand with the wedding wrap in a ceremony that should look quite similar to the marriage of robb Stark and talisa . they love for each other would be obvious to any bystander . bran stand close by , watch they say the word : rhaegar lyanna Father . Smith . warrior . father. smith. warrior . mother. maiden . crone. mother. maiden . crone. Stranger . I be hers , and she Stranger . I be he , and he be be mine , from this day , until mine , from this day , until the end of my day . the end of my day . bran ( v.o. ) Robert 's Rebellion be build on a lie . the two young lover kiss , hopeful newlywed who truly believe this will all work out . bran ( v.o. ) rhaegar do not kidnap my aunt , or rape she . int . dany's flagship - corridor - night a hand close into a fist before a carve wooden door . a beautiful door , fit for a queen . the hand raise : jon 's hand . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 57 . continued : bran ( v.o. ) he love she . jon hesitates for a beat . he knock . a moment later dany open the door and stare at he . for a moment they just look at each other . bran ( v.o. ) and she love he . then dany stand aside and jon enter the room . at the far end of the corridor , tyrion watch from the stairway , and see dany 's door close behind jon snow . int . tower of joy - day lyanna in bed , bleed , with Young ned beside she , in the shot from season 6 , but this time bran stand right next to the bed , close enough to hear lyanna whisper . bran ( v.o. ) and jon ... jon 's real name ... lyanna his name be aegon targaryen . you have to protect he . promise I , ned . int . dany's cabin - later we crawl up the swirl bedclothes to dany and jon , make love . jon be on top . bran ( v.o. ) he 's never be a bastard . they face be inch apart . they eye be wide open . bran ( v.o. ) he 's the heir to the Iron throne . they kiss . int . dany's flagship - corridor - night tyrion watch dany 's close door . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 58 . continued : look troubled for more reason than one , he turn away , enter he own cabin and shut the door behind he . bran ( v.o. ) he need to know . ext . dany's flagship - sea - night bran ( v.o. ) we need to tell he . dany 's ship make its way north , toward White Harbor , the dragon - emblazon sail flutter in the moonlight . ext . winterfell battlement - day the storm have pass . sansa and Arya look out across the snowy landscape . Arya look up at she big sister . arya be you all right ? sansa nod . sansa it 's just strange . ( beat ) in he own horrible way , I believe he love I . Arya shrug . she do not have any angst about it . arya you do the right thing . sansa you do it . arya I be just the executioner . you pass the sentence . you be the Lady of winterfell . sansa glance at she . sansa do that bother you ? Arya shake she head . nope . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 59 . continued : arya I be never go to be as good a lady as you . so I have to be something else . ( beat ) I never could have survive what you survive . sansa you would have . you be the strongest person I know . Arya look at she big sister again . arya I believe that 's the nicest thing you have ever say to I . sansa well . do not get use to it . you be still very strange and annoying . Arya smile . she stare north with sansa . arya in winter , we must protect ourselves , look after one another . sansa know that word . sansa Father . Arya nod . he say it all so many time , they know it by heart . sansa when the snow fall and the white wind blow , the lone wolf die but the pack survive . they be silent for a beat . arya I miss he . sansa I too . we crane up and away from the Stark sister . game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 60 . ext . godswood - day we crane down from the weirwood 's leave to find bran sit at the base of the tree , he eye roll back . ext . eastwatch , top of the wall - day as before , we fly to the Wall with a flock of bird , pilote by bran . a bunch of they land on the Wall battlement above eastwatch . tormund walk the battlement , gaze north for the enemy he know be come . he look down the battlement to beric , who be up here with he , along with a few other wildlings . they have all take well to the strange role of serve as guardian of the Wall . beric it 's a long way down . tormund eh . crow keep tell I I 'il get use to it . a few night 's watchmen be up here as well . tormund hear a strange sound , get louder . he look down to the north side of the Wall . beric look as well . ext . eastwatch , NORTH side of the wall emerging from the freeze coastal forest , the army of the dead come in force . all of they , 100,000 strong , with hundred of white WALKER officer corps on they dead horse . ext . eastwatch , top of the wall - day one of the night 's Watchmen run to the large horn and blast three time . ext . eastwatch , NORTH side of the wall the Army of the Dead halt in the no-man' - land between the forest and the Wall , the walker on they dead horse in front of the wight foot soldier . ( continued ) game of throne continued : '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 61 . tormund exhales , look to beric . it 's true , that whole thing about they be unable to pass the Wall because of ancient spell and such . he will live another day . but then a stranger sound come from the north . tormund look to the sky , and see a mote on the horizon , come in fast . very fast . it 's move so fast we do not get a clear look at it or the night king on its back before ext . eastwatch , NORTH side of it be upon we ... the wall ..- hit the Wall with a blast of blue flame . bran 's meaningful bird take flight . a massive chunk of the Wall break free ahead of tormund . the ice dragon glide away , and we get we first clear look at he , and at the night King on he back . he 's do the same thing to viserion that he do to craster 's son . only that be baby , and this be a dragon . ext . eastwatch , top of the wall - day tormund ( shouting a command ) run ! run ! tormund and beric lead they wildling comrade to the stair carve in the ice -- eastwatch have a massive zig - zag stairway , not a elevator like Castle Black . they run for they life and disappear from view . ext . eastwatch , NORTH side of the night King and he dragon kill . hover near the base of the forth a steady stream of blue strafing back and forth along the Wall can not withstand the the wall circle back , come in for the Wall , the ice dragon shoot fire , thick as a tree trunk , the base of the Wall . fire . thunderously , it begin to give way , send piece fall into the sea like a calve iceberg . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Dragon and the Wolf " 62 . continued : we see a few wildle straggler who do not make it down in time fall hundred of foot to they death . the ice dragon keep blast until a huge breach have be open , one large enough to admit the Army of the Dead , all 100,000 of they . and the White walker . and the night King , fly low over they head , into the camera -- -- and away from it . all of they head south , for the world of man . end of season 7