gamer written by Mark neveldine &amp ; Brian Taylor September 2007 some of they want to use you some of they want to get use by you some of they want to abuse you some of they want to be abuse - eurythmics some year from this exact moment ... 1 int . train - day 1 darkness - now the beautiful chiming sound of space TRAVEL through the cosmos ... dot of light whiz past we face . they could be star at lightspeed , or ... subway light flicker on - in a flash we see pale , sullen face , riding into a bleak future , and hear the industrial clatter . it 's dark , claustrophobic , obscure ... the rhythmic beat of track and wheel - click engulf we . the light flicker back on and hold as we see a half dozen soldier in brown camo , steel - eye , prepare for whatever may be at the end of the tunnel . zero in on two : kable , 30 - something , roughneck ... focus , determine ; eye burn with internalized emotion ... ... and sandra , late 20 , undeniably hot but tough as hell - both be in shackle &amp ; cuff , be roughly transport through underground tunnel , knock and shove around . uniform guard roam the train , look piss off - they swagger seem to mask fear . kable be meditate , or exhaust - hard to tell . the girl make eye contact with he . sandra Sandra . kable say nothing , just stare at she , stoic . sandra ( cont would ) my name be Sandra . guard shut the fuck up . because he can , the guard take a swing at kable' head with a billy club ... crack ! ( continued ) 2 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 1 continued : 1 kable' skull snap back into the window . the guard swing again , this time nail kable square in the stomach . sandra ( to the guard , a snarl ) putcher dick away ... guard get some . crackk !! crack !! crackk !! ... crack !! sandra be buckle over , awkwardly , hand behind she back tethere to the seat , head drip blood . kable jerk against he restraint , every inch of he want to rip the motherfucker apart ... he use he elbow to help she back up , but sandra fight through it , sit back up and spit blood - she can handle herself . the camera hold tight on kable and sandra ... kable let a glob of blood dangle from he mouth , bite he lip , bear it ... we hear the crunching SOUND of the club work on the other ... and the metallic rumble and clatter of the train - grow louder , pounding , slamm into we brain , blotting out all think ... until ... 2 int . tunnel # 1 - day 2 Pov : we be running , rag , full sprint , down a tunnel towards dirty white daylight ... no music - just heavy breath , kable' heartbeat and the sound of he boot bounce off the concrete ... other be run with we - soldier with weapon ... at the tunnel 's end : vaguely define shape of building , smoke , sky ... we Pov white out as we ... 3 ext . spawn point # 1 - continuous 3 ... smash into the daylight . smoke plume hang from a recent skirmish . kable climb over burn debris , gun raise , as sandra and the other soldier disappear into the grey mist . 4 ext . slayer battleground # 1 4 kable emerge from the smoke into ... ( continued ) 3 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 4 continued : 4 ... a destroyed CITY - PHILLY ? detroit ? NY ? seemingly out of character , he leap through the AIR slo -mo and land in a overdramatic , rockstar pose ( nine inch Nails , coachella 2005 ) . in sequence , multicolor led on he weapon come to life - accompany by a low frequency hum that seem to pierce somewhere below human hearing . the multiple turret spin , then snap into place . go time . 5 other spawn point 5 other brown soldier emerge like snake out of dirt hole and into the light . they crouch and spread out . 6 slayer battleground # 1 6 what appear like buz fly swarm through the grey air - at a closer look , they be like tiny ball bearing that move like hummingbird , magnetically control . the swarm split apart - each fly connect with a different soldier - they hover one foot above and two foot behind the soldier be head . 7 slayer battleground # 1 - cover 7 kable slide behind a shred telephone pole and take cover . the sound of train , weapon , soldier all fade away ... until ... nothing . dead quiet . suddenly - a bullet whizhes by kable 's face - a pause - then we hear a gunshot . another bullet whirs by he leg and another by he shoulder - after the bullet pass , we hear the gunshot . see the lightning , wait for the thunder . in the peripheral a soldier in deep blue camo run from behind a old car to a brick staircase . then another blue run the opposite way , closer in the foreground . browns VS. blue ?? the silence be crawl , deafen , and then ... boom . all hell break loose . suddenly we be in iraq time ten ... kable' eye glance down at he weapon - the turret quickly shift and rotate - he whip it up in a flash and return FIRE into the mist : thoom ! thoom ! the shell puncture air and connect distantly ... ( continued ) 4 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 7 continued : 7 the air ripple all around he , he world close in ... he break free and run toward a open street - the turret readjust - he efficiently waste two blue with automatic fire . 8 slayer battleground # 1 - OPEN STREET 8 a couple of pedestrian walk across the street , totally ignoring the violence . kable make a perfect 90 degree cut and wrap around a street - lamp and into the alley . a bum hold out a can with a couple of coin and shake it . from a aerial Pov we see the area swarm with brown &amp ; blue combatant and a dozen civilian . in the top right corner of we frame we see the dull reflection of a face , somewhat transparent , watch the battle , tungsten red ( similar to you own reflection on a tv ) . we SNAP back to the ground - the whole area be a battlezone . kable line up another blue climb the fire -escape to the third floor window - and then , come from the rear surround speaker , behind we : a voice - almost a whisper , too clean and distinct to be outdoors in this environment ... and too young to possibly belong to kable . voice ( o.s. ) ( clean , disconnect ) eat shit please . thwippp !! the blue drop like a sack . kable perfectly cut back another 90 degree and run for a old store front . Inside a clerk " air " bag grocery for a empty store . a brown soldier set up a tripod machine gun and aim for a bunker a hundred yard north . the distant blue target seem almost robotically unaware . the brown soldier plant he leave hand on the ground for stability , right hand twist the grip-lock - and squeezing the trigger : tat tat tat tat tat tat !!!! tatatatatatatatata tat !! the blue fall , some clumsily collide into each other before they crash to the ground , dead . another team of blue rock they head around to focus on he . uh oh ... booooosh !!!! the brown tripod gunner be vaporize from the knee up ... the forearm that support he be stand straight up , cleanly severe at the elbow . it slowly wobble over and connect with the two legs severe at the knee . the three limb fall into each other , form a flesh and bone tripod . ( continued ) 5 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 8 continued : 8 vroooooosh !!! chukunk , chukunk !! a snowplow barrel through the destruction , push the body and debris out of the way and clear a path , one streak with crimson red and burnt flesh . it move fast and vanish into the smoke cloud . 9 slayer battleground # 1 - STREET 9 down the road , kable save a east - indian woman from get obliterate by shove she out of the way of the blaze truck . as kable turn to waste another blue , the east-indian woman get right back up ... walk into and get obliterate by another truck . it 's creepy - robotic , but violent and too real - like a program suicide . voice ( o.s. ) can not say I do not try ... we sense emotion in kable' cold eye - then they flicker to the peripheral . 10 slayer battleground # 1 - 2 nd floor build 10 track along a row of blow out window a blue be take aim ; we SNAP zoom in ... superimposed over the image : the transparent ghost of a face , as though project on glass . the lip move in sync with : voice ( o.s. ) shit ! shit ! kable spin , too late - but : from the level directly below the sniper - through a open doorway - we see a brown soldier , blasting straight up through the ceiling ! the blue be blown to chunks . 11 slayer battleground # 1 - STREET 11 the brown run out and hit the curb ; concrete and meat collapse on the spot where she stand ... it 's sandra . kable give she cover fire as she head he way . they bolt for a corner - kable reach protection first . he stop to let sandra catch up , and in that instant - her brain get blown to jell -o . blood and particle splatter over kable 's gear . voice ( o.s. ) suckage . ( continued ) 6 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 11 continued : 11 without hesitation kable turn and waste two more blue . up ahead he sees it : a octagon steel shed with small glowing emerald GREEN window . he make for it . the little fly follow he be pick out of the air by a stray shot - plink ! voice ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) ... what the ...! bullet and shell chop up everything around kable , but he 's quick ... a shell smack he shoulder hard , almost knock he off he foot - shredd the brown camo and revealing the flexible body armor underneath . he scramble to the octagon 's entrance and bail in . 12 int . save point # 1 12 kable step into the middle of the vacant steel room . the second he break the GREEN laser , flood light blast on all around the battlefield . a submarine alarm sound from loudspeaker everywhere , echoing through the street , cycling down . the battle be over - session complete . 13 ext . save point # 1 13 kable step out . the leds on he weapon blink off in sequence ... armed guard be everywhere , round up the I - co n's . [ I - con ( I - convict ) be the combatant -- death row inmate / lifer , of which there be never a shortage . generi -con 's ( generic convict ) be the street traffic that lend unpredictability and realism to the battlefield ... they be computer control npcs ( non player character ) ... petty thief and criminal who be risk they life by participate to commute they sentence ] a dozen guard collect weapon - two approach kable . his eye be pure murder ; sandra be brain matter still drip from he . he whip up the weapon , point it at a guard head and pull the trigger - ( continued ) 7 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 13 continued : 13 nothing . the guard do not even flinch . the weapon be dead , dormant ; they all know it . the guard have a good laugh ... kable be clubbed from behind - we ... fade to black . 14 int . train - later 14 back on the rattling train , where we start . the surviving soldier - both brown and blue - be shackle to the rail - wounded , exhaust , hollow eye . blue soldier 1 good run , kable . kable only look to the floor . kable ( quietly ) my name 's tillman . brown soldier 1 whatever you name be . you get to the save point fast . brown soldier 2 so the fuck what ? no one 's get out of here alive . blue soldier 1 I be . I be go to make it . the cynical brown just shake he head . brown soldier 2 sure you will . blue soldier 1 ( tuning the brown out , turn he attention to kable ) they say you only get three battle leave till you get out ... kable say nothing . the camera push in on a tattoo on he forearm : a simple outline of a black box with the word inside : I am right here with you . [ music : Aldo nova , " life be just a fantasy " kick in ...] 8 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 15 int . lab - time indeterminate 15 a spartan , underground lab . a plain -clothes tech sit on a stool hold a simple remote ; on the table next to he be a SMALL metal dish . in front of he , float in the air , be one of the little metallic fly . he poke at it - it instantly juke leave ; again - it juke right ... almost faster than the eye can follow . no way he could ever touch it . semi-satisfy , he hold out the metal dish and click the remote . the fly drop into the dish - clink . close - up : the little gunmetal ball be black and dent on one side - probably the one we see get knock out of the air . there be a pinhole glass lens on the other end . the tech pick it up with thumb and forefinger and hold the lens up to he eye . switch to : Pov of the fly cam : the tech be face , extreme wide angle , examine . the image flicker , glitches - then cut to : white noise . match CUT to : 16 int . telnet control room - day 16 a console of monitor cut from fuzz to graphic . tech guy and producer scramble ... it 's showtime . offscreen voice count down five ... four ... three ... two ... swish pan and SNAP zoom across the room , through a open door , to the corridor , where ... 17 int . telnet newsroom , corridor - continuous 17 [ end : " life be just a fantasy " ] a reporter - gina parker smith , sexy eager - beaver , focus - a news exec , 40s , and a chief of staff , 60 be walk briskly along in a heat discussion . chief of staff do we have the damn interview or do not we ? ( continued ) 9 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 17 continued : 17 producer we be cunt hair close - chief of staff I can not blow off the Three - asian War for " close " . producer all respect , Bob , nobody care about dead oriental ... they care about Ken Castle - chief of staff May I hear from gina please ? gina spin on he , look chief straight in the eyeball . gina parker smith ok , Bob ? Bob . you realize Castle have clocked exactly - one - media appearance to date and that be Walters ' last interview before she die - nine fucking year ago ! chief of staff stop menstruate , just tell I we fuck have it - gina parker smith we fuck have it ! the chief of staff bang open a conference room door with he fist as they blow by - veer off and disappear . gina roll she eye in disgust , keep move . gina parker smith ( cont would ) palindrome . ( she stop ) hold on . focus : let 's get lunch . Sushi , iranian , or mexican ? producer Burger chili fry ? gina parker smith ( consider ) I will freak a burger . freeze frame on gina - zoom and ... 18 int . newscast 18 tv graphic : ( continued ) 10 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 18 continued : 18 gina's burger-freaking face become part of a animated title sequence . a live worldlink tonight exclusive with gina parker smith in this context it look like she 's freaking serious world affair . note : this telecast will play much faster than the page count indicate - hype up , quick cut , overlap dialog , a.d.d. and hyper-caffeinated . voiceover first ... there be society ... Shots of several dozen young , trendily dress people ( we be talk trend that have not yet be invent ) wander robotically around a backlot - looking CITY STREET , occasionally bump into one another ... the graphic society logo superimpose . voiceover ( cont would ) the ultimate SIM environment - where player do not control virtual animated character - but actual , live , breathe human being . people be dance , making out on street corner ... someone try to eat a ice cream cone , miss he mouth and poke it into he eye . voiceover ( cont would ) ( quote ) they walk they , they talk they . they juice they ... a hot young girl in a wet t-shirt be slamming a bottle of jager . voiceover ( cont would ) they rock they . a middle - aged guy in a shirt and tie be headbanging furiously like a extra in a twisted sister video . voiceover ( cont would ) we all remember the slogan . ( continued ) 11 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 18 continued : ( 2 ) 18 switch to : rows of people in front of wall - size video monitor , transfix , do a kind of sign language with they hand ... japanese lining up around the block ... college student and office worker glue to screen ... voiceover ( cont would ) the creation of reclusive genius Ken Castle , society take the world by storm , become the number one guilty pleasure of billion , either play or watch ... and generate one of the world 's large private fortune , surpass Steve Jobs and Bill Gates practically overnight . a file - footage clip of ken castle - 30 , fresh and boyish , Southern molass accent - be interview on a news show : ken castle I be not complainin ' ! freeze on castle ... the image distort in three dimension , offset red and blue channel shifting . voiceover nine month ago , Castle unveil a new simulation - one that would take game to new height of thrill excess ... and controversy - slayer . slayer logo over a slo - mo shot of brown and blue soldier walk towards camera - badass , with big motherfucking weapon sling at they side ... voiceover ( cont would ) if society let we live through other ... slayer would let we die through other . slick edit combat footage from the battlefield . explosion , flame thrower , bullet hit ... dude scream , unload Mass round ... voiceover ( cont would ) slayer give the gamer full control of a flesh and blood human be in full scale , kill - or- be - kill combat . and when we say flesh and blood , we mean flesh - a quick CUT of a brown' arm be blown off . ( continued ) 12 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 18 continued : ( 3 ) 18 voiceover ( cont would ) ... and blood . a rpg explode - chunks smack the lens and ooze down . switch to : 19 int . telnet - interview studio live - continuous 19 castle be opposite gina parker smith , both identify by translucent animated chyron . castle be older now than in the earlier clip ; early 40s - he body be more solid ; hair cut short , conservative . but the eye still sparkle . gina parker smith slayer . ken castle ( big smile ) slayer . castle be accent be like pure Georgia honey . he 's a rock - ribbed charmer . gina parker smith ( down to business ) why be not it murder ? she lean in , play the role of hard -hitting reporter to a T . ken castle gina , when be the last time you see someone volunteer to be murder ? I be sure you know that every last one of we slayer be a bona fide death row inmate - ( point for emphasis ) ... each one offer a chance to participate as a alternative to they sentence . stay alive for thirty session and get set free ... that 's not a bad God damned deal . gina parker smith I see - and have any one of this man or woman ever actually survive long enough to be set free ? ken just smile , lock in on she eye . ( continued ) 13 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 19 continued : 19 ken castle I would remind you audience that slayer be put together with the full cooperation and approval of the United States federal government ... that the revenue it produce be responsible for funding we entire prison system - keep the bad guy behind bar ... and that the prop be vote for by a cock solid 68 % of the american public . 20 int . studio booth , off camera - simultaneous 20 producer ( to board op ) what would he say ? 21 int . telnet - interview studio live - continuous 21 gina parker smith ... in a election taint by suspect digital fraud ... ( change gear ) let 's talk about the so-called generi-con . video : a montage of slayer " civilian " - the bum shaking a can in the midst of chaos , a group of pedestrian walk robotically into a wall of flame , store clerk " air-bagge " grocery ... gina parker smith ( cont would ) send into the slayer environment with a set of pre-programmed action , with no way to react and no one control they - they chance of survival be next to nil . ken castle there 's a lot of man and woman in prison that could never cut it as slayer ... should not they have the same opportunity to roll the dice for a ticket out ? besides - they only need to survive one session . video : the East indian female generi-con from the first battle get smear by a truck . ( continued ) 14 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 21 continued : 21 gina parker smith right ... supernova flare to : 22 ext slayer battleground 22 bullet-cam image of a slayer soldier leaping into action and freezing in mid - AIR , a graphic superimposed : how doe it work ? 23 int . telnet - interview studio live 23 throw to the live studio broadcast - gina parker smith ( lean in ) Mr. Castle - how the hell do it work ? ken castle simple . a 3-d animated graphic accompany he explanation - the virtual camera zoom in to the frozen soldier be head - and then inside , pass through transparent layer . ken castle ( cont would ) it begin with a single nano- cell plant in the motor cortex of the brain -- this cell can replicate , replace the cell `round it with perfect copy ... we see a cartoon image of a tiny nano-cell - label with a bold , block letter N . the nano- cell approach a normal cell next to it ... there be a flash ; now the cell next to it have turn into a exact copy of the nano . this continue , multiply exponentially , until we zoom back to reveal that the entire brain have be convert to nano-cell . ken castle ( cont would ) ... this copy cell contain remote access functionality . therefore , nano plus cortex equal the nanex . the graphic zoom back further to show a pair of hand work a retro atari - style joystick ... animated wave indicate a wireless transmission from the joystick to the slayer , who unfreeze and fly into action . ( continued ) 15 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 23 continued : 23 gina parker smith geek , geek , geek - come on , Castle , you promise we a demonstration . castle smile broadly . ken castle ( coy ) do I ? you know I seem to recall that - let 's just see ... castle wave in he personal security : a half dozen geek in black jeans , black t-shirt with white sock and sneaker ; backpack ... yes , even fanny pack . a full range of geek variation : beard / mustache combos , thick glass , pony tail , etc . one geek bring out the cutest , softest little spaniel puppy in the world and place it in castle' lap . meanwhile several other be direct handheld sensor at gina and thumb-click to establish tracking point - she slight movement be scan and interprete as data in real time . gina parker smith ( fight it ) oh ... my god . so cute . ken castle you like she ? her name be gina . she 's a good little bitch . somehow , in he sweet southern drawl this roll off almost acceptable . the crew have a laugh off -screen ; gina blushes . gina parker smith I beg you pardon ? 24 int . studio booth , off camera - simultaneous 24 producer this motherfucker be off the chart . chief of staff you realize he could buy we network . producer ( shrug ) why would he ? ( more ) ( continued ) 16 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 24 continued : 24 producer ( cont would ) Son of a bitch can pull 650 million pay-per-view for a single broadcast . on the monitor : castle be show gina how to make the dog roll over , sit up , etc . gina have she hand up , limp in front of she chin , like a submissive puppy begging , and she be panting ; she 's clearly get into it ... she every movement be mirrore by the adorable dog . board op that 's fuckin scary . 25 int . telnet - interview studio live , continuous 25 more combat footage , this time focus on kable highlight . gina parker smith be not it true that each human that undergoe the procedure will have a distinct ip address -- like a notebook computer or mobile device ? ken castle similar , yep . but control be strictly localize to the parameter of we game environment . back to the studio . ken castle ( cont would ) you take Society for instance : once a cast member leave the workplace they be completely free from the control and monitoring of they player . gina parker smith ( incredulous ) that 's a relief . ken castle ( teasing ) to some , maybe ... to some ... do not you suspect a good many folk would not mind a itty bit of control ? gina parker smith I do not ... um ... ( continued ) 17 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 25 continued : 25 ken castle someone else make all the decision for you ... no responsibility , no tough choice ... think about it . gina parker smith ( tough ) we will , Mr. Castle . we will . a supernova flare throw to music and graphic : you be experiencing a live worldlink tonight exclusive 26 int . the interview studio , continuous 26 back to handheld , non-broadcast reality . ken have gina 's hand in he hand , beam . her demeanor have change ; she 's like a little girl with she dad at the fair . ken castle good little talk . gina parker smith my pleasure . shit , can I tell you ? I can . not . wait for the next slayer . kable have be unbelievable . his arm be just so ... well , I know it 's awful . 27 int . studio booth , off camera - simultaneous 27 producer what the hell be that ? the worldlink graphic glitch out , replace by a blue screen - like a old school computer crash . then - one letter at a time , in retro Apple chicago font , accompany by the exaggerated sound of computer keystroke click : humanz ( continued ) 18 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 27 continued : 27 then a voice - deep , but speak artificially quickly - like in radio commercial , where they use time - compression software to remove the silence between the word . humanz brother Ken Castle want you to believe that you be live in a safer , better world . he 's a liar . mind control be slavery . we will all be he dog if we allow this evolution to continue . everyone in the studio be speechless , watch the monitor - include castle ; actually , he love it ... he 's laugh he ass off . producer Mr. Castle , we have no idea ... ken castle shush ! on the screen , the humanz logo dissolves , 8 - bit arcade style , replace by : the evolution of man according to castle underneath be the classic illustration show the progression from primitive early man to the erect modern human . in a crude animation the progression continue : modern man bend back over on he hand and knee ; in the final stage he 's wear a dog collar , get fuck in the ass - then feed through a meat grinder , package &amp ; sell as hamburger . ken look over at the producer . ken castle ( cont would ) that 's a God damn hoot . producer ( to he techy ) bypass orbital , reroute from the backup server , now , for Christ sake , you dirty ape ... ( to castle ) sorry , Mr. Castle , we can not hard - line a live broadcast . it 's impossible to stop every virus that sneak in . ( continued ) 19 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 27 continued : ( 2 ) 27 ken castle uh huh . you might wanna oughta let my boy take a look at you firewall . the screen cut to black , color - bar blink , then a advertisement stream in . ken stand , hold gina be hand , kiss it . ken castle ( cont would ) ( to gina ) what about you firewall , sugar - wonder if I might breach it one of this sunny day . he give she a roguish wink . gina parker smith you be bad . board op he 's good . on the monitor , we transition back into a pay commercial : a victoria's secret porn -look girl in handcuff turn to camera . porn girl wanna blow off a little steam ? CUT to : 28 ext . prison yard - day 28 a prisoner - shirtless , he upper body smear with white powder , scream , slam he fist down into face . blood spray on white . we see that he be beat down a uniform guard . the guard wear a black gas mask , shattered and pour blood . other prisoner , shackle together , stand by watch , form a half circle around the fight . they be shirtless , cover in the same white powder - they look like tribesman . one of the prisoner , very distinctive , nod grimly , clearly * enjoy the show . distinctive prisoner * fuck he up . the prison yard be a vast expanse of white - it could be a chalk mine , or the surface of a strange planet . distant tower mark the perimeter . ( continued ) 20 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 28 continued : 28 other group of shackle prisoner can be see in the distance , trot along in line . trails of thick magenta smoke snake across the yard , suck by the wind . the rogue prisoner stomp down on the guard be face one last time - he shoe be make of cloth . crunch . the guard stop move . the prisoner start to run for it across the white terrain . a group of guard appear to round up the remain prisoner . they club they down with the butt of rifle but pay no mind to the flee rogue ... they merely watch he go , impassive . in a moment , we see why - when the rogue prisoner cross between the two distant tower he be jerk to the ground by a invisible field . sound ? Light ? magnetism ? his body go into spasm ; blood foam from he ear , mouth , eye . CUT to : 29 ext . prison rec area - day 29 finger run through white powder , make pattern . a black shadow cross the frame , accompany by a low hum ; some sort of aircraft . kable look up as the shadow track across he ; we never see the craft . he look out across the yard . kable be sit in what seem to be a minimal rec area cut out of the white terrain . he sit by himself wear a white cloth hoodie , eye dark , head down , silent . across the yard a group of prisoner be play basketball ; every single player be skying for dunk . we focus in on kable' tattoo : I be right here with you ... in the yard a cripple , he two leg stiff with brace , walk robotically along on crutch . kable watch he , expressionless . it triggers a memory ... flash to : 30 ext . SUN - soaked exterior 30 a little girl , no more than two , walk along on she daddy be foot ... giggle , trust ... she hand grip he big finger ... take each big robot step with he ... flash to : 21 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 31 ext . prison yard - day 31 a basketball come out of nowhere and knock the crutch out from under the cripple , send he ass - up on the asphalt . prisoner jeer . freek ( quiet , conspiratorial ) kable . kable . we see that kable have draw the pattern in he tattoo with he finger in the white powder ; at the sound of the voice he run he hand through it , wiping it away . a wiry , jittery dude of indeterminate age be sit next to kable . kable do not even turn to look . kable my name be tillman , freak . freek tillman , yeah , tillman , I know that , they say you name 's be tillman ... just sittin , always sittin , always lookin , just lookin ... like I , I keep my hole down ... you get to , man ... a dude inevitably start to break up , start to crack and break up everyday , never know you gonna die today or live another two , three . you never do know . all this niggaz gonna snap , snap , snap , one by one , every last one , all of they . yeah but not you . twenty seven battle and three to go ... no one ever get that close before , no one even do ten game without gettin they brain shot ... but kable , kable , kable , he just sittin , lookin , like he get a plan , he already somewhere else , he on a mission , nothin ' get in he way , never break , never snap , never say shit , just take care of he business , niggaz get spook by that shit . you spooky . kable turn slowly to look he in the eye , say nothing . freek ( cont would ) spooky . kable look away . ( continued ) 22 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 31 continued : 31 freek ( cont would ) why they put you in here , tillman ? kable wait a good long beat . kable I kill my best friend . 32 int . prison - night 32 a prisoner sing metallica off key , but ball to the wall : prisoner master ! master ! master of puppet I be pull you string - twist you mind and smash you dream ... kable be alone in he cell . at the base of the single door be a sliding compartment to push food through - it open . but instead of a tray , someone push through a wrinkle photograph . kable pick it up and look - a woman , just a blur of golden hair , laugh , and a little girl ... the same one in kable be vision . woman ( o.s. ) you want to get back to they . kable be stunne , silent . he sit on the ground , shoulder lean against the heavy door , stare at the girl in the picture . woman ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) it 's all you think about . it 's the only thing that keep you alive . her word be like hammer blow to he gut ; he want to weep but he 's too strong , too internalized . he steel himself . kable who 's talk ? she push through a white notecard and pen . woman ( o.s. ) sign it . kable what ? ( continued ) 23 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 32 continued : 32 kable do not take it . woman ( o.s. ) sign it ... please , tillman . my son David be you biggest fan . he pray for you . this take kable by surprise ; he reluctantly take the pen and card . he write something on it and stick it back through the slider . pffhht . the woman stab kable' hand with a lancet - she draw out a little blood . kable yank he hand back out . woman ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) need to prove it 's authentic . make it worth more . kable why would anyone want my name ? woman ( o.s. ) you do not even know what 's go on out there , do you ? ( beat ) damn ... at the far end of the solitary block a buzzer sound - then the slide and slam of heavy steel . woman ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) gotta go . kable jump up and pull himself against the door - a lifeline be slip away ... kable wait . ( he hold the wrinkle photo to the window ) how do you get this picture ? have you see they ? he peer through the little window at the top of the door , but she 's gone ... instead , a group of prisoner be be lead down the corridor to they new cell . we recognize grim , batter face from the yard - this be the man that stand by as the guard be be beat down . ( continued ) 24 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 32 continued : ( 2 ) 32 distinctive prisoner - hand cuffed behind he back , make * eye contact with kable as he walk by . * fade to black . 33 ext . prison running track - day 33 a desolate white running track ; a guard tower overlook ... the field be empty but for one man : kable . he 's busting ass around the track , pour sweat . we be right there with he , close - up - profile , full speed ... we hear the hard breathing , the foot pound dirt , like we be inside he head . CUT to : 34 ext . urban downtown # 1 - simultaneous 34 wide lock off - kable , 90 foot high , a mural paint on the side of a build . it 's a ad for slayer : kable in full combat mode , cut loose with a flame thrower . 35 ext . prison running track - simultaneous 35 kable , run - we be even closer now ... he 's push himself beyond exhaustion , pure focus ... 36 ext . urban downtown # 2 - day 36 different city , same story - kable , a tower billboard projection ... endless lane of freeway gridlock sprawling beneath ... 37 ext . prison running track - simultaneous 37 kable , staggering , near collapse , lung burn ... 38 ext . time square - day 38 the iconic image of kable on the famous time square video wall , now even more massive ... the stock ticker reeling off disaster ... he 's like godzilla freeze amongst the skyscraper ... 39 ext . prison running track - simultaneous 39 kable finally flame out ... he break down to a jog , then double over , hand on he knee , gasp for breath . CUT out wide : kable be ant -size and insignificant on the long , barren field , under a vast grey sky ... alone . ( continued ) 25 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 39 continued : 39 hold for a long beat , and ... fade to black . 40 int . a dozen dark room - day 40 montage of gamer ' face , prepare to get it on ... all shape , color and style , but all rich and powerful -look . some be sweat , some calm , some beat red , other have guitar- play twitch face ... 41 ext . slayer battleground # 2 - day 41 SHOCK CUT into the heat of battle . chaos , confusion ... kable blast through a cloud of explode debris ... a brown to he leave be blown in half - the legs keep running ... 42 ext . slayer battleground # 2 - STREET 42 ted nugent , in brown camo , line up a blue sniper in a 3rd story window with a cross - bow . he release the arrow and pin the blue 's head to the window sill . ted nugent damn , I gonna have to eat you now , son . a upside - down car come sliding down the street on it 's hood and slam into ted nugent , vaporizing he ... 43 ext slayer battleground # 2 43 another five blue soldier be take out . they body drop to the ground , gruesome goodness . the five ball bear cameras quickly flock together and check out each body as a swarm unit . from a wider shot , they look like fly on shit ... after check out the recently delete , they zip off towards the close save point ... CUT to : * scene 44 deleted * 45 int . frat house - simultaneous 45 fifty beer slamm college student be go berserk ... they have get slayer on a wall - size screen , pay-per-view ... they be high five , smashing up the place ... * 26 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 46 ext . slayer battleground # 2 - drainage ditch - continuous 46 kable leap for a drainage trench , make it , and hustle around the back of a burnt out building ... 47 int . slayer battleground # 2 - stairway 47 up a stairway - the ghost face on glass superimpose on the image - the face be laughing , giddy ... voice oh shit ... oh shit ... 48 int . slayer battleground # 2 - 2 nd floor 48 kable take up a spot from a second level vantage point - from here we see a small group of blue move down the block , scan for survivor . voice wul hello thar ... kable watch himself switch turret on he weapon . he bring up a sniper sight and lock in on a target . voice ( cont would ) wait for it ... close - up of kable' ear : just then he hear the subtlest of sound creep up behind . whoever 's control he do not seem to have notice - he 's too focus on the enemy in the sight . we can see the tension in kable' face - he 's helpless , try to fight it , willing he player to take notice . kable ( whisper ) turn I around God damn it ... voice what would he say ? a trickle of sweat run down into kable' eye . the SOUND be more distinct now , closer ... he 's practically shaking from the struggle to overcome the control . Pov : someone have reach the top of the stair ... kable , see from behind , come into view crouch by the blow out window . voice ( cont would ) my boy gotta take a piss or something ? ( continued ) 27 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 48 continued : 48 finally : SNAP zoom on a reflection in a shard of hanging window glass - the outline of a blue , raise he gun ... voice ( cont would ) D 'oh . kable spin - fast . the turret be already revolving when he squeeze the trigger ... the armor - piercing shell take sneaky blue by surprise , blow he out the back of the building ... the blue in the street take notice . it 's a matter of second ... kable make a run for it as the floor start to disintegrate behind he in a shitstorm of bullet . shrapnel drill he back , absorb by the body armor . 49 ext . slayer battleground # 2 49 he hit daylight and turn a corner in time to see a group of * browns scatter ... a live artillery shell skitter across * the pavement , belching smoke . * boom . kable be run ... he look to he right - a frozen moment : the save point up ahead on the spinning railroad . * the moment pass ; kable look back over he shoulder - a rush of roaring flame be coming - fast ... at the moment of impact we - * smash to black 50 int . the train - time indeterminate 50 soldier be char , bleed , waste . a brown be sobbing uncontrollably . brown soldier who be they ... who the fuck be they ... who 's play we ? kable watch he , wonder the same damn thing . 51 int . simon be house - day 51 montage , close up : two fat slice of whole grain bread , check . ( continued ) 28 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 51 continued : 51 Big sloppy spoonfuls of lumpy green organic pistachio butter , spread on slice a , check . Welch 's purple grape jelly spread on slice B , check . combine ; consume . 52 int . simon be house - hallway 52 simon - 18 , pale and lanky , unkempt shaggy hair ; wear a vintage gun `n ' rose T-shirt from the appetite for destruction Tour - walk down a long , high ceiling crystal hall with marble floor , mack on the sandwich ... pass through a glass tunnel run through the interior of a massive , exotic aquarium - he 's alone in what appear to be a vast , cold mansion . 53 int . simon be room - continuous 53 simon' room be simple - four wall and a ceiling , each one a 3 - D , corner - to - corner video screen . the hd level of the screen be virtually absolute - the flesh and blood simon himself be just another element in a high - dollar / high -tech space . the floor be all bed . simon pad in , take a spin stunt jump and roll onto he back in a big ass pile of pillow , sandwich intact . the screen be a jumble of float frame , compete for prominence in the 3 - D space ... mute VID chat , stock ticker , sport score , ultraviolent slayer playback , etc . everything dynamic , everything move . one whole wall be apparently a real time monitor of the slayer battleground , with update statistic ... point leader , frag count - we notice that kable lead this category ; a video loop of kable in action beside he name illustrate the point . in the forefront of simon be attention : kable earn 800 upgrade point a set of dynamic frame allow he to scroll through a series of revolve image - weapon , equipment , body armor . simon interact with the 3 - D environment use hand gesture - he can slide , squeeze , pull and scroll the image just by move he finger in the air . he flip past various transformers -look super gun ... ( continued ) 29 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 53 continued : 53 simon Gay ... gay ... gay ... super gay ... hm . he stop on a animated graphic . a sexy female voice break it all down for we : female voice swarmer . the latest innovation from brown , this self detonate cartridge offer the widest and deadly spray available from a full tracking , cornere ordnance . a video demo show the fire cartridge split into two - dozen smaller shell that flash out like a swarm of bee , wind around a corner and utterly shreed a test dummy . simon daddy like ... a annoying girl voice pop in , along with a VID chat screen that take over the MAIN wall . she look about 16 - skinny , skanky , kind of hot . annoying girl Simon ! simon fan-girl , stop hack . if I want you unmute I will unmute you . annoying girl you suck , Simon - you be go to get my boyfriend kill before he can get out of jail and fill I up with he hot seed . simon uh huh . another girl - 17 , cute , stone - chime in . cute stoned girl Simon , I just wanna play you . forget about that star-fucker . annoying girl shut up bitch . simon casually wave he hand at the frame , like flick at a fly ; annoying girl be wipe away , bring cute stoned girl to the forefront . ( continued ) 30 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 53 continued : ( 2 ) 53 cute stoned girl thanks baby . when can I meet you for like real ? simon notice a metallic sparkle from the girl tongue . simon what be that ? ( like a dentist ) aaaa . he reach out and " pinch " the screen , zooming in close as she stick out she tongue - it fill the wall ... a dozen wick look black tongue ring stud the wet pink flesh , ten feet high . simon ( cont would ) woah . he quickly unsqueeze , zoom back out . the girl be eye be roll back in she head , euphoric ; she 's wasted . cute stoned girl you like I ? a third girl pop in , fill the opposite wall . shelly what 's up , loser ? simon hey sissy . this be simon' sister , shelly , 14 . frosted up lip , eye and hair like a Tokyo hooker . shelly Mom say - let I see , go to college , move the fuck out , and ... oh yeah , you be a sick retard , you be pathetic , and you smell like Jeffrey dahmer . simon wanna make out ? shelly you wish . I can not wait till they cut you off , simian . with a wave of he hand he wipe she image off the screen . two more video chat pop up - twin 21 - year old girl , stupidly hot . ( continued ) 31 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 53 continued : ( 3 ) 53 twins Simon ? simon maybe . twins ( star strike ) oh my god , it 's really you !!! suddenly all of simon 's screen be fill with the twins . simon Nice . twins ( in unison ) do you wanna see we tit , Simon ? simon ( shrug ) uh , sure . they lift they shirt , girl gone wild style . perfect perky C 's with silver - dollar nipple . twin 1 mmmmm , now that we have you attention , here 's another offer you can not refuse . simon here we go . when twin 2 speak , it be with a man' voice . the accent be eastern european . twin 2 fifty million euros for control of kable , instant transfer to the account of you choice . simon question : do I look like I need the money ? we have discuss this before - kable be not for sale . twin 1 ( feel herself up ) baby ... make it a hundred . simon it 's be real . ( continued ) 32 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 53 continued : ( 4 ) 53 simon snap he finger ; all the window close simultaneously . simon make a click sound with he tongue in the new silence . peace at last . by themselves , the screen come back to life . simon ( cont would ) D 'oh . the instant chat box be go , replace by a soundless , grainy video loop - there be something sinister about the lo - fi image ... it look like the feed from a old surveillance cam : two man be sit in a room ... it 's silent , but one of they seem to be scream - he lift a gun ... simon ( cont would ) what the fuh ...? ... wait a beat ... and shoot the other man in the head . Black blood pool . this be real . the loop repeat . when the shooter turn he face toward the camera , simon freeze the frame with a gesture and zoom in . it 's kable . a message be type across the screen one letter at a time - we may recognize the retro chicago font from the humanz video prank earlier : want to talk to he ? then , blink , lo-fi in the lower right corner of the wall : walkietalkie.exe simon ( cont would ) um. CUT to : 54 ext . society - day 54 music : bloodhound gang , the bad touch : ha-ha , well now , we call this the act of mate but there be several other very important difference between human being and animal that you should know about ... ( continued ) 33 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 54 continued : 54 you and I baby be not nothin ' but mammal so let 's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel ... pavement fly by ... sun slam rainbow flare into the lens ... roller skate break frame , outpace we ... we be cruise along with a group of young , beautiful people , skate like robot through a CITY park ... roller - dolly follow hot girl in daisy duke , knee sock and tube top , belly ring and tatoos in the small of they back ... athletic dude , shirtless , gun rack and six pack ... they swing there arm mechanically , identically ... synce with each other and the beat of the soundtrack ... each face plaster with a absurd , exaggerated grin ... let 's fucking party !!! we be in a super-saturated world ... not virtual / animated , but absolutely real - yet the color and immediacy of it be heighten , off-kilter . on the grass , a gang of tokyo pop punk ROCKERS be have a water battle , blast and soaking each other with big plastic water cannon like something out of slayer ... a redhead , soaking wet , be feeling up her own breast , totally oblivious to she surroundings ... one of the skater , out of control , plows right into her at full speed ... the skater take a ride on concrete , grind flesh off she bare leg ... she wobble to she foot , eye streaming tear but still grinning ecstatically ... a guy in a priest outfit hold brightly color helium balloon look on impassively ; then spot something of interest and break off sprint full speed ... people be dancing - the corniest move ever ... making out on the ground ... and in the middle of it all ... 55 ext . society 55 close - up : a sparrow be peck at a hunk of orange and yellow candy corn . pop out wide to reveal that the bird be eating out of a girl hand ... this be angie : 25 , blonde / black root ... micro mini skirt , fishnet , boot ... green -eye , haunt , with sadness behind they ; pretty - the clothes do not quite match she ; it 's like someone dress she up as a hooker .... she do not seem to notice the little bird munch away ; she stand in the middle of the park , look around , lose . ( continued ) 34 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 55 continued : 55 she spot a guy stand by himself near a giant sculpture . she walk over to he ; the bird flutter away . the guy be young and attractive , dress in casual business attire . he be wear a plastic pig snout on he face , tie with a elastic band . guy hey . he smile like a Driver 's license photo . CUT to : 56 int . gorge's live room - continuous 56 close - up of lip , profile - by the look of it , a overweight male ... sweat , stubble . the room be dark - light by the ambient glow of a video screen . gorge hi. 57 ext . society - day 57 angie echoe , practically overlap . angie hi. we will continue to CUT between the two location . guy so what 's you damage ? he wink . angie strike a exaggeratedly demure , flirtatious pose - then immediately snap back to neutrality . gorge / angie you know , just hang out . ( beat ) look to meet people . guy lucky you ... CUT to : 35 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 58 int . dale' place - continuous 58 a close - up of lip to match gorge's , but face the opposite direction . a extremely butch , masculine female ; trace of a mustache . dale you meet I . 59 ext . society - day 59 guy ( echoing ) you meet I . angie laugh , a beat late . across the street a woman have hike up she skirt , squatted down and be taking a pee on the sidewalk . gorge / angie I be nika . dale / guy I be Dale . ( look she up and down ) I like you fur . gorge / angie do you want to go somewhere ? she strike the same flirty pose for the second time . dale / guy we be somewhere . he wink ; reach out and put a hand on she waist . they start to make out like teenager at the prom . dale / guy lift up her skirt with one hand and squeezy a boob with the other . he turn she around and press angie' back up against the base of the sculpture , rough , hand all over she / inside she ; slobbering down she neck and shoulder ... angie just look straight ahead ... she eye move to a nearby building - the side be a animated billboard that have switch to a promo for slayer , with kable feature prominently . she watch kable' face move ... she let out a involuntary moan that be more like a whimper ... dale / guy ( cont would ) thanks for vagina . ( continued ) 36 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 59 continued : 59 a slam of audio with the SHOCK image of a bloody , demonic face - ( recreate a internet - style video SHOCK prank ) ... the screen goe dead - ... and another blue screen of death , another message : society be rape slayer be murder - humanz 60 int . gorge's live room - continuous 60 we get we first wider view of the room . much more cramped than simon' room ... like simon be , the room be dominate by a giant video screen , but just the front wall ... there be other - smaller , paper thin - screen mount in various spot and lean against wall ; garbage and tech gear all over the floor . gorge - late 30 , morbidly obese - be contain by a massive automated roll chair , like the escalade of rascal . the humanz message have take over he screen and he 's go fucking ballistic , throw shit at it and gesture crazily to the wall - mount motion sensor with he hand , try to get the image back . it 's not happening . female news host ( v.o. ) ... a new video prank by the subversive group humanz cause a nationwide stir today ... 61 int . castle' stationary bike room - continuous 61 the tv report continue on screen , where a news host be back by a graphic show the " society be rape " screen with footage of exaggeratedly confuse , frustrate player - they be like the actor in infomercials who can not manage to peel a potato without lose they shit . female news host all contact between Society City and a estimate quarter of a million player be shut down for over three hour while Castle tech work to remove what they describe as a " Satellite infection " ... a tree line , SUN dapple mountainside whisk by as foot work the pedal of a mountain - bike ; we be move around 20 mph . ( continued ) 37 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 61 continued : 61 SOUND : sluuurrrrrrrp . castle be cruise downhill in a 360 degree three -dimensional environment that look absolutely real - except that he be on a stationary bike , and the news report be float in the air as a 3d window . he be wear skintight Tour de France - style gear and slurping a smoothie , one hand on the handlebar , the other hold the cup . female news host ( cont would ) expert estimate that the service interruption may end up cost k - Soft billion in lose revenue . news CO -host do not cry for Castle , he can cover that with the change under he couch cushion ... female news host on a personal note - that shit be fuck freaky . news CO - host oh - I literally piss myself . female news host sound like fun . news CO - host serious , this humanz cocksucker be get out of control , and someone should do something . female news host move on to international headline ... castle close the window in he fist . sluuurrrrrrp . fade to black . 62 int . prison , weight room - night 62 the scream would be comical if it be not so horrific . with a dozen con look on : a asian prisoner be on he knee , finger deep into the back of he own skull . asian prisoner get it out of I ...! ( continued ) 38 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 62 continued : 62 he rip into he brain stem with a tiny piece of bust razor , hope to pull out a chip , a wire , anything . he pull out something , and drop like a sack of potato to the floor - fried potatoe . he land on a couple of dumbbell , he head smash into the weight bench , spinal cord severe . kable look on , impassive , emotion internalized . guard push through . guard what the hell happen to this one ? a old black dude - lifer - answer . lifer look like he escape . the guard roll they eye ; drag away the body . guard back to you jazzercise , girl ... across the room kable notice a new guy - a mean-look sunofabitch ... in fact , if murder be personify it would look exactly like hackman . hackman stare straight at kable . there be something in he ghost of a smile that say he would be more than happy to eviscerate you ... it 's off - put to say the least . kable freak . freek be there . freek tillman . kable who the hell be that ? freek New dude , new dude ... that 's hackman . they say he kill a whole mess of people , all kind of people ... one day he just walk up and turn himself in , like he wanna be inside or some shit ... never gonna run out of slayer long as they get that kind of motherfucka run around kill a mess of people ... ( continued ) 39 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 now hackman be look at kable dead blank . a guard come up behind hackman and shove he . hackman turn ; the guard gesture he to follow . hispanic guard ( o.c. ) hey kable . kable turn to look . hispanic guard ( cont would ) let 's go . upgrade . CUT to : 63 ext . prison , training range - night 63 kable and the guard be ant - size in what look like a massive drive range . virtual target be holographically project in mid-air at various height and distance . other prisoner be there too , a way off ; well out of earshot . kable look over a swarmer cartridge , slam it into he weapon ; switch turret , take a bead on a virtual target ... we see he intentionally pan the sight off to the leave of target ; he pull the trigger - click . the target - and several other close by - turn red , blink - a hit . this thing do not just take out individual ; it take out vicinity . hispanic guard who aim ? kable ( catch off guard ) what ? hispanic guard who aim ... the slayer ? or the player ? kable narrow he eye , focus across the field , where other prisoner be be brief and upgrade ... he spot hackman . kable not much to aim ... it 's just hand / eye coordination . I be the hand ... someone , somewhere else be the eye . hispanic guard that 's trip . ( continued ) 40 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 63 continued : 63 kable glance at the guard ... he struggle - part of he feel like he 's talk too much ; but he can not help be grateful for the human interaction . kable sometimes ... they take over - you know , completely . they move you . like a robot . ( beat ) but it do not work so good ... that part 's just for show . you can not really fight that way . hispanic guard why ? kable there 's a delay ... hispanic guard yeah , the ping ... they talk about that . the time it take the slayer to respond to the command ... it 's like , five millisecond ping , eight millisecond ping ... kable get a bead for a headshot on hackman . kable whatever you call it . a slice of a second be the difference between live and die out there . when the trigger pull - he pull the trigger : a meaty click . kable ( cont would ) it 's just I . 64 int . prison locker room , night 64 kable be alone , toweling off - privilege of be a top slayer . we see now the damage he body have take - he be cover in dark , ugly bruise from bullet hit the body armor have absorb - include a flinch - induce cluster of black , blue and yellow from the most recent session . from down the row of locker , a whisper : hackman hey . kable . ( continued ) 41 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 64 continued : 64 kable turn to look . hackman be head be poked out sideways from around the corner ; he 's maybe 20 foot away . kable not interested . hackman no. wait . look . he bring he hand out where kable can see they - they be slick with fresh blood . hackman ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I just delete someone . hackman be almost giggling , high on it . hackman ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) this be the blood . look . hackman rub he slippery hand together , relishing it ; he nod he head toward the area behind the locker ... to call the situation creepy would be a serious understatement . hackman ( cont would ) he 's back here . want to see ? kable you head be not on straight . hackman crack he neck . maybe not . kable pull on he prison grey quickly , refuse to make eye contact . hackman I be go to delete you too . on Sunday . kable yeah , probably . hackman that 's why they put I here . kable' eye narrow - what ? hackman disappear ; he start to move along a adjacent row of locker , slamm the door - singing fuck pinocchio : hackman ( cont would ) I have get no string ... so I have fun ... I be not tie up to anyone ... they have get string but you can see there be no string on I ... ( continued ) 42 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 64 continued : ( 2 ) 64 kable tense up , ready for instant violence . hackman ( cont would ) you get two whore , kable ... if he do not have kable' attention before , this got it . kable - the fuck do you say ? hackman on the outside ... oh , I be sorry - I mean you pretty girl ... you want to get back to they but I be go to visit they first ... kable be instantly all business - he 's go to make hackman disappear right the fuck now ... he jam around the corner but hackman be nowhere to be see ... past another row of locker - nothing ... another ... another ... where the hell be he ? nowhere . kable slam a fist into a locker , busting it off it 's hinge . transition to : 65 int . castle estate - time indeterminate 65 the camera angle on hackman begin to switch perspective and spin around , as though someone be manipulate it in three dimension . castle he 's so perfect . snap out to reveal castle in a dark lounge ; the wall and ceiling be pure black , make it impossible to tell the dimension of the room . minimalist , expensive look furniture be scattered around . there's no one else in the room . castle be stand , bare foot on white shag carpet . he be manipulate the image of hackman in the air by pull , squeezing , twist with he hand - the interface be similar to the one in simon be room . castle be as pump as a kid on Christmas morning . then , from behind he : castle 2 he 's scary . ( continued ) 43 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 65 continued : 65 we see that a perfect double of castle himself have appear in the room behind he . castle yeah ... he change the angle on hackman be mug to give a better view - then turn to face he double ... castle ( cont would ) ( proudly ) the new face of slayer . pure crystallize horror , two storey tall and cover in bloody red ... ( beat ) he 's so what they want . castle 2 ( play dumb ) but they love kable . another castle appear to castle be leave . castle 3 he 's right . castle face they . castle ( unaffected ) they do now . but when my boy kill they hero right there in front of they eyeball , so vivid it 's like you can reach out and feel the wet flesh - trust I , they will change they point of view . castle 2 how can you be sure ? castle it 's human nature . they will be seduce by the power , the violence ... the dominance ... castle 3 ( shaking he head ) guess we never figure on kable blow up as big as he do . ( continued ) 44 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 65 continued : ( 2 ) 65 castle bigger than the game ? no . then again , who ever would have imagine a player could last over a dozen session with the same I - con ... castle 2 tillman be a perfect soldier , a tactical kill computer - you drop he in with common murderer . what do you expect ? castle 3 ( muse ) his instinct give he a edge . castle 2 and in the hand of a talented player ... castle 3 of course we can never let he out . not after what we do to he . castle 2 tell I again why we do not just get rid of the problem ... ( make a throat slashing motion ) you know , off camera ? castle poke a finger at castle 2 . castle you - lack a flair for marketing . the people would never accept that . they need to see they gladiator bring down . castle 3 one thing I know be what make people tick . suddenly the room have go dead silent . we swing the camera around to reveal that castle 3 be all alone in the room . he stare into the void , calm and utterly in control . the camera move past he head into pure black ... dissolve to : 45 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 66 int . tunnel # 2 - day 66 the black of the underground tunnel ... the tunnel light streak past like vanish star ... train track blur by ... 67 int . tunnel # 2 - day 67 kable be sprint down the tunnel towards daylight . the voice come from the rear surround : voice ( o.s. ) kable , dude . it 's I . kable shake he head , think he 's hearing thing . kable who ? simon ( o.s. ) simon. ( beat ) I be play you , dummy . kable knife through the tunnel exit ... 68 ext . spawn point # 3 - continuous 68 we be in the over -the -shoulder Pov of the fly cam as kable break daylight and slide down the hillside ... superimpose over the image : simon' reflected face ... the camera pan , center and focus in on the reflection ... sniper bullet whistle by ; kable duck , roll ... the camera pull back ... out of the screen ... 69 int . simon be room - continuous 69 ... past the flesh and blood simon into a over -the - shoulder - simon control kable , playing he - as ... kable land in the rockstar pose . simon mirror he in front of the giant screen - whatever simon do , kable echoe . 70 ext . battleground # 3 / cover - continuous 70 kable make it to cover , heart slamming . we hear the distant thump of mortar launching . kable how come I can hear you ? simon ( o.s. ) it 's a mod . ( continued ) 46 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 70 continued : 70 kable gamer can not talk to con . simon ( o.s. ) I know . 71 int . simon be room - simultaneous 71 simon pop - lock - the breakdance arm wave . simon it 's cool , yeah ? 72 ext . battleground # 3 / cover - continuous 72 kable finish the pop - lock - it 's goofy . a shell impact the dirt nearby and blows a massive crater in the firma ; kable shield himself from the raining debris and scramble for better cover . kable no. pay attention to the game . they spot another brown advance toward a group of building ; simon move kable to join he . just as kable get there a blue kick out a door and open up with a assault shotgun , shredd the brown . two more blue pop out of a ditch on the opposite side , triangulating . kable roll - big ammo displace the air just inch above he head and blowing out the window / tire of a abandoned car behind he - switch turret and come up firing ... armor-piercing shell : boom . boom . a 180 spin ... boom . minus three blue . 73 int . simon be room - simultaneous 73 in quick cut we see simon strike badass pose ; on the 3d screen kable echoes they - it 's like a synchronized dance . CUT to : 74 ext . battleground # 3 / cover - continuous 74 kable keep move - he pass a blue , on he knee in the mud ; the blue have completely lost he shit . blue soldier 4 this be real , this be real , this be real !!!! ( continued ) 47 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 74 continued : 74 kable do not bother to shoot he ; he 's unarmed . but ... shhhtunk . a 50 caliber shell connect from somewhere distant and the blue be vaporized , a smear on the pavement . simon ( o.s. ) that be sick . kable wait a minute ... be you twelve ? simon ( o.s. ) I be nineteen . kable bullshit . this be unbelievable . how be I not dead yet ? simon ( o.s. ) Cause I be a badass motherfucker . kable do not even register this . his darting eye pick up a familiar face in the chaos : freek . freek have apparently volunteer as a generi-con - he be dress as a postman , pull a cart of mail behind he as he walk across the street . freek ( mumble ) gotta keep my hole down ... keep `em down . freek 's gonna make it , gonna cut , gonna scatter ... gonna burn this joint ... it all happen too quickly : a brown scramble behind freek and duck down , use he as a move human shield ; squeeze off a few shot - freek be chop up by income gunfire - the brown keep run ... there 's nothing kable can do . a explosion nearby push they forward . simon ( o.s. ) gib . kable what ? simon ( o.s. ) like , giblet . kibbles and bit . chunks . piece . ( continued ) 48 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 74 continued : ( 2 ) 74 kable ( burn ) this be real human , fucker . simon ( o.s. ) death row psychos , so what ? they have it come . a expose concrete stairwell lead into the bowel of a collapse building ; it look like it must have get the oklahoma CITY treatment in the early 2000s . 75 int . underground parking - stairwell 75 but there 's still juice feed the dim fluorescent ... kable make he way down . a distant voyeur 's Pov - maybe a sniper 's telescopic sight ? - observe kable disappear underground . kable guess that go for I too . simon ( o.s. ) yeah , but you be different . kable different how ? simon ( o.s. ) dude , I do not know . Cause you be my psycho . 76 int . underground parking level - continuous 76 he emerge in a underground parking level . forty or fifty car and suv , 2000 - 2009 , lie dormant , cover in dirt , dust , and debris . kable switch on a light build in to he weapon . the fly cam scan 360 degree , independent of kable , give they two set of eye . simon ( o.s. ) damn , new area . kable nod toward a exit at the opposite end , mark p - 4 . kable that way . they make for it . ( continued ) 49 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 76 continued : 76 simon ( o.s. ) think about it , kable : all the shit we have be through together . what a epic run . ( beat ) it 's go to suck to see it end . kable be you kid I ? simon well , yeah - I get that for you it 's different . 77 ext . slayer battleground # 3 / near restricted area - moment 77 later kable emerge several block from where he start , on a narrow block that seem distant from the heat of combat . building shelter the street on either side ... several block down a low wall block the road - mark with red diagonal stripe and a warning : restricted . kable we should go that way . simon ( o.s. ) there 's nothing there . kable kid , trust I - I be go house to house in Tehran while you be still suck mommy 's nipple . simon ( o.s. ) ( sarcastic ) uh , yeah dude , thanks for the visual , but it 's a restrict area . it 's beyond the border of the game . I could not put you there if I try . kable just grunt ; he eye steal a last look down the block . they head the other way ... thoom . close range : a big ass armor pierce mortar shell pass in front of kable' face ... time stop ; kable see the shell move through the air a inch from he nose in ultra slo -mo ... he cheek ripple from the displace air ... ( continued ) 50 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 77 continued : 77 then , real time - we whip around to follow the mortar as it whistle into concrete and blows out the front of a building . kable be run . 78 ext . battleground # 3 - crushed riot van 78 simon ( o.s. ) ... shit shit shit ! he roll behind a crushed riot van and open up in the direction the shell come from , ash and debris from the impact still raining down ... and then : from behind , he 's naile in the back by a swung length of iron pipe . he half crumple , spin - hackman . hackman swing again , knock the weapon out of kable be hand ; it skitter across the concrete . simon be completely freak - it 's happen too fast , no time to react ... he try to engage hand -to-hand but every move ping a step late ... kable swing a fist ; hackman dodge easily . hackman be move too naturally - as if he 's under he own control . hackman slam the pipe off the side of kable be head , dropping he - then toss the pipe away ... and pull out a nasty , high tech - look shotgun . he stand over kable and point the barrel at he face . hackman ( friendly ) bye kable . he squeezy the trigger ... the submarine alarm sound . floodlights crank up . the led on hackman be gun power down with a audible down - cycle ... a shell , undetonate , drop from the barrel and plop onto kable' forehead . hackman ( cont would ) what happen ? CUT to : 79 ext . save point # 3 - simultaneous 79 a brown con walk slowly , on unsteady leg , out of the octagonal save shack - profile ... ( continued ) 51 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 79 continued : 79 dude look at he and back away ... when he turn toward we we see why : half he head , shoulder and one arm be blow off ... CUT back to : 80 ext . slayer battleground # 3 / crushed riot van - simultaneous 80 kable seize the opportunity to jam a foot up into hackman' ball , buckle he . he twist hackman' legs into a pretzel and throw he off . kable ( to himself ) kid 's gonna get I kill . simon ( o.s. ) ( offended ) hey . kable see guard appear and blue hurry away from ambush position - include the one who likely fire the mortar ... session complete . kable cup a hand over he mouth , conspiratorially , and speak directly into simon be ear : kable listen to I . I do not know who 's behind it , or why , but I be suppose to die today . they be gun for we . I can beat they , but not with you control I . simon what the hell ...? this be unthinkable , dangerous talk . kable turn I loose , kid . you want to win , turn I loose . simon but - kable find a way . a guard grab kable and the link break - we ... smash to black : 52 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 81 int . angie' apartment - day 81 a drab brownstone apartment . shade block out the oppressive nicotine sunlight ; the interior be mute , fade - claustrophobic . kable have he cell ; even though angie be on the outside , and free , she environment seem to parallel he . a wear - out photo be tape to the fridge : the same little girl in kable be picture . 82 int . angie' apartment - bedroom 82 she stand in front of a closet mirror in the bedroom , look herself over . she 's fully dressed ... but not like we see she in society . Conservative . pretty . normal . she rehearse a friendly smile , but have difficulty not break into tear . animated , colored light leak in from outside through the dark window blind behind she - some sort of project advertising ? 83 int . angie' apartment - bedroom 83 CUT to : same room , later . angie sit on the unmade bed . she search through she purse for a pill jar , rattles a few into she hand ... she dry swallows they ... lean forward , eye shut , struggle not to pass out ... she have to pull herself together somehow ... the camera push past she , toward the window , where the animated color play 24 - 7 ... CUT to : 84 ext . angie' apartment - day 84 ... the camera pull away , continue the motion : we be on a wide view of the outside of the building , a rundown brownstone on a rundown street - animated advertising cover half the side of the structure ... a ad for slayer be run - kable , in cinematic slo - mo , and superimpose in wall - height block letter : free and then : order now ! CUT to : 53 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 85 int . social SERVICES interview room - day 85 angie sit uncomfortably in a hard plastic chair ; the light be flat , fluorescent ... in front of she , behind a desk , be a no - nonsense Social service caseworker , late 30 , cuban . caseworker ( look over she paperwork ) so ... miss roth . angie deliver the smile we see she rehearse with all the warmth she can muster ; it 's not convincing . caseworker ( cont would ) why be we here today ... say you would like to apply for custody of you child - angie delia . her name be delia . the caseworker look over the paperwork while angie shift in she seat ... torture . caseworker spouse incarcerate , life without possibility of parole . you use you maiden name . angie my husband - he ... it 's not entirely true , regard he sentence . in fact , he 's due to be release soon ... she make brief eye contact with angie . caseworker you husband be charge and convict of first degree murder , miss roth . I can hardly consider he release , if it be to occur , to be a positive . this be not go well . angie hold she tongue with all of she will , not want to make it worse . the caseworker hold all the card . caseworker ( cont would ) ( change subject , back at the paperwork ) you be ... a actor ? angie nod . ( continued ) 54 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 85 continued : 85 caseworker ( cont would ) not sure if I have see you in anything . angie I work in society . caseworker acting , be that what they call it ? angie it 's a job . angie be hang on ... be pleasant , be friendly , breathe ... but inside she want to cry , to scream , to fuck explode . caseworker miss roth . you child have be ... exceedingly well place . the new family be very wealthy . she will never want for anything . ( lean in ) I understand you love you little girl , but ... do you really think she would be better off with people like you ? angie yes , I do . I be she mother . the caseworker press a buzzer , unlock the door behind angie . caseworker we will give you application all the consideration that it merit . the word burn into angie like battery acid , but there 's not a thing she can say . 86 int . simon be room - night 86 simon be lie on he bed , stare at the ceiling - a giant video screen play back key moment of that day 's slayer session in a endless loop . simon hold he finger up in front of he face , zoom and rewind the video with little fluid movement of he hand . suddenly the screen glitch out , go dead for a second - and when it come back the battle image be replace by a giant face , surround by black , staring down at he : humanz brother , early 30' ; a savvy leader with a unforgettable presence . ( continued ) 55 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 86 continued : 86 his style be a throwback to another era ; like a 70 Black panther soul brother transplant into the high tech future . humanz brother you like the software ? simon ( confuse ) Software ... humanz brother the walkie talkie , playa . simon put it all together . simon no shit ... you be the guy from tv . the humanz . humanz brother that 's right , baby . you think about what the brotha say ? simon to what , um , brotha do you refer ... brotha ? humanz brother kable want the freedom to ass - kick . do shit he way . you gonna give it to he ? simon you be listen . humanz brother we see and hear everything that go on inside the so-called game . simon alright , then. ( consider ) kable say we get lucky - that they be gun for we - what be that all about ? humanz brother kable get a past ... he know thing . thing he do not even know he know . simon huh ? what thing ? ( continued ) 56 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 86 continued : ( 2 ) 86 humanz brother thing Castle 's afraid of . as long as you boy stay on the inside Castle know he can keep he quiet - but if ever get out ... ( shake he head ) uh uh . Castle will never let that happen . simon one battle leave , I think I can handle my bidness . humanz brother just shake he head . humanz brother you be not hearing I - this be not something you can control . they gonna kill he ass , Simon . in the eye of the world . and then what ? you just another poor little rich honky . no kable , no pussy , no shit . simon can not deal . simon this be , come on ... too heavy ... I do not know what the hell you be talk about ... I just play game , man . Games . humanz brother mm hm . that 's right , it 's a game . ( change gear ) you want to win it , do not you ? simon yeah , dude , I intend to . humanz brother then you need to cutcho string , puppet-massa . humanz brother slowly zoom himself in . humanz brother ( cont would ) imagine a slayer that do not get to wait to be tell what to do . no ping , you dig ? a train kill machine ... operate in real time , on pure instinct . ( continued ) 57 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 86 continued : ( 3 ) 86 simon can not help but consider it , mind reeling . it 's obvious kable would royally fuck dominate , but ... simon shake it off . simon that ... would be cheating . humanz brother a mod , that 's all . like that guidance system you hack on three week ago let you track motherfucker around corner and shit . simon ( nervous ) uhhh ... humanz brother the game get to mutate , after all . it get to evolve , you feel I ? simon I do . I do feel you . humanz brother lean back - he have he . humanz brother then let 's rock , baby . [ music : twisted sister , " I wanna rock " kick in ] a window pop up on the screen : freenigga.exe CUT to : 87 int . prison - hackman' cell - night 87 [ " I wanna rock " continue ...] one light ... hackman' face , glisten with sweat , be the only thing partially visible in the inky black ... the camera slowly zoom into he eye ... twin pool of madness ... of murder ... CUT to : 88 int . prison , kable' cell - later 88 close - up of the fade photo ... gold hair , innocent laughter ... kable run he thumb across it tenderly , caress the line ... ( continued ) 58 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 88 continued : 88 woman ( o.s. ) ( whisper ) tillman . kable look up . it 's the same voice as before - the one that give he the photo . kable you . woman ( o.s. ) we know you talk to he ... you player . kable you be not a guard ... who be you ? woman ( o.s. ) a friend . kable I do not have any . woman ( o.s. ) listen to I : Simon 's go to give you what you want . what you ask he for . kable how do you know that ? woman ( o.s. ) I know something else : whether or not he 's control you , you will never reach the save point . Castle will not allow it . kable we will see . woman ( o.s. ) no. listen to I , tillman - the game be unwinnable - they will not let you live . if you be want to get out and see the people in the picture you will have to find another way . kable do not answer ; he absorb she word , wonder if he can believe they ... finally : kable I need you to get I something . ( continued ) 59 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 88 continued : ( 2 ) 88 woman ( o.s. ) what , kable ... what can I get you ? kable stare into the dark , turn it over in he head , then look up at the window in the door , a simple black rectangle - and on the other side , he only lifeline . kable drunk . fade to black . 89 int . staging room - time indeterminate 89 black . overhead fluorescent shock and hum to life , revealing a claustrophobic room - four wall , metal grate underfoot - and a locker . kable be in he combat brown . he print activate the locker . the weapon be there ... and something else : a wrinkle brown paper bag . what the hell ? he take it out , try not to glance too obviously at the overhead surveillance camera . CUT to the Pov from the cam : kable be open the bag ... voice ( o.c. ) what 's he get there ? back in the room . Inside the brown bag be a fifth of vodka . kable quickly slip it into he side cargo-pocket . voice ( cont would ) kable , what the hell be that ?! behind kable a door slide OPEN automatically , revealing a concrete tunnel , like the player ' entrance to a football stadium ... the white light be blinking on and off ... soldier sprint for the daylight , try to escape the torture ... it 's chaos . voice ( cont would ) fuck -face - remove the vmolotov ' from you pants and discard into the recycle bin , now ! kable grab the bottle from he pocket , struggle to maintain as the light slam into he brain , agony . voice ( cont would ) put it down ! ( continued ) 60 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 89 continued : 89 all surveillance cameras point at kable . kable - no choice - make the decision , twist the cap , tilt he head back , and slam the entire bottle . he wail the bottle at one of the cameras , shatter it - and join the other rush into combat . 90 ext . spawn point # 4 - moment later 90 kable break the daylight - but without a smooth leap and roll , and no rockstar pose - instead , he trip and tumble ass over end down a embankment , landing in a heap at the bottom . simon ( o.s. ) ( sarcastic ) I can see turn you loose be a great idea . kable ( woozy ) what happen . simon ( o.s. ) you happen , jackass . you want control , you get it . kable test he hand , clenching and unclench - the kid wasn't lying ... while start to trip hard on the vodka , which be kick in instantly ... kable no shit ... simon ( o.s. ) yeah , that 's right . so please do not fuck up ... a explosion rock the dirt just a few foot away , blinding , deafening - and kable shift into another world ... 91 ext . slayer battleground # 4 91 he 's moving fast ... SOUND be just a idea , disconnect from reality ... body and bullet drift by without gravity ... he vision double and bleed ... simon ( o.s. ) what 's the matter with you kable ? kill something ! blue . lot of they . kable start shoot wildly - hitting nothing . ( continued ) 61 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 91 continued : 91 simon ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) this be unbelievable . 92 ext . slayer battleground # 4 92 kable be run erratically at least ... hard to hit ... but definitely head somewhere . a shell smack kable be shoulder , knock he off he foot ; the armor absorb it , but he 's out of time ... he 's shoot air ... simon ( o.s. ) ( frustrated ) fuck it . we see simon be finger glide , dial up the swarmer ... kable be still fire randomly as the turret shift - the swarmer go straight up , then lock on blue and swerve down on they like hell from the sky , turn skull to swiss cheese . too close . simon ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) ( the voice of reason ) kable . listen : it 's the last game . you be go to be dead and I be go to look like a total asshole if you do not pull you ball together ! kable blow I . he scramble to he foot and charge for the entrance to the underground garage . simon ( o.s. ) dammit ! 93 int . underground parking level - moment later 93 kable slam open a door mark p4 and stumble into the car graveyard ... reality be roaring , spinning ... kable slam into the side of a park car , leg rubber ... he look it over - tire flat , no good ... he stumble to the next , then another ... another ... he head hit a passenger side window , spiderwebbing it ... ( continued ) 62 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 93 continued : 93 finally , the one : a ford f-250 super chief ... gun metal grey , pristine . note : the F -250 be a concept truck - a future design for ford be f-line . in we world this be a 2009 factory model , which make it old , but not antique . the truck be about as badass as you could want , with dark , narrow window , big ass wheel and a front end that look like it could punch through a build or two . kable get to the fuel cap door and pries it open ... engraved under the cap be a prominent warning : ethanol only simon ( o.s. ) kable . dude . what be you do ? kable unscrew the cap and stick he finger down he throat . dry heave . he do it again - this time put he mouth on the hole and puke pure liquid into the tank . simon ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) what the hell ? he stop , double over , gasp for breath ... then the feel hit he again - and he heave another fountain down the hole . a blue show up in the opposite stairwell - kable bring he weapon up to hip level and blows he away without looking . his head be clear . kable look around , unzip he pants and pisses into the tank . simon be slack - jaw , speechless . kable shake out he head ; we can see in he eye that he 's regain he sense ; focus in . he bust out the driver' side window , get in ; tear open the steering column - a blue slayer show up in the mirror - fuck ! - he crank the ignition ... vruuuumm , kachunk , kachunk ... booom ! a 50 mm shatter the back window and punch a hole into the dashboard . kable check what 's leave of the mirror . hackman and six other blue slayer be come fast . simon ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) go , go , go ! kable yeah ? anything else ya fuckin cheerleader ? ( continued ) 63 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 93 continued : ( 2 ) 93 vruuuuum , vruuum ... kable hammer on the pedal again , knock out the old ghost - vrroooooomm !! he slam it into gear and peel out . hackman leap onto the side of the move truck and point 50 mm directly at the side of kable be head . in a split instant kable grab the nose of the weapon and point it up - boom ! a close range shell blow through the roof of the truck . kable slam the brake , spin the truck , and launch hackman into a row of park car . hackman get in one last shot as kable punch it out of the garage , disintegrate a concrete column . hackman fuuuuck !!!! he slam he head into the windshield of a park car , cave it in . 94 ext . slayer battleground # 4/f250 ( drive ) - moment later 94 kable drift the F - 250 onto the street , sideways , tire shriek ... wiping out two unlucky blue ... pop it and take off ... he be head straight into the restricted area . 95 int / ext . slayer battleground # 4/f250 ( drive ) 95 the fly cam be right there , take the hot turn right on the truck 's tail , give simon the Pov of a classic 3d drive game . he activate dynamic camera control with a gesture - now he can manually choose he view ... he push the camera forward , next to the driver 's window ... the camera look to the side at kable , drive like he 's on a mission to hell . simon bark in he head . simon ( o.s. ) kable , please ... get back in the game ! you 're screwing my ass , kable !!! kable ignore he ; he pick up he weapon , point it out the window at the fly and fire ... the fly juke out of the way , barely ... it spin off out of control and smashes through the window of a building . bye , fly . CUT to : 64 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 96 int . simon be room - continuous 96 simon be screen be fill with a glitched out view of nothing , under a pile of glass and concrete . simon um. 97 ext . slayer restricted area - continuous 97 the submarine alarm be sounding across the battleground . kable be head deep into restricted territory , slamm through and swerving around obstacle . 98 int / ext . restricted area /f250 ( drive ) 98 without warning : a snowplow come blast out of nowhere go 80 , try to ram the driver 's side ... it 's a tick late , clipping the back end instead , send kable into a spin ... kable be knock around in the cab and puke all over the passenger seat . he recover , straighten out and keep go . kable ( relieved ) ughh , that be the one . 99 int . simon be room - simultaneous 99 simon be switch from camera to camera , try to pick up a view of kable ... finally he come across a rumbling chase cam , come up on kable' truck from behind ... 100 ext . restricted area /f250 ( drive ) - simultaneous 100 the camera be mount on a snowplow , one of a pair gain on kable , slamm through rubble and debris . 101 int . restricted area /f250 ( drive ) 101 kable spot they in the rear view mirror . he slam he head against the steering wheel to clear it - despite the purge he 's still pretty fucked up . kable pop the driver 's door and lean out , getting a bead on the nearest plow ... 102 int . simon be room - continuous 102 from the snowplow's Pov we see kable lean out , pointing the weapon at US . then big ass muzzle flash : thoom ! thoom ! ( continued ) 65 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 102 continued : 102 simon shit , shit , shit ! a shell come right at US - the screen glitch , freeze - and go black . simon ( cont would ) I be dead . 103 ext . restricted area /f250 ( drive ) - continuous 103 in kable' rear view : the lead snowplow spin out , hemorrhage black smoke ; then slam into the second , send it into the side of a building . 104 int . f250 104 kable' truck hiccup - fuel be on empty , but still charge ahead . 105 int / ext . restricted area /f250 ( drive ) 105 a low concrete wall surround the perimeter , and it 's coming up fast ; beyond it : more abandon urban wasteland . kable have get too much speed at this point to do anything but slam the thing sideways into a sick power slide - the truck hit the barrier and flip over it , corkscrewing four time before grinding to a stop on it 's hood . the airbag deploy , smash kable into he seat ... 106 ext . restricted area - subway entrance 106 kable scramble out of the vehicle ; he spot a half collapse subway entrance and run for it ... 107 ext . restricted area - sky 107 behind he , two smart missile be streaking high across the grey sky ... they change direction and double there speed - it 's fuck horrific ... and converge on the down truck in a eyeblink . boom . 108 ext . restricted area - subway entrance 108 kable be lifted off he feet and blow into the subway entrance , which collapse behind he . fade to black . 66 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 109 int . frat house - day 109 the frat guy be stand there with they beer , freeze , mouth hang open . on screen be a three dimensional test pattern accompany by a sexy female voice : female voice please stand by ... please stand by ... please stand by ... frat guy what just happen ? 110 ext . montage , news report - day 110 the report play on a variety of public screen : female news host to recap : initial report be that kable , the most recognizable face of the slayer phenomenon next to Ken Castle himself - be officially list as fragge ... news CO - host ( bitter ) that 's bullshit . female news host ... just one session away from be the first slayer ever to win a full pardon and release . CUT to : 111 int . commuter train - day 111 a drab , above ground commuter train ; somehow reminiscent of the train to the slayer battleground - except the population here be strictly civilian : young , eccentric , mostly attractive , but they eye be burn out , dead ... lose . dishwater daylight filter through the window . the news broadcast continue , feed over video monitor that line the ceiling of the train . the passenger ' eye be glue to the screen ... ( continued ) 67 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 111 continued : 111 female news host in a netcast plague by technical difficulty and dead spot the report could not be confirm - however kable - bear John tillman of albany , New York and convict of murder just four year ago - have be remove from slayer roster and upcoming event listing . ... include , we reveal : angie . she be stunne ; she eye well up with tear . no one notice . female news host ( cont would ) his player , game megastar Simon silverton - could not be reach for comment . 112 ext . brooklyn / brownstone - day 112 graffiti on concrete , stencile : slayer be bad tv - humanz kable be stand across the street from a beat down brownstone , watch the second floor window . a funky off -road motocross bike buzze by he and up onto the sidewalk , farting smoke . kable ignore the rider , who park , get off , lose the brain bucket and step up to he side . trace she 's not home . kable turn - the rider be a green -ey 22 year - old girl with black rimmed weezer glass ; smart and cute as hell ... this be trace . trace ( cont would ) but Castle 's personal security will be , soon enough - trust I , you do not want to meet they . ( beat ) you know , it 's pretty obvious that you would come here first . kable who be you ? trace smile . trace you ask I that once before . ( continued ) 68 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 112 continued : 112 kable you voice ... we might recognize it too - it 's the voice from the other side of the cell door . trace you should really come with I ... she glance skyward toward the SOUND of helicopter . trace ( cont would ) ... like , now . kable consider he option ... they take off on the moto , trace drive . 113 ext . street of new york - day 113 trace dart nimbly through traffic and pedestrian , finally zagging up onto the sidewalk and down a side alley ... 114 ext . alley - adult store entrance 114 there 's a open doorway to the leave - neon sign above : adult xxx video 3d - id novelty toy she cut hard 90 degree , straight into it , leave tread on the concrete - through hang black rubber strip curtain ... 115 int . adult store - narrow stairwell 115 and straight down a narrow stairwell , take the stair motocross ... she cut hard right at the bottom ... 116 int . freight elevator 116 ... down a concrete corridor and onto a minimal freight elevator - open on the side ... punch the down button , bike still idling ... kable cough from the fume ... halfway down there be a square open in the wall of the elevator shaft - a tunnel to black . trace hang on . ( continued ) 69 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 116 continued : 116 trace revs up the bike - and as they pass the tunnel , she pop it . they be gone . 117 int . humanz headquarters - moment later 117 a dark , underground video arcade ... low ceiling , concrete ; old school - sort of a graveyard of lose game ... the classic of the 80s - missile command , defender , robotron , crank , etc . the dimension of the room be impossible to determine . a dozen or so people - just black silhouettes in the cathode ray glow - be scattered around , bang button , give it body english , rack up score . trace lead kable through , toward the one brightly lit spot : at the center of the arcade , a AIR hockey table be blast with white light from above . humanz brother , who we recognize from simon be vid screen , and humanz dude - mid 20 , long hair - be play : clackclack , click , clackclunk , clack ... they be so wrap up in they game that they do not appear to notice kable . humanz brother smack a random 3 - bank winner . humanz brother you a fool . humanz dude stop play that freaky shit off the rail . humanz brother it 's a game of deception . humanz dude whatever , that 's cuz you get no power ... humanz dude measure a shot , roll the paddle with one finger - then lets it rip - slamm the game winner in a straight line past humanz brother be freeze paddle - score : 7 - 5 . humanz dude ( cont would ) ( get in he face ) huh ? what ? humanz brother bullshit . kable you guy suck . ( continued ) 70 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 117 continued : 117 they turn , suddenly aware of he . humanz dude be paddle hand go limp ; the puck limp in and score , meaninglessly . humanz dude ( impressed ) kable . Holy shit . humanz brother his name 's tillman . humanz dude whatever . ( to kable ) you make it . you be really here . kable look they over - he 's not sure what he expect , but it be not this . kable you be the one who break I out ? trace we only freed you mind . humanz brother you ass follow . humanz dude hey , kable ... dude seem to be the most affect by kable' presence - brother be calm , in the moment ; trace be focus , all business ... dude be pure fanboy . humanz dude ( cont would ) you be ... great . humanz brother give humanz dude a look and shake he head . humanz brother ( to kable ) you get question . kable a few . he glance over at trace . kable ( cont would ) she take my blood . why ? humanz dude the nanex modify the actual cell structure of you brain ... ( more ) ( continued ) 71 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 117 continued : ( 2 ) 117 humanz dude ( cont would ) we can crack it , but it 's not one size fit all ; we need you DNA to generate custom code . kable alright . why I ? humanz dude because Castle 's scared of you . humanz brother it be not just a game , you know , tillman . everyday there 's more people steppin forward , wanna be a part of Castle 's world . throw away everything it mean to be human . trace right now it 's the desperate one ... convict , addict ... the sick , the poor ... the one that fall through the crack ... they have no choice . humanz dude but this be only the beginning . humanz brother think about it : the federal prison system be grow out of control , set to bankrupt the whole damn USA ... Castle ride in on a white horse , say he get a plan to bail we out and everyone just fall in line . trace so what 's next ? the health care system be collapse - Castle come to the rescue again ... humanz brother this time he 's pushin total control of genetic disease ... birth defect a thing of the past ... all we gotta do be exchange we cell for the one he wanna give we . trace the promise of a longer life and a fatter wallet - you think people will refuse ? ( continued ) 72 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 117 continued : ( 3 ) 117 humanz dude Hell no . humanz brother they will be stand in line to hand they baby over to he . next thing you know , we all slave . trace we can not let that happen . humanz dude gotta bring the man down . trace you can help we , tillman . ( with urgency ) you have to help we . kable take this in , and start to walk away . kable I can not help you . humanz brother tillman . kable ignore he - he 's out . but humanz brother freeze he in he track : humanz brother ( cont would ) we know where she be . 118 int . FBI interrogation - time indeterminate 118 simon be in a stark interrogation room , alone , drum he finger on the table - thumb -to-pinky , pinky - to-thumb . try not to show how scared he be . the door click open and several men enter . one sit . we only see they from behind , not they face ; simon nod waddup . the seated man push several photo across the table to simon . simon glance at the top photo as casually as he can manage - it show simon in a MTV trl - type set , be interview in front of a live audience of teenage girl . when agent keith speak , he be calm , conversational . agent keith guess you remember that day . simon nod , noncommitally . ( continued ) 73 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 118 continued : 118 agent keith ( cont would ) you would just get kable through he tenth consecutive session alive ... no one ever think a I - con could last that long . another photo show simon on a jumbotron pose with he finger in the camera 's face , throw the motion control hand signal for FIRE and kill ... in another , he 's be mobbed at a event , signing a amazing pair of breast with a black marker . agent keith ( cont would ) pretty hot shit , be not you ? King player . simon good time . agent keith sure . on the outside . now look at this . a new series of graphic photo show bloody , mangle remain - the aftermath of a slayer session . agent keith ( cont would ) this be what it 's like on the inside . ( beat ) wonder how long you would last on the other side of the screen . this sit in the room for a beat - simon consider several response , choose none of they . agent keith ( cont would ) Simon , you be be hold today suspect of aid in the escape of a convict murderer from a maximum security penitentiary . the charge be ... beyond serious . you hard drive have be seize - forensics be decrypt the content as we speak . you internet activity over the last ten year be be scrutinize and catalogue in minute , vivid detail ... simon flinch at this one . ( continued ) 74 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 118 continued : ( 2 ) 118 agent keith ( cont would ) in addition , you father 's bank account have be freeze pend further investigation - naturally , see it be he money that essentially fund Mr. tillman 's escape . ( beat ) I be go to need you to tell I everything that happen lead up to yesterday afternoon . everyone you talk to , everything you hear , everything you do . I need you to do that ... right now . simon yeah , um ... I need something too . agent keith ( ice cold ) do you now ? and what might that be ? simon swallow hard . simon could you dude do a sandwich like : peanut butter , almond butter , walnut butter ... pecan butter , pistachio butter ... pretty much any kind of , you know , nut butter . and Welch 's grape . Dead silence . simon chew a hanging chad off of a fingernail . agent keith pistachio . they make that ? simon it 's awesome . fade to black . 119 int . gorge's live room - day 119 fat finger squeeze air . angie , in a white tank top and panty , be pull to 3-d life - size dimension on gorge be video wall , stand impassively in space . a fat tongue wet fat lip . ( continued ) 75 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 119 continued : 119 gorge scroll through option ... hair , clothes , makeup ... from slutty to sci-fi to quirky to casual , and back to slutty ... as he select option they appear on angie , rotating her in three dimension to model ; she 's a live , breathe barbie doll . orange sherbet hair , then a platinum white Judy jetson ponytail ... black cat - suit , daisy duke , darryl Hannah 's punk replicant from blade runner ... he choose a look and lock it in ... gorge lift a oxygen mask to he face and breathes deep ... he goe limp in he chair - eye roll up in he head , head clocked back to face the ceiling ... bath in sweat ... the mask fall away ... and we ... fade to black . 120 ext . society - day 120 angie be on the sidewalk , a little unsteady on high heel - wear the outfit gorge chose . other people be wander around everywhere . a debutante - type in a pink ensemble have a poofy shitzu on a leash ; the shitzu be pissing on it's owner' leg , but she do not seem to notice . a taxi speed by with four people crush in the back seat have crazy animal sex . angie start walk . she pass a familiar face , who turn to watch she go , without expression - be that gina parker smith ? angie walk around the corner to a bar and go in . 121 int . thorax bar - continuous 121 the thorax bar be small , intimate , but ultra-styled ... the theme be insect . all manner of exotic bug preserve in glass , suspend in ice ... one wall be a giant , black - light ant farm ... green , glow fireflies dart through the air ... people lounge on plush seating , gobble up creatively prepare bug delicacy - fried pink grasshopper , fat yellow grub with red chili oil ... angie take a seat at the bar . bartender the usual ? she just wink , flirtatious . the bartender return a smile and shake up a aqua blue martini ... to finish , he plop in a live , white larva ... ( continued ) 76 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 121 continued : 121 it curl and twist in the liquid , soaking the alcohol into it 's pulp ... she take a sip , let the larva curl around she tongue ... swallow it down ... as a guy take a seat to she leave - he hair be shiny , slick black licorice . rick rape hi nika . angie oh. hi. Rick rape , right ? in gorge's apartment he lip move , angie be echoing to match . angie ( cont would ) I think you be not allow to come here anymore . rick rape laugh , throw he head back and slapping he knee - exaggerated . rick rape that be just last month . I be a bad boy . angie yawn . angie be you still a bad boy ? 122 int . angie' build , hallway - day 122 angie exit the elevator on the 3rd floor - a modern , minimalist building ... rick rape be with she , close behind . they come to a apartment door ; rick rape push she , from behind , up against the door - violent ... she right hand slap a palm identification sensor alongside the door and it whisper OPEN . angie snap a heel ; they stumble in . 123 int . angie' apartment - continuous 123 angie be place be some kind of overdecorate , schitzophrenic blend of girlie / geeky / porn . shaft of nicotine sunlight filter through pattern curtain . she crawl along a plush white fur rug ... rick rape follow ... he lick he lip - a automatic gesture - and begin to unbutton he pant . angie , on she hand and knee , back to he , do not even bother to look , until ... ( continued ) 77 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 123 continued : 123 rick rape urkk . she turn . kable have rick rape up in the air , hold he like a barbell - with one hand crushing he throat , the other he ball . he bring he down over he knee , snapping he like a broken bat - kkrrunch . angie' face be passive , neutral ... but she eye be nuclear with emotion . kable toss rick rape be break body into the bedroom ... then fall to he knee in front of angie and take she face in he palm , gently - eye locked into hers . gorge be paralyze . gorge / angie please do not kill I . angie say the word , but they do not match she eye . kable just shake he head , try to grasp the situation . gorge / angie ( cont would ) I will do anything . kable do not say that . gorge hold out he hand ; angie' finger caress kable' chest and move toward he crotch ... kable ( cont would ) stop . he push she hand away , gently . kable ( cont would ) this be not you . angie' eye well up with tear . kable ( cont would ) ( try to contain he rage ) God damn it ... you - in there ... control she ... let she talk , motherfucker . gorge swallow ; kable be stare straight into he eyeball . ( continued ) 78 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 123 continued : ( 2 ) 123 gorge / angie I can not . kable bury he face in he hand ; it 's tearing he up . gorge / angie ( cont would ) she have to say what I tell she . kable look deep into angie be eye . kable ( almost whisper ) you can hear I , baby . I know you can . he wipe away a tear from she cheek with he thumb . after all he 's be through he begin to break down . kable ( cont would ) I love you ... love you ... gorge / angie I love you too . kable ( snap ) shut up !!! he 's scream directly at gorge , who cower in he chair as if kable be in the room with he . kable ( cont would ) say anything else and I will find you ... I will rip you to fucking piece , do you understand I ? gorge / angie nod . kable ( cont would ) ( to angie ) I be get you out of here . 124 int . angie' build , hallway - day 124 kable pull angie out the door and down the hall , in tactical mode , weapon ready ... he head to the elevator , punch up a ride . no sign of trouble . kable ( quiet ) I be go to take you someplace where they can turn it off ... the program ... ( continued ) 79 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 124 continued : 124 gorge / angie say nothing . the elevator door whisper open - hackman be stand there with a assault shotgun . hackman ( friendly ) hi , kable . boom . kable take it in the chest ; he 's blown off he feet , through a wall and into a apartment opposite the elevator . hackman grab angie' wrist , drag she onto the elevator and wait a beat , smile pleasantly . the elevator door close . 125 int . apartment - day 125 kable be on he back in rubble . his chest be a black , smoking hole ... but as the smoke clear we see that he body armor have absorbed the blast . he 's groggy , in excruciate pain , wind knock out of he - but alive . two guy in gas mask and rubber suit be watch he from the next room as he attempt to struggle to he knee ; kable have obviously interrupt something . 126 int . elevator - simultaneous 126 hackman and angie be have a pleasant ride down , hackman be hand fold in front of he , patiently ; the shotgun - still smoking - shoulder strapped . hackman ( to angie ) anybody in there ? the elevator stop and pick up two passengers : a giggling , necking couple . the door close . hackman give gorge / angie a wink and flash a nine inch bowie knife , carbon steel , nasty . angie' eye go wide with terror . the couple be oblivious . gorge can not hold back , the sick fuck ; he squirm in he chair , sweat bucket , feel himself up . and when he speak , angie echoe : gorge / angie come on ... do it ... hackman raise he eyebrow - he be not expect that one ... but he oblige . a flex of he shoulder ; the necking girl be leg buckle under she and she go down without a peep . ( continued ) 80 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 126 continued : 126 the guy be confuse - where would she go ? he look to angie . hackman headlock he from behind , and slowly - make eye contact with gorge / angie the entire time - snap he neck . angie be eye stream tear ; gorge be in ecstasy . hackman let the second body drop , chuckle , as the elevator door open ... kable be wait . 127 int . angie' build , lobby - continuous 127 kable grab hackman with both hand , rip he out of the elevator and slam he into a wall . a brutal head - butt to the face , smash bone ... another . hackman' face erupt with blood . hackman swing blind with the bowie knife , once , twice - the blade miss kable , backpedal , by fraction of inch ; displace some serious AIR ... hackman let it fly . the bowie whistle past kable' face and thunks into the wall behind he , four inch deep . hackman smear the blood from he eye and bring up the shotgun , but kable be quick - instead of try to move away , he step in , push the barrel straight down as hackman fire . the big hit put a crater in the floor and take out a set of hackman be toe . kable kick the shotgun from hackman be hand and bring up he own weapon to close the deal ... ... as the glass wall of the lobby explode . more slayer be moving in . kable release a barrage of cover fire , grab angie and break for the back exit . 128 ext . society - day 128 kable and angie hit white hot daylight . a blue slayer break the corner of the building and kable frag he . kable grab angie by the shoulder and yell directly at gorge : kable you ! where the hell do we go ? continuous shot : gorge / angie start run across the street , lead the way ; ( continued ) 81 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 128 continued : 128 kable take out another blue at a distance , follow close behind she . they run into a generic , unmarked build ... 129 int . society build - continuous 129 ... the shot continue , across the lobby , through a anonymous grey door ... 130 int . stair / pink corridor 130 ... and down a flight of stair ... muffled music be thumping , get louder ... down a pink corridor and into ... 131 int . underground rave - continuous 131 ... a 24 hour underground rave , in full effect . this thing be fucking huge ... in the dark it 's impossible to tell just how big ... hundred of writhe society dude , chick and other ... day - glo , move spotlight , strobe ... the bubble girl from crank make a appearance ... along with the discovery channel skater from the park , now in gothed - up gear ... kable gather it all ... he take angie' arm and begin to wade through the chaos ... the blood spatter on he face pop in sharp , inverse day -glo , like hartigan' scar in sin CITY ... a skater girl take a hold of the glow , smoking barrel of kable' weapon and start to skate circle around he , ring - around - the-rosie ... he wrench it hard , send she fly into a crowd that go down like bowling pin . they continue moving ... kable happen to notice red lasers move through the dark ... probing ... rave light ? no ... thoom . thoom thoom . lightning flash , explosion ... a raver nearby disintegrate , blood and gut a day glo volcano . dancers slip and fall on there asse in the viscera . the slayer be move through the rave , hunt . everyone but kable and angie be so out of it they do not even notice . kable ( to gorge ) you. run. angie run . kable go commando , evade the hunter , ducking under exploding shit ... he move to flank they ... ( continued ) 82 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 131 continued : 131 the dj be decapitate by a stray 50 caliber round but the groove don't stop ... lightning strike freeze the action as kable engage the blue , one by one ... he take out three of they with close range blast and another hand -to-hand-to-headsnap - then notice more blue move in ... too many ... he catch up to angie and they make for a exit , any exit ... 132 int . rave - lounge area 132 they find curtain , run past freaky chill lounge and smoke out room ... kable blow a hole in a lock maintenance door and they duck out of rave world into ... 133 int . rave - industrial concrete corridor 133 ... a industrial concrete corridor ... muffled blast , scream in the rear surround tell kable the blue be close behind ... up more stair , they slam through a service door and back into ... 134 ext . society - day , continuous 134 ... blind daylight . a scooby doo - look van pull up to the curb in front of they ; the back door swing OPEN . gina parker smith I can get you out . not much choice . kable and angie climb in . the electric van drive quietly away , attract no attention . 135 int . van - continuous 135 kable slump against the wall of the van , cradling angie in he arm - exhaust . angie' eye be post - traumatic , search . gina be pumped . gina parker smith I can not believe it 's you . this be ... ( gather herself ) listen : you can trust I , kable . kable ( quietly ) if not ... ( continued ) 83 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 135 continued : 135 he look she straight in the eye . kable ( cont would ) you be dead . gina pale . he 's not lie . fade to black . 136 int . humanz headquarters , back room - time indeterminate 136 close - up : a lancet be prepare ... it puncture skin and suck . angie be lie on a black leather couch , unconscious - breathe deeply ... trace pop the lancet out of angie' fingertip and plop a red drop into a glass tube of liquid . kable kneel beside angie , stroking she hair . humanz dude , humanz brother and gina parker smith be all there . kable now what ? humanz dude ( shrug ) the crack work - you be the proof ... we put the DNA in the soup , light it up , extract it - then feed my girl 's sequence into the code and we be good to go . gina parker smith ( think out loud ) it 's a anti-spyware program . humanz dude basically . we can not quarantine the foreign cell per se but we can disable they ability to transmit and receive . gina be not buy this i.t. guy shit . gina parker smith fuck that . I would make you cut it out of I . trace give she a glance : dumb bitch . trace that would be like cut out part of you brain . ( more ) ( continued ) 84 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 136 continued : 136 trace ( cont would ) the nanocell replace the cell they replicate ... they become you . gina have no answer . kable how long will she sleep ? trace we be go to have to keep she sedate until we can kill the link ... otherwise she 's broadcasting everything she see or hear . humanz dude thirty minute ... you give we a robot , we give you back a super hot human . trace roll she eye . humanz brother tillman . kable look . humanz brother ( cont would ) we need to talk , my man . kable so talk . humanz brother come on . CUT to : 137 int . humanz headquarters - moment later 137 primitive , 8 - bit arcade demo screen : missile obliterate a city in missile command , line - vector tank track 3d target in battlezone , etc . humanz brother ( v.o. ) Ken Castle make he first billion design virtual reality simulator for the US military . six year ago he bring they something new - a breakthrough so profound , he say , that history would be divide up between everything before and everything that come after . ( continued ) 85 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 137 continued : 137 humanz brother and kable walk through the dark arcade , past row of machine ... the light and pattern of 8 - bit demo sequence and hi score screen flash across they face . humanz brother ( cont would ) they test it on soldier ... the first volunteer be corporal Travis scotch - a friend of yours , I believe . they stop . kable yeah . he be . humanz brother the second be you . kable fight difficult memory . kable the idea be to replace you brain , bit by bit , cell by cell , gradual ... the new tissue would never break down , never deteriorate . ( bitter ) a new era in human longevity be what they tell we . we be do the world a favor . humanz brother ( nod ) nine week later scotch be dead and you be serve life in maximum . Castle 's project be shut down ... but the shit be not a total loss : the same technology resurface within a year ... in a game . Castle call it society . kable thank you for the history lesson . humanz brother dig I , tillman . whatever happen in that project be something Castle wanna be bury . we need that shit , baby : what you see , what you know . kable I do not know what to tell you . ( continued ) 86 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 137 continued : ( 2 ) 137 humanz brother you be not gotta tell I shit , tillman . ( beat ) I want you to show I . 138 int . humanz headquarters , back room - time indeterminate 138 slow push in on unconscious angie . we hear trace interact with humanz tech off-camera as a heart monitor beeps steadily . trace ( o.c. ) alright . we be ready to rock . a sequence be punch in on a keyboard . trace ( o.c. ) , ( cont would ) let 's transmit in three ... two ... one ... click . with a gasp , angie' eye SNAP OPEN . match CUT to : 139 int . gorge's live room - night , simultaneous 139 gorge's eye SNAP OPEN . he spazy out like a turtle on it 's shell , a moment of panic - he 's be passed out in he chair and do not immediately know where he be . he look around the dark room nervously ; take a hit of oxygen . on the screen , society be go - there be only a nebulous test pattern . behind he , a SOUND . gorge hooz there ? he run he hand along the chair' trackball control , it spin around and roll forward a bit . castle' geek squad be stand in the room , silhouettes in the dark - scary . gorge ( cont would ) ( freak ) what be you do here ? who be you ? ( continued ) 87 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 139 continued : 139 geek leader tech support . fade to black . 140 int . humanz headquarters , tech room - night 140 a screen glitches - pixellate , fuck up , highly compress , like a internet feed through a bust satellite . we begin to make out a coherent image : it be a Pov , walk , of a industrial corridor . cameras mount and door with square glass window . we back away from the screen to reveal - humanz dude , humanz brother and gina parker smith be watch the image on a lo-fi computer monitor . humanz dude run he finger along a touchpad , moving frequencies around on a waveform monitor , try to dial the picture in better . we see kable through a observation window , slump over in a chair ... dreaming ? or just concentrating ? gina parker smith what be we look at ? humanz brother his memory ... translate as raw audiovisual data . gina parker smith I read something about this . but that tech be suppose to be a decade away ... humanz dude smirk , shake he head . humanz dude current exponential rate of growth , I can not imagine a piece of tech that will take that long to come around . he bang on a key , beat up the interface . humanz dude ( cont would ) they will have better shit than this in best buy within 18 month . 141 int . military facility - time indeterminate 141 kable - young , in uniform - walk down a sterile corridor . he be dead calm , emotionless . ( continued ) 88 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 141 continued : 141 tiny surveillance cameras track he movement . he come to a door ; it whisper open and he step in . 142 int . military facility , debrief room - continuous 142 a white , minimal room - table , two chair . we may recognize it from the video the humanz send to simon . in one chair : a man , 30 , beard and mustache grow out thick ; in uniform . kable sit down in the other . scotch tillman . never think I would be so glad to see you ugly grille . kable scotch . scotch ( mimick he ) scotch . ( back in character ) I will tell you what man : this place suck . CUT to : 143 int . humanz headquarters , tech room - simultaneous 143 on the computer screen : scotch gesture to indicate the white room , the facility ... scotch ( to kable , grin ) they get I hook up to computer five hour a day ... nurse feed I vitamin , give I shot , wiping my butt - male nurse , I might add ... CUT back to : 144 int . military facility , debrief room - continuous 144 scotch chuckle , conspiratorial . scotch what about you ? you be dress like a semi-human be ... they let you out already ? kable' response do not match scotch be energy - he 's bland , generic . ( continued ) 89 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 144 continued : 144 kable I be not get out . scotch ( confuse ) ok . ( beat ) tillman ... dude . be you good ? kable I be fine . scotch uh huh . you do not look good . kable I be sorry . kable' " sorry " seem to refer to something only kable know . scotch ( hesitant , make light ) well , it 's not like you ever look that good ... a beat . scotch be suddenly conscious of the surveillance . kable' eye flicker away from scotch be . he calmly remove he military issue .45 from it 's holster and let it rest on the table between they . he stare at it intensely , emotion start to seep through the icy line of he face . scotch ( cont would ) ( quietly ) tillman , what do they do to you ? 145 int . humanz headquarters , tech room - continuous 145 the image on the screen begin to break up . hard to make out ... gina parker smith what 's happen ? humanz brother hold up a finger : shhh . through the observation window we see present - day kable jerk and spasm in the chair . 146 int . military facility , debrief room - continuous 146 kable start to shake ; the gun rattles on the table top . a bead of sweat creep down he forehead . it 's apparent that he be lock in a paralyze internal struggle ... ( continued ) 90 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 146 continued : 146 a low hum in the room start to swell and throb , numb , disorient ... scotch ( freak ) tillman ... it seem to take all of kable be strength to answer . his voice be halting , human - not robotic like before . kable I can not stop it ... can not ... kable' eye meet scotch be ; they be red , rimmed with tear . scotch who be you ? CUT to : 147 int . surveillance room - same time 147 we punch in on a wall of two way glass behind scotch , pixellate visual noise resolve to murky detail as we move in - we punch through the glass to reveal a familiar silhouette - castle bring up he hand , miming a gun . he smile . CUT to : 148 int . military facility , debrief room - same time 148 kable bring up the gun , point it at scotch be forehead ... scotch be too stunne to react . kable I be sorry ... kable scream - CUT to the silent , fix surveillance cam footage that humanz send to simon : kable pull the trigger , soundless . scotch fall over . Black blood pool . 149 int . humanz headquarters , tech room - continuous 149 the humanz monitor goe dead . humanz dude not the best commercial for k - soft technology . ( continued ) 91 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 149 continued : 149 gina parker smith be practically moist , vision of monster rating dance in she head . gina parker smith you can say that again . trace ( bitter ) he make he do it . Castle make he do it . humanz brother a test . everyone 's eye have be glue to it - now they look up , through the observation window ... the room be empty . the chair be knock over on the floor ; kable be go . 150 int . humanz headquarters - moment later 150 kable be slump against concrete , on he knee ... reliving the murder have knock the hell out of he , but he 's dealing with it . a pair of skinny legs walk up and kneel next to he : angie . he touch she face , look deep into she eye - they be wet with emotion . kable it 's you . she just nods . they embrace ... finally , for real . angie I miss you ... so much ... kable ( softly ) delia . angie say nothing , just hold he tighter . kable push she * hair back - he search she eye , desperate with emotion . * kable ( cont would ) baby ... what do they do ? * angie * I could not stop they . * angie shake she head , will not meet he eye . ( continued ) 92 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 150 continued : 150 trace ( o.c. ) nobody could . * kable turn to face her . * trace ( cont would ) you daughter be take into foster care by the state two year ago . kable try to understand ... * trace ( cont would ) the foster parent pay good money to remain anonymous ... to make sure the girl would be untraceable . but there 's always a data trail , if you know where to look . ( shrug ) we do . kable be gather himself , focus ... a FURY building . kable where be she ? trace I be sorry , tillman . guess he need a insurance policy . ( long beat ) she 's with Castle . CUT to : 151 ext . NYC STREET - near humanz alley - night 151 kable slam through crowd - he 's on a mission . the alley lead to the underground headquarters be right around the corner . gina parker smith tillman ! gina fight to catch up to he . she get a hand on he shoulder ... he spin . gina parker smith ( cont would ) ( out of breath ) wait . I want to come with you . kable' eye leave no room for doubt : not a chance . kable that 's all the story you be go to get . ( continued ) 93 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 151 continued : 151 he bail , leave she there . just then : match black suv pull up to the curb just ten feet from where she stand . castle' geek squad pile out ... gina see they , recognize they from the interview with castle ; she turn away just in time to avoid be recognize by a geek as he scan the crowd . but they be not after she ... they head straight for the alley . CUT to : 152 int . cell - time indeterminate 152 black . a door open , a switch be throw ... and simon be blind by harsh fluorescent light . he sit up on a cot , wear a white T-shirt and pajama pants ; fuck up hair , groggy . he belches . agent keith ( o.c. ) alright , silverton . get up and get out . simon cool . agent keith ( sarcastic ) yeah , be not it ? look like someone up the chain decide you be no longer a threat . CUT to : 153 int . simon be room - time indeterminate 153 simon slide open the door to he room , peak inside hesitantly . it 's trashed . the floor be litter with bust up electronics and garbage . the wall - size screen be all run the same thing - a single word , repeat in column , by the thousand - scrolling fast , a digital waterfall of word , white on black : cheater it 's over . simon sit down in the middle of the detritus , in a state of mild SHOCK - he 's lost everything . ( continued ) 94 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 153 continued : 153 he gesture at the screen and close out the scrolling loop ... then once again , attempt to activate slayer control ; the screen show the same nebulous test pattern we last see on gorge be screen . female voice no link ... no link . simon slump against the wall , defeated . fade to black . 154 ext . castle estate - night 154 castle' estate be like a deserted CITY . balcony , underlit dome , lush landscape , abstract statue , waterfall ... tiny camera everywhere ... and not a soul in sight . kable drop over a wall and onto grass . wind in the leave , cricket music - otherwise dead silence . he keep to the tree , make he way toward the central mansion . then : the sound of dog ... they come in a pack , lope across the lawn - grey , more like wolve ... kable ready he gun to take they out - but the dog run right past he . they round a corner and disappear . weird . kable look up , spot a camera ... and another , and another ... stand to reason he 's be marked already . he walk out into the OPEN . 155 int . castle' mansion - night 155 the giant front door of the mansion be OPEN . kable walk right in . the interior be huge ... and empty . no furniture , no art ; no people of course . could anyone possibly live here ? he explore ... 156 int . castle' mansion - empty hall - night 156 and then - at the far end of a large , empty hall : a little girl , 5 - be sit on the floor by herself , play with doll , make they walk and talk . ( continued ) 95 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 156 continued : 156 kable be eye go wide . he start to walk toward she , slowly at first ... kable delia ... ... and finally break into a run - until : he slam into what seem to be a invisible wall , crumpling to the ground . the girl do not react . kable pound on the glass ... kable ( cont would ) delia ! ... then look closer , run he finger across the smooth surface . ken castle ( o.s. ) not bad for video , eh ? the voice come from unseen speaker ; it seem to be everywhere at once , intimate . ken castle ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) the latest and great ... defy you to tell it from real life . you imagine porn on this thing ? kable want to explode - but he contain himself . he 's play castle' game , and the rule be still undefined . then - music : the SOUND of a swingin ' hi - hat from down a long corridor - t - t - tssss , t - t - tssss , t - t - tsss ... kable walk toward the source ; a bass and piano pick up the groove . 157 int . castle' mansion , ballroom - continuous 157 he come to a ballroom - empty , like everything else ; shiny hardwood floor for dancing . a spotlight pop on from above , illuminate ken castle . he 's wear a t-shirt and jeans . every instinct tell kable to go after he - but he hold back . who know if it 's even real ? and then castle start to sing ... ... or more precisely , lip sync - the voice be sinatra , I have get you under my skin ... castle be do a spot - on karaoke : I have get you under my skin ( continued ) 96 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 157 continued : 157 I have get you deep in the heart of I so deep in my heart , that you be really a part of I I have get you under my skin ... he 's snap he finger , put on the move ... then - from behind curtain - a half dozen slayer appear . we recognize the scarree , battle - tough face from the prison , the game , the pursuit ... only instead of blue , they be wear tuxedot with blue bow - tie . kable grip he weapon , but the man be unarmed ; instead , they fall in on the beat and go into a choreographed dance behind castle ... I would sacrifice anything come what might for the sake of have you near in spite of a warning voice that come in the night and repeat , and repeat in my ear ... kable notice shadowy figure around the perimeter of the room ... glass , beard , pony tail - silently , the geek squad have move in and take position . they move they hand in rhythm , synchronize ... each one seem to control a dancer : they twirl a finger and the slayer spin ... kick with two finger for legs and the slayer kick like a rockette . suddenly , on a musical hit , everyone - castle , the geek , the slayer - point dramatically up at the wall , where a video screen begins to play : it be footage of the geek squad busting into humanz headquarters and efficiently killing everyone . angie be taser unconscious and drag away . do not you know , little fool , you never can win ? use you mentality , wake up to reality ... but each time I do just the think of you make I stop - before I give in Cause I have get you , under my skin ... kable hit he break point . he bring up he weapon to open up on the slayer ... click . it 's dead . the geek have take care of that . kable toss it aside and sprint for castle , but the slayer break off from the choreography to engage he ; turn out they be flesh and blood after all . castle back away , whistling the melody , and continue he softshoe to the music as kable wade into brutal hand - to-hand combat ... break neck , snap arm , smash face ... it 's a full - on ballet of death ... finally , the music end , right on cue : kable be finish off the last of the man , blood on he hand . ( continued ) 97 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 157 continued : ( 2 ) 157 castle applaud ; the geek follow suit . ken castle ( genuinely stoke ) you be awesome . kable Castle . ken castle kable . they speak simultaneously : kable ken castle I do not care about you . you do not care about I . ken castle ( cont would ) ... you just want you little sugar pie , I know . so do not do anything stupido . my house , my rule . castle walk away , leave he back open to kable seemingly without concern , toward a side door . ken castle ( cont would ) come on , I want to show you something . 158 int . castle' mansion , hallway - continuous 158 track along the hallway , medium close , profile : castle walk along , confidently , kable follow . the background be a black , glitter starscape . ken castle I have get to thank you for lead I to they , by the by - the human - zuzz that be ... snap out wide : the hallway seem to run along the surface of the moon - another 3 - D projection , no doubt . crater and lunar debris stretch to the horizon . the geek squad walk along behind castle and kable at a distance ... they be all tiny moon ant in the vast lunar panorama ... the planet earth rise majestically in the dark heaven . ken castle ( cont would ) of course , soon enough they would be whistling my tune like everybody else ... but meantime it be that little cracker program they dream up that get my attention ... ( more ) ( continued ) 98 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 158 continued : 158 ken castle ( cont would ) that be a genuine nuisance , no doubt about it ... one thing even they do not know , though : I be wire too . SNAP back to castle , medium close . his eye be fucking crazy . ken castle ( cont would ) I replace 98 % of my own noodle with nano- tissue year ago ... 159 int . castle' court - continuous 159 they leave the hallway and step on to a indoor , NBA regulation basketball court ; electronic scoreboard , bleacher , the whole nine . it 's dark , moody - only one bank of overhead flood be turn on . at the far end of the court , hackman be in warm - ups , shoot basket . one leg - the one with the abbreviated toe - be in a flex brace . the geek squad grab seat in the bleacher . ken castle but mine 's different . ( tap he forehead ) built to send - to transmit . whereas every other k - soft cell out there - include the one in ... ( tap kable' forehead ) you head , kable - be design to receive . I think it , you do it . castle look across the court at hackman ; nod toward he ... hackman drop the ball and begin to pop lock . ken castle ( cont would ) we be talk every slayer , everyone in Society City ... I believe you better half would fall under that category ... provide they be within range of my transmitter ... castle chuckle at hackman ; hackman stop dance , jog over , pick up the ball and resume shoot . kable ( sarcastic ) very nice , Castle . so you have get a army of psychotics and deviant to dance around for you . ( continued ) 99 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 159 continued : 159 castle narrow he eye , amusement edging out irritation ; he walk over to a bin of grip powder . ken castle you be think small , kable . but not as small as I . he sink he hand into the powder , bring they out and clap , make white dust cloud . kable wave the dust away from he face . ken castle ( cont would ) see , nano cell be real small , a thousand time smaller than even this dust particulate ... ( kable cough ) inhale it and they go to work : replicate , spread ... like a virus , multiply in exponentials ... six month time I could have 100 million people convert - ditch digger , porn star , president - and not one would be the wiser . behind kable , hackman let the ball roll away and silently turn toward US . ken castle ( cont would ) a hundred million folk that will buy what I want they to buy , vote how I want they to vote , do pretty much damn well anything I figure they ought to do . hackman come run at kable from behind , eye burn , at a full charge ... run into focus ... hold the bowie knife ... ken castle ( cont would ) for instance . kable hear hackman at the last second , spin and absorb the tackle . the man go to the ground , grapple , ufc - style . kable have hackman' knife hand by the wrist , stop it - but leave he face unprotected ... hackman bring he free elbow down on kable' face , connect and open a CUT under he eye ; then again - this time kable catch the elbow with he own free hand and wrench it in sideways , dislocate hackman be shoulder with a sicken pop . ( continued ) 100 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 159 continued : ( 2 ) 159 kable work around hackman , get he in a headlock and squeezy ... still grip the knife hand , immobilize it ... hackman be choke , beat red ... for long , brutal second the life drain out of he ... finally , hackman be eye roll back ; he goe limp . kable take the bowie knife from hackman be dead finger . he struggle to he foot , drip sweat and blood . kable you should have let he fight for himself , Castle - he might have have a shot . ken castle ( pleasant ) I think you be miss the point , my man . kable no , I get it - you be pull the string on all of this ... ( start to move toward castle with bad intent ) ... which make my next move pretty easy to figure . kable come at castle fast , bring the knife around to open he throat like a pez dispenser ... his arm freeze in mid AIR , the blade inch from contact . ken castle neglected to mention : my smart boy reverse that hack that fella work for you - easy breezy , once we have access to they drive ... this be gut - wrenching for kable -- after taste freedom , he feel he will rip away from he ... he's be puppeted by the man he hate the most . ken castle ( cont would ) you be mine , boy . with a twitch of castle' eye kable bring the knife down and slice OPEN he own leg . CUT to : 160 int . simon be room - simultaneous 160 simon be sit on the floor , head hang low , in front of the dead wall ... a glitch , a flicker ... the screen come to life : ( continued ) 101 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 160 continued : 160 it 's kable' Pov of ken castle . castle be stripping off he shirt . ken castle ( on screen ) come on , let boogie woogie rock and roll . simon ummm . CUT back to : 161 int . castle' court - continuous 161 castle throw a funky karate kick and nail kable in the jaw ... then a haymaker to the gut , double kable over . he let kable swing the knife just short of he face as he back away . ken castle biggest , baddest slayer in the game ... do not seem like much , do he ? castle be enjoy the hell out of himself . he uppercut kable , snap he head back ... then shake out he knuckle . ken castle ( cont would ) oww ! kable swing he OPEN hand around - castle choreograph it perfectly : kable be nail rake across castle' stomach , marking he up like bruce lee in enter the Dragon . castle strike a pose to match . ken castle ( cont would ) lucky shot. ( grin ) ok , not really . he bring a passable reverse crescent kick that drop kable to the floor . ken castle ( cont would ) I need a audience , boy . a door open at the far end of the court ; kable look up slowly , afraid of what he know he will see : angie and delia be lead into the room . angie press herself * close to delia , hold she shoulder protectively . * ( continued ) 102 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 161 continued : 161 she keep she distance from the geek squad escort and try * to block delia from they - there be raw fear and anger in she * eye ; the geek squad be not overtly violent or menace , but * angie seem acutely aware that they be lethal . delia seem * oddly neutral and unaffected by the entire situation . * castle kick kable across the floor , toward they . ken castle ( cont would ) that 's right , you crawl on you belly like a toad ... ( he look to the geek squad , sheepish ) be this bad ? I be really bad . he give kable a last kick ; kable collapse in front of he daughter ... she look down at he , curiously . * he look up at delia , eye soak with emotion ... then to * angie . they share a moment of intense eye contact - we feel * that angie want desperately to go to he but be unsure of * what be the best action to take strategically ; she be look * to kable for a clue . * kable' eye go back to delia ; he try to reach up and * gently touch she face ... ken castle ( cont would ) that 's sweet . castle step on kable be hand , pin it to the floor . ken castle ( cont would ) alright boy , you ready ? a true test . he steel he eye on kable and concentrate . kable slowly bring up the knife toward deliax throat . angie move to pull delia away - castle merely glance up at * she and she freeze , paralyze . we can see she body strain * against invisible control , raw panic in she eye ... * kable ( desperate ) no. ken castle just like last time . remember ? kable be fighting it with all he will , he whole body shaking ... ( continued ) 103 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 161 continued : ( 2 ) 161 ken castle ( cont would ) you be stronger now ... a little more fight in you ... but I think the end result will be about the same ... * ken castle ( cont would ) shh . the geek look on , impassive . the blade be inch away ... he * look into angie' eye - she and kable be like one ; he * seem to draw strength from she ... finally , kable will * everything he have and stab the knife into the floorboard . * suddenly : kable 's head snap around , he eye confuse ... and in one quick , smooth movement , kable yank the knife out of the floor , rise to he feet and spin on castle . he clap a hand around castle' neck and try to jam the knife up into he gut - but castle be able to freeze he just short ... ken castle ( cont would ) ( freak ) what the hell be that ? the geek break out tiny device and start quickly scan . not even kable understand this . ponytail geek there be 2 network access the same ip address . geek leader someone on the outside be send he command ... CUT to : 162 int . simon be room - simultaneous 162 simon be on he foot , in full badass gamer mode . his body be position exactly like kable' - right hand grip the virtual blade for a underhand thrust ; leave hand clutching castle' throat ... he force he right hand forward ... CUT back to : 104 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 163 int . castle' court - continuous 163 ... kable' knife hand begin to inch forward . now castle be the one struggle for control ; he claw weakly at kable be hand , try to loosen it off he neck ... ken castle ( panic ) jam the signal you GOD damn retard ! geek ( irritate ) work on it ... kable' eye be lock in on castle be ... strain with everything he have ... he strength and will overpower castle , but - ken castle ( like he 's explain the obvious to a child ) I think it . kable , succumb to castle be control , begin to move the knife away from castle be belly . ken castle ( cont would ) you ... fuck ... do it ... castle deliver a crunching headbutt to he nose , kable lose he foot , sweat pour down he face , bloody , drain ... castle push the knife back towards kable . he fight back - every muscle in he arm fight against another like yin &amp ; Yang , vein rise in he neck ... then kable sense a opportunity : kable look at this knife ... imagine I stick it into you gut ... think about it ... make it real . castle laugh ... but he eye flicker to the knife - of course he can not help but picture it ... ... and in that instant kable jam in the blade ... geek leader ( blank ) oops . ( continued ) 105 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 163 continued : 163 ... castle focus , try to pull it back out , but kable shove it in deeper - castle' eye bulge . finally kable twist the knife and lift castle off the ground . the paralysis break from angie - she lunge forward to throw * she arm around she daughter . * 164 int . simon be room - continuous 164 simon ( triumphant ) yes !!! he drop down into the badass , rockstar pose ... 165 int . castle' court - simultaneous 165 ... and kable do the same . * kable damn it , kid ... castle collapse to he knee in front of kable , glass -ey , drain life ... they be face to face . kable ( cont would ) ... be the fuckin pose really necessary ? castle face - plant on the court . simon sorry . kable be body relax ; he toss the knife across the floor ... then turn to face he family . when delia finally speak there be a trace of castle' Georgia peach accent . delia be you my daddy tillman ? he gather delia in he arm and lift she off she foot , squeezing she close ; she squeezy back . kable grab angie with he other arm and pull she in . the geek look at one another - realize that they employment contract with castle have just be terminate ... shrug ; pocket they shit , zip up they backpack and fanny pack , get up and start to file out . kable wait . ( continued ) 106 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 165 continued : 165 geek leader stop . kable ( cont would ) shut it off . geek pardon ? kable the nanex . set we free . the geek look at one another . kable ( cont would ) it 's nothing to you . a mouse - click . geek leader shrug . geek leader true that . he nod to ponytail geek : do it . the geek leader betray a ghost of a smile . geek leader ( cont would ) well play , kable . kable do not answer ; but he eye say : how be any of this a fuck game ? delia mommy . why do daddy tillman hurt daddy Ken ? fade to black . 166 int . bathroom - time indeterminate 166 a video player window pop up : it 's trace , filming herself . trace this be for you , you dumb bitch . I hope you do the right thing with it . the image switch to the capture footage of kable in the military facility ... lead up to scotch be murder . the light from the screen reflect on gina parker smith be face - she 's wide - eye , stunne . ( continued ) 107 . white kable script - 9/19/2007 166 continued : 166 gina parker smith oh , baby ... fade to black . 167 int . kable' car - day 167 shoot star fly past we in the dark ... the same image we start with ... only instead of a underground train carry soldier to battle ... the tunnel end ; we break from the side of a mountain into blue sky and sunlight . kable be drive on the open highway ... angie be in the passenger seat , asleep , head press up against the window glass . kable check the rear view window ; make eye contact with delia , who be suspend in a lightweight car seat in the back seat . kable you good , sweetheart ? delia nod . kable allow himself a smile , put he eye back on the road . angie slowly reach for kable be hand , she rub she thumb on he tattoo - " I be right here with you " - and fall back asleep . the camera tilt up , stare out the front window and move into the giant sun . smash to black . the end