game night by Mark Perez revision by dana Fox & Katherine silberman current revision by Jonathan goldstein & John Francis daley revise draft October 25 , 2016 int . pub - night music blare . we move past people drink , play pool , dart , Beer pong and land on ... max ( 30' ) sit with a team in match t-shirt . ( his say , '' captain . '' ) it 's a rowdy pub trivia night . Max pound a drink and yell at he team : max ( slightly slur ) who care about win ?! let 's get drunk ! his team cheer . Max walk over to the bartender , dead sober : max ( cont 'd ) I need four shot of everclear and four shot of water . ( throw down some bill ) send the real one to the other team . give we the water . the bartender snort and start pour . trivia emcee ( 0.s. ) what former Supreme Court justice -- max ( spin around ) Oliver wendell holme ! Max 's team cheer . trivia emcee ( annoyed ) that be correct . again , I have like to ask the player to allow I to -- max -- finish the question ! his team laugh and cheer again . across the room , also wear a '' captain '' shirt , annie ( 30' ) glare at she teammate , include bill , a schlubby guy . annie come on , guy . focus . this be not a game ! bill it literally be . annie Bill , I swear to god -- trivia emcee for triple point : what be the name of the purple teletubby ? the room quiet ... there 's a intense beat then -- max annie tinky winky ! tinky winky ! Max and Annie lock eye , spark fly . max ( intense ) he always carry a -- annie ( unblink ) -- red purse . I know . there be a definite connection here . int . subway - night Max and Annie stand in the middle of a subway car , furiously make out . the car suddenly come to a stop and the couple go flying into a metal pole . in a montage , Max and Annie win different game night as they relationship progress : --a SMALL studio apartment , play the board game risk with another couple , dan and linda . annie if you take kamchatka and I take Mongolia , we can trap Linda in the middle . max starve out she army . smart . linda hey ! you can not form alliance . annie worked for Hitler . they high - five . linda you be high -five Hitler ?! -- in a nicer apartment , play pictionary . Max haphazardly draw a rectangle . annie '' the best exotic marigold Hotel '' ! other player protest . Max and Annie kiss . --in there modest suburban house , play charade with Bill . Max point to Bill and Annie guess -- annie ( cont 'd ) bill. overweight . single . out of work . bill what the fuck ? annie hairy ? ( Max touch he nose ) hairy . carry . Mary . ( Max touch he nose ) Mary ! ( Max point to himself ) you ! I ! Max gesture to put it together . annie ( cont 'd ) marry I ! Annie do a crazy / cute victory dance but then : annie ( cont 'd ) wait -- what ? she turn back and see Max on one knee , hold a ring . max marry I , Annie . Annie jump into Max 's arm , laugh and kissing he . Bill be still sting from they insult . bill ( half -heart ) congrat . happy for you guy . -- at there wedding reception , Max and Annie play a dancing video game in they tux and wedding dress . Dancing in unison , as they score mount . the song crescendos to ... title up : '' game night '' int . waiting room - day close on a paper football about to be flicked at a finger - goalpost . annie ( 0.s. ) lotta pressure here . you miss , you lose . max ( 0.s . ) stay outta my head , please . Max and Annie sit in a doctor 's wait room play paper football . her hand be the goal . he 's about to '' kick . '' max ( cont 'd ) y’know , you do have the advantage because you finger be smaller than mine which mean you have a smaller goalpost . annie guess you should have marry uma thurman . max guess I should have . Max aim , but just as he 's about to flick the paper football he phone ping a income text . the '' football '' fly wildly far from the goal . max ( cont 'd ) come on ! annie awww . I be sorry , honey . I know how much this mean to you . max that be interference . he read the text . it 's from brooks : '' psyched for tonight ! '' the word be follow by the gif of the obese boy dancing crazily on a sofa . Max sigh , annoyed . a nurse enter . nurse Doctor Chin be ready for you . int . dr . chin 's office - day Max and Annie sit across a desk from dr . johanna chin , 40' . dr . chin .-. I think we have determine why you have be have trouble conceive . annie oh , yeah ? Chin turn and look at Max . max what ? it 's I ? of course it 's I . dr . chin ( open a file ) I be not loving you semen . max oh ? dr . chin you count be excellent . but you motility be well below normal . max what would cause that ? dr . chin it can be genetic . Environmental factor . nine time out of ten it 's just stress . max I be not stress . dr . chin nothing at home or work ? max no . it 's all good . annie what about you brother ? max what about he ? annie ( to Dr. Chin ) his brother , brook , email a couple month ago that he 's come into town this week . Max have always have a inferiority complex with he . max that 's not true . and she do not need to hear this . she 's not a therapist . dr . chin no , but I be a doctor and I believe in treat the whole patient . annie he 's be on edge lately . dr . chin what be it about you brother that intimidate you , Max ? max really ? we be gonna do this right next to the room where I masturbate ? annie Max have it in he head that brook be more successful and better look and just generally cooler than he be . max I never say '' cooler . '' now you be project . annie ( to Dr. Chin ) he 's just naturally charismatic . dr . chin ( jot down some note ) very interesting . and be he single ? max yeah . why ? dr . chin I do not know if I mention it , but keith and I be on a trial separation . annie oh , I be sorry . dr . chin do not be . keith be emotionally abusive . ( then , to Max ) you think you brother would want to grab a cup of coffee with I ? max I -- I do not know . annie we can ask he . dr . chin now , be he a tall fella ? because I be only 5 '2 '' . max so we be do with my sperm , then ? Annie and Dr. Chin ignore he . annie he 's definitely taller than Max . but he once date this ballerina and she be a tiny little thing -- y'know , I be start to love this idea . dr . chin I too . be he google-able ? Max throw up he hand as they continue to talk about how great brook be . ext . max 's & annie 's house - evening Max and Annie pull into the driveway of a suburban home . Max grab some grocery from the trunk and they head toward the door . they spot they stiff neighbor , gary ( 40 , think Michael Shannon , wear a police uniform ) stand at he mailbox . on a leash be a small , white puffball of a dog . max ( sotto , to Annie ) shit . it 's Gary . do not mention game night . gary good evening , Max . Annie . annie hey , Gary . how 's it go ? gary well enough . just check the mail . some people check it earlier in the day but there 's always a risk that the mail carrier have not come yet . this spare I the chance of a futile trip to the mailbox . annie uh huh . gary plus , it allow bastian here the opportunity to urinate . max well , have a good one . gary ( pointedly , glance at grocery ) any plan for this evening ? perhaps a game night ? max ( uneasy ) oh , no . Annie and I be stay in . gary I see . I do hope you 's 1ll keep I in mind for any future game night . I always enjoy the camaraderie of good friend compete in game of chance and skill . annie yeah ... we should do that again . but tonight it 's just the two of we . gary Three bag of tostito '' scoops '' I notice . they have a special . Three for one . gary Three for one ? how can that be profitable for frito-lay ? they shrug . gary ( cont 'd ) well , you two enjoy each other . often we do not fully appreciate what we have until it 's go . awkward beat . max okay . they can not think of anything else to say so they head inside . int . kitchen - max and annie 's house - night Max and Annie enter . he peek outside from behind a curtain . annie now if he see the other we be screw . max well , I tell everyone to park far away and sneak in quietly . ( then , change course ) be we be dick ? should we just keep invite he ? it seem like he really want to play . annie no ! Debbie be we friend . Gary be just the creepy husband we have to put up with . and he 's only get worse since the divorce . he 's like the butler at a haunt house . max yeah , you be right . we do not actually owe he anything . he can always find people like himself to play with . y'know , other weirdo . just then , a kitchen window open and a very hot 20 - something girl , madison , crawl in . Max and Annie regard she . annie can we help you ? madison ( vocal fry ) I be okay . ryan , 30 's , hoist himself in after she . ryan hey . max why be you come in the window ? ryan you say to sneak in so robocop would not see we . max I mean sneak in the door but , okay ... could you get you boot off we cut board ? 10 . ryan well , you be super vague about how we should sneak in -- just then , another window slide open and kevin , 30 's African - american , start climb inside . annie Jesus . it 's like '' night of the live Dead '' in here . Kevin help he wife , michelle , 30' , African - american , climb in . michelle I be not dress for this nonsense . kevin yeah , you be ask a lot of we , Max . max I do not tell anyone to come in the window . ryan guy , this be madison . madison , this be Max and Annie . Kevin and Michelle . annie yeah , you bring she last week . ( to madison ) you work at forever 21 , right ? Ryan give Annie a '' what the fuck '' look . madison ( vocal fry ) I work at sephora . annie I be confuse . max ( sotto to Annie ) different girl . same look , same voice . annie oh. hi. Nice to meet you . madison you too . 11 . madison hold out a awkward limp hand , like a dead tish . Max and Annie try to figure out what to do with it . Annie shake it awkwardly . Max kiss it . madison ( cont 'd ) do you guy have a bathroom ? max yes we do . right down the hall . madison on the right or the leave . I do not want to go in the wrong room . annie it will be the one with the toilet . madison ' Kay . madison exit . michelle where have you meet she ? at a ted talk ? ryan do not judge I . brain and personality be not everything . kevin be not you sick of lose game night every week ' cause of the date you bring ? ryan they be not always bad . flashback to : -- Ryan play charade . he frantically mime a clue for he partner , hot date # 1 . we reveal she be not pay any attention to he . instead she 's on snapchat , take a selfie with the '' lick dog '' filter . on it she 's write '' game night . bore af . '' ryan ( cont 'd ) come on , Heather ! how many picture of you as a dog do you need ? the other look embarrassed . -- Ryan 's hot date # 2 put down a word in scrabble and clap happily . 12 . annie '' Dennis '' be not a word . hot date uh , yeah , it be . it 's my daddy 's name , so ... the group roll they eye . -- Ryan and a hot date # 3 play taboo . his card read '' seal team six . '' ryan okay , this be , like , the very best , the elite -- hot blonde date White people ? everyone whoaaaa ! back to scene . ryan unlike you psychos , I do not really give a shit about win at game night . I do not need that validation . michelle but you do need the validation of dating hot woman . ryan ( matter of fact ) oh yeah . ( then ) I be sorry I be not like you , Michelle . we do not all meet we soulmate when we be ten year old . Kevin smile and put a arm around Michelle . kevin fourteen . michelle we do not get marry till we be nineteen . ryan and this be back in Iran ? or westeros ? they kiss . 13 . kevin y’know what , Ryan ? I hope someday you find a girl who you love as much as I love my sweet baby here . Ryan grimace . max ( head to live room ) everybody have a drink ? what should we play first ? ryan y'know what rich people be do on they game night this day ? annie what ? ryan fight club . I just read about they . they pay poor people to fight each other and they bet on the winner . michelle that 's not a real thing . ryan yuh-huh . when you can have anything you want in the world , you have to raise the stake or life get boring . the kennedy use to have fight club at they hyannis Port compound . kevin you need to stop read buzzfeed every damn second of the day ' cause that 's just pure silliness . max so ... charade then ? annie do not you want to wait for brook ? kevin hold up . brook be in town ? madison return . michelle I think he be work in Europe . 14 . max he be . apparently , he 's back here for business . I have not see he yet . madison who be we talk about ? ryan Max 's brother . he 's this super - successful venture capitalist . kevin he be the first to invest in Panera bread . turned it into America 's lead fast casual dining chain . ryan he 's the Mark wahlberg to Max 's donnie . max y ’know what ? I be gonna take that as a compliment because donnie be fuck great in '' the Sixth sense . '' michelle be he in that ? max yeah , he be . and you know who be not ? Mark wahlberg . madison Mark would never take a role that small . max oh , he would not , madison ? thank you . kevin we have not see brook since you wedding . remember that speech he give ? michelle I have never see you cry that much . ryan we be all cry . what be that lovely poem he read ? annie '' ancient snapshot '' by Joyce Carol oate . 15 . ryan that 's right . and then he pay for that whole firework display . there 's a beat as the friend fondly remember how awesome brook be . finally , max so , you guy wanna play or ...? sfx : honk ! honk ! from outside the house , a loud car horn be accompany by the blaring sound of billy joel 's '' captain jack '' on the radio . Annie and Max hurry to the window . park in front of they house , we see a shiny bright red 1976 corvette stingray with brooks at the wheel . he spot they and give a friendly wave . annie you do not tell he to park up the street ?! max I do ! like three time ! ( then , to himself ) he get a stingray ? ext . max & annie 's house - night Max sneak out the front door and try to signal -- max ( whisper - yell ) turn off you car ! brooks what 's that ? but it 's too late . Gary step out he front door . Max wave at Gary awkwardly , catch . max hey again . ( under he breath ) still wear the uniform ... brook take a 12 - pack from he car and cross the street . brooks ( too loud ) hey , bud . sorry I be late . I hope you do not start game night without I . 16 . max ( nodd toward Gary ) shh ! do not you get my text ? brooks what text ? ( then , to Gary ) even , officer . ( then , softly ) what 's up with that guy ? max ( to Gary ) Gary , this be my brother . we be just do , like , a little three - man , family game night thing . brooks Three -man ? what about Kevin , Michelle and Ryan ? I think they be come . max no , no , no. ( to Gary ) just we , Gary . brooks ( point ) I can see they in you doorway . there 's a whole mess of people . reverse to see Kevin , Michelle , Annie , Ryan and madison all huddle in the doorway , hide from Gary . max huh ? oh , yeah . ( to Gary ) they be not stay , Gary . it be a mix - up with the ... look hurt , Gary go back in he house and shut the door . max ( cont 'd ) God damn it , brook . brooks what ? max we do not want he to know we be do game night . he use to come but we do not like he anymore . brooks well , now he know . bring it in . I have not see you in a year . 17 . brook grab he in a bear hug . brooks ( cont 'd ) you smell good . what be that , selsun Blue ? head and shoulder ? max why do you assume it 's dandruff shampoo ? brooks you have always be a bit of a snowstorm . now where 's that wife of yours ? he head inside . int . max & annie 's house - night everyone ad lib greeting as they exchange hug with brook . ryan sweet ride , brook . brooks oh yeah . I just get she a couple week ago . kevin be that a corvette ? max 1976 rally red stingray coupe . it be my dream car when I be a kid . brooks ( innocently ) yeah , that 's what give I the idea to get it . ( then ) I love you house . max be you be sarcastic ? brooks no. I mean it . it remind I of Mom and dad 's place . take I back to simpler time . max simpler ? annie ( chill out ) Max . ( more ) 18 . annie ( cont 'd ) ( then , to brook ) so , how long be you in town for ? brooks not sure . depend on how many client my firm want I to schmooze . but I be hope it 's for a while . I never get to see you guy . brook throw he arm around Max . brooks ( cont 'd ) I have miss you , man . Max look at he brother and can not help it , he smile -- max miss you too . int . live room - max & annie 's house - later they be about to play celebrity . madison say it one more time . ryan ( a little impatient ) okay . you take a piece of paper from the bowl and then you give clue to the group and they try and guess who you celebrity be . madison okay , get it . max twenty second . start ... now . he start a timer on he phone . madison pull out a name . madison I do not know who this be . max that 's okay . pick another one . madison ( she do ) I do not know who this be . annie try another one . Quick . 19 . madison ( she do ) oh. okay , this be the guy who -- no , wait . I do not know who this be . ryan maybe someone else should start . the other quickly agree . brook get up . brooks I will go . Max rub he palm on he pants . it 's on . Annie offer a bottle of wine to Max . annie do you want more -- max shh ! Ryan start the timer . ryan and ... go ! brook pull out a clue . brooks ( raspy sing ) '' the beautiful people ... '' michelle Marilyn Manson . brooks you get it . ( then , chuckle ) Quick story . brook pause the timer . max hey , you can not pause -- brooks remember that urban myth that Marilyn Manson have some of he rib remove so he could go down on himself ? kevin yeah ? 20 . brooks can I tell ‘em , Max ? max no ! you be in the middle of a -- brooks come on . you be 14 . it 's a adorable story . max I forbid it . annie now you have gotta tell we . max thanks , honey . ryan do you blow yourself ? brooks you know that bungee cord you use on roof rack ? Max wrap one behind he neck and under he leg to try and squish he face down to he crotch . michelle oh my god . brooks but he get stick like that . he can not unhook it . finally , after about a hour we mom come home and find he there . this naked pretzel boy on the floor of he bedroom . he 's have back problem ever since . the group be equal part shocked and crack up . Max be bett red . Annie rub he back , consol . annie aww , my little pretzel boy . ryan so? max so what ? ryan do you suck it ? 21 . max we be not talk about this anymore . kevin come on ! that 's like turn off '' Kramer vs. Kramer '' before you see who get the kid . michelle it 's really not . a deeply embarrassed Max grab the timer and start it again . max enough ! the timer 's go . brooks Fine . brook launch into a rapid - FIRE series of clue that be so spot - on , they be immediately guess . he 's amazing . brooks ( cont 'd ) poor man 's johnny depp star in '' jericho . '' annie skeet ulrich . brooks UN Secretary General from ' 92 to 196 . michelle boutros boutros - ghali . brooks do not like kid in '' jurassic Park . '' kevin Sam neill . brooks dubstep dj look like Corey feldman . annie skrillex . angle on madison . like Ryan 's earlier date , she 's on snapchat , take a selfie with the '' lick dog '' filter . brooks rapper be obsessed with this cubist painter . 22 . ryan Picasso . brooks Big cat shot by asshole dentist . kevin cecil the lion ! max time ! ryan whoa. Seven . that 's gonna be hard to beat . max not that hard . I x11 go next . brook sit as Max step up . Ryan start the timer . ryan gol ! we see Max 's first celebrity on the paper : ed norton max okay , easy . Annie , the actor we meet at the airport that time . annie who ? max the only famous actor we ever meet at the airport ! annie Bobby flay ? max ( increasingly flustered he 's not a actor . he be in line in front of we at sbarro ? we be try to figure out why he be not in the first class lounge . annie oh , yeah . who be that ...? max goddamn it ! brooks y'know , you have get a whole room of people here who can help out . 23. max Fine ! he be the incredible hulk . kevin Eric bana . max no ! the other one . michelle Mark ruffalo . max the other one ! ryan Lou ferrigno ? max shit ! '' primal fear . '' kevin Richard gere do not play the hulk . ryan time 's up . max Ed fuckin 's norton ! annie ohh. crap . sorry . Max do a bad job of cover how piss he be . ryan Zero point for Max . I have say he blow it , but he will not tell we . get it ? everyone but Max and Annie laugh . int . / ext . max and annie 's house - later Max and Annie walk they guest out . brooks hey , how about we do this next week at my house ? max House ? what house ? brooks since I do not know how long I ’11l be here , I rent a place . ( more ) 24 . brooks ( cont 'd ) it 's a couple mile away . up on broadmoor . ryan ooh , swanky neighborhood . brooks it 's a cool place . but it 's pretty empty with just I . it have be fun to have you guy over . max I do not know . it 's kind of a tradition to do game night here . annie so what ? could be fun . the other chime in with agreement . brooks perfect . michelle can we bring anything ? brooks no . I have get everything . ( beat ) actually , Max , you may want to bring you own bungee cord . they all crack up . max just gonna keep go back to that well , huh ? brooks I be sorry . I be do . ( then ) I promise you guy : this will be a game night to remember . he hug Max and get into he stingray . Max look on with a hint of envy , then shut the door and begin help Annie clean up . max jackass . annie he 's just try to get under you skin . 25 . max yeah , and he know exactly how to do it . he 's be do it my whole life . I do not see he for a year , then he pull up in my dream car , insult we house and tell a embarrassing story about I right before my turn . annie buying the same car do seem like a bit of a '' fuck you . '' but maybe it be he dream car too . max bullshit . he 's always know how to undermine I . you know I have never win a game against he ? annie well , you have get to stop let it bother you . it 's literally kill we baby . max what be I suppose to do ? annie I do not know . beat he ? Max consider this . it 's a damn good idea . CUT to black . chyron : '' one week later '' ext . max & annie 's house - dusk Max and Annie head out toward he car with some board game . annie you do not want to just uber there ? max I be not get drunk tonight . I be gonna be sharp and ready for -- gary ( 0.s. ) even . they both jump and turn to see Gary stand there in the dark , as always in he police uniform , hold he dog . max annie Jesus , Gary ! ahh !! 26 . they hide the board game . gary where you head ? max just go to my brother 's . gary another game night ? max no ! no game night . just dinner . gary I see . pity . I be go to invite you over for a dinner I be host . I have purchase four lamb shank . I be simmer they in a broth of red wine and rosemary . annie that sound yummy . max yeah , it 's too bad we have plan . gary it be Debbie 's recipe . I like to think she leave I she recipe card as a gesture of goodwill . but most likely it be a unintentional oversight . max uh huh . we should get go . gary have fun . freak out , Max and Annie head for the car . after a beat , gary ( cont 'd ) what ? annie we do not say anything . gary oh. okay . Gary stand there watch as they get into the car . ext . brooks 's house / int . car - night Max 's car pull up to a beautiful modern mansion . 27 . max aw , fuck I . annie guy who rent a house this big have to be cover up for something small . max no , I have see he dick . it 's pretty great . annie well , I try . int . brooks 's house - moment later brook open the door on Max and Annie . the place be all window and technology . it 's annoyingly tasteful and awesome . brook offer they glass of champagne . brooks hey , guy . max hey . Nice house , tony Stark . should we give we drink order to jarvis ? brooks ha ! I get the tony Stark part but then you go full nerd and I lose you . come on in . they follow he into a beautiful live room where Kevin , Michelle and Ryan be have a drink with jillian , a bright , cute girl who seem way more normal than Ryan 's usual date . Ryan proudly present jillian like a prize -- ryan oh , hello friend . allow I to introduce you to my date , jillian . jillian go to Yale University and be a software engineer at we office , so she 's smart as shit , okay ? Kevin and Michelle exchange a look . jillian okay , that be weird . ( to Max and Annie ) Nice to meet you guy . 28. annie ( they shake ) you too . Ryan flip Max and Annie off from behind jillian 's back . ryan so maybe you can not always judge a book by its past ... cover . max odd use of that phrase . ( to brook ) we do not know what game you have , so we bring a few of we favorite . brooks oh , cool . thanks , guy . brook take the game and throws they across the room . piece skitter across the stone floor . max what the hell ? brooks I tell you we be take it up a notch . the game we be play be so epic , it do not need a board or piece . max still , you do not need to throw they across the room . brooks I be be theatrical . ryan Holy shit . be we do a fight club ? brooks what ? ryan this super-rich guy pay poor people -- kevin no . enough with the fight club . it 's nonsense . annie so what be we play ? 29 . brooks ( dramatic ) in you drink I have place a powerful neurotoxin . you have eight hour to find the antidote hide somewhere in the city . they all exchange look of disbelief . brooks ( cont 'd ) I be just fuck with you . but this be not a joke : in the next hour , someone in this room will be take . it will be up to you to find that person before they be murder . kevin ( excited ) be this a murder mystery party ?! brooks not just any murder mystery party . I find this company that do it super- real with legit actor . you will not know what 's real and what 's fake . cost I a shit-ton . michelle fun ! brooks but wait . there 's more . whoever find the victim win the grand prize : the key to the stingray . ryan just the key ? brooks no , Ryan . the whole car . kevin Holy shit ! ryan yes ! ( to jillian ) you be so lucky I bring you to this game night and not one of Max and Annie 's . annie hey. 30 . ryan no , I just mean because this be better . max come on , brook . you be not actually gonna give away you car . brooks I need a write -off . plus , my audi be more practical . michelle this be the best night ever . jillian so what do we do now ? brooks now we wait . maybe play a little drink game to pass the time . max we do not play drink game . brooks tonight we do . kevin how about '' never have I ever '' ? ryan good one . max ( sotto , to Annie ) be this all just to one - up we ? annie maybe he 's try to show we a good time . max no , that 's not it . Annie roll she eye . Max head off to the bathroom . ext . brooks 's house - night a menace black van quietly pull up and park outside . int . black van - night two man sit inside -- a scary - look , squat bald guy ( 40s ) and a wiry creepy guy with a ponytail ( 40s ) . 31 . ponytail this the place ? the bald guy pull out a scrap of paper with a address scribble on it -- 1765 broadmoor Avenue . bald guy this be it . ponytail dial he cell phone . ponytail ( into phone ) we be at the house . look like they be all inside . bald guy take out a photo of brook . then ponytail hand he a very real - looking gun . int . hallway - night Max exit the bathroom and hear a clatter noise from the kitchen . curious , he slowly make he way down the hall ... just as he turn the corner he find himself inches away from the blade of a large knife ! max Fucking shit ! terrify , Max scramble back against the wall . reveal it 's brook hold the knife . Max exhales . brooks ( laugh ) what the hell 's wrong with you ? ( be : the knife ) it 's for the cheese . max you sure you do not need a bigger one ? be we cut a whole wheel of gouda ? int . live room - brooks 's house - night Max and brook return . everyone play the drink game . jillian never have I ever connect my work computer to a projector in the conference room while it be open to a webmd page on chlamydia symptom . 32 . ryan dude ! not cool . everyone laugh . jillian ( grin ) drink . he drink . ryan for the record . I do not have chlamydia . it be a pubic dermatitis . kevin nasty . annie ( quietly , to Ryan ) I like she .... ( then , to jillian ) I like you . ryan you be not suppose to target people with this game . it 's suppose to be generic thing , like ... never have I ever sleep with a celebrity . the other nod . without think , Michelle take a sip of she drink . halfway through the sip , she realize Kevin be stare at she in surprise . she set down she glass . michelle what ? kevin you have sleep with a celebrity ? michelle hmm ? no , no . I be just take a drink separate from the game . kevin why be you all nervous then ? michelle ( nervous ) I be not nervous . who 's turn be it ? annie I think it 's Max 's turn . it 's somebody 's turn . somebody should go now . 33 . jillian ( to Ryan ) what 's go on here ? ryan ( sotto ) they have be together since middle school . jillian uh oh. kevin how could you possibly have have sex with a celebrity when we have only have sex with each other ? michelle you be make this into something it 's not . Max turn to brook . max this be why we do not play drink game . sfx : bang ! bang ! bang ! everyone jump at the sound of bang . they all look at the front door except for Kevin who stare at Michelle . male voice ( 0.s. ) open up ! brooks look like the game be afoot . he cross to the door and open it on a impose , extremely serious 40 - something man in a dark suit and sunglass . man be you brook Davis ? brooks ( mock serious ) I be . man I be agent Henderson . FBI . please sit down . brook join the other as the man enter . ryan sunglass at night . this guy 's the real deal . 34 . agent henderson I will get right to the point . the Bureau have be tracking a ring of violent kidnapper in this neighborhood . we have reason to believe that one of you may be they next victim . max Quick question , agent Henderson ? why be this a federal investigation ? seem more like a local police matter . Annie swat Max : '' play along . '' agent Henderson glare at Max but say nothing . he hand each of they a folder . agent henderson contain in this dossier be the clue you will need to find the kidnapper . max we have to find they ? what 's the Bureau 's role in this ? kevin maybe the FBI can take my wife in for question . ' Cause apparently , she 's get a whole secret life I do not know anything about . michelle honey -- agent henderson ( bark ) shut up ! all of you ! this be not a joke ! he get up in Max 's face . agent henderson ( cont 'd ) ( intense ) you people be in serious danger and we be run out of time here ! I will not stand idly by and see more civilian slaughter on my watch ! Max glance over at brook and give he a grudgingly impressed look . brooks he 's pretty good , huh ? 35 . agent henderson now , before we get start I be require to ask if anyone here have any food allergy -- boom !!! the front door be kicked OPEN , splintering off its hinge . bald guy and ponytail walk in wear ski mask . agent henderson ( cont 'd ) who the hell be you ? ponytail cold cock the '' FBI agent . '' he go down hard . brooks guy ! I know you be '' method '' and all but you can not just break my door -- bald guy walk up to brook and punch he in the gut . brook double over . max okay , I actually do not mind this game . brook shove the guy away . brooks be you crazy ?! ponytail grab brook in a headlock from behind . brook back up , slamm ponytail into the wall . jillian wow . this be kind of intense ... the fight continue . it 's sloppy and surprisingly violent as brook do a decent job of defend himself . angle on the rest of the group sit on the sofa calmly eat chip and drink cocktail like they be watch a movie . annie ( to Max ) this be very well do . max hm. ski mask be a little on the nose . ponytail be shove onto the coffee table in front of they . Ryan pluck the champagne bottle out of he way in the nick of time . brook manage to get loose from the bald guy . he reach down to he ankle and pull out a SMALL handgun . 36 . ryan ( playful ) watch out . he 's packin’ heat ! brook aim the gun at bald guy but it 's knock out of he hand by ponytail . the gun skitter across the room and come to a stop at Annie 's foot . she look down at it . the fight spill out of the live room and into the kitchen . int . kitchen - brooks 's house - continuous brook face off against the two attacker , wield pot , utensil and whatever he can grab as a weapon . it 's like a bourne movie except this guy be not nearly as coordinate . int . live room - brooks 's house the group be as we leave they . we can hear the sound of break glass , clatter pan and pain grunt come from the kitchen . after a beat , Max slice a sliver of cheese . max this be good . annie try it with the prosciutto . jillian be we sure this be all part of the thing ? ryan oh , yeah . brook always go all - out . ( to the group ) remember that firework display he get for they wedding --? max ( abruptly ) yeah , Ryan . we talk about that . suddenly , brook fly into the room , landing on he back . there 's break glass in he hair and he 's get a bloody nose . michelle ooh , they put some makeup on he . brooks help I ! please ! this be not -- bald guy pin brook down and slap tape over he mouth . 37 . max ( slow clap ) very impressive . and the independent Spirit Award go to ... brook try to buck bald guy off of he . ponytail take he gun out of he belt and point it at brook . ponytail stop fight , asshole ! bald guy pull out a bag and put it over brook 's head . he and ponytail drag the struggle brook out of the house . bald guy stop at the door and point he gun at the gang -- bald guy first one that follow we out , I shoot in the face . max m'kay , drive safe . the man hustle brook out . there 's a beat as the group continue to sip they drink . kevin there 's something about this that do not make sense . ( to Michelle ) what do I do that make you want to cheat on I with a celebrity ?! michelle I do not cheat on you . it be before we get marry . when we take that break . kevin oh my god . my world be collapse . as Kevin and Michelle bicker , Ryan cross to the supine '' FBI agent '' and nudge he with he foot . ryan agent Henderson ? you gonna keep lie there ? he do not move . ryan ( cont 'd ) ( to jillian ) he 's a regular Daniel Day Lewis . meanwhile , Max discreetly grab one of the dossier and he and Annie scurry off to another room . jillian notice . she hold up another dossier to Ryan . they hurry off as well . 38 . kevin ( to Michelle ) ... we both agree we would not hook up with anyone during that break . michelle yeah , but then you go and get a handjob from Karen waller . kevin it be over the pants ! and I feel guilty the whole time . but I guess I should not have . michelle you be make this into something -- ( then notice ) oh hell . they get the jump on we . kevin grab dossier ) come on ! but this be not over . they hurry out . in quick cut : -- in the kitchen , Max and Annie go over the dossier : max here 's the first clue . it look like a riddle . ( read ) with shiny fang ... -- in a bedroom , Ryan and jillian read the rule : jillian ( read ) ..- my bloodless bite ... -- in a hallway , Michelle read : michelle .+-ewill bring together what 's mostly white . kevin Donald trump ! michelle I do not think that 's it . kevin how do you know ? do you fuck he ? --in the kitchen -- 39 . annie '' bloodless bite '' ? so it 's not a vampire . let I Google this . she take out she phone . max this be so inconsistent . they choreograph a super-realistic fight and then they give we a FBI dossier with riddle in it ? pick a tone and stick with it . annie do you want that car or not ? max more than anything ever . but I feel like brook be set I up here . this be just another game where somehow he 's gonna humiliate I . ( then ) I say we find a shortcut . annie how do we do that ? Max notice she phone . max his phone ! it be in he pocket when they grab he . annie you want to call he ? max I want to track he . he point to brook 's iPad lie on the kitchen counter . they give each other a excited look . int . bedroom - brooks 's house - night Ryan and jillian be study the dossier . ryan '' bloodless bite ... bloodless bite ... bloodless bite ... '' jillian maybe stop say '' bloodless bite '' so I can think ? 40 . they hear a car door slam out the window . they glance out to see Max and Annie get in they car and back out of the driveway . she spot she find ryan shit . they must have already figure it out . we have gotta up we game . there 's nothing more dangerous than Max when he 's get something to prove . ( then ) '' bloodless bite ... bloodless bite ... '' jillian stop that ! ( then ) we need to find a advantage . a wallet on the bedside table and pick it up . ryan brook 's wallet ? you think we should just steal all he shit ? jillian no . brook 's credit card and dial a number on she cell . jillian ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) yes , hi . I lose my credit card and I be wonder if you can tell I the last few charge I make ? ryan what be you do ? jillian ( cover phone ) if we can find the name of the murder mystery company he use we can go to they office and pay they off to give we the final clue . ryan whoa . you be a double threat : brain and sneakiness . jillian ( not exactly flatter ) thanks . 4l. int . hallway - night Kevin and Michelle be still puzzle over the clue . kevin what have shiny fang that bite white thing together ? michelle ( get it ) a stapler ! the white thing be paper ! kevin yes ! I would kiss you but I do not know where that lip have be . she roll she eye . michelle look around for a stapler . they move down the hall and enter int . brooks 's study - continuous a windowless room with a skylight in the ceiling . lot of bound book , a desk , etc . kevin found one ! he grab a stapler off the desk and open it . Inside be a flashdrive . michelle here . put it in the desktop . Kevin plug it into the computer and a text box open . kevin another riddle . michelle ( read ) '' I be brown and old by day , white and young by night , my eye be glass , I have nine face but no head . I sing to the sky but I have no voice . I be everywhere and nowhere - - '' kevin what the fuck be that ?! 42. int . max 's car - night Annie drive while Max use find my iphone on brook 's iPad -- annie be they still on Route 18 ? max yup . we be catch up . annie can you imagine brook 's face when we find he so fast ? max it 's gonna be so good . y ’‘know , I think I can actually feel my sperm come back to life . annie perfect . we will win you brother 's car and then go make a baby in it . max yeah ! and we will make he watch we ! annie what ? I do not want to do that . max I do not either . I do not know why I say that . int . brooks 's house - bedroom - night jillian finish she call . jillian ( into phone ) great . thank you . ( hang up ) let 's go . I get the game company 's name and address . ryan yes ! you rock . he go to hug she . expecting a high - five , she put up a hand . it 's awkward . he end up hugging she hand . int . hallway - continuous Ryan and jillian head toward the live room . they pass the study where Michelle and Kevin be . Ryan stop . 43 . ryan hey , guy , just want to wish you the best of luck tonight . Kevin and Michelle look at he quizzically as he shut the door to the study and prop a chair under the handle . jillian what be you do ? ryan oh , be a dick . he head out . she follow . int . brooks 's study - continuous Kevin try the door but it will not budge . kevin that son of a bitch . ( call through door ) you son of a bitch ! he throw he shoulder against the door . nothing . he spot some candle on a shelf . kevin ( cont 'd ) Hand I that match . I be gonna burn down this door . michelle you be gonna light a fire ina windowless room that we be trap in ? kevin _ ( pouty ) Fine . do not hand I the match . michelle ( look up ) what about that ? he look up to see a skylight twelve foot overhead . his eye narrow . int . max 's car - night close on a iPad screen . the blip of brook 's phone stop move , then disappear . max hold on . brook 's phone just disappear . 44 , annie crap . where do you last see it ? max corner of 5th and kenmore . ext . parking lot - minute later they pull into a desert lot in a sketchy neighborhood . they get out of the car and look around . annie where could he be ? Max notice a dumpster that sit behind a unmark building . he cross to it and glance in . Inside he spot a cell phone . he retrieve it . max found it . it 's turn off . annie he must have know we be tracking he . max damn it . they outsmart we . ( notice ) hang on ... he point across the street to where ponytail be finish a cigarette outside of a dive bar . he head back inside . annie be not that one of the actor ? max yeah . I guess they be not that smart . they high - five each other . annie we be nail this ! come on ! they head across the street , instinctively stay low . max why be we crouching ? annie I do not know . feel right ? 45 . int . dive bar - night Max and Annie enter , try to look casual . there 's a burly bartender , a half - asleep drunk guy , and in a corner booth , face away from they be ponytail . max ( sotto , be : ponytail ) there he be . do not let he see you . they take a seat at the bar . Max signal to the tattooe bartender . max ( cont 'd ) Sir ? you would not happen to have see a guy bring in here . look a bit like I with a stronger chin , higher cheekbone . bartender so , a better look guy ? max okay , well , that 's not necessarily -- Annie give the bartender a look to say '' kind of , yes . '' bartender I do not see nothing . he move off . Max 's eye narrow . max '' do not see nothing '' ? that double - negative feel a bit force , huh ? annie I bet he 's in on it . look at how fresh he tat be . probably fake . max let 's test he . we will order drink only a real bartender would know how to make . annie smart. ( call ) barkeep ? bartender yeah ? annie can I have a vodka tonic , please ? 46 . max really ? annie I choke . max ( to bartender ) I will take a harvey wallbanger . the bartender look at he , annoyed . then go to make the drink . annie this be kinda fun , be not it ? max yeah . it be nice to get out of the house . y’know , we will not be able to do this kind of thing when we have a kid . annie why not ? max ' Cause when you have a kid , you stop live for you and you start live for they . that 's why brook have get it make . annie so , what be you say ? Max just shrug as the bartender set down they drink . bartender vodka tonic . harvey wallbanger . Max take a sip . annie do he get it right ? max I do not know . I realize I have never actually have one . but it 's tasty . tart . suddenly , Max react as bald guy exit a back room , lock it , then toss the key to the bartender . behind he , we catch a brief glimpse of a man tie to a chair . it 's brook . max ( cont 'd ) Holy shit . brook be back there . we be about to win this thing ! 47 . bald guy have cross over to ponytail . he have notice Max and Annie and he 's point they out to ponytail . annie uh oh . they make we . max you think they be gonna try and stop we ? annie we already know they take they role pretty seriously . but the good news be , so do I . she reach into she purse and pull out the gun brooks dropped earlier . max what the -- where do you get that ?! annie it 's the fake gun brook '' drop '' in the fight . max how do you know it 's fake ? annie you think you brother would use a real gun in a fake fight with actor he hire ? max good point . so , what be we gonna do ? annie follow my lead . she get to she foot and point the gun at the man . annie ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) any of you fuck prick move , and I will execute every motherfuckin ' last one of you ! max '' pulp fiction . '' Nice . ponytail what the fuck be this ? max Hand over the key . we be take my brother . 48 . bald guy bullshit . caught up in she role , Annie get closer to bald guy and aim she gun right at he . annie you know what 's bullshit ? you bald fuck head . max get a little personal , hon . annie ( '' angrily '' to bald guy ) I be sorry I call you bald ! it work on you because you have a very symmetrical face ! ( then ) okay , all of you . on you knee . eye shut . hand in the air . head on the floor . the thug try to comply but can not remember everything . they all assume different position . annie ( cont 'd ) I say hand in the air . ponytail where 's my head go ? annie on the floor ! and close you eye . bartender how do I put my hand in the air with my head on the floor ? max I have the same question . annie okay , child 's pose . you guy know child 's pose ? they give she blank look . she hand the gun to Max . annie ( cont 'd ) cover I . ( then , to the man ) it 's like this ... she get on the floor and demonstrate the position . the man follow suit . 49 , annie ( cont 'd ) if you be do it right , you will feel you lumbar really open up . bald guy give Max a look of disbelief . Max just shrug . ext . strip mall - night Ryan and jillian step out of he car and head toward a small storefront -- the party plan company , '' murder we wrote . '' ryan there it be ! jillian look like they be still open . ryan I be so glad I invite you tonight . I usually bring this girl I want to sleep with and they always suck . you be a breath of fresh air . jillian ( annoyed ) oh , nice . I usually go out with guy who be interesting and smart . so this be a first for I too . ryan be we cool ? do I say something wrong ? jillian no . I guess I do not realize when you invite I tonight that it be just because you need a ringer . ryan ohh . you think this be a date . jillian it 's fine . the more I get to know you , the happier I be that it 's not . ryan ( oblivious ) so we be cool ? jillian as a cucumber . let 's just win that car and get this night over with . ryan that 's the spirit ! 50 . he jog toward the entrance . she shake she head . int . '' murder we wrote '' office - night Ryan and jillian enter a small reception area . behind a desk a woman sit face away from we in a swivel chair . jillian hello ? no answer . she and Ryan exchange a look . Ryan slowly reach out and swivel the chair around revealing ... a dead woman with a fresh bullet hole in her forehead . her eye be close . blood trickle from the wound and the corner of she mouth . ryan / jillian Holy shit ! / ahhh ! startle by the noise , the dead woman suddenly open her eye . receptionist oh my gosh ! you scared I . ryan what the fuck be this ?! receptionist what ? ( remember , touch she forehead ) oh . I just come from a six hour murder mystery where I play the corpse . I guess I fall asleep before I clean up . jillian you scared the shit out of we . receptionist oh , thank you . I do my own makeup . how can I help you ? a bit of blood dribble from she mouth . ryan we need you to give we the final clue for the murder mystery brook Davis order . receptionist but that would ruin the fun . 51 . jillian we do not want the fun . we just want to win . receptionist I can not do that . ryan ( sly ) . would this change you mind ? he slide a bill across the desk . it 's a ten dollar bill . receptionist no . ryan what about this ? he slide another bill across . it 's a five . she look at he unimpress . ryan ( cont 'd ) you drive a hard bargain . okay , let 's take it up a notch . he slide another bill . it 's a one . the receptionist look at jillian . jillian shake she head : '' do not look at I . '' ryan ( cont 'd ) I be hope I be not go to have to dig this deep . he go back into he wallet . consider for a beat , then reluctantly slide another bill over . it 's another one dollar bill . jillian okay , y’k now what ? it do not matter how slowly you push it over . it 's still seventeen dollar . ( to receptionist ) how much do you need ? receptionist a hundred ? jillian give she a hundred . ryan Fine . he slowly slide all the bill back toward himself , then slide a hundred dollar bill toward the woman . she reach into a drawer and hand a fold clue across the desk to they . 52 . ryan ( cont 'd ) ( to jillian ) and that 's how we do . int . brooks 's study - night Michelle watch nervously as Kevin finish building a tower of furniture , book and office equipment up to the skylight . kevin just tell I who it be . michelle it 's irrelevant . kevin not to I . if I have to imagine you lie underneath some famous figure , it make a very big difference if I be imagine John goodman or Jeremy renner . michelle it be not either of they . kevin will you tell I if I guess it right ? michelle Fine . kevin be it a actor ? michelle yes . Kevin start to carefully climb up he pile . michelle ( cont 'd ) this be a bad idea . kevin over 40 ? michelle yes . be careful . kevin american ? michelle yes . kevin Tommy Lee Jones ? michelle ew. no. kevin be it denzel ? tell I it be not denzel . michelle it be not . unfortunately . 53 . Kevin have reach the ceiling . he unlatch the skylight and push it open . he take a breath of outside air . kevin ahhh ! sweet freedom . dipshit think he could keep we lock up but we find a way out . the tower suddenly tip over . Kevin scream as across the room . he slam into the locked door impact smashes it open . michelle be you okay ?! Kevin painfully get to he foot . kevin what the fuck just happen ? ( realize ) hey , we be out . come on ! Michelle follow he out . int . brooks 's live room - night he fall and the Kevin and Michelle enter to find '' agent Henderson '' sit on the floor touch a cut on he head . agent henderson ( woozy ) where be I ? stay back ! kevin all right , take it easy , bud . agent henderson oh , my head . michelle either give we a clue or get outta the way . ' Cause we have get a mystery to solve . 54 . agent henderson ( intense ) do not you get it ? that be not suppose to happen ! crash ! once again the front door be kick open and two men enter wear creepy clown mask . Michelle and Kevin jump . michelle what now ? you already do the break in thing . kevin this be some lazy write . clown # 1 shut up ! get on the floor , all of you ! the clown notice agent Henderson 's injury . clown # 2 whoa. ron . be you okay ? the clown pull off they mask revealing the face of two actor . agent henderson / ron no , I be not okay ! two guy come in here and attack I ! clown # 1 you mean for real ? agent henderson / ron yes ! they be not part of we cast . clown # 2 oh my god . agent henderson / ron I know I should not have leave dinner theater for this bullshit . kevin ( to Michelle ) now it 's get meta . clown # 1 ( dial cell phone ) I be call glenda . clown # 2 I ’1ll go make you a cold compress , ron. 55 . agent henderson / ron I think I may have a concussion . clown # 1 ( rub he back ) aw , pal . michelle wait . be this all part of the act ? agent henderson / ron what ?! no. do not you see ? I be assault ! intercut with : int . '' murder we wrote '' office - continuous jillian and Ryan puzzle over the clue . ryan ( read ) '' look in you jacket pocket '' ? what kind of clue be this ? I do not even have a jacket . jillian maybe it mean a book jacket ? ryan why would a book have a jacket ? the phone on the receptionist 's ( glenda ) desk ring . she answer . receptionist / glenda murder we wrote . clown # 1 glenda ! it 's Paul . something terrible have happen . receptionist /glenda oh dear . what ? clown # 1 Nathan and I show up for the takeaway and ron have be attack . receptionist /glenda oh no ! at the brook Davis house ? jillian and Ryan look up . ryan huh ? 56 . glenda put the call on speaker . receptionist /glenda be everyone okay ? ron ( yell at the phone ) no , I be not okay glenda ! I have get a throbbing headache ! and they take the host ! receptionist /glenda who take he ? agent henderson / ron kidnapper ! Real one ! dangerous fuck criminal ! off Kevin and Michelle 's and Ryan and jillian 's look of shock , we return to int . dive bar - night music cue : '' take on I '' by a-ha the upbeat music blare from a jukebox as Max frisk the man . Annie dance to the music , twirling the gun on she finger . she drop it and it land inch from ponytail . Annie quickly snatch it back . annie I see you eyeing that , ponytail . not on my watch . Max finish collect the weapon from the man and stick they in a bag . he find key on the bartender . max bingo. ( to Annie ) come on , babe . he move to the backroom door and unlock it . annie okay , any of you dickwall move a muscle I 'il shoot off you tit . you get I ? the man grumble . Annie 's phone ring . she check it . it 's Michelle . she hit '' ignore . '' Max and Annie enter the backroom and shut the door . 57 . int . backroom - continuous they quickly lock the door behind they and turn to brook , who be tie to a chair and gag with tape . his eye go wide when he see they . max oh , look at that face . that be priceless . annie you do not expect we this early , do you ? brook frantically grunt and try to scream through he gag . max I have gotta capture this moment . he take out he phone , pose beside brook with Annie on the other side and snap a selfie of the three of they . just then , the phone ring . it 's Ryan . he show Annie . max ( cont 'd ) probably begging for help . he hit '' ignore . '' max ( cont 'd ) I feel like maybe we should call that company and complain because this be not much of a mystery . brook moan wildly , practically jumping out of he chair try to communicate . annie all right , all right ... she yank off brook 's gag . brooks ( as soon as the gag 's off ) this isn ’t a game ! bang ! someone begin kick the door from the other side . max why , because we kick you ass ? brooks Max , that be not the guy I hire ! 58 . max oh I get it . now you be try to change the rule on we ? bang ! the door shake . brooks listen to I . I be not a venture capitalist . I be a smuggler ! max a smuggler ? what the hell be you talk about ? brooks ( scared ) I fuck up . I sell the bulgarian 's egg to a different guy and now I have to get it back or he 's gonna kill I . max ooh , the bulgarian 's egg . do you trade it for the maltese falcon ? annie wait . this be not the end ? max you say whoever find you get the car . game over . brooks I be tell you . this be not a game ! it 's all real ! smash ! the door start to splinter . max uh huh . that shitty actor be real ? that fight be real ? annie this gun be real ? she point the gun at the ceiling ... brooks Annie , stop ! annie oh no . bang bang -- she pull the trigger . bang ! a real bullet shatter the hang florescent light above they . 59 . startle , Annie drop the gun . it hit the tloor and fire again . bang ! max ow ! Max look down at he arm . it look okay ... until a red circle of blood appear through he shirt . Annie just shot he . a stunne beat , then -- annie max ( cont 'd ) aaaahhhhh ! ! what in the fuck !! annie oh my GOD I shot you !! max you fucking shot I !!! brooks I tell you ! untie I ! Quick ! Annie unty brook , she hand shaking as bald guy and ponytail burst into the room . they spot the bag with they weapon and go for it as Max , brook and Annie run to the rear emergency exit door . ponytail and bald guy retrieve they gun and FIRE in they direction . brooks ( cont ’d ) go! ext . dive bar - night Annie , Max and brook sprint across the street to they car , still scream . max you shot I ! annie I know ! I feel terrible ! Annie run over to the driver 's side and unlock it , get behind the wheel . brook jump in the backseat as Annie peel out with Max in the passenger seat . bald guy and ponytail race to they van , fire wild shot at the car as they go . annie ( cont 'd ) stop !! ( another gunshot ) stop do that ! 60 . they barrel around a corner . int . max 's car - night Annie drive like a madwoman while Max clutches he arm -- annie it 's all real ! how do it all get real ?! max you shot I ! I be bleed out of my arm . I be gonna die tonight . brook reach from the backseat and wrap a gym towel around Max 's forearm . brooks here . hold this on there . the van close in on they car . max what the fuck be go on , brook ? talk ! annie they be right behind we ! brooks I have be lie to you and the rest of the family about what I do . I buy and sell thing that be not strictly legal for people who be not strictly ... good . max so you be a criminal ? brooks yes . and I make a mistake . there 's this guy . they call he the bulgarian . he have he finger in all this pie around the world . max what kind of pie ? brooks bad pie , Max . pies that have heroin in they and gun and sex slave . he ask I to find this fabergé egg for he . and I find it . ( more ) 61 . brooks ( cont 'd ) but then I hear about this other guy , marlon Freeman , who be willing to pay twice as much for the same egg . max ( be : the van ) so this guy work for the bulgarian ? and they just happen to crash you murder mystery party ? brooks I know . what be they odd ? ( then ) I never should have get into business with that guy . I be too small - time for this shit ! the van have catch up and suddenly swerve into the side of they car . they fishtail , nearly run onto the sidewalk before Annie regains control and speed away . annie we need to go to the cop ! brooks we can not ! he 's get cop on he payroll . i’11 be dead before I even get to jail . max then why do not you go to this marlon Freeman and buy the egg back from he ? brooks I could not find he if I want . that name be a alias . annie what do we do ?! this guy be not stop ! brooks they will not stop till they get I . ( make a decision ) I be sorry I drag you into all this . I be sorry for a lot of thing . he open he car door . max what be you do ?! brooks I love you , maxie . 62 . and with that , brook roll out of the move car . he land hard on the street as the van screech to a stop a few foot away from he . max no ! stop the car ! Annie brake a couple hundred foot from the van . they look back to see ponytail and bald guy grab brook and haul he toward the van . bald guy raise he gun and fire a couple shot in they direction . Annie step on the gas and tear away . annie shit ! shit ! shit ! max what be we gonna do ? they be gonna kill my brother . ( then ) I feel faint . I be gonna pass out . annie we have gotta get you to a hospital . max no ! it 's a gunshot wound . they 's 1ll call the police . annie so , let 's go to a mob doctor ! max do you know a mob doctor ? annie of course not ! max then why do you say a mob doctor ? annie because I be lose my shit here ! max you be go to have to do it . annie what ? max you be gonna have to take the bullet out . annie I do not want to . 63 . max I do not want you to either , hon . I have see you try to cut a chicken . but we do not have a lot of option . off she look of nauseate horror , ext . 7- 11 parking lot - night Annie exit the convenience story with a bag of stuff . her phone ring . it 's Michelle . annie ( into phone ) hey . intercut with : int . brooks 's kitchen - same time Michelle and Kevin share she phone . Ryan and jillian stand nearby . michelle thank god . listen , honey , it 's all real -- annie we know . brook be catch up in something . where be you right now ? michelle we be all at brook 's wait to talk to the cop . through a doorway , we see two police officer take a statement from agent Henderson . a emt tend to he head . annie do not talk to the cop ! kevin why ? what 's go on ? be you guy okay ? annie we be fine . I shot Max but he 's fine . michelle what ?! 64 . annie we will meet you back at we house . just do not tell the cop anything . brook 's life depend on it . Annie hang up . Michelle digest this , then michelle ( quietly to the other ) come on . we have gotta get out of here . ryan ( full volume ) where be we go ? she shove he toward the kitchen door . the other follow . ryan ( cont 'd ) ( loudly ) I think we be gonna talk to the cop . jillian roll she eye as she usher Ryan out . ext . 7 - 11 - night Annie walk around to the rear of the store to find Max sit on the hood of the car , cradling he arm . annie I get a bunch of stuff . she begin lay out item on the hood . annie ( cont 'd ) tweezers , pocket knife , gauze , sewing kit . Max pick up a bottle of white wine . annie ( cont 'd ) they do not have rub alcohol and they do not sell hard liquor so I get this chardonnay . Max twist off the top and take a slug , then notice a magazine in the bag . max country live magazine ? what 's that for ? annie it 's for later . ( more ) 65 . annie ( cont 'd ) they have a butternut squash soup recipe that look great . ( then ) now put this in you mouth . she hand he a dog 's squeaky chew toy in the shape of a hamburger . Max sigh and bite down on the toy . squeak ! Annie roll up he sleeve and recoil at the bloody mess . annie ( cont 'd ) oh god ! she take out she phone , type something and set it on the hood . max ( mouth full ) what 's that ? annie instruction on how to remove a bullet . it 's a alt-right militia website so I be just gonna ignore the racist stuff ... '' step one : sterile glove . '' she slip on a pair of rubber dishwash glove . annie ( cont 'd ) check . '' step two : clean wound with antiseptic . '' she pour the wine over Max 's arm . squeak ! annie ( cont 'd ) sorry . '' Three : administer anesthetic . '' gonna skip that ... '' four : apply pressure above the wound . '' here . squeeze there . she take he other hand and Max squeeze he injure arm . annie ( cont 'd ) '' make small incision on each side of wound . '' oh jeez . here we go . she open the pocket knife , pour some wine on it and cut into he arm . squeeeeeaak ! she continue to cut . Max spit out the dog toy . max nope ! too big ! you be cut too big ! it 's a bullet , not a golf ball . 66 . annie well , I do not know ! max so much blood . he dry heave a little . annie do not you do that ! you be gonna make I -- dawwwwwww ! she dry heave . Max dry heave . they manage to collect themselves . annie ( cont 'd ) that be close . okay , next step ... shit ! max what ? annie my phone go to sleep . hang on . she take off she glove and re-enter she passcode . max just set it so it stay on . annie my phone do not do that . max we have the same phone ! it do that . annie it 's fine . 1I '' 11 just touch the screen with my nose every 30 second . max why be you so afraid of you phone ? just go to '' setting , '' then '' display '' then adjust the time before it revert to sleep mode . annie '' revert '' ? what be you , Steve Jobs ? max it 's the easiest fuck thing ! annie enough ! I know what I be do ! 67 . she touch she nose to the screen . Max roll he eye . she read the next step . annie ( cont 'd ) okay , this be go to hurt . where 's you squeaky hamburger ? she find it and shove it in he mouth . she take the tweezers and begin digging around in the bullet hole . Max writhes in pain . annie ( cont 'd ) I feel something hard . I think I find the bullet ... she tap something with the tip of she tweezers . we hear a clinking sound . Max inhale painfully . annie ( cont 'd ) it 's really wedge in there . why will not it come out ? oh wait . that 's bone . I be sorry . sweat and tear pour down Max 's face . annie ( cont 'd ) I can not find it . let I see what the racist say if you can not find the bullet ... she touch she nose to the phone again , then suddenly notice something on Max 's arm . annie ( cont 'd ) hang on . what 's this ? do you get shot twice ?! she show he a hole on the other side of he arm . Max spit out the chew toy again . max God damn it , Annie . that 's a exit wound . annie ohhh . well , that 's good news , right ? Max look like he 's go to faint . Annie inspect the wound . annie ( cont 'd ) ( disgust ) this one 's even uglier than the entry wound . whaauuugggh ! she dry heave . 68. max stop that -- bwahhhhh ! he dry heave . they both dry heave together . int . max and annie 's house - night Max and Annie bring Ryan , jillian , Kevin and Michelle up to speed . max ...now the bulgarian 's guy have brook and the only way to save he be to get that egg back from this marlon Freeman guy . ryan man . I can not believe you brother have be lie to we this whole time . ( beat ) he 's even cooler than we think ! michelle I do not even know Morgan Freeman collect fabergé egg . be not that worth million of dollar ? max marlon Freeman . but that 's just a alias . somehow we need to find he real name and address . ryan Police computer . max what ? ryan I once date this girl who 's dad be a cop . she have this big , thick leg but not a trace of flab . solid muscle . she look like the mom in '' the incredible . '' y‘know ? tiny little waist but then it V 's out - — jillian why be you tell we this ?! ryan oh. sorry . she show I she dad 's police computer one time . ( more ) 69 . ryan ( cont 'd ) it 's get this database with every know alias . I bet you could find marlon wayan 's real name on that . annie if you call she do you think she have let you use she dad 's computer again ? ryan oh , no . no way . it end very badly . jillian I be shocked . michelle well , how be we gonna get ona police computer without the cop know ? kevin I have get it ! they all turn to he . kevin ( cont 'd ) billy Bob thornton . max huh ? kevin ( to Michelle ) you sleep with billy Bob thornton , do not you ? michelle no ! kevin then why be he so friendly to you that one time at 24 hour fitness ? it feel like you already know each other . michelle that be not billy Bob thornton ! that be shawn , my dental hygienist . kevin that 's awfully convenient , be not it ? michelle for who ? 70 . annie everyone shut up for a second . ( then ) I know where we can get on a police computer . ext . gary house - night Gary open the door on Max , Annie , Ryan , jillian , Kevin and Michelle , all wear unnaturally wide smile . max heeeyyy , Gare .... reverse to reveal : Gary , a lamb shank in one hand , bastian the dog in the other . a napkin tuck into he police uniform . from inside we can hear the faint , tinny sound of Al jolson croon '' toot , toot , tootsie ! '' gary goodness . to what do bastian and I owe the pleasure ? max we be all talk and we realize we have not have a game night in age . just the seven of we . gary ( dubious ) it 's ten o'clock . and I think you be go to you brother 's house . max he be tie up . ( realize ) with work . ryan come on , Gare bear , it 's the weekend . live a little . michelle we be just say how you be always better at game than Debbie be . gary ( intense ) I nil thank you not to besmirch my ex-wife . that woman be a angel . 71 . michelle ( backtrack ) whoa . okay . no , I mean I like she . we all like she . Gary 's wild - eye look give way to a smile . gary I will admit , I have eagerly await a visit such as this . he back into the darkness of he house and the creepy 1920 's music . annie do we follow he ? max seem like it . jillian ( push Ryan ) you go first . ryan I be afraid . they all nervously enter . int . gary live room - night the group sit around a coffee table as jillian finish building a jenga tower . Gary enter with a bowl . gary help yourselves to pop corn with sea salt . Gary plop the bowl in Max 's arm right on he cover wound . max ( wince ) arrgghhhh ... ( cover ) I love pop corn ! Ryan notice a frame photo on a table . it show the game night group , include Gary 's ex- wife Debbie , with Gary loom in the background . ryan you have a frame photo of game night ? 72 . gary do not everyone have photo of they best friend in they home ? the group exchange guilty look . annie of course . Max , you want to go first ? Max take out the first piece then stand . max I be sorry , could I use you bathroom ? gary of course . just down the hall , past we bedr -- ( he shut he eye , pain ) -- my bedroom . the other give Max a know look as he head off . bastian the dog trot after Max . int . gary house - hallway - night Max hurry to the bathroom , turn on the light and fan , then close the door without go in . he spot another room and quickly duck inside . bastian follow . int . gary 's study - night the room be a shrine to Debbie . photo , keepsake , embroider pillow , greeting card , a enormous wedding photo of she and Gary over the desk . max Jesus . he spot a reinforce police laptop on the desk and open it . intercut with : int . gary live room - same time Michelle carefully slide a piece out of the jenga tower . there be four player leave before Max 's turn . gary so , jillian . how long have you and Ryan be a couple ? 73 . jillian oh , no . we just work together . gary I see . I think I detect a certain chemistry between the two of you . jillian and Ryan do they best to laugh this off . gary ( cont 'd ) then again , I be not the world 's best judge of chemistry . he let out the most mirthless laugh in history . the other look deeply uncomfortable . back in the study , Max have pull up the National Police database and enter '' marlon Freeman . '' a profile come up show a surveillance photo of a distinguished white man in he 40' , peter anderton . his suspect crime include trafficking in steal artifact , insider trading , illegal weapon sale , etc . max hello , Peter anderton ... Max do not notice a drop of blood from he bullet wound have trickle down he arm and land on the beige carpet . bastian walk over and sniff it curiously . plop . another drop land on the dog 's fluffy white fur . back in the live room Annie be stare at the jenga tower . annie ( stalling ) so many possible move ... ryan come on , Annie . make up you mind . jillian elbow he in the rib . he realize . ryan ( cont 'd ) oh. right . take you time . Gary look at they , nonpluss . back in the study . by now bastian 's coat be spatter with blood but Max have yet to notice . he write down anderton 's address on a pad , start to shut the laptop but reconsider . he type '' the bulgarian '' into the alias search window . a blurry photo of a burly man appear . '' Real name : unknown . 74 . address : unknown . '' there 's a extensive list to suspect crime : multiple murder , torture , kidnap , human trafficking , arm trafficking , etc . max oh , brook . what do you get yourself into ...? he close the window and shut the computer and head for the door . he notice he arm be leak blood , then see a trail of blood drop lead across the carpet to bastian who be now more red than white . max ( cont 'd ) shit ! he shut the door , then hurry back to the dog and try rub off the blood with he hand , but it only smear it . he look around and spot what look like a roll up rag on a shelf . he hastily begin rub the dog with the rag but it have little effect . max ( cont 'd ) oh my god . he spit on the dog 's back and rub it some more . not help . he see a bottle of water on the desk . as he move to grab it , he accidentally knock over a ceramic wedding cake topper . the bride 's head break off . max ( cont 'd ) no ! back in the live room the other hear Max cry out . gary ( stand ) maybe I should check on Max . annie I be sure he 's fine . gary he cry out . he move to go . the other look at each other desperately . jillian ( blurt ) tell I about Debbie ! Gary stop , face away from they . 75 . gary I beg you pardon ? jillian I never get to meet she . I would love to hear what she 's like . Gary sit back down , look wistful . gary where do I begin ? back in the study . Max be pour water onto bastian and scrubbing he with the rag . Fresh blood continue to seep out onto the dog , make he even messier . max this be not work ... he unroll the rag and react as he see it 's not a rag but a souvenir t-shirt with a photo show a smile Debbie on a beach on vacation . the image be smear with blood . max ( cont 'd ) of course . just then , the wet dog shake himself off vigorously . bloody water fly everywhere , spattering the wall of the room include the enormous wedding photo . Gary 's shrine to Debbie now look more like the scene of a murder . Max stand and take it in . max ( cont 'd ) ( sigh ) fuck this . he wrap the shirt around he arm , cover it with he jacket , then leave the room , close the door on the fluffy , pink dog and the blood-spatter room . int . gary live room - continuous Gary regales the group with memory . gary ...- when she laugh it be like a concerto and if you be there to hear it , you consider yourself lucky just to be in the audience . michelle ( sotto , to Kevin ) I do not remember she laugh be that great . 76 . Max enter . max we should go . gary what ? but you have not take you turn at the jenga tower . max right . he reach down and deliberately knock over the tower . max ( cont 'd ) darn it . let 's go . thank you , Gary . this be great . the other quickly stand , ad lib goodby and head out . gary when shall we play next ? annie we will call you . and they be go . Gary stand there for a moment . then , gary bastian ? int . kevin and michelle 's van - night Kevin drive the group in he Honda odyssey . kevin so what do we do when we get to Peter anderton 's house ? knock on he door and ask for he million dollar egg back ? max I do not know . maybe if I explain the situation he will want to help . michelle ( sarcastic ) oh , yeah , most criminal millionaire have heart of gold . sfx : Max 's recharge cell phone ring . max private number . please do not be Gary ... max ( cont 'd ) hello ? distorted male voice ( on speaker ) we have you brother . max oh my god . okay , listen . we know who have the egg . we be on we way there right now . we can do a trade . please do not hurt brook . there 's a long pause on the line . distorted male voice ( on phone ) meet we on the East 4th Street Bridge at midnight . if you be late he die . max that 's only a hour from now -- but the caller hang up . max ( cont 'd ) shit . ryan that guy be not fuck around . dude sound like kylo ren . kevin we be here . the van pull up to what appear to be a large gated estate surround by a tall hedge . Max start to get out . max you guy head back to the house . i’1l call you as soon as I have the egg . annie what be you talk about ? we be come with you . max no way . it could be really dangerous in there . brook should not have drag any of we into he mess . but he 's my brother and it 's up to I to fix this . ryan bullshit . we be all in this together . 78 . michelle you know we would do anything for you . annie no. Max be right . you guy should go home . this be we problem . kevin and what happen if you do not make it out ? michelle do you have any idea what game night mean to we ? we do not come over because we be die to play charade and stupid ass child 's shit . we come over because we love you guy . kevin it 's the best part of we week . ryan mine too . and I have get a lot of option on the weekend . michelle brook may be you brother . but we be all family here . Max and Annie be visibly touch . max thank you . annie we love you guy too . there 's a nice beat , then they all realize jillian be there . max you should totally go home , though . you do not even know we . jillian you be right . I do not . but if you guy be cool with it , I have like to stay . ryan really ? jillian this have be the most exciting night of my life . ( more ) 79 . jillian ( cont 'd ) most Friday night I eat a Chipotle bowl by myself and watch '' Orange be the New Black '' on my iPad . ryan that 's exactly what I imagine . she elbow he . annie you have get a open invitation to all future game night , jillian . max as long as we do not die tonight . kevin speak of which , how be we gonna get into this place ? just then , a car pull up to the intercom and the gate open . ryan go , go , go ! Kevin drive in behind the other car . ext . anderton house - night Kevin 's van pull up to where a couple dozen expensive car be park in the driveway . the house be light up and shouting can be hear from inside . the group step out of the van . annie look like they be have a party . max that could be good . we can get in there and look for the egg without anyone notice we . they approach the house and peek in a window . Inside they see a sculpture of a shark submerge in formaldehyde along with recognizable modern painting on the wall . michelle damn . Warhol , Rothko , damien hirst . this guy 's gotta have the egg . they peer into the kitchen where we see a chef hand trays of hor d'oeuvre to several caterer . 80 . ryan so what 's the plan ? we knock out six of that caterer , drag they into a closet and come out wear they clothes ? max you gonna knock out six innocent people and strip they naked ? ryan you get a better plan ? max yeah . we wear we own clothes and look for the fuck egg . now come on . int . anderton foyer - night the group enter to find a crowd of well - dress men and a handful of women in they 40 's and 50 's huddle around something we can not see . they be cheer and throw down hundred dollar bill . attractive cocktail waitress serve drink . we guy stick out from the crowd , but no one seem to notice . annie what be this ? they see a open in the crowd and react : in the center two bare - knuckle white men in they 30 's be pummel the shit out of each other . max no way . jillian it 's some kind of rich guy 's fight club . they all turn to Ryan who gasp . ryan I know it ! I tell you they be real ! just then , one of the two combatant , boomer , knock the other one unconscious . a distinguished 40 - something man , mr . anderton , let out a celebratory shout as he hold up boomer 's hand . mr . anderton that 's my boomer ! 81. he plant a kiss on boomer 's sweaty , bald head , then slap he on the back like a racehorse . kevin this be some django unchain bullshit . anderton mock one of he guest , warren . mr . anderton sorry , Warren . do not think you be gonna be able to amortize that loss . several of the guest laugh and jeer Warren . anderton hold up a water bottle that boomer suckle from . mr . anderton ( cont 'd ) Kramer ! get Logan ready . minimum buy - in be now ten grand . another rich guy lead he muscly fighter , logan , into the '' ring . '' ryan Rich people be fuck up , huh ? max all right , let 's split up . anyone find the egg , text the other . and for god 's sake be careful with it . it 's the only chance brook have . Max and Annie , Kevin and Michelle head off . jillian go to leave but notice Ryan be move closer to the fight which have just begin . jillian what be you do ?! ryan I have get a good feel about Logan . do you have ten grand on you ? int . anderton master bedroom - night Kevin and Michelle stealthily enter a lavish bedroom and begin look around . michelle wow . this be the biggest bedroom I have ever see . 82 . kevin bigger than you celebrity boyfriend 's ? michelle you be still on this ? kevin you gotta tell I who he be , Michelle . it 's all I can think about . and that 's say something consider there 's a fight club downstairs . michelle why do it matter so much ? kevin we have be together we whole life . and I think I know everything about you . now I find out there 's this huge secret you have be keep from I . I be not mad that you sleep with someone while we be on a break . I be sad that you feel you have to keep it from I . Michelle stare at he for a beat . finally , michelle Glenn Close . kevin huh ? michelle the celebrity I sleep with . it be Glenn Close . kevin get the fuck out of town . michelle I be a waitress at the premiere party of '' 102 dalmation . '' I be about to start freshman year at William and Mary and it turn out Glenn go there too . we start talk and we end up back at she house . we be both a little drunk and one thing lead to another . kevin it be just that one time ? 83. michelle I have not see or speak to she since . ( beat ) I always know you and I be not gonna be apart for long and I want to do something crazy while I have the chance . kevin so you make love to cruella deville . michelle be you upset ? kevin no , baby . I be glad you get it out of you system . and by the way , well do . Glenn Close be a national treasure . I wish you have tell I year ago . michelle I do not think you would take it this well . kevin now , if you have tell I it be denzel I would have kill myself . int . anderton library - night Max and Annie search through a beautiful wood and leather library . she notice photo on the shelf show anderton with a trophy wife and five kide . annie how can this monster have five kid and we can not even make one ? max well , he wife look like she 's about fifteen . ( then , distract ) do not worry . we will get there . annie I be start to feel like I be push this baby thing on you . max no . it 's just -- when we first meet we do whatever we want . whenever we want . ( more ) 84 . max ( cont 'd ) and then we get real job and a mortgage and car loan and now we only have one night of the week where we get to let loose and have fun . game night . and once we have a kid , we will not even have that anymore . Annie suddenly realize something . annie you be not stress because you brother be come to town . you be stress because you do not want to have a kid in the first place . you sperm do not work because you be afraid you sperm might work . Max look away . he know she 's right . max how about we put a pin in this until my brother be safe ? annie yeah . sure . off Annie 's sad look , int . anderton live room - same time Ryan watch raptly as Logan and boomer beat the hell out of each other . jillian be lose patience . ryan come on , Logan ! boomer be not shit ! jillian can we go ? we be suppose to be look for the -- suddenly , she notice one of anderton 's employees band together a stack of bill he 's take from a money counter . he place the cash in a wall safe but do not shut it . just beside the stack cash jillian spot a bejeweled , ornately decorate faberge egg . jillian ( cont 'd ) whoa . ( she poke Ryan ) look . it 's right there ! ryan Holy shit . good eye . stay here . 85 . he head ott . jillian what be you go to do ? ryan I be gonna grab it . they be all watch the fight . he casually weave through the crowd of shouting man to the open wall safe . he glance around . no one have notice he . he grab the egg . just then , pow ! boomer deliver a crippling blow to Logan , knock he out . the crowd roar . boomer look up and stare quizzically at Ryan . everyone else follow he gaze . the room go silent . all eye be on Ryan . mr . anderton who the hell be you ? ryan hm ? mr . anderton what be you do with my egg ? ryan ( adopt a fake air of haughtiness ) I be ... simply admire it . it 's a fine specimen . I have dozen of such egg in my collection . I ’ma bit of a connoisseur if you will . mr . anderton do anyone here know this guy ? ryan everyone know I . I be a mogul like you gentleman . and after a hard day of sell stock and acquire asset , I like to unwind with a cognac and a good fight . I be a bit of a connoisseur if you will . jillian bury she head in she hand . mr . anderton you be full of shit . ryan how dare ye ? 86 . mr . anderton ( to boomer ) take this guy down , please . boomer shove through the crowd toward Ryan who bolt with the egg . int . anderton house foyer - continuous Max and Annie rejoin Kevin and Michelle . max any luck ? kevin yeah ! we actually work out we issue . max I be talk about the egg ! kevin oh , no . nothing . suddenly , Ryan and jillian charge past they . Ryan hold the egg and look terrify . ryan ( shouting ) go , go , go ! boomer rush in hot on Ryan 's tail . the other scramble . Ryan stumble and drop the egg . it be catch just in time by Annie who lateral it to Michelle . boomer pursue whoever hold the egg and it turn into a_high - stake game of '' hot potato . '' finally , jillian find herself hold the egg with no one to pass it to . she stand like a deer in headlight as boomer charge straight for she . at the last possible second , the fighter be tackled from the side by ryan who have instinctively leapt to jillian 's aid . the two man crash into the damien hirst shark artwork . the glass panel shatter and gallon of formaldehyde pour out along with the preserved shark carcass . ryan ( cont 'd ) oh god ! boomer be daze . Ryan clamber to he foot , stumbling over the rubbery fish corpse and the group race out of the house . 87 . ext . anderton estate - night Max and the other run toward Kevin 's minivan . anderton and he guest pour out the door in pursuit . a soaking wet boomer lead the charge as we group pile into the odyssey . kevin come on ! get in ! he floor it and they speed down the driveway and out to the street . int . kevin 's car - night everyone catch they breath as Kevin speed along . Max hold the egg . annie well , that be unusual . jillian turn to Ryan who look daze . jillian you really save I back there . ryan yeah . why do I do that ? it 's like I see you be in trouble and this feel come over I . like I want to help you even if I do not get anything out of it . annie sound like love , Ryan . ryan what ? ew . no , it do not . jillian yeah . Gross , Annie . but as they blow off the moment , we can see both Ryan and jillian be in unchart territory . max ( tense ) two minute to twelve . where 's this bridge ? kevin gps say it 's right around here but I do not see it . annie ( point ) there it be ! 4th street. 88 . see they be pass the bridge , Kevin slam on the brake . in super -slow motion , we see the egg fly out of Max 's hand . max fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucccecckkkkkkk ! the egg pass between the front seat and shatter against the front windshield . jewel and enamel fly all over the dashboard . after a beat , kevin oh my . max that 's it . they be gonna kill my brother . ryan hang on . maybe we can fix this ... Ryan pick up a few shard of egg and try piece they together but they fall apart in he hand . ryan ( cont 'd ) this be more fragile than a real egg . ( then ) do they specifically say it have to be in one piece ? Michelle examine some of the tiny gem on the dashboard . michelle I be not a expert , but this gem look kinda plastic to I . Max lean forward and examine some of the piece . Inside one he notice a small sticker . max ( read ) '' make in China '' ? be this thing not even real ? ryan maybe just that sticker be make in China . jillian ( quietly ) let 's let they talk . kevin why would the bulgarian ask brook to get he a fake egg ? 89 . Annie notice something amidst the shattered egg . a tiny rolled up paper . she pick it up and examine it . annie I do not think he want the egg at all . I think he want what be inside of it . insert on the roll of paper . it 's a list of name and address in tiny type . at the top be a header : '' witsec . '' max '' witsec " ? what be that ? jillian we can ask they . she point to the opposite end of the bridge where we can see a black van come to a stop . ponytail and bald guy step out , open the rear door and drag out a frighten brook . we group steel themselves as they climb out of the minivan . Ryan scoops the shattered egg piece into a travel mug . jillian look at he . ryan in case they ask for it . ext . bridge - night Max , Annie and the other move nervously to where the thug stand in the middle of the bridge hold gun on brook . bald guy you tell anyone you be come here ? max no. I swear . listen , we have get you egg -- brooks you do ?! max but we break it . brooks what ?! Ryan shake the travel mug helpfully . annie it be a fake . but we have the list of name inside . ( more ) 90 . annie ( cont 'd ) ( hold it up ) that 's what you want , right ? the thug exchange a look . ponytail get on the ground . max we have what you want . why can not you just let we go ? ponytail shove he gun in Max 's face . ponytail I say '' on the ground '' ! they all lie down on they stomach . brook lie beside Max . ponytail begin move down the line , collect wallet and cell phone . bald guy take out he own phone and dial . bald guy ( into phone ) it 's I . we have get ‘em all here . as bald guy walk off to talk , brook turn to Max . brooks the bulgarian 's gonna kill I . probably you guy too . why do you come back ? max you be my brother . I can not just let you die . even if you deserve it . brooks you be unbelievable . you be always a better person than I . max please shut up . brooks I be be serious . Max roll he eye . brooks ( cont 'd ) look , I have not be totally honest with you . 91 . max yeah , brook , I know . that 's why we be lie on a bridge at midnight . brooks I do not mean about this . I mean about everything . I be not the guy you think I be . I be not even the guy you think I think I be . max what be you talk about ? brooks I be a fraud . everyone see I as this cool , carefree dude who win at everything he touch . well , you know how I win ? I cheat , Max . I cheat at everything . even when we be little kid and we would play battleship . max come on . brooks do not you notice how I always make you sit with you back to the tv ? it be so I could see where you ship be in the reflection . and I always pockete five grand in Monopoly before we even start play . I cheat at the game of life . and the game of life . max Son of a bitch . brooks but it do not stop there . we grow up and you go to college and meet Annie and become a writer . I know I could not compete with you success . so I tell everyone I get a job on Wall Street . and I do . selling coke to the trader . max you never be a venture capitalist ? brooks I be not even sure what '' venture capitalist '' mean . 92 . max so this whole time that I have feel like a complete failure next to you , you have feel the same way about I ? brooks ( smile ) kinda funny , huh ? max no ! it 's not funny ! it 's shitty ! you turn I into a self - doubting , competitive mess ! you even break my sperm ! brooks okay , I be not sure what that last thing mean , but listen . I have be try to find a way to make it up to you . that 's what this whole game night be suppose to be . I rig it so you would finally win . the last clue be gonna lead you to you jacket pocket . puzzle , Max reach into he jacket pocket and pull out the key to brook 's stingray . max whoa . brooks surprise . but I even fuck that up . I be so sorry , man . he put he forehead on the asphalt , defeat . Max put a hand on he shoulder . max you know what ? we be gonna be okay . I can feel it . angle on bald guy finish he call . bald guy ( into phone ) .-- all of they ? you sure that 's necessary ? ( beat ) okay . he hang up and turn to ponytail . ponytail what have he say ? they cock panicked , they kiss . 93 . bald guy we gotta take ‘em all out . they gun . we group all react , terrify . michelle ( to the thug ) wait ! we get you the list ! annie just let we go . no one need to know ! michelle ( to Kevin ) I be sorry I fuck Glenn Close . kevin I be sorry I fuck Karen waller . michelle you say it be a handjob ! Ryan turn to jillian . ryan ( rapid-fire ) I know you be too smart for I and you could do way better , but I really like you and I might love you ! do you love I ?! jillian no , I do not think so , but if you want to kiss I have be okay with that . ryan Fair enough ! then , jillian you smell like a preserve shark . ponytail and bald guy point they gun . they be about to fire when -- wooop ! the chirp of a police car siren startles everyone . they turn male voice ( 0.s. ) freeze ! to see -- gary stepping out of he cop car like a hero . his weapon be draw . max Gary ?! 94 . bald guy and ponytail turn they gun on Gary . bald guy do not even think about it , pig ! gary can not say I care for that nomenclature . Gary fire he gun at they . bald guy and ponytail dive for cover , return fire . it 's real and loud and scary . everybody scatter , scream . Ryan cover jillian . Max fall on top of Annie . Michelle fall on top of Kevin . Gary slide across he car 's hood like John mcclane , fire at the thug . ponytail get hit in the gut , he shirt exploding with red . Gary aim and fire . bald guy duck too late and get hit in the back , drop like a sack . a beat of quiet . brooks be that you neighbor ? max ( shake ) yes it be . michelle be everybody okay ?! kevin when do Gary get so cool ?! max Gary ?! you all right ? Gary emerge from cover . gary I be fine . ( look back ) though in slide , my belt buckle may have scratch the finish of my squad car . annie how do you know we be in trouble ? gary the nocturnal jenga game , my blood - spatter marital souvenir and Max 's curious search history pique my interest . 95 . max you save we life . gary just do my jo -- bang ! Gary 's chest explode in a eruption of blood . he fall to the ground in a heap . we see that ponytail have fire one last shot before die . max oh my god ! Annie try put pressure on the wound . Max pull Gary into he lap as jillian call 911 -- jillian ( on phone ) I need a ambulance , there 's a officer down .... max Gary ! hold on ! Gary look down at he chest . gary oh no ... Ryan dry heave . michelle you be gonna be fine , Gary ! just hang on ! Gary cough and a little blood come out of he mouth . his eyelid get heavier . max hang on , Gare . we be gonna get you to the hospital ! annie you have get so much to live for ! gary ( weak ) do I ? I have no wife . no friend . max we be you friend , pal . annie we all love you . Ryan look at Kevin . he shrug . 96 . gary you do not ... even like spend time ... with I . max ( choke up ) not true . we have just be selfish . we do not think about you and what you need . I be so sorry . gary someone please care for bastian . annie you be gonna care for he yourself . max yeah . and when you get out of the hospital you be come to every game night we have . you hear I ?! that 's a promise ! Annie take he hand , try not to cry -- annie would you like that , Gary ? would you like to come back to game night ? you have just gotta keep breathe . a very weaken Gary try to smile . he lean up like he want to say something , but he 's too weak . Max and Annie lean down close ... gary ( softly ) do not you ever exclude I again . annie what ? a beat . then Gary spit out what look to be a plastic packet from he mouth . max what 's that ? what be that ? gary and that be how you do a murder mystery party . Gary get to he foot , grin . Kevin scream when she see bald guy and ponytail stand up , very much still alive , brush themselves off . brooks what the hell be go on ?! Gary nod . head off . 97 . gary I have dupe you all . max this be all ... a game ? michelle ( furious ) a game ?! gary when I learn that you stop invite I to you game night , I hijacked brook 's murder mystery party and stage a kidnap of my own . brooks be you kidding I ?! jillian ( into phone ) okay , y’k now what ? false alarm . Officer not down . he 's back up . gary what better way to prove my worth as a game night participant ? kevin ( point to bald guy and ponytail ) so who be that guy ? actor ? gary oh , no , they be felon . I be able to shave some time off they parole in exchange for this little side project . ( then ) thank you , gentleman . bald guy we square now ? ponytail and bald guy collect they prop and brooks ( to Gary ) what kind of psycho be you ?! you put we through all this shit for you own amusement ?! gary just the opposite . for you amusement . do everyone have fun ? 98 . max no , Gary . nobody have fun . and I get shot with a real bullet ! gary I do not see how that 's possible . my man be use blank . brooks that be my gun . which be real . annie ( to Gary ) so , the whole thing with the fabergé egg and the bulgarian . that be you ? gary you have lose I . max the egg with the witsec list inside . Max show he the paper . gary witsec ? ( read ) this be a list of people in the federal witness protection program . how do you get this ? max it be in the egg ! can you please stop fuck with we now ? gary I be not fudging with you . I honestly do not know what -- bang ! Gary be hit in the shoulder by a bullet . blood spurt out . Gary fall to the ground . max seriously ? how stupid do you think we be ? brook spot a burly man with two armed bodyguard approach from the other end of the bridge . brooks ( point ) Max ? 99 . max ( to Gary ) that 's you big twist ? you get shot again ? and by who ? completely new character you just introduce at the last minute ? I be sorry . you jump the shark , bud . brooks no , Max ... max and you do not do a shot in the shoulder after you do a shot in the chest . that 's anti-climactic . he stick he finger into Gary 's bullet hole . Gary scream in pain . Max pull out he finger . max ( cont 'd ) ( confuse ) hang on ... Gary reach for he shoulder walkie . gary ( pain ) this be Officer henson . I have get a ten-double - zero on the 4th Street -- one of the bodyguard suddenly kick gary in the head , knock he unconscious . it 's clear this be not stage . max Jesus ! the bodyguard pick up the gun Gary drop and hand it to he boss , the bulgarian . the bulgarian which one of you be brook Davis ? brook nervously hold up he hand . the bulgarian ( cont 'd ) funny . you do not look like a asshole . do I look like a asshole to you ? brooks no. the bulgarian one of we have to be the asshole in this transaction because otherwise I would have my egg and you have have you money . ( more ) 100 . the bulgarian ( cont 'd ) but instead , we have waste we night tracking you down . we find marlon Freeman . he tell we some idiot in a minivan steal the egg . now we have shot and kick this perfectly innocent policeman , and now we be gonna have to kill you . max Excuse I , Mr. bulgarian ? if I may . I be brook 's brother . he screw up . he get greedy . he know that . but the good news be , we get you egg back . grant , it 's break . but we get the list inside . and I bet that 's what you want all along . so how about this ? you take the list . for free . we all go we separate way and nobody get hurt . ( then , grim ) except for the people on that list , I be guess . Max hold up the list . the bulgarian okay . max okay ? the bulgarian deal . make perfect sense . Max move to hand the list over but brook stop he . brooks wait . you give he that he 's gonna kill I . the bulgarian nonsense . ( then , dead serious ) give I the list . Max hesitates . the bulgarian nod to he guy who aim they gun at brook and Max . in a instant , brook grab the list from Max , shove it in he mouth and swallow it . the bulgarian ( cont 'd ) what the hell be wrong with you ?! sfx : a distant siren wail as it come closer brooks just buy myself some time . 101 . the bulgarian not much . we be just gonna cut you open on the jet . ( to bodyguard ) take he . one bodyguard grab brook . the other point to the group . bodyguard what about they ? the bulgarian fuck ‘em . we ’1ll be out of the country in a hour . they back up towards they car , one gun on brook , one gun on the rest of they . Max watch helplessly . brooks do not follow I , Max . I be serious . the bulgarian I be not worried about that . he take out a gun . Max flinch . the bulgarian shoot out two tire on Kevin 's minivan . Max 's face harden as he watch the car drive away . ryan man . this game just get weirder and weirder . everyone look at Ryan . jillian you know it stop be a game , right ? ryan ( cover ) duh . max the only private air terminal around here be at lax . Max start to head off . annie you gonna run there ? max we be only four block from brook 's house . annie but we car 's not there . 102 . Max hold up the key to the stingray . max yes , it be . he run off . Annie sigh and follow . ext . private AIR hangar - night one of the bodyguard shut the door of a cessna private jet as it begin to taxi toward the runway . int . jet - continuous he join the other bodyguard who be zip -ty brook 's hand to the arm of a seat . the bulgarian loom over he . brooks ( struggle ) look , you do not have to do this . just let I poop it out . the bulgarian we be not go to go digging around in you fece . we be civilized man . he take out a large knife from a drawer . the bulgarian ( cont 'd ) now hold still while I cut you stomach open . brooks wait ! 1I x11 do whatever you need I to do ! he be about to cut when brook notice something outside . brooks ( cont 'd ) the hell ? the bulgarian look out and see a corvette stingray smashing through the chain -link fence along the runway and speed right toward the taxiing jet . the bulgarian be that ...? brooks ( proud ) my little brother . he do not know when to quit . the bulgarian turn to the cockpit and bark at the pilot . 103 . the bulgarian get we in the air ! now ! int . stingray - continuous frazzle , Max and Annie chase the jet down the runway . annie what 's we plan ?! max the plan be to break through the fence ! now , I have get nothing ! annie they be about to take off ! Max steel himself and pour on more speed . max all right . I have get a idea that 's crazy enough it just might work . annie you be gonna crash the car into the plane ? max yeah . how have you know ? annie ' Cause it 's the only option ! ext . runway - continuous the jet be nearly lift off the ground as the stingray pull up alongside . Max turn the wheel hard to the leave and ram into the side of the plane . the jet veer off course , barrel toward the edge of the runway . it speed over the berm and slam to a stop ina ditch . int . cockpit - continuous the pilot be throw against the control and knock unconscious . int . jet - continuous the bodyguard , the bulgarian and brook be slam against the cabin wall . 104 . ext . runway - continuous the totale car spin out , come to a halt on the runway . int . kevin 's car - continuous Max and Annie take a breath . max well , at least I get to drive it for ten minute . Annie see the door of the jet open as one of the armed bodyguard step out . annie Quick . come on ! ext . runway - night she jump out of the car and head across the tarmac away from the approach bodyguard . Max move to follow but the bodyguard be already look in he direction . Max duck behind the stingray just in time . the bodyguard peer inside the car then head right toward where Max be hide . just as he 's about to find Max , Annie stumble and make a noise . the bodyguard turn toward the sound as Annie duck for cover behind a baggage conveyor belt loader park alongside the tarmac . the bodyguard toward she . Annie hide on the other side of the loader as the bodyguard look for she . she and Max lock eye from they hide place . frantic to help she , Max suddenly notice a large crate perch at the top of the elevate conveyor belt directly above the bodyguard . Max point at the crate and silently mouth '' turn on the belt . '' she do not know what he 's talk about . he take out he cell phone to text she : no service . max shit . he get a idea . he begin to charade to she . he hold up three finger . it take a second but Annie get it . annie ( to herself ) Three word . 105 . Max do the tirst word . he spin in a circle . annie ( cont 'd ) spin . turn . yes . second word : he put one hand on top of the other . annie ( cont 'd ) on. turn on what ? Max point to he belt . annie ( cont 'd ) belt . turn on belt . she catch on . she sneak around to the control panel of the loader and find the activation switch . she 's about to hit it but Max gesture for she to wait . the bodyguard circle around the loader . Annie scurries around it , ducking out of he view . finally , the bodyguard return to the spot beneath the crate . Max signal . Annie turn on the conveyor ... ..- which start up with a deafening growl of its gas engine . the conveyor creep up super-slowly give the bodyguard ample time to see the crate and step out of the way as it smashes harmlessly to the ground . Max throw up he hand . but while the bodyguard be distract , he be bonked in the head by Annie wield a fire extinguisher she remove from the loader . he go down hard . Annie grab the bodyguard 's gun and run to join Max . max you see what I be go for there ? annie of course . if that guy have be deaf and paralyze it totally would have work . ( be : the gun ) you want this ? max I know I do not want you to have it , calamity Jane . he take the gun and they sneak over toward the jet . max ( cont 'd ) look . there 's a hatch on top of the plane ! maybe I can get the drop on they . 106 . Max put the gun over he shoulder and caretully begin climb up onto the wing . annie '' the drop '' ?! max get to the hangar . see if you can find a cop or something . I x11 be okay . annie ( whisper yell ) you be not Jack reacher ! int . jet - continuous the bulgarian we be sit duck here . get out there , kill that fucker and find I another plane ! bodyguard # 2 ( be : brook ) you okay with he ? the bulgarian pick up he knife . the bulgarian oh , we will be fine . as the bodyguard hurry out of the plane , the bulgarian approach brook . the bulgarian ( cont 'd ) no more wait . I be get my list . we hear a rattling from the ceiling of the plane . the bulgarian step aside just as Max fall through the emergency hatch , miss the bulgarian and landing on the floor . brooks Max ! max can not get the drop on anyone tonight . before the bulgarian can react , Max aim he gun at he . max ( cont 'd ) Drop the knife . 107 . but instead , the bulgarian throws the knite at Max . it stick into the same arm where he be shot earlier . Max drop he weapon . max ( cont 'd ) arggghh ! right in my bullet hole ! the bulgarian charge Max but brook trip he with he leg . the bulgarian fall to the floor and he and Max grapple . ext . runway - continuous the bodyguard search around the plane , he gun draw . he spot Annie hide behind the nose of the jet and fire . she run for cover but he have she trap . annie wait ! I have kid ! four of they ! bodyguard # 2 bullshit . not with that ass you do not . annie ( flatter ) well , thank you for that . he raise he gun and aim at she head . bodyguard # 2 you be welcome . int . jet - continuous Max and the bulgarian continue to wrestle . they stumble into the cockpit landing between the unconscious pilot directly on top of the thrust lever . the engine roar to life . ext . runway - continuous the engine directly behind the bodyguard suddenly revs to maximum throttle . the man turn back to look . bodyguard # 2 what the f--? whoosh ... splat ! he 's sucked into the engine and shred . annie yes ! ( then , grim ) oh my god . that 's just horrible . 108 . int . jet - continuous the fight spill back into the cabin as the bulgarian spot the gun Max drop on the floor . he clamber toward it . brook stick out he leg and trip he again . the bulgarian stop trip I ! Max notice a bungee cord dangle from a overhead compartment . he grab it and wrap it around the bulgarian 's neck . but the bulgarian be determine . he continue to crawl to the weapon as the cord tighten around he throat . just as he hand grasp the gun , he collapse on the floor , unconscious from lack of oxygen . Max quickly tie he up with the bungee cord so he can not move . he cut brook free with the bulgarian 's knife . the two brother stand there as they collect themselves . brooks look at that . angle on the bulgarian . Max have wrap he so he head be nearly in he own crotch . brooks ( cont 'd ) you get a bungee cord in you hand and you go straight to the pervy place , do not you ? Annie hurry onto the plane and hug Max . max you okay ? annie yeah , yeah . I mean , I be change forever but I be fine . ( then ) be that a knife in you bullet hole ? max it 's nothing . listen , I want we to have a baby . annie you sure ? max look at we . we do thing tonight we never would have imagine we could do . and we be awesome . ( more ) 109 . max ( cont 'd ) I think I want to be like brook but it turn out brook be a low - life and a loser . brooks guilty . max plus , think of all the dum-dum have baby out there . our be go to be so much better . it /’1l beat they at everything . annie ( get into it ) totally . we baby 's gonna crush every other baby ! max we be gonna raise the Jason bourne of baby . annie but without all the creepy treadstone flashback . max right , no . obviously . brook start slow -clapping . they look at he . brooks and that be how you throw a game night . Max and Annie stare . max what ? brooks it go exactly as I plan . ( to the bulgarian ) trevor , you can get up now . Max and Annie exchange a incredulous look and turn to the bulgarian . he do not move . there 's a beat . brooks ( cont 'd ) I be just fuck with you . that would have be cool though , right ? max such a dick . 110 . ext . brooks 's house - night super : '' 3 month later '' Max and Annie head toward brook 's rent house . int . brooks 's house - live room - night Max and Annie enter to find a game night in progress . Kevin , Michelle , Ryan and jillian play '' pictionary . '' we see the player at the easel be Gary . they all yell greeting . brook hand Max a drink . brooks thanks for let I host again . max it 's not like we have a choice . reveal that brook be wear a blinking house arrest ankle bracelet . brooks only for another 36 month . brook sit down on the sofa and put a arm around dr . chin , the fertility doctor . dr . chin hi guy ! max hey , Dr. Chin . kevin ( be : Gary 's draw ) '' the crying game '' ? we see Gary 's draw be of a man cry . jillian '' boy do not Cry '' ? michelle '' Cry - baby '' ? Ryan 's phone buzzer sound . ryan time 's up . gary it be '' the Green mile . '' ryan how be that '' the Green mile '' ?! gary that 's I at the regal cinema , cry , as I do through much of the film . kevin how be we suppose to know that , Gary ?! gary I assume everyone cry during '' the Green mile . '' ryan ( whisper to Kevin and Michelle ) how long till we can stop invite he again ? brooks who 's next ? annie I will go . 111 . Annie get up and grab the pen . she pull out she clue , read it , toss it behind she , nod for the timer , and start draw a bread roll . michelle a rock . a ball . max a burger . a bun ! she nod , then draw a oven around the bun . gary wait , be this a motion picture ? she ignore he . max baking a bun . in a oven . there 's a bun in the oven ! Annie touch she nose , smile . Max jump up , he win , but then : max ( cont 'd ) wait -- what ? he turn to Annie : she 's hold she stomach . celebrate 112 . max ( cont 'd ) you be pregnant ? annie we do it . Max smile and hug she as everyone cheer and congratulate they . we move out a window where the happy tableau play out in the live room . suddenly , a ominous black van pull to a stop in front of the house as we smash to black . the end