game 6 written by Don delillo revise draft May 18 , 2004 int . loft apartment - manhattan - morning 1 1 steven schwimmer , a drama critic , asleep on he bed . he wear a sleep mask . 2 the bed be a mattress on a makeshift platform . paper strewn on the floor . a exercise bike . a desk with and old manual typewriter , reference work , periodicals , styrofoam cup . a cast - off sofa with pants , shirt , sweater , underwear and sock toss haphazardly on the cushion and arm . a counter that set apart the kitchen area . a portable tv set on the counter . the remain of dinner for one . a row of stack cardboard box with mail spilling out on the floor . box be label in crayon : hate mail . a coffee table with a candle nub in a saucer and six gleam round of ammunition scattered next to a llama comanche .357 Magnum with a checker walnut stock -- overall length , nine and a quarter inch . a Port -o - San toilet , about seven foot high , orange , scar and dent -- scavenge from a construction site . a snapshot on the bedside table . it 's a blurry picture of Steven hold a cat . Steven wear a peak cap , and a shadow fall across he face . next to the picture be a clock radio , which come on with a buzz as the clock show nine am . radio announcer begin to speak -- lone eagle ( v.o. ) ( softly ) traffic flow smoothly on the deegan right now but if you be lucky enough to have a ticket for tonight 's game , be sure to leave early because it 's go to be bumper to bumper . Steven do not stir . ext . loft build 2 teven 's loft be in a old squat building on 47th Street near twelfth Avenue . the structure look abandon . graffiti everywhere . entranceway fill with debris . 2 . lone eagle ( v.o. ) another day of traffic . traffic everywhere I look . Cars stop and move and stop again . people sit at the wheel think they thought . ext . UNITED nation plaza apt - - morning 3 the shimmer glass facade of the United Nations Plaza Apartments at 48th Street and first Avenue . a man visible at a window on one of the high floor , a cup of coffee in he hand . lone eagle ( v.o. ) Day in , day out . Red light , green light . traffic on the major artery and traffic in the little vein . from he Pov we see the traffic below creep along , nearly at a standstill . lone eagle ( v.o. ) Cars , van , taxi , truck , limo , moped , bike and bus . emergency vehicle scream and wail . birth and death , walk and do not walk . the man take a sip of coffee . lone eagle ( v.o. ) traffic yesterday , today and tomorrow . bumper to bumper , soul to soul . this be Lone Eagle over and out . ext . 47th STREET and first avenue - a little later 4 4 the same man -- the playwright nicky rogan with he hand in the air , hail a cab . he be forty - five , vigorous , wear well - make sporty clothes . in a corner of the screen -- october 25 , 1986 int . taxi 5 5 stall in traffic . nicky I use to drive a taxi . 3. driver where you be go , mister ? nicky glance at the driver 's name plate kaganovich anatoli nicky I use to drive a taxi . driver I use to be head of neurosurgery . Big hospital in ussr . this hospital , I be not kid . nicky very big . driver I open thousand of brain . nicky what do you find ? driver Big mess every time . nicky I love my taxi . go twelve hour nonstop . stop only to pee . I peed under the Manhattan bridge . peed many time in park and playground . ext . STREET corner 6 6 47th Street and third Avenue . a man be dance with a life - size cloth doll . his tape player be on the sidewalk , play and instrumental version of " beautiful dreamer " and there be a cigar box for donation . a few people look on from a distance . the man wear a old cutaway , with run shoe , and the doll have long red tresses and wear a frilly gown . nicky emerge from a taxi at the corner and walk rapidly past the dance man . nicky cross the courtyard to Buchanan Apartments . int . foyer 7 7 joanna bourne reach for the door . joanna be fifty -ish , handsome , stylishly dress . 4. int . buchanan apartment - second later 8 8 nicky and joanna embrace with wordless abandon . they be in the hallway clutching each other , stumbling . the wall on either side be hang with expensive art . they grapple past the live room . fleeting look at the painting by longo and fischl , a poster by the guerilla Girls . T he edge of the bedroom . nicky be crawl into the room and joanna be hang on to he , be drag . they be fully dress except for one of joanna 's shoe . the bedroom . a Lichtenstein , a hockney , a silk -screen of joanna by Andy Warhol . a Jeff koons piece . nicky and joanna roll on the floor until they be halfway under the bed . int . hallway 9 9 muffled sound from the bedroom . we track to : the may 's room . the may be smoking a cigarette and read New York magazine . the cover be partly obscure by she hand but we can see a blurry black - and - white photo of a man hurry along a street with a newspaper over he face , shield himself from the camera . over the photo , three word visible : the phantom who -- a second line of type be too small to be legible . int . bedroom -- later 10 10 nicky and joanna be undress after the fact , very slowly and distractedly . joanna stand by a chair near the window . nicky be on the other side of the bed and he alternate between stand and sit as he take off he clothes . joanna last night . Alan albright call I a handsome woman . second time he 's do that . Son of a bitch . nicky I hear Alan 's sick . joanna Alan 's very sick . he have to go to New Mexico and sit in a lukewarm solution . nicky you know about Adele . joanna what about she ? nicky she 's die . joanna she die . nicky I talk to she two day ago . joanna apparently it do not help . you know about Peter , of course . nicky we Peter ? joanna Peter redmond . they find out why he can not remember he line . there 's something live in he brain . a parasite he pick up in borneo , do the movie . nicky can he get through it ? joanna they be watch he closely . there 's a special rehearsal set for this afternoon . to bolster he confidence . and that 's not all . nicky I have get bigger problem , joanna . personal problem . joanna that 's not all , nicky . I have be back you play for fifteen year . and I have never be more depressed . nicky about what ? joanna S teven schwimmer . the most powerful critic in America get he first crack at nicky rogan . 6. nicky ( hide he concern ) look . all I want be a haircut . I be not worried about this guy . joanna ever since he start review the Broadway theater , nobody in this business have be worried about anything else . nicky they can send they heartless brilliant boy-critic . there 's a much bigger thing go on than tonight 's open . joanna what ? nicky the Red Sox joanna you mean the World Series ? I think the Red Sox be win . nicky Three game to two . but if you know they history , you realize there 's a tragedy in the make . I have be carry this franchise on my back since I be six year old . joanna it can not be all that personal . joanna enter the walk - in closet to finish undress and get a nightdress . nicky if you have a team you have follow all you life , and they raise you hope and crush they , and lift they and crush they , do you want I to tell you what it 's like ? it 's like feel you childhood die over and over . J joanna I mean nicky , really , no . 7. nicky follow she into the closet , still in he shirt and boxer short . joanna I be proud of this play . it 's so different from anything you have do . nicky this be how we have manage to last . joanna we be able to surprise each other . nicky in and out of bed . joanna because we be completely mismatch . nicky we do not even like each other , do we ? nicky walk out of the closet , take off he shirt , get into bed . joanna I use to tell myself . talent be more erotic when it 's waste . will I see you tonight ? nicky the Red Sox blow a chance to win they first World Series since 1918 . you expect I to miss that for a open night ? joanna emerge from the closet in she nightdress and get into bed . joanna it make I so mad . Steven schwimmer ready to strike . the exterminate angel . nicky it 's all work out . they will lose tonight . then they will lose tomorrow . I see it with stun clarity . 8. joanna it 's you best play , nicky . nicky they will lose because they be my team . joanna he will absolutely hate it . 11 11 int . steven schwimmer's loft Steven be just waking up . the radio play soft music . he reach over and hit the off button , then activate the cassette player . he struggle out of bed and sufi music begin to fill the room . he stand at the foot of the bed , a man in he mid-twenty , hollow - chest , slightly potbelly , wear rumple pajama bottom and a mostly mozart T-shirt . he do not remove the sleep mask . the music have a sensuous , drive beat . voice begin to chant . Steven hold he arm parallel to the floor . slowly he begin to turn , clockwise . the beat pick up and he whirl more quickly , he mouth come open . now he begin to whirl about the room . the chant grow in intensity . although he be blindfolded , Steve deftly avoid run into furniture and other object . Steven stop whirling at the precise moment the music stop play . he be back at the foot of the bed , arm stretch wide . int . taxi 12 12 creep along . nicky lean toward the driver . nicky I wrap my sandwich in tinfoil . I eat and drive . I have one of that big checker cab . driver you be go where ? nicky crosstown . 9. driver very bad today . Driver 's nameplate -- choudhury ramaswamy nicky I clean out the ashtray religiously . driver I be sit here five year in traffic . it be one continuous traffic since I arrive . why must it be ? a taxi pull up alongside . nicky notice the young woman in the rear seat . it be he daughter Laurel . he open he window . nicky Laurel , stay there . ( to he driver ) keep the meter run . and try to stay abreast . nicky leave he taxi and get into Laurel 's . int . second taxi 13 13 nicky push in next to she . Laurel be eighteen , slightly overweight , with a pleasant and expressive face . she be carry book in a nylon haversack . nicky I never see you anymore . where be you all day ? laurel I go to college . I think you know . nicky do you want to get some coffee ? laurel I do not drink coffee , daddy . and this be not what we should be talk about . 10 . nicky what do you want to talk about ? I will talk about anything . what 's this ? nicky lift a small radio and headset out of she bag . laurel I be see you play tonight , remember ? nicky why do you need a radio ? laurel so at the intermission I can listen to the ball game . do you know that mother be see a prominent divorce lawyer ? nicky that 's completely crazy . laurel be it ? nicky do not talk like that . how prominent ? what be you imply ? laurel she 's do like that Iranians . ` I divorce thee . I divorce thee . I divorce thee ' nicky ( indicate driver ) and he hear it the same time I hear it ? what happen to family secret ? Driver 's nameplate --- tabattabi abulhassan laurel mother be totally , you know , upset . nicky abulhassas , we will be get out here . 11 . nicky pay the driver . ext . the STREET 14 14 nicky stand alongside the first taxi and pay he original driver . Laurel reluctantly exit the second taxi . 15 15 int . coffee shop 47th Street between first and second Avenue . nicky and Laurel enter the coffee shop they be greet by the owner , a hefty Greek name GEORGE . GEORGE nicky , you do not come in for a while . everything 's okay ? nicky hello George . you be so healthy and thick - body I want to punch you in the chest . this be my daughter Laurel . just to hear the sound it make . GEORGE I see you picture in the paper . two papers . nicky that mean they be get ready to kill I . GEORGE that 's not what I hear . I have four , five actor work here . ` his best play since " yessiree Bob " I be tell you , they say it . laurel he do not want to hear it . he lead they toward a booth . int . coffee shop - later 16 16 nicky be launch into a full breakfast . Laurel have a tea bag in a cup -- no water . nicky if lawyer for the mob be call controversial , why be divorce lawyer call prominent ? 12 . laurel because they get outstanding settlement . and mother be determine that this time there 's no turn back . nicky I just have breakfast with she . she do not say a word about this . a young waiter recognize nicky and unobtrusively point he out to another waiter . laurel because you refuse to believe she 's serious . you have always refuse . nicky do not be so steely - eye . it 's that course you be take in criminology . laurel oh please . not now . ( beat ) she want you to stop see what 's - her - name . finally . now and forever . do you think that 's too much to ask ? for a wife of nineteen year . nicky you be too young to be study criminal behavior . it 's make you obsessive . laurel she be kick you out . nicky you mother and I have something between we that 's too strong to damage permanently . believe I , I know this . that 's right , nineteen year . and what about the day and minute ? share small moment , share memory , raise a beautiful child . we be wedd in the deep and strongest way . lillian be not only my wife . she 's my best friend . nicky shrug . 13 . laurel bullshit , daddy . int . coffee shop - near the cash register - later 17 17 nicky and Laurel stand on a short line at the cash register , each hold a check . laurel mother will not tell I how long you have be see this person . she 's embarrassed to tell I . so why do not you tell I ? nicky do not call she mother all the time . it make she sound tragic and unforgive . what happen to Mom ? laurel I do not turn she into mother . you do . nicky this person and I be a thing of the total past . I promise you . nicky take Laurel 's check away from she , intend to pay himself . Laurel snatch it back . laurel know what mother say to I ? daddy 's demon be so intense he do not even know he 's lie . ext . the STREET 18 18 Bank tower . the Bank of India , banco di napoli , bear stearn , the Bank of New York , the Chemical Bank , manufacturer hanover . a sense of real institution loom over the busy street . the bank name engrave on bronze marker , carve in granite , incise on glass . Street level . a glimpse of the bronze statue call " taxi on Park Avenue " -- a man with and attache case and raincoat , hail a cab . the real people hail cab , well - dress man and woman stride along with briefcase -- purposeful , successful . 14 . int . taxi 19 19 nicky ride again . nicky it 's life , it 's taxi . people try to make contact , make deal , meet they lover . taxis be sexy . you can not have Manhattan without taxi . I be proud of my taxi . I keep my taxi clean . nicky shift he gaze . he see elliot litvak slinking across the street , look faintly unclean and show a trace of a smile . he watch elliot enter the lobby of the Chemical Bank . int . bank 20 20 elliot be at a cash machine , make a elaborate transaction . nicky appear , approach the adjacent machine . elliot see he . elliot nicky . I be think about you . I go to the preview last night . nicky I do not want to hear about it . nicky attend to he own transaction . elliot ( whisper ) a lovely piece of theater . small but important . nicky shut up , elliot . elliot quietly effective . nicky take he cash and begin to move away . we do not appreciate what they have build for we . we be artist who be too dumb to see that this be the peak moment of western culture . nicky you be a artist . I be a craftsman . 15 . elliot Press a button and they give we money . nicky ride with I . we need a haircut . 21 21 int . taxi stall between Park and madison . the driver have open the door and be stand just outside the cab , try to determine the cause of delay . elliot ( whisper ) how be lillian ? I have not see she . nicky she want a divorce . elliot do not talk like that . nicky it 's over , finish and do with . elliot that sound so final . but be we really surprised ? nicky I be completely stunne . I do not want this to happen . elliot but do not we know it would happen ? nicky do not needle I , elliot . tell I how bad you feel . we be suppose to feel bad together . this be what friend do . elliot ( whisper ) joanna bourne . so rich and crisp . this woman let you touch she body ? you put you hand on she personal part ? nicky hit elliot -- a token blow to the arm . elliot think about it , then hit back . 16 . they swat each other , half kiddingly , each of they lean away from the other to prevent be hit in the face . ext . the STREET 22 22 a whitish brown mist be building the west . there be a sense of scurrying people . 2 3 23 int . taxi the driver re-enter . driver we must abandon . nicky what do you mean , we must abandon ? driver rupture steam pipe . elliot rupture steam pipe . driver asbestos lining . do not inhale . nicky we must abandon . driver contaminate substance . very dangerous . shoot mud . nicky do not inhale . elliot we must abandon . driver rupture steam pipe . nicky very dangerous . elliot asbestos lining . nicky we must abandon . elliot do not inhale . 17 . Driver 's name plate -- bodenheim yehoshafat nicky pay he . 24 24 ext . the STREET the driver flee eastward . nicky and elliot run across madison Avenue . a snowstorm of asbestos be shoot out of a man hole cover west of fifth Avenue , reduce visibility to near zero . Cars and people be white shadow . the two man , with collar raise and hand over head hurry into a restaurant on 47th Street between madison and fifth . 2 int . restaurant - later 5 25 a small narrow room . handsome wall painting -- a tuscan hill town . very slow day . nicky and elliot sit with a carafe of wine , a bottle of mineral water and some bread stick . glancing at menus intermittently . nicky I be try to think . when do you start look so terrible ? you look awful . elliot I can tell you the year , the day , the night , the minute . nicky you use to love life . you do not exude this any more . elliot what do I exude ? nicky suffer . you exude a person who sit in a small dark apartment eat soft white bread . elliot tonight you find out what it mean to suffer . nicky tonight . what 's tonight ? 18 . elliot shit . they do not have any carrot soup . nicky you mean because what 's -his -name . elliot you will suffer because he be in the theater . and you will suffer a thousandfold when he review appear . nicky it 's just a review . elliot it be just a review . do not inhale . very dangerous . nicky what 's the fuss ? I do not get it . elliot that 's what I say eighteen month ago . nicky what happen eighteen month ago ? elliot before he Broadway day . he review the one - act I do at the fulton Fish market . we do this play at four am , outdoors in the rain . one performance . for the fish handler . nicky and he be there ? elliot Steven schwimmer . I memorize every word of this review . nicky that 's awful . elliot I recite it to myself with masochistic relish . 19 . nicky a year and a half later ? you be still brood ? a patron approach the table and stare at nicky with a fix grin of craze recognition . man yessirree Bob ! yessisree Bob ! nicky 's jaw become set and he pour himself a glass of wine as the man back off . elliot you do not know about obscure writer , nicky . how we have we anger to nurture and love . we murderous fantasy for any amount of fame , money , power and sex . the waitress come by . she be paisley porter , attractive , in she mid-twenty . paisley guy ready to order ? elliot paisley porter . I do not know you be wait table . paisley elliot ? elliot ( to nicky ) this be a great young out - of - work actress . aisley elliot litvak . have you be ill ? and Mr. rogan . how nice . nicky what 's good ? paisley we have a very nice pasta today . alla putanesca . elliot say it again . 20 . paisley alla puttanesca . elliot ( to nicky ) be not she great ? what do I tell you ? a talent . int . restaurant - later - same table 26 26 the food have arrive . nicky be eat compulsively -- in contrast to elliot , who sip he mineral water , dab he mouth with a napkin , look around the restaurant between bite . when nicky be finish with he food , he begin pick among the item on elliot 's plate . elliot use he fork to deflect nicky 's fork and the two man have a brief duel with utensil , fencing silently but intently , use knife and spoon to vary action . 2 ext . STREET 7 27 the asbestos mist still cling . Men in protective suit and mask move slowly , like moon walker . halted traffic , abandon car . mud cover the sidewalk and shop window . a gauzy stillness , dreamlike . int . steven schwimmer's loft 28 28 stillness . a slow whirling 360 - degree shot . the kitchen area be empty . the door of the portable toilet be open and no one be inside . the makeshift wardrobe be empty except for four or five hanger with shirt and jacket . there be no one at the desk or exercise bike . a sound , faint but persistent , like a intake of air . the bathroom . the toilet bowl have be rip out and take away , leave a hole in the floor . brownish water drip from the tap into the wash basin , which be indelibly stain . the drip make a two - part sound and it match the rhythm of the intake of air . one-two . pause . one-two . the bathtub have be spray by a graffiti artist . multi-color swirl and arabesque . S teven be sit on a mat in the tub , arm in the air and fold so that he fist be close to he ear . he be in lotus position , breathe in serious meditation -- a deep intake of breath follow by a softer expulsion , match the beat of the drip faucet . he be still wear the sleep mask . 21 . int . restaurant - MAIN room - later 29 29 the kitchen staff be eat at a group of table push together . nicky 's table have be absorb by this cluster and he sit read the sport section in a tabloid and have a espresso with he cigar . elliot , paisley and actor-waiter stand at the small bar in conversation . next to nicky , two kitchen worker talk about the ball game . first man I get a good feel about tonight second man we get ojeda go . he pitch beautiful last time out . first man plus darryl 's due for a big game . nicky I hate the Met . second man how come ? nicky when the Met lose , they just lose . it 's a flat feel . but the Red Sox -- here we have a rich history of interesting way to lose a crucial game . defeat that keep you awake , that pound in you head like the hammer of fate . paisley walk across the room toward the kitchen . nicky pause to watch she , then resume speak . nicky you can analyze a Red Sox defeat day and night for a month and still uncover layer of complex feeling - - feeling you do not know you be capable of . the pain have a memory all of it 's own . ext . shea stadium 30 30 the parking lot be empty . the stand be empty . a few member of the crew move the bat cage into place for bat practice . 22. int . shea stadium - locker room 31 31 the empty visitor 's locker room . uniform hang on the door of the locker in preparation for tonight 's game . we see the 3 name Henderson , stanley , buckner . int . the men' room - a little later 2 32 cramped quarter . intensely claustrophobic . elliot at the urinal . nicky at the hand -dryer . a actor-waiter stand between they at the sink . elliot ( quote Steven schwimmer ) ` one thing save elliot litvak 's work from complete mediocrity , and this be he lack of ambition . ' waiter it get funnier . elliot ( zipping up ) it get funnier . see , nicky ? they chart the laugh . this from a critic who life like a fall monk . whose address be a carefully guard secret . waiter a critic who have to disguise himself . nicky what do you mean ? waiter to go to the theater . wear I do not know what . make - up , pad . nicky why ? waiter because he be so deeply hate by so many people in the business . elliot he have to disguise himself , nicky . waiter for he own safety and peace of mind . 23. the waiter squeeze past and leave . elliot do you want I to tell you what it be like , read that review at the newstand with truck rumbling past and street vendor face Mecca ? nicky what be it like ? elliot I say , ` I be dead ' . he kill I . int . restaurant - later 33 33 elliot stand near the front window , in a shaft of sunlight , examine a white after-dinner candy . he put it in he pocket for later . p aisley eat lunch at the end of the long table , look up to see nicky approach with liqueur and a glass on wine . he sit opposite she , place the wineglass in front of she . nicky you have work with elliot ? paisley I be in the fish-market play . what happen to he ? nicky there be a review . paisley I think I remember . nicky so do elliot . paisley not one of Steven 's finer moment . nicky oh . you know he . paisley a little . nicky and he have finer moment now and then . 24 . paisley he have -- something . a funny little quality I find -- nicky endear . paisley engage . nicky elliot want to kill he with a railroad spike . paisley a little drastic maybe ? nicky say it again . paisley what ? nicky you know what . paisley alla puttanesca . nicky one more time . int . the entrance way - a little later 34 34 elliot watch nicky embrace Giorgio . nicky carry the tabloid he would be read -- the " Daily News " . elliot and nicky stand at the door and watch the whitish mist that continue to linger . elliot be it safe ? nicky do we care ? elliot I think we nought to wait . nicky I say we go . elliot you say we go ? 25 . nicky do not inhale . elliot I be not ready . nicky here we go . they pull up they collar and run outside . ext . STREET - day 35 35 the street be desert . nicky hold the newspaper over he face for protection . each man have a arm in the air , try to hail a taxi . they be stand near a trash receptacle that carry a advertisement for " New York Magazine " . it be a reproduction of the cover that we would glimpse earlier in joanna 's apartment when she may be read the magazine . a furtive man shield he face with the newspaper -- and a headline about a phantom . nicky and elliot do not see the receptacle . a bus come down the street with a large horizontal ad cover its right side . it be the same ad -- five of they actually , five " New York Magazine " cover side by side . elliot be try to hail a cab and do not notice the ad . as the bus bear down , nicky step out of the way , remove the newspaper from he face and get a clear look at the five photo on the side of the bus -- a man conceal he face with a newspaper . nicky read the text under the logo of " New York Magazine " . the phantom who haunt broadway learn to hate Steven schwimmer nicky stare after the bus . another bus come along , carry the same ad . nicky watch darkly . ext . STREET - later 36 36 this be the diamond district . store sign read : antique jewelry we buy diamond gold emporium Wholesale jewelry all brand - name watch reduced 26 . int . the taxi - nicky and elliot 37 37 nicky be read the newspaper . the driver be speak chinese into he two - way radio . squawky reply from the dispatcher in machine gun chinese . elliot the man have take over my mind . he 's not only out there . he 's in my head and I can not get rid of he . I can not write a word without imagine he response . I be paralyze as a artist . nicky I do not have the problem that artist have . lliot you have be say that for year . nicky what ? elliot ( mockingly ) `I be just a professional . a due - play member of a guild . ' because you be afraid , nicky . that 's the darkest part of you . you do not think you be good enough . nicky lower the newspaper . Driver 's nameplate : wu li ext . the STREET 38 38 about a dozen people gather together include several diamond merchant in they beard , black suit and fur hat . they be watch the man in the cutaway dance with he cloth doll . someone place a donation in the cigar box . from the tape player : " Dancing in the Dark . " elliot end up near the gotham Book Mart , on the north side of the street . nicky look right past he into the bookstore window . he see something that interest he . elliot where be you go ? 27 . nicky do not wait efor I . elliot what about the haircut ? int . gotham book mart 39 39 nicky walk along the main aisle , look at a woman stand in the poetry nook . only a few people in the shop . he enter the back room and get a glimpse of a woman walk through the opposite doorway back into the main room . he squeeze past a browser and look through the doorway . someone be just leave the shop . he walk to the rear of the store , where the office be locate . the door be open , the room be empty . he re-enter the main room and see a woman seat on the top step of the stairway that lead to the basement stack . her back be to nicky and she be read a book . he approach slowly and then squat by the doorway to get a closer look at she . she turn . it be paisley porter . int . gotham book mart - a moment later 40 40 nicky and paisley in a corner of the back room . nicky you keep slip away . how do you do that ? paisley I be one of that silent , listen child . glue to the shadow . nicky I be all noise . play the radio loud . battle constantly with my brother and sister . here I be , world . paisley I hear good thing about the new play . 28 . nicky so do i. over and over . paisley Peter redmond be a actor I admire enormously . nicky would you like to meet he ? paisley he do not want to meet some out - of - work ingenue . nicky I be try to prolong we afternoon . in case you have not notice . aisley the fact be , I have to get go . nicky be it true ? paisley be what true ? nicky he wear a disguise . paisley Steven go to extreme to protect he privacy . no friend . no phone . nicky but you be he friend . paisley sort of . sometimes . you be not building a obsession about Steven , be you ? look . I understand open - night jitter , but you have get one of the great actor in american theater star in you play . 4 ext . the barrymore theater 1 41 47th Street between Broadway and eighth Avenue . 29 . int . the barrymore theater - stage entrance 42 42 nicky have be cornere just inside the entrance by the stage manager , a small , fierce woman name renee simon . renee I can not take this anymore . he forget simple line . he forget where to stand . we tell he and tell he and tell he . I know he 's a sweet man . I love Peter . it 's not he fault . but I have never work in a show where the lead man have 4 parasite in he brain . int . the barrymore theater - the orchestra 3 43 nicky sit down in the orchestra , look darkly into space , brood . he survey the set , a work class kitchen , behind it a backdrop of dark street and loom tennament . a portly well - dress man appear , move along the row toward nicky . this be sidney fabrikant , the producer . nicky aybe we ought to postpone the open . sidney joanna love this play . she have sink ton of money . she be completely ncommitted . nicky appreciate that , sidney . but we lead man can not remember he line . and he understudy can not carry the play . nicky look out at the rehearsal in progress on stage . the director , jack haskins and the actor peter redmond ( 50 ) confer , move about gesture and block . sidney I have lunch with joanna . she say she tell you about Peter . you be not concerned , she say . nicky hat be this morning . 30 . sidney so what happen since ? you be worried about this kid who write this review ? nicky look across the theatre . paisley porter sit alone , tenth row center , watch rehearsal with rapt attention . nicky be not worried about this kid . sidney well I be . worried sick . everybody quote Steven schwimmer . he 's here to announce the death of civilization . he kill a play every time he fart . nicky postpone . we have every right . sidney too late . all the element be in place . delay the open and we lose the theater . nicky I have have three straight washout , sidney . sidney ( deliciously ) you be dangle from the last letter of you last name . int . the barrymore theater - the stage - nicky and peter 44 44 redmond - a little later the actor sit on the sofa . nicky on one knee , lean towards he in intimate conversation . nicky sidney remain optimistic . peter sidney . nicky sidney fabrikant . we producer . peter I be educate by nun . 31 . nicky y es . peter I have excellent long - term memory . nicky yes . peter I kiss shirley felder on the tooth . nicky yes , Peter . peter but my parasite be consume all the new memory . eat my line . nicky you have to see the word . try to build a mental picture of the script . imagine you line high - light with a feel tip pen . peter what color ? nicky what be you favorite color crayon , grow up ? peter burnt sienna . nicky mine be cobalt blue . peter this be you history , be not it ? nicky ? all around we . and my parasite be consume it . nicky yes . peter I kiss she while she be laugh . nicky yes . 32 . peter I can see she face so clearly . dear God . my heart be fly out of my chest with love . int . the barrymore theater - the wing 45 45 Jack haskins and Renee Simon renee I hear he get the parasite in burma . jack I hear borneo . renee why do we blame the third World for we parasite ? maybe he get it in Denver or minneapolis . jack maybe he get it in borneo . int . the barrymore theater - the stage 46 46 nicky and Peter still confer . Jack and Renee approach . peter I feel shaky about one line in particular . if I can get past this line . I think I can handle the last long speech . renee which line , Peter ? peter the Son say to the Father , this could be it . nicky and the Father reply ? peter that 's the line I can not ever , for the life of I remember . I just can not get it . jack it 's the same line . the Father simply repeat what the Son say to he . 33. renee this could be it . nicky this could be it . peter I know it sound easy . but something happen between the time I hear the line and the time I be suppose to jrepeat it . ack this could be it . peter ( long pause ) this could be it . jack let 's work on it . peter ( long pause ) let 's work on it . int . the barrymore theater - aisle - a little later 47 47 nicky and paisley porter make they way out of the theatre . aisley do you think he can do it ? nicky I do not know . paisley he 's a very sweet man . nicky where be you go now ? paisley Home . nicky someone wait for you ? paisley no one 's wait . 34 . nicky there 's a certain kind of wounded young man who use he oddness to get laid . be that we Steven ? paisley if I be sleep with he , and I have not say I be , then so what ? nicky ( quietly ) so everything . that 's so what . so I begin to hate he . so I want to do he grave harm . paisley but you do not even know I . how can you care what I do with whom ? nicky I know you both . enough . how much knowledge do it take before a man do something crazy . paisley do you want to talk about do crazy thing . nicky yes . paisley never mind . int . lobby - continuous 48 48 they enter lobby daylight , squint a little . nicky what ? come on , paisley . paisley we Steven not only disguise himself . nicky yes . paisley he go to the theater armed . mute background voice on the lobby PA : Jack haskins and Peter redmond . 35 . jack ( v.o. ) this could pbe it . eter ( v.o. ) this could be it . they look up at the speaker . paisley he feel he have to defend himself if necessary . nicky I be actually beginning to enjoy this . 49 49 ext . barrymore theatre - day Wide of the theater . nicky say goodbye to paisley . reverse angle , elliot watch they from across the street . icky go back inside the theatre . paisley walk west on 47th street . elliot wait for a moment , then follow she . int . steven schwimmer's loft 50 50 the Port -o - San . Steven emerge and go to the stack cardboard box against the wall . his hate mail . he be wear a bath towel like a prayer shawl over he sweat clothes . he drag one of the box to the ratty armchair . he sit in the chair by the filthy window that look west toward the early - set sun . he take a letter from the box , open it , read it , let it fall to the floor . take another letter , open it -- there be a knock at the door . Steven tense , do not move . another knock . he move warily toward the door . paisley ( v.o. ) Steven , it 's I . will you open please . 36 . Steven release the dead - bolt lock and open the door . steven you have come to I . I want to believe you would one day . paisley I have not come to you . steven but you be here . so you must have come to I . 5 1 51 int . steven schwimmer's loft - a little later Steven be back in the chair by the window . paisley nervously prowl the loft . paisley in other word I never understand until today how much pain and anxiety you have be cause with you review . Steven , it 's so unfair . steven of course it 's unfair . the truth be always unfair . why do you think I live this way ? hiding out . stealing electricity from a lamp post . because people who write the truth be outcast of society . I can not live openly , in a nice clean doorman building , with my name on the mailbox . they would come after I in pack . paisley not if you stop hurt people . write the truth gently . steven the truth be never gentle . listen to I carefully . each of we life in the thinnest possible wrapping of wish and dream . Truth be the force that penetrate this wispy skin . it hurt and maim . ( reach down to clutch a fistful of letter ) look how they hate I for tell the truth . it 's a education , paisley . the College of Raw nerves . ( more ) 37 . steven ( cont would ) letter drip blood . cries of revenge . paisley yes . I have see you victim . one past and one future . I think I might convince you to reconsider . steven and I think , at last , she 's here , she want I . paisley I do not want you , Steven . paisley move towards the door . teven stay . teach I to be compassionate . paisley I be go home to my machine . ext . STREET corner cash machine 52 52 elliot look up and see paisley emerge from Steven 's building . he cross the street toward she . W hen paisley see he , she seem to freeze . ext . the barrymore theater 53 53 47th Street between Broadway and eight Avenue . nicky walk slowly backwards , arm raise , try to hail a cab . it be get dark . he glance leave , see a large two - panel poster in front of the theater . one half be a black - and - white photo -- a young nicky rogan , in a tuxedo , hold a award in he raise hand . the other half be all type -- sidewalk the new nicky ogan he see someone enter the theater lobby . it be he daughter Laurel . he follow , catch up to she at the end of a short line of people at the ticket window . nicky Laurel . ticket be all set . I double-check . 38 . laurel thanks , daddy . but I just need one . mother 's not go . nicky open night ? laurel I know -- why should a bitter divorce interfere with tradition ? Laurel reach the window and speak to the clerk . laurel rogan , Laurel . you also have a rogan , lillian . she will not need it . sell it . nicky take it yourself . take a date . aurel I do not have a date . I do not want a date . they leave the window with Laurel 's ticket . nicky and you blame I . it 's because we never talk . let 's talk . laurel I have a class . I be late . nicky can we talk later ? will you be at the party ? laurel I be not sure . she be out the door , hurry across the street . nicky stand under the marquee , call out to she . nicky I will find you . after the show . somewhere . int . taxi 54 54 move very slowly . Driver 's nameplate -- 39 . moshoeshoe ibrhim driver a man be hit the other day by another taxi . I mean he be fly . crash against the windscreen . right here in my face . blood be everywhere . nicky I never leave the garage without my windex . driver I be barrister in kenya . I say to he , get off from here . I can not drive with you body on my windscreen . nicky I drive twelve hour straight through . ate at the wheel . river you have to eat at the wheel . you can not get anywhere . nicky that 's the drama . we be wait for life to continue . where do you pee , ibrahmin ? driver under the Manhattan Bridge . nicky that 's where I peed . ext . the STREET 55 55 47th Street between eighth and ninth Avenue . a hotel , a high school , brownstone with fire escape . 5 int . michael rogan' kitchen 6 56 Michael , nicky 's father , be make a omelette on the old stove . he be push eighty , slow - move , with a two - day stubble . knock at the door . Michael go to the intercom , inch from the door . 40 . michael ( into speaker ) who be it ? nicky ( v.o. ) I be at the door . michael ( into speaker ) go way . I will call a cop . nicky ( v.o. ) pop , will you let I in ? michael ( into speaker ) where the hell be you ? nicky ( v.o. ) right here . at the door . Michael go to the door and look through the peephole . intercut as necessary 57 57 michael what do you want ? nicky it 's I . nicky . michael nicky come on Sunday 's . nicky where be you glass ? go get they . michael if it 's you , what be you do here ? nicky I be on my way to get a haircut . ichael where do nicky get he hair cut ? nicky stand against the door , speak softly into the peephole . 41 . nicky across ninth Avenue . dodgie 's . where you have be get you hair cut for fifty year . where uncle billy and uncle marty get they hair cut . where Jim rorty shot a man for cheating at poker . michael it be rummy , not poker . but I will take a chance and let you in . int . michael rogan' kitchen - later 58 58 Michael be eat he omelette at a small enamel - top table in the kitchen . nicky stand by the boxlike refrigerator , drink a beer . this be the kitchen that be the centerpiece of the theatre set . the new play be nicky 's young life . nicky it 's a constant shock to I , how small this place be . how do we do it ? five people in this little room . michael get yourself something to eat . nicky take some egg out of the refrigerator . nicky we must have be heroic . michael five 's not so many . there be family with seven kid . a grandmother . a dimwit uncle . nicky lillian say it once a week . ` why do not he come live with we ? ' michael you know the answer to that . nicky I do know the answer to that . why do not we watch the ball game later ? we will go to mannion 's . michael they be only gonna lose . 42 . nicky of course they be gonna lose . we will watch they lose . what good be heartbreak if we do not experience it firsthand ? michael the Red Sox be you problem . I never understand about you and the Red Sox . everybody roote for the yankee . nicky be scramble the egg . nicky remember 1949 ? last two game of the season . against the yankee . the Sox lose on Saturday . then they lose on Sunday . first I cry for twenty - four hour . then I have fist - fight the rest of the week . michael it 's one thing for kid . you get older , you nhave other thing . nicky it 's all connect , pop . it 's one life . Baseball be memory . how do father and son show they love ? they go to a ball game together . thirty - five year later , they sit in the kitchen and remember . michael but the son be suppose to stop cry . nicky I could have grow up happy . a yankee fan . a divorce lawyer . nicky see he father 's glass on a shelf above the stove . he put they on the table . nicky you will need this . tonight . for the play . michael do not make I sit through one of you play . 43. nicky hey , pop . I know you do not like the commotion of open night . but I especially want you to see this play . it 's new territory for I . and for you too . I have to know what you think . michael since when do that matter ? nicky let 's not start that again . michael my back be kill I . nicky where 's you elastic brace ? michael I can not find it . nicky you be suppose to wear it when you back give you trouble . michael I lose it . I lose everything . nicky I will go get you another one . you have to wear it . nicky take a roll off the counter , make a sandwich for he scramble egg , take a bite and head for the door . nicky be right back . take a good look at I . Michael put on he glass . michael so I know who I be let in . nicky leave the apartment . ext . the STREET 59 59 the man in the cutaway dance with he doll . the tape machine play " in the still of the night . 44 . " the street be completely empty except for the dancer . nicky , a small paper bag in he hand , reenter he father 's building . int . michael rogan' live room 60 60 the room bear some resemblance to the live room set at the barrymore . Michael sit at the end of the sofa , weary . nicky be take a athletic bandage -- about four foot long and three inch wide -- out of the package . he sit in a chair that be set perpendicular to Michael 's end of the sofa , so that nicky be look at he father in profile . michael ` why do not he come live with we ? ' because everything be here . nicky I know , pop . michael I be lucky they do not knock down the building . it could happen anytime . and everything worth remember be right here . nicky I think the building 's okay . at least for the time be . michael you do not think it be okay when you live here . you want to get out so fast I think you be run a marathon . nicky normal boy 's ambition . I like come back . you know that . michael you tell you friend you father use to work the dock . calluse hand . but you have a attitude when you be grow up that be not easy for you mother and I to understand . nicky be gradually unbuttone he father 's shirt so that he can wrap the bandage around the old man 's chest and back . E 45 . nicky I be in a hurry to do big thing , make big mistake . any mistake be okay as long as it be big . but I be try to see this thing clearly and honestly . that 's the play they be go to kill start tonight . there 's a guy out there get ready to rip it apart . and that 's we . who we be and where we come from . michael so what be you go to do about it ? nicky what do you want I to do ? michael show he who we be . nicky take off the shirt . Michael struggle out of he T-shirt and we see that he be wear the elastic bandage he think he have lose . he be sit with he head tilt up , eye close , and be unaware that he be wear the bandage . nicky take the new bandage , wind it tightly and put it back in the box . his father have go to sleep . ext . STREET build 61 61 it be dark and cold . nicky emerge and walk west , diagonally across the street , to a barbershop on the other side of ninth Avenue . lliot be on the stoop wait for he . int . the barber shop 62 62 nicky sit in the barber chair . elliot pull up a customer 's chair and sit with he back to the mirror , more or less face nicky . the barber , a elderly hawk - eye man name dodgie , begin he preparation for nicky 's haircut . nicky he carry a gun . 46 . elliot then you should carry a gun . he place the sheet over nicky 's upper body and fasten it at the neck . nicky I use to carry a gun when I drive a cab . elliot where be it ? nicky I give it away . I think , I be a writer now . elliot that be a big mistake . dodgie you should never be without a gun . in this city ? elliot if he carry a gun , you have to carry a gun . nicky we be make too much of this . elliot no , we be not . nicky I be not a lonely spooky writer like you . nursing a hundred grudge . I be a man who love life . elliot we be talk about something deeper than grudge . how do we respond to personal attack ? dodgie in this city ? and you do not carry a gun ? elliot how do we maintain we dignity and self - respect ? 47 . nicky in other word why should we suffer silently at this kind of abuse ? the man be out there ruin life . elliot it 's you best play , nicky . nicky he will hate it . elliot he will kill it . he will write a review so devastating it will shatter you career and cause the most unmanageable psychic grief . what happen to you apartment on the East River ? you house in Connecticut , where you watch thing grow . dodgie go to the cabinet on which the cash register sit . he open the cabinet door , slide out a drawer and remove some hand towel . there be something there he want nicky to see . a old pockmark revolver . nicky see the gun . nicky we be think of put in a pool . elliot ( quote ) ` the most interesting thing about elliot litvak be that he write the way he look -- fuzzy , grubby and shifty - eye . ' ( beat ) I be tell you as a friend . nicky what ? elliot there be thing that speak to we from the past . dodgie in this city you do not walk five foot out the door and there be somebody try to take what 's yours . 48 . elliot you truth be lock in you past . find it . know it for what it be . ( beat ) shoot he , nicky . nicky shoot he . elliot the american theater do not need people like that . nicky shoot he , nicky . not that we really mean it . but where do he live ? elliot keep go west . last building before the river . nicky how do you eknow . lliot paisley porter . nicky what do you mean ? elliot about a hour and a half ago . I see she come out of a place . she say she be visit a friend . but she would not tell I who . nicky have to be he . elliot she be very evasive . nicky get out of the chair . dodgie remove the sheet for he and elliot smooth down he clothes and hair , like a pair of groom attend a warrior . nicky go to the cabinet , get the gun . he return to the chair . nicky I be enjoy this more every minute . 49 . elliot take a after-dinner candy out of he pocket -- the candy he pockete in the italian restaurant after lunch . he blow the lint off and eat it . dodgie how do you want the sideburn . nicky elegant and refine . 63 63 ext . shea stadium crowd of people pour down the ramp from the train station , hurry , late . the umpire 's room -- six man nibble cookie , smoking a last - minute cigarette , adjust equipment . a unidentified room somewhere in there lower reach of the stadium . twenty case of great western champagne stack and ready for the postgame celebration . int . steven schwimmer's loft 64 64 Steven shave . he do it symmetrically . a stroke under the leave sideburn ; a stroke under the right sideburn . Left side of jaw ; right side of jaw . Steven stand in he short , apply putty to he jaw to make it square . then a false mustache and a wavy blond hairpiece . then a thick bronze makeup paste . Steven in front of a full - length mirror near the bed , put on a bulletproof vest , which give he a solid appearance , bulk he cave - in chest and conceal he pot belly . Steven put on black trousers , a brash shirt with a bright bow tie , which he tip slightly askew . a pair of black and white shoe with elevator heel . then he shoulder holster . Steven lean over the coffee table , insert bullet into the chamber of the revolver . with the gun in he holster , he stand in front of the mirror . take the gun out , aim it , put it back in the holster . do a dazzle karate move . Steven put on a metallic rayon sport coat . a long silk scarf . we see a handsome , dash young man . 50 . he put on a pair of dark glass and head for the door . ext . the barrymore 65 65 pene night crowd . the sidewalk be mobbed . limousine and taxi pull up . Men in tuxedo , other man scalping ticket . the tv crew with a female reporter do interview : talk to joanna bourne and sidney fabrikant . a couple of ten-year- old break dancer entertain the well heele open night crowd . 6 6 66 int . taxi stuck in traffic . nicky in the rear seat . the driver be a black woman around fifty . next to she in the front seat be she grandson , Matthew , who be ten . the interior of the taxi be homelike . a plastic drink cup magnetically roote to the dashboard . a small battery - operate fan next to the cup . the steering wheel be upholster . there be family photograph on the dashboard and visor . Matthew 's schoolbook be next to he on the front seat . he be do he homework . Driver 's name plate -- moseby toyota nicky I love my taxi . a checker cab . Big and rumbly . toyota I be look at you try to think . put you face in the mirror . I know I recognize you from somewhere . nicky everybody else do . why not you ? toyota you be frankie lazzaro . the gangster from rhode Island . nicky oh yeah ? 51 . toyota Matthew , look at he . when I live in roxbury , the media follow this man everywhere . he be bigger than ten movie star . ( to nicky ) where 's you white lincoln limo ? nicky be delighted at the mistake and alter he voice slightly , use a gangsterish inflection . nicky ( to Matthew ) some little kid steal the hubcap . toyota the most charming gangster in New England . where be we go , Mr. lazzaro ? nicky call I frankie . and it look like we be go nowhere . toyota might be a accident on the West side highway . nicky how come you get the kid with you ? toyota Matthew 's my grandson . nicky a grandmother . God bless you . toyota he do bless I , each and every day . Matthew 's mother work a hospital shift , so I pick he up at school . we stop for a meal usually around this time . he do he homework and get some experience meeting people . but we never have a famous mobster before . nicky it 's the kid 's lucky day . toyota this be one charming crook . if shoot people be charming . 52 . nicky now that 's a complicated subject . toyota that 's a simple subject . nicky look , we be stick here front and back . it 's dinnertime for you , game time for I . let 's park the cab and go to mannion 's . what do you say , Matthew ? we will drink beer and talk baseball . grainy image 67 67 fill the screen . actual footage . a man in a parachute come down on a expanse of grass . it be the infield at Shea Stadium . he carry a sign read " let 's go , Met " . Security man hustle the parachutist off the field and into the Met dugout as the game begin . int . manion' old timer tavern 68 68 we see that the image be on a tv screen over the bar . the place be crowded , a neighborhood tavern . near the door : nicky embrace the owner , a beefy man name georgie . people come and go . nicky georgie . georgie nicky , God bless . you be well ? you family 's well ? that 's all that count . nicky be you absolutely sure ? georgie hey . I love this guy . be good . stay well . I be serious : give my best to everybody . they embrace . face lining the bar . tv image from the game . 53. people at table stand occasionally for a better look at the game . int . manion be old timer tavern - the table - later 69 69 nicky sit face Toyota and Matthew . a young waiter be place they food on the table . matthew what happen if somebody come in here right now and shoot you ? nicky this place become famous . Tour bus . blind people feel around for bullet hole in the wall . toyota you see what you be do , do not you ? nicky what be I do ? toyota you be charming the boy . nicky hey , Toyota . he ask I a question . toyota frankie lazzaro . come down the courthouse step every day in the media . Children see this . they think you be the Secretary of the treasury . nicky that 's my cousin , angelo . int . the barrymore theater - dressing room 70 70 the actor Peter redmond and the director Jack haskins . a second actor , who be about fifteen , witness the exchange . jack this could be it . peter this could be it . 54 . jack this could be it . peter this could be it . jack do it feel comfortable ? peter do what feel comfortable ? jack this could be it . peter this could be it . int . manion be old timer tavern - the MAIN room - later 71 71 people cluster around tv set . raucous noise . a waiter with a tray of food stand transfix , watch the game . nicky be now sit next to Matthew and they be watch the game . matthew what 's it like to shoot somebody ? nicky I respect a kid who do he homework in a taxi . but let 's put a lid on the question . toyota go on , tell he . tell the truth . tell he how you feel , shoot a piece of hot metal in somebody 's flesh who be once a child , who be once the same age as this boy . somebody 's flesh who be innocent once . nicky it 's complicated . it 's a whole life . a person do not commit a act of violence out of nowhere . there be strong force at work . 55 . tv audio : derisive shout from the stadium crowd direct at a Red Sox player . action on the field . tv voice Dew -eeey ! rog-errr ! the bar crowd pick up the chant . tv image . the Red Sox have score and lead 2 - 0 . int . manion be old timer tavern - the table 72 72 nicky stand to see the action better . his jacket swing open and Toyota see the revolver tuck into he waistband . int . the barrymore 73 73 eople seating themselves in the orchestra . noise from the tavern tv continue to be hear from the subjective viewpoint of a man in the theater who have a miniature tv and earphone . Steven schwimmer in a aisle seat in the orchestra . he see paisley sit in the theatre some distance away . House light go down . two figure hurry down the aisle . a usher lead a young woman . the woman be Laurel rogan , nicky 's daughter , wear she headset antennas . Laurel squeeze past some people and take she seat , and Steven , sit three row back , watch she with interest . the curtain come open . int . manion be old timer tavern - later 74 74 cheer from the bar crowd . nicky be a little dishevel . he have finish he dinner and be eat from Toyota 's plate finish and watch the game . toyota you be a family man , frankie ? nicky wife and daughter . my father 's still alive . ( more ) 56 . nicky ( cont would ) he outlive I , start tonight . because the Met just tie the score . it be only a matter of time , be not it ? toyota a how many year do it take a person to make he family safe and secure and happy , and then in one dumb moment , what do he do ? nicky I do not know Toyota . what do he do ? toyota and the people he hurt the most be the people who love he . despite who he be and what he do for a live . we be always say we want to take control of we life . you do not want to take control . you want to lose control . Jesus know it . nicky be stand again but he 's not look at the tv screen this time . his gaze be direct at someone who have just enter the tavern . a woman stand at the entrance , middle - age and somewhat anxious , look for someone . she be lillian rogan , nicky 's wife . nicky it 's a complicated subject . toyota it 's a simple subject . nicky gesture that he will be right back . int . manion be old timer tavern - the booth 75 75 lillian you father say you might be here . nicky two - all after six . lillian I have be look for you because I want to let you know what 's be go on before you read about it in a gossip column . 57 . nicky we strand five runner in the first two inning . this will come back to haunt we . lillian I want to be fair-minded , nicky . nicky all right . what 's be go on ? lillian I have be talk to a prominent divorce lawyer . nicky how prominent ? lillian he have he own submarine . I will be get everything that matter . I will get New York and I will get Connecticut . happy roar from the bar crowd . a young waiter arrive with menus . nicky I will have whatever she 's have . lillian ( to waiter ) I do not want to be responsible for he food . just a small green salad . and a perrier . nicky bring I the bay scallop with mercury poisoning . waiter yessiree , Bob . nicky get the hell out of here . I do not want you bring we food . send a real waiter . int . manion be old timer tavern - the bar 76 76 tv image : action on the field . 58 . crowd at the bar . noise like a massive pulse beat . bar crowd pick up chant from stadium crowd . bar voice rog-errrr ! dew-eeey ! int . manion be old timer tavern - the booth - later 77 77 dinner have arrive with a bottle of wine . a cigarette burn in the ashtray in front of lillian . nicky open night , lillian . lillian who the hell care ? nicky the whole thing be my fault . I take unfair advantage of you patience and understanding . you understand I . lillian that 's always be my problem . nicky and you have be extremely patient . lillian you know why , do not you ? because I be patient , chain -smoke lillian . nicky you smoke because I smoke . we be fall in love , remember ? I use to see certain movie only because you have see they . I want to see what you see . lillian I would forget that . nicky I go because you go . you smoke because I smoke . lillian that 's very lovely actually . 59 . nicky Laurel want we to be honest and open . let 's be open with each other . lillian be open with I . I would like that . nicky there may be thing you would rather not know about . lillian I want to know . we have not talk this way in year . nicky I have a affair -- be you sure you want to hear this ? lillian joanne bourne . nicky alma wetzel . lillian nicky , no . this be insupportable . how could you ? nicky I be a man . she 's , you know , a woman . lillian she 's my gynecologist . lillian begin to weep lightly . nicky I be really , deeply sorry . lillian it violate so many trust . nicky it be a animal thing . no real intimacy . lillian I never think of Dr. wetzel as have a sex life outside the office . 60 . nicky we do it in the office . she think she apartment be too impersonal . lillian I be glad we be have this talk . nicky I feel great . I feel impeccably alive . I be elate . eat something . please . I love you . 7 8 78 int . manion be old timer tavern - the bar moan from the bar crowd . tv image . scoreboard : Red Sox lead 3 - 2 in the seventh inning . ext . the STREET 79 79 nicky with one arm raise , hail a taxi . he and lillian kiss sweetly . a taxi pull up and lillian get in . she and nicky hold hand through the window . lillian you look awful , sweetheart . get a haircut . get a lawyer . across the street , the man in the cutaway be dance with he doll . the tape machine play , " in the wee small hour of the Morning . " int . manion be old timer tavern 80 80 nicky rejoin Toyota and Matthew . he carry the wine bottle and he glass . matthew great game . Red Sox be win . nicky they be always win . until they lose . toyota you problem be you take the easy way out . lose be easy . 61 . nicky win be easy . lose be complicated . it 's a lifetime 's work . toyota it may be work but it 's not honest work . faith be the real work . matthew clemen have a blister . look . they be pinch-hitting for he . tv screen Mike greenwell come up to hit for clemen . two pitch , two strike . nicky he 's a twenty - four-game winner . he pitch seven solid inning . we scratch out a one - run lead . of course he get a blister . of course they put up greenwell even though baylor 's sit on the bench . of course greenwell strike out . third pitch . greenwell strike out . int . manion be old timer tavern - the table 81 81 toyota you make he strike out . you wish it on he . you want to lose . it 's too hard for you to believe in something . it 's hard to have faith . it 's hard nwork to trust somebody . nicky ( recite ) " it look extremely rocky for the Boston nine that day . " toyota you be afraid to risk believe . believe in they . believe in you self . take a risk . it will humanize you as a person . nicky I want to believe . 62 . toyota if you believe , you would not be walk around with a handgun in you belt . what do that tell I ? you want to make the night come down . 82 82 int . the barrymore iew from the wing . Jack haskins and Renee Simon look on . the stage . Peter redmond as the Father sit at the end of the sofa . the fifteen - year- old actor who play the Son approach he , sit on a footstool and lean close . father I always think a night 's sleep be what you get for a hard day 's work . but this last week I lie there helpless . hour after hour . I have come close to praying for the first time since I be you age . pray to God to put sme out . son I talk to the doctor again , pop . he say she 's not get any better . he want to talk to you . I think he mean right away . father how bad be she ? son this could be it . Peter stare at the Son , a look of desolation slowly enter he face . in the wing , Renee look at Jack . she be equally desolate . int . the barrymore - the orchestra seat 83 83 Laurel in the audience lean forward , wait for the next line . teven schwimmer watch , give nothing away . int . the barrymore - the stage 84 84 eter stare at the Son . the Son look increasingly bewilder . 63. sound of cough in the audience . int . the barrymore - the wing 85 85 Renee take a newspaper off a chair , offer a section to Jack , keep the rest for herself . 8 sound of cough intensify . int . manion be old timer tavern 6 86 boisterous noise from the bar crowd . two woman exchange high fives . tv image . scoreboard : 3 - 3 after nine inning . int . manion be old timer tavern - the table 87 87 nicky be finish he wine . Matthew be next to he , stand . toyota say it and you will believe it . life be good . say it . nicky I want to say it because my whole life may depend on this next few moment . toyota then say it . nicky life be good . toyota speak it like it 's real . Matthew . matthew life be good . nicky life be good . raucous , mock cry from the bar crowd . bar crowd hen-duuu ! hen-duuu ! 64 . toyota what be people ? nicky I do not know . toyota Matthew . matthew people be dependable . nicky I do not know if I can say that . toyota people be dependable . matthew people be dependable . nicky let 's see what Henderson do . tv screen Dave Henderson stand at the plate to lead off the Red Sox tenth . 8 int . manion be old timer tavern - the table 8 88 a real waiter arrive -- obese , slow -move , with hair curling out of he ear -- and he bring ice cream for Matthew , coffee for Toyota and a stinger for nicky . nicky finally , I get a waiter who do not know " macbeth " . waiter but I know you , do not I ? I see you on a poster in the theater district . I will think of you name in just a -- nicky lift he hand to stop the man . nicky you know - bar crowd hen-duuu ! 65 . then a moan and deep silence . nicky disengage from the altercation and look at the tv screen . tv screen Dave Henderson have hit a home run and the Red Sox now lead 4 - 3 . 89 89 int . manion be old timer tavern - the table Toyota and Matthew be jubilant , and nicky be quick to join they . it be the only lively table in the place . matthew people be dependable . toyota life be good . nicky Baseball be life . tv screen the Red Sox push across another run when Barrett singles , drive home bogg . nicky enjoy you ice cream , kid . when you be a old man it will come back to you . the same deep sweet soft toothy taste . and you will remember where you be and what you see . scoreboard show : Red Sox 5 , Met 3 , go into the last of the tenth . int . the barrymore 90 90 he theater be nearly emptied out . a few people still head toward the exit . Laurel rogan remain seat , wear she headset , listen to the ball game . she be concentrate deeply , fist clench . only one other person be still seat , three row back . it be Steven and he be look intently at Laurel . the house light dim . 66 . int . manion be old timer tavern 91 91 Toyota , Matthew and nicky be huddle closely , watch the screen . Matthew be seat now and nicky lean over he from behind , frame the boy 's head in he hand so that Matthew 's attention will be direct unswervingly to the action on the screen . the bar crowd be somber . nicky drop he mob accent . nicky this be something no one have be privileged to see in almost seventy year . very few people now alive can say that they have see what you be about to see , Matthew . the Red Sox win a World Series . this be deeply , intensely personal . all the mistake I have make , all the envy , fear and violence that 's encase in this little envelope we call a person -- all wash away in the next few minute . and you grandmother know why . toyota because God love a winner . nicky he use to love loser . but the law of physics change . tv screen backman fly out to Jim Rice . one out . int . manion be old timer tavern - the table 92 92 nicky backman fly to Rice . it 's like a beautiful song lyric . tv screen hernandez fly out to Henderson . 67 . int . manion be old timer tavern - the table 93 93 nicky all the time I die when the Red Sox lose a important game they should have win . all the awful thing I say to my mother and father . to tmy wife and daughter . toyota washed away . nicky because life be good . toyota because faith be reward . int . red sox locker room 94 94 attendant put plastic in front of the locker to prevent champagne damage . camera crew set up . Men wheeling the twenty case of champagne into the clubhouse . a man peel foil from the top of the bottle . int . manion be old timer tavern - the table 95 95 nicky all the failure , all the fatalism . matthew washed away . nicky one more out . tv screen Carter singles to leave . the bar crowd remain silent . nicky ( v.o. ) one more out . one more out . Mitchell singles to center . slight stir among the bar patron . a few people , about to exit , return to the bar . 68 . toyota ( o.s. ) it 's all right , frankie . just a little touch of suspense . life be good . matthew ( o.s. ) Baseball be life . nicky ( o.s. ) one more little out . a nubber . a pop-up . all year long , thousand of out . we want one more little out . knight singles to right center . Carter score and Mitchell go to third . the score be 5 - 4 . the whole tavern be rock . int . manion be old timer tavern - the table 96 96 toyota do not worry . it 's a test . nicky it 's a test all right . they be bring in stanley . tv screen Bob stanley trot in from the bullpen . nicky ( o.s. ) it 's stanley . it 's the steamer . fate have speak to this man in the depth of the night . matthew ( o.s. ) what do it say ? nicky ( o.s. ) a thousand thing . int . manion be old timer tavern - the table 97 97 matthew you be hurt my head . nicky release he grip on Matthew 's head . the bar crowd begin to chant . bar voice mookie , mookie , mookie , mookie ! 69 . tv screen mookie Wilson stand in against Bob stanley . matthew ( o.s. ) we be still win . that 's what count . first pitch to Wilson -- he swing and miss . silence from the bar crowd , cheer from nicky 's table . second pitch to Wilson -- he foul it off . no ball , two strike . sound begin to fade . Wilson foul off a pitch . Wilson take a ball , outside . Wilson foul off another pitch . absolute , unnatural silence . stanley prepare to throw . the silence suddenly break and for the first time we hear the tv announcer clearly . announcer 1 the Sox be one pitch away . announcer 2 one pitch away . announcer 1 stanley 's get ready . announcer 2 this could be it . announcer 1 this could be it . int . manion be old timer tavern - the table 98 98 nicky recognize the line from he play . nicky this could be it ! matthew this could be it ! toyota this could be it ! nicky this could be it ! 70 . nicky be charge with excitement , hearing the line as a favorable sign , a positive connection between the play and the game . tv screen stanley wind up and throw . it 's a wild pitch . Mitchell come in from third with the tie run . the bar crowd erupt in cheer . int . manion be old timer tavern - the table 99 99 shock and dread . matthew it 's all right . it 's a tie game . we can still win it next inning . nicky drink he stinger . bar crowd mookie , mookie , mookie , mookie ! toyota this be the time . trust in people . believe in life . faith be hard work . do not give in . do not give up . matthew life be true . nicky life be real . toyota trust you team . tv screen stanley deliver to Wilson . sound fade away . action be in super slow motion . Wilson swing and hit a bounce ball toward first base . stanley move off the mound to cover first . Wilson drop he bat and race down the line . Bill buckner , the first baseman , range to he leave to field the ball . int . manion be old timer tavern - the table 100 100 nicky watch as if in a trance . complete silence around he . he be separate from everybody else , the only clearly define figure in a group of shadowy and indistinct people . 71 . tv screen nicky 's viewpoint . a image of Bill buckner in silvery light expand out of the tv screen to fill the larger environment . move soundlessly in slow motion , buckner field the bounce ball and head toward the bag . he beat Wilson to the base by a eyelash and the inning end with the team tie at 5 - 5 . frozen moment : buckner hold he glove hand aloft , the ball securely grip . in the drama of the moment , buckner seem to be cry out a word or name , but he face be twisted with tension and exertion and we can not make out what he be say . int . the barrymore 101 101 Laurel rogan , see from behind , be somewhat slump in she seat . she turn off the radio , remove the headset and rise . she move along the row toward the aisle . she appear to be the only person in the theater . she move trudgingly up the aisle toward the exit . at the head of the aisle she be startle by a figure stand in dimness . it be Steven schwimmer . they look at each other . sound of the clean crew in the lobby and then a door open at the rear of the orchestra . Light from a flashlight play across the seat and wall . the beam hit Laurel first and then Steven . the beam hold on Steven . what Laurel see be a strikingly handsome young man , dramatically light . he take off he dark glass , so she can see he eye . int . manion be old timer tavern - men' room 102 102 cramped space . nicky at the washbasin , dishevel but happy , wash he face . one man at the urinal . second man behind he , wait he turn . nicky drying he face with a paper towel . nicky great game . first man unbelievable . 72 . nicky classic . second man scintillate . first man I still do not believe it . nicky have to hurry back . second man hurry back . hurry back to what ? nicky eleventh inning . what else ? first man ( zipping up ) I think you be a little confuse . nothing personal friend . nicky what be you talk about ? first man what be we talk about ? nicky yes . what be you imply ? the second man approach the urinal . second man game six be history , pal . nicky you be not make sense . first man we be not make sense . second man do you see mookie hit the ball ? nicky of course I see it . first man do you see the win run score ? 73. nicky you be not make sense . make sense . nicky throw he paper towel at the man . no one move . they be try to interpret this action . nicky you be imply I miss something . what do I fmiss ? irst man you miss the boat , popeye the sailorman . nicky charge the man . he and the first man wrestle each other into the stall . second man hold he till I zip up , Tommy . nicky and the first man be grapple in the stall . second man hurriedly wash he hand at the basin . nicky Baseball be life . life be good . Al three man in the stall , wrestle . nicky have one foot in the bowl as someone 's elbow strike the handle and the toilet flush . int . manion be old timer tavern - the bar area - a little 103 103 later the crowd be slowly break up . a few people still cluster near the tv set , which be show replay . nicky be stand alone near a small set at the back on the room . his clothing tear and stain . one shoe and pants leg drip wet . a bruise on he forehead . he be watch a replay . tv screen Wilson hit the ball . it bounce twice , then go under buckner 's glove . knight score from the third with the win run . a 6 - 5 victory for the Met . the main light in the tavern go out . the tv set keep replaying buckner 's error . regular speed , slow motion , color , black and white . 74 . nicky stand in the darkness , brood . ext . loft build 104 104 the condemn building where Steven schwimmer life . the street be desert . 105 105 int . steven' loft Steven and Laurel on the sofa . he be unbuttone she blouse . two source of light . a candle on the coffee table . the small tv set on the counter -- show a newscast , with sound turn off . laurel why will not you tell I you name ? steven it 's only we first date . Steven undoe the last button . laurel I be willing to tell you my name . steven name be incredibly intimate . we barely know each other . trust I on this . she decide she will trust he . they kiss softly . laurel you have to tell I what you think of the play . steven first you tell I . laurel brilliantly move . she begin to remove he jacket . steven what else ? laurel pack a emotional wallop . steven what else ? 75 . laurel a flat - out hit . together they get he jacket off . steven be you majore in theater criticism . Laurel see the shoulder holster and gun . laurel criminology . they kiss passionately . steven if you be wonder about the firearm . laurel yes . steven this building be not secure . they be all over the sofa , work on the removal of Steven 's shirt . int . the entranceway 106 106 nicky make he way past the debris . the front door be go , the inner door smashed and batter -- door knob go and lock mechanism rip out . he start up the stair past a dead or sleep body . int . the loft 107 107 on the sofa , Laurel be straddle Steven , whose shirt be almost completely off , expose he bulletproof vest . Laurel be blouseless and barefoot , with she unzip skirt still on and she bra dangle from one shoulder . laurel I have this thing where I have to know a person be be honest with I before , you know , I can feel completely free to be myself . 76 . steven we be stranger in the night . the last thing we want be honesty . laurel what do we want ? steven mystery . deception . laurel deception be not something I personally consider sexy . steven what 's sexy ? laurel know who a person be . down deep . steven even if the truth about a person be sad or depress or shocking ? laurel you will not even tell I you name . what 's shocking about a name ? Steven maneuver himself into a sit position so that he and Laurel face each other at equal height and at close quarter . steven even if the truth require a certain adjustment ? Steven begin remove the cosmetic putty around he naturally shallow chin . he use Laurel 's hair clip to scrape he jaw clean . then he peel off he fake mustache . and borrow Laurel 's dangle bra cup to wipe the bronz agent off he face . int . the landing 108 108 nicky stand with he back to Steven 's door . his gun be out . he hold it up near he face , muzzle point up . he look at the gun as if it have feeling and personality , and he speak to it as to a sympathetic friend . nicky I use to go to the movie all the time . ( more ) 77 . nicky ( cont would ) I see a hundred situation like this . a man and a gun -- and a lock door . Lee marvin or Steve mcqueen . and I use to say to lillian because we go to a hundred movie that we see together or that I see because she have see they , and I would say , ` watch he kick in the door with one kick , ' and it might be Steve mcqueen or Jeff Chandler , hold the gun up like this , and he would turn and kick the door and it would fly open at once , and I would say to lillian , `how completely phony . whoever make this movie have no idea how hard it be to kick in a actual door in real life . ' I still love lillian . but it 's not easy to kick in a door . I know they would lose and they lose , so what be we so upset about ? they lose tonight , they will lose tomorrow . it 's write on the wind . 1 int . the loft 09 109 Laurel be on she foot , back away slightly . Steven remove he shoe and stand in he stock foot , noticeably short than he would be earlier . he begin to unstrap the bulletproof vest , cause Laurel to retreat further . int . the landing 110 110 nicky this wife name lillian . I use to say to she , ` you do not kick a door once or twice and expect it to open . it 's only in the movie a man can kick in a door with such amazing ease . because a real door require a tremendous and prolong pound before it finally give way . ' he 's a great player ... how could that ball go through he leg ? nicky turn , step back and kick the door . it open at once . 78 . int . the loft 111 111 Steven and Laurel be briefly immobilize by shock as the door come fly open . nicky move toward the candle - light couple . Laurel realize who he be and stand by the sofa . she zip she skirt . nicky be try to understand what he see , then he get it . nicky ( quiet ) Laurel . nicky hold he gun hand aloft , repeat the image of Bill buckner with the baseball in he glove -- nicky 's hallucination . then nicky issue a cry , a sound from the time before human acquire language . it be the audible anguish of he life , from the fetus onward . we hear what he be say in overlap echoe and we realize he be cry out a name . we recognize the look on he face and the formation of syllable on he lip as element we would see earlier -- on buckner 's face when he shout something as he make N the " third out " of the tenth inning . nicky ste-vennnn schwim-merrrr ! Laurel react with horror to the revelation of Steven 's identity . she rearrange she bra . nicky stumble , drop he gun . it go off . Steven flee toward the shadow at the back of the loft , he hand move toward the gun in he shoulder holster . nicky pick up he gun and begin to stalk he . Steven fire twice strike a nearby lamp . the room be dark now . lit only by the blue glow of the tv . the tv sport roundup , which have be show football highlight , have switch to baseball -- highlight of the Red Sox - Met . nicky reach Laurel . 79 . nicky ( cry out ) this be my daughterrrrr ! Steven be wide - eye at the news . laurel I do not think he know , daddy . nicky see the photo of Steven and he cat . he shoot twice , blow it away . laurel daddy , I be sorry . but he be so beautiful . I trust he . when I see what he really look like -- a voice from shadow : steven ( os ) be I really so deeply repugnant ? laurel yes . nicky go home , Laurel . tell you mother I will be late . nicky walk toward Steven 's voice , toward the shadow . nicky you be go to die . you be a dead man . you be dead . he notice Laurel follow behind he . nicky look . I be sorry you keep run into dishonest man . but you be only eighteen . we can still turn it around . laurel except I will not have a father anymore . nicky I will see you all the time . I will get a place right nearby . one room . no distraction . we will talk . 80 . he shout into the darkness . nicky you're dead ! Laurel put she hand on he shoulder . laurel what will we talk about ? nicky everything . nicky see one of the New York Magazine ad , Steven schwimmer 's face mount on the cardboard . he fire three time , wiping out schwimmer 's eye . laurel will I believe you when you tell I something ? nicky there 's nothing leave for I to lie about . nicky start into the darkness only to see Steven emerge from the shadow , he gun lower . oddly , he seem distract by something on another part of the room . he be look at the tv set on the counter . nicky watch he approach the kitchen area . he follow , gun raise . Steven sit on a stool to watch tv . nicky approach warily , he gun aim at Steven 's head , which be blue - light by the tv screen . nicky you be dead . I see you on a morgue slab drain of all fluid . Laurel follow at a distance to see what they be so interested in . nicky put the gun muzzle flush against Steven 's temple . nicky I see the outline of you body in chalk on this very floor . 81 . laurel ( whisper ) daddy , wait . Steven be watch slow-motion footage of Bill buckner miss the slow roller . steven then they lose ? nicky why do it matter ? steven if they lose tonight , they will lose tomorrow . it 's all over . nicky why do you care ? steven they be my team . nicky no . they be not you team . they be my team . nicky cock the hammer . steven they be my team , too . I grow up on boyleston Street . right by Fenway Park . I go to fifty or sixty game a year . all by myself . I be one of that kid with scabby elbow . I call out to the player . ` look over here . hi , I be Steven . my parent be divorced . ' nicky I go to college in Boston so I could be near the Red Sox . I take summer class and the cut they to go to the game . my wife be from Boston . lillian Ziegler ? steven the Red Sox be my world . I surrender my existence to a team that could not win the big one . 82. nicky if you be such a devote fan , why be you at the play tonight instead of the game ? answer carefully . this be important . you could have go to the theater last night . there be no game last night . steven because I can not bear to watch . when they lose , I die inside . it 's like some little person name Steve just crumple up and die . I wait for the score . I still die , hearing the score , but it 's over in a second . I can not survive the game pitch by pitch , inning by inning . I have do it too many time . and I can not do it anymore . nicky lower the gun . nicky I be six year old the day pesky hesitate throw home and slaughter score all the way from first . that 's when I know the Red Sox be my team . pity and terror . steven when I travel through Asia this summer , I go to tremendous trouble and expense to rent a car with a phone so I could call up Sports phone in New York and get the score . I drive through the war in Afghanistan call Sports phone like every hour on the hour , for update . nicky what about my play ? laurel yes . and no more evasive tactic . steven it 's you best play , nicky . laurel see , daddy . 83. steven I have see it twice . I go back tonight to be sure . it 's a brave and honest piece of work . laurel what else ? steven a artistry and sensitivity you have never show before . nicky and you be not say that because of the gun in my hand ? steven you be out of bullet . nicky point the gun at the palm of he own leave hand and pull the trigger . a click . laurel see , daddy . steven and Peter redmond help immensely . this pause be exquisitely time . he make we wait and wait . he build a gorgeous tension and suspense . nicky we work very hard on the pause . nicky place it on the counter . steven I call Sports phone from lhasa , tibet . freeze in my little rent fiat . sheep on a hillside . Rocky debris dating back million and million of year , from the time the himalayas thrust up when the plate of India and Asia collide . Red Sox 3 , White Sox 2 . a moment in the history of the world . nicky take Steven 's head and move it tenderly against he chest . when nicky release the head , he have Steven 's toupee in he hand . he look at it briefly , then hand it to Laurel . 84 . ext . 48 th STREET near eleventh avenue 112 112 a yellow taxi come speed past , move eastward on 48th Street . we see it from various perspective and elevation . it be a large checker cab , the only thing move in the night . steam come billow from funnel vent . the taxi catch every light just before it turn red . int . taxi 113 113 nicky be drive , he face show intense satisfaction . Laurel sit next to he . Driver 's name plate --- memluk suleyman the driver sit in the middle of the rear seat , look somewhat nervous . laurel faster , daddy . ext . 48 th STREET 114 114 the taxi cross Park Avenue , speed past the bronze statue of a man hail a cab . it approach first Avenue , where a road divider bisect the thoroughfare . nicky swing into a sharp turn , barely averting contact with the divider , and stop abruptly . Three door open . on the empty street , nicky hand the driver a wad of bill . then he and Laurel step over the divider . he put he arm around she shoulder and they cross the avenue to the glass tower where they live . the sun begin to climb out of the East River . the end