script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ext . clearing - day snow drift across the body of the fall dead . eight corpse lie freeze on the ground -- man , woman , and child , wear heavy fur . the wind whip through they long hair . at the edge of the clear , will ( 20 ) , a young ranger dress all in black , survey the grim scene from the back of he geld . he gather he rein and guide he horse south . ext . forest - dusk will ride hard between the tower pine , he horse 's hoof kick up fresh - fall snow . he come to a halt and dismount beside two tethere horse . his comrade , gare ( 50 ) and ser waymar royce ( 18 ) , crouch beside a stream , fill they skin with cold water . they rise and look to the newcomer expectantly . ser waymar be gray -ey and graceful , with a aristocrat 's air of command despite he youth . he wear a supple coat of gleam black ringmail and a lush sable cloak . will and gare also wear the black of the night 's watch , but they clothes be far less regal , they leather and fur batter from hard usage . gare wear a hood for warmth . will we should start back . they be all dead . gare offer will he water skin and will take a drink . ser waymar any blood ? will not that I see . ser waymar how close do you get ? will Close enough to see they be dead . ser waymar ( skeptical ) or sleep ? gare if will say they be dead , they be dead . we should head back to the Wall . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ser waymar ( with the hint of a smile ) do the dead frighten you ? gare mormont say we should track ‘em . we track ‘em . they will not trouble we no more . ser waymar you do not think mormont will ask we how they die ? he walk toward he horse . gare and will exchange a troubled glance . ext . empty camp - night moonlight shine down on the clear , the ash of the firepit , the snow - cover lean -to . if there be corpse on the ground before , they be go now . the three rider enter the camp . they horse seem spook , as if they smell a predator nearby . ser waymar you dead man seem to have move camp . will look around , confuse . he know what he see . will they be here ... spot something shimmer on the ground near the firepit , he walk he horse closer , dismount and look down . lying at he foot be the hilt of a steel longsword . the blade have be shattered into a thousand shard . will stare at the shattered sword . he know what this mean ; the dread on he face be unmistakable . from he horse , gare look at the ground . the indentation where the body once lay be still visible -- as be the faint but unmistakable footprint lead away from they . gare we have to move . now . he be interrupt by a neigh . will 's horse , riderless and panicked , bolt from the camp site . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ser waymar 's horse rear back on its hind leg , throw its rider to the ground before gallop after the first horse . gare struggle to keep he own horse under control . ser waymar stand unsteadily , brush the snow from he cloak . will ( terrify ) god ... he 's stare into the darkness at the edge of the clear . ser waymar turn to see what the young tracker see : a shadow emerge from the forest . a figure step into the moonlight , tall and gaunt , with flesh pale as milk . it slide toward the ranger on silent foot . its armor appear to be carve from ice . its sword be translucent , a shard of crystal so thin it almost seem to vanish when see edge - on . ser waymar 's voice crack like a boy 's : ser waymar stay where you be ! the other keep come . ser waymar draw he sword with tremble hand . will , stand near the fire pit , and gare , still on horseback , draw they own sword . the other halt . for the first time we see its eye , bluer than any human eye , a blue that burn like ice . they emerge silently from the shadow , on all side of the clear . five of they ... six ... seven ... they strange sword shimmer in the moonlight . gare can no longer control he panicked horse ; it bolt from the clear , ignore its rider 's command . the other watch gare flee . they turn back to ser waymar and will and begin to advance on the young man . as the circle close , the other speak to each other in a language we have never hear , with voice like crack ice . waymar and will stand together , class distinction forget , two boy about to die . they steady they sword hand and mutter quick prayer as the other descend upon they . credit sequence script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library close on a pair of ancient , gnarled hand write a message on a small parchment scroll . the old man ( we never see he face ) tightly roll the scroll , bind it with a black ribbon , and tie it with a leather strip to the leg of a black raven . the old man lift the raven off he desk ; it flap its dark wing and fly out of the open chamber window . the raven fly away from Castle Black , a large and ancient fortress dwarf by what lie behind it : the Wall . older than history , this be the 800 - foot-high barrier of ice and stone that guard the northern edge of the Seven kingdom . as the raven gain altitude , the landscape below it transform into a map of westeros . the Wall be reveal to cross the entire continent , a boundary between the haunted Forest to the north and the civilized land to the south . the raven fly south over the map , on which the city , region and feature of the land be name : winterfell , the kingsroad , moat cailin , the riverlands , the vale of arryn . occasionally the bird dip down , and the map resolve back into reality for just long enough to give we a view of some point of interest : winterfell 's old stone tower , full of cold beauty . the forebode eyrie castle high atop the vale of arryn , a feat of montane architecture that would have be impossible for medieval engineer . when the raven reach King 's landing , the map resolve back into reality as the bird drop down into the dirty sprawl of the capital . the raven fly through the open gate of the Red keep , a massive compound with red wall the color of blood . the bird fly through a open window into the throne room , to land on the Iron throne itself -- a throne build from the hammer sword of a thousand defeat enemy . the raven peck at its wing , clean itself after the long journey , alone in the empty throne room . end credit sequence ext . hilltop - day lord eddard '' ned '' stark ( 40 ) sit on he motionless horse , he long brown hair stir in the wind . his closely - trim beard be shot with white . he have spend half he life training for war and the other half wage it , and he face convey both authority and a haunt sadness . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library he be accompany by a dozen member of the household guard , all on horseback . over they head flap the Stark banner : a gray direwolf racing across a ice- white field . South of the Wall the grass be still green and the sun be shine , but the air be cold enough to cloud the breath of four guardsman as they escort gare toward the stump of a massive oak tree . week have pass since we see the ranger but he seem to have age year , he eye bloodshot and weary , he face haggard , he clothes filthy and tear . ned 's son , jon snow ( 17 ) , robb stark ( 17 ) and bran stark ( 8 ) sit on they own horse ( a small pony in bran 's case ) . jon be slender , darker than he half - brother , he eye black and watchful . robb be big and broad , with fair skin and reddish - brown hair . bran sit very still , watch the doom man . he have never see a execution before . the prospect of it terrify he , but he try hard to imitate he father 's solemn expression . the guardsman force gare 's head onto the stump . ned dismount . his ward , theon greyjoy ( 19 ) , hand over ned 's sword : Ice , a beautiful weapon , century old . theon be the only man in the party wear a kraken sigil instead of a dire wolf . ned peel off he glove and hand they to jory cassel ( 30 ) , a bull - neck warrior with a heavy mustache . ned walk to the stump . he speak in low tone to gare , who respond . we watch this exchange from the boy 's perspective . gare 's final word clearly trouble ned , who study the condemn man 's face , judge he honesty . bran watch from afar , he head slightly cocked , try to make out what gare be say . there be a great weariness in ned 's eye as he place both hand on the hilt of he greatsword . ned in the name of Robert of the House baratheon , the first of he name -- as ned deliver the formal sentence to the condemn man , jon snow move closer to bran . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library jon snow ned ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) King of the andal and the keep the pony in hand . and first Men , Lord of the Seven do not look away . Father will kingdom and protector of the know if you do . realm -- bran keep he pony well in hand and do not look away . ned I , eddard of the House Stark , Lord of winterfell and warden of the North , sentence you to die . ned lift Ice high above he head and bring it down . blood spray the sway grass . gare 's head topple off the stump , bounce off a root , and roll . when ned 's back be turn , theon put he boot on the head , kick it away and laugh . jon watch this with disgust but say nothing . he turn and grip bran 's shoulder . jon snow you do well . it 's only three word , but compliment be hard to come by in the Stark house . bran be proud to be treat like a man , but he cannot look away from the head lie in the tall grass . ext . hillside - day bran ride with he brother , he hard - work pony try to keep up with the bigger horse . jon snow I think he be brave . robb brave ? he be dead of fear . you could see it in he eye . jon snow what would be in you eye with you head on the stump ? he die well . give he that much . robb consider the point for a moment and shrug , already lose interest in the subject . robb Race you to the bridge ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library jon roll he eye as if he 's beyond such juvenile game -- then , without warning , he spur he horse and gain a good head start . robb curse and follow . they gallop off down the trail , robb laugh and hoot , jon silent . bran 's pony can not compete in that race , so he follow slowly behind , craning he neck to see if he can spot the winner . ned you understand why I do it ? bran turn in he saddle , startle . on he great warhorse , ned loom above he like a giant . bran nod to he father . bran jon say he be a deserter . he be in the night 's watch and he run away . even when speak with he son , ned constantly survey he surroundings , aware of he man 's position , the possible site for a ambush , the angle of the sun . ned true enough , but do you understand why I have to kill he ? bran think about this for a few second , confuse . bran King Robert have a headsman . ned he do . as do the targaryen king before he . ned reach out to grab the pommel on bran 's saddle . he force the horse and pony to walk very close . ned we way be the old way . the man who pass the sentence should swing the sword . bran stare at the massive sword sheathed at ned 's hip . bran be it true he see the other ? ned stare at he son for a long beat . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ned you hear that ? ( off bran 's nod ) the other have be go for eight thousand year . bran so he be lie ? ned he believe it . a madman see what he see . they be interrupt by the sound of hoof ; jon reappear on the crest of the hill before they , wave urgently . jon over here ! ext . riverbank - day ned 's party reach the riverbank . jon have dismounted beside robb , who cradle something in he arm . bran and ned stay back with the rest of they party as jory and theon approach the older boy . when he see what lie on the ground beside robb , theon curse and pull he horse away . jory do the same and yell to the boy : jory get away from it ! robb she can not hurt you . she 's dead . Burning with curiosity , bran spur he pony to keep up with ned as they approach the other , who be all dismount . theon what in hell be it ? bran finally get close enough to see . robb a wolf . the dead wolf be impossibly huge , bigger than bran 's pony . its blind eye crawl with maggot . theon it 's a freak . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library jon no . that 's a direwolf . ned kneel beside the wolf . groping under the beast 's head , he give a yank and come up with a foot of shattered antler , slick with half - dry blood . theon there have not be a direwolf south of the Wall for two hundred year . jon look at the bundle beneath robb 's arm and grin : jon well ... now there be five . when bran see what everyone be stare at he eye widen . he move in to get a closer look at the direwolf pup -- a tiny ball of gray - black fur , eye still close , nuzzling blindly against robb 's chest , whimper . jory tough old beast , be not she ? birthing a litter with a antler in she throat . robb ( to bran ) go on . you can touch he . bran give the pup a quick , nervous stroke . as he turn : jon here you go . jon thrust another pup into bran 's arm . overjoyed , bran plop down in the snow and rub the wolf pup 's soft fur against he cheek . ned pick up two more helpless pup , one in each hand . jon pick up the fifth . hullen ( 40s ) , the horse master , frown at this ill omen . hullen direwolve loose in the realm . theon not for long . theon draw he sword and reach for bran 's pup . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 10 . theon give it here . bran no ! it 's mine ! robb speak to theon in a commanding tone . robb put you sword away . we be keep they . theon bristle at the command . theon I take order from you father , not you . hullen it ’'ll be a mercy to kill they . bran no ! bran look to ned for support , but find none . ned better a quick death . they will not last without they mother . jon Lord Stark ... there be five pup . Three male , two female . ( off ned 's curiosity ) you have five trueborn child . Three son , two daughter . the direwolf be the sigil of you House . everyone look to the Stark banner , with they direwolf crest - of -arm . we see they opinion about the pup change , as they come to understand the import of this omen . jon you child be mean to have this pup . ned and you ? jon I be not a Stark , my Lord . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 11 . ned weigh the situation for a moment in silence . ned you will feed they yourselves . and train they yourselves . bran nod eagerly . robb nod as well . ned they may die anyway , despite all you do . robb they will not . we will not let they . the decision make , people start to remount they horse . bran tug gratefully on jon 's sleeve . jon smile at he , but beneath he smile there be a trace of sadness . jon be about to climb onto he horse when he hear a distant whimper . leave the horse behind , he range into a snow drift , and scan the ground until he find the source : a sixth wolf pup , with white fur . unlike the other , its eye be blood -re and open , and it be completely silent . jon pick it up . theon scoff . theon a albino . it 'il die even faster than the other . jon ignore theon . he stare into the pup 's eye and the pup stare back . jon this one belong to I . int . dressing room - sunset daenerys ( 15 ) stand by the window , stare out at the bay of pento , where shirtless fishermen haul net full of wriggle fish from they boat onto the dock . the set sun silhouettes the brick tower of the free City ; intricate and colorful geometric pattern decorate they bulbous dome . daenery be a beautiful girl but nobody have bother to tell she . she be awkward in she own skin , unaware of how rare she violet eye and lush silver hair really be . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12 . viserys ( 0.s. ) where 's my sweet sister ? viserys ( 20 ) step into the room , a gaunt young man with nervous hand and a feverish look in he pale eye . he hold a lilac gown in he hand . viserys a gift from illyrio . touch it . go on . feel the fabric . dany let the delicate silk run through she finger . it be a gorgeous gown but the sight of it give she no pleasure . viserys tonight you must look like a princess . daenery hand the gown back to she brother . daenerys he give we so much ... we have be he guest for a year and he 's never ask for anything . viserys illyrio 's no fool . he know I will not forget my friend when I come into my throne . he hang the gown from a hook beside the door . viserys I will send the slave in to bathe you . be sure you wash off that stable stink . he study she critically . viserys you still slouch . he push back she shoulder . viserys let they see you have a woman 's body now . his finger brush lightly over she breast , judge they shape beneath the rough fabric of she tunic . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 13 . viserys do not fail I tonight . you do not want to wake the dragon , do you ? his finger tighten over one of she nipple , pinching . he 's hurt she but daenery do not resist or open she mouth . viserys do you ? daenerys no . viserys good . he smile , release she , brush back she hair with something like affection . viserys when they write the history of my reign , they will say it begin tonight . ext . street of pentos - night a dozen strong men carry a palanquin through the pitch - black street of pento . two servant walk in front , hold oil lantern to light the way . int . palanquin - night Inside the curtain litter , daenery , visery and magister illyrio recline on soft pillow . daenery wear the lilac gown . her makeup have be artfully apply but somehow she look even young than before . she seem terribly nervous . illyrio ( 50 ) be tremendously fat , but he carry himself with a certain elegance . he smile at daenery , take the girl 's hand and give she a comforting squeeze . illyrio ( to visery ) she be a vision , you Grace . drogo will be impressed . viserys she 's too skinny . be you sure he like he woman this young ? illyrio she 's have she blood , she 's old enough . look at she ! ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 14 . illyrio ( cont would ) highest of the highborn , daughter of the past king , sister to the future king ... he 's 1ll want she . viserys I suppose . the savage have queer taste . boy , horse , sheep ... illyrio best not suggest this to khal drogo . viserys do you take I for a fool ? magister illyrio give a slight bow . illyrio I take you for a king . king lack the caution of common man . my apology if I have give offense . he clap he hand and a slave boy wear a brass collar , crouch in the corner of the litter , hurry over to refill illyrio 's wine glass . viserys I know how to play a man like drogo . I give he status -- ( modd at dany ) -- and he give I a army . his finger toy with the hilt of he sheathed sword . viserys I could sweep the Seven kingdom with ten thousand dothraki screamer behind I . the people will be with we . they cry out for they true king . visery pause and give illyrio a anxious look . viserys they do , do not they ? illyrio ( a amiable salesman ) all across the kingdom , man lift secret toast to you health . they woman sew dragon banner in hope of you return from across the water . ( shrug ) or so my agent tell I . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 15 . daenery , who have watch illyrio throughout he speech , turn away . she keep she own counsel , but it 's clear the word that so inspire visery do not impress she . ext . dothraki encampment - night a great field outside the city wall of pento , ringed by hundred of the distinctive , round dothraki tent . the moon and burn torch light the milling guest . many be dothraki horselords , big man , they black hair oile and braid and hang with silver bell . no woman be present . a smooth - cheek eunuch announce the newcomer : eunuch visery of the House targaryen , the third of he name . King of the andal and the first Men , Lord of the Seven kingdom and protector of the realm . his sister daenery stormborn , princess of dragonstone . his honorable host , illyrio mopatis , magister of the free City of pento . the three honore guest step into the clear . illyrio guide they , point out various luminary . illyrio that three be drogo 's bloodrider . the bloodrider , fearsome dothraki warrior , stare back at daenery . she quickly avert she eye . illyrio over there be ser jorah mormont . viserys a knight ? what 's he do here ? ser jorah be past forty and bald , but still strong and fit . when he see the targaryen stare at he he bow deeply . visery give a slight nod , pleased by the obeisance . illyrio King Robert - ( correct himself ) - the usurper want he head . some trifling affront . sold poacher to a slaver . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 16 . viserys he could be useful . illyrio place he hand on daenery 's bare shoulder . illyrio over there , sweet princess . there be the khal himself . khal drogo ( 30 ) be the tallest man in the courtyard , but despite he size and musculature , he have the grace of a panther . his black hair be woven into a single braid , hang with silver bell , that swing below he belt . illyrio walk over to the khal ( a dozen yard away ) . visery lean closer to he sister , never take he eye off drogo . viserys you see how long he hair be ? when dothraki be defeat in combat , they cut off they braid in disgrace , so the world will know they shame . khal drogo have never be defeat . a savage , of course , but one of the finest killer alive . and you will be he queen . daenery stare at the khal . the man 's face be hard and cruel , he eye dark as onyx as he watch illyrio perform he submission . daenerys ( she voice small and thin ) I do not want to be he queen . please , please , I do not want to , I want to go home . visery maintain a mask of politeness and keep he voice low , but there be fury behind he eye . viserys Home ? how do we go home ? they take it from we . he grab she arm and drag she into the shadow , he fingernails digging into she . viserys how do we go home ? tear well in she eye . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 17 . daenerys I do not know . viserys I do . we go home with a army . with khal drogo 's army . he brushes she cheek with the back of he hand and speak to she with real tenderness . viserys I have let he whole khalasar fuck you , all forty thousand man and they horse too , if that 's what it take . come , dry you eye . dany wipe away the unfallen tear . illyrio , all smile and bow , escort khal drogo toward they . viserys ( nervous whisper ) smile . and stand up straight . let he see that you have breast . god know , they be small enough as be . dany smile and stand up straight . ext . king 's landing - day the wall city of King 's landing , capital of westeros . the royal castle , the Red keep , build of red sandstone , perches on the cliff above blackwater Bay . the seven-towed great Sept of baelor rise on the south edge of the city . in between sprawl the fetid slum call flea bottom . we pull in closer to the Red keep , to a window near the top of the Tower of the Hand . int . bedchamber - day jon arryn ( 60 ) , cold and still , lie on he deathb . two silent sister , veile adherent to the faith of the Seven , fold he hand across he chest and close he eyelid . grand maester pycelle ( 70 ) stand beside they . he wear a heavy chain around he neck , each link forge with a different metal . beside he be queen cersei ( 30 ) . Green -ey and golden - haire , the queen 's beauty have already become legend . both look down at jon arryn . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 18 . pycelle I give he milk of the poppy at the end . to ease he path . cersei touch the old maester 's arm in thanks . cersei we be bless to have a man of you wisdom caring for we . the old maester be not too old to appreciate a little flattery , or the touch of a beautiful woman . cersei he be peaceful , in he final hour ? pycelle mostly he sleep , my Grace . though he have moment of clarity . cersei do he ? what do he say , in this moment of clarity ? pycelle he ask to see the King -- cersei Robert will never forgive himself for not be here . this hunt of he last longer and longer . pycelle and he ask to see Lord Stark . cersei a shame Lord Stark be a thousand league away . that be all ? pycelle yes ... no . there be a phrase , one phrase he keep repeat . '' the seed be strong . '' cersei focus she green eye on the maester . cersei the seed be strong ? what do that mean ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 19 . pycelle ( shrug ) the die mind be a dement mind . for all the weight they be give , last word usually have as much significance as first word . cersei where be the Hand 's wife ? pycelle Lady arryn leave the moment he breathe he last . cersei turn and head for the door . cersei send a raven to casterly rock . my father should know jon arryn be dead . pycelle at once , my Grace . cersei exit the bedchamber . pycelle watch the sister perform they ritual ablution , imagine , perhaps , the not - too-distant day when they will minister to he own corpse . ext . flea bottom - night the most dangerous neighborhood in the kingdom . drunk spill out of doorway of tavern light with oil lamp , sing : drunk she kick and wail , the may so fair , but he lick the honey from she hair , she hair ! her hair ! int . brothel - night outside we hear the sound of rough laughter and sing . the room be expensively appoint in silk , damask and gild ornament , but its garishness betray its true nature . that , and the naked redheaded whore on she knee beside the bed . she bestow oral favor upon tyrion lannister , a dwarf with mismatch eye : one green , one black . tyrion 's hand grip she hair as he shudder . bell begin to ring outside , thousand of they , great peal bell from all across the city . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 20 . the redhead , finish with she work , wipe she mouth with the back of she hand . redhead who they ringing the bell for ? tyrion the King 's Hand die this morning . tyrion grab a goblet of wine from the bedside table . he swig and pass it to the whore . she raise it in toast . redhead here 's to jon arryn , then . he be the only one of you lot who care about the smallfolk . she drink deeply , sloshing the wine around she mouth . tyrion I care about the smallfolk . redhead only the one with good tit . who 's Robert pick for a new Hand ? tyrion if he 's smart , my father . redhead and if he 's not smart ? tyrion if the King be not smart ? milady , this be treasonous word ... he clamp he palm on the back of she head and guide she back toward he crotch . the redhead laugh , disbely . redhead no chance you be ready again . he take the goblet from she , downs the remainder , and toss it across the room . tyrion the god give I one bless . the redhead grin and push she hair away from she face as she dip down for further service . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 21 . just as tyrion close he eye the door swing open . ser jaime lannister ( 30 ) , the Queen 's twin brother , stand in the doorway . consider by many the best -look man in the Seven kingdom , there be a hint of savagery behind he green eye . he smile as the redhead , flustered , cover she breast . jaime do not get up . redhead forgive I , my lord ... tyrion should I explain to you , dear brother , the meaning of a close door in a whorehouse ? Jaime continue to favor the redhead with he lazy grin , fuck she with he eye as he speak with he brother . jaime you have much to teach I , no doubt , but in this instance perhaps you will forgive the interruption . you tell I once that you want to see the North . I do not want you to miss you chance . tyrion who 's go North ? jaime we be . the royal '' we . '' the King . the Queen . me. you , if you can find you pants . tyrion why ? jaime well , I be use to it , but the rest of the court might be frighten by the sight of you wet little dagger . tyrion ( annoyed ) why be we go north ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 22 . jaime the King have choose he Hand . and no one 's go to be happy about it . ext . winterfell gate - late afternoon winterfell , the stronghold and ancestral home of House Stark , be a ancient and austere place . many acre lie within its two concentric granite wall ; its keep and tower stretch toward the gray sky above . a raven fly into view , head toward the stronghold with a small parchment scroll dangle from its leg . we follow the black bird as it glide over the winterfell wall , bank over the main courtyard , and come to rest on the windowsill of int . maester luwin 's chamber - continuous the raven jump from its windowsill perch onto the arm of maester luwin ( 75 ) . he be a small , gray man : gray eye , gray hair , gray wool robe . a heavy chain lie around he neck , much like maester pycelle 's . the maester remove the scroll from the raven 's leg and open it . his face darken as he read . ext . godswood - dusk a thousand year of humus lie thick upon the forest floor , swallow the sound of a woman 's foot as she walk . lady catelyn stark ( 35 ) , ned 's auburn-haire , blue -ey wife , make she way among the dark tree trunk , they twisted branch weaving a dense canopy over she head . in she hand , she hold the small parchment scroll from the above scene . she reach a small grove at the center of the wood , where a ancient weirwood tree brood over a small , black pool . look like no tree on Earth , the weirwood 's bark be bone white , its leave dark red . Long , long ago , a melancholy face be carve into its trunk ; its deep - cut eye be red with dry sap . they seem to follow she as she round the tree . seat on a moss - cover stone on the other side of the tree , ned rest he sword , Ice , across he knee as he clean it with a cloth dip in the black water at he foot . catelyn I know I would find you here . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 23 . he lift he head to look at she . he see she shiver and hand she he cloak , which she wrap around herself before sit on the forest floor . he register she somber face , and the scroll in she hand . he stop clean he sword . ned tell I . catelyn forgive I , my lord ... there be a raven from King 's landing . jon arryn be dead . ned look at the wet sword , lie flat across he lap . ned how ? catelyn a fever take he . he be healthy at the full moon and go by the half . ned you sister , the boy ...? catelyn the letter say they be well . ned look more angry than grief-strick . he dry he sword with a swatch of oile leather . catelyn he love you very much . ned I have not see he in how long , nine year ? catelyn you could not have know -- ned of course I could have know . he be a old man . every year he ask I to visit and every year I tell he , '' next year . '' he sheathes the blade . catelyn reach for he hand . for a moment they be silent . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 24 . ned the girl will not remember he . bran never even meet he . catelyn you x11 tell they the storey . ned Old jon would have be proud of bran . he be a brave boy at the behead . catelyn be troubled by the think . she release he hand . catelyn eight be too young to see such thing . ned should I tell you about the thing I see before I be eight ? ( beat ) he will not be a child forever . and winter be come . the word disturb catelyn but she keep she silence . ned his brother help he . especially jon. catelyn jon snow be he half - brother . my lord . ned note he wife 's tone but say nothing . this be not a fight he need right now . catelyn , realize she have broach the wrong topic at the wrong time , change the subject . catelyn the raven bring more news . the king ride for winterfell . ( beat ) along with the queen and she brother . ned consider this prospect for a moment . clearly catelyn already have . they both know what it mean . ned he hate the cold . always have . if he come this far north , it 's one thing he 's after . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 25 . catelyn you can always say no . ned allow a grim smile , take he wife 's hand and help she to she foot . ned you do not know the king very well . ext . winterfell gate - day from the stronghold 's gate , the King 's Road wend its way to the horizon -- where tiny speck of red and gold appear , barely visible . very slowly , they grow larger . the king 's party approach . ext . tower - day bran climb down the side of the tower , he hand and foot find purchase on its jutting stone with a monkey 's unthink agility . climb be as natural to he as study be onerous . he smile as he make he way toward the ground in record time , very pleased with himself -- until he mother yank he off the stone . catelyn lower he to the ground and sternly wait for a explanation . bran I be ... I be ... catelyn you be bored with you lesson so you decide to climb the castle wall , even though I have forbidden it two hundred time . bran I -- catelyn brandon ... I want you to promise I : no more climb . promise . bran look at he foot before gaze up at she solemnly . bran I promise . catelyn lean over to look she son dead in the eye . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 26 . catelyn you know what ? bran what ? catelyn you always look at you foot before you lie . despite bran 's best effort , he mouth stretch into a smile , and a chuffing laugh escape from behind it . catelyn smile , unable to help herself . she see that he hand , clothes and bare foot be filthy from the climb down . catelyn go on , clean yourself up . the king will be here soon . bran kiss he mother on the cheek and run off . ext . winterfell gate - day the king 's party pour through the gate of winterfell ina river of gold , silver and steel , one hundred strong . over they head , a dozen golden banner whip in the wind , emblazon with the crown stag of the House baratheon . int . winterfell - courtyard - day at the far end of the yard , ned 's face betray nothing as he watch the King 's party approach with he family beside he . catelyn , robb , jon and bran be here , as be sansa ( 13 ) , traditionally beautiful , with high cheekbone and thick red hair ; arya ( 11 ) , a skinny tomboy ; and they little brother rickon ( 3 ) . ser Jaime ride through the gate and into the courtyard . bran ( whisper to jon ) be that the king ? jon that 's Jaime lannister . the kingslayer . bran can not take he eye off the man . he 's hear the storey . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27 . tyrion lannister ride behind he brother Jaime , study the castle and its occupant , miss nothing . joffrey baratheon ( 13 ) , the crown prince , tall for he age , and haughty . beside he : sandor clegane ( 35 ) , '' the hound , '' joffrey 's bodyguard . terrible burn scar cover half he face . a huge man approach , flanke by knight in snow - white cloak . a black beard cover he double chin , but nothing can hide the belly that threaten to burst he doublet 's button . this be king ROBERT baratheon ( 40s ) . he vault from he warhorse and give ned a imperious once -over . ROBERT you have get fat . ned try to maintain he stony decorum , but it 's hopeless . for the first time , we see he laugh -- and it become clear that ned and the King be actually old friend . Robert join in , engulf he in a bone-crunch hug . he finally release ned , who take a moment to catch he breath . ROBERT nine year ! why have not I see you ? where the hell have you be ? ned guarding the north for you , you Grace . winterfell be yours . as the king 's party dismount , a ornate wheelhouse pull into they midst . queen cersei lannister ( 32 ) emerge with she young child , tommen ( 7 ) and myrcella ( 8 ) . ned kneel to kiss she ring ; she smile be pure formality . Robert , on the other hand , embrace catelyn like a long lose sister . as the child on both side be bring forward and introduce , Robert step back to ned . ROBERT take I down to you crypt . I want to pay my respects . cersei we have be riding since dawn . surely , the dead will wait . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28 . Robert give she a hard look . cersei stare back at he , uncow . finally Robert turn and walk away . after a awkward glance at the Queen , ned lead Robert toward one of winterfell 's old tower . int . winterfell - crypt stair - day ned hold a lantern as he lead Robert down the narrow , wind stone step . ROBERT I think we have never get here . all the talk about my Seven kingdom ... aman forget you part be as big as the other six combine . ( disbelief ) it snow on we ! snow ! as they descend , they breath become more and more visible from the cold , and Robert 's become more and more labor . ROBERT how will you stand it , man , when winter finally come ? you ball freeze right up into you gut for the next twenty , thirty year ? ned the stark will endure . we always have . ROBERT you need to come south , get a real taste of summer before it 's go . everyone be fat , drunk and rich . and the girl , ned ! woman lose all modesty in the heat . they swim naked in the river , right beneath the castle ... the king laugh happily , but he laughter trail off as the staircase end . int . winterfell - crypt - continuous ned sweep the lantern in a semicircle ; shadow lurch along a procession of granite pillar that recede into the dark . ned she 's down at the end , you Grace . side by side they proceed , they footstep ringing off the stone as they walk among the dead of House Stark . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 29 . between the pillar on either side : granite sculpture of the decease sit on throne , they back against they own sepulchre . great stone direwolve curl around they foot . ned stop at the last tomb and lift the lantern . the crypt continue on into the darkness ahead of they , but beyond this point the tomb be empty , wait for he and he child . in front of he , illuminate by the lantern , a beautiful young woman stare out at they with blind , granite eye : lyanna Stark , ned 's sister . ROBERT she be more beautiful than that . silently , Robert kneel and bow he head . ned join he . Robert 's voice be hoarse with remember grief . ROBERT do you have to bury she in a place like this ? she should be on a hill somewhere , with the sun and the cloud above she . ned she be a Stark . this be she place . the king rise to touch she cheek , he finger brush the rough stone as gently as if it be live flesh . ROBERT in my dream , I kill he every night . ned it 's do . the targaryen be go . the warrior Robert use to be surface in he face , pitiless . ROBERT not all of they . ned we should return , you Grace . you wife will be wait . ROBERT to hell with my wife . that say , he start back the way they come . ned follow . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 30 . ROBERT and if I hear '' you Grace '' one more time , I will have you fuck head on a spike . we be more to each other than that . ned I have not forget . ( beat ) tell I about old jon . ROBERT ( shake he head ) one moment he be fine , and ... it burn right through he , whatever it be . ( stop walk ) I love that man . ned we both do . ROBERT he never have to teach you much . but I ? you remember I at sixteen ? all I want to do be crack skull and fuck girl . Old jon show I what be what . ned give the king a sidelong , skeptical look , barely suppress a smile . ROBERT do not look at I like that . it 's not he fault I do not listen . he put a massive arm around ned 's shoulder and walk on . ROBERT you must wonder why I have finally come north , after all this year . ned you inspection of the Wall be long overdue . ROBERT the Wall 's stand for eight thousand year . it can keep a while longer . Robert stop walk and turn to face ned . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 31 . ROBERT this be dangerous time ... I need good man around I , man like jon arryn . ( beat ) Men like you . I want you down in King 's landing , not up here where you be no damn use to anybody . ( stop walk ) Lord eddard Stark , I would name you Hand of the King . ned drop to one knee , not at all surprised . ned I be not worthy of the honor . ROBERT I be not try to honor you . I be try to get you to run my kingdom while I eat , drink and whore my way to a early grave . you know the say ... ned the King shit , and the Hand wipe . Robert laugh . still on one knee , ned can not help but join he . ROBERT damn it , ned , stand up . ( ned do ) you help I win the Iron throne , now help I keep the fuck thing . we be mean to rule together . ( beat ) if you sister have live , we have have be bound by blood . well , it 's not too late . I have a son , you have a daughter ... my joff and you sansa will join we house . this do surprise ned . after a moment he shake he head and smile . ned how long have you be plan this ? ROBERT how old be you daughter ? both man laugh . Robert 's face grow serious . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32 . ROBERT I never love my brother . a sad thing for a man to admit , but it 's true . you be the brother I choose . we be mean to be family . ned ( move by this word ) I do not know what to say . ROBERT say '' yes '' ! ned if I could have some time to consider this honors ... ROBERT yes , of course , talk it over with catelyn , sleep on it if you must . he clap he hand roughly on ned 's shoulder . ROBERT just do not keep I wait too long . I be not the most patient man . ned smile -- but he glance drift over Robert 's shoulder to the dead of winterfell , who watch with disapprove eye . int . great hall of winterfell - night the feast for the king be in its fourth hour . a singer play the harp at one end of the hall but no one can hear he above the roar of the fire , the clangor of pewter plate and cup , and the din of a hundred conversation . the long wooden table be cover with steaming platter of roast meat and baked bread . banner hang from the stone wall : the dire wolf of Stark ; baratheon 's crown stag ; the lion of lannister . ned and catelyn host King Robert ( already drunk ) , Queen cersei , ser Jaime and tyrion lannister ( the queen 's brother ) and a few other luminary at a table on a raise platform . the Stark and baratheon trueborn child sit at a table directly below the guest of honor . on the main floor , the soldier , squire and other commoner sit on backless bench . jon snow sit with they . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 33 . the young man sit around jon be tell the usual storey about fight and fuck . jon seem comfortable in they midst , but he 's not pay attention to they ; he 's steal a glance at he sibling , at they table of honor . jon downs he wine , and signal a serve boy for a refill , and watch he father and the King and the high table . Robert and ned toast with tankard full of ale . ned take a healthy drink ; Robert drink the whole tankard . a few seat down , catelyn notice Queen cersei stare at she drunk husband with plain disgust . a good hostess , catelyn try to distract cersei . catelyn you child be quite beautiful , my Queen . they have the gift of the lannister eye . cersei , a little startle to be address , stare at catelyn with she vaguely reptilian green eye . cersei I hear a rumor we might share a grandchild someday . catelyn ( pleased ) I hear the same rumor ... cersei of course , this decision ultimately fall to we husband . as all important decision must . she glance past catelyn to Robert , as he gnaw on a rib and leer at the buxom serving girl refilling he tankard . only she eye reveal she anger , and they only do so briefly . Jaime , sit on the other side of cersei , lean forward , he forearm on the table , flash he white tooth at catelyn . many woman have wait they whole life for that smile , but it only serve to make she nervous . jaime you would enjoy the capital , my lady . the north must be hard for someone who be not bear here . catelyn I be sure it seem very grim , after King 's landing . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 34 . catelyn ( cont would ) I remember how scared I be when ned bring I up here the first time . cersei you be only a girl . I be sure you be scared of many thing . catelyn but harsh as it be , I have come to love it . the north get in you blood . cersei seem skeptical , look around the rough-hewn great Hall , which would fit in the kitchen of she own palace . cersei you daughter will take to the city . such a beauty can not stay hide up here forever . it 's time we introduce she to the court . catelyn mm ... of course , I have two daughter . if cersei know this at one point , she have forget . she see catelyn 's distress look and follow she gaze to the child 's table , where sansa look as radiant as ever , chat with young princess myrcella . Arya , on the other hand , have already ruin she evening dress . she use she spoon as a catapult to fling a wad of pigeon pie at bran , across the table . it hit he square in the forehead . jaime the girl have talent . catelyn , embarrassed , begin to stand so she can take matter in hand . but ned , pass behind she , grip she shoulder , lean down and kiss the side of she neck . ned I will take care of it . cersei smile at catelyn . to she credit , she have a excellent fake smile . the two woman resume they conversation . as ned pass behind Jaime 's seat , Jaime push he chair back , momentarily block ned 's path . Jaime stand . jaime Excuse my clumsiness . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 . he smile down at ned . Jaime be taller and broad in the shoulder . they be consider two of the great warrior in the Seven kingdom , and there can be little doubt that right now each man wonder who would win a fight . ned not a trait most people associate with you . you pardon -- he move to step around Jaime , but Jaime put he ned 's shoulder . jaime I hear we might be neighbor soon . I hope it 's true . ned would rather talk to any live man than this ned yes , the King have honore I with he offer . again he try to pass , and again Jaime sidestep he . Jaime smile but he action be just shy of jaime the King have promise a tournament to celebrate you new title ... if you accept . it would be good to have you on the field . the competition have become a bit stale . ned I do not fight in tournament . jaime no ? get a little old for it ? hand on one . to block aggression . ned be tired of try to get around Jaime . he stand very close to the young man and look he dead in the eye . ned I do not fight in tournament because if I ever have to fight a man for real , I do not want he to know what I can do . the comment please Jaime immensely , judge from he smile . jaime well say , well say ! I do hope you take the King 's offer . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 36 . jaime ( cont would ) though of course , we all know the court have not be kind to Stark man . ned stiffen at the comment . nobody wear sword at the banquet but he hand reflexively grip for the absent hilt . jaime you father and brother . yes , I be a witness to that ... tragedy . ned I know you be . jaime I suppose it 's some consolation that justice finally come to they killer . no need to thank I -- oh , I be sorry , you never do . ned be it justice you be think of when you shove you spear in the mad King 's back ? jaime it be he kidney I be think of . his liver and spleen . be that terrible of I ? after all the suffer the man cause ? ned have have enough . he push past Jaime . this time the kingslayer let he go , but not before one final remark . for a instant Jaime 's air of perpetual amusement evaporate . jaime the worst king in a thousand year ... and people treat I like some back - alley cutthroat . but ned be already go , head down the raise platform . Jaime stand alone . the only one at the banquet table who have overhear the Jaime / ned conversation be tyrion , who grin at he brother and raise he tankard in toast . tyrion if it come down to it , big brother , I have bet on you -- but I would not bet much . he downs he tankard of ale with a single , heroic gulp and wipe the foam from he mouth , pleased with himself . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 37 . a second later it hit he : he 's one tankard over the line . tyrion stand and stagger away from the royal table without a goodbye . Jaime retake he seat beside he sister , who watch tyrion stumble down the step to the main floor . cersei he be a vile little beast . jaime he play the hand he be deal . his gaze float over cersei 's shoulder , to Robert . jaime as do we all . tyrion lurch past ned on the main floor , nearly bump into he . ned extend a hand to steady the little man but tyrion brushes past he , not want any help , head for the exit . ned turn ; for a second , from where jon snow be sit , it seem ned be stare right at he . jon smile at he father , eager for acknowledgement . a wink would suffice . but ned be not look at he at all ; he eye be on the table of trueborn child that lie between jon and ned . ned head over to break up the Arya / bran foodfight . slightly bitter , more than slightly drunk , jon take a large hunk of honey chicken from he trencher and chuck it under the table to he dire wolf puppy , ghost . the way ghost devour it in second be cute -- until we remember the size of he mother . one of the boy at the table be fill wine cup from a flagon . jon nod for another cup and gulp from it while watch he pup lick the chicken bone clean . jon snow you never stop eat , do you ? benjen ( 0.s. ) be this one of the direwolve I have hear so much about ? jon look up happily as he uncle benjen stark ( 40s ) ruffle he hair . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 38. benjen be sharp - feature and gaunt , but there 's always a hint of laughter in he eye . he wear the black garb of a swear brother of the night 's watch . jon his name be ghost . one of the squire at the table make room . benjen straddle the bench , take the cup from jon 's hand and sip . benjen how many cup have you have ? ( off jon 's guilty smile ) as I fear . well , I believe I be young than you the first time I get truly and sincerely drunk . benjen grab a roast onion from a nearby trencher and bite into it . he watch ghost as he chew . benjen do not you usually eat with you brother ? jon ( flat , sardonic ) most time . but Lady Stark think it might insult the royal family to seat a bastard among they . benjen I see . benjen glance over he shoulder at the elevate table , where ned return to sit with catelyn . benjen my brother do not seem so festive tonight . jon he 's sad about jon arryn . jon 's eye go to the queen . jon the queen be angry . Father take the king down to the crypt this afternoon . she do not want he to go . benjen give jon a careful , measure look . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 39 . benjen you do not miss much , do you ? ( beat ) we could use a man like you on the Wall , someday . jon ( a sudden rush ) take I with you when you go back . Father will let I go if you ask he . I know he will . benjen the Wall be a hard place for a boy . jon I turn seventeen on my next name day . and maester luwin say bastard grow up faster . benjen ( frown ) that 's true enough . benjen fill the wine cup and take a long swallow . jon I want to serve in the night 's watch . I be ready to swear you oath . benjen you do not understand what you have be give up . we have no family . none of we will ever father son . jon I do not care about that ! benjen you might , if you know what it mean . come talk to I after you have dip you wick a few time . he stand , grip he nephew 's shoulder , and take he leave . frustrate , jon drain he cup , slam it on the table and rise from the bench . too late he realize how drunk he really be -- he lurch into a serving girl , send a flagon of wine crash to the floor . laughter boom all around . jon flush and run for the door . ghost follow at he heel . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 40. ext . winterfell - courtyard - night the yard be quiet and empty . High on the battlement of the inner wall , a lone sentry take brief notice of jon as he storm from the banquet hall with ghost close behind . the music and song spilling through the hall 's open window seem to taunt jon as he walk away from the feast . tyrion ( 0.s. ) Boy . jon turn to see tyrion lannister sit like a gargoyle on the ledge above the door to the great hall . tyrion be drunk like jon , only more so . tyrion be that animal a wolf ? jon a direwolf . his name be ghost . ( beat ) what be you do up there ? why be not you at the feast ? tyrion I learn long ago that it 's consider rude to vomit on one 's brother . might I have a closer look at you wolf ? jon hesitates , nod -- and gasp as tyrion push himself off the ledge , fall twelve foot to the ground and land roughly . ghost flinch and back away behind jon 's leg . tyrion stand and dust himself off . tyrion I have frighten the beast . my apology . jon he 's not afraid . tyrion he be ! I be terrifying ! he be not . jon command he wolf : jon ghost , come here . come on , boy ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 41. the pup come back around front , keep a wary eye on tyrion . when tyrion reach out to pet he , ghost bare he fang in a silent snarl . tyrion hesitates . jon sit , ghost . ( ghost sit ; to ghost ) hold. ( to tyrion ) you can touch he now . he will not move . I have be training he . tyrion kneel and ruffle the white fur between ghost 's ear . tyrion Nice wolf . niiiiice wolf . jon he 's not . if I be not here , he have have you throat out . tyrion cock he head and look jon over , possibly impressed by the boy 's bravado . ghost be still far too small to tear out anyone 's throat . tyrion in that case , you would best stay close . he stand and look up at jon . tyrion I be tyrion lannister . jon I know who you be . tyrion you be ned Stark 's bastard , be not you ? jon press he lip together and say nothing . tyrion do I offend you ? sorry . ( beat ) you be the bastard , though . jon Lord eddard Stark be my father . tyrion step in closer and examine jon 's face . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42. tyrion yes ... you have more of the north in you than you brother . jon try to hide he pleasure at this observation . jon half brother . tyrion 's mouth be fix in a sardonic grin , but he eye burn with intensity as he speak . tyrion let I give you some advice , bastard . never forget what you be -- the rest of the world will not . make it you strength , and it can never be you weakness . wear it like armor , and it can never be use to hurt you . jon be in no mood for anyone 's advice . jon what do you know about be a bastard ? tyrion all dwarf be bastard in they father 's eye . tyrion saunter back into the feast , whistling to himself . when he open the door , the light from the hall throw tyrion 's shadow clear across the yard . int . catelyn 's bedchamber - night ned open the room 's high narrow window . a blast of cold night air blow into the chamber . on the bed , catelyn pull the fur up to she chin . ned breathes deeply , take the cold into he lung , stare out into the dark . then he turn back to face she . ned I will refuse he . catelyn you cannot . you must not . ned you say yourself I could tell he no . I be a northman . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 43. ned ( cont would ) I belong here , not down south in that rat 's nest they call a capital . catelyn he would make we daughter Queen . ned turn away , face the darkness again . she soften and be about to go to he when a loud knock come at the door . ned I give order not to be disturb . from the other side of the door , a sentry answer . sentry ( 0.s. ) it 's maester luwin call , my lord . he insist . ned slip on a heavy robe . ned send he in . the door open and maester luwin enter . he wait until the door be shut behind he before speak . maester luwin my lord , pardon for disturbing you rest . I have be leave a message . ned be leave ? by whom ? maester luwin there be no messenger , my lord . only a carve wooden box , leave on a table in my observatory while I sleep . this be conceal in a false bottom . maester luwin draw a tightly roll paper from he loose sleeve . ned hold out he hand . ned let I have it , then . maester luwin a thousand pardon , my lord . the message be mark for the eye of the Lady catelyn alone . ned be not use to be deny by anyone below the rank of king . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 44 , he consider the old man for a second and step aside , allow maester luwin to place the paper on the bedside table . luwin bow and begin to retreat . ned stay . catelyn look at the blue wax moon - and - falcon seal on the paper with forebode . catelyn it 's from my sister . something 's wrong . why would she hide the letter ? they say she leave the capital right after he die ... ned open it . catelyn break the seal . her eye move over the word . for a moment , she be confuse -- then a smile flit across she lip . catelyn she take no chance . when we be girl , we have a private language . ned can you still read it ? catelyn yes ... her smile disappear as she read . catelyn wrap herself in one of the bed fur and pad toward the hearth . she toss the paper in the fire and watch to make sure it burn through . catelyn she say jon arryn be murder . ( beat ) by the lannister . by the Queen . the accusation shock ned . he try to rationalize it away : ned you sister be sick with grief . she do not know what she 's say . catelyn lysa be not easy , but she 's never be a fool . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 45 . ned this be madness ... catelyn you say you love Robert like a brother . would you leave you brother surround by lannister ? ned look to maester luwin , hope for a different opinion . maester luwin the Hand of the King have great power , my lord . power to investigate . and to punish , if need be . catelyn you must go south with he . become he Hand and learn the truth . ned I be not you dog to command , my lady . but ned 's word be bely by the resignation in he face . she be right and he know it . he sit heavily in a chair beside the hearth . ned my father go south once , to answer the summon of a king . he never come home again . maester luwin a different time . a different king . ned say nothing , watch the flame devour the wood . int . winterfell - tower room - day sansa and princess myrcella both knit , overseen by myrcella 's lady - in-wait , and sansa 's tutor , septa mordane ( 60 ) . Arya sit near the door . her needlework be as grim as sansa 's be perfect , she face as plain as sansa 's be beautiful . she do not want to be here . while the septa fawn over the princess , Arya quietly lay down she knitting and sneak away . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46. ext . winterfell - courtyard - day bran and Prince tommen drill in the yard with padded wooden sword . the child be so heavily padded themselves that they look like they have be wrap in featherbed . huffing and puffing , they thump each other under the watchful eye of ser rodrik cassel ( 60 ) , the master - at -arm , a stout keg of a man with thick white sideburn . a dozen ( male ) spectator call out encouragement , robb the loudest among they . theon greyjoy watch with he characteristic wry contempt . twenty yard from the other , jon snow watch as well , seat alone on a rough wooden bench . absorb in the action , he be unaware of Arya 's approach until she jump on he back . jon should not you be work on you stitches ? Arya make a face at he . arya I want to see they fight . why be not you with they ? jon bastard be not allow to damage young prince . Arya watch she little brother bran whack at tommen , almost toppling over himself in the process . arya I could do better than bran . I would knock the prince 's fat head off . jon look at she with mock shock . then he take she arm and examine it , feel she muscle . he shake he head . jon too skinny . she snatch back she arm and glare at he . he mess up she hair . a cheer go up from the drilling field . bran have manage to knock tommen over ; the prince be roll in the dust , try to get up and fail , like a padded turtle . bran stand at the ready with upraise wooden sword , ready to whack he again once he regains he foot . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 47. the spectator laugh until ser rodrik end it . he yank the prince to he foot . ser rodrik well fight . Prince joffrey , robb , will you go another round ? robb gladly . joffrey , however , look bored ; he remain among he man . joffrey this be a child 's game . theon that 's because you be child . joffrey robb may be a child . I be a prince . and I be tired of swatting at stark with a play sword . robb you get more swat than you give . afraid ? joffrey oh , terrify . I might get a splinter . the lannister man all laugh . jon and Arya watch with contempt . jon what a shit . ser rodrik ask joffrey : ser rodrik what do you suggest ? joffrey live steel . robb done . ser rodrik put a hand on robb 's shoulder . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 48. ser rodrik too dangerous . i’1l let you go with tourney sword with blunt edge . a muscle knight with black hair and terrible burn scar on he face push forward : sandor '' the hound '' clegane , joffrey 's bodyguard . the hound this be you prince . who be you to tell he he can not have a edge on he sword ? ( to robb ) how old be you , boy ? robb sixteen . the hound I kill a man at twelve . and not with a blunt sword . Arya watch with worry as robb bristle , he pride wounded . robb ( to ser rodrik ) let I do it . I can beat he . ser rodrik beat he with a tourney blade , then . joffrey shrug and start to turn away . joffrey come and see I , north boy , once you ball thaw . laughter from the lannister man . robb lose he temper . robb I nil cut yours off , you little piss - — haire - Arya 's and jon 's eye widen in surprise . but theon seize robb 's arm to keep he away from the prince . joffrey feign a yawn and turn to he young brother . joffrey come , tommen . playtime be over . leave the child to they game . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 49 . more laughter from the lannister , more curse from robb . theon continue to hold robb back , now aid by ser rodrik , until the lannister party be safely away . Far from be frighten , Arya be thrilled . this be where she want to be , among the rough and brawling boy . jon ( to Arya ) you would better get back . arya I hate needlework ! it 's not fair ! jon nothing be fair . he mess she hair again and walk away , ghost follow silently . reluctantly , Arya turn in the other direction . in the distance , she see septa mordane wait for she - along with Lady catelyn herself . neither look pleased . Arya sigh and go to take what she 's get come . ext . dothraki encampment - day outside the city wall of pento , horde of dothraki warrior -- along with they women , child , and slave -- have gather to celebrate they khal 's wedding day . a earthen ramp have be raise in the middle of a vast grass field . dany sit beside khal drogo . beautiful as she be in she wedding silk , she look as scared as a trap animal . khal drogo do not seem to notice she . he shout command and jest in he own tongue to he bloodrider , who sit below he on the second-highest level of the ramp . also seat on that level be jorah mormont , magister illyrio , and visery , who look splendid in a new black wool tunic with a scarlet dragon on the chest . they be in the midst of a urgent conversation , keep they voice low . illyrio wave languidly , ring glitter on he finger . illyrio trust I . the khal have promise you a crown and you shall have it . viserys when ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 50. illyrio when the khal choose . when the omen favor war . viserys I piss on dothraki omen . I have wait fifteen year to get my throne back . I be tired of this country , tired of live with savage . above they on the ramp , daenery steal a glance at khal drogo . he seem unaware of she existence , stare at the grass below with no expression on he face . daenery turn to see what he 's watch : dothraki drummer pound on they horseskin drum as a dozen young dothraki woman begin dance for they khal . the dothraki be not a repress people . the dance be overtly sexual , so over that a warrior soon step into the circle , grab a dancer by the arm , push she to the ground and take she right there in front of the cheer crowd . khal drogo grin and nod . evidently this be appropriate wedding behavior . daenery watch with horror . soon a second warrior have grab a dancer , and then a third . the trouble begin when two warrior try to lay claim to the same woman . both man draw they scimitar and begin swinging at each other . the combat be fast , brutal and efficient , the steel blade blur in the sunlight . finally one man miss a parry . a instant later he entrail spill onto the dust and he fall . the victor seize a girl -- not even the original girl they be fight over -- and the crowd roar in approval . daenery struggle to keep from vomit . the platter of blood sausage in front of she do not help . illyrio clap politely and explain to visery : illyrio a dothraki wedding without at least three death be consider a dull affair . khal drogo stand and raise one hand . instantly the horde go silent . the only noise be the bleat of a lose sheep . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 51. drogo look at dany . there be no sign of mercy in he face . she realize that everyone at the wedding be watch she . finally she stand . he nod and lead she down the ramp , into the center of the field . dany stand beside she new husband , encircle by she new tribe , look very small and pale next to drogo . illyrio ( to visery ) time for the gift . dothraki man surge forward , prostrate themselves before they khal and lay down gift in a grow pile : medallion belt and paint vest , soft fur and silk , silver ring . visery approach with a thin smile on he face . he lead three handmaid . two be dothraki girl with black hair and almond - shape eye . the third be fair-haire and blue-ey . viserys ( to dany ) this be not common servant . irri will teach you riding , jaqui the dothraki tongue , and doreah ... the art of love . he grin at doreah , who lower she eye . viserys she 's quite good . illyrio and I can vouch for that . ser jorah approach next , lay a small stack of old book before dany and bow deeply . jorah a small gift , my princess , but alla poor exile could afford . song and history of the Seven kingdom . the gift touch dany : she smile , and speak for the first time at she own wedding . daenarys thank you , ser . ser jorah be pleased that he gift be pleasing . he glance at khal drogo , bow again , and step back . illyrio snap he finger . four burly slave hurry forward , bear between they a great cedar chest bound in bronze . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52. illyrio bow low and gesture for dany to open the chest . Inside , rest on a pile of fine velvet and damask , be three large egg : one green , one cream , one black . she take one into she hand . the egg shimmer like polished metal . the surface of the shell be cover with tiny scale . illyrio Dragon 's egg , from the shadow land beyond asshai . the age have turn they to stone , but they will always be beautiful . visery , stand beside ser jorah , roll he eye . viserys fake , of course . Fake or real , the egg mesmerize dany . she roll it in she hand , let the light play off the shell . daenarys thank you , magister . I owe you everything . khal drogo walk into the crowd . the dothraki part for he . daenery , confuse , try to hide she anxiety . the dothraki look back at she . to she , they be a exotic people , but to they she be like a visitor from another planet . they have never see a girl with silver hair and violet eye before . drogo reemerges from the crowd , lead a splendid young filly , gray as the winter sea . everyone wait to see how dany will react . hesitantly she reach out to stroke the horse 's neck , run she finger through its mane . drogo say something in the dothraki tongue and illyrio translate . illyrio Silver for the silver of you hair , the khal say . daenerys ( murmure ) she 's beautiful . drogo step forward , put he hand on dany 's waist , lift she as easily as if she be a child 's doll , and place she on the filly 's thin saddle . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 53. the dothraki stare at they new queen . daenerys ( to illyrio ) what should I do ? ser jorah answer for the magister . jorah take the rein and ride . you do not have to go far . dany gather the rein and slip she foot into the stirrup . she squeeze gently with she knee and the filly break into a trot . at first dany seem frighten , but as the crowd part for she and the speed increase , she smile . she send the filly into a gallop through the campground , and now the dothraki be hoot and laugh and shouting at she , impressed by they new khaleesi 's spirit . at full speed dany and the filly circle back , a little out of control . a fire pit loom ahead , directly in they path . they be hemmed in on either side by holler dothraki . there be no way out but straight ahead . the silver horse leap the flame as if she have wing . the crowd cheer . dany pull up beside illyrio . daenerys tell khal drogo he have give I the wind . illyrio translate the line . and for the first time that we have see , khal drogo smile . the bloodrider bring forth the khal 's horse , a lean red stallion , and drogo mount . visery approach daenery on she filly . he look very pleasant as he grip he sister 's leg . viserys make he happy . his finger dig into she thigh and daenery flinch . khal drogo trot off on he stallion and dany follow behind , look back at visery and illyrio and ser jorah . the exhilaration that brighten she face a minute before be go . the fear be back . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 54. ext . meadow - dusk drogo drive he stallion at a hard trot , the tiny silver bell in he long braid ringing softly as he ride . dany follow behind . the sun be down and the darken sky above she head be vast and ominous . they ride through a meadow of cattail and tall grass . ext . stream - dusk drogo stop at a grassy spot beside a gently - flow stream . he swing off he horse and lift dany off hers . she stand there , helpless and tremble in she wedding silk , while drogo secure the horse to a nearby tree . when he return dany start to cry . drogo stare at she , he face strangely empty of expression . he rub away she tear with a calluse thumb . khal drogo no . daenerys you know the common tongue ? khal drogo no . he touch she hair lightly , slide the silver strand between he finger and murmure softly in dothraki . dany do not understand the word , but there be a warmth in he tone , a tenderness she have not expect . he put he finger under she chin and lift she head , so she be look he in the eye . drogo tower over she the way he tower over everyone . take she lightly under the arm he lift she and seat she on a round rock beside the stream . he sit on the ground face she , leg cross beneath he . finally they face be at the same height . khal drogo no . daenerys be that the only word you know ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 55 . he do not reply . his long heavy braid be coiled in the dirt beside he . he begin to remove the ring and bell . after a moment , dany lean forward to help . when they be do , drogo nod . dany hesitates and then understand : she begin to undo he braid . he sit silently , watch she . when she be do he shake he head and the hair spread out behind he like a river of darkness . now it 's he turn . drogo undress she , he finger deat and strangely gentle . he remove she silk one by one while dany sit unmove , stare at he dark eye . when he bare she small breast , she avert she eye and cover herself with she hand . khal drogo no . he pull she hand away from she breast , gentle but firm . he lift she face again to make she look at he . khal drogo no . he pull off the last of she silk . she shiver in the evening wind . khal drogo , still sit with he leg cross , look at she , drink in she body with he eye . he run he hand gently down she leg . he stroke she face , trace the curve of she ear , run a finger over she lip . he turn she around , kissing she from the nape of she neck to the small of she back . he pull she down into he lap . dany be flushed and breathless . he cup she face in he huge hand and she look into he eye . khal drogo no ? she take he hand and move it between she thigh . daenerys yes . ext . winterfell - courtyard - dawn near the main gate , the King 's hunt party be almost ready to leave . hullen the horse master check the saddle ; other retainer sharpen spear and ready the hound . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 56. jory , theon , ser rodrik , benjen and tyrion outfit themselves . tyrion do so very , very slowly ; badly hang -over , he look like day - old death as he turn to benjen : tyrion if I get through this without squirting from one end or the other , it will be a miracle . a few yard deeper into the courtyard , ned sit on a bench , strapping a leather - and -steel vambrace to he forearm . he seem preoccupy and careworn as King Robert step up behind he and give he a friendly shake of the shoulder . ROBERT you as good with a spear as you use to be ? ned smile , hide he worry from the happy king . ned no . but I be still better than you . Robert laugh . as one of the king 's squire kneel beside Robert and begin lace padded half - greave onto the king 's leg , Robert squeeze ned 's shoulder . ROBERT I know how much you love it up here . come south with I , serve as my Hand -- I know it 's not what you want . you be a loyal friend . you hear I ? a loyal friend . the last one I have get . ned stand . the two man clasp hand . ned I hope I 'il serve you well . ROBERT you will . and I ‘’1l make sure you do not look so fuck grim all the time . ned smile and look to the hunt party . ned I hear the southern boar be twice as nasty as the one up here . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 57. ROBERT oh , you will not have time for hunt . you 'il be too busy wrangle the snake that call themselves my court . the king laugh , throw he heavy arm across ned 's shoulder , and lead he towards the horse . at the other end of the courtyard , bran watch the hunt party mount they horse . he want very badly to go with they , but he 's too young . about fifty yard to he right , he see jon snow sullenly watch the hunt party as well . jon have be leave behind himself , for different reason . bran try to wave to he , but jon sulk off without see he . bran sigh , he mood sink further . but he hear a small growl at he foot . he look down to see he wolf pup -- as yet unnamed -- jerk he head back and forth , with bran 's pant leg clamp between he jaw . finally , bran smile . bran come on , you . he run off . his wolf bound after he . ext . winterfell - first keep - morning with he wolf at he heel , bran run toward the first keep , the oldest part of the castle . he reach the squat round tower and look up . the keep have be desert for year ; its crown have begin to crumble , and moss grow between the stone . High above , it be festoon with gargoyle lean blindly over empty space . bran turn to the pup . bran lie down . now stay . the wolf do as he be tell . bran scratch he behind the ear , then find a handhold in the keep wall and begin to climb , move from stone to stone quickly and instinctively . when bran be about ten foot up , he wolf rise to he foot and begin to howl . bran look down . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58. his wolf fall silent . there 's something eerily implore about the way the animal look up at he through slitted yellow eye . he do not want bran to keep climb . bran start climb again . his wolf start howling again . bran shout down sternly : bran quiet ! sit! stay ! the wolf continue to howl , until bran be far , far above he . then he drop back down onto he stomach and whine . bran scramble up the rough - cut stone of the ancient tower . he climb with no fear and no hesitation . when he get high enough he begin swinging from gargoyle to gargoyle . he know where to find every handhold and foothold . he be near the top when a woman 's voice from inside the tower startles he , nearly cause he to lose he grip . woman 's voice I do not like it . you should be the Hand . man' voice there 's a honor I can do without . Far too much work involved . cling to a gargoyle , bran look down , past he dangle foot . the voice come from a row of glassless window below . woman 's voice do not you see how dangerous this be ? Robert love the man like a brother . we will have to watch he ... man' voice ( lazy ; seductive ) I have rather watch you . come back here . bran reach for the next gargoyle over . it seem too far , he will not make it ... but bran have climb this tower a hundred time . he swing over to the second gargoyle , straddle the stone monster 's back , tighten he leg and turn himself upside down . perched like a bat , bran be able to look in through the window . from he vantage he can not see the couple 's face . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 59 . a fur cloak have be laid on the stone floor of the unlit chamber . a naked woman lie belly down on the fur . a naked man lie on he side beside she , mostly hide by the shadow . they voice echo strangely off the ancient stone . woman 's voice Stark have never care about the south . never . he want to move against we . why else would he leave this place ? he 's like a king himself up here . man' voice maybe he just want to be warm for once in he life . the naked man grab she by the hair and force she to rise to all four . she gasp with pain . woman 's voice stop ... he do not stop . keeping one hand on she hair , he push himself to he knee . he seize she hip with he free hand and pull she toward he , thrust deep into she . woman 's voice ( moan ) stop it ... stop it ... please ... her voice be low and she do not push he away ; the harder he pull she hair , the more she moan . bran have no idea what to make of all this . he try to get a better view and in do so he sleeve brushes against the stone edge of the empty window . the woman turn and stare right at bran . Queen cersei scream . everything happen at once . cersei push the man away , shouting and point . bran try to pull himself up , bend double as he reach for the gargoyle 's head . in he panic he hand scrape uselessly against smooth stone , he leg slip , and suddenly he be fall . he shoot out a hand and grab the window ledge . his momentum force he to swing against the wall , hard , knock the wind out of he . he dangle one -hande , panting . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 60. face appear in the window above he : cersei and she twin brother , Jaime . cersei he see we . as distraught as the queen look , Jaime simply seem amused , watch the terrify boy with a small smile . bran 's finger start to slip . he grab the ledge with he other hand . fingernail dig into unyield stone . Jaime reach down . jaime take my hand . bran seize Jaime 's arm and hold on with all he strength . Jaime yank he up to the ledge with no apparent effort and stand he on the window sill . cersei what be you do ? jaime ( ignore she ) how old be you , boy ? bran eight . now that he 's safe , bran tremble , realize how close he come to die . he release Jaime 's arm . Jaime look at he sister . there be loathing in he voice : jaime the thing I do for love . he shove bran . the boy fall backward out the window , scream , the courtyard rush up to meet he . somewhere in the distance , a wolf howl . crow circle the break tower . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library