gandhi written by John briley final draft exterior - sky - day the camera be move toward a indian city . we be high and far away , only the sound of the wind as we grow nearer and nearer , and through the pass cloud this word appear : " no man 's life can be encompass in one tell . there be no way to give each year its allot weight , to include each event , each person who help to shape a lifetime . what can be do be to be faithful in spirit to the record , and to try to find one 's way to the heart of the man ... " and now we be approach the city , the squalor of the little shanty dwelling around the outskirt , the shadow of large factory ... and as we move nearer , coursing over the parched terrain , the tiny field of cultivation , strand of sound be woven through the main title , borne on the wind , image from the life we be seek : british : " who the hell be he ?! " , lower class british : " I do not know , sir . " ... " my name be Gandhi . mohandas K. Gandhi . " ... a woman 's voice , tender , soft : " you be my best friend , my high guru ... and my sovereign lord . " ... a man ( Gandhi ) : " I be ask you to fight ! " ... a angry aristocratic English voice : " at home child be write ' essay ' about he ! " ... the sound of mass rifle fire , scream ... exterior - CITY - day and now we be over the city , come in toward a particular street in the affluent suburb of New Delhi ... there be a few car ( it be 1948 ) , and we be close on a milling crowd near the entrance to one of the larger home . we see saris , indian tunic , a sprinkle of " Gandhi " cap , several tonga ( two - wheeled , horse - draw taxi ) ... the shred of sound continue -- american woman , flirtatious , intimate : " you be the only man I know who make he own clothes . " Gandhi 's laugh ... the sound of rioting , woman 's cry and scream of terror ... a american voice : " this man of peace " ... and as the title end we begin to pick up the sound of the street ... a Australian and he wife , a BBC correspondent ... all in pass , as the camera finally close and hold on one young man : godse . birla house - exterior - day godse step from a tonga as the crowd begin to move toward a entrance - way at the back of a long wall . house servant voice he will be say prayer in the garden -- just follow the other . in contrast to that about he , there be tension in godse 's face , a air of danger in he movement . he glance at two policeman who be talk casually , absorb in they own gossip -- then he look back at another tonga that pull up just behind he . two young man ( apte and karkare ) meet godse 's gaze , and again we get the sense of imminent danger . they descend and pay they driver absently , they eye watch the crowd . sitting along in the shadow of a stationary tonga a little distance down the street a elderly man ( prakash ) with a short , close - cropped beard and the taut , sink flesh of a cadaver be watch ... apte and karkare look back at he . there be just the slight acknowledgment and then prakash lift he eye to the gate , as though to tell they to be about they business . the gate at birla house - exterior - day godse hesitates before approach the two gardener who nonchalantly flank the entrance . he stiffen himself , cautiously touch something under he khaki jacket , then glance back at the stoic face of prakash . prakash 's gaze be as firm and unrelent as a death 's head . godse turn back , wetting he lip nervously , then move into the middle of a group go through the gate . garden - birla house - exterior - twilight a fairly numerous crowd be gather here , informally fill the area on one side of a walk that lead to a little pavilion -- some devout , some curious , some just eager to be near the great man . godse move forward through they toward the front just as hushed voice begin to remark -- " I see he . " " here he come ! " " which one be manu ? " ... apte and karkare move to different side of godse , stay a little behind , they movement sly and wary , aware of people watch . feature Gandhi . we see he distantly through the crowd . the brown , wiry figure cloak only in loincloth and shawl , still weak from he last fast and move without he customary spring and energy as he be support by he two grand niece , he " walk stick , " manu and abha . we do not see he clearly until the very last moment -- only glimpsis of he as he smile , and exchange little joke with some of the crowd and the two young woman who support he , occasionally join he hand together in greeting to someone in particular , then once more proceeding with a hand on the shoulder of each of the girl . the camera keep move closer , and the point of view be always godse 's , but Gandhi be always in profile or half obscure by the head and shoulder of that in front . we hear the occasional click of a camera , and we intercut with shot of godse move tensely up through the crowd , of apte and karkare on the periphery of the crowd , watch with sudden fear and apprehension , like man paralyse by the presence of danger . feature godse . he slide through to the very front rank . his breathe be short and there be perspiration around the side of he temple . and now , for a instant we see Gandhi close from he point of view . he be only a few step away , but turn to speak to someone on the other side , and manu half obscure he . godse swallow dryly , tension lining he face -- then he move boldly out into Gandhi 's path , bump manu , knock a vessel for incense from she hand . manu ( gently ) brother -- bapu be already late for prayer . ignoring she , he nerve even more taut , godse join he hand together and bow in greeting to the mahatma . and now we see Gandhi in full shot . the cheap glass , the nut -brown head , the warm , eager eye . he smile and join he hand together to exchange godse 's greeting . godse move he right hand rapidly from the stance of prayer to he jacket , in a instant -- it hold a gun , and he fire point blank at Gandhi -- loud , startling -- once , twice ... thrice . Gandhi 's white shawl be stain with blood as he fall . gandhi oh , God ... oh , God ... amid the scream and sound of chaos we dissolve through to kingsway - new DELHI - exterior - day Close shot . soldier 's foot move in the slow step , half - step , step of the requiem march ... full shot . the huge funeral procession -- crowd such as have never be see on the screen mass along the route . people everywhere , cling to monument , lamp standard , tree -- and as the camera pull back from the funeral cortege it reveal more and more ... and more . all be silent . we only hear a strange , rhythmic shuffle , pierce by a occasional wail of grief . we see the soldier and sailor lining the route , they hand lock together in one seemingly endless chain . we see the two hundred man of the Army , navy and Air Force draw the Army weapon - carrier that bear the body of Gandhi . and finally we see Gandhi lie on the weapon - carrier , surround by flower , a tiny figure in this ocean of grief and reverence . the commentator ' rostrum - kingsway - new DELHI - exterior - day commentator from all over the world be cover the ceremony . we concentrate on one , let we say the most distinguished american broadcaster of the time , Edward R. murrow , who sit on the makeshift platform , a microphone mark " CBS " before he , describe the procession as technician and staff move quietly around he . murrow ( clipped , weight ) ... the object of this massive tribute die as he have always live -- a private man without wealth , without property , without official title or office ... kingsway - new DELHI - exterior - day as the cortege continue on its way , we get shot of the march soldier , of the face of sikh , and Tamils , anglo - Indians , Moslems from the north , marathas from the south , blue -ey parse , dark -skin keralan ... murrow' voice - over mahatma Gandhi be not a commander of great army nor ruler of vast land , he could boast no scientific achievement , no artistic gift ... yet man , government and dignitary from all over the world have join hand today to pay homage to this little brown man in the loincloth who lead he country to freedom ... we see the throng , follow the weapon - carrier bier of Gandhi as it slowly inch its way along the kingsway . mountbatten , tall , handsome , bemedalled , walk at the head of dignitary from many land ... and behind they a broad mass of Indians . for a moment we see they sandall foot move along the roadway and realize they quiet , rhythmic shuffle be the only noise this vast assemblage have produce . murrow' voice - over Pope pius , the archbishop of canterbury , President Truman , Chiang kai-shek , the foreign Minister of Russia , the President of France ... be among the million here and abroad who have lament he pass . in the word of General George c. Marshall , the american Secretary of State , " mahatma Gandhi have become the spokesman for the conscience of mankind ... " in the crowd follow the bier we pick out the tall , English figure of mirabehn , dress in a sari , she face taut in a grief that seem ready to break like the gange in flood . near she a tall , heavy - set man , germanic , still powerful of build and mien though he white hair and deep line suggest a man well into he sixty ( kallenbach ) . he too march with a kind of numb air of loss that be too personal for national mourn . on the edge of the street a american newspaperman ( Walker ) watch as the bier pass he . he have be make note , but he hand stop now and we see the profile of Gandhi from he point of view as the weapon - carrier silently roll by . it be personal , close . Walker clenches he tooth and there be moisture in he eye as he look down . he try to bring he attention to he pad again , but he heart be not in it and he stare with hollow emptiness at the street and the horde of pass foot follow the bier . murrow' voice -over ...a man who make humility and simple truth more powerful than empire . " and Albert Einstein add , " generation to come will scarce believe that such a one as this ever in flesh and blood walk upon this earth . " the camera pick out that who ride on the weapon -carrier with Gandhi 's body ... the stout , blunt , but now shattered Patel , Gandhi 's son , devada , the strong , almost fierce face of Maulana azad , now angry at the god themselves ... and finally pandit Nehru -- a face with the strength of a hero , the sensitivity of a poet , and now wounded like the son of a loving father . murrow' voice -over ... but perhaps to this man of peace , to this fighter who fight without malice or falsehood or hate , the tribute he would value most have come from General Douglas mcarthur : " if civilization be to survive , " the General say this morning , " all man cannot fail to adopt Gandhi 's belief that the use of force to resolve conflict be not only wrong but contain within itself the germ of we own self - destruction . " ... a news truck be park in the mass of the crowd . as the cortege near , the photographer on it stand to snap they picture . there be a newsreel crew center . the camera feature a woman photographer ( Margaret bourke - White ) who sit with she leg dangle over the side of the truck , she famous camera hold loosely in she hand , un -regarded , as she watch the body of Gandhi approach . the intelligent feature be betrayed by the emotion in she eye . for a instant we see Gandhi from she point of view , and read the personal impact it have on she . murrow' voice - over perhaps for the rest of we , the most satisfy comment on this tragedy come from the impudent New York pm which today write , " there be still hope for a world which react as reverently as ours have to the death of a man like Gandhi . " ... the camera be high and we see the cortege from the rear , move off down the vast esplanade , its narrowing path parting the sea of humanity like a long trail across a weaving plain ... and as the shuffle sound of sandall foot fade in the distance we dissolve through to railroad - south africa - exterior - night with the camera high we see a railroad track stretch out across a darkly verdant plain , and suddenly the whistle of a train as its engine and light sweep under the camera , startling we as it sweep across the moonlit landscape . track with the train . we begin at the guard 's van , dwelling for a moment on the word " South African railways , " then pass on to the dimly light third class coaches in the rear of the train , move past the crowded black and Indians in the spare wooden accommodation ... there be two or three such coaches , then a second class coach ... cushion seat , better lighting , a smatter of european : farmer , clerk , young family . they clothes indicate the date : the early 1890s . the conductor be work he way through this coach , check ticket ... the track continue to the first class coach -- linen over the seat , well - light luxurious compartment . we pass a single european , and then come to rest on the back of a young indian dress in a rather dandify victorian attire , and read as a Black porter stow he luggage . first CLASS coach - south african railways - interior - night feature the young indian . it be the young Gandhi -- a full head of hair , a somewhat sensuous face , only the eye help we to identify he as the man we see at Birla House , the figure on the bier in Delhi . he be lose in he book and there be a slight smile on he face as though what he read intrigue and surprise he . he grin suddenly at some insight , then look out of the window , weigh the idea . as he do the european pass the compartment and stop dead on see a indian face in the first class section . the porter glance at the european nervously . Gandhi pivot to the porter , hold he place in the book , miss the european , who have move on down the corridor , altogether . we see the cover of the book : the Kingdom of God be within you , by Leo tolstoy . gandhi tell I -- do you think about hell ? porter ( stare at he blankly ) " Hell ! " gandhi ( the eternal , earnest sophomore ) no -- neither do i. but ... ( he point abruptly to the book ) but this man be a Christian and he have write -- the porter have glance down the corridor , where from he point of view we can just glimpse the european talk with the conductor . porter Excuse I , baa , but how long have you be in South Africa ? gandhi ( puzzle ) a -- a week . porter well , I do not know how you get a ticket for -- he look up suddenly then turn back quickly to he work . Gandhi glance at the door to see what have frighten he so . the european and the conductor push open the door and stride in . conductor here -- coolie , just what be you do in this car ? Gandhi be incredulous that he be be address in such a manner . gandhi why -- I -- I have a ticket . a first class ticket . conductor how do you get hold of it ? gandhi I send for it in the post . I be a attorney , and I do not have time to -- he 's take out the ticket but there be a bit of bluster in he attitude and it be cut off by a cold rebuff from the european . european there be no color attorney in South Africa . go and sit where you belong . he gesture to the back of the train . Gandhi be nonpluss and beginning to feel a little less sure of himself . the porter , want to avoid trouble , reach for Gandhi 's suitcase . porter I will take you luggage back , baa . gandhi no , no -- just a moment , please . he reach into this waistcoat and produce a card which he present to the conductor . gandhi you see , mohandas K. Gandhi , Attorney at Law . I be go to pretoria to conduct a case for a indian trading firm . european do not you hear I ? there be no color attorney in South Africa ! Gandhi be still puzzle by he belligerence , but be beginning to react to it , this time with a touch of irony . gandhi Sir , I be call to the bar in London and enrol in the High Court of chancery -- I be therefore a attorney , and since I be -- in you eye -- color -- I think we can deduce that there be at least one color attorney in South Africa . the porter stare -- amaze ! european smart bloody kaffir -- throw he out ! he turn and walk out of the compartment . conductor you move you damn sammy carcass back to third class or I will have you throw off at the next station . gandhi ( anger , a touch of panic ) I always go first class ! I have travel all over England and I have never ... maritzburg station - exterior - night Gandhi 's luggage be throw onto the station platform . a blast of steam from the engine . a policeman and the conductor be pull Gandhi from the first class car . Gandhi be cling to the safety rail by the door , a briefcase clutch firmly in one hand . the european crack on Gandhi 's hand with he fist , break Gandhi 's grip and the policeman and conductor push he across the platform . it be ugly and demean . disgustedly , the conductor shake himself and signal for the train to start . Gandhi rights himself on the platform , pick up he briefcase , he face a mixture of rage , humiliation , impotence . the conductor hurl Gandhi 's book at he foot as the train start to move . Gandhi pick up the book , look off at the depart train . a lamp swinging in the wind alternately throw he face into light and darkness . his point of view . the Black porter stare out of a window at he , then we see the european take he seat again , righteously . the conductor stand in the door , watch Gandhi even as the train pull out . then the second class coach , with people stand at the window to stare at Gandhi -- then the third class coaches , again with black and a few Indians look at Gandhi with mystification and a touch of fear . Gandhi stand with a study air of defiance as the train pull away -- but when it be go he be suddenly very aware of he isolation and look around the cold , dark platform with self - conscious embarrassment . a Black railway worker look as if he would like to express sympathy , but he cannot find the courage and turn away from Gandhi 's gaze , pull he collar up against the pierce wind . the policeman who pull Gandhi from the train talk with the ticket - taker under the gas-lit entrance gate , both of they stare off at Gandhi . a indian woman near the entrance sit in a woolen sari , she face half - veile . a small child sleep in she arm , and there be a tatter bundle of clothing at she foot . she turn away from Gandhi 's gaze as though it bring the plague itself . mr . baker' live room - interior - night feature Gandhi . as if a reverse angle from the previous shot , he be angry , baffle , defiant . gandhi but you be a rich man -- why do you put up with it ? we be in a large victorian parlor in a well - to - do home . facing Gandhi be Khan , a tall , impressive indian . Singh , slighter and older than Khan , but wiry and look capable of physical as well as intellectual strength , and Khan 's twenty - year - old son , tyeb Mohammed . khan ( a shrug ) I be rich -- but I be indian . I therefore do not expect to travel first class . it be say with a dignity and strength that make the statement all the more bewilder . Gandhi look around helplessly . we see Mr. Baker , a wealthy white lawyer , whose home this be , poke at the fire , slightly amused at Gandhi 's naïveté . gandhi in England , I be a poor student but I -- khan that be England . Gandhi be hold a british legal document ; he lift it pointedly . gandhi this part of " England 's " Empire ! singh Mr. Gandhi , you look at Mr. Khan and see a successful Muslim trader . the South african see he simply as a indian . and the vast majority of Indians -- mostly hindu like yourself -- ( there be a moment of blink embarrassment from Gandhi at this mention of he own religion ) be bring here to work the mine and harvest the crop -- and the european do not want they do anything else . Gandhi look at Mr. Baker almost in disbelief . gandhi but that be very un - Christian . Mr. Baker smother a smile . tyeb mohammed Mr. Gandhi , in this country Indians be not allow to walk along a pavement with a " Christian " ! Gandhi look at Khan incredulously . gandhi you mean you employ Mr. Baker as you attorney , but you can not walk down the street with he ? khan I can . but I risk be kick into the gutter by someone less " holy " than Mr. Baker . he smile , but he eye show that it be no joke . Gandhi glance from one to the other they -- absorb the inconceivable . and then almost before we eye he innocence of the world fuse with he anger at the injustice of it all . gandhi well , then , it must be fight . we be child of God like everyone else . khan ( dryly ) Allah be praise . and what battalion will you call upon ? gandhi I -- I will write to the press -- here -- and in England . ( he turn to Baker firmly ) and I will use the court . he lift the document threateningly . singh you will make a lot of trouble . its tone be chill , and Gandhi 's firmness be shake a little . gandhi we be member of the Empire . and we come from a ancient civilization . why should we not walk on the pavement like other man ? the sturdy Khan be study he with a look of wry interest . khan I rather like the idea of a indian barrister in South Africa . I be sure we community could keep you in work for some time , Mr. Gandhi -- even if you cause a good deal of trouble . ( Gandhi react uncertainly . ) especially if you cause a good deal of trouble . Gandhi glance at tyeb Mohammed and Baker , then stiffen , plainly frighten by the challenge , but just as plainly determine to take it . mosque - exterior - day we see a rather crudely stitched sign : " indian Congress Party of South Africa . " Gandhi , now sport a moustache , stand with Khan and Singh near a fire that have be start in the open area before the mosque . a wire basket have be place on support over the fire . before they , a small crowd , mostly indian ( hindus , sikh , Muslims ) , but with a few whites draw by curiosity . Gandhi whisper , try to ignore the crowd . gandhi there 's the English reporter . I tell you he would come . we see the English reporter wait skeptically . near he , try to be inconspicuous on the edge of the small crowd , be five policeman ( one sergeant and four constable ) . a horse -drawn paddy wagon be draw up beside they . khan you also say you article would draw a thousand people . ( if the crowd number 100 they be lucky . ) at least some of the hindus bring they wife . we see five or six woman in saris stand together . gandhi no . I ask my wife to organize that . we feature Gandhi 's wife , ba , stand at the front of the woman . she possess a surprising delicacy of feature , with large expressive eye and a beautiful mouth -- but at this moment she be ill at ease and uncertain , force herself to do that which she would rather not . singh ( alarmed ) some of they be leave ... Gandhi wet he lip nervously . he glance with a little apprehension at the police , then take he note from he pocket and move to the front of the fire . he hold up he hand for attention . he force a smile -- then start read -- gandhi lady and gentlemen , we have ask you to gather here to help we proclaim we right to be treat as equal citizen of the Empire . it be flat and dull , like someone read a speech to themselves , and that in the crowd who have hesitate before wander off shrug and continue on they way . Gandhi be unnerve by it a little but he struggle on -- louder , but just as colorlessly . gandhi we do not seek conflict . we know the strength of the force array against we , know that because of they we can only use peaceful mean -- but we be determine that justice will be do ! this last have come more firmly , and he lift he head to the crowd , as though expect a reaction . Three or four commit supporter applaud as on cue , but he technique be so inexpert that it draw nothing but blank face from the bulk of they . he glance nervously at ba , who be embarrassed for they both now . she wrap she sari more closely around she and she expression be a wife 's " I tell you so " -- sufferance , mortification and loyalty , all in one . Gandhi wet he lip again -- and take a square of cardboard from he pocket -- he " pass . " gandhi the symbol of we status be embody in this pass -- which we must carry at all time , but no european even have to have . he hold it up . a constable glance at the police sergeant . gandhi and the first step to change we status be to eliminate this difference between we . and he turn and drop he pass in the wire basket over the fire . the flame engulf it . the police sergeant 's eye go wide with disbelief . the crowd murmur in shock . at last Gandhi have get a reaction , but the drop of the card have be as matter - of - fact as he speak , with none of the drama one might expect from so startling a gesture . even so , a constable glance at the police sergeant again , " do we take he ? " . the sergeant just shake he head , " wait . " Khan move up to Gandhi as the tremor of reaction ripple through the crowd . khan ( quietly ) you write brilliantly , but you have much to learn about handle man . he take Gandhi 's note from he , and face the crowd . khan ( the read not fluent , but firm and point ) we do not want to ignite ... the fear or hatred of anyone . but we ask you -- hindu , Muslim and sikh -- to help we light up the sky ... and the mind of the british authority -- with we defiance of this injustice . it be the end of the speech . he look at the crowd . no one know quite what to do . Gandhi harumph -- gesture to a shallow box Singh hold . kahn turn back , extemporize rather lamely . khan we will now burn the pass of we committee and its supporter . we ask you to put you pass on the fire with -- police sergeant oh , no , you bloody well do not ! he have step forward with he constable , who have face the crowd , halting the tentative movement of the few commit supporter toward the fire . police sergeant that pass be government property ! and I will arrest the first man who try to burn one ! he be face the crowd . behind he , Khan hold himself erect and slowly take he own card from he pocket . he hold it aloft and then lower it resolutely into the wire basket . the crowd react and the sergeant turn just in time to see it drop in the flame . police sergeant take he away ! he gesture to a constable , who turn from the crowd and march to Khan , seize he by the arm and march he to the paddy wagon . as he pass the sergeant , the sergeant take he billy club , and face the crowd , rapping the club menacingly against he hand . police sergeant now -- be there any more ?! behind he , Gandhi waver indecisively a moment , then take the box from Singh and move to the fire . ba hold she hand to she mouth -- terrify . again the crowd 's reaction turn the sergeant . Gandhi be at the fire . for a second , he eye lock with the sergeant 's -- and then nervously , he take a card and drop it in the wire basket , and another . police sergeant you little sammy bastard -- I -- he have leapt across the distance between they , knock the box from Gandhi 's hand , send the card fly and shove Gandhi to the ground . he turn and face the crowd angrily , point the billy club threateningly . police sergeant you want that kind of trouble -- you can have it ! again , a murmur from the crowd turn he . Gandhi , on he hand and knee , blood trickle from he abrade cheek , have pick up a card from the ground and he lean forward apprehensively , he eye fearfully on the sergeant , but he drop it defiantly in the basket . the sergeant 's fury burst -- and he slam the billy club down on Gandhi 's head . Gandhi sag to the ground . ba scream . she start to run to he , but the other woman seize she . BA let I go ! she fight loose , but one of the constable take she firmly . the sergeant turn from the commotion to see that Gandhi , he head ooze blood , have crawle to he knee again and be pick up another card . the crowd watch . the newspaper reporter watch . ba stare in anguish . Gandhi lift the card . the sergeant stare at he , angry but he emotion somewhat in control after the first blow . sergeant stop ! a instant of hesitation , then Gandhi drop the card into the basket . the sergeant almost stop , but he strike again . a quiver of distaste at he own act cross he face as Gandhi sag . ba 's anguish face be wet with tear . the newspaper reporter stare without make note . Khan , at the paddy wagon , watch in wonder . Gandhi , he head bleed badly now , rise to he knee -- a breath and he grope around the ground for another card . his finger finally clutch one . the sergeant stare , he face wrack with uncertainty and confusion . Gandhi lift the card and painfully hold it over the fire , then drop it in the basket . the sergeant slam the billy club down again -- firmly , but with a manifest reluctance . the crowd watch breathlessly , the newspaper reporter stare . the sergeant draw a breath , grasp the club , but he bite he lip as he see Gandhi lift he head feebly , he shaking hand , stain with he own blood , grop for another card ... gandhi be bedroom - south africa - interior - night ba be gently remove Gandhi 's suit coat , stare fearfully at a bandage on he head , another along the side of he face . the room be gaslit , overfurnished in the victorian manner . Middle class . Gandhi sit carefully on the bed , where some newspaper be spread out , English - language one among they . gandhi you save the papers . ba reach forth , gently touch the bandage on he head . BA I wish you be still struggle for work in bombay . Gandhi do not take he eye from the papers , but he shake he head . gandhi I hate that -- all the pettiness , the little corruption . ( a reflective grin . ) and I be more laugh stock than lawyer . he smile whimsically , then turn back to the papers . gandhi but they need I here . if I would never be throw off that train , perhaps no one would ever have need I . ba stare at the back of he head , wounded by that remark , bear it as stoically as he bore the blow against he . gandhi ( read ) " a high court judge have confirm that Mr. Gandhi would have be within he rights to prosecute for assault since neither he nor Mr. Khan resist arrest . " -- I tell you about English law . BA as I tell you about English policeman . before Gandhi can retort there be a knock on the door . gandhi yes ? a small , round ayah ( a indian nursemaid ) push open the door and proudly admit she charge , Gandhi 's son : harilal ( ten ) , manilal ( six ) and ramdas ( two ) . they be all dress in european suit , tie and stiff collar . they step forward , one by one , make the pranam ( the hindu gesture of greeting ) , then bend and touch the hand and lip to Gandhi 's foot in the traditional obeisance of child to father . harilal we be glad to have you back , bapu . Gandhi smile . gandhi and I be glad to be back . ( he hold he hand out to ramdas . ) come ... and ramdas run to he and Gandhi bend to kiss he as ramdas put he arm around he neck . BA be careful ! Gandhi pat he indulgently , then carefully stand erect , look at they all with satisfaction . gandhi tomorrow I will tell you what it feel like to be a jailbird . the two older boy show the expect apprehension -- and interest . Gandhi nod to the ayah . she clap she hand smartly . ayah come . come . the boy bow and leave like boy use to household discipline . the ayah close the door and we hear they chatter at they go down the hall . gandhi just like proper English gentleman . I be proud of they . BA they be boy . -- and they be indian . Gandhi be stretch out on the bed , take up another paper . gandhi hm . will you take this off ? ( he touch the bandage on he cheek ) it pinch every time I speak . ba come and sit down on the bed beside he , maneuver so that she can get at the bandage . gandhi here , you see ? even the South African papers apologize -- " a monstrous attack . " BA ( of the tape , as she be about to pull it ) be you sure ? gandhi ( impatiently ) yes -- I can not talk like this . ba pause and look at he mischievously , as though that 's not a bad idea . he scowl at she , then recognize she " joke " and grin . gandhi pull ! ba pull one of the strand of tape and Gandhi flinch . gandhi oww ! BA ( mockingly ) Mr. Khan say they call you brave . Gandhi be nursing the moustache ; he look at she wryly . gandhi if you would let I teach you to read , you could see for yourself . she lean forward to pull at the remain piece . BA I could have tell they you be merely foolish . Gandhi be watch she as she lean across he , she beauty and proximity obviously stir he . gandhi it prove what I tell you . if I have prosecute he as everyone advise -- even you -- they would have hate I -- by show forgiveness I -- ouch ! she have pull the other piece . BA there ... and she slowly pries the gauze free from the strand of hair above he lip . as she do Gandhi watch she more and more intently , and slip he arm around she back . gandhi ( as though continue the argument ) you see there be such a thing as moral force -- and it can be harness . ba examine the bandage and gently touch the wound , but she be aware of he burn eye and arm around she back . BA not always . you have tell I twice now that you be give up the pleasure of the flesh . it slow Gandhi uneasily for a moment and ba must grin at he discomfiture . he lean back -- still hold she , but look at the ceiling . gandhi I be . I be convinced the holy man be right . when you give up , you gain . the simpler you life the better . ba make a moue of acceptance and start to pull free of he -- but he arm still hold she . she smother a smile and lie down , she face next to he , but neither of they look at each other . a long beat ... and then Gandhi turn he head . she be aware of he eye on she , but she do not move . Gandhi lean forward and touch he lip to she neck . gandhi I will fast tomorrow -- as a penance . ba smile . still not look at he , she place she hand behind he head , gently . BA if you enjoy it a great deal you must fast for two day . Gandhi laugh ... and bury she in love . STREET and courtyard of government build - johannesburg - exterior - morning General smut -- sit erect and impose on a beautiful chestnut horse -- ride down a tree-line street . he wear civilian clothes with riding boot and breech . behind he , a junior british officer ride as escort . he turn into the entrance - way of a impose building . the hoof of smut 's horse clatter on the cobblestone as the General ride into the courtyard . two sentries come smartly to attention . a stable boy rush to take the horse , and a tall civil servant approach the General busily as he dismount . tall civil servant the London papers have arrive from the cape , sir . smut yes -- ? the tall civil servant check he note . tall civil servant the worst be the Daily mail , sir . they say , " the burn of pass by Mr. Gandhi be the most significant act in colonial affair since the declaration of Independence . " smut have give the rein to the stable boy . smut do they ? well , they will find we be a little better prepare this time . Mr. Gandhi will find he 's on a long hide to nothing . and he stride into the building , past the smartly salute sentries . gandhi be house - johannesburg - exterior - morning Gandhi come from the house door . he carry a briefcase and be still dress in european clothes , though far less elegant than we have see he in before . his mien , the cut of he hair , all suggest a passage of time . as he turn , he stop because he be face to face with Charlie andrew , a very tall , thin englishman , who wear a rumple white suit and a clerical collar . he have descend from a horse - draw taxi that carry he luggage . he too have stop . for a moment they both appraise each other , neither speak . then charlie you would be Gandhi -- ( Gandhi nod . ) ... I think you would be bigger . gandhi I be sorry . charlie I -- I mean it 's all right . it do not matter . ( he suddenly step forward and thrust out he hand . ) I be -- my name be andrew , Charlie andrew . I have come from India -- I have read a great deal about you . gandhi some of it good , I hope . he turn and wave to the parlor window . the three boy be there -- all bigger -- and ba hold a new addition ; they all wave . and Gandhi turn back , and start down the long , hilly street . gandhi ( to Charlie ) would you care to walk ? he gesture Charlie on and start walk . Charlie nod uncertainly . he look back at the cab in confusion , then signal the driver to follow and hurry on to match stride with Gandhi 's brisk pace . gandhi ( note Charlie 's collar ) you be a clergyman . charlie yes . I have -- I have meet some very remarkable people in India ... and -- and when I read what you have be do here , I -- I want to help . ( he look at Gandhi , then smile awkwardly . ) do that surprise you ? gandhi not anymore . ( and now he smile . ) at first I be amaze ... but when you be fight in a just cause , people seem to pop up -- like you -- right out of the pavement . even when it be dangerous or -- johannesburg suburb - exterior - morning they have come to a turn , nearer to town , the area poorer , run-down . ahead of they three youth ( twenty , twenty - one ) in work clothes , carry lunch box , lean indolently against a building directly in they path . they react to the sight of Gandhi -- fun . then stride the pavement menacingly . one of they toss aside he cigarette . first youth hey -- look what 's comin ' ! second youth a white shepherd lead a brown sammy ! charlie perhaps I should -- Gandhi restrain he and shake he head . gandhi do not the New Testament say , " if you enemy strike you on the right cheek , offer he the leave " ? he start to move forward . Charlie hesitates , then follow nervously , more nervous for Gandhi than himself . charlie I think perhaps the phrase be use metaphorically ... I do not think we Lord mean -- they be get closer . the youth laugh , whisper . gandhi I be not so certain . I have think about it a great deal . I suspect he mean you must show courage -- be willing to take a blow -- several blow -- to show you will not strike back -- nor will you be turn aside ... and when -- one youth have flicked he cigarette -- hard . it land at Gandhi 's foot . he pause , look at the youth . gandhi ... and when you do that it call upon something in human nature -- something that make he hate for you diminish and he respect increase . I think Christ grasp that and I -- I have see it work . he start forward again , he be almost on the youth -- clearly frighten , but ... gandhi good morning . first youth get off the pavement , you bloody -- and he reach forth to haul Gandhi from the pavement , but -- a woman' voice Colin ! Colin ! what be you do ? a woman be lean out of a upstairs window , look down at the fraca disconcertedly . it be the first youth 's mother and she presence reduce the pitch of he hostility considerably . first youth nuthing ... nuthing . we be just clean up the neighborhood a little . a snicker response from the other youth -- but they be embarrassed by the question disapproval of Colin 's mother 's attitude . there 's no note of apology in she cold stare at Gandhi , but she clearly believe she son should not be do what he be do . colin' mother you be already late for work . I think you would go ten minute ago . the moment of crisis have pass . nothing will happen while she be there . Gandhi step back on the pavement , address the first youth . gandhi you will find there 's room for we both . and he step around he , Charlie trail , as the first youth stare at they sullenly . as they stride on , Charlie glance back -- charlie ( relieved ) that be lucky . gandhi I think you be a man of God . charlie ( wittily , but make he point ) I be . but I be not so egotistical as to think he plan his day around my dilemma . Gandhi laugh as they turn the corner . busy STREET - johannesburg - exterior - morning a busy street in the center of the town . Gandhi and Charlie come around the corner into it . gandhi ... you could call it a " communal farm , " I suppose . but we have all come to the same conclusion -- we gita , the Muslim 's Koran or you Bible -- it 's always the simple thing that catch you breath -- " Love thy neighbor as thyself " -- ( he smile , think back at the youth . ) not always practice -- but it 's something we hindus could learn a lot from . he have pause before a office and a young girl ( sonja ) have come from it to speak to he about something of urgency , but she hover , not interrupt . charlie that 's the sort of thing you will be seek on this " farm " ... gandhi ( a smile ) well , we shall try . and now he turn to sonja . behind she we see the small office " m.k. Gandhi / Attorney . " several client wait , most of they conspicuously poor . sonja 's tone be load with forebode . sonja they be go to change the pass law . Gandhi absorb the news stiffly . smuts' office - interior - day a strong masculine hand scrawl a signature across a document . smuts' voice -over it 's take time , but it need to be do fairly . we do not want to create a injustice simply because Mr. Gandhi be abuse we exist legislation . beneath the signature we see the boldly print identification : Jan Christian smut . second voice just one second , sir , please . another angle . a cameraman record the moment with a flash photo . General smut , whose presence be equal to he office , address someone out of shot as a male secretary remove the document . smut but on a short trip , I would not spend too much time on the indian question , Mr. Walker . it 's a tiny factor in South African life . the reporter who stand opposite he be Walker , much , much young , almost boyish compare to the way we see he at the funeral . WALKER ( a helpless shrug ) it 's news at the moment . I will certainly report on you mine and the economy -- but I would like to meet this Mr. Gandhi . smut have rise . he know how to concede with grace . smut of course . we westerner have a weakness for this -- this spiritually inclined man of India . but as a old lawyer , let I warn you , Mr. Gandhi be as shrewd a man as you will ever meet , however " otherworldly " he may seem . but I be sure you be enough of a reporter to see that . the gaze be firm , strong , cynical ... tent - the farm - exterior - day the side be half up , but it be dusty and hot . this be where the magazine indian opinion be print and we see stack of it lie around . a short westerner ( Albert West ) be run the simple printing press which be power by a crude generator . a small staff help he . a sikh , a Muslim , a couple of hindus , two young boy . Gandhi and Walker be approach the tent from the river , Gandhi discoursing earnestly . gandhi ... so it 's not " spiritualism " or " nationalism " -- we be not against anything but the idea that people can not live together . they have reach the entrance to the tent , and he gesture in . gandhi you see -- hindus , Muslims , sikh , Jews -- even Christians . this last remark have be direct toward Charlie andrew , who sit near they at a cluttere table , type on a old typewriter . he wave , and Gandhi shout out to they all over the putt-putt of the generator : gandhi Mr. Walker ! of the New York Times ! they nod . one of the hindus bow with he hand clasped together . Gandhi hand Walker a copy of indian opinion and they start across the relatively barren field toward some other tent , Walker glance at the paper . Gandhi watch he , grin . gandhi without a paper -- a journal of some kind -- you can not unite a community . ( a teasing smile . ) you belong to a very important profession . WALKER hm . and what should a " important professional " write about you response to General smut 's new legislation ? gandhi I do not know ... I be still search for a " response . " WALKER ( a lead question ) you will respect the law . gandhi ( a beat ) there be unjust law -- as there be unjust man . this carry a weight and apprehension that none of the rest of the conversation have . Walker measure Gandhi with a little surprise . WALKER you be a very small minority to take on the government -- and the Empire . Gandhi seem trap by a ineluctable fact . gandhi if you be a minority of one , the truth be the truth . reluctant as it be , it too carry commitment and Walker sense it . but they have come by a site where a building be be erect , and a european ( kallenbach ) be perch above a doorway on the half - complete structure , get a level . some Indians be work below he . Gandhi turn to he , light - heart again . gandhi this be Mr. kallenbach . he be we chief carpenter -- and also we chief benefactor . he have make this experiment possible . Walker wave he notebook at he and kallenbach lift he level in greeting . on he bronze chest there be a Star of David . Walker look around , grin , shaking he head . we see two woman in saris try to quell some squabbling child in the background . WALKER well , it 's quite a place , you " ashram " -- be that right ? gandhi that 's right . the word only mean " community . " but it could stand for " village " ... or the world . Walker look at he appraisingly . WALKER you be a ambitious man . gandhi ( uncertainly ) I hope not . a moment of embarrassed doubt , then he start toward a half - finish building -- wooden side , door , but canvas still cover the roof . it have a awning spread before it . Walker 's carriage be tethere nearby , a Black driver stand in the sun , wait . in the background we see two woman clean a latrine . Walker glance at the latrine . WALKER they tell I you also take you turn at peel potato and clean the " outhouse " -- be that part of the experiment ? as we have approach we see a table set for tea under the awning . there be two place . have set the place , ba be walk along the side of the building , away from they . she glance at Gandhi tautly and deliberately avoid speak or acknowledge he . gandhi ( a little surprised , a little annoyed ) ba -- we will need another place set for Mr. Walker 's driver . ba look at he coldly . BA I will tell sora . she turn back and walk into the building by the rear entrance . Gandhi be disconcert by she attitude , but he try to answer Walker . gandhi it 's one way to learn that each man 's labor be as important as another 's . in fact when you be do it , " clean the outhouse " seem far more important than the law . a grin -- but force . when a girl ( sora ) come from the building bring another cup and place set , Gandhi call to the driver . gandhi please come and join we -- you will need something before you journey back . ( he nod to Walker . ) Excuse I a moment . and he go into the building , determine to find the source of ba 's aloofness . gandhi be hut - interior - day ba be sit sullenly on a carpet near the rear entrance to the building . she do not look up at Gandhi , but she be aware of he presence . he cross and stand in front of she with all the irritation of a husband . it be hushed , aware that Walker might overhear they , but bristle with suppress anger . gandhi what be it ? now ba look at he hostilely . BA sora be send to tell I I -- I must rake and cover the latrine . gandhi everyone take he turn . BA it be the work of untouchable . gandhi in this place there be no untouchable -- and no work be beneath any of we ! BA ( she look up at he ) I be you wife . gandhi all the more reason . he hold she gaze as angrily as she hold he . BA ( finally , scornfully ) as you command . as she start to rise he grab she arm , but she pull free . BA the other may follow you -- but you forget , I know you when you be a boy ! she say it derisively and it sting , but Gandhi be aware of Walker and he fight to hold he temper . gandhi it 's not I . it 's the principle . and you will do it with joy or not do it at all ! ba settles back defiantly . BA not at all then ... for a moment Gandhi stare at she , and she back at he , resentfully . he suddenly reach down and grab she arm , pull she roughly to she foot . gandhi all right , go ! you do not belong here ! go! leave the ashram ! get out altogether ! we do not want you ! it be hushed but violent as he pull she toward the rear door , open it to push she out as she struggle against he . BA stop it ! stop it ! what be you do !? she lurch free of he grip , glaring at he angrily . for a moment they both stare at each other , shattered by they violence . BA ( bitterly ) have you no shame ? I be you wife ... ( like lead ) where do you expect I to go ? Gandhi stare at she breathlessly , he temper subside into a daze remorse . he sink numbly to a stool , sit , hold he head in he hand . ba study he for a moment -- and she sigh , she temper and breathe subside too . she move and kneel before he . gandhi what be the matter with I ...? a moment , then she soothes the top of he head -- like the mother - wife she be . BA ( a beat ) you be human -- only human . Gandhi look up at she , blankly , abjectly . BA and it be even harder for that of we who do not even want to be as good as you do . and Gandhi grin weakly . ba catch it and send it back , warmer , less complicated by doubt . Gandhi sigh , put he arm around she and she lean into he so that they head be touch . gandhi I apologize ... ba mutter " hm " and hold he a little firmer . a moment . gandhi I must go back to that reporter . ba nod . BA ... and I must rake and cover the latrine . Gandhi hold she back so that he can look at she . she look at he evenly -- no smile , but the warmth still in she eye . imperial theater - interior - night the theater be pack . the front row near the stage be hold by rich Muslim merchant , the back of the stall with small trader , peddler , artisan -- Muslim , hindu , parsee , sikh . the gallery be bulg with indenture laborer -- largely hindu . the mood be restless , belligerent . on the stage . Gandhi move forward and he hold up he hand for silence . seat on the stage be Khan , Singh , three more leader of the indian community . Charlie andrew and herman kallenbach sit at the very end of the line of chair . Gandhi look around the audience and we see the pack house from he point of view , end with two plainclothes european policeman conspicuous in seat at the end of the front row . a uniform policeman stand near they . gandhi ( to the house ) I want to welcome you all ! a buzz , then applause -- loud and defiant . when be subside Gandhi look down at the plainclothes policeman , fix he gaze on they . gandhi every one of you . ( then , still at they ) we -- have -- no -- secret . and again the audience burst into applause . the policeman just sit like stone -- confident , sure , immune to rhetoric . gandhi let we begin by be clear about General smut 's new law . all Indians must now be fingerprinted -- like criminal . Men and woman . ( a rise , angry response ; Gandhi just wait . ) no marriage other than a Christian marriage be consider valid . under this Act we wife and mother be whore ... and every man here a bastard . in the gallery a rhythmic pound signal the anger and protest and be take up around the hall . the police stare imperturbably . Khan lean towards Singh , nodd to Gandhi . khan he 's become quite good at this . Singh smile at the understatement . Gandhi hold up he hand , silencing the hall . gandhi and a policeman pass a indian dwelling -- I will not call they home -- may enter and demand the card or any indian woman whose dwelling it be . a voice God damn they ! Gandhi just wait . gandhi understand ! he do not have to stand at the door -- he may enter . now a violent response -- a large , powerful merchant rise in the third row . merchant I swear to Allah I will kill the man who offer that insult to my home and my wife ! ( a guttural cheer ; he glare at the police . ) and let they hang I ! another cheer . when it subside , tyeb Mohammed rise near the back , where he be seat with a number of other young man . tyeb mohammed I say talk mean nothing . kill a few official before they disgrace one indian woman -- then they might think twice about such law ! the police half rise to look back at he , but there be a smatter of applause and several stand to look back . tyeb mohammed' friend in that cause , I would be willing to die ! and now there be general applause . Gandhi wait , then gandhi I praise such courage . I need such courage -- because in this cause , I too be prepare to die ... ( a response ; he look at tyeb Mohammed ) but , my friend , there be no cause for which I be prepare to kill . he look at the audience . this be the more sober Gandhi they have come to know . gandhi I have ask you here tonight because despite all they troops and police , I think there be a way to defeat this law . whatever they do to we we will attack no one , kill no one ... but we will not ( the climatic point ) give we fingerprint -- not one of we . he look down at the police , make the point stick . there be a tentative reaction from the audience , but uncertain . gandhi they will imprison we , they will fine we . they will seize we possession . but they cannot take away we self - respect if we do not give it to they . voice from the gallery have you be to prison ? they will beat we and torture we ! I say -- gandhi I be ask you to fight -- ! ( it catch the audience a little , hold they . ) to fight against they anger -- not to provoke it ! he have they attention now . gandhi we will not strike a blow -- but we will receive they . and through we pain we will make they see they injustice ( quickly ) and it will hurt , as all fight hurt ! ( utter silence . ) ... but we can not lose . we cannot . ( he look down at the police . ) because they may torture my body , may break my bone , even kill I ... ( up to the house ) they will then have my dead body -- not my obedience . and now he get the response he have want . firm , mature , determine . Gandhi hold up he hand . gandhi we be hindu and Muslim -- child of God , each of we . let we take a solemn oath in his name that -- come what may -- we will not submit to this law . he look at the audience . a second , then a merchant stand , signify he pledge . and then another . then tyeb Mohammed and the youth about he . then all over the theater they begin to stand and on the stage until everyone be stand . it be all do be silence . Gandhi look at the full theater -- all stand . he take a step forward . gandhi ( a coarse sing ) God save we gracious King ... Long live we ( the audience take it up ) ... noble King . ( and they voice fill the auditorium ) God save the King !! a prison door slam : we be close on one face , another slam , another face , and again and again in the rhythm of march foot ... mine area - exterior - day Gandhi , Singh and tyeb Mohammed be lead a large procession of indian mine worker along a dirt road from a mining complex -- shed , elevator platform , pulley -- toward a distant city . we see crude , handworked banner : " we be citizen of the Empire , " " justice for all , " " one King -- one Law " ... tyeb Mohammed suddenly touch Gandhi 's arm and nod ahead . they point of view . a canvas-topp open touring car ( circa 1910 ) pull out from a turn between two factory building and come towards they . resume Gandhi . there be a little hesitation in the rank as the car approach . in it we can see two uniform policeman and a civilian . the car swing across the center of the road and stop right in front of Gandhi . civilian this man be contract laborer . they belong in the mine . gandhi you have put they comrade in jail . when you free they they will go back to work . the civilian smile slowly . he look from Gandhi to the miner . civilian I have warn you . gandhi we have warn each other . the civilian look at he sharply , then smile derisively , signal the car off . as it pull away , tyeb Mohammed and Singh come up to Gandhi , both make wary by the man 's evident satisfaction with what have transpire . singh I do not think that be very good . Gandhi watch the disappear car worriedly , then turn and signal the miner on . they start forward . they point of view . the car ride on past the factory building out of which it turn , and suddenly mount police come swinging out from the building and face the procession . track back before Gandhi , Singh and tyeb Mohammed as they move forward , fear suddenly make they pace more labor . track back before the mount police . sergeant at the canter -- for-ward ! they come on fast , baton at the ready . Gandhi screw up he courage , march on . tyeb Mohammed set he jaw in defiance . Singh force himself along at Gandhi 's side . the mount police riding on , baton at the ready . feature a indian miner . he be in the front rank of the procession , watch the horse approach . he have a blunt farmer 's face . miner ( half to Gandhi ) we should lie down -- the horse will not tramp on we . ( then shouting out ) down ! down ! everyone lie down ! he start to go down , and other around he , convinced by the authority of he voice . the sense of the idea seize Gandhi , and as the sound of the gallop horse near , he turn and shout too . gandhi lie down ! lie down ! and the miner begin to go down , some face up , shield they face with they hand , some bury they face in the earth and cover they head with they hand . Close fast travel , the sergeant 's point of view . we arrive at the prone miner . Close on Gandhi , he arm cross in front of he face , stare up , frighten , but determine to bear it . Wide angle . the horse cannot bring themselves to gallop over the human carpet ; they rear , plunge , swerve . Close shot -- miner who shout " down . " he be peer through he cross hand , a tight smile of satisfaction at knowledge confirm . he turn to see : the sergeant throw off he horse . he land heavily , scramble up , furious , dart after it . mounting , he be enraged to hear laughter . Close shot . Singh and the miner who shout " down " kneel , grin at the chaos . miner the horse have more mercy than the man . Singh smile , but suddenly look up fearfully . the sergeant loom over they . sergeant you be right ! and without take he boot foot from the stirrup he swing it into the miner 's face . the man go down , bleed . a angry roar from the miner . several stand and shake they fist . " bastard ! , " " God damn you , englishman ! , " " jackal ! " the wounded miner himself start to stagger up . the sergeant sweep they , he eye glitter -- this he can deal with . but -- gandhi lie down ! lie down ! it be a command , and angry in its own way , but it carry all the weight of he influence on they . they begin to go down again and the sergeant wheel he horse and ride at Gandhi . with deliberate , almost fatalistic pace , Gandhi go first to he knee and then sprawl down flat , he hand over the top of he head , await the blow of the horse 's hoof . Close shot , the horse 's head , its eye roll as it swerve again . Close shot , the sergeant control it , cursing , but unable to make it plunge down on the man . full shot , the sergeant wheeling he horse , angrily -- surveying the whole of the procession as they lie sprawle on the ground , he mount police circle in front of they , not know what to do . sergeant follow I ! he turn he horse angrily and gallop back toward the factory . Gandhi , Singh and tyeb Mohammed be look off at the retreate horse . the car with the civilian have return in the distance . Gandhi look at the miner who first shout " down " -- a smile , a nod of recognition and thanks . the miner grin , rub at the blood on he face , shrugging off Gandhi 's imply praise . feature the police . the sergeant wheel by the car with the civilian ; he police turn they horse , lining up across the road again . they point of view . Gandhi and the miner come on once more , chant forcefully . " one King ! one Law ! one King ! one Law ! " sergeant what the hell be we suppose to do now ? civilian ( watch the procession narrowly ) let they march ... in we own sweet time , in we own sweet way -- we will get they . SMALL church - south africa - interior - day we be close on Charlie andrew . charlie some of you may be rejoice that Mr. Gandhi have at last be put into prison . the congregation be listen to he stiffly , unsympathetically , and there be more than one murmur of assent at he word . the clergyman who have give Charlie the use of he pulpit sit beneath it , embarrassed , but stick resolutely to he decision to give Charlie a hearing . charlie but I would ask you -- assemble here in this house of God -- to recognize that we be witness something new , something so unexpected , so unusual that it be not surprising the government be at a loss . what Mr. Gandhi have force we to do be ask question about ourselves . a few man in the congregation rise and pointedly escort they family from the church . Charlie struggle on . charlie as Christians , that be difficult question to answer . how do we treat man who defy a unjust law -- man who will not fight , but will not comply ? more of the congregation rise and march from the church ... though a few pointedly do not . prison yard - exterior - day small , pack . Gandhi be thread he way in a line for soup . but it be a line that wind through mass of prisoner , some with bowl , eat , some not yet in the line . as Gandhi near the two stone block that hold the large barrel of soup , he see that Khan be serve from one of they . he too wear a prison uniform and there be a bandage on he head . when he turn and react to the sight of Gandhi -- gandhi they be spare no one , I see . khan no . you be the surprise . it 's be all over the prison . we think they would be too afraid of the English press . gandhi so do I . he take he soup from Khan . khan ( acidly ) do not worry about the meat -- it 's hindu ( refer to the soup ) -- there 's not a trace . Gandhi smile , but they turn as the gate open and a paddy wagon be back into the press of prisoner . Khan shake he head . khan I do not know who they have leave out there to do the work . there can not be one mine leave open . have they touch the woman ? gandhi my wife publicly defy the law . they have arrest she and four other . khan ( angrily ) the fool ! ( he spill some soup . ) sorry ... gandhi it 's split the government . khan well , that 's one victory . Gandhi look around the crowded yard at the soile bandage , the defiant , determine face . gandhi if we hold firm , it will not be the last . khan do not worry -- I have never see man so determine . you have give they a way to fight ... and I do not think -- he be distract by a phalanx of guard ( a officer and four man ) push they way through the prisoner . prison officer Gandhi ! I want Gandhi ! which sammy be it ? the prisoner be move back from they resentfully but they glance reveal who Gandhi be . the prison officer 's eye fall on he . CITY STREET - johannesburg - exterior - day a side street , but active . Gandhi -- now manacle -- be be march down the pavement before two guard . the prison officer stride in front of they . people in the street stop and turn , stare . that part of Gandhi that be still the dandy be discomfite , but there be a grow part of he that defy appearance . feature a doorway . it be the side door of a large impose building . the prison officer lead he little procession toward it . he knock and the door open . the tall civil servant have be wait for they . the prison officer reach forward and undoe Gandhi 's manacle . government build - interior - day the tall civil servant , move with aloof distaste for he assignment , walk ahead of Gandhi , who in turn be follow by one of the prison guard , toward a grand staircase that be at right angle to they ( i.e. face the front of the building ) . people work in office pause to stare at Gandhi as he move along , more uncomfortably aware of he prison garb than ever . the grand staircase . the tall civil servant turn and start up the staircase . Gandhi be even more expose to everyone 's surveillance on the wide , white expanse of the stairway . he hesitates , look around in discomfort , then follow the tall civil servant on toward the large , white door at the top of the staircase . smuts' anteroom - interior - day the tall white door open , the tall civil servant indicate that Gandhi enter . Gandhi pass two male secretary , and the tall civil servant scoot decorously around he to knock once on the inner door . then he push they open and gesture Gandhi in . smuts' office - interior - day we have see it before when Walker speak to smut , but now we see its full breadth -- and the impose figure smut make as he stand behind the grand desk . smut ah , Mr. Gandhi . I think we might have a little talk . he nod to the tall civil servant , who bow and close the door . smut cross the room toward a small cabinet . smut will you have a glass of sherry ? gandhi thank you . no. smut look at Gandhi , a little surprised at the frigid tone of that refusal . smut perhaps some tea ? gandhi ( a shake of the head ) I dine at the prison . smut ahh . he appraise Gandhi , measure the irony of he word , he determination . then with a little sigh at the lose opportunity he replace the stopper on the sherry , turn and gesture Gandhi on into the room . smut please -- please do come and sit down . it 's prison I want to talk to you about . he have indicate a chair near he desk , but as Gandhi go forward he pause by a spread of papers from England on a long table near the middle of the room . we see one headline in close shot : " thousands imprison in South Africa / mine Close . crop unharvested , " a subhead , " Gandhi lead non - violent campaign . " he look at smut . smut smile , a pass nod at the papers . smut Mr. Gandhi , I have more or less decide to ask the House to repeal the Act that you have take such " exception " to . gandhi ( a beat ) well , if you ask , General smut , I be sure it will be do . smut smile . smut hm . of course it be not quite that simple . gandhi somehow I expect not . a wry smile , and he sit on the edge of the chair smut have direct he to . smut measure he again , not absolutely certain how to deal with he . a pause , and he affect to take Gandhi 's irony at face value . smut I be glad to hear you say that ... very glad . you see if we repeal the Act under pressure ( a nod at the papers again ) under this kind of pressure it will create a great deal of resentment . can you understand that ? gandhi very well . and Gandhi do understand it -- as a guide principle . never humiliate you enemy . and he tone convey it . smut ( a bit surprised ) good. good . ( the bland politician : the compromise . ) I have think of call for a Royal Commission to " investigate " the new legislation . ( he gesture , imply they will do what they be tell . ) I think I could guarantee they would recommend the Act be repeal . gandhi ( wait for the catch ) I congratulate they . smut do a slight double take , a smile , then the " tough " politician . smut but they might also recommend that future indian immigration be severely restrict -- even stop . he measure Gandhi challengingly , obviously expect some contest . Gandhi mull it , then gandhi Immigration be not a issue on which we fight . it would be wrong of we to make it one now that we -- we be in a position of advantage . smut stare at he ... a moment , then smut you be a extraordinary man . gandhi ( he grin ; he brushes at he prison garb ) I assure you I feel a very ordinary man at this moment . and now smut smile with he . he bend suddenly and sign a group of document . smut I be order the release of all prisoner within the next twenty - four hour . you yourself be free from this moment . Gandhi stand , a little uncertain about the sudden change in he status . smut sign the last document , then see Gandhi 's doubt -- and misread it . smut assume we be in agreement ? gandhi yes -- yes . it 's just that ... in this clothes I would -- I would prefer to go by taxi . smut ( confuse by he hesitation ) all right . Fine . gandhi I be -- I be afraid I have no money . smut oh ! ( he quickly feel in he waistcoat pocket -- and realize he have no money ! ) neither have I . ( he reach forth and touch a buzzer . ) I be awfully sorry . the tall civil servant ( Daniels ) enter . smut Daniels , would you lend Mr. Gandhi a shilling for a taxi ? Daniel stare . daniel I beg you pardon , sir ? smut ( a second think ) how far will you be go , Mr. Gandhi ? gandhi ( a mischievous smile ) well -- now that this be settle -- I have think seriously of go back to India ( he face the startle Daniel ) but a shilling will do splendidly for the moment . still a little confuse , Daniels reach in he pocket and produce a shilling . he hand it to Gandhi . gandhi thank you . ( to smut ) thank you both for a very enlighten experience . he bow slightly and start out the door . Daniels immediately start to accompany he , but Gandhi stop . a beat . gandhi ( ice ) I be oblige , Mr. Daniels , but I will find my own way out . and he own steel show in the oblique reference to the ignominy of he way in . Daniel bow , and he and smut just stare as the uniform " prisoner " go out through the grand door , past the stunne man in the office to the outer door and on to the grand staircase . the prison guard appear in the doorway , look off in confusion at Gandhi , then back at the office for guidance . Daniels simply shake he head " let he be . " finally , when Gandhi have disappear down the stair , Daniels turn to smut . smut ( a shake of the head ) he 's either a great man or a colossal fraud ... either way , I shall be glad to see the last of he . the pier at bombay - exterior - day ship 's siren , military band ... a jubilant crowd on the pier , passenger wave to the receive crowd . a group of first class passenger , ninety percent English , look down from the upper deck . from they point of view . we see the main section of the pier , a crowd of mostly european civilian on one side . a mass of military on the other : european officer , topee and swagger stick , indian cavalry , gurkha infantry , sikh lanoer -- turban , rifle , bugle , a indian military band -- a showy awe - inspiring display . feature two englishmen . first class passenger , white suit , oxbridge accent ; one quite young , the other a bit older , both civil servant come to " administer " India . young englishman by God , he love it ... they point of view . a british general be come down the gangplank accompany by he adc . the officer commanding and the Guard of honor await he . second englishman I be sure he hate it . the young englishman glance at he quizzically . the General have take the salute and move to inspect the troops to the accompaniment of the military band . second englishman Generals ' reputation be be make in France today , fight on the western Front . not as military governor in India . he be suddenly aware of a well - dress indian half - listen to they conversation . he glance at he and the well - dress indian simply nod slightly and move off a little . the second englishman grimace at the young englishman and look down again . second englishman what the devil 's go on back there ? he be look aft . his point of view . another far less elaborate gangplank extend from the aft section of the ship . third class passenger be disembark here , and on shore , separate by a wire fence from the rest of the pier . a large crowd of Indians be reacting excitedly to someone come down the gangplank but we can not yet see that person . the young englishman glance back at the well - dress indian to make sure of he distance , then speak quietly . young englishman it must be that indian that make all that fuss back in Africa . my cabin boy tell I he be on board . second englishman why have not we see he ? ( find the name ) Gandhi ? young englishman yes . that 's it . he be travel third class . there he be . they point of view . there have be a little hiatus in that disembark but now Gandhi have appear , come down the gangplank with ba and the child ( grow - up son now ) , and three or four people behind they , include the tall figure of Charlie andrew . but Gandhi be wear a indian tunic and sandal and he have shave he hair except for a central section on the top . second englishman' voice - over God -- he 's dress like a coolie ! I think he be a lawyer . the young englishman glance back cautiously toward the well - dress indian again , then young englishman after he come out of jail he refuse to wear european clothes . the pier - third CLASS area - exterior - day Gandhi be smile , try to move on , but answer the question of a indian journalist . gandhi no , no , I have not " refuse " ... I -- I simply want to dress the way my comrade in prison dress . he speak with a uncertainty and tentativeness that he have lose in South Africa , patently overwhelm by the reception . a English journalist catch he as he turn . english journalist will you support the war effort , Mr. Gandhi ? a exuberant woman put a garland over he shoulder . gandhi I -- I have demand rights as a british citizen , it be therefore my duty to help in the defense of the british Empire . he smile uncertainly again . as he turn he be face to face with a american reporter . american reporter what be you go to do now that you be back in India ? gandhi I do not know ... I do not know ... a indian reporter have cornere ba behind he . second indian reporter as a indian woman how could you accept the indignity of prison ? Gandhi half -twist to hear ba 's answer , but he arm be take by a young indian ( Nehru ) in elegant european clothes . another garland be throw over he shoulder . nehru please , Mr. Gandhi . feature ba. offhand , she eye on Gandhi ahead . BA my dignity come from follow my husband . she join she hand , acknowledge a garland place around she shoulder , and push on after Gandhi . Charlie help to guide she . feature Gandhi . the young Nehru , somewhat amused by all the excitement , lead Gandhi through the crowd to a little flower - cover platform . we see a banner : the congress party welcomes gandhi . nehru ( he too speak with a oxbridge accent ) just a few word -- then we will get you to civilization . he grin . he have guide Gandhi to the first step of the platform . another garland be wrap around Gandhi 's shoulder , and in some embarrassment , he mount the platform . there be a great cheer , but in the silence that follow we hear the military band from across the way as the troops prepare to march off . Gandhi look around at the crowd . finally he speak out . gandhi I -- I be glad to be home . ( a little round of applause . ) I -- I thank you for you greeting . he make the pranam and start for the step . the crowd be a little disappointed , but they manage a cheer and applause . Nehru be stand next to a heavy - set , well - dress man ( Patel ) . they exchange a wry glance , " not exactly a world - beater . " a car door slam . the camera pull back . Nehru have slam the door of a gleam roll royce touring car , the top down . he have seat Gandhi in it beside Patel , take Gandhi 's knapsack . a indian chauffeur ride in front . the crowd still surge around and Gandhi be look apprehensively back for ba . nehru we will follow with you wife -- do not worry , everything 's arrange . he grin boyishly , in part to comfort , in part unable to contain he amusement at Gandhi and he evident confusion . patel be car - street of bombay - exterior - day with Gandhi still look back anxiously , the car pull off . he finally turn to Patel . gandhi who be that young man ? patel that 's young Nehru . he 's get he father 's intellect , he mother 's look and the devil 's charm . if they do not ruin he at Cambridge -- Wave ! Wave ! -- he may amount to something . there be crowd along the street , and Gandhi -- in surprise that they be for he -- wave tentatively . Patel wave too but he eye Gandhi rather critically . patel I must say when I first see you as a bumbling lawyer here in bombay I never think I would be greeting you as a national hero . gandhi I be hardly that , Mr. Patel . patel oh , yes , you be . it 's be two hundred year since a indian have cocked a snoot at the british Empire and get away with it . and stop call I Mr. Patel , you be not a junior clerk anymore . gandhi ( a beat ; still hesitant ) no . they have come to a main thoroughfare . a crowd still line the street but it be thin and around and between we see group of desperate poor , park on the pavement , stare with blank curiosity at the pass car , but too listless and too out of touch to move from they little squatter ' patch . Patel look at Gandhi 's clothes rather disapprovingly . patel the new military Governor of the North West Province be on that ship . too bad you come back third class -- he might have be impressed by a successful barrister who have outmaneuvered General smut . Gandhi be stare at the street . from he point of view we hold on a gaunt young , age woman hold a baby wrap in rag as threadbare as she sari . another hollow - face child lean against she . gandhi ( leadenly ) yes ... I be sure ... patel' garden - exterior - day a splendid peacock , its tail fan in brilliant display , lord it on a velvet lawn . a woman in a sumptuous silk sari be try to feed it crumb . behind she , Gandhi 's reception be in full spate -- silver trays , table cover in fine linen , indian servant , a swim pool , a small fountain , the grounds fill with indian millionaire and dignitary gather with they wife to meet the new hero from South Africa . a beautiful and beautifully dress woman ( Mrs. Nehru ) stand next to she distinguished husband ( motilal Nehru ) . mrs . nehru ( wittily ) no , I leave practical matter to my husband and revolution to my son ... she nod lightly toward Nehru . feature Nehru who be introduce Gandhi to two man , one tall , slender , ascetic look , but dress impeccably ( jinnah ) . the other with a haunt face -- beard , flow dark hair , the air of a poet or a ruthlessly dedicated radical ( prakash -- whom we recognize from the open sequence in Delhi at Gandhi 's assassination ) . nehru Mr. jinnah , we joint host , member of Congress , and the leader of the Muslim League and Mr. prakash , who I fear be await trial for sedition and inducement to murder . Gandhi have bow to jinnah , now he look a little startle at prakash . prakash grin and make the pranam to Gandhi . prakash I have not actually pull a trigger , Mr. Gandhi , I have simply write that if a englishman kill a indian for disobey he law , then it be a indian 's duty to kill a englishman for enforce he law in a land that be not he . Gandhi nod ... gandhi it be a clever argument ; I be not sure it will produce the end you desire . he meet prakash 's gaze firmly , the first moment we have see any sign of the Gandhi of South Africa . jinnah ( testingly ) we hope you intend to join we in the struggle for Home rule , Mr. Gandhi . gandhi ( a pause ) I -- Charlie andrew touch Gandhi 's arm , excuse himself to the other . charlie May I ? mohan -- I would like you to meet someone . Gandhi bow to the other and be lead off to a indian bishop in full clerical robe . behind he we see Patel regaling a small group with some story of court or society . as Gandhi leave , jinnah , Nehru and prakash watch he clinically . except for the servant , Gandhi be the only indian male not in european clothes . nehru he tell the press he would support the british in the war . prakash ( acidly ) that 's non-violence for you . jinnah be he a fool ? Nehru grin slowly , thoughtfully . nehru I be not certain ... but I would not be surprised . we get a shot of ba in a gather of indian woman . she stand listen , seemingly tongue - tie in the sophisticated patter . and we cut to Charlie introduce Gandhi to a man in obvious ill health , but well dress , look like the professor , philosopher and elder statesman he be ( gokhale ) . charlie I lie to you , mohan , when I tell you I decide to come to South Africa to meet you . Professor gokhale send I . gokhale be pleased , Gandhi amused . he bow very respectfully . gokhale we be try to make a nation , Gandhi -- and the british keep try to break we up into religion and principality and " province . " what you be write in South Africa -- that 's what we need here . he have offer he hand during this , and Gandhi have help he from the garden chair he have be seat on , hand he the cane that be rest against it . gandhi ( a smile ) I have much to learn about India . and I have to begin my practice again -- one need money to run a journal . another grin . gokhale have start to walk with he , look at he intently , penetratingly . gokhale nonsense . ( he turn to Charlie ) go on , Charlie . this be indian talk -- we want none of you imperialist . it be brusque but affectionate ; we know he regards Charlie as Gandhi do ... and Charlie do too . charlie ( a mock threat ) all right -- I will go and write my report to the viceroy . gokhale go and find a pretty hindu woman and convert she to Christianity -- that 's as much mischief as you be allow . he still have not smile , but Gandhi and Charlie have . another part of the garden this be private -- beautiful and still . Gandhi walk along slowly , take the pace of the ail gokhale . gokhale forget you practice . India have many man with too much wealth -- it be they privilege to nourish the effort of the few who can raise India from servitude and apathy . I will see to it -- you begin you journal . gandhi I have little to say . India be a " alien " country to I . he grin self - deprecatingly but gokhale persist . gokhale well , change that . go and find India . not what you see here , but the real India . you will see what need to be say . what we need to hear . he pause and look at Gandhi -- and for the first time he smile . when he speak he voice be thick with feel . gokhale when I see you in that tunic I know ... I know I could die in peace . ( a die man 's command ) make India proud of herself . his eye be watery with emotion , but he stare at Gandhi rigidly . CUT to : train - exterior - night indian . steam . a breed of its own . third CLASS coach - interior - night Gandhi sit by a window in the dimly light coach . ba sleep on the seat next to he , another member of the party next to she . Gandhi 's solemn eye be study the huddle humanity in the rock coach . people be sleep everywhere , some half - erect on the bench , many on the floor among the bundle and trunk and bedroll and basket . some have child , some be very old . one old man , sleepless like Gandhi , stare back at he across the shadow squalor of the coach ; somewhere unseen a cry baby be soothed by he mother . Gandhi look at the bench across from he . Charlie andrew , he tall frame cramped in a tiny space between the window look at Gandhi dozily , a little smile of sufferance , then he close he eye again , lean he head against the rock window frame . narrow STREET - a SMALL town - exterior - day Gandhi be carry along in a ceremonial chair borne on the shoulder of some trot man . the chair be swathed in flower , and flower be be shower on Gandhi by the run child and the crowd lining the narrow street . ba and Charlie and two other be follow in a flower - bedeck ox - cart , lose in the mass of people that be swirl around Gandhi . on a building top a british officer watch emotionlessly as Gandhi and the crowd pass below he . on this building and other we see some on he indian soldier watch with they rifle beside they . indian village - exterior - day as from a train ... but the shot be varied ; some close of farmer and water buffalo , and rag child and woman in colorful saris carry pot on they head , and some distant of village as unit , one and another and another . intercut always with : train - interior - day Gandhi 's face in the window , he and ba stand , look out together , neither speak . Gandhi write in the cramped chaos of the third class coaches . Gandhi sweeping part of the carriage , make disgruntled passenger move as he try to bring some cleanliness to they surroundings . river vista - exterior - day a broad alluvial plain , the river thread through it , purple and gold in the rise sun . the camera race with the train along the river 's edge , the reflect sun glimmer on the window . river bank - exterior - day the sun be high and the train be stop by the river . people have come out of the coaches to cool they head with the touch of water , to stretch they leg . we see a English clergyman from the second class coaches , dip a toe cautiously into the water , child of some british enlist soldier wading , splash , face alight with fun . and , farther along , the parasol of one or two of the English first class passenger , a woman dousing she neck delicately with perfume . a british officer , tunic unbuttone , smoking a long cigar as he walk along in a few inch of water , he trousers roll up , he shoe off . across the river down from the third class coaches a small group of indian woman be squatted by the river 's edge , wash clothes . some carry infant on they back . some small child stand near they . they ritual of wash go on , but they be all watch the passenger of the train . Gandhi stand with ba and Charlie among the third class passenger . ba cool she face with water . Charlie , he trousers roll up , play a tentative splash game with a skinny little indian boy . Gandhi be hold a large white head cloth which he be soaking in the water , but he eye have be arrest by the sight of the woman across the river . and now we see the woman closely from he point of view , the camera pan slowly along they . they body be skin and bone . the clothes they wear , which look normal from the distance , be rag -- literally , shred rage , one hang on another . the child be hollow - eye and gaunt , stare listlessly at the train . one boy , with a stump for a arm , aimlessly push at the fly that buzz around he . Gandhi stand erect , lose now in the revelation of they poverty . his eye hold on one woman at the river bank . though she frail face be almost skeletal , it be beautiful but scar by a severe rash down she cheek and neck . the cloth she be wash be a shred piece of muslin . her eye have meet Gandhi 's as he watch she . Gandhi stare for a moment , a long beat . then he slowly move he arm out into the water and , without take he eye from she , release the head cloth he have be rinsing . it float along on the water down toward the woman . she look from Gandhi to it with sudden excitement , a sense of incredulity . as the cloth near she , she rise and move almost greedily out into the water to take it . her hand snatch at it quickly . then she stand , look at Gandhi . the infant on she back shift , its huge hollow eye reacting to the movement . Gandhi smile slowly , tilting he head just slightly to she . and now that she have possession of the cloth , she manner calm again . and she look back at he , and she lip almost part with a tiny smile of thanks . hold Gandhi , stare at she , fight the pain in he eye ... train - exterior - night thread like a light necklace across the darkness of a vast plain . train in hill - exterior - day climb green hill -- a totally different terrain -- and again we intercut , this time the train climb : a boy and buffalo run a huge , crude grind wheel , train climb ; farmer in terrace field , train climb faster and faster ... until suddenly with a hoot of the whistle and the screech of brake it stop ! train - exterior - day Gandhi be lean out of a window in a third class coach . ahead of he other passenger be look too ; some have jump down . Gandhi and Charlie jump down too . as they come clear they can see that a military train of a engine and two car have be derail ahead of they . a small troop of cavalry be come slowly along the line of Gandhi 's train toward they . feature the cavalry . they be british and they troop leader be viciously angry . troop leader clear the way ! get out of the way ! he be swinging he sword , not lethally , but threateningly at the indian passenger from the train . his british ncos be equally angry and deliberately ride close to the passenger , force they back against the train . Gandhi and Charlie step back . and as the troop go past we see from they point of view a group of indian bearer , trot in the middle of the horseman , carry two litter -- cover , each hang by strap from a long pole -- and each bear a badly wounded british soldier ; one appear to be dead . outskirt of village - exterior - day the shadow of a train move slowly along the ground , a sense of tension and forebode . we hear the engine chugge slowly . the camera lift . Gandhi and Charlie stand at a window , stare out grimly . other passenger be look off too . ba be seat , stare straight ahead , she face taut , deliberately not see what the other be see . gallow - exterior - day they point of view : on a hill across from the railroad track part of a prison wall be visible . in front of it a thick pole be straddle across two other . from this crude gallow two indian man hang by the neck . one be in turban and dhoti , the other in a tunic . the sound of the train stop . village - exterior - day Close shot . incense rise in shot . the camera pull back and back . the incense be burn in a bowl sit before Gandhi on a make - shift platform set in the little valley between the train line and the little hill where the indian man have be hang . a small crowd sit in a crescent before he , ba and Charlie be bent in prayer on the platform behind he . when the camera come to rest , the edge of the gallow and a portion of one of the hang man be in the frame . we know we be look from someone 's point of view near the prison wall . finally , Gandhi lift he head . gandhi ( at first distant , as from the hill ) I ask you to pray for that who die . ( closer ) for the English soldier ... ( a murmur ) who be do what they think be right . ( closer ) and for the brave terrorist whose patriotism lead they to do what be wrong . the murmur of resistance from the crowd be louder at this . Gandhi shake he head at the dissent . gandhi it be not my law , it be the law of creation . we reap what we sow . out there in the field -- and in we heart . violence sow hatred , and the will to revenge . in they . and in we . he look up . hillside - he point of view the troop leader , on horseback , be on the hill beside the gallow . the first view of Gandhi on the platform be he . some of he troops be line up beside he . he stare down at Gandhi coldly . patel' swimming pool - exterior - day Patel lounge in the water on he back , support by a large air pillow . Nehru sit at the side of the pool in a swim suit , he foot dangle in the water . jinnah sit under a umbrella in a elegant white suit , be serve tea by one of three or four servant around . Patel spew a fountain of water . patel I agree with jinnah . now that the Americans be in , the war will end soon . the Germans be wear out as it be ... ( he roll over , face Nehru ) and we first act should be to convene a Congress Party convention and demand independence . Nehru take a iced drunk from a servant . jinnah and we must speak with one voice -- united . the other assent . Nehru shake he head wistfully . patel ( it remind he ) ah -- we should invite Gandhi . what the devil have happen to he anyway ? nehru he 's " discover " India . jinnah ( cynically ) which be a lot better than cause trouble where it matter . invite he -- let he say he piece about South Africa -- and then let he slip into oblivion . CUT to : train - exterior - day a fireman heaps coal into a engine 's boiler . the train pass camera to the third class section , which seem besiege by humanity . people cling to the outside of each door and many more be seat on the central wooden plank on the roof of the two coaches . third CLASS coach - exterior - day Gandhi and Charlie be riding on the outside of the coach , hang on through the door , and both enjoy it immensely . ba , inside the jamme coach , find it very unfunny . she have a grip on one of Gandhi 's arm . BA ( quietly , private ) please ! you be be foolish ! gandhi there 's no room ! and the air be lovely . she grimace severely and tug at he . charlie no violence , please . gandhi let I hang on with two hand or I will fall . feature the roof . and indian squat right on the edge of the roof above Charlie . he be look down , offer a hand . indian ( over the sound of the engine ) englishman sahib ! Charlie , who have be grin , suddenly look baffle , not to say appal . indian come ! come ! there be room ! his hand still dangle in offer to the tall Charlie . another angle . two other Indians on the roof move to where they can grip the first indian 's other arm , as counterforce to the weight of Charlie . first indian ( to Charlie ) place the foot on the window . feature Charlie . hesitatingly , he grip the inside of the window higher , and start to swing one foot onto the window ledge . gandhi ( amused , but disconcert ) what be you do ? charlie ( grimly ) go nearer to God ! Gandhi , baffle a second , see the outstretch hand above they , and in puckish complicity , help boost Charlie up . Long shot . as Charlie reach up , he hand be grasp and he start to scramble and be pull up to the roof . feature Gandhi and ba. as Charlie 's leg , assist by Gandhi , start to leave its lodging on the window ledge ba suddenly turn , see it , and grab for it in alarm . BA Charlie ! be careful !! Close shot . Charlie . his face flat on the roof of the train as he arm be still grip by the indian , but he leg be be pull from behind . charlie ( desperately ) mohan -- !! resume Gandhi and ba. Gandhi quickly move to free ba 's hand from Charlie 's leg and almost lose he own grip . he grab the window again . gandhi let go ! you will kill he ! ba be confuse . gandhi let go ! let go ! with one hand he pries at she grip . in the chaos of instruction other in the coach be help Gandhi , and ba sense she be do something wrong , but be still not sure what . she let go . Close shot . Charlie . a desperate sigh of relief . Long shot . Charlie be pull on up to the top of the coach . feature Charlie as he sit , puffing and recover from the fright . first indian you see -- most comfortable . Charlie nod grimly . feature Gandhi and ba. Gandhi , smile , go on the tip of he toe to get a better view . ba grab he desperately . BA please , God , no ! feature Charlie . he look around at the rest of the passenger on the roof , they bundle and basket clutch beside they . they poverty be appall , but they be all smile at he , a sense of gaiety make in part by he englishman 's participation in they experience . they must shout over the train . second indian ( grin ) be you Christian , sahib ? charlie ( nod ) yes , yes , I be a Christian . second indian ( proudly ) I know a Christian . ( Charlie acknowledge it politely . ) she drink blood . Charlie stare at he in surprise . second indian ( explain -- obvious ) the blood of Christ -- every Sunday ! he be nodd , smile , expect Charlie 's understanding . and Charlie give it -- somewhat bleakly . suddenly gandhi' voice ( alarmed ) Charlie !! the Indians turn . Charlie turn . train and tunnel - exterior - day resume Charlie and the Indians . first indian it 's all right , sahib ! very safe -- bend -- bend ! all the Indians be crouching . Charlie close he eye ruefully -- he 's have better idea than this -- and he get as flat as he can . train and tunnel - exterior - day the train , with passenger cling to the side and riding on the top , steam into the tunnel , its whistle sounding . the tunnel Black . a glimmer of light , through steam , the whistle echoing . indian' voice pray to God , sahib ! now be when it be best to be hindu ! Close shot . Charlie . in a flash of steamy light , stare wide - eye at the indian . Black , and sudden silence . and we dissolve through to : convention tent - interior - day High . come into focus be a light platform , and as the scene become clearer we see figure on the platform and the banner which read indian national congress , and we hear the emotional voice of jinnah at the microphone . jinnah ( gradually fade in ) we be ask for toleration . we be ask for patience . some give it and some do not . well , they war be over ! and that of we who support it , and that of we who refuse must forget we difference ! the camera have be move in ; now it jump to jinnah in close shot and intercut with the impact of he fervid delivery on the audience . jinnah and there can be no excuse from the british now ! India want Home rule ! India demand Home rule !! and the audience cheer he . newspaper cameramen crowded around the platform photograph he . Patel come forward from the back of the platform , clap . he be chair the Congress . jinnah bow , take he note , gesture to the auditorium . a man make for the spotlight , a man loving the spotlight . at last he move back to he place on the platform . Nehru clasp he hand in congratulation . other crowd around he . and fleetingly , just in the edge of picture , we see Gandhi -- again , the only one in a indian tunic -- sit at the end of the second row on the platform . he be just watch the flood of enthusiasm for jinnah . feature Patel approach the microphone , stilling the house with upraise hand . patel and let no one question that Mr. jinnah speak not just for the Muslims -- but for all India ! and again the audience cheer and applaud he little coda . he raise he hand , stilling they again . patel and now I be go to introduce to you a man whose writings we be all become familiar with ... a man who stand high in the esteem of we beloved Professor gokhale ... a man whose accomplishment in South Africa will always be remember . Mr. mohandas Gandhi . Gandhi have already start to come toward the podium . he be greet with mild applause , but already the convention be perform like a convention now that the spell of jinnah 's major speech have dissipate . as Gandhi reach the podium , Patel gesture he to it . patel ( politely ) you journal have make a great impact . Gandhi nod to he and acknowledge the residue of applause . gandhi I be flatter by Mr. Patel ( his grin . ) I would be even more flatter if what he say be true . he mean about the journal . Patel have wander back toward the other , he mind already on they . but he have half hear Gandhi 's comment and turn -- a smile , a politician 's flexibility -- patel ( loudly ; he be away from the mike ) but it 's true ! I -- I read it ... often . again Gandhi grin -- and take glass from he sleeve . this be the first time we have see they . he have one slip of paper with note on it which he have put on the podium . he put he glass on and face the convention . gandhi since I return from South Africa , I have travel over much of India . and I know I could travel many more year and still only see a small part of it . on the platform , the whisper politics go on . on the floor of the convention , some listen , some talk of other thing . gandhi ... and yet already I know what we say here mean nothing to the mass of we country . Nehru have turn , have catch that last remark . he touch Patel on the shoulder " listen . " gandhi here we make speech for each other -- and that English liberal magazine that may grant we a few line . and now they be beginning to pay attention on the floor of the hall too . gandhi but the people of India be untouched . they politics be confine to bread and salt . jinnah too be listen now -- aloofly , challengingly . gandhi illiterate they may be , but they be not blind . they see no reason to give they loyalty to rich and powerful man who simply want to take over the role of the british in the name of freedom . there be dissent on the floor and on the platform -- but it be muttere and English " polite . " Gandhi go on . gandhi this Congress tell the world it represent India . my brother , India be seven hundred thousand " village " not a few hundred lawyer in Delhi and bombay . until we stand in the field with the million who toil each day under the hot sun , we will not represent India -- nor will we ever be able to challenge the british as one nation . he take off he glass and fold they and in silence start back toward he place on the platform . a cameraman flash a picture , and someone begin to applaud ; it be take up here and there , tepidly . on the platform , the leader join in perfunctorily . we see one peasant face ( shukla ) -- which we will come to know -- watch from the crowd of outsider who stand in the doorway . Nehru , who have be look at Gandhi with interest and some surprise turn to Patel . nehru have you read he magazine ? patel no -- but I think I be go to . the trail to gandhi be ashram - exterior - day a open touring car struggle along the bumpy trail . Nehru drive , four friend as young as he with he , all dress in the same expensive , british manner . first friend this can not be the way ! Nehru be look a little harass , from the rag he be take and from the ride . the ashram be only half - finish , the ground unwork , the building only partially complete and the whole look like some primitive frontier outpost . they be finally bring to a halt by a goat that be tethere right across the path . second friend ( a mock quote ) yes , I be sure this be the direction India be take . the other laugh ; Nehru suffer . second friend to think I almost get excited by Mr. jinnah when all this be await I . ashram - exterior - day Nehru have half rise in he seat to address Charlie andrew , who , walk from one somnolent building to another , have stop dead at the sight of the car . he carry sheave of page proofs . nehru we be look for Mr. Gandhi ! charlie ah , you will find he under the tree by the river . ( he point off , then glance at the car . ) you would better leave the car -- the ground be rather soft . nehru thank you . . . he look around the ashram a little dismally . first friend ( drolly , as he climb out ) come on ! I be anxious to meet this new " force " ! ashram - tree by river - exterior - day Gandhi sit under a tree , peel potato . Nehru and he friend be sprawle out around he . beside they , the river ; in the background the business of the ashram go on . gandhi I try to live like a indian , as you see ... it be stupid of course , because in we country it be the british who decide how a indian life -- what he may buy , what he may sell . and from they luxury in the midst of we terrible poverty they instruct we on what be justice and what be sedition . ( he look at they , a teasing but mordant grin . ) so it be only natural that we best young mind assume a air of Eastern dignity , while greedily assimilate every western weakness as quickly as they can acquire it . his smile be sardonic , but genuine , theirs embarrassed and self - conscious . nehru ( defensively ) if we have Home rule that will change . Gandhi have finish the last potato . he glance at Nehru then drop the potato in the bowl . he lift the pail of peeling to Nehru . gandhi would you , please ? Nehru in he fine linen suit take the pail awkwardly . his friend watch with amusement , but they too rise to follow as they head for the kitchen . gandhi and why should the English grant we Home rule ? here , we must take the peeling to the goat . he re-direct Nehru toward a trough where two or three goat be tethere , but he keep right on talk . gandhi we only make wild speech , or perform even wilder act of terrorism . we have breed a army of anarchist but not one single group that can really fight the british anywhere . nehru ( surprised ) I think you be against fight . they have reach the trough . gandhi just spread it around -- they like the new peeling mix with the rotting one . Nehru have carefully walk around something distasteful on the ground , now he dump the peeling along the trough and spread they " delicately . " Gandhi scoops some peeling from the trough to feed a goat that nudge he . gandhi where there be injustice , I have always believe in fight . ( he look at Nehru . ) the question be do you fight to change thing , or do you fight to punish . ( his smile . ) for myself , I have find that we be all such sinner we should leave punishment to God . and if we really want to change thing there be better way of do it than by derailing train or slashing someone with a sword . he meet Nehru 's gaze , and for a moment something deeper than argument pass between they . then something catch Gandhi 's eye . he look off . ba stand , watch he , wait . BA the fire be ready . Gandhi turn . the goat be reach for he bowl of potato . he push it away and start for the kitchen . gandhi you see , even here we live under tyranny . Nehru grin , capture by Gandhi 's seriousness , and he humor . he have not move , and neither have he friend . they watch Gandhi as he carry he bowl of potato to ba . nehru ( reflectively ) I tell you ... first friend hm ... but look at he . some " fighter " ! I can see the british shaking now . Gandhi plod on toward the kitchen , carry the bowl of potato . the river bed at the ashram - exterior - day clothes be dip in the brownish water . ba and a ashramite woman squat by the river , wash clothes . it be long past the monsoon and they have have to come far out in the riverbed to the water . but they be laugh at they task . BA but it 's the ink that be the most diffic -- she stop , because come along the riverbed toward they be a man ( shukla ) who look as though he have come a long , weary way . his face be gaunt , he little bundle of belonging pathetic . as he near they , he pause . shukla I be look for Mr. Gandhi ... gandhi be hut - ashram - interior - dusk shadow , the end of the day . Gandhi sit cross-legged , watch solemnly as shukla reach with he finger into a bowl to eat . the finger be thin , half -starve , like the man himself . shukla ... I have want to speak to you for a long time . he look up at Gandhi almost sheepishly . he do not eat yet , but he hunger be evident . ba sit at one side in the shadow watch he as intently as Gandhi . shukla ... we crop ... we can not sell they ... we have no money ... but the landlord take the same rent . his voice be choke and near to tear , resonant with the unspoken agony he word mean for he and the other like he . he look at Gandhi nervously for a moment , then put the food to he mouth like a man who be starve , and try desperately not to show it . Close shot . ba . the solemn intensity of she gaze reflect she identification with the man 's agony . she glance up at Gandhi ... train station - champaran - exterior - night the camera be low , shoot along the track toward the light of a approach train . from its distant glow we can see that people line the platform of the small station , wait , but we cannot tell how thick the crowd may be . the station house . a open staff car pull up through the press of the crowd . a English captain leap out and push aggressively through the mass of body toward the platform . again the darkness of the ill- light station and the angle of the camera limit we vision . english captain clear the way there ! get out of the way ! a detail of british troops , already on the station , move in he wake , just as aggressive toward the crowd as he be . sergeant putnam Sir ! up here ! the sergeant be on the low sloping roof of the station . the captain turn briskly to two of he detail . english captain give I a leg up , will you ! the two man join hand and the captain be hoist up with a assist from sergeant putnam . we hear the train stop in the background . on the roof . the captain stand erect . english captain what the hell be it , sergeant ? he be now stand and he face have freeze . it need no answer from putnam . english captain Jesus ...! he turn he head slowly , he mouth agape at his point of view . the whole of the obscurely light platform be cover thick with wait crowd . they engulf the station house , back and front , and on the other side of the train more people be pack all along its length , and beyond they along the narrow street that stretch through the little collection of house adjoin the station , every rooftop be cover -- man , woman with babe in arm , child . there be no excitement , hardly any movement -- just a vast congregation of people , wait silently be the darkness -- and as the camera pan we see that the crowd extend , indiscernible , even beyond the range of light . english captain ( awed , a little frighten ) what the hell be go on ? sergeant putnam I do not know , sir . the agent say they get a telegram and it just say , he be come ... and give the time of the train . english captain who the hell be he ? sergeant putnam I do not know , sir . feature Gandhi . he have step down from the train . shukla guide he , ba and Charlie a step or two behind . Gandhi move through the silent crowd , he hand in the pranam , bow a little to either side . as he advance , the crowd part -- it be almost eerily silent . as they clothes indicate , the area be Muslim , so some salaam ( a touch of the hand to the forehead ) and a few tentatively make the pranam back to Gandhi as he move through they . most of the face be gaunt and lean . a destitute people . and suddenly there be a commotion and the sound of boot on the concrete platform , and the English captain shove he way through to confront Gandhi down the little aisle that be be make for he . the sergeant and part of the detail and behind the captain . the captain stare . then he look around at the crowd , suspiciously , a touch of inner fear , then back to Gandhi . english captain who the devil be you ? gandhi my name be Gandhi . mohandas K. Gandhi . there be a flicker of recognition , but uncertain . the captain stiffen ; a steeling of the will . another glance at the crowd , this time with a air of outrage authority . english captain well , whoever you be , we do not want you here . I suggest you get back on that train before it leave the station . gandhi ( calmly , a glance at the crowd ) they seem to want I . english captain now look here . I will put you under arrest if you would prefer ? gandhi on what charge ? it have the cold assurance of a lawyer , and the Captain be a little shake by it . he glance at Charlie who stand behind Gandhi now , and it make he all the more uncertain . english captain I do not want any trouble . he try to make it severe , but it be a comedown . gandhi I be a indian travel in my own country . I see no reason for trouble . it be firm and there be a edge of assertiveness to it that the Captain do not like , but Gandhi 's unrelent stare unnerve he . he glance at Charlie again . english captain well , there would better not be . again , the empty severity of weakness . he look around , then turn and march off briskly shove he way through the crowd . " out of my way , there ! come on , move ! " Gandhi smile reflectively , and the crowd suddenly begin to buzz . where all be silence before there be now the hum of excitement . already he have score a victory -- and as he move forward again , make the pranam , they return it with flushed greeting . " Gandhi -- Gandhi -- bapu -- gandhiji " ... peasant dwelling - interior - day the early light of the sun illumine the dwelling . we feature a man in middle age , but one who look ill and draw ( meha ) . he lie on a straw mat . meha for year the landlord have order we to grow indigo , for dyeing the cloth . always they take part of the crop as rent . Gandhi sit cross-legged , listen . it be the kind of listen that open the heart . behind he a mass of villager sit stoically , outside the dwelling , wait while they case be hear . meha try to speak unemotionally but under Gandhi 's sympathetic gaze he despair keep crack through . meha but now the English factory make cloth for everyone . no one want we indigo . and the landlord will not take they share . they say we must pay we rent in cash . near to breakdown , he gesture around the empty house . meha what we could , we sell ... the police have take the rest . there be no food , we -- he can not go on . gandhi I understand . ( he examine he hand a moment . ) the landlord be british ? it 's a rhetorical question . meha nod . Gandhi look around the crude dwelling , almost nothing remain . we see two young man , one seventeen perhaps , the other older , and a girl , sixteen . and finally meha 's wife , sit near ba , the two woman listen together but meha 's wife look like a woman who have give up , she hair be dead and hardly comb , she sari dirty . meha look at Gandhi and shake he head hopelessly . Gandhi nod ... he stand slowly . gandhi what we can do ... we will try to do . the word be say bleakly , not to raise false hope . he glance at meha 's wife . Water come to she eye , and she lower she head . ba put she hand on she shoulder and clasp she to she , and the woman break , and sob and sob ... till field - champaran - exterior - day Gandhi ride on a open howdah on a elephant , he mind lock in sober reflection . shukla share the howdah with he , but do not dare break Gandhi 's black mood . gandhi be all champaran like this , shukla ? shukla yes , bapu ... ( he look across the field . ) the whole province ... hundred -- thousand . it register with Gandhi -- but inside . a moment . charlie' voice mohan -- ! Gandhi shake himself from he absorption and look back . ba and Charlie be mount on a similar howdah on another elephant , both be lead by peasant boy . Charlie be point behind they . come along the path be a tall indian policeman on a bicycle . he ride right past Charlie and ba and come alongside Gandhi . his attitude be superficially polite , but he be full of righteous authority . policeman ( he know ) be you Mr. M. K. Gandhi ? gandhi yes . policeman I be sorry but you be under arrest . gandhi I be not sorry at all . it contain more anger than we have see he display to anyone but ba . champaran cricket club - exterior - day a ball be hit . the camera pull back to reveal a lush , verdant pitch , white - garbe player , English , a few lady dress in first World War fashion watch under parasol near the clubhouse and in the shade of tree with a few officer and civil servant , while indian servant discreetly serve cool drink . the batsman have hit a four and we see he run down the pitch with he partner until the four be certain , then batsman ( to the wicket keeper ) who do you say would be buy the drink ? the wicket keeper make a rude , facetious gesture , but as the batsman turn to settle in he crease again batsman oh , no -- he have look up . a car be pull hurriedly in near the clubhouse , a officer in it , and people be stream toward it . the car . a major be stand on the back seat . a indian corporal drive . major ... I have get no idea . all I know be there 's a riot or something at motihari in champaran , and the whole company be order out . a voice it 's two day ' march ! major that 's why the match be off . it 's mostly Muslim territory and the old man 's take no chance . feature the batsman and some of the player as they walk across the field toward the car . they know something 's up . batsman ( disgust ) God , and it 's the best inning I have have since Oxford . wicket keeper ( dryly ) India 's full of grief , old man . the batsman " take " on he facetiously , and we cut to : the courthouse and jail - motihari - exterior - day a small building on a little anglicize square . it be surround by a milling angry throng of peasant . feature the front entrance . the English captain who be at the station when Gandhi arrive be on the top step , look harry and tense . a small detachment of indian troops line the step below he . Charlie andrew be push through the crowd toward the captain . as he approach , the indian sergeant hold up he hand . charlie ( firmly ) I wish to see the prisoner , please . the captain look at he clerical collar , he English face , he determination . captain ( reluctantly ) all right , sergeant . Charlie move through the indian soldier and up toward the entrance . the captain stare out worriedly over the unruly crowd . courthouse jail - interior - day a basement chamber -- dark , thick - wall and poorly light . the camera have pan off a close shot of Gandhi as he turn in he cell at the sound of a door open and approach footstep . we have see only he head and shoulder , which be cover in a shawl . a police guard lead Charlie across the rough , unfinish floor . as he come to Gandhi 's cell we get a fleeting glimpse of Gandhi sit on a low pallet bed . Close shot . Gandhi as he recognize he visitor . gandhi Charlie -- reverse on Charlie . he look down at Gandhi and shake he head . charlie ( a somber grin ) ... shade of South Africa . Close shot . Gandhi . head and shoulder . he return the grin , but anger and determination still dominate he mood . gandhi not quite . they be only " hold I " until the magistrate 's hearing . then it will be prison . charlie ( sympathetically ) do they take you clothes ? and now we see Gandhi in full shot for the first time . he be wear only a white loincloth , the shawl over he shoulder and sandal -- the costume he will wear for the rest of he life . gandhi this be my clothes now . Charlie study he a moment , and be Charlie , he understand . charlie ( affectionately ) you always have a puritanical streak , mohan . he grin , and it elicit a little grin from Gandhi . gandhi ( in a tone of defensiveness ) if I want to be one with they , I have to live like they . charlie I think you do . ( a smile . ) but I thank God we all do not . and Gandhi laugh . gandhi I be sure you leg be quite as handsome as mine . charlie ah , but my puritanism run the another way . I be far too modest for such a display . and again Gandhi laugh . Charlie turn to the guard . charlie could not I be let in with the prisoner ? I be a clergyman . the police guard hesitates , and then unlock the cell . Charlie enter and sit on a little wooden stool opposite Gandhi , he long leg awkwardly fill most of the space between they . Gandhi have remain seat , pensive . Charlie study he a moment . charlie ( a bit puzzle ) they be call you " bapu . " I think it mean father . gandhi ( wistfully ) it do . we must be get old , Charlie . a little grin , but he mood remain pensive -- and remote . charlie what do you want I to do ? Gandhi look up -- he anger , he determination there , but then break by a hopeless sigh . gandhi I think , Charlie , that you can help we most by take that assignment you have be offer in fiji . Charlie be stunne , and obviously hurt . Gandhi proceed more gently . gandhi I have to be sure -- they have to be sure -- that what we do can be do by Indians ... alone . and now Charlie understand . Gandhi smile ; warmth , and sadness . then he speak with a determine purposefulness , a friend 's trust . gandhi but you know the strategy . the world be full of people who will despise what 's happen here . it be they strength we need . before you go , you could start we in the right direction . he have take some scratch note from under the bedding and hand they to Charlie . Charlie nod . he sigh , and rise slowly . charlie I must leave from Calcutta , and soon . you will have to say goodbye to ba for I . Gandhi rise , glance wryly at the prison wall . he nod . gandhi when I get the chance . and now he face Charlie ; this be the moment of farewell . charlie well , I -- he do not know what to say , how to say it . Gandhi meet he eye -- a smile that shelter Charlie 's vulnerability , return he love . gandhi there be no goodby for we , Charlie . wherever you be , you will always be in my heart ... the very English , very steadfast Charlie fight to contain he emotion . the courtroom - motihari - interior - day it be pack to overflow ; restless . Gandhi sit in the dock . one or two sergeant - at - arm be try to keep order , but it the uneven and menace chant of " Gandhi ... Gandhi " come from the mob outside the courtroom that fill the atmosphere with threat . the magistrate ( English ) be surveying the courtroom ; he signal he clerk ( English ) to he . magistrate ( whisper conference ) I be go to clear the courtroom . clerk ( politely ) I be not sure we would be able to . and it be a first hearing , it 's suppose to be public . and he 's a lawyer . the magistrate frown . magistrate ( worried , angry ) I do not know where they find the nerve for all this . clerk I be sure I do not either , but the troops will not be here until tomorrow . magistrate how the press get here before the military ? we see the front row from he point of view . two or three indian journalist and one european . clerk that English clergyman send a number of telegram yesterday afternoon . I understand one of they even go to the viceroy . the magistrate receive that news with some alarm . he indicate that the clerk take he place . Gandhi stand . the courtroom be silent , but we can still hear the sound of the chant outside . magistrate you have be order out of the province on the grounds of disturbing the peace . gandhi ( defiantly ) with respect , I refuse to go . the magistrate stare . the journalist write . the clerk swallow . the magistrate look around the courtroom and be only too aware of the mob outside . magistrate ( sternly ) do you want to go to jail ? gandhi ( not give he a inch ) as you wish . the clerk lower he eye to he pad . the magistrate search the distant wall , the top of he desk , he twitching hand for a answer . finally magistrate ( as much sternness as he can muster ) all right . I will release you on bail of one hundred rupee until I reach a sentence . gandhi I refuse to pay one hundred rupee . again the magistrate stare . and so do the journalist . the magistrate wet he lip -- magistrate then I -- I will grant release without bail -- until I reach a decision . and now the court explode . in the chaos of cheer and delight , the magistrate rise , look around the room and head for he chamber . the journalist be scribbling furiously . Gandhi turn and start out of the courtroom . we hear cry of " Gandhi ! -- Gandhi ! -- bapu ! " the courthouse balcony Gandhi step down from the courtroom to the balcony . a huge cheer come up from the mass peasant below . as he smile down at they , he be turn by a voice gandhiji ! -- gandhiji ! Mr. Gandhi ! four young Indians -- elegantly dress in English clothes -- be follow he , have plunge through the crowd in the courtroom . a beat -- and the first young man address he over the chaos . first young man ( he accent be as refine as he clothes ) gandhiji -- we be from bihar . we receive a cable this morning from a old friend who be at Cambridge with we . ( a smile . ) his name be Nehru and I believe you know he . Gandhi react -- with surprise and caution . gandhi indeed . first young man he tell we you need help . and we have come to give it . again Gandhi be surprised -- but even more cautious . behind he , the crowd begin to chant " Gandhi -- Gandhi . " gandhi I want to document , coldly , rationally , what be be do here . it may take month -- many , many month . first young man ( they be eager , impressed ) we have no press engagement . it sound casually ironic , but they look determine , even angry . gandhi you will have to live with the peasant . ( they nod . ) I have nothing to pay you . ( they only smile . ) hmm . he be look at they with a soupçon of skepticism but he be beginning to smell victory . his name echoe around he and be take up even louder as the news spread to the street . governor's office - champaran - interior - day almost total silence . the room be long , large and impose -- hardwood floor , overhead fan , a aura of wealth and permanence . footstep pace its acre of space ... and Sir George Hodge come into frame . he be rich , middle - age , tory -- and at the moment feel impotent and harry . sir GEORGE I do not know what this country be come to ! the Governor , Sir Edward gait -- the portrait of the King prominent behind he -- be feel as cornere as Sir George but for different reason . his desk be array with several tall stack of folder -- all with exactly the same cover -- and on one corner of the desk , some fold newspaper . we can just read " Gandhi " in a headline . he tap one of the folder irritably with he hand . sir edward but good God , man , you yourself raise the rent simply to finance a hunt expedition ! Sir George look at he -- half defensive , half defiant . they be old friend -- the same school , the same social class , long together in India -- and they argument be a argument between friend who accept the same premise . but even so the Governor feel the game have not quite be play fairly . sir edward and some of this other -- ( he gesture to the folder again ) beating , illegal seizure , demand service without pay , even refuse they water ! in India !... Sir George be stare out of the window , vex , bristle but defensive . sir GEORGE nobody know what it be to try to get this people to work ! sir edward well , you have make this half - naked whatever - he - be into a international hero . he pick up one of the papers irritatedly , the London Daily Chronicle . sir edward " one lone man march dusty road armed only with honesty and a bamboo shaft do battle with the british Empire . " ( he lower the paper dismally ; then the ultimate bitterness ) at home child be write " essay " about he . Sir George look at he and sigh heavily . Sir Edward stare back , then drop the paper back on he desk . sir edward I could not take another two year of he to save my life . Sir George turn , and pace back toward he . for the first time we see Sir Edward 's personal secretary ( a male civil servant ) sit at a small desk and listen with highly develop unobtrusiveness . sir GEORGE what do they want ? it be the first sign of concession . Sir Edward lift he eye to he personal secretary . personal secretary ( read precisely from a document ) a rebate on rent pay . ( Sir George huff . ) they be to be free to grow crop of they own choice . a commission -- part indian -- to hear grievance . Sir George look from he to Sir Edward . a beat . sir GEORGE ( wearily ) that would satisfy he ?... sir edward ( a nod ; then pointedly ) and his majesty 's government . it only need you signature for the landlord . Sir George look at the document on the secretary 's desk . a moment . the secretary turn it slowly so it be face he . Sir George look at it like a snake . the secretary pick up a pen and offer it . a second , then Sir George take the pen and sign angrily . sir GEORGE it will be worth it to see the back of he . ( a flourish at the end of he signature , then he stand . ) we be too damn liberal . Sir Edward be at the liquor cabinet . sir edward perhaps . but at least all this have make the government see some sense about what man like Mr. Gandhi should be allow , and what they should be deny . he turn , offer Sir George a whiskey in a finely cut glass of crystal . sir edward ( firmly ) thing be go to change . jinnah' residence - bombay - exterior - day jinnah move from under the portico . his shine , expensive car be come in the drive and stop by he . he open the back door , but only the chauffeur be in the car . jinnah ( in annoyance ) where be Mr. Gandhi ? chauffeur ( distastefully ) he say he prefer to walk , sir . I follow he most of the way . he 's just turn the corner . jinnah close the door and look across at the entrance in exasperation . jinnah the Prophet give I patience . chauffeur he come third class . it 's a disdainful comment and he drive the car off toward the garage . Gandhi come around the corner of the wall into the entrance . he be carry a bedroll and a bamboo walk stick . herman kallenbach be with he , dress informally , also carry a bedroll . jinnah make a " sophisticated " salaam . jinnah ( with effort ) my house be honore . Gandhi grin , dismiss the formality . gandhi ( he make the pranam ) the honor be ours . May I introduce Mr. kallenbach . he 's a old friend ( anticipate jinnah 's objection ) and he interest be in flower . I presume to tell he he could wander you garden while we talk . jinnah ( the suave , but slightly ironic host ) I will send my gardener . I be sure you will have much to discuss . jinnah' drawing room - interior - day it be spacious , " English . " at the door , jinnah introduce Gandhi to the room . jinnah gentlemen -- the hero of champaran . again Gandhi grin at the extravagance . gandhi only the stubborn man of champaran . a polite little laugh ; jinnah introduce he . jinnah Mr. Patel you know . ( Patel bow . ) Mr. Maulana azad -- a fellow Muslim ... recently release from prison . Gandhi make the pranam , study he with interest after that comment . azad give a gentle salaam . jinnah Mr. kripalani . ( a bow -- we have see he at the Congress Conference . ) and of course you know Mr. Nehru . Gandhi turn . feature Nehru . he stand , await Gandhi 's attention . all the other have be dress in european clothes . the handsome europeanized Nehru now wear a indian tunic -- much like the one that Gandhi once wear . for a moment Gandhi study the costume , then a broad smile . gandhi ( a play on jinnah 's introduction ) I be beginning to know Mr. Nehru . patel ( to business : Gandhi have be admit to the power circle , he be not the power ) well , I have call you here because I have have a chance to see the new legislation . it 's exactly what be rumor . arrest without warrant . Automatic imprisonment for possession of material consider seditious ... he look at Gandhi . patel you writings be specifically list . Gandhi nod at the " compliment , " but they be all angere by the severity of it . kripalani so much for help they in the great War ... jinnah ( fire ) there be only one answer to that . direct action -- on a scale they can never handle ! again the temper of it produce a little silence . then nehru I do not think so . he move to a servant who stand , hold a large tray with a silver service of tea . of they all , Nehru 's manner be the most naturally patrician and jinnah watch he with a somewhat envious awareness of it . nehru terrorism would only justify they repression . and what kind of leader would it throw up ? be they likely to be the man we would want at the head of we country ? his stand have produce a little shock of surprise . holding he tea , he turn to Gandhi with a little smile . nehru I have be catch up on my read . he mean Gandhi 's of course . jinnah look at the two of they . Gandhi have remove he sandal and be sit cross -legge on a fine upholster chair . jinnah 's eye rake he with anger and distaste . jinnah ( coldly ) I too have read Mr. Gandhi 's writings , but I would rather be rule by a indian terrorist than a English one . and I do not want to submit to that kind of law . patel ( to Nehru -- diplomatically -- but with a trace of condescension ) I must say , panditji , it seem to I it 's go beyond remedy like passive resistance . gandhi ( in the silence ) if I may -- I , for one , have never advocate passive anything . they all look at he with some surprise . as he speak , he rise and walk to the servant . gandhi I be with Mr. jinnah . we must never submit to such law -- ever . and I think we resistance must be active and provocative . they all stare at he , startle by he word and the fervor with which he speak to they . gandhi I want to embarrass all that who wish to treat we as slave . all of they . he hold they gaze , then turn to the immobile servant and with a little smile , take the tray from he and place it on the table next to he . it make they all aware that the servant , stand there like a insensate ornament , have be treat like a " thing , " a slave . as it sink in , Gandhi pour some tea then look up at they with a plead warmth -- first to jinnah . gandhi forgive my stupid illustration . but I want to change they mind -- not kill they for weakness we all possess . it impress each one of they . but for all he impact , they still take the measure of he with caution . azad and what " resistance " would you offer ? gandhi the law be due to take effect from April sixth . I want to call on the nation to make that a day of prayer and fasting . " prayer and fasting " ? they be not overwhelm . jinnah you mean a general strike ? gandhi ( he grin ) I mean a day of prayer and fasting . but of course no work could be do -- no bus , no train , no factory , no administration . the country would stop . Patel be the first to recognize the implication . patel my God , it would terrify they ... azad ( a wry smile ) Three hundred fifty million people at prayer . even the English newspaper would have to report that . and explain why . kripalani but could we get people to do it ? nehru ( he be half sell already ) champaran stir the whole country . ( to Gandhi ) they be call you mahatma -- the great soul . gandhi fortunately such news come very slowly where I live . nehru ( continue , to the other ) I think if we all work to publicize it ... all of the Congress ... every avenue we know . the idea have catch hold . as the other talk of " papers , " " telegram , " " speech , " jinnah look over he cup at Gandhi with a air of bitter resignation , but he try to make light of it . jinnah perhaps I should have stay in the garden and talk about the flower . the garden - viceroy' palace - exterior - day a garden party in full imperial splendor . a military band play discreetly in the background . prince , maharajah , general , rank british civil servant and they lady take tea on the manicure lawn among the exotic flower . but over all there be a thread of anxiety , we pick up one or two nervous phrase : " at the West Gate there be no taxi at all ! , " " of course , the Army will always be loyal . " and the camera pick out a civil servant step from a door of the palace carry a sheaf of telegram and cable form . he search the assemble guest , then head with almost indecorous haste toward he target . it be the viceroy , Lord chelmsford . with he , talk quietly , be he aide - de-camp , the Governor of the province and he adc , and the commanding general of the Army in India . Lord chelmsford 's adc be the first to react to the civil servant 's arrival and he impatient attendance . adc Sir -- it 's Mr. kinnoch . Lord chelmsford turn expectantly . chelmsford yes ? kinnoch ( hesitant , stunne ) nothing ... nothing be work , sir -- bus ... train ... the market ... ( personal , incredulous ) there 's not even any civilian staff here , sir ... everything have stop . chelmsford ( curt , firm ) be it simply Delhi and bombay ? his firmness do not restore kinnoch 's normal aplomb . he hold the telegram forward . kinnoch no , sir -- Karachi , Calcutta , madras , bangalore . it 's , it 's total . he glance at the general . kinnoch ( the ultimate ) the Army have to take over the telegraph or we would be cut off from the world . that take the wind out of all of they . grimly , Lord chelmsford look out across the palace 's order lawn and garden . chelmsford I can not believe it ... kinnoch he 's go to sell he own paper tomorrow in bombay . they have call for a parade -- on Victoria Road . chelmsford ( clenches he jaw and turn to the General ) arrest he ! the jail - bombay - interior - day a prison door open . Gandhi , in prison clothes , be lead along a small corridor to a room . the door be hold open by a prison guard . room - the jail - bombay - interior - day Nehru wait for Gandhi . he rise when Gandhi enter . the guard signal Gandhi to a chair across a small wooden table from Nehru . the guard close the door , but remain in the room . Nehru 's face be a map of concern , but he manage a small smile of greeting . nehru bapu ... Gandhi , who also look wear , rise he eyebrow whimsically at the use of that name . gandhi you too ... he mean " bapu " -- " Father . " nehru ( a real smile , but the same affection ) it seem less formal than " mahatma . " Gandhi sigh , and they face and mind go to more somber matter . nehru since you arrest the riot have hardly stop . not big -- ; but they keep break out . I run to stop they ... and Patel and kripalani -- they be never at rest . but some English civilian have be kill , and the Army be attack crowd with club -- and sometimes worse . Gandhi have listen to it all with a grow sense of despair . gandhi maybe I be wrong ... maybe we be not ready yet . in South Africa the number be small ... nehru the government 's afraid , and they do not know what to do . but they be more afraid of terrorist than of you . the viceroy have agree to you release if you will speak for non - violence . gandhi ( a sad smile ) I have never speak for anything else . the street of amritsar - exterior - day the golden dome of the Temple fill the screen , shimmer . the sound of a car , and march foot . the camera pull back from the dome , revealing the rooftop , the tree and then suddenly , center of frame , the face of General dyer -- blunt , cold , isolate in a cocoon of vengeful military righteousness . he be travel slowly , steadily in a armored car at the head of fifty armed sepoys -- gurkhas and baluchis -- immaculate , precise , awesome . behind they a staff car with dyer 's English adc and a british police officer . it be a relentless , determine procession , fill the dusty street with a sense of menace and forebode . jallianwallah bagh - amritsar - exterior - day a large public garden , enclose by a thick , old , crumble wall . a large crowd be gather around a speaker on a platform at one side of the park . it be political , but the crowd be mix . we see Muslims and hindus , many of they sikh , old man , little child , woman with babe in arm . some donkey cart , a sense of fair- time gaiety . we close in on the speaker -- a Muslim . he clutches a copy ( we need not see the title ) of Gandhi 's journal . speaker ... England be so powerful -- its army and its navy , all its modern weapon -- but when a great power like that strike defenseless people it show it brutality , its own weakness ! especially when that people do not strike back . ( he hold aloft the clench journal . ) that be why the mahatma beg we to take the course of non-violence ! the entrance of the jallianwallah bagh - exterior - day General dyer , he armored car , he sepoys , move toward the gate . dyer look ahead calmly . his point of view . the Gate of the Bagh . a rickety double gate in the high crumble wall . on each pillar , poster notice for the meeting : " for Congress -- for Gandhi . " in the distance the speaker and the assemble crowd . nearer , a few vendor , loiterer and child . at the sound of the armored car and march foot , a few turn in curiosity . another angle . the armored car grind forward . it will not go through the gate , one fender scraping against the gate post . dyer give a quiet order , the car back away . dyer jump down lightly -- a man in splendid condition . he walk through the gate and stand quietly in the at -ease position , hand clasp he swagger stick behind he back . look off at the speaker -- medium shot . speaker ... if we riot , if we fight back , we become the vandal and they become the law ! if we bear they blow , they be the vandal -- God and his law be on we ... ( he glance up . ) side . Long shot -- he point of view . the two platoon of sepoys , rifle at the port , trot smartly through the gate and fan out on either side of the motionless and dominant figure of dyer . resume the speaker . speaker ( soldier on ) ... we must have the courage to take they anger ... medium close -- the sepoys and dyer . he issue he command in a quiet and unemotional voice , as though they be on maneuver . dyer Port arm , sergeant Major . the sergeant major issue the command . the troops port arm . dyer load . again , the sergeant major bark the command , the bolt slam back and forth , the magazine clatter . feature the platform and the front of the crowd . they have all turn now to watch , freeze in incredulity and fascination . the sound of the sergeant major 's order and the sinister rattle of breech and bolt drift to they . speaker ( almost to himself as he too be rivete ) ... we pain will be we victory . they point of view . the distant figure face they . resume the crowd . numbly they begin to back away , press against the speaker 's stand , themselves . a man pick up a child . they point of view . the small , distant figure of the sepoys again . a word of command . one platoon kneel and take aim . another command . the second platoon , stand behind the first , take aim . feature dyer. his adc approach . the british police officer stand off to one side . adc do we issue a warning , sir ? dyer ( stiffly ) they have have they warning -- no meeting . it be final . resume the crowd . a ripple of panic now , everyone press back , but still they can not credit what they see . only one or two have the presence of mind to push clear and seek shelter . it be too late . Close shot dyer , still calm . dyer sergeant Major -- sergeant major take aim ! Long shot over the sepoys and they sight , the waver crowd distant . dyer Fire ! flash shot along the line of sepoys ; the rifle jerk and bang . the crowd , run , scream . sergeant major reload ! a dreadful press of panic-stricken people fly toward the wall . and again the crash of rifle . some fall . other run off -screen in a aimless , irresistible wave . dyer be walk behind he man , tell they , with a view to maximum accuracy , what he have tell they on the fire range ( it make he a little irritable to have to repeat it ) . dyer take you time . take you time . he look off at the crowd . his eye narrow . a group of man be hurl themselves at a breach in the top of the wall , hang there , scrabbling for a purchase , some disappear , a few heroic individual astride the wall reach down to assist they woman and child in the swirl crowd below . dyer corporal ! corporal Sir ! dyer over there . he nod . the corporal look . corporal Sir . he direct the attention of he neighbor in the fire line toward the new target ; they shift they aim . a man reach for a child -- who be also propel upward by its mother from below -- be hit , fall , so that he and the child crash into the crowd below . sepoys fire ad lib . dyer watch the effect , careful and conscientious . Swift tracking a man run through the staggering crowd , over the litter of body , he mouth open , he eye wild . he arrive at a well , throw down the rope and slide down it . other seize the idea and in panic throw themselves into the well , drop out of sight . feature dyer . meticulously , he tap a corporal on the shoulder with he swagger stick and indicate the well . the corporal signal he line of man . at the well . the gather crowd -- man , woman -- and lace with rifle fire . from behind the sepoys we see the whole Bagh , litter with dead and die , a thick ruck around the well , the wall hang with wounded and die , the fire continue , loud , loud , louder ... until -- CUT to : the armory hall - the fort of lahore - interior - day silence . the camera be close as it cross a table with legal document . gradually we hear a muffle cough , whisper , shuffle papers , and it at last come to a large close shot of General dyer . another angle . a Commission of inquiry sit in the large armory Hall of the Old Fort . dyer face a panel of commissioner : Lord Hunter , preside , Mr. justice rankin , General barrow , a british civil servant , and a indian barrister . the Commission function like a public parliamentary committee -- little ceremony , no judicial robe , a small group of public and press , who sit on wooden chair behind a barrier that isolate the Commission 's business . much of that public be English -- fellow officer and civilian . a government advocate ( English ) turn to face dyer . advocate General dyer , be it correct that you order you troops to fire at the thickest part of the crowd ? dyer glance woodenly at the panel -- a man in some shock at the consequence of what he assume be a act worthy of praise . dyer ( righteously ) that be so . the advocate look at he with a degree of disbelief -- more at he attitude than he statement . advocate one thousand five hundred and sixteen casualty with one thousand six hundred and fifty bullet . a slight reaction from the public section . dyer 's jaw tighten . dyer my intention be to inflict a lesson that would have a impact throughout all India . he stare at the panel like a reasonable man make a reasonable point . the evasiveness , the only half - bury embarrassment of they response only deepen he own withdrawal into himself . indian barrister General , have you be able to take in the armored car , would you have open fire with the machine gun ? dyer think about it . then unashamedly -- dyer I think , probably -- yes . a mute reaction from the public section . the indian barrister stare at he a moment , then simply lower he eye to he note . hunter General , do you realize there be child -- and woman -- in the crowd ? dyer ( a beat ) I do . for the first time there be the hint of uncertainty in he manner . advocate but that be irrelevant to the point you be make ? dyer that be correct . there be just a tremor of distaste quickly suppress among the panel . not so quickly in the public section . advocate could I ask you what provision you make for the wounded ? dyer look at he quickly . the question be unexpected , even a little " clever . " the officer listen clearly resent it . dyer ( a moment , then firmly ) I be ready to help any who apply . and that answer stop the advocate . he smile dryly . advocate General ... how do a child shot with a 3 - 0 - 3 enfield " apply " for help ? dyer face he stonily , a seed of panic take root deep in he gut . jallianwallah bagh - exterior - day quiet : the same silence as at the Court of inquiry . the camera be pan slowly along a section of the wall . we be close and see the bullet hole , the patch of splash blood , the scratch where finger have dig at the surface of the wall to claw a path to safety ... and finally the camera come to a close shot of Gandhi , match that of dyer , whom we have just leave . he be surveying the wall in the now empty park numbly , desolately . Nehru stand a few foot away from he , he mood the same , the same benumb grief and incredulity . resume the wall -- Gandhi 's point of view . the camera continue its pan -- bit of human hair matte in the dry blood , and the bullet - rip foliage , the well , trample ground around it , little piece of clothing . fly buzz around the debris . abstractedly , Gandhi touch the bucket rope that lie across the surround . Nehru have move to the other side of the well . Gandhi lift he eye to he ... fade out : fade in : the vice - regal palace - new DELHI - exterior - day the impose capitol building of the british raj in India . we establish then cut into government council room - interior - day feature the viceroy , Lord chelmsford . chelmsford you must understand , gentleman , that his majesty 's government -- and the british people -- repudiate both the massacre and the philosophy that prompt it . chelmsford be pace along one side of a large conference table . just in front of this be the " british " side -- two general ( a full general and a brigadier ) , a naval officer , two senior civil servant , a senior police officer . across from they be the " indian " side : Gandhi , Nehru , Patel , jinnah , azad . this time Gandhi be in the middle and speak with the full authority of a leader . the indian side acknowledge chelmsford 's disclaimer -- coolly , but accept it . that lift chelmsford 's hope a little . chelmsford what I would like to do be to come to some compromise over the new civil legis -- gandhi if you will excuse I , you excellency , it be we view that matter have go beyond " legislation . " it be speak with the cold determination of a man still angry . it stop chelmsford in mid-pace . gandhi we think it be time you recognize that you be master in someone else 's home . ( it chill , stiffen ; Gandhi proceed only a iota softer ) despite the best intention of the best of you , you must , in the nature of thing , humiliate we to control we . General dyer be but a extreme example of the principle . it be time you leave . the british be stunne almost to speechlessness -- the audacity , the impossibility of it -- and from Gandhi of all people . the senior civil servant , kinnoch , be the first to recover . kinnoch with respect , Mr. Gandhi , without british administration , this country would be reduce to chaos . gandhi ( patient , ironic ) Mr. kinnoch , I beg you to accept that there be no people on earth who would not prefer they own bad government to the " good " government of a alien power . brigadier ( indignantly , choke ) my dear sir -- India be british ! we be hardly a alien power ! Gandhi and the other just look at he . chelmsford be realist enough to recognize that a faux pas have be make , and he strive to get the meeting back on the course he intend . chelmsford even if his majesty could waive all other consideration , he have a duty to the million of he Muslim subject who be a minority in this realm . and experience have teach that he troops and he administration be essential in order to keep the peace . he have deliberately if delicately catch the eye of both jinnah and Maulana azad during this . Gandhi know the trouble this can cause and he answer more for that on he side than the viceroy 's . gandhi all nation contain religious minority . like other country , ours will have its problem . ( flat , irrevocable ) but they will be ours -- not yours . its finality be such that for a moment there be no response at all , but then the General smile . general and how do you propose to make they yours ? you do not think we be just go to walk out of India . his smile flitter cynically on the mouth of the other on he side . gandhi yes ... in the end you will walk out . because one hundred thousand englishmen simply cannot control three hundred fifty million Indians if the Indians refuse to co-operate . and that be what we intend to achieve -- peaceful , non-violent , non - co - operation . he look at they all , then up at Lord chelmsford behind they . gandhi until you yourself see the wisdom of leave ... you excellency . later - the same government council room Close shot -- a crystal decanter . the top be lift , whiskey pour . the camera pull back . we be still in the Council room , but time have pass . the indian delegation have go , and the british be relax as a servant pour . general ( mock he exchange with Gandhi ) " you do not just expect we to walk out ? " " yes . " and they all laugh . brigadier extraordinary little man ! " nonviolent , non-co-operation " -- for a moment I almost think they be actually go to do something . there be some smile , but not all of they be quite so amused . chelmsford ( thoughtfully ) yes -- but it would be wise to be very cautious for a time . the anti- terrorist Act will remain on the statute , but on no account be Gandhi to be arrest . whatever mischief he cause , I have no intention of make a martyr of he . it be a instruction they all find correct . field - exterior - night a roar of approval from a huge crowd . we be feature two british soldier , they face partially light by a flicker torch light that reveal they tense wariness . another angle . and we can see its cause . a huge crowd be gather around a platform -- torch sprinkle through it -- and they mood be confident , belligerent . as they defiant roar carry through the night air we see that Gandhi sit cross -legge on the platform . Nehru be with he . Patel , now for the first time in a indian tunic , and azad , also in a indian tunic . desai , Gandhi 's new male secretary , be with they . but it be ba who be speak at the microphone , who have bring the shout of defiance from the crowd . BA ( simple , direct ) ... but now something worse be happen . when gandhiji and I be grow up , woman wove they own cloth . but now there be million who have no work because that who can buy all they need from England . I say with gandhiji , there be no beauty in the finest cloth if it make hunger and unhappiness . it be the end of she speech and she make the pranam and turn away . there be applause and noise , but ba do not acknowledge it ; she simply sit cross - legge behind Gandhi , who be talk with Patel and Nehru . at last he rise , and the noise and applause increase to something like chaos . in close shot we see other british soldier watch on the perimeter of the crowd and they be now make even more wary by the enthusiasm of this greeting . Gandhi fiddle with he glass , preoccupy ; finally he look out over the crowd and hold up a hand -- almost lazily -- and gradually , but quite definitely , the crowd still . gandhi my message tonight be the message I have give to you brother everywhere . to gain independence we must prove worthy of it . we intercut with the crowd , listen raptly . Gandhi hold up one finger . gandhi there must be hindu -muslim unity -- always . ( a second finger . ) secondly , no indian must be treat as the English treat we so we must remove untouchability from we life , and from we heart . neither of this goal be easy , and the audience reaction show it . now Gandhi raise a third finger . gandhi third -- we must defy the british . and the crowd break into stamp and applause . Gandhi let it run for a time , then still it with the one small gesture as before . gandhi not with violence that will inflame they will , but with firmness that will open they eye . this have sober the audience somewhat . now he look out across they as though seek something . then gandhi English factory make the cloth -- that make we poverty . ( a reaction . ) all that who wish to make the English see , bring I the cloth from Manchester and Leeds that you wear tonight , and we will light a fire that will be see in Delhi -- and London ! there be a excited stir ; he silence it . gandhi and if , like I , you be leave with only one piece of homespun -- wear it with dignity ! Close shot -- the ground . as suitcoat , shirt , vest , trousers , be flung into a pile . feature the two british soldier -- later -- on the edge of the crowd , stare off , they face now brightly light by darting flame . they point of view . a huge triangular pile burn before the platform , a excited half - naked crowd swirl in the shadow around it . resume the two british soldier . they look at each other with a kind of fear a rampant crowd can excite in that who must hold it ... ashram station - exterior - day the small train station near the ashram . kallenbach stand by a new ( early 1920 ) Ford touring car , watch as a train pull into the station . as people start to jump off the train he move forward . feature Patel , get out of a compartment mark " second class . " he lug a bedroll and a bag . despite the indian tunic he now wear he cannot help but look and act like the incisive , patrician lawyer he be under the skin . as he move through the crowded platform . patel Excuse I -- just let I get out of you way , please . ( someone reach for he bedroll and bag . ) no , thank you , I will manage . he look up ; it be kallenbach who be the insistent " helper . " patel ( joyous -- it 's be a long time ) ah , herman ! ( of the bag ) no , no -- do not destroy my good intention . I be feel guilty about travel second class . kallenbach be smile too . he reach for the bag again . kallenbach I do it as a friend -- and admirer -- not a servant . patel ah , in that case ! and grandly , he relinquish the bag and look back . patel Maulana be make of sterner stuff . we train meet in bombay , but he 's back there in that lot somewhere . they point of view . in the chaos of the third class we see Maulana azad come out of a section of the coach . he be carry a baby wrap in rag . the child 's mother with two little one hang on she have follow he out . patel' voice -over there he be -- out gandhi-e Gandhi . azad hand the woman the baby and she obviously thanks he . he make a little salaam to she and move through the confusion of the platform toward the camera . resume Patel and kallenbach . patel ( shaking he head at it all ) when I think what we " beloved mahatma " ask , I do not know how he ever get such a hold over we . be he back ? kallenbach yes . now that thing be move he 's go to write and only take part when it 's necessary . azad approach they . azad ( to Patel ) it be a hindu child and it try to wet on I . he and kallenbach clasp with they free hand , both grin . patel of course . a Muslim beef eater -- I be only surprised he miss . azad he be a she . patel ah , that explain it . ( he grin . ) well , do I carry you luggage as penance or -- kallenbach there 's another passenger -- a miss slade . ( he turn automatically , as Patel and azad do , toward the first class section . ) she 's the daughter of a English admiral . ( Patel and azad look back at he in quick surprise . kallenbach smile . ) she 's be corresponding with he for a year . and the camera pan with they glance at they look back with real interest toward the first class coach . porter be unload the baggage of two or three passenger here and help some other ( English and indian ) to board . in the foreground we see a tall indian woman in a red sari . farther along there be a large stack of luggage be add to by a porter . a English woman be hover about it . she be well dress , but rather dreary and unprepossessing , and the camera zoom in toward she . patel and what do the daughter of a English admiral propose to do in a ashram -- sink we ? azad ( quietly -- he manner ) from the look of the luggage , yes . Patel grin . like most witty man , he love wit in other . kallenbach she want to make she home with we -- and gandhiji have agree . Patel groan . they turn back to the train and just as they do , the tall indian woman in the red sari tip a porter , take one small bag from he and turn : mirabehn ( madeleine slade ) be tall , quite pretty and extremely English despite the sari . the minute she turn , she stop on see the now startle kallenbach . mirabehn you would be Mr. kallenbach . kallenbach recover sufficiently to -- kallenbach ... and you would be miss slade . mirabehn ( proudly ) I prefer the name gandhiji have give I -- mirabehn . the word mean " daughter . " Patel and azad stare at each other in something like bafflement . the road to the ashram - exterior - day a ox labor along in harness . we follow he for a moment , then move along the trace of the harness to the Ford touring car that it be pull . in the car kallenbach and mirabehn sit in the front seat , Patel and azad in the back . closer . kallenbach ( of the car ) it be a gift and it only work a few week , but when Gandhi come home he strike on this idea . he call it he ox - Ford . comfortable -- and yet more we pace . he do what little steering be necessary and mirabehn smile at it all , find everything delightful . she peer ahead in the direction of the distant ashram . mirabehn might Mr. Nehru be there too ? patel ( glibly ) the irresponsible young Nehru be in prison -- again . though there be a rumor that under pressure from you country , they will let he out -- again . mirabehn have turn to look at he . she have the same sophomoric eagerness and intensity as the young Gandhi . mirabehn you can not know how closely we follow you struggle -- ( to Patel personally ) how many in England admire what you do in bardoli . it must have take enormous courage . patel well , in this country one must decide if one be more afraid of the government or Gandhi . ( of azad , kallenbach and himself ) for we , it 's Gandhi . mirabehn be enthralled by the wit , the modesty that underline the word . she face kallenbach . mirabehn ( a note of wonder ) and you be german ... kallenbach yes . mirabehn and do you feel indian ? she think she do , and that he would want to . kallenbach no . it surprise , but it do not deflate . mirabehn but you have be with he so long -- why ? kallenbach , whose size and stillness carry the aura of some great piece of primitive sculpture -- solid , true , disturbingly profound -- search inside himself for the answer . kallenbach ... I would come to believe I would never meet a truly honest man . and then I meet one . it be so profoundly simple and deeply feel that it obviously touch the deeply emotional mirabehn . gandhi be bungalow - exterior - day ba have a spin wheel on the small porch and Gandhi be sit next to she with another . he be try to imitate she action -- which be fast and dexterous -- and he get in a terrible jumble . ba watch , laugh . BA stop -- stop ... she lean across and try to extricate he finger . BA God give you ten thumb . gandhi ( morosely ) eleven . and ba laugh again and Gandhi smile , tapping she with playful reproval on the top of she bent head . there be footstep and Gandhi look up . Patel stand in the doorway . Gandhi 's face change to something like elation . a beat . gandhi sardar ... it mean " leader " and it be the name the peasant have give Patel . Gandhi use it with a intonation of novelty and respect . he stand and cross to Patel , clutching he emotionally , and it bring a bit of emotion from the sophisticated Patel . Gandhi hold he back to look at he . gandhi what you have do be a miracle . you have make all India proud . Patel get hold of himself , and affect he usual glib cynicism . patel it must have be the only non-violent campaign ever lead by a man who want to kill everybody every day . gandhi ( laugh ) not true ! ( he mean himself . ) the secret be master the urge . he smile again , then , he arm still around Patel 's shoulder , he turn to greet the other . azad look at he , then facetiously , as though to put down Patel . azad he come second class . Gandhi laugh again , squeezing Patel 's shoulder . gandhi well , we can not expect miracle all the time . ( then to azad , more soberly ) you news I understand be not so good . azad shake he head . azad no . Gandhi reach forward and touch he hand , and he see mirabehn on the porch . for a moment they eye meet and then mirabehn move forward quickly and take he hand , kissing it , tear run down she cheek . Gandhi touch the top of she head . gandhi come , come -- you will be my daughter ... later - gandhi be bungalow - interior - twilight the camera be on a row of sandal by the door -- Patel 's , azad 's , desai 's , Gandhi 's . it pan to the room . Gandhi sit face Patel and azad , desai in the background , make note of the discussion . Gandhi be card fiber to thread as they talk . mirabehn , seat like the other , be almost in the circle , sit near ba , and listen like she . ba 's spin never stop . azad ... but then some rioting break out between hindus and Muslims -- violent , terrible ... Gandhi look up at azad , azad shake he head solemnly azad whether it be provoke ... ( he shrug , a hint of suspicion ) but it give they a excuse to impose martial law throughout Bengal . ( he look at Gandhi , shaking he head grimly . ) some of the thing the military have do ... but he do not go on . it have a terrible sobriety . gandhi be the campaign weaken ? azad shake he head . azad the march and protest be bigger if anything but with the censorship here ( a nod toward mirabehn ) they know more in England than we do , and it sap the courage to think you may be suffer alone . Gandhi reach out and touch he hand . gandhi they be not alone . and martial law only show how desperate the british be . he hold azad 's eye , give strength . then he turn to mirabehn , make more aware of she by azad 's reference . for a moment he look at she sari . gandhi be that homespun ? or cotton from Leeds ? the tone suggest he think it be homespun . mirabehn nod , a little choke that he attention be turn to she . mirabehn I -- I send for it , from here . I dyed it myself . Gandhi smile approvingly . then a shadow -- gandhi what do the worker in England make of what we be do ? it must have produce hardship . mirabehn beam . mirabehn it have . but you would be surprised . they understand -- they really do . it 's not the worker you have to worry about . gandhi good . ( a glance toward ba . ) ba will have to teach you to spin too . mirabehn I would rather march . gandhi first spin . let the other march for a time . mirabehn nod and look resignedly at ba . ba be spin . she smile . BA first lesson : to march , wear shoe , to spin , do not . mirabehn look down at the shoe on she foot -- and then at the other and they bare foot -- and she look up in grin , self - conscious embarrassment . ba smile at she affectionately . BA I will teach you all we foolishness , and you must teach I yours . mirabehn look at she , accept the warmth behind the teasing . it be the beginning of a endure friendship . chauri chaura - exterior - night a small town . feature the face of six indian police constable as a torch light parade pass they . there be enough of they in they group to be watch the marcher with a challenging disdain . the marcher be man in loin - clothes and tunic ; they brandish tear and rip English cloth and shout in unison . marcher Home rule ! Long live Gandhi ! buy indian ! Long live Gandhi ! we have cut to the parade -- and it be the tail end , go around a corner ahead . some of the marcher wave they cloth tauntingly at the police . one policeman suddenly step out and grab at a piece of cloth wave at he . he pull it viciously from the marcher . policeman I will stuff you damn mouth with it ! he chase the marcher and boot he with he foot . another marcher run at the policeman , swinging at he with he piece of cloth . second marcher leave he alone -- he be not harm you ! another angle -- sudden . he be whacked across the face with a billy club and fall , clutching he face and spout blood from he nose . another angle . the police be now all attack , swinging club and kick at the tail - ender of the march . and the tail - ender begin to scream tail -ender help ! help we ! as they try to scramble away from the attack . out of shot we can still hear the disappear chant : " Home rule ! Long live Gandhi ! " connecting STREET - exterior - night the parade be on this street . a tail - ender , blood stream down he face , run around the corner . lose shot -- the tail - ender . as he stop tail -ender ( scream ) help ! help we ! another angle . some of the marcher turn at the shout . resume the police - the first STREET a few of the tail - ender watch , some run clear of the police , some be beat . two police have a man on the ground . one policeman look up . policeman hey -- they point of view . the corner where the parade have disappear . it be now pack with more marcher , more flooding in from behind . we see the whole street , the marcher mass near the corner , spread out , stare at the police , who be now freeze in they mayhem , stare off at the marcher . for a second , utter silence . and then the police begin to back away from they victim . the marcher start to move forward . the police draw they gun , and the marcher suddenly run at they , a guttural roar , as though they be one single wild beast . feature the police . they start to run , some turn to fire at the pursue crowd , then run on . the police station - exterior - night a small building for this small town . a policeman on duty hold the door and the flee police , first one , then two more , then the last three , run into the building . the crowd surge around it , smash window , hurl stone . Close shot . English cloth shirt push together and ignite . second close shot . trousers , already aflame , be hurl through a break window . all around , the noise of the angry , surging crowd , stone raining on the building . shout : " out -- out ! " later . a corner of the building engulf in flame . the camera pull back and we see the whole building sweep with fire . the heat of it keep the crowd back but they be still shouting " out -- out ! -- out " -- and a sudden cheer . at the door of the flame building . one policeman appear , he face blacken with soot , he hand up over he head . another appear in the smoke behind he , and they start to come out -- not only the original six but the five or six other who be in the building -- rush suddenly from the heat of the fire . Close shot -- the crowd . we be close on the body of the first policeman as he run into the crowd and on the instant we see a sword slash at he arm . another angle . the crowd mass around the fall figure , a flash of the sword go up over the head -- a breathless pause -- and it come down again ... savagely . later . the flame of the crumble building . the crowd have go and we only hear the roar of the flame . the camera pan across the flame , and we see a skull , char flesh still cling to it , the eye black hole , the tooth bare as it burn in the fire . jinnah' drawing room - interior - day Close shot -- Gandhi . his face draw , stunne , as he stare emptily at the floor . he be sit on the carpet in the center of the room . a moment of silence and then we begin to hear the tick of a clock , the sound of other move in the room , and finally patel' voice that 's one bit of news they have not censor . another angle . Patel lean with one arm on a table , he mood as devastate as Gandhi 's ; he be look at a indian paper on the table by he hand . a moment then jinnah' voice oh , it 's all over the world ... ( ironically ) India 's " non-violence . " he have be stand , look out of a window . he turn , and toss a newspaper on a desk . it be a New York Times and we just glimpse the picture of the severe head lie in the smolder ash . and now we see Nehru and azad in the background too . and desai . jinnah as usual in a finely cut european suit , the other be dress in tunic of homespun as they will be to the end . nehru ( bleakly ) what can we do ? gandhi ( sepulchrally ) we must end the campaign . they turn to he -- a sense of surprise , but they do not really believe he mean the statement . jinnah after what they do at the massacre -- it 's only a eye for a eye . gandhi ( he have not move ; the same tone ) a eye for a eye only end up make the whole world blind . ( now he look up at they . ) we must stop . patel ( a baffle smile ) gandhiji -- do you know the sacrifice people have make ? he look at he . Gandhi do not move . Patel look up hopelessly at jinnah . azad keep he eye fix on Gandhi , sense , fear what be go to happen . jinnah we would never get the same commitment again -- ever . he look at Gandhi with a mount sense of annoyance . Gandhi be listen , but still withdraw into himself . gandhi if we obtain we freedom by murder and bloodsh I want no part of it . nehru ( plead ) it be one incident . gandhi ( quietly ) tell that to the family of the policeman who die . jinnah turn away in anger . Patel sigh . Nehru feel helpless but he continue to try . nehru bapu -- the whole nation be march . they would not stop , even if we ask they to . Gandhi stare into nothing -- mull that . finally gandhi I will ask . and I will fast as penance for my part in arouse such emotion -- and I will not stop until they stop . Nehru stare at he -- surprised . azad be not . jinnah ( disgustedly ) God ! you can be sure the british will not censor that ! they will put it on every street corner . Gandhi do not react . and Nehru ignore the think too , because like azad he mind be already on the real danger . nehru but -- but gandhiji people be arouse ... they will not stop . Gandhi look up at he -- a resign fatalism . gandhi if I die , perhaps they will ... the ashram - exterior - twilight mirabehn walk across the grounds toward Gandhi 's bungalow . she carry a small tray with a pitcher and a glass . we see a few people work in the background , and a mass of people campe near the entrance , some sprawle , some sit , some stand -- all wait . the step of Gandhi 's bungalow . a doctor in a white tunic sit on the porch , read . on a small table beside he we a stethoscope and the equipment to measure blood pressure . he look up at mirabehn as she mount the step , and nod . mirabehn reach the doorway and be suddenly bring up . gandhi be bungalow - the interior - mirabehn' point of view - twilight in the shadow , ba sit by Gandhi 's mat bed . she be hold he as he heave in a spasm of dry retching , he face to the wall . when he be finish , he lie almost limp in she arm and she gently lower he to the mat . she stroke he head . mirabehn stiffen herself . she be not yet devotee and nurse . she remove she sandal and walk across the room . ba look up at she . she glance at the jug and glass , then nod . she turn to Gandhi . BA ( softly ) I must get ready for evening prayer . mirabehn be here . she stroke he sweat head again , touch he shoulder and get up . for a moment the two woman hold each other 's gaze , then ba smile weakly , and lean she head into the taller mirabehn 's shoulder . with she free hand mirabehn touch ba 's head . then ba straighten , and leave without look back . mirabehn bend and sit by Gandhi 's side . mirabehn I have bring you drink water . May I turn you ? Gandhi struggle to turn , and mirabehn help he . when he turn we see that he face be wet with sweat from the dry heaving and he hand and arm be quivering and he cannot stop they . she look at he nervously , then pour a glass from the pitcher . mirabehn there be a little lemon juice in it . that be all . she turn back , and prop up he head , help he to sip . mirabehn herman have go to meet pandit Nehru -- there be a telegram . almost everywhere it have stop . Gandhi swallow with difficulty . he pause , let he head fall back and she lower it down to the mat again . he try to smile . gandhi when it be everywhere , then my prayer will be answer . mirabehn look daunt by he intractability . gandhi do you find I stubborn ? mirabehn ( she own honesty ) I do not know ... I know you be right . I do not know that this be right . Gandhi signal she down to he . she bend so she be look at the floor and he be speak almost into she ear . gandhi ( hoarse , strain ) when I despair , I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always win . we intercut they face , very close , as he speak . gandhi there have be tyrant and murderer , and for a time they can seem invincible . but in the end they always fall . think of it -- always ... when you be in doubt that that be God 's way , the way the world be mean to be ... think of that . during the very last of it mirabehn have turn she face to he , touch with emotion . gandhi ( the paternal smile ) and then -- try to do it his way . ( a tear run down mirabehn 's face . she touch he shoulder . Gandhi just lean he head back in exhaustion . ) and now -- could I have another feast of lemon juice ? mirabehn straighten up , smile , wiping the tear from she cheek with mock discipline . she start to pour water from the pitcher into the glass again , then she turn suddenly , she attention catch . her point of view . the doorway . Nehru stand in it . kallenbach and desai be a step or two behind he . mirabehn panditji -- come in . she stand , move back from Gandhi . Nehru cross and kneel in mirabehn 's place . Gandhi look up at he and he eye light . he move he shaking hand out and Nehru clasp it . a moment of personal feel between they , then nehru jinnah , Patel , all of Congress have call for the end of non- co - operation . there 's not be one demonstration . all over India people be praying that you will end the fast . they be walk in the street , offer garland to the police -- and to british soldier . it be a victory . Gandhi 's face crack into a tearful grin . gandhi ( croak ) perhaps -- perhaps I have overdo it . and Nehru choke with emotion and laughter at the same time . he bury he head on Gandhi 's hand , clutching it to he . the ashram - exterior - day Bright sunshine . a little boy be pull a goat by a tether . he turn with a bright smile . little boy good morning , bapu ! reverse angle . Gandhi be walk , hold ba 's shoulder for support with one hand , and mirabehn 's with the other . it be some day later . gandhi good morning . ( of the goat ) do not let she go . if she bump I I be do for . the boy grin at Gandhi 's feign alarm . little boy do not worry . I milk she every day , she 's not -- the sound of a motor disturb they . Gandhi turn . his point of view . come into the entrance , along the bumpy path be two police car ( early 1920 Morris ) . they have to stop because they be impede by Gandhi 's ox - Ford . four indian policeman hop quickly out of the second car . a british police superintendent , and he british deputy get more decorously out of the first . another angle . Gandhi have turn with he two prop , ba and mirabehn . the police be approach he . kallenbach be run from the field . Nehru be hurry from another building carry sheave of page proofs . other ashramite converge from the field and building . the british police superintendent ( who be Scottish ) stop before Gandhi . police superintendent ( a beat ) sedition . nehru ( it be too absurd ) you can not be serious ! this man have just stop a revolution ! police superintendent ( uncomfortably ; he know ) that 's as may be . I only know what I be charge to perform . Nehru stare at he and the policeman with grow incredulity . nehru I do not believe it -- even the british can not be that stupid ! gandhi panditji -- please , help I . it stop Nehru . he look at Gandhi and sigh in unmaster frustration , but he move to Gandhi 's side . Gandhi turn to mirabehn . gandhi you must help herman -- and ba . ( he release she , and say more loudly to the other ) I have be on many trip -- it be just another trip . he smile at they , then slip he free hand on Nehru 's shoulder and he turn to the superintendent . gandhi I be at you command . feature Gandhi , ba and Nehru , as they walk to the car behind the somewhat surprised superintendent . gandhi ( to Nehru ) if there be one protest -- one riot -- a disgrace of any kind , I will fast again . he look at Nehru firmly . Nehru know he well enough now not to argue -- even at this , though he face show the struggle . gandhi ( and now he smile -- Gandhi to Nehru , special ) I know India be not ready for my kind of independence . if I be send to jail , perhaps that be the best protest we country can make at this time . and if it help India , I have never refuse to take his majesty 's hospitality . he laugh and Nehru struggle to join in the joke . the circuit court - ahmedabad - interior - day a quiet hum in a pack courtroom . armed sepoys line the wall . feature judge broomfield and the clerk . the judge be flipping through document on the case , a troubled frown on he face . at last , he shut the folder and nod to the clerk . the clerk turn and say in a moderately loud voice -- clerk call the prisoner to the bar . the sergeant - at -arm turn and move to the door at the side of the bench . the courtroom immediately fall silent . the sergeant - at -arm open the door -- a moment -- and Gandhi enter slowly . he have recover a bit more , but he still move slowly . feature judge broomfield . as Gandhi enter , he lower he glass , place they on he desk , and rise , face Gandhi . feature two English court reporter . one nudge the other in astonishment , signal off toward the judge . they point of view . the clerk , confuse as well as astonished , see the judge stand , face Gandhi in respect , and dutifully , he too stand . resume the reporter . a disbely exchange of glance , the sound of other stand around they . they glance back . full shot -- the courtroom . the whole court rise , the astound reporter the last of all . feature Gandhi . he take the prisoner 's stand . he look around , a little surprised , a little affect by the demonstration . he look up at the judge . for a minute they eye meet , the judge make a little bow to Gandhi . Gandhi reciprocate ... and the judge sit down . feature the reporter shrugging incredulously to each other , as they sit once more . later . the advocate General be speak from a fold journal . advocate general ... " non-co-operation have one aim : the overthrow of the government . sedition must become we creed . we must give no quarter , nor can we expect any . " ( he look up at Gandhi . ) sign M. K. Gandhi , in you journal Young India , date twenty - second March of this year . do you deny write it ? gandhi not at all . ( to the judge ) and I will save the Court 's time , m'lord , by state under oath that to this day I believe non- co-operation with evil be a duty . and that british rule of India be evil . there be a little shock of reaction around the courtroom . the advocate General smile with a brittle disdain , then he turn to the judge . advocate general the prosecution rest , m'lord . the judge nod . he turn , glance at the empty table for defense counsel , and then to Gandhi . judge broomfield I take it you will conduct you own defense , Mr. Gandhi . gandhi I have no defense , my Lord . I be guilty as charge . ( then testingly ) and if you truly believe in the system of law you administer in my country , you must inflict on I the severest penalty possible . it be almost a cruel challenge to the obviously humane broomfield . the reporter scribble , watch the judge even as they write , because the mere doubt in the judge 's face reflect on the whole position of the british to India . feature judge broomfield . he lower he glass soberly , stare at they for a moment . judge broomfield it be impossible for I to ignore that you be in a different category from any person I have ever try , or be likely to try . he look up at Gandhi and he own respect for he be almost poignantly manifest . judge broomfield ( a long beat ) it be nevertheless my duty to sentence you -- to six year ' imprisonment . a stunne intake of breath from the whole courtroom , then in absolute silence the clerk scribbles the sentence in he notebook . a pause . the judge lower he eye . judge broomfield ( a personal statement , not a real hope ) if however his majesty 's government could -- at some later date -- see fit to reduce that term , no one would be better pleased than I . he fold , and refold he glass and then without look at anyone he rise . the court rise and he walk stiffly to he chamber . feature Gandhi . he stand , stare at broomfield , and now it be he face that show the respect . indian road - exterior - day Long shot . from far above the hill we see a car travel along the road . its style tell we some year have pass . feature Walker -- close . the reporter from the New York Times , whom we first see as a young man in South Africa . he be in a open car , turn back to look at something , he face intrigue by what he see . collin ' voice - over ( English accent ) yes , I be sure that 's exactly what they hope . put he in prison a few year and with luck he would be forget . and maybe they would even subdue he ... we see from Walker 's point of view a indian woman walk along the road , lead a tall camel that carry sack of produce . two young girl in rag saris walk with she , and a boy of eight lead a smaller camel behind they . they be stare off at the car . resume Walker . he swing back around , fascinate with what he be see of India . the car be a early 1930s Morris minor . collin well , he certainly be not forget ! and as soon as he get out he be back tramping the country , preaching non-violence and demand a free India . everybody know another showdown 's come -- but when , and over what -- he shrug , " nobody know " ... WALKER well , I read you account of that crowd in Calcutta and that he be twist the lion 's tail again ... Collins have suddenly slowed the car , then swerve around a pair of elephant haul log . WALKER ( falteringly ) ... and I know something have to give . and I be determine to be here when it do . collin how do a reporter in Central America learn that Gandhi be bear in porbandar anyway ? WALKER oh , I have be a Gandhi buff for a long time . Collins glance at he in surprise as he steer the car around another procession of camel head toward the port . collin he certainly make good copy . ( a laugh . ) the other day Winston churchill call he " that half - naked indian fakir . " Walker smile too , but it soon pass . WALKER I meet he once . Collins look at he in real surprise . collin you mean Gandhi ? WALKER ( nod ) back in South Africa ... ( reflectively ) long time ago . collin what be he like ? WALKER lot of hair ... and a little like a college freshman -- try to figure everything out . collin well , he must have find some of the answer ... he honk as he go around a wooden - wheeled cart . pranami temple - probander - interior - day simple . austere . filter light . feature Gandhi -- close . he be look straight ahead . reverse angle . across the emptiness of the temple , ba face he . BA ( a step forward ) " in every worthy wish of yours , I shall be you helpmate . " another angle feature Walker and Collins , who be sit alone , in the cool shadow of the temple , watch with fascination as Gandhi and ba repeat they marriage ceremony for they , Walker jotting note occasionally , but he eye always glue to Gandhi and ba , who be in part lose in memory and echoe of a significance only they can know . gandhi ( a step ) " take a fourth step , that we may be ever full of joy . " Wide shot . show the two of they before the altar of the temple , move closer to each other . BA ( a step ) " I will ever live devote to you , speak word of love and praying for you happiness . " Close shot -- Gandhi . gandhi " take a fifth step , that we may serve the people . " BA " I will follow close behind you and help to serve the people . " feature Walker , now too entrance by the ceremony , by the depth of layer emotion in Gandhi and ba 's voice and eye to take any note ... gandhi " take a sixth step , that we may follow we vow in life . " BA " I will follow you in all we vow and duty . " ba and Gandhi . near to meeting now . gandhi ( a last step ) " take the seventh step , that we may ever live as friend . " ba take the last step , so that they be face to face . a beat . BA " you be my best friend ... my high guru , and my sovereign lord . " for a moment they eye hold -- the many dream , and hope and pain -- the love of many year . Walker watch , he own face taut with emotion . resume Gandhi and ba. and Gandhi slowly lift he hand . gandhi then I put a sweeten wheat cake in she mouth . he touch ba 's lip with he extend finger and she kiss they gently . BA and I put a sweeten wheat cake in he mouth . she have lift she finger to he mouth and he kiss they gently . feature Walker and Collins both touch , the overtly cynical american obviously even more than the likeable englishman . Gandhi turn to they . gandhi and with that we be pronounce man and wife . ( solemnly ) we be both thirteen ... the BAY - porbandar - exterior - dawn a tiny , beautiful city rise steeply out of the Arabian Sea with tall , thick - wall building , half - fortress , half - home , they white wall tinted amber and gold now by the early light of the sun . feature Gandhi , sit on a promontory watch the sunrise in solemn meditation ... he become aware of the sound of footstep and he turn to see Walker approach , a little knapsack over he shoulder . Gandhi smile . Walker come to he side , look out over the bay and city , truly impressed . WALKER it 's beautiful . gandhi even as a boy I think so . Walker look down at he . Gandhi scowl up in the early light . WALKER try to keep track of you be make I change all my sleep habit . Gandhi smile . gandhi and you have come all this way because you think something be go to happen ? WALKER hm . ( then weightedly ) be it ? gandhi perhaps . I have come here to think about it . they both watch the wave beat on the shore a moment , the change hue of the sunrise on the white of porbandar . gandhi ( muse ) do you remember much of South Africa ? WALKER a great deal . gandhi I have travel so far -- and think so much . ( he smile in self - mockery , and turn toward the city . ) as you can see , my city be a sea city -- always fill with hindus and Muslims and sikh and Jews and Persians . ( he look at Walker . ) the temple where you be yesterday be of my family 's sect , the pranami . it be hindu of course but the priest use to read from the Muslim Koran and the hindu gita , move from one to the other as though it matter not at all which book be read as long as God be worshipped . he look out to sea , and we intercut he face with Walker 's , the sea , and the town itself as the sun turn it white . gandhi when I be a boy I use to sing a song in that temple : " a true disciple know another 's woe as he own . he bow to all and despise none ... earthly possession hold he not . " like all boy I say the word , not think of what they mean or how they might be influence I . ( he look at Walker ... then out to the sea again , shaking he head . ) I have travel so far ... and all I have do be come back home . Walker study he as this profound man reach , in he middle year , a profound insight . feature Gandhi stare out to sea , he mind lock in reflection , and suddenly he head lift , he eye become alert , he be catch by some excitement which he weigh for a moment , then he stand , he manner suddenly tingling with optimism . Walker stare at he , then at what Gandhi seem to be look at . his point of view . the wave lap the shore below they . Walker turn back to Gandhi , puzzle . but there be no mistake the sudden glow in Gandhi 's face . WALKER you know what you be go to do . Gandhi look at he , a teasing smile . gandhi it would have be very uncivil of I to let you make such a long trip for nothing . the grin broaden , and then he start briskly down the promontory . Walker scramble up after he . WALKER where be you go ? gull fly over they , squawk in the grow light . Gandhi pause , look up at the gull , then back down to the sea . gandhi I be go back to the ashram ( then firmly ) and then I be go to prove to the new viceroy that the King 's writ no longer run in India ! he turn from the sea to Walker , he eye confident , elate , then he continue on down the promontory . still baffle , Walker glance at the sea , at he , then hurry after . full shot . the wave run against the shore ... lord irwine office - interior - day Close shot -- the viceroy , a " new one , " Lord irwin . irwin Salt ? another angle . he be look in astonishment at he principal secretary . his adc , a general , a brigadier , a senior police officer be with he . like he they hold the same office , but be a new team . principal secretary yes , sir . he be go to march to the sea and make salt . irwin look at he , still try to penetrate the significance of the act . the senior police officer help . senior police officer there be a Royal Monopoly on the manufacture of salt , sir . it 's illegal to make it or sell it without a government license . irwin have listen ; it 's beginning to make a little sense . irwin all right -- he 's break the law . what will he be deprive we of , two rupee of salt tax ? principal secretary it 's not a serious attack on the revenue , sir . its primary importance be symbolic . irwin do not patronize I , Charles . the principal secretary blanch . principal secretary no , sir . I -- in this climate , sir , nothing life without water -- or salt . we absolute control of it be a control on the pulse of India . irwin look at he adc , then pace a bit , ponder it . irwin and that 's the basis of this " declaration of Independence " ? senior police officer yes , sir . the day he set off everyone be suppose to raise the flag of " free India . " then he walk some two hundred and forty mile to the sea and make salt . a moment as irwin consider it , then it be the general who speak . general I say ignore it . let they raise they damn flag , let he make he salt . it 's only symbolic if we choose to make it so . principal secretary ( pointedly ) he 's go to arrive at the sea on the anniversary of the massacre at amritsar . irwin have turn to he . and this make up he mind . irwin General Edgar be right -- ignore it . Mr. Gandhi will find it 's go to take a great deal more than a pinch of salt to bring down the british Empire . he be concerned enough to be angry , but certain enough to be dogmatic . the ashram - exterior - dawn it be very early , the light just beginning to break , and we be look out across the river toward the distant town , and against the pink glow of the sky we can see people in group wading across the river toward the ashram . and suddenly a mass of people , hide by the embankment , appear at the top of the step come up from the river , and the camera lift slightly with they movement and we see that they be but the forerunner of a long tendril of humanity that stretch across the river , all the way back to the distant outskirt of the city . and around the ashram many fire be burn , people be cooking breakfast , some be pack knapsack for the journey , other be strewing the path from the ashram with leave . gandhi be bungalow - interior - dawn quiet , just the buzz of activity from outside the building . Gandhi lie on a mat and ba and mirabehn be massage he with oil as he check page proofs , a oil lamp by he side . Nehru sit cross -legge next to he , take the proofs as Gandhi finish they . Maulana azad sit to one side . behind they desai be make note on Gandhi 's instruction . gandhi ( to Nehru ) ... the real test will come if I be arrest . if there be violence we lose all we moral advantage . this time it must not happen . he look at Nehru and azad solemnly to emphasize the point . Nehru nod ; a little smile . nehru we be not beginner anymore . we have be train by a strict sergeant major . he mean Gandhi of course , and Gandhi accept the reference , but it be the acceptance of the strict sergeant major : " do not fail I . " then he look to azad . gandhi if I be take , Maulana be to lead the march . if he be arrest , Patel , then kripalani , then yourself . Nehru nod . ba move to massage the top of Gandhi 's head . BA you should be relax . Gandhi grin , look at mirabehn , who be massage he leg . gandhi I be sure I be fit for at least five hundred mile . mirabehn you should ride the pony . it be not necessary to walk to prove the point . Gandhi look at Nehru , a benign shrug . gandhi I have two of they boss I now . Nehru smile . he stand , have take the last proof sheet . azad rise with he . nehru we must get this to the printer . ( he look down at Gandhi . ) I know it will succeed . even my mother be prepare to march . Gandhi be pleasurably impressed with that . gandhi and jinnah ? nehru ( a beat ) he 's wait . he 's not prepare to accept it will mean as much as you think . gandhi ( smile confidently ) wait and see ... wait and see ... he lean back and close he eye . ba rub he head soothingly . Nehru bend and squeeze he arm in farewell . Gandhi nod , not open he eye . Nehru and azad smile at ba and leave . the ashram - later - exterior - day the sun higher , but still early light . a green , white and saffron flag ( the color of India ) be pull up a uneven pole . the sound of gentle clap . Gandhi be off to one side , just in front of the veranda of he bungalow , not pay attention to the ceremony . ba and mirabehn watch from the veranda as pyarelal ( desai 's new assistant ) , with a knapsack over he own shoulder , hand Gandhi he . as Gandhi slip it on , the ashramite boy whom we see with the goat hand he a long staff . and Gandhi move around the edge of the bungalow , head toward the entrance of the ashram . a long line of ashramite and marcher stretch from opposite the flagpole to the entrance of the ashram . as Gandhi walk briskly along it , they turn , ready to follow he . when he near the entrance Gandhi see Walker stand in front of a collection of newsmen , cameramen , a newsreel crew . he begin to smile , Walker return it . Gandhi pause by he . gandhi ( of the press ) you have do I a great service . WALKER ( a grin , then a play on Gandhi 's word to he ) it would have be uncivil of I to have let you make such a long trip for nothing . Gandhi smile . he turn back toward he bungalow . ba and mirabehn stand there watch , desai with they . Gandhi hold they gaze a second , then turn and start forward . pyarelal take up a position next to he , the marcher follow . feature Walker . he step back , let Gandhi proceed into the range of the camera on he own . the crowd around the entrance throw flower in Gandhi 's path , some call out , " Long live mahatma Gandhi ! " Gandhi pass the cameramen and start along the trail . the path to gandhi be ashram - exterior - day a thin crowd here , but go all along the path . to one side we see two police car draw up , and several policeman ( a british officer , a british sergeant , and four indian constable ) line up near they . as Gandhi near they Walker move up beside he . some of the newspaper cameramen trot behind to get the picture of Gandhi 's arrest . among the newsmen we see Collins . feature Gandhi and Walker , pyarelal just behind they all glance ahead at the police , who be now quite near . WALKER be it over if they arrest you now ? gandhi not if they arrest I -- or a thousand -- or ten thousand . ( he look at Walker . ) it be not only general who know how to plan campaign . Walker smile -- a little uneasily -- for they be now near the police . Gandhi nod to they amiably as he pass along in front of they . Walker be turn , watch for a move from the police but begin to grasp that there may be none . he hurry along closer to Gandhi again , one eye still on the police . WALKER what if they do not arrest you ? what if they do not react at all ? Gandhi glance at he . Walker too wear a knapsack . Gandhi nod to it , though never break he pace . gandhi do you still have you notebook ? ( Walker fumble for it ; Gandhi go right on talk . ) the function of a civil resister be to provoke response . and we will continue to provoke until they respond , or they change the law . they be not in control -- we be . that be the strength of civil resistance . he nod politely toward the british police officer at the end of the police line . Walker stop , let the procession march on by he , look at the british police officer , then write busily in he notebook . Collins stop by he . collin what would he say ? WALKER ( wryly ) he say he 's in charge ... a indian village - exterior - day a dusty approach to a dusty little village . both side of the track be line with peasant hold flower petal and leave , all gaze expectantly down the road . behind they the village be strung with the green , white and saffron color of Independence . two large policeman stand arms-akimbo at the front of they all , they posture impose and threaten , though the impression be somewhat weaken by the child skirt around they . a little band of drummer and flute player suddenly begin to play . the crowd start to jump up to see , and the flower petal begin to float in the sky . " Gandhi ! Long live mahatma Gandhi ! " another angle . Gandhi and the procession of marcher and ashramite stride down the dusty road toward they . a newsreel truck and crew ride along about two - third of the way back . a car of cameramen and reporter tail at the end . feature Gandhi . he look at Walker , walk along a few pace behind he , at the side of the procession . he be wiping sweat from he face . gandhi be you go to walk all the way ? WALKER ( a weary grin ) my name be walk -er . and I intend to report it the way it be . Gandhi smile and turn back . he shake he head . gandhi ( to himself ) " my name be walk -er " ... and grin at it , he pass by the policeman and into the cheer of the crowd . Long shot , high . as the procession trail into the village , we see several villager , knapsack or bundle strung over they shoulder , run around the police and join the end of the procession . field by the road - exterior - night in the dark a large group of student come stumbling , laugh , across the ditch that separate the road from the field . the student leader get clear of the ditch and come upon pyarelal and Walker . they be stand near a group of american newsmen play poker by a campfire . he address pyarelal good - naturedly . student leader we have come to join the march . what do we do ? pyarelal ( bluntly ) be sure you be awake in the morning . ( it come from a knowledge of student . he smile and nod off . ) find a place to sleep . the student leader follow he gaze and the camera pan off with he glance . we see that the number have grow immensely . fire dot the field and spread and spread and spread . behind Walker and pyarelal the newsreel truck and three car for reporter be spread out around the fire . we identify a couple of frenchmen and a japanese . Walker look at pyarelal and shake he head in wonder at it all . tree - exterior - dawn a small indian boy be high in a dead tree . below he a couple of bone - thin cattle graze in the early light as he stare off . dusty road - boy' point of view - exterior - dawn the huge procession stretch out along the road . resume the boy . he grin as though he be privy to some great secret . " y " junction of two country road - exterior - day a blunt , rotund , powerful - look woman ( sarojini naidu ) in a outrageously colorful sari stride along the dusty road as though she could cover another thousand mile -- and mean to . the sound of hundred of march foot , of car , some distant sing . the camera lift and pull back . we see that naidu be march just behind Gandhi , like a determine lieutenant , and that the procession have grow even great . two newsreel truck now , four car of reporter , some people riding donkey , some walk with camel trail , load with belonging . and at the " y " junction the newsreel crew suddenly go into action because another enormous procession be wait to join the first , mingling already , make one immense column of humanity . and as they pass the camera up close we see a extraordinary variety of participant : old , young , student , peasant , lady in saris and jewel , Muslims , hindus , sikh , Christian nun , untouchable , merchant , some vigorous and determine , other dishevel , tired and determine . suddenly the sound of wave and gentle wind . the beach at dandi - exterior - day the camera close fast ( helicopter ) as the silhouette of a man appear run up a sand dune , lift he arm to the sky and the camera sweep over he and up , revealing a crescent of beach and ocean , and for a second it hold on the sea as it do at porbandar , then pivot to the truly astronomical crowd thronging the shore , a immense wheel of human being , and in its hub a gather around Gandhi . we descend on that center , recognize the newsmen , Walker , pyarelal , sarojini naidu , and at last Gandhi pick up a handful of natural salt and lift it high . during the last of this gandhi be voice -over man need salt as he need air and water . this salt come from the indian Ocean . ( the salt crystal be add to a urn already partially full . the camera pull back and Gandhi lift the urn . all around he the press crowd : newsreel cameramen , reporter -- Walker , Collins , naidu , pyarelal . firmly ) let every indian claim it as he right !! a wide - angle shot . Gandhi in the center of the wildly cheer crowd , the camera pull back and back ... and the shot become black and white , and we hear the music of movietone News . announcer's voice -over ... and so once more the man of non - violence have challenge the might of the british Empire . and with that we get the movietone Music tag and as the film fade , the light go up on lord irwine office - interior - day a couple of civil servant move about to raise the window shade while Lord irwin stare at the blank screen set up in he office . the general , the brigadier , the senior police officer , irwin 's adc and the principal secretary be all present . the two man who run the projector be quietly dismantle it . finally , irwin turn to the senior police officer , who fidget , but answer the imply question . senior police officer they be make it everywhere , sir -- mob of they -- publicly . Congress leader be sell it on the street of Delhi . irwin sigh . brigadier we be be make fool of around the world ! general be not there any instruction from London ? irwin nod . irwin we be require to stop it . ( he stand , he mind make up . ) and stop it we will . ( he look at the senior police officer . ) I do not care if we fill the jail , stop it . arrest anyone , any rank -- except Gandhi . we will cut he strength from under he . and then we will deal with the mahatma . for the first time he be truly angry . wall by a beach - exterior - day a young british subaltern trot up to the wall and look down . his face fall . british subaltern oh , my God ! the beach . subaltern 's point of view . pack with people make salt , sell salt , buy salt . resume the british subaltern . he look back . his point of view . behind he there be a open military truck and about twenty sepoys . formidable for a ordinary crowd , nothing to handle this . the subaltern stiffen bravely and signal the man somewhat unconvincingly from the truck . subaltern right -- jump to it -- clear this beach ! SMALL warehouse - interior - day Men , woman and child be make little paper packet of salt from pile heape along long table . a group of policeman barge into the room , knock table and salt and paper in every direction with they lathis , seize some of the volunteer for arrest . in the chaos a old man calmly pick up a piece of paper from the floor , a handful of salt , and fold another packet . wide CITY STREET - exterior - day Nehru be on the back of a big open truck that be stationary in the street . the truck be load with box that contain salt packet and Nehru and eight or nine other be sell they to people who flock about the truck . the sound of horse . Nehru lift he head . mounted indian police be come down either side of the street , a wave of foot police run forward down the center . some of the people run , other deliberately stand fast . the mount police converge on the truck . Nehru be grab , and hurl so that he half fall , half leap to the street . one of the man with he be knock along the ground by a policeman . he be young and vigorous and he swivel on the ground as though to strike back . Nehru lunge toward he . nehru no violence , Zia ! and a lathi be bring smash across the side of Nehru 's head . he be knock to he knee ; blood stream from he head . he feel the side of he head , the blood soaking he hand . he struggle to he foot , face the policeman who have strike he . nehru ( repeat quietly , as though to Zia ) ... no violence . it stop the policeman for a second , and a sergeant suddenly intrude , recognize Nehru . sergeant you be Nehru -- nehru I be a illegal trader in salt . the sergeant sigh grimly . lord irwine office - interior - night the desk light be on . irwin , the senior police officer , the principal secretary . tension , fatigue , frustration as the senior police officer outline the situation . senior police officer ... there 's be no time to keep figure , but there must be ninety -- a hundred thousand under arrest . ( grimly , incredibly ) and it still go on . irwin ( impatiently ) who 's lead they ? senior police officer I do not know ! Nehru , Patel , almost every Congress official be in jail ... and they wife and they child -- we have even arrest Nehru 's mother . principal secretary ( shrewdly ) have there be any violence ? senior police officer ( distract , offhand ) oh , in Karachi the police fire on a crowd and kill a couple of people and -- ( and this hurt ) and in peshawar the deputy Police commissioner lose he head and ... and open fire with a machine gun . ( he look up at they quickly , defensively . ) but he 's face a disciplinary court ! you can not expect thing like that not to happen when -- irwin ( dryly ) I believe the question be intend to discover if there be any violence of they side . the senior police officer look up , realize he gaffe and wish desperately he could relive the last couple of minute . senior police officer oh , no , sir -- no , I be afraid not . principal secretary ( again the machiavellian mind ) perhaps if we arrest Gandhi , it might -- he mean incite violence . the viceroy ponder it -- favorably . irwin ( to senior police officer ) he 's address this letter directly to you , have he ? senior police officer yes , sir , he have . the usual -- India 's salt belong to India -- but then he say flatly that he personally be go to lead a raid tomorrow on the dharasana Salt Works . irwin ( calmly ) thank he for he letter , and put he in jail . the senior police officer be bring up by the chill directness of it . he look at irwin and the principal secretary for a moment in uncertainty . then senior police officer yes , sir . yes , sir . it will be my pleasure . as he turn to leave irwin speak -- almost offhandedly . irwin and field , keep that salt work open . the senior police officer stare at he , then senior police officer ( delighted ) yes , sir ! dharasana salt work - exterior - day barb wire stretch on either side of the stockade- like entrance . above the gate we see the sign dharasana salt work . before it six british police officer and two indian police officer command a large troop of indian policeman . they face they opposition , unmove , tense . the camera pan from they , across a sloping dip in the ground , to a huge group of volunteer lining up to face the police as tautly as the police face they . Walker be off to one side , climb to stand in the back of collin 's car . he watch , look tensely from one group to the other , almost terrify by what seem about to happen . Collins lean against the back of the car near he , watch with a equally appal expectancy . there be two other reporter near they . from Walker 's point of view . we see mirabehn and some indian woman quietly place stretcher and table of bandage near a group of tent where the volunteer have be house . Walker turn back to the two oppose group at the Salt Works entrance . we hear only a shuffle of foot , the clank of a lathi against a metal police buckle . the air itself seem breathless with tension . feature azad . he have approach the chief police officer . he stop before he politely . azad I would like admission to the Works . chief police officer ( equally politely ) I be sorry , sir . that can not be allow . azad look at he a second , then glance at the troops . he be clearly afraid , but there be a air of tragic inevitability in he face . he move back to address the volunteer . azad last night they take gandhiji from we . they expect we to lose heart or to fight back . we will not lose heart , we will not fight back . in he name we will be beat . as he have teach we , we will not raise a hand . " Long live mahatma Gandhi ! " he turn and start down the dip toward the gate and the wait lathis of the police . a series of shot , as azad lead the first row of volunteer down and up the dip . we intercut Walker , freeze , watch the inevitable onslaught , the british police commanding officer ready to give the first order . police commanding officer ( finally ) now ! and with the volunteer a foot from they , the police strike with they lathis . a groan of empathic anguish from the wait volunteer , but then we get a series of shot as the next row move forward and the horror of the one -side mayhem proceed head be crack , face split , rib smashed , and yet one row of volunteer follow another , and another into the unrelent police , who knock bleed body out of the way , down into the dip , swing till sweat pour from they face and body . and through it we intercut with mirabehn and the indian woman rescue the wounded , carry they on stretcher to be bandage . we see Walker help once or twice , turn , watch , tear between be a professional spectator and a normal human be . and always the volunteer come , never stop , never offer resistance . and finally on sound there be a insistent click , click , click , like a thud of the lathis but become clearly the slap of a impatient hand on a telephone cradle and out of the carnage of the salt work we dissolve to a SMALL indian store - interior - twilight Close shot -- a telephone cradle be pound . Walker be at the phone at a table in the corner of the small , cluttere store . his clothes be matte with blood and dirt . WALKER ( into the phone ) hello ! ed! ed! goddammit , do not cut I off ! ( then suddenly he 's through . ) ed! okay -- yeah -- right . and he continue urgently read the story that lie on he note on the little stand before he . WALKER " they walk , with head up , without music , or cheer , or any hope of escape from injury or death . " ( his voice be taut , harshly professional . ) " it go on and on and on . woman carry the wounded body from the ditch until they drop from exhaustion . but still it go on . " he shift the mangle note and come to he last paragraph . he speak it try only half successfully to keep the emotion from he voice . WALKER " whatever moral ascendance the West hold be lose today . India be free for she have take all that steel and cruelty can give , and she have neither cringe nor retreat . " ( on Walker close . his sweat , blood and dirt-stain face near tear . ) " in the word of he follower , ' Long live mahatma Gandhi . ' " lord irwine office - interior - day silence . the camera move across the empty room and discover irwin , stand by himself , look out of the window down into the street . closer . his numb , motionless face be stir to consciousness by something outside . he focus somberly on it . rajpath and vice - regal palace - irwine point of view - exterior - day through the formal entrance come a single black car . a motorcycle policeman precede it . vice -regal palace - exterior - day the black car pull up before the front of the palace and stop . there be no sign of activity . it be as though the building and grounds be desert except for irwin alone in he office . Gandhi get out of the car . he too be alone . in he dhoti and shawl he start to mount the grand stair . Wide angle . the great palace , the magnificent entrance , and the little man in the dhoti , who in a sense have conquer it all , march to the great door . two gurkhas spring to attention and the door be swing open . lord irwine office - interior - day the principal secretary , with a look of faint distaste for someone out of shot , discreetly move out of the door , and close they behind he . feature Gandhi , just inside the door . he be look across the wide office . gandhi I be aware that I must have give you much cause for irritation , you excellency . I hope it will not stand between we as man . reverse angle . irwin be in shadow behind he desk look , still , in some kind of shock , stare at Gandhi . irwin Mr. Gandhi , I have instruction to request you attendance at a all- government Conference in London to discuss -- to discuss the possible Independence of India . he face Gandhi stiffly . the whirr of a camera , and a swift cut to a succession of black -and -white " newsreel " sequence of gandhi' visit to england and the all-government conference . Wide screen , but slightly under - cranke with the bad cut and predictable music of the old newsreel . A. Gandhi , mirabehn and Gandhi 's secretary , desai , wave goodbye from the boat deck of they ship as it sail -- mirabehn be hold the tether of a goat -- all of they smile at the camera like voyager everywhere . B. Gandhi on the step of kingsley Hall in the East end of London be greet by a cheer crowd . mirabehn hold a umbrella over he as he take a bouquet from a little child . the now gray-haire Charlie andrew beam possessively at he side . c. Gandhi , in he dhoti , wave to a small crowd as he enter the gate of Buckingham Palace . a London bobby watch . D. Gandhi , take he seat at the conference table among the formally -- in some maharajahs ' case , elaborately -- dress delegate . a gavel be strike and ramsay macdonald begin he open address . macdonald I think we first duty be to recognize that there be not one India , but several : a hindu India , a Muslim India , and India of princely States . and all this must be respected -- and care for -- not just one . beneath its unctuous political veneer it be blatantly divisive and clearly reveal the true intent of the Conference . as Gandhi look at macdonald , we read on he face he perception of the sad truth . E. Gandhi , mirabehn and Charlie walk under a umbrella in the rain , they head bent in glum conversation . f. Gandhi be welcome and kiss by a group of millworker outside a large mill entrance identify by the sign greenfield cotton mill , lancashire . he be hugge and squeeze by some hefty female millworker , all grin happily , Gandhi not least . G. Gandhi in a radio studio , seat at a table , a large microphone label " CBS " before he , technician and mirabehn in the glass booth behind he , Walker across the table from he , the " on the Air " sign bright ... gandhi ( to Walker ) do I speak into that ? Walker cringe , glance at the light " on the Air " sign . he signal " yes " frantically . gandhi be they ready ? do I start ? he glance at the booth . everybody include Walker and mirabehn be nodd " yes . " Gandhi shrug , grin at everyone 's excitement , and begin . gandhi I be glad to speak to America where so many friend exist that I know only in my heart . as the speech continue in the thin , static -y tone of thirty ' radio , we see mirabehn and the technician listen in the control room . / Walker , across the table from gandhi. / the outside of Broadcasting House . / the Empire State Building and Manhattan . / a mid-western farmhouse . / a thirty ' radio set in a thirty ' american live room . / a family , listen , kid play on the floor , half ignore it , the mother irone , the father in a armchair , a newspaper open . gandhi' voice ( continue over all ) I think you interest and the world 's have fall on India , not only because we be struggle for freedom , but because the way we be do so be unique as far as history show we . here in Europe mighty nation be , it seem , already contemplate another war , though I think they , and all the world , be sick to death of bloodspill . all of we be seek a way out , and I flatter myself that perhaps the ancient land of India will offer such a way . if we be to make progress we must not repeat history , but make history . and I myself will die before I betray we belief that love be a stronger weapon than hate . H. Gandhi shaking hand with macdonald outside no. 10 down Street , macdonald smile the politician 's smile , Gandhi smile rather sadly . i. Gandhi on the deck of a boat , sit on a deck chair , wrap in blanket , stare somberly out to sea . reverse angle : the wake of the boat in the vast ocean . the ashram - exterior - day the gentle sound of the country . a girl of twelve lead a limping goat slowly across the grass . she pause and look up questioningly . reverse angle -- close . Gandhi be watch from the porch of he bungalow . we can tell he be sit and turn to watch the goat , but we see only he and a portion of the bungalow behind he . gandhi it be only a sprain . take she to the river , and we will make a mud-pack for she . go -- I will not be long . he turn back . another angle . he be spin ( expertly ) , and gather on the porch with he be Nehru and jinnah and Patel and azad and kripalani . desai and pyarelal be inconspicuously in attendance as always , pyarelal now clearly share desai 's role as secretary . jinnah so the truth be , after all you travel , all you effort , they have stop the campaign and send you home empty-hand . he be in he white suit , the black -ribbone pince - nez . he sit on a wicker chair , Nehru and Patel lean against the railing , azad and kripalani sit on the floor like Gandhi . gandhi they be only cling to old dream ( look up from he spin to jinnah ) and try to split we in the old way . but the will have go -- Independence will drop like a ripe apple . the only question be when ( another glance at jinnah ) and how . nehru I say when be now -- and we will determine how . jinnah precisely . Gandhi wind up what he have do , and start to rise . gandhi they be prepare for war . I will not support it , but I do not intend to take advantage of they danger . patel ( blithely , but to the point ) that 's when you take advantage . Gandhi have move toward the step . he stop and look at Patel . a wry , gentle smile . gandhi no . that be just another way of strike back . we have come a long way together with the british . when they leave we want to see they off as friend . ( he start down the step and head for the river . ) and now , if you will excuse I , there be something I must attend to . feature Nehru . he look at jinnah and shrug . jinnah take it less philosophically and he eye burn with anger as he watch Gandhi head for the young girl with the injure goat . nehru ( resignedly ) " mud pack . " train station . interior . dusk . Gandhi be move with the stream of passenger disembark from the third class section . ba and mirabehn be struggle along behind he , desai and pyarelal complete the little group . they pass a newspaper stand : " Hitler 's army sweep on . " as they move out into the flux of the station we see many uniform , the sense of a nation readying for war . a british captain stand before a full platoon of indian troops . as Gandhi approach , a british Lt. Colonel and he adjutant ( a Captain ) move out from one side of the troops . british colonel Mr. Gandhi -- sir . Gandhi stop , look up at he , at the troops behind he . british colonel I have instruction to inquire as to the subject of you speech tonight . Gandhi shake he head with a weary grin . gandhi the value of goat 's milk in daily diet . ( into he eye ) but you can be sure I will also speak against war . the british Colonel signal back to the troops . british colonel I be sorry , sir . that can not be allow . as a detail march up to they , the colonel 's adjutant speak gently to ba . adjutant it 's all right , Mrs. Gandhi . I have order to return with you and you companion to the mahatma 's ashram . BA if you take my husband , I intend to speak in he place . she stare at the adjutant belligerently . he look flummox . later . Long shot -- high . the colonel and he adjutant stride toward the exit of the station . follow behind they , a detail of six soldier accompany Gandhi . the camera track across the platform and we see they be be follow by a detail of six soldier accompany ba . and the camera track again and we see they be be follow by a detail of six soldier accompany mirabehn ! winding bumpy road - exterior - day a jeep bounce along the road . it be drive by a american lieutenant and he passenger be a woman dress in a american War correspondent 's uniform ( Margaret bourke - White ) . as the jeep pass the camera we pan with it and see the wall of a palace ahead . bourke - white stop ! wait a minute ! the jeep slither to a stop , and bourke - White grab a camera that be strapped around she , stand , and take a picture of the palace . aga khan's palace - bourke - white's point of view - exterior - day the palace look evocative -- a lonely , incongruous building . winding bumpy road - exterior - day lieutenant it be the aga Khan 's palace , but they have turn it into a prison . bourke - White slip back down into she seat ; we see the arm band on she jacket : " Press . " the lieutenant start the jeep up and they head toward the gate , where we see a british soldier on guard . lieutenant ( shouting over the motor ) they have get most of the lead Congress politician in this one . but Nehru and some other be over in dehra dun . you timing 's pretty lucky . they have you Mr. Gandhi cut off from the press but last month he personal secretary die and they have let up on the restriction . bourke - White just absorb it , stare at the palace , take in the experience with the appetite of she breed , and she own particular sensitivity . gandhi be room - aga khan's palace - interior - day Gandhi sit by the window that be grill rather than bar . he be spin in a shaft of light -- and look off -- as we hear a camera click and the rustle of movement . his hair , only half - gray in London , be now white . gandhi yes , I have hear of life Magazine . ( a smile . ) I have even hear of Margaret bourke - White . but I do not know why either should be interested in a old man sit in prison when the world be blow itself to piece . bourke - White -- who have be move , crouching to shoot he and the light -- sag back against the wall , relax at last . she have a smile as penetrate and warming as he . bourke - white ( a beat -- and she smile ) you be the only man I know who make he own clothes . Gandhi grin and glance toward he dhoti . gandhi ah , but for I that 's not much of a accomplishment . meaning he do not wear many clothes . bourke - White burst into a appreciative radiance -- already she have assess he , and be win . wall and yard - aga khan's palace - exterior - day Gandhi walk along , bourke - White lope along beside he , a little distance away , listen , but search too for a angle , a moment that be right . gandhi no -- prison be rather agreeable to I , and there be no doubt that after the war , independence will come . my only worry be what shape it will take . jinnah have -- bourke -white stop ! she have Gandhi in the foreground , a soldier on the wall above and behind he . bourke - white now go on -- just as you be . Gandhi shrug but suffer it . we feature he , low , from she point of view , as he walk on , the soldier pace on the wall in the background . bourke - white ( coach ) " ... what shape it will take . " jinnah have -- what ? gandhi ( at first disconcert , but then flow ) jinnah have -- have cooperate with the british . it have give he power and the freedom to speak , and he have fill the Muslims with fear of what will happen to they in a country that be predominantly hindu . ( he stop , lowering he head gravely . ) that I find hard to bear -- even in prison . she click . walled garden in the palace - exterior - day a spin wheel work rapidly . the camera lift . Gandhi be at the wheel and he be smile off at bourke - White , who be try ineptly to imitate he on another spin wheel . the garden they be in have go to seed a bit , but with lattice fretwork in the wall dapple sunlight on the grass and shrub it be still beautiful . bourke - white ( archly , but emphatically of the spin ) I do not see it as the solution of the twentieth century 's problem ! she 's grin at she own frustration and she keep try , but there 's no doubt she mean it . Gandhi 's smile broaden . wryly he lift he own " product " -- a tiny roll of thread . gandhi I have a friend who keep tell I how much it cost he to keep I in poverty . and they both laugh ... a guard on the wall distantly look at they wonderingly . gandhi ( a bit more seriously ) but I know happiness do not come with thing -- even twentieth century thing . it can come from work , and pride in what you do . ( he look at she steadily . ) it will not necessarily be " progress " for India if she simply import the unhappiness of the West . and she respond to the sophistication of that observation . he pivot around , move beside she , and slowly demonstrate the process , take she hand , guide she . bourke - White watch he as much as the wheel . bourke -white but do you really believe you could use non-violence against someone like Hitler ? gandhi ( a thoughtful pause ) not without defeat -- and great pain . ( he look at she . ) but be there no defeat in this war -- no pain ? ( for a moment the think hang , and then Gandhi take they hand back to the spin . ) what you can not do be accept injustice . from Hitler -- or anyone . you must make the injustice visible -- be prepare to die like a soldier to do so . and he smile a little wisely at she . bourke -white be my finger suppose to be wrap around that ? gandhi ( laugh ) no . that be what you get for distracting I . bourke -white what do you expect when you talk like that ? gandhi ( try to unravel the mess ) I expect you to show as much patience as I be now . his tone be not altogether patient . she look at he in surprise and he sigh tolerantly . then reflectively gandhi every enemy be a human be -- even the worst of they . and he believe he be right and you be a beast . ( and now a little smile . ) and if you beat he over the head you will only convince he . but you suffer , to show he that he be wrong , you sacrifice create a atmosphere of understanding -- if not with he , then in the heart of the rest of the community on whom he depend . bourke - White look at he and there be enough sense in this argument to give she pause . gandhi if you be right , you will win -- after much pain . ( he look at she , then smile in he own ironic way . ) if you be wrong , well , then , only you will suffer the blow . she stare at he , and we know she think he much more profound than she have think initially . BA and mirabehn be room - aga khan's palace - interior - night ba , mirabehn and bourke - White sit on straw mat around the room , a oil lamp be the only light . it be woman 's talk , but ba be defend she husband , speak simply , but with total conviction . BA ... not at all . bapu have always say there be two kind of slavery in India -- one for woman , one for the untouchable -- and he have always fight against both . bourke - White accept it at face value . she open another line of inquiry . bourke -white do it rankle , be separate from he this way ? ba pause . BA yes ... but we see each other in the day . bourke -white ( delicately ) but not at night ... she 's terribly curious , but she do not want to offend . ba see both the curiosity and the hesitancy . she smile across at mirabehn , then BA in hindu philosophy the way to God be to free yourself of possession -- and the passion that inflame to anger and jealousy . ( a smile . ) bapu have always struggle to find the way to God . bourke -white you mean he -- he give up -- ( how to phrase it , finally ) marry life . again ba smile . BA four time he try -- and fail . ( mirabehn and bourke - White grin . the older woman give a wistful smile . ) but then he take a solemn vow ... she shrug ... the implication be it be a long time ago . bourke -white and he have never break it ? BA ( a beat ) not yet . she look at they soberly and then they all burst into laughter like girl . aga khan's palace - exterior - twilight military move quietly but urgently in and out around the main entrance . two military ambulance be draw up nearby . a british major come down the step quickly . he be almost at the bottom when a british army doctor start to go up they . the major signal he to one side . they talk quietly and confidentially . major I have get permission to move she -- he can go too . the doctor shake he head . doctor she 's have a coronary throm -- a serious heart failure . she would not survive a trip . it 's best to leave she -- and hope . the major look defeat and depressed by the news . ba' room - interior - twilight ba lie on a mat , a pillow beneath she head , she eye close , she breathe short . mirabehn sit next to she , rub a hand up and down she arm . Gandhi sit a little distance away , stare at the floor and into nothingness . pyarelal sit inconspicuously behind he . azad and Patel come to the doorway , Patel make the pranam toward ba and hold it as he obviously pray . azad have bow he head and he too be clearly make some prayer for she . finally azad take just a step forward . Gandhi look up at he . for a moment he fold he hand absently , then he stand . he move to ba 's side and kneel . she do not open she eye . gandhi it be time for my walk -- I will not be long . ba 's eye flutter open . she hold she hand out to he and he take it . when he go to release it , she clutches it . Gandhi hesitates , and then he sit , hold ba 's hand in he lap . he look across at mirabehn and nod for she to go . mirabehn smile weakly , give ba a last little rub of farewell and stand . the doorway . Patel stand , let mirabehn pass before he and do down the corridor with azad . he look back . his point of view . Gandhi sit , hold ba 's hand , he eye once more on the floor in they empty stare . another angle -- later . the light have change . a fly move along a small section of the floor that still contain a ribbon of the die sunlight . Gandhi still sit , hold ba 's hand , stare into nothingness . the doctor appear in the doorway . he pause , nod amiably to Gandhi , though Gandhi do not react to he presence at all . move quietly , the doctor go to the other side of ba and crouch , and lift she wrist to feel she pulse . he hold it for a moment , then lift he eye in doubt and sudden fateful apprehension . he glance at she , then slowly lower she arm and put the branch of he stethoscope in he ear . he put the acoustic bell over she heart ... a moment , and he lift it slowly , he face confirm for we what he and we already know : there be no heartbeat . he glance at pyarelal , who only lower he eye . the doctor turn he head slowly to Gandhi . Gandhi . his point of view . his posture be utterly unchange , ba 's hand still in he lap , he eye still stare emptily at the floor in front of he , but suddenly tear begin to run down he cheek . he do not move , there be no change in he empty stare , but the tear continue to flow . SMALL courtyard of the palace - exterior - day the funeral pyre burn , its work almost do . mirabehn , Patel , azad , pyarelal , stand with other prisoner and the military warden in solemn obeisance to the dead -- and the live , for Gandhi sit a little distance from the pyre , wrap in he shawl , stare at the die ember in tragic and impenetrable isolation as though he may never move again . Close shot -- mirabehn watch he she face wet with tear . DELHI airport - exterior - day extreme close shot . a piece of cloth , shimmer in a stiff breeze ... for a moment we hold it in silence and then we hear the sound of a aircraft grow louder and louder . and slowly the camera pull back and we see that the cloth be part of a pennant of the nose of a aircraft . we cut from the pennant to see the aircraft stop before a reception area , a carpet roll out toward its door . a indian regimental band strike up martial music . a detachment of indian Royal Air Force come to attention at the shout command of they nco . feature the aircraft door . a elaborately dress military aide open the door and Lord Louis mountbatten , resplendent in naval uniform , step out onto the platform . he pause and render a salute . on a bannered platform Nehru , Lady mountbatten and dignitary . English and Indians watch as mountbatten approach a group of microphone identify as NBC , CBS , BBC , etc . mountbatten we have come to crown victory with friendship -- to assist at the birth of a independent India and to welcome she as a equal member in the british commonwealth of Nations . ( a little smile . ) I be here to see that I be the last british viceroy ever to have the honor of such a reception . he grin in he youthful , beguile manner and make the pranam to the cheer crowd . it be cut off by the sound of a door be open , close . the great portico - vice - regal palace - exterior - day jinnah stand by one of the great pillar of the immense portico . it be a break in they Independence Conference , and as he light a cigarette , a weary Gandhi approach he with azad . jinnah 's anger be clearly too deep to be leave at the conference table . he slap he lighter shut and address Gandhi in hushed but fiercely feel word . jinnah I do not give a damn for the independence of India ! I be concerned about the slavery of Muslims ! Nehru and Patel be approach from the conference room , both of they look wear and angry too . jinnah raise he voice deliberately so Nehru will hear . jinnah I will not sit by to see the mastery of the british replace by the mastery of the hindus ! gandhi ( patiently , not yet believe it can not be settle ) Muslim and hindu be the right and leave eye of India . no one will be slave , no one master . jinnah sneer at the idea , though he cool a little . jinnah the world be not make of mahatma gandhis . ( he look at Nehru and Patel . ) I be talk about the real world . nehru the " real India " have Muslims and hindus in every village and every city ! how do you propose to separate they ? jinnah where there be a Muslim majority -- that will be Pakistan . the rest be you India . patel ( a force patience ) Mohammed -- the Muslims be in a majority on two different side of the country . jinnah ( acidly ) let we worry about Pakistan -- you worry about India . Gandhi be stare at jinnah try to fathom the source of he anger and fear . he turn to see that mountbatten have be stand in the open door to the conference room , as tear as Gandhi by the conflict , feel it best control in formal discussion . mountbatten gentlemen , perhaps we should recommence . Gandhi nod , and reluctantly the adversary move back to the conference room . Gandhi be last through the door . he pause by mountbatten , a little sigh -- " how difficult , how difficult " -- then he put a friendly hand on mountbatten 's shoulder and the two of they enter together . gandhi be ashram - exterior - day feature godse wave a black flag and shouting . godse ( with other ) death to jinnah ! death to jinnah ! we have pull back and we see a whole gather of hindu youth near the entrance to the ashram . many wave black flag . a couple of truck that have bring they , and a car , be along the path . kallenbach be step out of a old 1942 open Austin that he have put in a wait position near the entrance to the path . the chant shout " death to jinnah ! " suddenly die . the youth -- and kallenbach -- look back toward the ashram . feature Gandhi 's bungalow . Nehru have step out onto the porch and he glare at the youth . it be he presence that have silence they . kallenbach smile . gandhi be bungalow - interior - day Gandhi be rise from the floor , where he spin wheel sit . he stop , halfway up , listen , then , a weary sigh . gandhi thank God , they have stop . mirabehn be spin across the room . she lift she head as a signal to someone out of shot . Gandhi 's two grand niece , manu and abha , who help mirabehn now that ba be go , rise quickly at mirabehn 's signal , manu to help with he shawl , abha to hold he sandal so that he can slip into they . gandhi I be you grand uncle but I can still walk either of you into the ground and I do not need to be pampere this way ! it 's cross -- he 's worried about other thing . mirabehn just smile at it . Gandhi look down at abha , and tap she sharply on the top of the head . gandhi finish you quota of spin . she nod obediently , the flicker of a smile around she mouth , youthful , irrepressible . the beauty of it almost sadden Gandhi . he tap she again -- gently -- and go out . gandhi be ashram - exterior - day kallenbach shoos a chicken from the back seat of the Austin and dust off the seat . he step back out . Gandhi be approach with Nehru and azad , pyarelal trail close behind . we have see azad and pyarelal come out on the porch behind Nehru . as Gandhi near the car a hindu youth with a black flag call to he . hindu youth bapu -- please . do not do it ! they be all awed , timid even in he actual presence , and the mood of they gather have change altogether . Gandhi look at the youth and the line of other . gandhi ( impatiently ) what do you want I not to do ? not to meet with Mr. jinnah ? ( fiercely ) I be a Muslim ! ( he stare at they , then relent . ) and a hindu , and a Christian and a Jew -- and so be all of you . when you wave that flag and shout you send fear into the heart of you brother . he sweep they sternly with he eye , all he fatigue and strain show . gandhi this be not the India I want . stop it . for God 's sake , stop it . and he lower he head and move on to the car , where kallenbach hold the door for he , Nehru , azad and pyarelal follow . another angle . as they get into the car , we see the car that sit by the two truck that have bring the youth . in the back seat we see two man , one of whom be prakash ( the bearded man at Gandhi 's assassination ) . jinnah' drawing room - interior - night jinnah be on the small balcony of this elaborate room . he be look down in a slightly supercilious manner . as usual he be impeccably dress . jinnah now , please , if you have finish you prayer , could we begin with business . he have be look at Gandhi , who sit on the floor of the large room some distance from he , just lift he head from prayer . Nehru , Patel and azad be on the same side of the room as Gandhi . they rise from prayer as jinnah come down the step to they . Gandhi hesitates , then begin . gandhi my dear jinnah , you and I be brother bear of the same mother India . if you have fear , I want to put they to rest . ( jinnah listen impatiently , skeptically . Gandhi just glance in Nehru 's direction . ) I be ask panditji to stand down . I want you to be the first Prime Minister of India ( jinnah raise a eyebrow of interest . ) -- to name you entire cabinet , to make the head of every government department a Muslim . and jinnah have draw himself up . his vanity be too great not to be touch by that prospect . he measure Gandhi for a moment to see that he be sincere , and when he be satisfied with that , he turn slowly to Nehru , Patel and azad . Nehru glance at Patel . they have all be take by surprise by the offer -- and do not feel what Gandhi feel . Nehru look hesitantly at Gandhi . nehru bapu , for I , and the rest , ( he hand gesture to Patel and azad ) if that be what you want , we will accept it . but out there ( he indicate the street ) already there be rioting because hindus fear you be go to give too much away . patel if you do this , no one could control it . no one . it bear the stamp of undeniable truth . Gandhi 's eye sag with the despair of a man whose last hope , whose faith , have crumble around he . jinnah smile cynically , he spread he hand " see ? " jinnah it be you choice . do you want a independent India and a independent Pakistan ? or do you want civil war ? Gandhi stare at he numbly . the red fort - new DELHI - exterior - day on a platform in the foreground mountbatten and Nehru . a band play the indian National anthem loudly and there be the roar of a tremendous crowd as the green , white and saffron flag of India be raise on the flagpole . government build - karachi - exterior - day on a platform in the foreground jinnah and a british plenipotentiary . a band play the new pakistani National anthem loudly and there be the roar of a tremendous crowd as the white , green with white crescent , flag of Pakistan be raise on the flagpole . the ashram - exterior - day silence . the little flagpole be empty , the rope dangle , flap loosely down the pole . Gandhi sit on the porch of he bungalow , spin . the hum of the spin wheel . Inside we can just see mirabehn , spin too . but apart from that , he be alone ; the whole ashram seem desert . we hear the sound of a bell on one of the goat , fairly distant . the path to the ashram - exterior - day feature kallenbach . he be take the goat and tether it near the path of the ashram . he still the bell with he hand . as he tie it the camera angle widen and we see Margaret bourke - White sit on the grass , watch kallenbach and look off toward Gandhi 's bungalow . bourke -white be not you be a little overprotective ? kallenbach look at she . her tone criticize more than he stilling the goat 's bell . kallenbach tomorrow . tomorrow photograph he . bourke -white I come all this way because I believe the picture of Independence Day be of he here alone . kallenbach stand and look across at she , judge , then appeal to she humanity . kallenbach it be violence , and the fear of violence , that have make today what it be ... give he the dignity of he grief . bourke - White grab a clump of grass , twist it free , and sigh . she toss the grass vaguely at the goat . bourke -white and while we be sit here feed goat , what will happen to all the Muslims in India and the hindus in Pakistan ? kallenbach stop , stare absently at the ground ahead , then kallenbach Gandhi will pray for they ... OPEN terrain and railroad - exterior - day the camera be high ( helicopter ) and move and from its position we meet and then pass over a immense column of refugee -- ten , twenty abreast -- move down one side of the railroad track toward camera . woman , child , the sick , the age , all burden with bedding , utensil , household treasure , useless bric-a- brac and trudging with they every type of cart , wagon , rickshaw , pull by donkey , camel , bike , oxen . it stretch endlessly to the horizon . tiny green , white and saffron flag here and there indicate that it be a hindu column and spot through it we see people in fresh bandage , some on stretcher , stick out like radioactive tracers in the huge artery of frighten humanity . and the camera lift and tilt , slowly swinging to the opposite direction , and as it do , reveal another vast column across the track , several yard away , move in the opposite direction : veile woman in purdah , the crescent flag of Muslim Pakistan here and there . as the camera level and speed along it , we see that this column too reach to the horizon , that it too carry its wounded . a unbelievable flood of desperate humanity . extreme close shot the sound of the vast refugee column . a woman 's arm cradle a baby in swaddle . blood have seepe through the swaddle in three or four place , some of it dry . fly buzz around it . and suddenly we hear the woman 's sob and she rock the baby and we know it have stop move , stop breathe , and a male hand gently touch the back of the baby , check , and the camera pan up to the face of a man . again in extreme close shot so we cannot tell whether they be hindu or Muslim . and the man' eye knot , and he swing out of shot as he run in fury and rage at the other column . long shot - high the two column -- and a howl of hate and grief ! and the camera sweep to where man be run at each other across the track , some already fight . knive , pangas , hatchet ; woman scream and run ; a besiege wagon tip . another angle . and as the fight grow more fierce stream of man from each column run back to partake , but the bulk of the two column hurry off , scramble , run , some leave they bundle , flee the meleé in terror . hindu / muslim riot sequence - several location - day / night a Muslim pull through break glass in a urban market shop . / night : a hindu temple daube with blood , the body of woman and child strewn before it ; scream , the sound of fight . / mud and straw house burn , figure run through they . / a city street : a truck crash into a barricade of rickshaw and bale , and be set upon by a swarm of knife - and panga-bear man . from the back of the truck opponent with sword and club leap into battle . nehruss office - interior - day Chaos . it and the adjoin office have be make into something like operation room . military and civilian aide move back and forth . telephone at work everywhere . a huge map on the wall be constantly have data change by people receive message there . Nehru be glance at a telex message ; he turn and give it back to the military aide who 's give it to he . nehru ( fast , curt ) no . there just be not that many troops . military aide what 's he to do ? nehru what he can ! he turn . Patel have a message he be go to present to he . he hesitates , grin dismally , and crumple the message -- " no use . " Nehru sag . he look at Patel with haggard eye . nehru he be right . it 's insane -- anything would have be better . patel have you find he ? Nehru nod solemnly . nehru he 's in noakhali . Patel react to that -- surprise , apprehension . nehru he 's tramping from village to village -- no police , no troops -- try to quell the madness single - handedly . ( he sigh , half in admiration , half in hopeless exasperation at the old man 's audacity . ) Maulana have go to bring he back . Patel nod grimly -- the noisy chaos of the room . someone shout at Nehru , " Prime Minister ! " close shot - gandhi in silence -- look tragic , tired and defeat . he be sit in he characteristic manner , stare down at the carpet before he . nehruss voice ( dull , lifeless ) what you have do in noakhali be a miracle , bapu , a miracle , but million be on the move -- million . there be no way to stop it ... and no one can count the dead . the camera angle have change . we be in nehruss private chamber - interior - night Patel and azad be there and pyarelal of course , and with they now the giant figure of Abdul ghaffar Khan , the first time we have see he among Gandhi 's intimate group . nehru in Calcutta it 's like civil war . the Muslims rise and there be a bloodbath , and now the hindus be take revenge -- and if we can not stop it there will be no hope for the hindus leave in Pakistan . patel ... a eye for a eye make the whole world blind . it be a empty and despair echo of Gandhi 's word . azad be not there any troops to spare ? nehru ( tense , fragile ) nothing -- nothing . the division in bombay and Delhi can hardly keep the peace now . and each fresh bit of news create another wave of mad ... ness . he have turn and see Gandhi stand slowly . it have almost stop he . patel could we cut all news off ? I know -- nehru bapu -- please . where be you go . gandhi ( sounding like a old man ) I do not want to hear more ... he be move toward the door . it stop they all . pyarelal move tentatively to open the door . patel ( impatiently ) we need you help ! gandhi there be nothing I can give . azad where be you go ? Gandhi turn , look at he bleakly . gandhi Calcutta . calcutta - exterior - night we be high . there be fire , the sound of spasmodic gunfire , of looting , scream , the roar of police vehicle and occasional siren . the camera zoom in on a poor quarter of artisan dwelling in narrow street . outside one of the house be a car , a army jeep , policeman , a few soldier and a group of people . it seem a little island of calm in a sea of wild chaos . on the roof of the house , a figure move into the light . closer - tahib be roof the figure be Gandhi . he peer down at the dark , rioting street . azad , tahib , a Muslim whose house this be , mirabehn and pyarelal be with he along Abdul ghaffar Khan . a police commissioner move to Gandhi 's side , demand he attention . police commissioner Sir , please , I do not have the man to protect you -- not in a Muslim house . not this quarter . gandhi I be stay with the friend of a friend . there be a sudden commotion just below they and angry shout : " death to Muslims ! , " " death to Muslims ! " Gandhi peer down . his point of view . a surging gang of youth , many carry torch , and far outnumber the little group of police and soldier , be shouting up at the roof . we see three or four black flag and stain of blood on many of they . a few hold knife still wet with blood . a youth there he be ! a feral roar go up at the sight of Gandhi , but he stand unmove . hindu youth leader ( he voice emotional , tearful ) why be you stay at the home of a Muslim ! they be murderer ! they kill my family ! feature Gandhi . it be a comment too grave for glibness , and Gandhi be obviously strike by the pain of it . he pause for a moment , stare down at the youth : gandhi because forgiveness be the gift of the brave . he make it mean the youth . for a second it make a impact , but then the youth shout he defiance at he and he message . youth to hell with you , Gandhi !! a angry chorus of acclamation ; when it die gandhi ( to the youth ) go -- do as you mother and father would wish you to do . it be ambiguous , open -end , meaning anything you mother and father would wish you to do . tear flush from the boy' eye and he stare at Gandhi with a kind of hopeless anguish and rage . but the impact be on the youth alone ; around he the other begin to take up the chant " death to Muslims ! , " " death to Muslims ! " Gandhi turn from the street . he look at the police commissioner -- at he fatigue , he concern , he manifest respect . Gandhi muster a weary smile . gandhi I have live a lifetime . if I have shunne death -- or fear it -- I would not be here . nor would you be concerned for I . ( he let it sink in then he take the commissioner 's arm and move back toward the center of the roof . ) leave I -- and take you man . ( a understanding touch of the arm . ) you have more important thing to worry about . the commissioner look at he , uncertain , not know what to do , as the angry chant continue above the sound of rioting . hospital - interior - day a old , inadequate hospital -- dark cavernous . Margaret bourke - White be move among the densely pack litter of wounded woman . she be positioning herself to photograph Gandhi , who be speak to a woman who cradle a small baby . the corridor behind he be even more pack . the few doctor and nurse hardly have room to move . feature Gandhi . azad and mirabehn be behind he as he move on , and behind they , like a giant guardian , Abdul ghaffar Khan . we hear " bapu , bapu " muttere quietly here and there . Gandhi bend to a woman whose face be bandage and a cruel wound be half - expose between she mouth and eye . woman bapu ... Allah be with you ... there be tear in Gandhi 's eye now . gandhi and with you . ( he touch she wrinkle hand . ) pray ... I can not help you -- pray ... pray . and the weight of he helplessness hang on he . calcutta STREET - exterior - day a streetcar ( tram ) crash into a barricade of cart , rickshaw , a couple of old car , smash through to breach the barricade , but stop in the end by the mass of debris . the streetcar be load with indian troops and they break from the stall vehicle to chase a gang of hindus -- organize -- run down the street from the troops , some drag the body of victim with they . we see several hindu black flag . nehruss office - interior - night he speak across he desk to a senior police commissioner . the same activity go on in the background . nehru ( angrily ) no ! there will not be a hindu Police and a Muslim Police . there be one police ! a aide slip a newspaper on he desk in front of he . he do not look at it till the senior commissioner lower he head and turn , accept defeat . then Nehru glance at the paper . in thick headline : gandhi : a fast unto death ! Nehru do not move for a moment . then he lift he face slowly to he aide . nehru why must I read news like this in the paper ? the aide shake he head -- there 's no answer . Nehru lower he head again ; it be like another burden on a man who already have too many . he grip he temple ... a terrible sigh . nehru tell Patel . arrange a plane . we will go -- Friday . the aide four day ? Nehru think on it solemnly , then nod yes . tahib be house - exterior - day the sound of rioting and looting on nearby street , but here a mass of people be gather . many youth with black flag . two black government limousine . motorcycle . Police and soldier . they be look off to a outside staircase - tahib' house it run up the side of the building and be line with wait people . Nehru and Patel be climb the stair , move past they almost irritably as they mutter " Nehru , Nehru , " " Patel , " and make the pranam to the eminent man . in the heat of the city tahib 's rooftop be still Gandhi 's " home " and have become a center of activity . azad clear someone aside and usher Nehru and Patel under the canopy awning . Nehru pause as he lower he head . his point of view . Gandhi lie curl awkwardly on he side of the cot . he be write , pyarelal take the page as he finish , both ignore all the people , the sound of gunfire and distant shouting , but he look tired and tighten he jaw occasionally in pain . the camera pan . a doctor sit near the foot of the cot , Abdul ghaffar Khan beyond he . near the other edge of the canopy area , mirabehn sit with bourke - White . they be whisper quietly , but mirabehn have stop on see Nehru and she smile a relieved greeting . she know Gandhi 's feel for he . bourke - White stare at he and Patel for a second and then she hand go slowly , almost reflexively , for she camera . closer on gandhi Nehru cross and kneel so that he be almost at Gandhi 's eyeline . Gandhi must take he eye from he write to look , and he be almost move to tear at the sight of Nehru . his hand shake a little as he hold it out to he . nehru bapu ... Gandhi turn to pat they join hand with he other hand . he do so with effort , and at last he see Patel . gandhi sardar ... ( he look he over . ) you have gain weight . you must join I in the fast . Patel sit near the head of the cot so the three of they be on a level . outside the canopy area , bourke - White be crouch , she camera frame the three of they . patel ( wittily , warmly ) if I fast I die . if you fast people go to all sort of trouble to keep you alive . Gandhi smile and reach to touch hand with he . nehru bapu , forgive I -- I have cheat . I could have come earlier . but you fast have help . this last day people 's mind have begin to turn to this bed -- and away from last night 's atrocity . but now it be enough . Gandhi shake he head . gandhi all that have happen be that I have grow a little thin . it be despairingly sincere . but Nehru feel he have a antidote for that despair . the distant sound of a explosion . nehru tomorrow five thousand Muslim student of all age be march here in Calcutta -- for peace . ( the real point ) and five thousand hindu student be march with they . it be all organize . bourke - White capture the sense of elation in he face . from she discreet distance , she lower the camera , hold it against she mouth , wait for Gandhi 's response . Gandhi nod to Nehru , accept the news with a sad wistfulness . gandhi I be glad -- but it will not be enough . Nehru be not prepare for this resistance . he glance at Patel , and we see that they recognize that they bland conviction that they could talk he out of the fast be deeply misplace . Nehru turn back -- this time no confidence , only concern . a force smile . nehru bapu , you be not so young anymore . Gandhi smile , pain etched in he eye . he touch Nehru 's hand . gandhi do not worry for I -- death will be a deliverance . ( there be water in he eye , but he word have the weight of a man truly determine to die . ) I can not watch the destruction of all I have live for . Nehru stare at he , feel the sudden fear that Gandhi mean it . Patel , mirabehn , azad , bourke - White be grip by the same realization . tahib be house - exterior - night a outside broadcast truck be park among the usual crowd , grow even larger now , and more woman among they . the sound of distant fight . tahib be roof - exterior - night the senior technician , in earphone , signal across to mirabehn . she hold a microphone by Gandhi , who be lie on he side . he seem almost out of touch . mirabehn bapu ... Gandhi look at she , and then the microphone . when he speak into the microphone he voice be very weak . gandhi each night before I sleep , I read a few word from the gita and the Koran , and the Bible ... ( we intercut with bourke - White and that on the roof watch ) tonight I ask you to share this thought of God with I . and now we go into the street , intercutte with Gandhi but see hindus listen around loudspeaker on corner , in little eat house , Muslim shop where people live in the back , and neighbor gather defensively in group . gandhi ( the book be there , but he do it from memory of course ) I will begin with the Bible where the word of the Lord be , " Love thy neighbor as thyself " ... and then we beloved gita which say , " the world be a garment wear by God , thy neighbor be in truth thyself " ... and finally the Holy Koran , " we shall remove all hatred from we heart and recline on couch face to face , a band of brother . " he lean back , exhaust . mirabehn be look at he ; she start to sing softly . mirabehn " lead kindly Light , amidst the circle gloom ... " Gandhi , he eye close , take it up in he weak , croaking voice . gandhi / mirabehn " the night be dark , and I be far from home , lead thou I on ... " tahib be house - exterior - day two police motorcycle lead a black limousine to a stop before tahib 's house . the crowd now gather be very large . more mix than before but still predominantly of youth , many still with black flag . Nehru get out of the limousine with a Muslim leader , a tough - look man who carry himself with the authority and power of a mobster ( suhrawardy ) . and they start to go up the outside stair . suddenly we hear the shout " death to Gandhi ! , " " death to Gandhi ! " and Nehru turn , push past suhrawardy fiercely and go back onto the street . he run at the crowd , where the shout come once more from the back . his face be wild with anger and shock . nehru ( hysterically ) who dare say such thing ! who ?! ( and he be run at they and they spread in fear . ) come ! kill I first ! come ! where be you ?! kill I first ! the crowd have spread from he all along the street ; they stand against the wall of the house stare at he , terrify to move . we see , just in pass , the frighten , apprehensive face of godse , and near he , apte and karkare . Nehru stand , stare at they all , he face seethe with anger . tahib be roof - exterior - day we be feature a copy of life Magazine . on the cover be a picture of rioting man fight and diagonally a cut - out of Gandhi lie on he cot . the caption read : " a Old man 's Battle . " as the magazine start to be open , it be suddenly put to one side . another angle . mirabehn be rise , leave the magazine at she foot . she move to Nehru and suhrawardy as azad usher they into the canopy area . Abdul ghaffar Khan sit quietly in the background . mirabehn speak softly . mirabehn his pulse be very irregular -- the kidney be not function . Nehru look across at Gandhi . the doctor , who be testing Gandhi 's pulse yet again , glance at he -- no encouragement -- and move away . Nehru move to the side of the cot and Gandhi smile weakly and hold out a hand , but he be in pain . nehru bapu , I have bring Mr. suhrawardy . it be he who call on the Muslims to rise ; he be tell they now to go back to they home , to lay down they arm . Gandhi look up at suhrawardy , who nod . Gandhi look back at Nehru . there be no hint of he change he mind . nehru ( personally ) think what you can do by live -- that you cannot do by die . Gandhi smile whimsically , he touch he again but there be no change in he attitude . nehru ( pleadingly ) what do you want ? gandhi ( a moment ) that the fight will stop -- that you make I believe it will never start again . Nehru look at he hopelessly . square in calcutta - exterior - day a huge crowd , some smoke in distant building , some damage near to help we know this be still Calcutta , and all be not yet at peace . the camera sweep over the crowd , past the loudspeaker on they pole . we see surly knot of belligerent rowdy , mostly young , but not all , hang on the fringe as we move over the head of the mass of listen people to a platform where Nehru speak . azad , suhrawardy , and other sit on the floor behind he . we have hear he voice over all this . nehru ... sometimes it be when you be quite without hope and in utter darkness that God come to the rescue . gandhiji be die because of we madness . put away you " revenge . " what will be gain by more kill ? have the courage to do what you know be right . for God 's sake , let we embrace like brother ... tahib be roof - exterior - night feature the Muslim leader suhrawardy , lean against a wall , watch a action out of shot with evident tension . we hear a little clank of metal . another angle . there be five man face Gandhi . they wear black trousers and black knit vest . there be thongs around they arm that make they bulg muscle seem even more powerful . they be hindu thug ( goondas ) . they clothes be dirty -- and they be too -- but they be lay knife and gun at Gandhi 's foot . mirabehn , azad , pyarelal , the doctor and other on the roof watch fascinate , a little frighten . goonda leader it be we promise . we stop . it be a promise . Gandhi be look at he , testing , not give or accept anything that be mere gesture . gandhi go -- try -- God by with you . the goondas stand . they glance at suhrawardy ; he smile tautly and they start to leave , but one ( nahari ) linger . suddenly he move violently toward Gandhi , take a flat piece of indian bread ( chapati ) from he trousers and toss it forcefully on Gandhi . nahari eat . mirabehn and azad start to move toward he -- the man look immensely strong and immensely unstable . but Gandhi hold up a shaking hand , stop they . nahari 's face be knotted in emotion , half anger , half almost a child 's fear -- but there be a wild menace in that instability . nahari eat ! I be go to hell -- but not with you death on my soul . gandhi only God decide who go to hell ... nahari ( stiffening , aggressive ) I -- I kill a child ... ( then a anguish defiance ) I smashed he head against a wall . Gandhi stare at he , breathless . gandhi ( in a fearful whisper ) why ? why ? it be as though the man have tell he of some terrible self - inflicted wound . nahari ( tear now -- and wrath ) they kill my son -- my boy ! almost reflexively he hold he hand out to indicate the height of he son . he glare at suhrawardy and then back at Gandhi . nahari the Muslims kill my son ... they kill he . he be sobbing , but in he anger it seem almost as though he mean to kill Gandhi in retaliation . a long moment , as Gandhi meet he pain and wrath . then gandhi I know a way out of hell . nahari sneer , but there be just a flicker of desperate curiosity . gandhi find a child -- a child whose mother and father have be kill . a little boy -- about this high . he raise he hand to the height nahari have indicate as he so n's . gandhi ... and raise he -- as you own . nahari have listen . his face almost crack -- it be a chink of light , but it do not illumine he darkness . gandhi only be sure ... that he be a Muslim . and that you raise he as one . and now the light fall on nahari . his face stiffen , he swallow , fight any show of emotion ; then he turn to go . but he take only a step and he turn back , go to he knee , the sob break again and again from he heaving body as he hold he head to Gandhi 's foot in the traditional greeting of hindu son to hindu father . a second , and Gandhi reach out and touch the top of he head . mirabehn watch . the goondas watch . suhrawardy watch . finally gandhi ( gently , exhaustedly ) go -- go . God bless you ... courtyard - police station - calcutta - exterior - night truck with riot squad ( shield and truncheon ) in place , but they be loung , wait . there be silence , and air of somnolence . some of the riot squad lounge in little group around the courtyard . a distant cough . feature a senior riot squad officer dress and ready for action . he it be who cough . he cough again , clear he throat . a police sergeant stand by he , both be read the front page of a paper the senior riot squad officer hold . we see two huge line of headline : gandhi near death / nehru goe on fast . in one of the truck one of the man offer another a cigarette . a telephone ring sharply , inside . the senior riot squad officer and the sergeant run in as engine start ; the man run to they place , lower visor , headlight go on ! police station office - interior - day a constable man the telephone . he listen as the senior riot squad officer and the sergeant run to he tensely . the sound of the great door open in the courtyard , more engine revving up . constable yes , sir , yes , sir , ( he hold up he hand to the senior officer ) " wait . " he glance up at the senior riot squad officer . constable ( write , from the phone ) Accident , " Christie crossroad , " a lorry and a rickshaw . yes , sir , I have it . he shrug at the senior riot squad officer and hand the information slip to another constable behind the desk . the sergeant sigh , and move to the outside door . we hear he bellow , " stand down . " the constable hang up and sigh heavily . the senior riot squad officer shake he head , and turn and walk slowly to the door . courtyard - police station - exterior - night the senior riot squad officer and the sergeant stand in the doorway as the engine die . the man relax ... the silence return . a dog bark distantly , disturb by the noise ... a bird caw once or twice . sergeant I would not have believe it , Mr. gupta . senior officer sergeant , it 's a bloody miracle ... high shot - calcutta - exterior - night it lie in silence . tahib be roof - exterior - day mirabehn be bent over Gandhi . he be curl almost in the fetal position , he face look want and sink . for the first time there be silence , no explosion , no distant shout , no gunfire . mirabehn bapu , there 's be no fight -- anywhere . it have stop -- the madness have stop . we see the police commissioner , suhrawardy , two doctor , Abdul ghaffar Khan , and some other . nearer Gandhi , behind mirabehn , be Nehru , Patel , azad and pyarelal . Gandhi turn to mirabehn , he face shaking , peer into she eye . gandhi it be foolish if it be just to save the life of a old man . mirabehn no ... no . in every temple and mosque they have pledge to die before they lift a hand against each other . his weary eye look at she ; he look up slowly to azad . azad nod " it 's true . " then Patel patel everywhere . Gandhi look at Nehru . Nehru just nod tautly . Gandhi look down , then lift he head to azad . gandhi Maulana , my friend , could I have some orange juice ... then you and I will take a piece of bread together ... the relief bring water to they eye and grin to they face . Nehru bend to Gandhi . Gandhi hold he hand out to he , and Nehru clutches it . then nehru you see , bapu , it be not difficult . I have fasted only a few hour and I accomplish what you could not do in as many day . it be a joke in they way with each other and Gandhi 's eye light , he smile come . but it be tired . he put he other hand over Nehru 's and Nehru lower he head to it , cry silently . birla house - exterior - day as in the open sequence -- but a few minute earlier . the crowd be beginning to gather for the evening prayer . we see a tonga or two , a gardener open the gate to the garden , three policeman stand , talk idly among themselves . birla house - interior - day laughter . Gandhi be eat muli ; he hold he head back to capture the lemon juice . we hear the click of a camera gandhi that be how you eat muli . manu hand he a cloth and he wipe he hand . another click of a camera . he be not fully recover , but well on the way . gandhi ( to the photographer ) I be not sure I want to be remember that way . it be all light and for fun . we get a wide - angle shot now and see that bourke - White be shoot one of she favorite subject again . she be enjoy the banter , as be mirabehn , who be spin quietly to one side of the room , and Patel , who sit cross -legge like Gandhi on the floor . pyarelal be work on papers with he but grin at this . bourke -white do not worry , with luck you may not be . and she shoot he again , as he hand the cloth back to manu . abha be sit next to manu , look at a collection of picture of Gandhi , obviously bourke - White 's . patel no , he will be remember for tempting fate . it be wry , but waspishly chide . abha suddenly hold a picture up for Gandhi to see . it 's one of he , ear wide , eye round . abha mickey mouse . Gandhi tap she on the head with he finger as she smile . but bourke - White have look from Patel to Gandhi , clearly shake by the implication in Patel 's word . bourke -white you really be go to Pakistan , then ? ( Gandhi shrug , and she chide too ) you be a stubborn man . gandhi ( a grin , in the mood of they " flirtation " ) I be simply go to prove to Muslims there , and hindus here , that the only devil in the world be that run around in we own heart -- and that 's where all we battle ought to be fight . abha have signal to the cheap watch dangle from he dhoti . he glance at it , and hold he arm out . the two girl help he . bourke -white and what kind of a warrior have you be in that warfare ? she be photograph he get - up and lean on the two girl . gandhi not a very good one . that 's why I have so much tolerance for the other scoundrel of the world . he move off , but have a sudden think and turn to Patel . gandhi ask panditji to -- to consider what we have discuss . Patel nod soberly and Gandhi start for the door , bourke - White move with he . gandhi ( of the photograph ) enough . bourke -white ( a plea ) one more . he have pass she , he 's in the doorway . we see the crowd at the end of the garden , where the light of the day be beginning to soften . he turn , teasing in he slightly flirtatious way with woman . gandhi you be a temptress . she shoot he against the door -- the crowd milling distantly , wait -- then she lower she camera . bourke - white just a admirer ... gandhi nothing 's more dangerous , especially for a old man . he turn ; the last word have betrayed the smile on he face ; they have a painful sense of truth about they . bourke - White watch as he move into the garden toward the crowd in the distance . she turn to mirabehn . bourke -white there 's a sadness in he . it 's a observation -- and a question . mirabehn accede gravely . mirabehn he think he 's fail . bourke - White stare at she , then turn to look out at he . bourke -white why ? my God , if anything 's prove he right , it 's what 's happen this last month ... mirabehn nod , but she keep on spin and try to sound cynically resign but she innate emotionalism keep break through in she voice and on she face . mirabehn I be blind by my love of he , but I think when we most need it , he offer the world a way out of madness . but he do not see it ... and neither do the world . it be lace with pain . bourke - White turn and look out at Gandhi -- so tiny , so weak as he walk between he " prop . " he have now reach the end of the garden and be move among the crowd assemble there . the garden - birla house - exterior - twilight Gandhi be move forward in the crowd , one hand rest on manu , the other on abha . he make the pranam to someone , the crowd be bow to he , some speak , and we also see the crowd from he point of view -- " bapu , " " God bless you , " " thank you -- thank you . " he turn to a very old woman , who make a salaam to he . Gandhi touch she head . gandhi Allah be with you . smiling , he turn back . a jostling , the sound of bead fall . manu ( to someone ) brother , bapu be already late for prayer . Gandhi turn to the person ; he make the pranam . full shot . godse be make the pranam to he and he suddenly , wildly draw he gun and fire . the camera close on Gandhi as he stagger and fall , the red stain of blood seeping through he white shawl . gandhi oh , God ... oh , God ... manu and abha bend over he , silent in they first shock . the sound of panic and alarm begin to grow around they , they suddenly scream and begin to cry . manu / abha bapu ! bapu ! funeral pyre - exterior - day blackness . silence . a moment -- we sense the blackness move -- like dark smoke . the camera be pull back very slowly and we can tell the blackness be smoke rise from a fire . and now we see that it be a funeral pyre . and all around that pyre a mass of silent humanity . through the smoke , sit cross -legge near the rim of the flame , we see Nehru ... and azad and Patel , mirabehn and kallenbach , the draw face of Lord and Lady mountbatten , manu and abha ... the river - exterior - day a helicopter shot come slowly up the wide river , low , toward a barge and a mass of people in the distance . and now we be over the barge , and it be cover with flower . Flowers flow downstream around it . a urn sit on it -- contain Gandhi 's ash -- and Nehru stand near it , azad and Patel a little behind he . and as the barge float down the river , Nehru bend and lift the urn ... feature Nehru . he swallow , restrain he own emotion , and slowly , ritualistically , sprinkle the ash over the water . and as they spread , we hold on that stretch of the river , the flower swirl languidly around it as the dark , timeless current move they toward the sea . gandhi' voice ( weak , struggle , as he speak the word to mirabehn ) ... there have be tyrant and murderer -- and for a time they can seem invincible . but in the end they always fall . think of it -- always ... when you be in doubt that that be God 's way , the way the world be mean to be ... think of that . and slowly the camera begin pull back , leave the flower , the brown , roll current as though leave the story of Gandhi , go far out , away from the great river , reach higher and higher , through streak of cloud as end title begin . and through they , once more we hear , dimly , reminiscently , through the rush wind : " at home child be write ' essay ' about he ! " ... the croaky voice sing , " God save we gracious King " ... dyer : " sergeant Major -- , " the sergeant Major : " take aim ! , " dyer : " Fire ! , " the sound of mass rifle fire , scream ... " you be my best friend ... my high guru , and my sovereign lord . " " who the hell be he ? , " " I do not know , sir . " " my name be Gandhi . mohandas K. Gandhi . " ... the sound of rioting , woman 's scream , terror ... " find a child -- a child whose mother and father have be kill . a little boy ... about this high . " ... " he think he 's fail . " ... " Long live mahatma Gandhi !... Long live mahatma Gandhi ! " the end