" gang related " written by Jim kouf shoot draft 1997 fade in : neon sign - the prince motel - night the N and the E be not work . so it read the pr ic motel . room to rent by day , week , month . kitchenettes . the Prince Motel have pass its prime . a few beat up car be park outside room . we crane down to room seven . curtain close , but someone be hold it open a crack , look out . we push in close to the window and the eye look over the parking lot . then the curtain close . int . room seven - prince motel - night peel flower wallpaper , ultra-cheap furniture . the man move away from the window be rodriguez . he be slender , sport a thin mustache , hair slicked straight back . he 's in he late thirty . slightly nervous . another man sit on the couch , look at a magazine . he be forty , solidly build . his name be frank divinci . divinci say here they get slip in honolulu . 325 a month . utility include . that 's not bad . rodriguez sit down . divinci but I gotta get at least a forty footer . it will handle rough water better and I will need the room if I be gonna live on it . rodriguez stand up , move back to the window . divinci look up . rodriguez I do not know how you do it . divinci what ? rodriguez how you can think about Hawaii now ? divinci my heart 's in Hawaii . rodriguez you never be there . how can you heart be there . divinci you be tellin ' I there 's no place you would rather be other than here ? rodriguez no , I be say I just do not know how you can think about Hawaii right now . divinci if I be in Hawaii right now , I would not be think about here . see the difference ? rodriguez no . divinci look , I be not in Hawaii , I be here . but I do not want to be here , I want to be in Hawaii . I can not be in Hawaii , therefore I think about it so as to not get depressed about be here . rodriguez but I be here , I know I be here , I do not like be here , but I can not be anyplace else because I look around and I see all this shit . how do you get around that ?! that 's what I be ask . divinci focus . rodriguez focus . divinci nod . rodriguez look at he watch . rodriguez it 's time . no more Hawaii , okay ? focus on this . divinci ( smile ) aloha . rodriguez shake he head , exasperate , and exit . rodriguez ( to himself ) aloha my ass . CUT to : ext . dark STREET - night poor side of town . a few old car park on the street . some building vacant . a late model white cadillac cruise past . we hear loud rap music . int . cadillac - night lionel hudd drive . hudd be thirty . African american . the music be loud . his clothes lean to African root . a woman sit next to the passenger window . her name be cynthia webb . Cynthia be thirty - five , dress in short provocative skirt , tight top . a little too much make -up . she 's lead a hard life . she glance at hudd . hudd glance at she , look down at she skirt hike up on she leg . cynthia Left at the corner . hudd 's eye linger on she thigh for a moment , then he turn he attention back to drive , tapping along with the heavy bass . ext . prince motel - night the cadillac pull into the parking lot . Parks in front of room seven . hudd get out , look around . Cynthia get out , lead he to seven . knock . the curtain pull back . divinci look at hudd and Cynthia . she nod to he . the door unlock and open . Cynthia enter . hudd look around again . then follow . int . motel room seven - night divinci wait at the door . he and hudd eye each other as hudd enter the room . divinci look out , make sure no one have follow , then shut the door . divinci hope you do not mind I checkin ' you for weapon . hudd Hell yes I mind . divinci hesitates . this could break the deal . hudd I just do not want no man handlin ' I . hudd look at Cynthia . the suggestion be take . divinci okay . check he . hudd spread he leg , lift he arm . Cynthia would rather not have the job , but there 's no choice . hudd lotta good hidin ' place on this body . check good . Cynthia run she hand over hudd , check pocket , pants , sleeve . finally come to he crotch . hudd smile . hudd careful . it 's load . Cynthia have hear it all before . she 's not squeamish in the least and she give he a good go over . cynthia he 's get nothin' . she smile back at hudd . then move away , sit on the couch and seductively cross she leg . divinci , satisfied , pull a plastic bag pack tight with cocaine out of he pocket , toss it to hudd . hudd sit on the couch , open the bag , stick he finger in and taste the content . but never take he eye off divinci . hudd not bad , not bad . any more where this come from ? divinci maybe . hudd then maybe we talk again . divinci maybe . hudd stand , unzip he pants . reaches in to grab he cock , but instead , pull out a stack of money . inch thick . hudd told you there be a lotta good hidin ' place on this body . hudd hand the money to divinci and pocket the plastic bag . then cross to the door . glance back at Cynthia . hudd Bet you gotta lotta nice hidin ' place , too . then hudd smile and exit . ext . prince motel - night hudd get into he cadillac , pull out of the motel parking lot . ext . STREET - night desert . no one on the street this late . several of the building be board up . int . cadillac - night hudd drive . no music this time . his attitude have change . more serious . light in the rear view mirror . come up fast . hudd watch as the car pull around to pass . he glance at the car as it pull past he , but all we see be the flash of a blast from a gun . Front window exploding . the cadillac swerve into a park car . the other car -- a buick regal -- screech to a stop next to it . one man get out . move quickly to the cadillac . it 's dark , difficult to see . he carry a smith and wesson .44 . open the door . he 's wear plastic glove . hudd be dead , slump against the passenger door . the man reach in , turn off the engine , grab the plastic bag of cocaine . and now we see it 's divinci . int . buick regal - night rodriguez be the driver . anxious . engine run . rodriguez come on ! hurry up ! divinci dash back to the buick , hop in . rodriguez floor it . the buick tear off down the dark street . CUT to : ext . apartment build - night not a great part of the city . apartment building line both side of the street . a alley run between two of the building . a taxi pull up in front . headlight shining on a man pass out in the street . Cynthia exit the taxi . the taxi pull away . she glance at the man pass out in the street . his clothes be rag . he 's filthy . his face cover in beard and greasy dirty hair . hard to tell how old he be . maybe forty . maybe eighty . who know ? his hand clutches a bottle in a bag . cynthia hey , Joe , wake up . get outa the street before you get run over . Joe , wake up ! she nudge he with she foot . the man groan , roll back . Dead drunk . cynthia you be in the street , Joe . get outa the street . the man , joe , be silent for a moment , then he start to crawl -- toward the middle of the street . cynthia other way , Joe . Joe turn he crawl toward the curb . Cynthia watch he for a moment . he be truly pathetic . cynthia forget it , Joe . maybe you be better off right there . I do not think you would even feel it . Cynthia enter the building next to the alley . CUT to : cynthia - int . apartment - night asleep . the room be dark . we hear a door open and close . Cynthia wake . cynthia who be it ? divinci cross to the bed . divinci get you money . cynthia put it on the table . she close she eye , try to go back to sleep . divinci tire ? cynthia yes . divinci I be not . cynthia take a sleep pill . there 's some in my purse . divinci you want you money ? Cynthia 's eye open and she look up at divinci . he 's smile , hold up five one hundre dollar bill . cynthia I already work for that . divinci unzip he pants . divinci this be a bonus . cynthia for who ? divinci smile . Cynthia snatch the money . divinci start to undress . divinci this be not my fault . this be a failure of we educational system . if you have not fall through the crack and drop outa school , you would not be here now . cynthia so what 's you excuse ? divinci I be in love . Cynthia just stare at he for a long beat . then she unbuckle divinci 's pants . CUT to : key - inserted into door lock - night a door be push open . rodriguez enter he one bedroom apartment . start to shut the door when two men appear from the shadow . the first be short , well dress . his name be VIC . the second be large , heavy - set , shave head . his name be cutless supreme . cutless Supreme be not a man to be mess with . VIC keepin ' some late hour . rodriguez look at cutless Supreme . rodriguez what the hell you doin ' ? what be my neighbor gonna think ? VIC I apologize . I understand you concern . but you must understand that , unlike a bank , I can not rely on a late fee as sufficient encouragement to repay one 's debt . I be force to employ the like of Mr. cutless Supreme , whom I might add , contribute significantly to my overhead . I be the real loser here . and I be concerned about you sincerity in repaying the twenty - seven thousand , nine hundred forty - two dollar gambling debt that be one week past due . what can you do to reassure I of you good intention ? rodriguez I can make you life fuckin ' miserable that 's what I can do . VIC look at I . do I have a wife and three kid ? do I have a good job at IBM ? be I a handsome guy ? no , no and no . I loan money at excessively high interest rate to prick like you who can not control they urge to lose big money play card and then I be force to stay up all night try to convince they that I have need , too . the point of which be , I already have a fuckin ' miserable life . so do not threaten I you lousy bag of cat shit . rodriguez step toward Vic , but cutless Supreme slide in between they . rodriguez be not go to win this one . VIC all I be askin ' be that you be responsible . be that unreasonable ? rodriguez back off , hesitates as he run over he option . there be not any . he reach into he pocket , pull out some of he night 's earning . rodriguez four thousand be all I get . VIC I be proportionally reassure . you purchase yourself a extension . Vic take the money , head for the street . rodriguez watch Vic walk away . cutless Supreme watch rodriguez . rodriguez cutless Supreme , what kind of fuckin ' idiot name be that ? cutless supreme it be the car my daddy steal to take my momma to the hospital , but the cop stop he and shot he dead in a alley before he could explain . I be bear in the back seat . rodriguez glare at cutless Supreme , then he shut the door . CUT to : credit sequence - black and white montage crime scene photograph -- Dead drug dealer lie where they be shot . overlap close -up of evidence tag and shelving fill with evidence from hundred of crime scene . and close -shot of crime scene -- chalk outline -- bullet shell - bloody foot print . and finally crime scene tape . the black and white fade back into color -- yellow crime scene tape surround the cadillac . we pull back , revealing cop control the area . it 's early morning . a few people have stop to watch . but this be not a high traffic area . another car pull up . unmark . two man get out . we follow behind they as they approach the cadillac and patrolman mahoney , who know they . patrolman mahoney another day , another body . where you wanna start ? first man a hit ? patrolman mahoney look like . could be gang related . and now we see the two men from the unmark car . it 's divinci and rodriguez . suit and tie . they act like they own the area . and they do . patrolman mahoney happen sometime last night , early morning , two , three o'clock . african- american male , look like in he thirty . but even that 's a guess . half he head be on the upholstery . rodriguez any witness ? patrolman mahoney oh , sure , hundred . int . cadillac - day the bloody scene be untouched . hudd 's body be where it fall , on the seat . dried blood everywhere . divinci look in . divinci fuckin ' animal . CUT to : int . police station - day evidence room . behind a lock fence in area . a desk officer check in and out all evidence . he be twenty - eight , wear glass , very clean cut . two detective be check in evidence as divinci walk in . first detective ... three shotgun shell , twelve gauge . the desk Officer check in the evidence . desk officer Three shotgun shell , twelve gauge . the two detective wave hellos to divinci as he approach . second detective ( sgt . gardner ) Heard you get a gang related . lucky guy , divinci . you get all the pretty one . divinci one less drug store on the street . desk officer and the world be a safer place . the desk Officer buzze divinci through the door . divinci cross to the -- evidence storage room -- fill with shelf . stack with evidence from on -go investigation . and the shelf be full of gun , knife , bloody glove , mask , shoe , etc . divinci look around , then remove the package of cocaine and the .44 from he pocket and place they back on one of the shelf . case number c-549087 . one thing about the .44 which we can see now -- a black stain on the metal of the handle . CUT to : int . homicide squad room - day desk , phone , computer , typewriter and homicide detective . some witness be interview . rodriguez be on the phone at he desk . he 's in the middle of a interview as he fill out one of the many form that complicate he life . rodriguez ( into phone ) -- a green car ... you know what make ... maybe a Ford , uh-huh . you do not see the license , do you ? divinci come back to he desk , next to rodriguez . rodriguez look up . divinci give he a confident smile and brushes he hand together -- clean hand . rodriguez ( into phone ) yeah , no , I understand , it be dark ... uh-huh . divinci sit at he desk . he pull a advertisement for a 42 foot sport fishing boat out of he desk . he hold it up to rodriguez , point to the boat . divinci wanna go for a ride ? rodriguez ( into phone ) you think you could describe the driver ? ( cover phone ; to divinci ) you buy it ? divinci as of last night , I have get the down . just picture I under swayin ' palm with a mai tai . we can hear someone describe a felon over the phone , but rodriguez be not listen . he 's look at the boat . rodriguez ( into phone ) uh-huh. ( cover phone ) you be gonna buy it , no shit . when ? divinci just a phone call away . divinci pick up the phone , start to dial . rodriguez that 's really great , man . divinci smile . rodriguez suddenly realize the person on the other end of the phone have stop talk . rodriguez ( back to phone ) uh-huh , okay ... how tall be he ? a heavy set man in he fifty approach -- captain henderson . capt . henderson you get primary on the drug related this morning on 27th . divinci I be workin ' it up now . capt . henderson who 's you second ? ( divinci point at rodriguez ) in my office . both of you . divinci why ? capt . henderson now . Captain Henderson do not wait for a response . he head for the office -- a inner office of glass and wood . divinci look at rodriguez , who be suddenly a little nervous . we can hear the person over the phone that he 's talk to , but he 's no longer interested and hang up on they . rodriguez what the hell -- divinci motion " keep calm . " int . captain henderson' office - day Henderson be hang up he coat as divinci and rodriguez enter . they be not the only one in the office . richard simm , thirty - two , trim , short cut hair , suit , be wait . capt . henderson detective divinci and rodriguez , this be Richard simm . he 's with the d.e.a . he want to ask you some question about you case . divinci what 's the occasion ? simm you get a i.d. on the victim ? rodriguez we be waitin ' for print . divinci pull out he note pad . divinci car be register to -- simm -- anchor import . 81 El dorado . Black . divinci if you get all this , what d' you want from we ? simm ... the man in the car be lionel hudd . rodriguez ( a little incense ) how d' you know that ? ( to Henderson ) what 's goin ' on here ? simm hudd be dea , undercover . rodriguez and divinci take the news like a sledgehammer . on they freeze expression we hear -- simm ( o.s. ) he be workin ' a case on syndicate distribution of drug on the south side . but every dealer we tag keep get kill . he finally get a lead on a girl -- hudd be a friend of mine ... I be gonna nail the sonuvabitch who kill he . a long beat on rodriguez and divinci , then -- divinci we will do everything we can to help . CUT to : the unmarked police car - ext . STREET - day screeching around a corner and up a drive into a vacant lot . the car skid to a stop and rodriguez get out of the driver 's side , slamm the door and storming off . he 's out of he mind . divinci get out quickly , follow he . rodriguez be so fire up and scared he can not stop move . rodriguez shit , fuck , shit , jesus christ ! divinci calm down ! rodriguez we're dead , we're fucking dead ! divinci shut up ! rodriguez fuck , fuck , fuck ! divinci catch rodriguez , try to stop he from flail about . divinci stop it ! you hear I , right now , stop it ! rodriguez GOD , GOD , this be really fuckin ' out of control ! rodriguez try to push divinci away , but divinci hold on . they struggle -- rodriguez let go of I ! -- push , shove , fall to the dirt . divinci jump on top of he , pull he pistol and shove it into rodriguez mouth . divinci shut up and listen to I ! rodriguez glare up at divinci . divinci they could be watchin ' we right now you asshole . so fuckin ' shape up ! you get it ?! ( nothing from rodriguez ) I want you to nod ! it take rodriguez a moment , but he nod . divinci pull he gun out of rodriguez ' mouth , get off he and holster he pistol . rodriguez be scared to death , not of divinci , of the mess they be in . he just lie in the dirt . divinci get the fuck up ! rodriguez start to get to he foot . divinci grab he , yank he up . pushes he to the car . divinci get in the car ! they move back to the car . rodriguez get back into the driver 's seat . divinci move around to the passenger side . get in , slam the door shut . int . unmarked car - day they sit silently in the car for a moment in the middle of the vacant lot . breathe hard . dirty . after a beat -- divinci there 's no fuckin ' reason to panic . rodriguez turn slowly and look at divinci incredulously . rodriguez no fuckin ' reason to panic ? do you say no fuckin ' reason to panic ! divinci stop be a idiot ! we be the cop on the case . it 's we case . we be go to find the fuckin ' killer . rodriguez we're the fuckin ' killer ! divinci since when do that matter ?! rodriguez stare at divinci for a beat , then we -- CUT to : ext . unmarked car - parked - day rodriguez and divinci be sit on the car , each with a beer and share a bottle of whiskey . divinci all they want be someone to go down for the crime , right ? do we care who go down for the crime ? fuck no . as long as someone go down for the crime . it 's a slot that 's gotta be fill . rodriguez be calmer , but still something bother he -- rodriguez we kill a cop , do not that bother you ? divinci of course it bother I . what d' you want I to do , turn myself in ? well I be not . that 's the risk we take everyday , somebody might pop we , especially undercover like that . so he get pop . it happen . rodriguez not by other cop ! divinci I pat he down ! he be not wearin ' a wire , he have no badge , no gun , how be I suppose to know ?! a moment of silence , then -- divinci look , I feel just as bad as you do , but we gotta start thinkin ' about we here . the important thing be we do not lose control of the case . we can never lose control of the case . whatever evidence there be go through we . we lay down the trail . make it nice and logical . we be the teacher and two and two can add up to five if it 's we classroom . rodriguez what be you talkin ' about , be you sayin ' we stick somebody with this ? divinci evidence point wherever we want it to point . shit , we can provide so much evidence , even the asshole we pick will think he fuckin ' kill he . rodriguez you get some asshole in mind ? divinci just do not worry . we will find a killer . there 's lot of them out there . CUT to : ext . STREET - day three african american youths , all in they twenty , be hang on a street corner . talk . normal street traffic . they give a long hard look to a attractive african american woman who walk past . a little chatter . the unmarked car suddenly screech to the curb . the black youth scatter quickly as divinci jump out and go after the tallest of the three . his name be jame . rodriguez gun the car and give chase on wheel . James dart across traffic . divinci run hard after he . rodriguez spin the car in a u-turn . Racing after they . ext . alley - same time James dart down the alley . narrow , dark , line with trash bin . divinci turn into the alley , but he be not go to catch he . James be almost to the end when the car turn into the alley , skid to a stop . rodriguez jump out , gun levele at James . no where for he to go . he slow down . rodriguez move in from he front , divinci run up from behind . James be disgust . jame what the hell would I do now ? CUT to : int . police station - evidence storage room - day divinci remove the package of cocaine and the .44 from the shelf . case number c-549087 . CUT to : the .44 - int . interrogation room - day sliding across a table to James , who stop it with he right hand . divinci and rodriguez be across from he . jame ai not my gun . divinci never be , be it . jame that be not my fuckin ' gun . he shove the gun back . divinci stop it with he arm , careful not to touch it . divinci get you fuckin ' print on it . James quickly realize what they have do . he lunge for the gun , but divinci pick it up quickly with a pencil through the trigger guard . James glare at they with murderous intent . rodriguez where be you Friday night ? jame Friday night ... last Friday night ? rodriguez where be you ? jame whatever you think I do go down last Friday night ? divinci better have a good alibi , James , or it 's good ali bye-bye . a beat , then James smile . jame I be in jail you asshole . check it out . ( start to laugh ) all night . what a couple a dickhead ! rodriguez and divinci be silent . CUT to : door - int . apartment - day kicked in on a grungy small apartment . divinci and rodriguez burst in , gun draw . scare the shit out of a hispanic man ( cortez ) and he half - naked girlfriend as they watch television . divinci and rodriguez nobody move ! hand in the AIR ! now ! move it ! CUT back to : the .44 - interrogation room - day sliding across the table back to rodriguez and divinci . cortez sit across from they . wearing white t-shirt , baggy pants . tattoos on he arm . cortez ai not my gun . rodriguez ( smile ) get you print on it . cortez ( stand ; angry ) you fuck , I be not never see that gun before ! rodriguez where be you last Friday night ? cortez fuck you . I wanna talk to a lawyer ! just want they want to hear . no alibi . rodriguez lawyer 's not gonna help you , cortez . all the evidence we get point right to you . cortez stare at they for a moment , then -- cortez do you say last Friday night ? cortez smile and pull up he shirt , revealing a long scar across he stomach . cortez intensive Care , you pindejo fuckin ' gutter shit . and Thursday night , and Saturday , too . I just fuck get out this morning . CUT to : man - ext . alley - day slamming into a wall , hit hard , fall back to the dirty garbage cover alley . he 's about twenty - seven , thin , blond hair tie in a pony tail . he wear a flannel shirt , jeans , boot . he do not want to fight . his name be dave . dave alright , alright , alright ... shit . I be not gonna fight you . he look up at divinci and rodriguez move toward he . CUT to : int . interrogation room - day Dave be behind the desk handle the .44 with no apparent problem . dave ai not my gun . rodriguez that 's what they all say . dave wish it be . no better gun than smitty and wes .44 mag with serial number file off . ( open cylinder ) get any bullet ? divinci walk around , hold out he hand for the gun . dave who do I kill ? divinci where be you last Friday night ? dave you mean , what 's my alibi right ? Dave spit on the gun , wipe off he print with he shirt . dave I be breakin ' and enter . jewelry store on seventh and Front , about nine o'clock . not even close to you jurisdiction . I get the rock to prove it . he drop the gun , clean of print onto the table . dave sorry I can not help ya . but one to five be better than ten to life . divinci and rodriguez stare at Dave . they be not happy . CUT to : mug shot - int . homicide squad room - day in plastic page . a binder full of criminal portrait . divinci be go through one book . rodriguez search another . divinci montrose lajolla ... rodriguez we pull he in last year for knife that dealer on 32nd . divinci yeah . almost kill he , remember ? he would be good . ( call out to another detective ) anybody see montrose lajolla ? another detective he 's dead . his life partner kill he in a domestic D about a month ago . rodriguez suddenly slam he book shut . rodriguez shit ! divinci look at he . rodriguez be angry , tense . divinci give he a look tell he this be not the time and place for a discussion on this topic . divinci take it easy . rodriguez this be not gonna work ! divinci lean toward rodriguez . divinci nobody say it be gonna be easy . but let 's not advertise we despair ... okay ? the phone ring . divinci pick it up . divinci ( into phone ) divinci . int . capt . henderson' office - day Captain Henderson be sit behind he desk . divinci and rodriguez be in front of he . rodriguez be try to hide he nervousness . divinci be absolutely cool . divinci this be we case ! not the goddamn dea 's ! capt . henderson it 's be three day . divinci we be not fuckin ' magician ! what the hell be three day ?! this be a goddamn murder case ! it take a little bit of goddamn time ! capt . henderson when a Federal undercover Officer go down , it 's never a fuckin ' murder case ! I do not like the dea on my ass any better than you like them on yours . but this be personal for they and they want answer . forget you other case and get something , anything that I can give to they . the last thing I want be the goddamn f.b.i. on my back , too . divinci and rodriguez be quiet for a beat , then -- divinci we have get a couple lead . we need a little more time . capt . henderson I can not hold them off much longer . rodriguez this be no fuckin ' way to run a investigation . capt . henderson let I tell you both something , if you do not solve this quick , they be gonna start askin ' why ? and they will be lookin ' to blame somebody in this department . so my advise to you be , get something fuckin ' fast or turn over what you have get and get outa the way . rodriguez and divinci be quiet for a moment , then -- divinci how much time we get ? capt . henderson a couple day . the funeral 's this afternoon . rodriguez what funeral ? capt . henderson for agent hudd . simm want you there . divinci what for ? we do not know he . capt . henderson how the hell do I know ?! it 's dea , it 's they thing . you be the cop on the case , I suppose they want you to know what a great guy hudd be so you will work all that harder to find he killer . just go . it will reassure them how much you care and keep them off my ass . CUT to : ext . cemetery - grave site - late afternoon mourner gather around the grave site . wife in tear . mother in tear . the man try they best to hold up . Beyond the family , dea agent . simm among they . a show of support and solidarity . a reverend deliver -- reverend -- and it be too easy to say that he be a good man in he job because he give more than most . and it 's too easy to say that he be a good man in he community because he give more than other . and it 's too easy to say he be a good man at home with he family because he be always there when they need he . special agent lionel hudd be not just a good man , he be a extraordinary man . and he death shall not be in vain . camera find divinci and rodriguez at the back . rodriguez look nervous . divinci notice . they conversation be quiet . divinci do not Humpty dumpty on I . rodriguez what 's that mean ? divinci you crack be startin ' to show . rodriguez ( cover ) bullshit . divinci see simm approach from the side . divinci get you balance . here come the King . rodriguez glance toward simm as he walk up . the conversation be quiet . not want to disturb the ceremony . simm glad you come ... anything break ? divinci glance at rodriguez . divinci nothin ' to brag about . but we have get a couple new lead we be followin ' . simm ... look , normally we would be all over this , but you Captain seem to think you can do the job . it 's you territory . I guess you know it better than anybody . and that can be worth a lot . but you understand ... we will not wait forever . divinci be piss . he do not like simm . divinci just outa curiosity ... what happen to he backup ? you guy use backup on undercover do not you ? simm it be a new lead . hudd be afraid backup would blow he cover . he be suppose to check in ten minute after the deal go down . he never check in . rodriguez we want this one as bad as you do . a cop 's a cop . we be in this together , right ? simm stare at rodriguez and divinci for a moment , then he return he attention to the ceremony . simm that 's why I ask you to come here . just so you know that . CUT to : ext . hot dog vendor STREET - dusk rodriguez and divinci walk down the street , hot dog in hand , return to they car park curbside . divinci he do not have backup . you believe that ?! Jesus what a dick . rodriguez I do not think we should criticize that particular decision of he . divinci I do not care what the reason be , you do not play Lone fuckin ' Ranger on a drug buy . you be just askin ' for it . that 's all I be sayin ' . rodriguez I do not trust that bastard . they be not waitin ' for we . that 's bullshit . they be runnin ' they own investigation . I know it ! divinci let them . the gun , the coke come from evidence . the car come from impound . so what 's to find ? rodriguez that 's what I be afraid of . there 's nothing for they to find . we be too good . divinci so what be you worried about ? rodriguez nobody be that fuckin ' good . divinci look at rodriguez , then smile . divinci except we . CUT to : stripper - int . strip joint - night bump and grind she way through she performance . we do not see she face yet . just she body . g-string and skin tight tank top . loud music . men in the audience appreciative . the room be smoky . light swirl over the stage . the tank top come off . whistle and cheer . and now we see the dancer -- it 's cynthia . int . hallway - back stage - night Cynthia move down the hall in she g-string and high heel . she enter the dress room . int . dressing room - night divinci be sit in the only chair in the cramped little room . he 's go through she purse . Cynthia stop when she see he , then shut the door . cynthia I think this be break and enter , be not it ? divinci I work homicide , I do not deal with that shit . cynthia ( put on robe ) learn anything you do not already have on file ? divinci yeah . you surprise I sometimes . here I think you be just a hard case and I discover you have get a heart of gold . ( hold up she driver license ) you be a organ donor . that 's really nice . the only problem be , they will never use you best part . cynthia I will make sure you get they . divinci hey , do not get I wrong . I be just surprised that we have something in common ... besides what we have in common . cynthia do everybody a favor , if you be gonna donate you heart , make sure it go to science . most people want one that beat . divinci Cynthia ... pretty name . what do the first three letter spell ? cynthia do not get so clever . it 's out of character . CUT to : int . cynthia' apartment - bedroom - night divinci and Cynthia be lie in bed . divinci have he arm around she , but he 's stare at the ceiling . cynthia what 's so interesting up there ? divinci nothing . cynthia then why 's it get all you attention ? divinci I be thinkin' , that 's all . cynthia about we ? divinci no . cynthia good . divinci look at Cynthia . divinci what if I be thinkin ' about we ? cynthia do not waste you time . divinci what if I be ? cynthia where 's it gonna get we ? divinci maybe I get plan . cynthia I do not wanna hear them . plan just make you think something 's gonna get better . I be fine now . I do not need to get screw up waitin ' for something good to happen . divinci I just want you to know , love be important to I . cynthia I , too . divinci but more important be loyalty . nothing be more important than that . not love , not anything . because loyalty be about respect . you can talk about love all you want , but without respect it 's empty . I mean the first thing that go in a marriage be respect . and once it 's go , forget the love . so I be tell you , I be loyal to you . like I be loyal to my partner . we be closer than blood . and I trust he with my life . Cynthia do not really expect this from divinci . she 's actually , despite herself , a little touch . cynthia why be you tell I this ? divinci when you ask if I be thinkin ' about we and I say I be not , I just want you to know that I do . a beat , then -- cynthia just do not ask I to marry you . divinci ( smile ) why be not more woman like you ? divinci lean in and they kiss . CUT to : ext . cynthia' apartment - night divinci exit the building . start to cross the street to he car park on the opposite side when he hear something behind he . he turn , instantly reach for he pistol . a drunk stagger out of the alley -- look like he have a gun in he hand . divinci instinctively raise he gun to shoot when -- the light -- catch the object in the drunk 's hand -- a brown bottle , the neck stick ahead like the barrel of a gun . divinci ( lower gun ) you fuckin ' idiot . the drunk stop when he hear the voice . look through he matte greasy hair that cascade in front of he eye . now we recognize Joe . divinci turn away , disgust . open he car door , then stop . caught in a think . he turn back and look at Joe again . ext . alley - night Joe stumble back into the darkness of the alley . lies down next to a trash bin . light suddenly illuminate Joe . Joe squint as a car move right up to he . Joe shield the light with a arm . we hear the door OPEN and close , then divinci bend down into the light . he be wear a baseball cap backwards on he head . and glove on he hand . he reach inside Joe 's jacket pocket . divinci what have we get here ? he pull out the Smith and wesson .44 . divinci look at Joe . divinci where be you last Friday night ? confused , Joe look up at divinci through matte hair . CUT to : int . car - drive - night ( early morning ) divinci drive . Joe up front . in a alcoholic daze . divinci's voice what 's you name ? Joe look at divinci . have trouble focus . divinci you name , what 's you name ? william ... Joe ... divinci where would you get the gun , Joe ? Joe look down at he hand -- he 's hold the .44 . divinci it be in you pocket , Joe , you coat pocket . you must keep it for protection , right ? william I do not know . divinci sure you do , Joe . everybody need protection . especially a guy like you life on the street , right ? Joe just stare at the gun . divinci put it back in you pocket , Joe . you do not have to worry about I , I be not gonna hurt you . Joe put the gun into he jacket pocket . CUT to : ext . STREET - early morning the location of hudd' murder . the street be empty . quiet . divinci stop he car next to where hudd die . int . divinci be car - early morning Joe be asleep , lean against the window . divinci reach across and yank he . divinci wake up , Joe ! I want you to look at something . out the window , Joe . look out the window . Joe 's eye open . divinci force he head to the window . divinci this be where it happen , Joe . I want you to remember it . this be where you kill he Joe try to turn to divinci , but divinci hold he head . divinci you remember it now ? how you shot he through the head ? you remember it ? william I ... do not ... divinci ( let go of Joe ) you will . divinci slam he foot down on the accelerator and -- the car -- tear off down the street . CUT to : rodriguez - int . bedroom - early morning asleep . alone in a double bed . the phone ring . rodriguez startles awake . catch the phone on the second ring . rodriguez who the hell be this ? intercut with divinci - int . motel room - early morning divinci on the phone in the f.g. Joe be pass out on the bed in the b.g . the room be dark . divinci be that any way to answer the phone ? rodriguez divinci , shit ! it 's quarter to six . divinci I know what time it be , I be not the one in bed . I need the photo of the scene . rodriguez now ? divinci I get a suspect . but he can not remember all the detail . he need a little help . and I think , since you be my partner , you might jump at the opportunity to lend I a fuckin ' hand . rodriguez sit up in bed . rodriguez he do not remember last Friday ? divinci he do not remember a lotta Fridays . bring the shot and pick up a fifth of vodka . ( glance at Joe ) make it two . CUT to : joe - int . motel room - day asleep on the bed . divinci time to get up , Joe . divinci slap he . Joe 's eye open . divinci I want you to look at something . the room be still dark . curtain draw . we now see rodriguez . he 's wear a black sock cap and glove . he hand divinci police photograph of the car , the street , the victim -- the murder scene . divinci pull Joe into a sit position . divinci there 's the guy and the street and the car . you remember how you shot he . Joe stare at the photograph and start to shake he head . divinci you do not remember ? that 's not what you tell I last night . Joe be confuse . divinci if you remember you can have a drink . Joe look at the bottle rodriguez hold out to he . divinci but you gotta remember how you see he drive toward you and you be in the street and you be afraid he be go to hit you so you have to shoot to protect yourself . you remember now do not you ? Joe stare at the photograph for a moment , then nod . divinci and where 's you gun , Joe , where do you keep you gun ? Joe think a moment , then reach into he coat pocket and pull out the .44 . divinci hand Joe the bottle and Joe drink . we push in on the bottle of vodka as the liquid drain away and we close in tight until we can see lionel hudd' face as we -- dissolve to : close up - the photograph hudd dead . blood on the window . the street . Joe be drunk again . in a haze . start to lift the bottle . rodriguez pull it away . rodriguez and divinci always stay behind Joe . rodriguez why would you kill he ? william I ... do not know ... rodriguez it be you gun . william ... I do not have a gun . divinci yes you do . in you pocket . william ... I be tired . divinci I know , Joe , it 's tough to remember thing you do not wanna remember . what about you last name , Joe . you get a last name ? Joe look up as if try to remember . or try not to . rodriguez come on , Joe , everybody 's get a last name . william I do not remember . rodriguez do not fuck with we , Joe . we be try to help you . what 's you last goddamn name ? Joe shake he head . william I do not know . rodriguez suddenly smack Joe on the side of the head when he try to look back . Joe be surprised by the blow . divinci push rodriguez back . shake he head tell he to back off . divinci ( to Joe ; friendly ) come on , we be all tired here , Joe . just give we you last name . william I do not remember . divinci ... okay , fine , what 's in a name ? but you remember the gun , right , in you pocket . Joe nod . divinci and you remember that you tell I you think he be go to hit you , right ? that 's why you shot ... william ... yeah . divinci look at rodriguez . rodriguez nod . divinci how would it happen , Joe , tell I how it happen . ( prompt ) you see he drive toward you -- william -- I see he drive toward I -- CUT to : int . car - night - lionel hudd drive . the night that he be shot . he look ahead into the darkness of the street . suddenly he sees -- ext . STREET - night a man stand in the street ahead of he . hudd - int . car - night smile and turn toward the man in the street . a .44 be pull from a jacket pocket , lift toward the approaching car . the gun be in the hand of Joe . he be scared . the headlight coming right at he . he aim and fire the gun . the front window shatter . and the car swerve to the curb . ext . STREET - night Joe watch from the street , then look at the .44 in he hand . back inside the motel room - night rodriguez lean into Joe who be now sit on the edge of the bed , look down at the .44 in he hand . rodriguez then what do you do ? ext . STREET - night Joe be in the street again . he do not know what he do . back inside the motel room divinci lean close to Joe from behind now . divinci you run . and now Joe can imagine it . we push into joe' eye . back to the STREET as Joe turn and run . as fast as he can away from the death . he look back over he shoulder , scared . joe' voice I do not mean to ... back inside the motel room Joe be stare at the gun . divinci and rodriguez watch he . william he be go to hit I ... I be scared ... he be go to hit I . rodriguez look at divinci . divinci that 's why you shot he . william that 's why I ... joe - back on the STREET - night aim the gun again at the approaching car . joe' voice ... shot he . and we hear the gun shot again , shatter the silence as we -- CUT to : the smoking .44 - int . abandoned warehouse - day hold by Joe 's hand , which be hold by divinci 's glove hand . divinci have hold Joe 's finger on the trigger and pull it . the gunshot be deaden in the old building . Joe be lie in the back seat of a car , pass out , with divinci hold the .44 in he hand . the back door be open . the engine be run . divinci helluva nice shot , Joe . divinci pull the 44 . out of Joe 's hand , then shut the door , get into the front . the car pull away , exite the warehouse . hand - int . interrogation room - police station - day signing a name at the bottom of a paper -- joe. beneath it be the type write name : joe doe . we pull back and see it 's Joe signing a typewritten page as divinci and rodriguez watch . Joe be a mess . when he finish he push the paper away and put he head down on the table . divinci pick up the paper and we -- CUT to : ext . cynthia' apartment build - day a small yellow Toyota with a bashed up leave fender pull to the curb . Cynthia get out lug she purse and a bag of grocery . we hear another car door shut . she turn . divinci be walk across the street from he car toward she . cynthia it 's the middle of the day . divinci give she a look as he take the grocery bag from she . divinci just talk . cynthia since when ? divinci lead the way into the apartment building . int . cynthia' apartment - day Cynthia open the door , pull the key out of the lock as divinci enter behind she with the grocery . divinci I need you to do something . cynthia good , I need the money . she shut the door . divinci deposit the bag on the table . Cynthia pick it up , move into the kitchen . divinci this be not a deal . where you goin ' ? cynthia I get perishable , okay ? Cynthia enter the kitchen and divinci follow . Cynthia start unload the grocery , put the milk , egg , etc. into the refrigerator . divinci the guy we do the last deal with be dead . Cynthia turn suddenly . cynthia what ? divinci somebody pop he that night , probably when he try to unload the stuff . I do not know . cynthia Jesus , do anybody -- divinci -- do not worry , there 's no connection . we get the guy who do it . Cynthia breathes a sigh of relief . cynthia you scared the hell outa I . divinci we just need you to do one thing . cynthia ... what ? CUT to : int . police station - day divinci and rodriguez be move down a hallway with Cynthia . she 's nervous . want very much not to be here . divinci he will be third from the leave . do not fuck up . third from the leave . cynthia what be I suppose to say ? divinci just look at them and then look at the man the third from the leave and say , it 's he . rodriguez and I will say , be you sure ? divinci and you say , absolutely . no question . cynthia this be all I need to do right ? divinci we have a sign confession . you i.d. he , he 's goin ' straight into the can . cynthia okay , okay . but this be it . I be not doin ' anything more than this . divinci hey , it 's a do deal . CUT to : int . police lineup room - day rows of seat face a small platform . the lineup wall be stripe with horizontal line with height number . the brightly light lineup be separate from the gallery , which be in the dark . uniformed guard be on hand to make sure there be no discussion , verbal or otherwise , between accuse and witness . six men file onto the platform . all shady character . a voice stop and face front . the six man obey . a couple keep they head down . the other squint from the bright light . the voice lift you head , look straight . head be lift . eye front . but we only recognize one of they , stand third from the leave . it 's Joe . divinci , rodriguez and Cynthia be in the gallery . divinci take you time . try and remember he face . Cynthia count three from the leave and ... wait a minute . she look more closely . just to be sure . rodriguez and divinci watch she . she 's obviously put on a good show . then she turn to divinci , sit next to she and whisper -- cynthia I know he . divinci be catch a little of guard -- he do not expect a private conversation , nor do he want one for fear of it look like he 's coach she . divinci if you can identify the man -- cynthia ( whisper ) I know he . divinci just tell we which one . Cynthia , frustrated , give divinci a look . cynthia no . I fuck know he . divinci still be not sure what 's get into she . rodriguez look over , a little annoyed . rodriguez what 's the problem ? divinci there 's no problem ! ( to Cynthia ; pointedly ) do you see he up there ?! cynthia ( aside ) you do not understand . divinci be lose he patience . he do not want to blow the whole thing now , not in front of guard and police personnel . the Guards be beginning to wonder what the hell 's go on . so be the men in the line . one of the men hey , come on , do it or do not ! the voice no talk . divinci lean in close to she . we can hear grumbling from the man on the platform . divinci pick the asshole out ! Cynthia start to protest again , but she suddenly feel divinci 's hand grip she arm . he 's have enough . Cynthia get the message . and while keep she eye lock on divinci she say -- cynthia third man from the leave . joe squint against the harsh light , try to see into the room , as if he recognize the voice . CUT to : int . hallway - police station - outside the lineup room - day rodriguez , divinci and Cynthia move briskly down the hall . none happy about what just happen . the conversation be strain . divinci you mind tell I what that be all about ?! cynthia I know he . he hang around my building . he life in the alley or something . rodriguez look at divinci . be this a problem ? divinci you do not think people that hang around you neighborhood can kill somebody . well let I tell you something . you do not live in a great fuckin ' neighborhood . divinci pull a paper from he pocket . divinci just sign the goddamn paper . cynthia what paper ? rodriguez you pick a man out of a lineup , you have to sign that you do that so they do not think we make it up . Cynthia just stare at rodriguez for a beat , then -- cynthia now why the hell would they think something like that ? divinci sign it . cynthia you say all I have to do be pick he out . divinci this be part of it . just sign it and you be do . cynthia how come you be so sure it be he ? rodriguez roll he eye . rodriguez Jesus Christ ! divinci he confess . cynthia bullshit . rodriguez we get it in write . cynthia he do not do it . divinci how the hell d' you know that ? be you with he at the time ?! you have a good goddamn alibi for he ?! rodriguez maybe she be blow he ! cynthia better he than you . rodriguez grab she arm and push she against the wall . divinci look around quickly to see who 's watch . divinci take it easy . rodriguez angrily throw up he hand and glare at divinci . rodriguez Fine , I get nothin ' at stake here . divinci give he a look , then lean right up next to Cynthia . divinci this be what they call a open and shut case . he do the kill and he 's go down . do not make the mistake of think you know the right thing to do . divinci hold out the paper . Cynthia hesitates a beat , then take it and sign she name . CUT to : joe - close shot - mug shot hold a number . the scene fade white with the flash . dissolve to : cell door - int . jail - day close on Joe who be stand in the small cell , face the wall , he back to we . the door be lock and we -- CUT to : int . evidence room - day as the .44 be place on a shelf . but this time it 's tag with a different number . m5114000 . CUT to : the signed confession - int . capt . henderson' office - day as agent simm read through it to the end . simm doe ? simm look across at rodriguez and divinci . capt. Henderson and two other dea agent ( hooper and sarkasian ) be also present . the dea be in suit and tie . rodriguez he would not give we he last name . simm he sign a confession but he would not give you he last name ? divinci he say he could not remember it . ( point to he head ) he 's a head case . agent hooper you run print ? rodriguez no prior . agent sarkasian ballistics match ? rodriguez we be wait . but a forty - four be use in commission . he have a forty - four on he . agent hooper it go down pretty quick . divinci it 's we street . capt . henderson I think they do a helluva job . suddenly simm slam he hand down on the desk . simm goddammit ! everyone turn to simm . he 's angry . rodriguez be uneasy . simm some goddamn piece a shit blow he away for nothing ! the intensity of simm anger quiet everybody . a beat as simm regains he composure . simm I be sorry . hudd be too good for this to happen ... I just do not think he would go down this way . simm cross the room to divinci and rodriguez . simm good work . thanks . he shake they hand . then exit . hooper and sarkasian follow they boss out the door . rodriguez , divinci and Henderson exchange a look . capt . henderson do I a favor . make sure this one stick . I do not want the d.e. asshole back in here . CUT to : headlight ( b&amp ; W ) come right at we . closer and closer . fill the screen . flame burst ( color ) from the barrel of a .44 in slow motion -- a fireball . the gunshot be deafen , like thunder . glass shatter in slow motion . joe cover he face with he hand to protect himself from the glass . but there be no glass . Joe be sweat , detox . Wild eye . he look through he finger , but there be no street , no dead man . just the bar of he cell . CUT to : glass of whiskey - int . cynthia' apartment - night golden liquid caress the ice . a hand lift the glass to red lip . the liquid disappear . Cynthia lower the glass , stare at it . divinci be voice ( filter ) Cynthia ... pretty name . what do the first three letter spell ? Cynthia suddenly hurl the glass across the room . the glass - slow motion shatter against the wall . and bit of glass , edge sharp tumble through space like ice . CUT to : int . police jail - cellblock hallway - day a guard lead a man in a dark suit and stripe tie down the corridor . he carry a briefcase . short hair and a beard and wire - rimmed glass . his name be elliot goff . guard Word be he kill a dea undercover ... ( no response ) Word be he shot he in the face ... ( no response ) Word be he sign a confession . elliot Word be everyone 's entitle to a defense ... no matter how guilty they be . they stop at the cell block door . the guard unlock the door . inside the cell we can see Joe on the floor in fetal position . shake from lack of alcohol . elliot oh shit . CUT to : int . infirmary - day elliot wait in the hall . finger impatiently drum he briefcase . the door open and a doctor exit the room . doctor he 's detox . I give he something to help he through it . elliot can I talk to he ? the doctor nod , open the door . elliot enter . int . infirmary - day Basic first aid station . Joe be on a table . eye close . elliot walk up . Doctor behind he . elliot Joe , can you hear I ? Joe 's eye open . elliot I be elliot goff . I be you attorney ... do you understand what I be say ? Joe 's eye close . leave elliot in the dark . CUT to : int . SMALL courtroom - day Court be in session . Old metropolitan courthouse . the prosecutor and he team be at one table . the defense attorney and he client be at the other . the prosecutor be a woman . her name be helen eden . she be thirty - nine . she wear a business suit . richard stein be she second in command . Richard be thirty - three . the defense attorney be fifty and a little on the portly side . his name be JOHN oblinger . but it 's the defendant that really attract we attention . his name be clyde D. dunner . he 's do he best to look like a law abide citizen , but no matter what kind of clothes he wear or how he slick down he long hair or trim he mustache , this sonuvabitch look like he would kill for a nickel . he 's on trial for murder . in the first . what a surprise . we be in the midst of open statement . and helen be keep the jury rivete . the preside judge be a woman , judge weinberg . helen -- when the defendant , clyde dunner , enter the house of George and Carol beaman on Friday night , a .44 caliber pistol in he hand . he enter the house with one thing in mind . to kill George and Carol , the people he blame for the break up of he marriage to Carol 's sister , Paula . the defendant be hardly listen . his attention be on two men sitting behind the prosecution table . and he turn to glare at they . the two man be detective rodriguez and divinci . clyde glare at they as if he would like to get up right now , walk over to they and cut off they head . actually , that 's what he 's think . he mouth " you die . " divinci mouth back . " fuck you , prick , asshole , dickhead . " then he smile . clyde boil . helen George and Carol be watch a movie when he enter the live room and open fire . George be kill instantly , hit in the face . Carol die later of three bullet wound to she chest . John oblinger , he attorney , catch clyde 's murderous look and instruct he , with a point of he hand , to pay attention to helen . clyde reluctantly turn he gaze from divinci . helen then the defendant , in he effort to cover up the crime , douse they with lighter fluid and set the house on fire ... Carol be still alive . a young man , look very upset , enter the courtroom , show i.d. to a guard , then make he way down the aisle . he try he best to be quiet , not to interrupt helen 's statement . helen lady and gentleman of the jury we will prove to you , beyond any reasonable doubt , that the defendant , clyde David dunner , be guilty of two count of murder in the first degree . helen look at the jury for a beat , then return to she table . judge weinberg the defense may now proceed . John oblinger stand to present he side of the case . but we attention stay with helen as she approach the table to find she team in a upset . they conversation be a tense whisper . richard stein -- Jesus Christ ! young man -- I do not know where ? richard stein be you sure ? young man they look all over -- helen what 's wrong ? richard stein they can not find the murder weapon . helen what be you talk about ? richard stein dunner 's .44 . they can not find the goddamn gun ! young man they lose it or something . misplace it , I do not know . they can not find it anywhere . helen ( no whisper this time ) what ?! a pause in the court . the judge tap he gavel in anger as we -- CUT to : int . helen' office - day rodriguez , divinci , Richard stein , the young man and helen . helen be furious . helen -- I do not have a goddamn case without the goddamn gun . his fingerprint , the ballistic , everything ! I have to have the fuck gun or he 's gonna walk . that murdering piece of filth will go free without the .44 . how could they lose it ?! rodriguez and divinci exchange a look . CUT to : rodriguez and divinci - ext . courtroom - day walk quickly down the step . rodriguez the dunner gun , you use the fuck dunner gun ?! divinci this be not my fuck up ! we shoot be suppose to be gang - related and unsolve ! only because we tag a goddamn undercover cop do we need the fuck .44 for evidence ! otherwise , we never woulda need it . so do not point you finger at I ! rodriguez alright , alright ... but how be we suppose to explain how the same gun be use in two murder case by two different killer when it be suppose to be in police custody ?! divinci we do not explain it . it 's not we fault they lose the evidence . ballistics be already complete in dunner 's case . all we need be another gun . CUT to : briefcase - alley - day as it open , revealing a dozen different handggun . the gun seller all my merchandise be in top condition . untraceable . the best money can buy . a black man in a three piece suit , pick up the .44 with a glove hand . his accent be british . the gun seller it 's get good knock down , but it 's slow . unless you have a preference for revolver , I suggest a nine millimeter auto . they be more expensive , but what they cost in money , they save in time . rodriguez and divinci look down at the gun . divinci the .44 . the gun seller eye they for a moment . rodriguez what ? the gun seller you look like police . divinci and rodriguez stare at the gun seller . then he smile . the gun seller no offense . CUT to : int . evidence room - day as the new .44 go onto the shelf . case number c-549087 . CUT to : int . jail - interview room - day elliot be wait , sit at a table , stare at papers in he open briefcase . door open and a guard lead Joe into the room . Joe look better , for the first time . his hair be comb . and he 's clean . he wear jail blue . but he be a little gaunt . and tired . elliot stand . the guard shut the door , leave they alone . elliot Joe , I be elliot , we meet the other ... well , you be not in very good shape . you look much better . Joe just stare at elliot . elliot have a chair . we need to talk . william about what I do . elliot yes . Joe cross to the table and take a chair opposite elliot . elliot Joe , before we get into what happen that night , I would like to check a couple of thing first . ( look at papers ) Joe be you first name , I assume Joseph ? william okay . okay ? not the answer elliot be look for . elliot what about doe ? be that what you tell the officer you last name be ? william I do not think so . elliot what do you tell they you last name be ? william I do not remember . elliot well , be doe you last name ? william I be not sure . elliot stare at Joe . this be go to be a little more difficult than he think . elliot do you know what you last name be ? william I do not remember . elliot Joe , I be you attorney , I be here to help you . it do not matter if you give the court you last name or not , they will still put you on trial . do you understand ? william yes . elliot so there 's no reason to try and hide you identity . ( Joe nod ) what be you last name ? william I would tell you if I could remember . elliot Joe Smith , Joe Jones , Joe dimaggio ... elliot hope he can trigger a response . Joe try hard . william ... I do not think so . elliot okay . look , we will move on . you understand the charge against you . they be serious . and if you be find guilty , you could go to prison for a very long time . william maybe I should . elliot what ? william go to prison . I kill he . I do not mean to . but he be go to hit I . elliot yes , I know , I read you confession . Joe , if you really feel you life be in danger , we might be able to use self - defense as we argument . but before we get into that ... do you have any family , Joe ? any friend ? william I do not think so . elliot Joe ... do you know what a psychiatrist be ? william yes . elliot have you ever see a psychiatrist ? william ... I be not sure . elliot Joe , you do not remember much about yourself . william no . elliot ... but you remember the night you shot the man in the car . william yes . elliot why ? william ... because ... I can ... I be sorry , I be not much help . elliot stare at Joe , then look down at the blank page in front of he . CUT to : int . SMALL courtroom - day the trial of clyde D. dunner in progress . prosecution team at they table . Defense team at they table . judge weinberg at the bench . divinci on the stand . clyde glaring at he . and jury listen to helen on the floor , prosecute with vigor . helen -- and when you approach the suspect in he apartment , do you identify yourself as a police officer ? divinci yes . helen do the suspect respond ? divinci yes , he do ? helen in what way ? divinci he start shoot through the door . helen the defendant fire six time , until he gun be empty . we would like to show you the weapon he use . helen cross to the prosecution table , pick up the .44 . she hold it up for the jury to see . helen and we would like to enter it into court record . it be the same Smith and wesson revolver he use to viciously murder George and Carol beaman . the .44 be duly enter into the record . clyde glance at " he " .44 as it pass into the bailiff hand . it 's a .44 all right . helen the prosecution would like to call Mr. Steven J. Allen to the stand . bailiff Steven J. Allen . steven J. allen , a short bald bespectacle man in he fifty , cross to the witness box where he be swear in , then sit . helen Mr. Allen , would tell the court what you do . steven J. allen I be a lab technician for the police department . one of my duty be to examine weapon use in violent crime . clyde 's attention be on helen 's legs . he 's bored by the proceedings , but something suddenly strike he . he look at -- the .44 smith and wesson -- on the evidence table . there be no black stain on the handle . steven J. allen I test the defendant 's revolver and match the bullet fire to the bullet remove from the decease . clyde that be not my gun . all attention turn to clyde . his attorney , the judge , the jury , helen , everybody be surprised by the sudden statement . judge weinberg I must remind the defendant that he be not to speak out when -- clyde that be not my gun ! the judge tap she gavel . John oblinger put a hand on clyde 's arm . clyde pull it away . and now thing happen very fast . clyde that ain 't my fuckin ' gun ! and clyde be move toward the gun . and the bailiff and guard be move toward clyde . and helen be move out of the way . and the judge be stand , bang she gavel . and the jury be scared . clyde you 're tryin ' to fuckin ' frame I ! clyde grab for the gun as the bailiff and guard grab for clyde . clyde turn and deck the bailiff and all hell break lose . clyde it ain 't my fuckin ' gun ! CUT to : int . men' room - day door slam open . rodriguez and divinci enter . rodriguez quickly check all the stall as divinci close the door . they be alone . when rodriguez finish with the stall -- rodriguez we gotta put the right gun back . divinci we can not put the right gun back ! without that gun , they will not convict Joe . rodriguez without that gun they will not convict clyde ! divinci I be not worried about clyde , I be worried about we ! rodriguez look , Joe 's never goin ' to trial , right . he sign a goddamn confession ! like you say , this one be open and shut . clyde 's the one we gotta worry about . we can not let he go back on the street ! he 's a fuckin ' psychopath . he will kill somebody again . divinci shit . how the hell do that piece of puke know it be not he fuckin ' gun ?! I do not think he know he own fuckin ' mother , but he know he fuckin ' gun ! rodriguez I do not think that 's important right now . CUT to : int . evidence room - day the harry desk Officer be fill out he usual paper work when divinci and rodriguez approach . divinci knock on the door . the desk officer look up . he 's have a tough day . desk officer sorry , divinci , can not do it . divinci what d' you mean you can not do it ? I gotta check something . desk officer you gotta get write permission from the Chief . rodriguez since when ?! desk officer since a hour ago when he come down here and chew I a new asshole bigger than a three car garage . divinci what 's the problem ? desk officer something about miss evidence or who the hell know . I just wanna transfer the hell outa here . divinci what the hell be we suppose to do ?! desk officer ask the chief . policy be not my department ! CUT to : int . SMALL courtroom - day Joe 's preliminary trial . Joe be seat at the defense table with elliot . another judge , judge harold pine , be behind the bench . no jury . this be a preliminary hearing to determine if there 's enough evidence for Joe to stand trail . elliot be shuffle papers in preparation for he open . and at the prosecution table be a very tired helen . she look completely piss off and wear out . in no mood for anything to go wrong . judge harold pine whenever you be ready . elliot stand . elliot we would like to plead not guilty to the charge of murder at this time for reason of insanity . helen give elliot a look . she do not need this . william but I do it . elliot turn to Joe . elliot yes , Joe . let I handle this . william but I sign the confession . elliot yes , Joe . do not worry about it . I be the attorney . helen you honor , can we have a moment ? judge harold pine Council may approach the bench . helen and elliot cross to the bench . helen you honor , my colleague 's client admit to the kill . I do not see any reason to go through a trial when it 's obvious he would like to plead guilty . elliot I do not agree . helen if he want to plead guilty , you have to let he plead guilty . elliot not if he 's not of sound mind . helen come on , elliot ! elliot I think he 's crazy . I know you think he 's just put it on , that 's d.a. standard procedure , but I do not think he be . so , you honor , I be stand by the not guilty because I believe he 's incapable of make that judgment . judge harold pine have you have a psychiatrist look at he ? elliot yes , you honor . ( hand he papers ) I think you will see that my diagnosis be not without warrant . the judge hesitates , then look at Joe . Joe be stare at he . judge harold pine I will review the finding and make my decision tomorrow . elliot thank you , you honor . ( to helen ) besides , I hear there 's a good chance of beat the charge for lack of evidence . helen 's look turn icy . CUT to : int . ethnic bar / restaurant - day Dark , smoky . not a place for the health - conscious . rodriguez and divinci at a corner booth . both with scotch and water . divinci nobody can connect we to the evidence thing ... we be clean there . rodriguez be quiet . divinci the most important one be this dea mess anyway . once that 's finish , we be completely in the clear . rodriguez you know we can not do it anymore . divinci ... yeah , I guess . rodriguez no , we be through . that 's it . divinci good while it last though . a hundred grand apiece . not bad for a few night work . divinci lift he glass in a toast to himself , drink . rodriguez I just wanna get through this . divinci we be gonna get through it . no evidence problem on this one . rodriguez I hope not ... I do not know , Frank , lately I be thinkin ' ... maybe what we do be not such a good idea . divinci hey , we take out a few scumbag , that 's it . nobody 's ever gonna miss that shitheel . they be all piece of garbage . not one of them have a sheet less than a mile long . drug , extortion , assault . they be all fuckin ' guilty as hell and still on the street , you know that . rodriguez except the cop . divinci yeah , except the cop . that 's part of the job . could just as easily have happen to you or I . rodriguez but we be cop , you know ? we fuck up . divinci we fuck up once . once outa ten . that 's not bad . ( a beat ) I be sorry , okay ? I be sorry . he be in the wrong place at the wrong time , what can I say . I be not goin ' down for it . rodriguez I know . divinci look , if we get pay a decent salary we would not be tempt by this , right ? and what happen when we retire ? you think we pension 's gonna take care of we ? shit no . we be on we own . I mean all I want in life be a goddamn fishing boat , a beach , a couple drink and some Hawaiian fuckin ' music . that be not much for twenty year put murdering asshole behind bar . I mean , the dealer , the pimp , the killer , they get no rule . we get all the fuckin ' rule . it be not fair . that 's all I be sayin ' , it be not fair ... for awhile , we make it fair . rodriguez downs he scotch . divinci quit thinkin ' you be a bad guy . you be not a fuckin ' bad guy . you make one mistake . let it go . rodriguez nod . a waitress come to the table . rodriguez order another . the waitress leave . rodriguez hesitates a moment , then -- rodriguez do you think we be corrupt ? divinci hey , I never take a fuckin ' bribe in my life . rodriguez I either . divinci nobody ever buy I . rodriguez I know . divinci no fuckin ' way . even the think make I sick . and what we do have nothing to do with be corrupt . it 's two completely different thing . do not get them confuse . rodriguez I guess you be right . divinci I be tell you . it 's nothin ' to do with corrupt . rodriguez I be worried , that 's all . divinci hey , you gotta worry a little . it 's natural . just do not lose you sense of humor . rodriguez my sense of humor , right . divinci the problem with people be , nobody give a shit about makin ' the world a better place . you and I , I do not care what anybody say , we make the world a better place . no matter what happen . there be ten less drug dealin ' asshole on the street today because of we . they be not plea bargainin ' they way back onto the street , they be not clogging up the court , and they be not cost the tax payer a fuckin ' penny because they be not in prison . they be garbage . and there 's nothin ' wrong with takin ' out the garbage . divinci downs he scotch . rodriguez nod , then -- rodriguez so , you think you will get back with caroline ? divinci shit. nothin ' I ever do be good enough , you know ? rodriguez never be , never be , never will be . divinci guess I gotta make the effort . it 's gonna cost I if I do not . rodriguez tell I about it . you know how much I get leave . divinci you be gonna think I be a idiot , but ... I like Cynthia . there 's no bullshit with she . I just fuckin ' like she . rodriguez I think you just like fuckin ' she . rodriguez smile . divinci look at he for a beat , then -- divinci yeah , that , too . CUT to : newspaper - int . cynthia' apartment - day with joe' photograph on the front page . headline : undercover cop gunned down by undercover killer . we pan around to Cynthia , sit in she kitchen , stare at the photograph . cynthia what the hell , Joe , at least you will not get run over . she fold up the paper and throw it in the trash can . CUT to : int . SMALL courtroom - day the dunner trial . the jury be back . helen , judge weinberg , clyde D. dunner ( who now sport a couple bandage to he head ) , he attorney John oblinger -- they be all wait for the verdict . judge weinberg the defendant will stand and face the jury . clyde stand . judge what be you verdict ? jury foreman we find the defendant , clyde David dunner , not guilty . helen close she eye in defeat . clyde smile . clyde fuckin ' a! CUT to : int . homicide division - day divinci be on the phone . divinci -- when be the last time you see he ? -- uh-huh -- and you have not see he since then ? rodriguez suddenly stride up . he look panicked . rodriguez we gotta talk . divinci ( into phone ) just a second . ( cover phone ) calm down . I hear . clyde walk . rodriguez no! ( lean in close ) they be takin ' Joe to trial . divinci stare at rodriguez for a beat , the reality of he statement take a moment to fully slam home . rodriguez they find he mentally unable to plead so he attorney plead not guilty by reason of insanity . divinci you gotta be kiddin ' I . rodriguez yeah , that 's I , I love to make people laugh . you hear the one about the two cop who pop the undercover dea ? CUT to : int . strip joint - night Cynthia on stage , in the middle of she routine . hoot and whistle from the all male crowd . but she 's not really into she performance tonight . she pull off the last of she clothing to applause and cheer . int . dressing room - night Cynthia enter . a asian man in sweat shirt and jeans be sit in the room . cynthia who the hell be you and what the fuck be you do in here ?! ( call down hall ) hey , bob , I got a asshole in the dressing room . ( to the man ) I suggest you get out before Bob get here . he do not like asshole . asian man you be Cynthia webb . cynthia ( call down hall ) bob ! the asian man stand . asian man but you be Cynthia webb the famous dancer , yes ? cynthia yeah , yeah , nice try , get out . the man move toward she , pull a paper from he pocket . he hand it to she . asian man I like you show very much . cynthia what the hell 's this ?! he exit . no answer . Cynthia stare at the paper -- cynthia a subpoena ?! for what ?! I do not do anything ! but the man be go . bob , a huge bouncer , tear past , give chase . cynthia ( stare at paper ) oh shit ... oh shit . he serve I ! he fuckin ' serve I ! CUT to : int . bedroom - night Dark , quiet . phone ring . a hand pick up the phone . man' voice hello . another man' voice detective divinci ? divinci yeah . another man' voice this be sergeant gardner down at the station . intercut with sergeant - int . homicide division - night the station be alive with activity . even at this early hour . hookers , pimp , pusher , drunk driver . some be book , some be release , some be obnoxious . sergeant gardner sorry to call so late , but I get a hysterical woman here say she need to talk to you about a murder . divinci turn on the light revealing a woman in bed with he . he pick up he watch , look at the time . sergeant gardner I tell she I could not call you at home , but she say that it be very important . a matter of , you know , life and death . divinci what 's she name ? sergeant gardner Cynthia . divinci perk up at the name . and now we see Cynthia in the police station try not to look as freak out as she feel . but she 's not hold together well . divinci tell she to wait , I will be right down . divinci hang up . start to dress . the woman groan . woman what the hell be you do ? divinci I gotta go down to the station . woman now ? what time be it ? divinci go back to sleep . woman Frank , this be no way to repair we marriage , you know ? she pull the cover over she head . divinci pull on he pants . CUT to : int . police station - 3:38 a.m. divinci push into the room . see Cynthia sit on the bench , look nervous as hell . smoke , tapping she foot , look around . just this side of a wreck . divinci hey ! Cynthia see he and be immediately on she foot , move to he . cynthia Frank , I can not do this . he come to the club . you gotta -- divinci not here ! he take she arm , lead she out of the station . int . police station parking garage - night divinci lead Cynthia out of the station to he car . cynthia I think you say all I have to do be pick he out ?! that 's what you say , that 's all I have to do . I do what you say . but that be suppose to be all . divinci shut up ! he open the driver 's door , push she in . get in behind she . int . unmarked car - night Cynthia be a bundle of nerve . divinci slam the door . Cynthia be startle by the suddenness of he anger . divinci what be you talkin ' about ? Cynthia open she purse and pull out the subpoena . cynthia they want I in court . divinci glance at the papers . cynthia you promise I I be not gonna have to do anything ! what the hell be goin ' on ?! this be yet another glitch that divinci have not count on . cynthia I can not do this , Frank . I can not go into court . I be gettin ' outa here ! divinci you be not get outa here ! cynthia well I can not go to court ! that be not what you say i'd have to do ! divinci well this wasn't supposed to happen ! now just fuckin ' calm down for a second and let I think ! Cynthia glare at he , then turn away , take a drag and blow out the smoke . cynthia Fine . think away . divinci hesitates as another car pull out . then turn to she . divinci look , you be a witness , that 's all . you get nothin ' to worry about . you see something happen -- cynthia -- what ?! what do I see ?! divinci I will tell you everything you gotta know . you understand ? everything . you will know exactly what to say . Cynthia look at divinci , unsure . divinci give she a confident smile . look , it 's another stage , that 's all . just like dancin ' . the unmarked car pull quickly out of the parking garage . CUT to : int . jail - meeting room - day elliot be wait . the guard open the door and Joe enter . Joe be look better . get he off booze have help immensely . elliot hi , Joe . you be look much better . william I guess jail 's be good for I . elliot nod , motion for Joe to take a chair . elliot Trial date 's be set for Thursday . william I have be think about what I do ... and I do not think it 's right that I try get off . elliot Excuse I ? william I want to plead guilty . I kill a man and I should be punish . elliot ... I be a little surprised . william why ? elliot nobody ever want to be punish for what they have do . it 's just a new concept . but I still think we defense be reasonable . I do not believe , under the condition you be in , that you be responsible for you action . william but why be I carry a gun ? I have no right to carry a gun . elliot if you have not be carry the gun , you might be dead . william and he might be alive . elliot I understand ... can I think about this ? william no . I have make up my mind . elliot stare at Joe for a beat , then we -- CUT to : yellow crime scene tape - ext . apartment build - day two murder victims lie in the street . police officer have the area under control . a few curious people have stop to watch . a unmarked car pull up . stop . int . unmarked car - day park . rodriguez behind the wheel . divinci next to he . rodriguez what if she take off ? divinci then we get no goddamn witness put he at the scene . rodriguez and what happen if she testify and nobody fuckin ' believe she ? divinci perjury , maybe . but that 's a fifty fifty . they might believe she . rodriguez shit , Frank , she 's a goddamn stripper for chrissake , who 's gonna believe she . I do not believe she when she 's tell the truth ! a officer walk to the car and knock on the window . divinci roll it down . divinci what ? officer ahh , we get two body out here and three more in the house . divinci so ? officer I be just wonder if you be gonna be the primary on this one , that 's all . divinci yeah , yeah , we be comin' . just give we some room . divinci roll the window back up . the officer back off . rodriguez she could blow the whole thing . she could tie we in and that would be it . we would be fuckin ' fry . divinci if it look like she 's gonna crumble we will take step . rodriguez what step ? divinci look at rodriguez . divinci one more chalk outline more or less in this city who 's gonna know ? rodriguez oh shit , Frank . divinci hey , hey , you think I like this ?! rodriguez we just can not go around killin ' everybody ! divinci just a second . look around . whatta we get here ? two stiff on the street , shot to shit , three more inside . that 's five chalk line in one night in one deal in one neighborhood in one city . let I fill you in on some statistic , we be not killin ' everybody . ( a beat , then --) look , this be strictly last resort . okay ? but let 's not kid ourselves . if push come to shove , somebody have to go down . if you get another candidate , I be willin ' to listen . rodriguez be silent . divinci open the door . rodriguez watch he , then he follow . to the scene of another crime . CUT to : int . cynthia' apartment - day Cynthia be in the kitchen , make herself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich as she watch Sally jesse raphael interview yet another moron on television . the phone ring . she take a bite of the sandwich as she pick up and mumble -- cynthia hello . intercut with int . office - d.a.' department - day Richard stein , the attorney , be on the phone . his office be cluttere with the myriad of case file he 's force to juggle . richard stein Cynthia webb ? cynthia ( swallow ) ... yeah . richard stein I be Richard stein with the District Attorney 's office . you be a witness in a case we be handle and I would like to talk to you as soon as possible . Cynthia put down the sandwich , she appetite suddenly go . richard stein ms webb ? cynthia yeah . richard stein any chance we could get together today ? cynthia ( nervous ) I be ah ... pretty busy . richard stein it will not take long . will you be home about two ? ( no answer ) ms webb ? cynthia yeah , okay ... two . richard stein good . let I make sure I have get you correct address . CUT to : suitcase - int . cynthia' bedroom - day as clothes be stuff into it . the suitcase be slam shut . and Cynthia head for the door . CUT to : ext . mansion - day a black convertible mercede pull into the circular , gated drive of the large two story home on immense manicure grounds . a BMW be park in front of the four car garage . it be be wax by car care specialist . the mercede stop and a man get out . he have gray hair and expensive clothes . he carry a briefcase and head for the front door . his name be arthur baylor . ext . mansion - patio - day a butler show Arthur to the patio where another man , nathan mccall , be seat behind a table , review document . mccall be fifty - five , wear glass . butler Mr. baylor be here . mccall look up , smile . william Arthur . Arthur cross . the two man shake hand . arthur Nathan . how be you ? william good , Arthur , thanks . would you like some coffee , juice . arthur no , I be fine . william well , this be all a bit of a mystery . you certainly get my attention with you phone call . what 's this all about ? Arthur remove a newspaper from he briefcase . open it . revealing the photograph of joe and the headline : undercover cop gunned down by undercover killer . mccall look at the paper . william be there something you want I to see ? Arthur point at the photograph . mccall look . a beat , then -- william oh my God . CUT to : int . bus station - day Cynthia board a greyhound . get the hell out of dodge . CUT to : int . cynthia' apartment - day we hear a key in the lock . the door open and divinci enter . he look around . divinci Cynthia . he move into the bedroom . see clothes strewn around and a half empty closet . divinci shit ! he head back into the live room . pull open the door and almost run into Richard stein who be just about to knock . divinci ( startle ) Jesus ! Richard stein be just as startle and it take he a moment to recognize -- richard stein divinci ? divinci be catch off guard . richard stein Richard stein , d.a. 's office . divinci oh , yeah , sorry . I do not expect -- what be you do here ? richard stein I have to talk with Cynthia webb . a witness in -- well , wait , be not you and detective rodriguez on this one ? divinci ( vamp ) yeah , yeah , that 's why I be here . I want to go over some of the detail . richard stein I , too . be she there ? divinci no . richard stein I be suppose to meet she at two . ( look at watch ) do you know she ? divinci what d' you mean ? richard stein well , I just mean , if she 's not here ... you be ... ( a little awkward ) ... inside . divinci ( force a smile ) oh , yeah , the legal thing . well , she 's a witness in a murder case . and when they do not answer a knock and the door 's open , it 's my experience , you know . I like to make sure there 's no dead body layin ' around . ( pull door shut ) do not tell on I . richard stein no , no , of course not ... well , maybe I should wait . she might be stick in traffic or something . divinci yeah . if she show up , let I know . I would like to talk to she , too . richard stein of course . divinci look at stein for a beat , then smile and -- divinci see you in court . richard stein right . divinci head down the walkway . Richard stein watch he for a moment , then look at the close door , then at he watch . CUT to : int . elliot office - day elliot 's office be a cramped space in the public defender floor of the criminal court build . a buzz of activity outside . the staff be overworked , underpaid and underappreciate . elliot be review legal document . knock on the door . elliot yeah . the door open and Arthur baylor enter . arthur elliot goff ? elliot look up and suddenly recognize -- elliot Arthur baylor ? arthur yes . elliot be stunne and flatter . he stand quickly . elliot Arthur baylor , oh my God . I ahh , would you ahh ... be you here to see I ? arthur yes . Arthur shut the door . CUT to : int . jail - interview room - day door open . Joe be lead into the room by the jail guard . Joe look even better now . his stay in jail have break he dependency on alcohol . his hair be clean and comb . and he 's not as depressed . he stop upon see elliot and Arthur at the table . both man stand . the guard shut the door . Arthur look at Joe for a moment , then say -- arthur William . Joe stare at Arthur as if fight a lose memory , then -- william ... yes . CUT to : int . district attorney - helen' office - day helen what be you tell I ?! Richard stein be face a not very happy helen . she be seat behind she desk stack high with case file . helen she miss the appointment ? she forget you be come ? what ?! richard stein if you want my best guess , I would say she split . helen she split , we witness split ... can not we keep we evidence and witness from disappear around here ? I mean what do I have to do , lock they in the trunk of my car ? what the fuck be go on ?! I want that bitch back here and on the stand or in jail ! Richard stein nod quickly . richard stein I will get she . and he exit fast . he do not like it when he boss be piss . and right now he boss be really piss . CUT to : ext . bail bond office - day a seedy side street near the courthouse and jail . the unmark car pull up and divinci get out . int . bail bond office - day the interior be sparse . several framed fight poster on the wall . all with manny ladrew , a young tough fighter in the featherweight division , in he best pose , explain where and when the next bout will be -- but all this poster be at least fifteen year old . two desk . one for the secretary , who be on vacation , and the other for manny ladrew , the ex-pugilist . he 's put on some pound in the intervene year , plus a add thin mustache . manny be on the phone -- manny -- yeah , uh-huh . ( take note ) why you think he would go there ? divinci enter . divinci we need to talk . manny ( cover phone ) just a second . divinci not just a second , now ! manny glare at divinci . he do not like divinci , never have , never will . but he 's a cop . cop 's you have to make room for . manny ( into phone ) I will call you back . ( hang up ) what d' you want , divinci ? divinci pull some papers out of he pocket , hand they to manny . divinci I get a witness who take off . I gotta get she back . I do not get a lotta time . manny you be the fuckin ' police . what be you comin ' to I for ?! divinci do not ask fuckin ' question , you just find she ! manny , annoyed , look at the papers -- photo of Cynthia include . manny where have I see she before ? divinci she dance . manny yeah , right , okay . so what would she take off for ? divinci I say -- manny -- I know what you fuckin ' say , but you want I to find she I gotta know why the fuck she take off ! so I know where not to look ! okay ?! divinci ... she 's suppose to testify . she get scared , think somebody might kill she , so she 's hidin' . that 's why I want you to find she . if somebody be tryin ' to pop she , I do not want anyone knowin ' where she be . manny eye divinci . he do not believe anything anybody tell he . especially in he business . manny how long I get ? divinci two day . manny shit , two fuckin ' day ! divinci find she , puss head . divinci glare at manny , then exit . manny watch he leave . manny sure , detective . always like to help out the police whenever possible ! CUT to : int . large courtroom - day Joe ( William ) be lead into the courtroom by guard . take he place at the defense table which include elliot and two young attorney . the prosecution table , which include Richard stein and helen be go over last minute minutia . people be take seat in the gallery . but another attorney join the Defense table . it 's Arthur baylor . and Richard stein double - take when he see he . at the prosecution table richard stein ( to helen ) be not that Arthur baylor ? helen turn . helen yes . they watch Arthur shake hand with everyone - elliot , the two young attorney and Joe . richard stein what 's he do here ? Arthur take a seat at the defense table and glance across at helen and Richard and nod . helen and Richard be stunne . helen what the hell ? bailiff hear ye , hear ye . all rise , face we flag and recognize the principle for which it stand . the criminal Court , Department G be now in session . the honorable harold W. pine preside . everyone rise as judge harold pine enter . in black robe . take he place behind the bench . he sit . bailiff please be seat and come to order . everyone sit . and even judge harold pine double - take when he see Arthur baylor at the Defense table . bailiff the people versus Joe doe in case number 95-24705 . judge harold pine before we proceed , I would like to ask the Defense if there 's anything this court should be make aware of . Arthur stand . arthur yes , you honor . I have join the defense in the representation of Mr. William dane mccall , otherwise know to this court as Joe doe . everyone turn to look at Joe ( William mccall ) . camera push in on he . it do not look as if he 's sure who he be yet . arthur I have represent the mccall family for several year before William mccall 's disappearance seven year ago . it be assume that he have die , but since he have reappear under this tragic circumstance , I would ask this court for a continuance to allow the defense to prepare adequately in light of he real identity now be know . judge harold pine how long do you need . arthur one week should be sufficient . judge harold pine any objection to a week 's continuance by the State ? helen I do not ... believe so , you honor . judge harold pine then I grant a one week continuance . we will start the proceedings next Monday morning . judge harold pine tap he gavel . CUT to : television news report - int . helen' office - day flash Joe 's photograph and scene of he be lead from the courtroom . helen and Richard stein be watch . they can not believe it . newscaster -- when it be discover that the man who have confess to kill a undercover dea agent , be actually himself think dead for seven year . the man who sign the confession as Joe doe be actually William dane mccall , brother of Nathan mccall . both be son of the founder of mccall International , a corporation involved in telecommunication , computer design and development and other related industry . the net worth of both man be estimate at over a billion dollar -- CUT to : int . unmarked car - day park on the street . rodriguez and divinci inside . rodriguez read the paper . rodriguez -- but William mccall shunne the business world and turn he life to medicine , receive he medical degree from Harvard in 1969 . once again he turn he back on the establish norm and spend several year in Africa perform organ transplant for the poor . rodriguez slam down the paper . rodriguez Jesus Christ , this be who you pick ? a goddamn surgeon who perform organ transplant on poor african ?! divinci he be live in the fuckin ' street ! how the hell be I suppose to know he be a goddamn doctor ?! rodriguez he 's not a goddamn doctor ! you pick a fuckin' Saint to pin a fuckin ' murder on ! divinci grab the paper away from he . both cop be angry , upset , frustrated and scared to death . rodriguez when we pick them , we really fuckin ' pick them . we shoulda just pick up the fuckin' Pope . divinci ( read ) -- he disappear seven year ago on September 19 two week after the tragic death of he wife and two young child in a multiple vehicle accident . at the time it be assume that he have return to Africa , but that be never confirm . what William mccall have be do for seven year be now the mystery that the court will try to help unravel . divinci close the paper . divinci alright , alright , let 's think here . what 's the worse case scenario ? rodriguez be you ask I if I can think of something worse than what we have do that we can still do , or something worse that might happen to we if this all blow up and we be convict and send to jail and die in the electric chair and go to hell ? divinci look at rodriguez . divinci work with I here . rodriguez I be sorry . I be a little on edge . would you repeat the question ? both man be quiet for a moment , then -- divinci even if the doc walk , there 's no evidence tie we to it . there 's only one person who can connect we to hudd . rodriguez okay , fine , I do not wanna argue about it anymore . let 's just fuckin ' kill she . CUT to : int . ball bond office - day ( late afternoon ) manny ladrew be pour himself a cup of coffee . his secretary be type up a letter at she desk . divinci's voice we need to talk . manny recognize the voice . he mouth a oh fuck to himself , then turn around to divinci who be stand in the doorway . manny be you fuckin ' with I ? divinci no , I be not fuckin ' with you . be you fuckin ' with I ?! manny you do not know ? divinci know what ? manny well this be a good one . you be a cop and you do not know . divinci stop it . manny cop get she . ai not that a gas . cop get she , you be a cop , and you gotta find out from I . it 's a crazy world we live in , do not you think ? divinci suddenly explode , go for manny , grab he , slamm he against the wall , he arm to manny 's throat . divinci cop ?! what fuckin ' cop ?! manny I do not know what fuckin ' cop . all I know be , my people get to she sister 's place and she be already go . her sister say some cop take she . I think it be you ! divinci glare at manny for a beat , then he storm out . secretary what a asshole . manny look down at he Secretary . manny you be a good judge of character . CUT to : divinci - int . homicide division - dusk at he desk , on the phone . divinci -- look , she 's we witness , if she 's in custody , somebody better tell I ! divinci slam down the phone . he sit quietly for a moment , then rub he face . rodriguez cross to he desk , sit down . divinci anything ? rodriguez nothin ' . nobody know nothin' . the d.a. think she 's go . d.e.a. do not know shit . divinci if she be bein ' hold by police , we would know . rodriguez unless she say somethin' . divinci if she say something we would not be sittin ' here . ( a beat , then --) I think it 's that lyin ' piece of shit . CUT to : manny - int . ball bond office - night get the shit beat out of he . the room be dark . two man be hammer on manny . throw he against the wall , pull he up and hit he in the stomach -- not the face . throw he across the room , over the desk . manny be too hurt to get up . divinci walk over to he , rub he glove hand . divinci do not ever lie to I again . manny look up weakly . divinci walk away . rodriguez open the door and they exit . CUT to : int . county jail cell - morning Joe be sit on he cot , stare at the floor . another man be in the cell with he , read a magazine . his name be duncan . Duncan look at Joe . duncan first trial , huh . william yes . duncan I get one piece of advise . when you break for lunch , do not get the pastrami . we hear the barred cell door open . guard time to go . Joe get up . put out he hand . they shackle he as we hear -- the bailiff voice hear ye , hear ye . all rise , face we flag and recognize the principle for which it stand . int . county jail cell - hallway - morning Joe be lead down the hall by two guard , past row of cell fill with other prisoner -- bailiff voice the criminal Court , Department G be now in session . the honorable harold W. pine preside . ( we hear people rise ) please be seat and come to order . ext . county jail - parking area - day Joe be lead to a wait prison van . he get inside . bailiff voice the people versus William mccall in case number 95-24705 . the van pull away . CUT to : the .44 smith and wesson ( clyde be .44 ) as it be introduce into evidence . helen -- when he pull this gun and fire at the driver of the car . killing he instantly . let the record show that this be the weapon use in the crime , a Smith and wesson forty - four caliber handgun . int . large courtroom - day Joe be sit at the Defense table with Arthur and elliot . the trial be underway . and they watch the .44 go to the evidence table -- the .44 with the black stain . Richard stein be seat at the Defense table . he , too , be watch the .44 . he lean across to he assistant . richard stein all this goddamn gun be startin ' to look the same to I . dissolve to : divinci - int . large courtroom - later on the stand , be question by helen . helen and when you arrest the defendant , do he deny that he have kill agent hudd . divinci no . helen can you describe the defendant 's condition at the time of he arrest . divinci he be drunk . we could smell the booze on he . but we draw blood . he do not object . helen we have the blood test report that show -- ( pick up report ) -- that he have four time the legal limit to drive . the people would like to enter this into evidence . they so enter it . CUT to : rodriguez - int . large courtroom - later on the stand . elliot be cross-examing . elliot -- and you arrest the defendant four day after the kill . what lead you to suspect Mr. mccall ? rodriguez you ask question . work the neighborhood . find out who be on the street that night . elliot yes , but specifically Mr. mccall ? he have no previous criminal record . rodriguez we find someone who would see he in the area . so we pick he up for question . we do not expect it to be he . but if someone see he in the area that night we would want to talk to he . if he be not the killer , he might have see the killer . just routine really . elliot where do you find the defendant ? rodriguez on the street . corner of third and madison . elliot what be he do ? rodriguez he be pass out . elliot but you know it be the man you be look for . rodriguez yes . elliot base on what ? rodriguez his description . elliot who provide you with the description ? rodriguez ( hesitates a beat ) Cynthia something , I think . elliot move to the defense table , glance at Arthur as he pick up a paper . Arthur nod approvingly . elliot look at the paper . elliot I believe she name be Cynthia webb . accord to the statement file the night she pick he out of the line - up . the name familiar ? rodriguez yes ... that 's she . elliot where do you find ms webb ? rodriguez on the street . same area . elliot and she agree to pick the defendant out of a line up . rodriguez yes . elliot where you aware that ms webb disappear after she be serve with a subpoena ? rodriguez yes , my partner and I try to contact she about the case and be unsuccessful . elliot thank you , detective , that 's all the question I have . rodriguez get up as we -- CUT to : int . ethnic bar / restaurant - night a waitress cruise past table to the booth in the back . she set down two scotch and water to the two man . rodriguez and divinci . the waitress exit . divinci pick up he glass . divinci to justice in all its form . rodriguez pick up he glass . rodriguez we be not home free yet . divinci without ms webb , there 's no place they can go . we still get the confession , the gun , the ballistic ... and I do not give a shit about all this African doctor crap ... the man be a drunk and he 's be a drunk for seven goddamn year . so let have a drink for drunk . rodriguez reluctantly lift he glass . they clink and drink . divinci that 's the thing about life . you control it or it control you . most people do not understand that . they try'n blame they fuck - up on something or somebody else . but it 's not like that . I do not wanna hear why you life 's a mess . it 's a mess cause you be a mess . that simple . they be waitin ' to live happily ever after . but after what ? after all the shit happen ? well , I get a clue for everybody , the shit never stop happen . so you deal with it or you get bury in it . I be not talkin ' about you , you know what I be sayin ' here . rodriguez yeah . divinci life do not work in mysterious way . there be not no mystery to it . you just work it . and you do not take it too serious . you can not take it too serious otherwise you get fragile . and you can not be fragile and have any fuckin ' fun . rodriguez you think I be fragile ? divinci that 's the first sign of trouble , when you start askin ' other people . rodriguez nod . rodriguez ... I just wish I know where the hell she be . CUT to : int . helen be d.a. office - night helen and Richard stein be work late . over take - out chinese . richard stein ( refer to papers ) -- so I think we will have to rely on the confession for he description of what happen . he will never take the stand , even if -- the phone ring . Richard pick up . richard stein ( into phone ) d.a. 's office ... what ?... when ?... where will -- Richard be surprised . he turn to helen . richard stein they find Cynthia webb . helen where ? richard stein I do not know . helen when ? richard stein I do not know . helen well who the hell be that ? richard stein I do not know . they hang up . Richard hang up the receiver . he and helen exchange a look . helen what the fuck be go on ?! CUT to : int . large courtroom - day helen you honor , the people call Ms. Cynthia webb to the stand . various reaction rodriguez and divinci be stunne . Cynthia ? elliot be completely surprised . Cynthia ? Arthur be never shake by anything . the courtroom door open and Cynthia be lead down the aisle by a sheriff' deputy . she move to the chair . but it 's Joe 's turn to double take . he remember she . my God , he know she . it 's Cynthia -- the girl from the apartment building . he never see who point he out , but he never expect it to be she . bailiff raise you right hand . Cynthia raise she hand . but she look go right to Joe . stare at he . she 's never see Joe like this -- clean up , trim , handsome . she 's not sure she even recognize he . bailiff you swear to tell the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help you God . she turn she eye from Joe . cynthia sure . bailiff you may be seat . Cynthia sit down . look at divinci . and Joe lean across to Arthur and elliot . they conversation be in whisper -- william I know she . elliot she 's the woman who identify you . william no . I mean I know she . arthur ... how ? william I be not sure ... I think I live near she . Arthur exchange a look with elliot . Arthur turn now and look at Cynthia . the wheel be turn . helen please state you name for the court . cynthia Cynthia webb . helen do you see the man that you identify in a police line - up in this room . cynthia yes . helen be it the defendant , Mr. mccall ? Cynthia look at Joe . Joe look straight at she . Cynthia turn she eye away . cynthia yes . helen please describe what you see the night of September 14th . cynthia I be comin ' out of a all night minimart -- CUT to : ext . STREET - mini mart - night Cynthia come out of a all night mini - mart with a bag of food . she walk down the street and suddenly we hear a gunshot . follow by a car crash . she turn toward the sound . and we hear running footstep . then we see a man run . he have a pistol in one hand . Cynthia watch the man run past and disappear into the darkness . CUT back to : int . large courtroom - day Cynthia be look at helen . helen and you be positive the man you see with the gun be the defendant . instead of look at Joe , Cynthia turn to rodriguez and divinci who be seat in the row behind the prosecution table . they be look right at she . they wait for she answer . cynthia yeah . helen no further question . divinci offer she a small smile . Cynthia turn away . Arthur be now stand in front of she . arthur miss webb ... be it miss ? cynthia yes . arthur miss webb , have you ever see the defendant before that night , the night you describe to we ? cynthia no . arthur do you know what perjury be ? cynthia when you lie . arthur when you lie under oath in a court of law . do you know what the penalty for that be ? cynthia you go to jail . arthur yes ... Cynthia , have you ever see the defendant before that night ? helen objection . the witness have already answer that question . judge harold pine sustain . arthur I just want to give the witness the opportunity to remember if she could have see Mr. mccall anyplace else before the night in question . divinci stare at Cynthia . as if willing she to give the answer he want she to give . judge harold pine Ms. webb , do you understand the consequence of perjury ? cynthia yes . judge harold pine let 's get on with it then . arthur what do you buy the night you go into the mini-mart ? cynthia what do I buy ? arthur you remember see Mr. mccall that night and hearing the gunshot and a car crash . I just wonder if you remember what you buy in the mini-mart . cynthia ... shampoo I think . arthur that 's all ? cynthia yes . arthur where do you live ? cynthia 4356 17th street. number 37 . arthur be that close to where this mini - mart be ? cynthia Close ? sort of . arthur how far would you say ? cynthia I do not really know . arthur within walk distance ? cynthia no ... I do not think so . arthur do you walk there that night or drive ? cynthia I ahh ... drive . arthur you drive . but when you leave the mini-mart you state that you walk down the street . cynthia yeah . arthur how far ? cynthia ...to the corner . helen objection . you honor , I do not see a point to this line of question . judge harold pine be there a point ? arthur yes , you honor . since this be the only witness , I be try to establish what the scene be like that night . judge harold pine try to get there as quickly as possible . arthur ( to Cynthia ) and how far away from the corner be the mini-mart ? for example be it in the middle of the block , close to the corner , where ? cynthia in the middle I think . arthur so you walk all the way to the corner . I assume then you be walk back to you car , yes ? cynthia ... yeah . arthur be there a reason you park so far away ? cynthia ( get nervous ) um ... there be lot of car park on the street . arthur be there anyone else on the street besides you ? cynthia no . arthur lot of car , but no people . any traffic ? cynthia I do not remember . arthur so you be the only person to see Joe on the street that night ? cynthia I do not see anybody else . arthur so you hear a gunshot , a car crash and a man run with a gun in he hand . cynthia yes . arthur what do you do then ? do you call the police , 911 ? cynthia I go home . arthur you go home . straight home ? cynthia yes . arthur and you be sure it be Joe you see that night ? cynthia yes . arthur when you go home . cynthia yes . Arthur pause . arthur when you go home you see Joe ? Cynthia realize what she 's say . cynthia no . helen objection . Defense be try to confuse the witness . arthur I be not try to confuse the witness , it 's the witness that 's try to confuse the court . I have witness who will refute she testimony . witnesses who be on that corner the night of the shoot , who never see Ms. webb , who never hear the gunshot , who never see Joe run past . ms webb see Joe outside she apartment building that night because he live in the alley next to it . be not that right , ms webb ? Arthur turn dramatically to Cynthia . she be scared . helen objection ! everyone 's attention be on Cynthia . arthur when I refer to he as Joe , you know who I be talk about , do not you . this case be the people versus Mr. William mccall . not Joe . Joe have never be mention in this trial . how do you know who I be talk about , Ms. webb ? Cynthia look from Arthur to divinci . divinci be freeze . rodriguez be sweat . then Cynthia turn and look at Joe . Joe look at she , feel sorry for she . not hat she . arthur Ms. webb , how do you know that Joe be the defendant ? Cynthia lower she eye to the floor . cynthia he live in the alley next to my apartment building . helen and Richard stein be stunne yet again . helen ( to herself ) oh shit . divinci and rodriguez be do they best to remain cool , calm and collect . arthur why do you lie to this court ? cynthia I do not know . arthur be you afraid of somebody ? cynthia I do not know . arthur be you protect somebody ? cynthia I do not know . judge harold pine answer the question , Ms. webb or I will be force to cite you for contempt . Cynthia look up at the judge . she 's not talk . CUT to : cynthia have she mug shot take . holding a number . on the flash -- CUT to : int . unmarked car - STREET - day driving . rodriguez she do not talk . divinci do not hold you breath . rodriguez you think she will talk . divinci I know she will talk . rodriguez we will make it look gang related . divinci Problem be we be gonna need another gun . rodriguez the problem ?! have you forget ? she 's in fuck jail . that 's the goddamn problem . divinci since when be be in jail a guaranty of a long life ? you just get a fuckin ' gun . ext . STREET - day rodriguez get out of the car . divinci pull away , drive into traffic . rodriguez head into the Station . CUT to : int . bail bond office - day divinci enter . manny look up from he desk . his face be bruise and bandage . manny oh shit . I do not do anything ! divinci everything 's fine , manny . I just come to apologize . ( look at secretary ) we need some privacy ... manny look at divinci , then motion for he Secretary to take a walk . she get up , exit . divinci just one more favor . I want you to bail somebody out of jail . manny you be kiddin' . divinci bail 's twenty - five thousand . divinci pull out a piece of paper . divinci I want she out tonight . and do not tell she who . it 's a surprise . manny and how be I payin ' for this ? they do not take american Express . divinci pull a plastic bag fill with cocaine out of he pocket -- toss it onto manny 's desk . divinci I know you know how to exchange that . it 's worth a lot more than twenty - five grand . you can keep the change . ( point to cocaine ) I want she back in two hour ... or I will nail you for possession . manny how would you get to be such a prick ? divinci DNA . divinci exit . manny what a piece of shit . CUT to : int . county jail cell - night Cynthia sit alone in she cell . CUT to : int . county jail cell - night Joe lie on he cot . but even though he be in jail for murder , he be no longer the bum . this be a new man now . clean shaven . Hair cut . prison clothes neat . Duncan roll over on he cot . duncan you do not have to say nothin' , but ... you really a doctor ? william ... I be ... a surgeon . duncan no shit , no shit , really . a surgeon . I know I be nobody to judge , but you musta be a smart guy . what the hell 's a smart guy like you doin ' in here ? Joe look up at Duncan , hesitates , then -- william ... I have a affair with another woman ... a nurse at the hospital I work at . it be nothing ... I can not even remember much about she ... except my wife find out . we have a fight . she leave the house , take the kid ... she be hysterical . I should have do something ... go after they , I do not know ... they be kill in a car accident about a mile from the house ... I have never tell anybody that ... about why she leave . Duncan nod . duncan hey , doc , you can trust I . it will not go no farther . CUT to : ext . 6th STREET outside station - night rodriguez be outside the Station . look nervous and upset . the unmark car pull up . rodriguez move for the car . he get in and the car pull away . int . unmarked car - night divinci drive . rodriguez sweat . divinci notice . divinci you get the gun ? rodriguez I get it . divinci everything okay ? rodriguez be you kid ? we be go to kill a goddamn witness who 's in fuck jail because we kill a undercover dea agent . I be sorry , but this kinda shit trouble I a little . divinci take off the dress and get back in the game . we gotta do what we gotta do . rodriguez yeah . I know . let 's just get it over with . divinci glance at rodriguez . he 's more nervous than normal . CUT to : ext . county jail - front - night manny walk out of the jail building . Cynthia be with he . cynthia I do not understand . why can not you tell I who put up the bond ? manny look , a guy come in , say bail she out , give I the money , I do it . that 's how I make my live , I bail fuckin ' people outa jail . you wait with I . cynthia be it a cop ? manny yeah , right . cop bail people outa jail all the time . do not there seem to be a dichotomy there for you ? cynthia I do not like this . manny you wanna stay in jail , that 's up to you . or you come with I . cynthia what would he look like ? manny you be a stripper right ? lotta guy fall in love with you type . but they do not know how to get close , know what I mean ? somebody want you to owe they something . ( shrug ) take it or leave it . manny start down the step . Cynthia hesitates , then follow . int . unmarked car - parked down the STREET - night divinci and rodriguez watch Cynthia get into the car with manny . rodriguez this be the last time , Frank . the last time we kill somebody . divinci yeah , it 's the last time . rodriguez this will be eleven , Frank . eleven be enough . divinci I get the picture . divinci look at rodriguez . he 's stare out the window , but he look ill . something be not right with he . rodriguez it be all okay until you shot hudd . divinci what 's goin ' on here ? you mad at I or something ? rodriguez it be not my idea to start kill people , Frank . that 's all I be sayin ' . we be in this goddamn mess because you start kill people . divinci drug dealer do not qualify as people . never do , never will . so what the hell 's wrong with you tonight ? you suddenly worried about where all the money go ? rodriguez I be just sick of it , that 's all . divinci stare at rodriguez for a beat , then start car . CUT to : ext . alley - night the unmark car turn off the street onto the side street and stop . the light go out . int . unmarked car - night rodriguez what be you doin ' ? divinci I need some fresh air . divinci exit . rodriguez hesitates , then get out with he . ext . alley - night rodriguez Frank -- divinci talk to I , okay ? just fuckin ' talk to I . rodriguez hesitates a moment , then -- rodriguez I do not know ... I owe some money . I do not know how I be gonna pay it ... divinci you gambling again ? rodriguez yeah , yeah ... I just could not ... Frank ... let 's forget about this . let 's just get the fuck outa here . we get enough money , let 's go . we will get outa the country or something . divinci turn toward rodriguez . and he 's get he pistol out . rodriguez what the hell be you doin ' ?! divinci take off you shirt . rodriguez what be you talkin ' about ? divinci just take off you shirt . if there 's nothin ' to worry about , then I will apologize . but I be not gonna argue . take off you fuckin ' shirt now . rodriguez what be this , you piece of shit ?! you do not trust I ?! be that it ?! you don't fuckin ' trust I after all we've be through ?! divinci ... take off you shirt . rodriguez fuck you , you do not trust I . divinci I be askin ' you one more time . rodriguez you wanna shoot I ? shoot I . divinci hesitates . he do not want to . this be he partner . a beat , then he lower he gun . divinci okay , I be sorry . you be right . I be fuckin ' nervous . like you . forget it . this thing ... shit . let 's just get it over with . divinci holster he gun . rodriguez hesitates , breathes a sigh , then return to the car . they both get back in . int . unmarked car - night divinci start up the car . divinci I will just feel a whole lot better when she 's dead . then we be off the hook . rodriguez right . divinci start to shift gear , but suddenly throw he elbow into rodriguez ' face . and divinci be all over he like a tornado . slam a fist into he face repeatedly . he grab he shirt and rip it open revealing the tape recorder strapped to he body , recording they every word . divinci you fuckin ' rat ! divinci put he revolver to rodriguez ' head . rodriguez , bleed from the mouth and nose , look at Frank . rodriguez yeah ... yeah ... I be , I be a fuckin ' rat ... I trade you , Frank , I fuckin ' trade you ... simm know everything . divinci pull back the hammer , ready to blow rodriguez ' head off . rodriguez just fuckin ' shoot I , get it the fuck over with ! I deserve it ! I fucking deserve to die ! divinci be ready to pull the trigger . divinci you be fuckin ' right . divinci rip the wire off the recorder . rodriguez close he eye , wait for the end . a tense moment , then -- divinci ... get out . rodriguez open he eye , look at divinci , who be still hold the gun to he head . another moment , then -- rodriguez Frank -- divinci ( calm ) get outa the car now ! a beat , then rodriguez get out . divinci look up at he partner . divinci this be why you can never -- ever -- lose you sense of fuckin ' humor . ext . alley - night the car tear away , leave rodriguez alone in the alley . CUT to : the key - inserted into the door lock - night rodriguez push open the door to he apartment , enter . shut the door . stands alone in the room for a moment , then suddenly erupt in rage . ripping off he coat , rip off he shirt , rip off the tape recorder tape to he chest . he throw the recorder on the ground . stomp on it until it 's shattered into piece . he stare at the break recorder . man' voice ( VIC ) I guess we catch you at a bad time . rodriguez spin around . Vic step into the moonlight stream in through the window . behind he be cutless Supreme . VIC but we all have problem . rodriguez suddenly yell and charge they . he tackle Vic . but in the darkness we can not see anything . until the explosion of a gun and the flash of flame light up the room . a moment of silence then -- VIC oh shit . you shot he , you fuckin ' shot he ! two man stumble to the door . leave one on the floor . the door be flung open and Vic run out . follow by cutless Supreme . CUT to : crime scene tape - int . rodriguez apartment - early morning the crime scene be swarm with cop , dea and FBI . the task of evidence collection in progress . rodriguez ' body on the floor . agent simm be stand over the body with agent sarkasian . agent sarkasian divinci musta figure it . I do not think he would kill he own partner though . simm he 's a animal . dea agent hooper come up behind simm . agent hooper recorder bust up . but we might be able to salvage some of the tape . simm I want he . you understand I , I do not care what it take . I want that sonuvabitch ! simm head for the door . sarkasian and hooper follow . CUT to : ext . bail bond office - morning a car pull up in front . int . bail bond office - morning it be deadly quiet . we pan slowly around the office until we find manny in he chair , sprawle back . continue to pan until we see Cynthia sprawle on the couch . but no sign of blood . just the body . the door open . two men enter . all we see be gun in hand . Cynthia and manny wake up with a start . manny be scared . manny shit ! who the fuck're you ?! a badge come out . and now we see Agents hooper and sarkasian . agent sarkasian Ms. webb . we would like you to come with we . Cynthia look at manny . she 's piss . cynthia this be the big secret ? shit . you be a asshole . Cynthia put she coat on and head for the door . manny do not know what the hell be go on . CUT to : int . interrogation room - federal bldg . - day Cynthia be in with Agents simm , hooper and sarkasian . simm who set it up ? cynthia I do not know . agent hooper it be divinci be not it ? cynthia I do not know . simm which one pull the trigger ? divinci or rodriguez ? cynthia I do not know . agent simm look right into Cynthia 's eye . simm detective rodriguez be dead . he be shot in the head last night . this get Cynthia 's attention . simm rodriguez be wear a recorder . divinci find it . you can do addition , can not you . cynthia you be full of shit . agent sarkasian just tell we what you know . Cynthia look at both of they . cynthia where 's divinci ? simm we do not know . but we be gonna find he . cynthia you be gonna find he ? ( smile sarcastically ) right ... I do not know a fuckin ' thing . simm stare at she for a moment , then turn to hooper and nod . hooper take Cynthia 's arm and lead she out of the office . when the door close -- simm get a copy of the tape to bailor . but make sure it do not come from we . CUT to : int . county jail cell - day Cynthia be alone in she cell . we hear footstep . she look up as the guard approach . guard you attorney 's here . cynthia what attorney ? int . room - county jail - day Cynthia enter the office . the Guard shut the door . Cynthia find herself face Arthur baylor . a tape recorder on the table in front of he . arthur hi , Cynthia . please sit down . cynthia I get nothin ' to say . arthur so I be tell . Arthur push the tape recorder and we hear -- divinci be voice ... take off you shirt ... rodriguez's voice fuck you , you do not trust I . divinci's voice I be askin ' you one more time . rodriguez's voice you wanna shoot I ? shoot I . divinci be voice okay , I be sorry . you be right . I be fuckin ' nervous . like you . forget it . this thing ... shit . let 's just get it over with . I will just feel a whole lot better when she 's dead . then we be off the hook . Arthur watch Cynthia 's reaction to " when she 's dead . " but Cynthia have see enough not to be too shocked by anything . and she reaction be subtle . she know better than to reveal what she 's really feel and think . rodriguez's voice right . divinci be voice you fuckin ' rat ! rodriguez's voice yeah ... yeah ... I be , I be a fuckin ' rat ... I trade you , Frank , I fuckin ' trade you ... simm know everything . just fuckin ' shoot I , get it the fuck over with ! I deserve it ! I fucking deserve to die ! divinci be voice you be fuckin ' right . the recording end . Arthur shut off the machine . arthur I think you know my client be innocent . that 's all I care about , my client . but I understand why you be scared . you be already face perjury charge . my guess be , you involvement be deeper than that . but I do not really care , I be not after you ... I get nothing if you go to jail . but I think if I help you , I can help my client . cynthia ...how ? arthur William -- Joe -- do not do it , do he ? Cynthia hesitates , then shake she head . arthur why do not you sit down . a beat , then Cynthia pull up a chair . CUT to : agent simm - int . office - day angry . simm no goddamn way ! I be not go to grant that whore immunity . she lie on the stand , she 's protect somebody . and she 's involved . I want they all . Arthur , who be sit across from he , stand . arthur before I leave , let I remind you that you have shit for a case . if you really care about see justice for you dead agent , do not blow this deal . immunity for she testimony be a small price for a bad cop . it 's the only way she 's go to talk . simm glare at Arthur . arthur and William mccall walk , right now , all charge drop . simm hesitates , then -- simm if what she say be any good , I will deal . if it be not , then nobody go anywhere . CUT to : int . hallway - criminal court build - day Cynthia be lead down the hall by guard . they enter a office . int . office - criminal court build - day Agents simm , hooker , sarkasian and two technician be wait inside with Arthur . Cynthia be lead into the room . the guard withdraw , close the door . Cynthia look at the man , then at the tape recording equipment on the table and the empty chair . a microphone be wait . Cynthia look at Arthur , then sit down in the chair . CUT to : ext . criminal court build - day reporter swarm around Arthur and Joe as they exit the courthouse . reporter how do it feel to be a free man again ? Arthur and Joe head down the step to a wait limousine . reporter do you remember everything that happen to you ? what be you plan ? william I just want to go back to work . reporter as a surgeon ? william yes . reporter what about the sign confession , do the police coerce you into signing it ? arthur I be sorry , no more question . they get into the back of the wait limo and it pull away . int . limousine - day Nathan be in the back , stare at Joe . Arthur sit next to joe. Nathan smile . Joe smile . nathan good to have you back , will . william ... I would like to make one stop . nathan I know . CUT to : ext . cemetery - day the limousine be park curbside . Nathan and Arthur wait . watch Joe walk across the lawn . he stop , look down . the grave stone be for he wife and two child . he sit down beside they . it 's very near where agent hudd be bury . CUT to : ext . the mccall mansion - dusk giant party in progress . expensive car park along the drive . int . mccall mansion - dusk fill with well - wisher in tux and gowns . Arthur bailor and elliot in attendance . elliot be not use to this much glory , but he 's take credit where where he can -- with one of the pretty young women . elliot -- you know , it just do not make sense , a man want to be punish for a crime ? how many time do that happen ? once in a lifetime , I can tell you . camera move to Arthur , who be also receive he share of the credit . arthur -- to tell the truth , I have no other witness to refute she testimony . but she do not know that . all we know be that she be reluctant to testify . you look for sign . and camera continue to Joe and Nathan . a man my God , we think you be dead , you know . it 's just incredible that you be here . a woman life move in such strange way . oh , I just think what might have happen to you have you not be arrest for kill that poor policeman . you still might be on the street . Joe just take it all in , smile and nodd . another woman Joe , you look wonderful . after what you have be through ... I just can not imagine . another man ( sinclair ) when you be ready to come back to work , let I know . I have already speak to the board , they be ready to be - certify you anytime . I can put you in the emergency sector until you get warm up . we all want you back . we can not afford to waste someone of you talent . a beat , then Joe smile . william ... I be ready . a black tuxedo wipe past camera as we -- CUT to : black screen . we hear the pounding of the music -- a familiar rhythm . and in graffiti across the screen : four month later ext . strip joint - night the neon blare as usual . int . strip joint - night and there 's Cynthia . back bump and grind to the music . he life have not change at all . and she know it . but there 's nothing else she can do . CUT to : int . cynthia' apartment - night ( early morning ) door open . Cynthia enter . shut the door . tries the light . it do not go on . suddenly a man be next to she -- man' voice ( divinci ) I guess you have no choice . Cynthia try to move , but a hand grab she arm . and now we see divinci . he look like hell . a man on the run . desperate and dangerous . he have not shave . his clothes be filthy . he look like ... Joe . Cynthia look up at he . divinci you have to do the right thing . cynthia what d' you want ? divinci what do I want ? divinci suddenly shove she hard across the room . divinci why be you ask I that ? you gonna grant I three wish ? I do not know where to start . let 's see ... money would be nice ... love would be better ... but a little loyalty ... you can never get enough of that . ( move up to she ) ... but we will start with ... money . divinci push she into the bedroom . int . bedroom - night ( early morning ) Cynthia go to she closet , pull out a box , open it . it 's get she savings . cynthia this be all I have get . divinci grab the money and stuff it into he jacket pocket . cynthia they will catch you . divinci I do not think so . cynthia you wanna bet ? divinci they do not have a clue , baby . and you wanna know why ? because I be follow my heart . divinci put aside he gun . and push Cynthia down on the bed . he lean in close to she . face to face . divinci and they do not know where that be . cynthia so tell I about you plan . I think I would like to hear them now . divinci look at Cynthia for a moment , almost with remorse . divinci loyalty be what it all come down to . nothing hold together when it 's go . and once it 's go , you do not ever get it back ... you should not have tell them . cynthia I should not have do a lotta thing in my life . but that 's not one of them . divinci let I tell you something ... the only difference between a liar and a witness be that just one of them know what he 's do . int . live room - night ( early morning ) it be dark and quiet . no clue as to what 's go on inside . and we hold on this for a long moment . just wonder what 's she be make to do . and then there 's a muffled boom . divinci exit the bedroom quickly . he be upset . we hear the door close . and white feather fall like snow flake on Cynthia 's body drape across the bed . the pillow on the floor beside she with the stuff blow out . she have a hole in she chest , right above she heart . CUT to : int . bail bond office - early morning manny unlock the door , enter he office . divinci be voice shut the door and lock it . manny Jesus Christ ! manny look toward the voice . divinci be sit on the floor out of sight . holding he revolver . manny you scared the shit outa I . divinci lock the door . manny lock the door . divinci one more favor , manny . manny since when do I become such a good guy ? divinci I be takin ' some time off . I want a car , here tonight , and a driver . you can do that for you old friend , right ? manny ( disgust ) yeah , I can do that . but you be a hot fuckin ' potato . and driver that do not talk , do not come cheap . divinci I get the money . just put it together . CUT to : ext . hospital - early morning a ambulance race up to the emergency entrance . int . hospital - early morning two paramedics push the gurney down the hall . Cynthia be conscious on the gurney . look up at the ceiling . she be fade . we hear -- voice -- come on , hang in there , hold on . cynthia be ( moving ) p.o.v of the ceiling and face . the gurney push past and camera pick up two surgeon move out of a operate room . pull off mask and rubber glove bloody from surgery . one of they be Joe . the other surgeon pat he on the back . other surgeon just like riding a bike . Joe finally breathes a sigh of relief and manage a smile . CUT to : black lincoln - ext . bail bond office - night pull up in front of the office . tinted window . int . bail bond office - night manny be look out the window . manny leather upholstery , moon roof , CD . what more could you ask for ? divinci look out . gun in hand . he 's clean himself up . he 's now wear a Hawaiian shirt , slack . a traveler . divinci better not be a set up . manny want I to hold you hand ? divinci just walk I to the door . ext . bail bond office - night the lincoln idle at the curb . divinci and manny exit the office . divinci glance up and down the street as they move toward the car . manny open the back door . nobody inside . divinci I think I will let you live . manny you be a real prince . now how about my money ? divinci hand manny a wad of cash from he pocket , then get into the back of the car . divinci you never see I . manny do not I wish that be true . he close the door . the lincoln pull away . manny watch it move off down the street . manny have a nice trip . int . lincoln - night driving . divinci in the back . can only see the driver' eye in the rear view mirror . divinci head south . get on the interstate . do not break the speed limit . divinci settles into the leather seat . look at the rear view mirror . divinci you know , the one thing about life ... you can never lose you sense of humor . without it , you get nothin ' . suddenly the driver turn around , hold a 9 mm and fire . blam . blam . blam . divinci 's head snap back as the back window blows out of the lincoln . and now we recognize the driver . it 's clyle D. dunner . clyde fuckin ' A. the lincoln move right into camera . bright headlight fill the screen . the car stop . we hear the door OPEN and running feet . and pan into the bright headlight glaring into camera . CUT to : surgical light - int . operating room - night shining brightly into camera . man' voice -- run the cardioplegia . face appear . look down . we recognize Joe and one of the friend from the party -- sinclair . william she 's fibrilate . go on bypass . face move away as we hear medical machine in operation . a nurse reappear . camera move back now , revealing the room . and the operation in progress . surgeon sinclair forcep . ( a nurse hand he forcep ) just like old time . william I would not have do this without you ... I owe you . surgeon sinclair lucky to have a donor . never would have survive the night . have a suture ready . nurse ( pick up suture ) I hear it be a cop 's heart . Joe look at the nurse . nurse he be shot in the head a couple hour ago . camera push in on joe nurse they think it be gang related . the bright light overhead bleed the scene to white and we -- dissolve to : wave - day crash on white sand . panning with the clear blue water racing up the sand to a woman in a bathing suit , sit alone . we pan up her legs , past she stomach , to she chest where we see a scar above her heart . we continue up to her face now . it 's Cynthia . stare out at the ocean . Palm tree behind she . she 's beautiful . she lean back , hand behind she and ... she smile . her life have change . and we hear hawaiian slack key guitar music as we -- fade out : the end