gang of New York gang of New York by jay cock , Steven Zaillian , Kenneth lonergan . 3rd draft ( 1993 ) . more info about this movie on imdb.com int . room old brewery day half in shadow , a man name vallon , dress in black , fasten a clean white clerical collar around he thick neck . he raise a jag razor to he face , rake it across he right cheek , draw blood . he do not flinch . the sharp scraping of the jag blade against skin be the first SOUND we hear . vallon cut himself similarly on the leave cheek , then hand the razor ceremoniously to a boy stand beside he . the boy , no more than twelve year old , look at vallon worshipfully , keen eye shine with fear and excitement . he start to wipe the razor blade on the bottom of he jacket . vallon no. never . the blood stay on the blade , son . he hand the boy a dark red velvet pouch . very carefully , the boy , know as amsterdam , wrap the razor up , hand it back to he father . from the shadow , vallon now raise a long pole with a beautiful golden crucifix mount on the end , then hold he free hand out to he son . Amsterdam squeeze tight . vallon nod toward the door . Amsterdam pull it open . outside be a dim hallway . we hear sound that might be animal or human . music begin : a steady , drive cadence somewhere between a march and a hymn . CUT to 2 int . hallway vallon stride in long measure step . Amsterdam have trouble keep up with he . they be walk down a long corridor that 's like a tunnel . patch of light stain the darkness . sometimes Amsterdam glimpsis a face peer out from the gloom . once or twice he almost stumble over a body stretch across he path . CUT to 3 int . room another room , even smaller . the only decoration be a bizarre rendering of a madonna and child paint on the wall . a beefy man pick up a home - make pike , its iron tip sharpen to a lethal point . he be smile . the grin be huge , but cockey . it occupy only half of he face . the grotesque , unending grin be the result of facial paralysis , and have give he a nickname : happy jack mulraney . Jack lift the pike carefully , then take a candle from the wall and bend down over a wooden cage full of rabbit . he slowly move the candle back and forth across the cage top . Wax fall on the cage , splattering a unlucky rabbit . Jack thrust the pike between the wooden bar , impale the rabbit 's body . he pull the pike from the cage and leave . CUT to 4 int . hallway Jack fall into step beside vallon and Amsterdam . he hold the pike with the dead rabbit high , next to vallon 's cross . happy jack do you bring the boy for a charm , Priest ? vallon no , Jack . for a baptism . now a woman join they . she 's dress in man 's clothes , she pants hold up by suspender . she wear a set of iron claw . music build , grow more insistent and more ominous . now a figure loom before they . over he street clothes , this warrior wear a rig of home - make armor make from fracgment of steel , length of chain and bit of leather . he carry a battle - axe as lightly as if it be a twig . rabbit warrior we will send a few across the river today , Priest . he join the procession . another woman , as tough as the first and half again as large , and several more man , all armed with implement of destruction , fall in beside he . they face be mark with blood , like vallan 's , or cover with ritual marking make with paint and ink . the group grow ever larger and more forbid . occasionally people dart around they in the tunnel and scamper out of they way like animal frighten in a burrow . CUT to 5 int . room vast and dank , like a cavern . we start close on ... ... the body of a dead rat be fill with some piece of lead . then a little wider to reveal : a eager boy , shang draper , about the same age as Amsterdam . he drop the last few piece of lead into the mouth of the rat , then sew it close . he heft the animal by the tail , swinging it as he stand up . he be near a primitive forge where a half - drunk slacksmith hammer crude weapon into shape and distribute they to other men and women . the floor be cover with bit of lead and steel , which shang have be use to sew into he rat . shang follows the crowd of man and woman with they weapon . and now we see this room full . it be huge : the main room of the Old Brewery , crowded with family huddle together for warmth and comfort , or out of fear ; man and woman , together or separately , drunk or pass out . they be like zoo animal in a pit . there be stick of furniture jamme in corner , or , more often , arrange at angle in the middle of the room to form tiny enclave where the ancient brewery machinery form irregular boundary . above shang 's head , vallon and he gang walk across a plank bridge that span the room a hundred foot beneath they . armed man and woman from the Brewery be climb a rope ladder to join they . shang scurry up after they . the man and woman from the Brewery fall in behind vallon and the other in the lead . shang spot someone near he own age toward the front : Amsterdam . he press through the crowd like a hunt dog . shang what 's the fight ? amsterdam the Dead rabbit against the Native Americans , same as ever . but it will all be settle today . shang be you Native or rabbit ? amsterdam ( point to rabbit on pike ) what do you think ? shang look alright . I will stand by you , then . CUT to 6 int . hallway the group now turn down the last corridor , as dim and long as a tunnel . in the distance , there 's a faint glimmer of light and the figure of a man ( monk eastman ) . vallon stop near the door . vallon I do not know you . man ( lightly ) I suppose there 's to be a fight . vallon catch the heavy celtic inflection in the man 's voice . vallon derry ? man donnegal . name 's monk eastman . vallon and you want to fight , Mr. eastman ? monk lf there 's money in it . vallon fight for the native . they have a proper war chest . monk well , I might at that . but I think I would ask you first , see as how I be not quite a Native american myself . vallon let 's see you skill , and we will talk of payment later . monk Fine . but if you like what you see , pay I double . monk turn to the door with the grace of a dancer and deliver a shatter kick , send it fly off its hinge . clear white light stream in , and we see monk eastman plain for the first time : a huge man , in stature and girth , wear a small derby that intentionally make he head look even bigger . vallon ( as the door splinter settle ) stand with we then . CUT to 7 ext . STREET day ( winter ) winter wind blow across a scene as strange and bleak as a alien planet . vallon , carry he cross high , step through the doorway . the other slowly follow vallon out of the building , which be three storey high and maybe a block long . a dilapidate sign identify it as the 5 paint Brewery . it be the tallest structure in the midst of low , squalid shack , wind alley as narrow as a snakel back , and dirt street fill with rut , mud and filthy snow . a few pig wander forlornly about , root for garbage . wash hang stiff , in the middle of the square , from a peculiar monument erect to some forget war hero . the Brewery occupy one side of a square surround by some storefront and a couple of collapse wooden sidewalk . if this place resemble anything at all , it 's a horrible hybrid of London 's limehouse and a pioneer town in the american West whose best day have long pass -- or never come at all . vallon stand still , stare across the square past the monument . his battalion of irregular wait for he signal . now ... very , very slowly ... from around both side of the monument come another gang , in size the same as vallon 's , man and woman both , armed like visigoth with homemade weapon : knife , pitchfork , building block and brick , board with sharp nail protrude from the end . every member of this second group be dress in a long duster which reach to the ankle . several men in front of the group sport duster make of leather . vallon Bill poole ! on whose challenge be we assemble ? a man in a leather duster ( bill the butcher ) step forward . he be young , lean and fierce . and then there be he eye . they do not match . one be real . the other be a huge , bulg pearl upon which have be engrave , instead of a pupil , a full - color portrait of the american eagle . on the side of the square , arrange to get a good view of the impending combat , be a group of STREET kide , girl and boy , none older than eight . they talk and laugh excitedly among themselves , pick they own favorite among the gang as if the warrior be player on a team . bill the butcher on the challenge of the Native Americans , to settle for good and all who hold sway . vallon bene . bill the butcher by the ancient law of combat , we offer we body to the ghost of that warrior who have go before we . valor be avid for glory , and glory be in we wound . vallon but this time can you bear to look on the glory when it come , Bill ? can you see it clear with you single eye ? bill the butcher whoever fight untouched in battle have skill , but the warrior who return wounded have be touch by God . vallon it be not God who touch you eye . bill the butcher it be God give I guidance . will you be able to look on the death blow like a gladiator , and not look away ? no honorable man turn a eye from he death . vallon I do not expect a death blow from you hand , Butcher . let 's have at it . bill the butcher there be another matter . vallon say it out and quick , before spring get here . bill the butcher no Native american warrior will dishonor himself with the blood of the halt and maim . vallon so ? bill the butcher so we would like to know whether squire Jack mulraney of the Dead rabbit can smile out of both side of he face . a pause of a single second . then happy jack take the dead rabbit off the tip of he pike and hurl it across the square . it land right at bill the butcher 's foot . in a flash , bill the butcher open he coat . Inside , on a special belt he carry a cleaver , a carving knife and other instrument of the butcherl trade , all stain with blood and gristle . now the man stand next to he remove the broad belt from around he coat . the brass buckle be sharpen to a point , the leather studd with glass . the gallery of Street kid tense for action : they be thrilled . vallon reach up to the cross , pull off the top piece , to disclose , underneath , a gleam sword point . he fold the arm of the cross down , like the blade of a jackknife . vallon prepare to receive the Lord . and the air be full of scream and battle cry as the two gang hurl across paradise Square into battle . vallon draw first blood . he impale a Native american on the sword end of he cross and turn to fight again . Amsterdam and shang exchange a glance of frighten , worried wonder . then a Native american rush at they , shouting for blood . the boy act together . Amsterdam dive down in front of the man , send he sprawling . shang bludgeons the fall warrior , use he lead - fill rat like a blackjack as Amsterdam kick he savagely ; the Native collapse unconscicus at they foot . before the boy can thank one another , however , they be separaten by the surging gang all around they . bill the butcher leave he meat cleaver imbed in the middle of a man 's skull , then wade through the combat as if shield by a charm . the gallery of Street kid be thrilled by this display and react with cheer . vallon battle three native who come at he at once . monk eastman grab a Native in he arm like a groom hugging a bride . he raise he knee and bring the man crash down across it , breaking he spine like a Thanksgiving wishbone . the gallery of Street kid be awed by this display of power from a new star in the make . the rabbit warrior in the home - make armor grin at a intrepid Native and lower he battle - axe . the Native rush as the rabbit warrior swing and separate the man from he leg . a native woman lower she head and charge she Dead rabbit adversary , deliver a shatter butt to he stomach . a native boy hold a rusty old pistol , which he use at pointblank range against several rabbit . a rabbit woman fly into a Native , use she iron finger extension to gouge he face . the native with the deadly belt use it to tear a piece out of a rabbit 's face . Amsterdam , beginning now to be overwhelm by the hellish fight , look around in grow panic for he father . shang use he lead - rat blackjack to clear a escape back toward the Brewery . the Street kid can tell he 's try to escape , and start booing he ... ... as shang 's grabbed from behind and pull off he foot by a peg - legged native . he throws the boy to the ground and pin he by hold the sword - sharp point of he wooden leg against shang 's throat . shang ( desperate ) I run with you ! I be one of you ! bear a Native american from the blood of five generation ! peg -leg yeah ? then you oughta be a red indian . he push down . shang start to bleed . but now peg leg be distract by the sudden SOUND of bell and whistle . he watch the boy tremble on the ground , then move off he , make for the sound of the bell , leave the boy quaking . the SOUND grow louder as two horse - drawn cart full of battle ready police tear around the curve of a narrow thoroughfare and stop in paradise Square . the bell on the cart toll loudly and work magic . the fight stop . the police , all carry club and wear leather helmet , leap off the wagon . there be several moment of absolute silence , break only by the SOUND of the wind and the groans of the wounded . then , as one , the Dead rabbit and the Native Americans rush the police together , hurtle stone and brandish weapon . even the Street kid get into the act , kick and bite and generally have a fine time . the gang swarm all over the police , drive they back . some lucky cop climb back on the wagon and try to get away . the unlucky police remain behind , dead on the ground . the gang cheer , jeer and continue to throw thing at the retreate police . when the second wagon disappear from view , the gang confront each other once again . another brief moment of quiet . the Street kid settle back into they spectator role . then the gang go at each other with fresh intensity . Amsterdam finally sees he father and start to push he way toward he . vallon and bill the butcher stand face each other in the midst of battle like two titan : then they rush at each other , join with a terrible fury . shang , still blindly swinging he blackjack , make he way closer to the relative safety of the Brewery , he face stain with tear of fear . he hit someone . the man turn , swat he down . shang sprawl on the street , which be a swamp of mud and blood and dirty snow , and find himself face to face with a depart peg leg . someone have remove he artificial limb and drive it through he heart . across the square , Amsterdam have reach he father in time to see a native american sneaking up behind he . Amsterdam grab a long truncheon from a fall warrior and use it to hit the man a strong blow behind the knee . the man fall , howling . amsterdam hit he again . and again . he be hysterical . vallon and bill the butcher keep fight . Amsterdam see , with a single look , that he father be in the fight of he life . he look for a weapon to help ... ... see a hatchet lie by the body of the rabbit he have just beat senseless . he grab it and run forward , look for a open between the Butcher and he father ... as the two combatant move , Amsterdam move . bob , weaving , feint , fall back ... look for he chance ... ... as Bill deal vallon a blow that rock he back and throw he off balance ... ... just as Amsterdam have make he move . he rush forward , see he father falling , try to turn but ... ... too late . the boy 's hatchet slashes he father in the leg . vallon fall to one knee , gesture frantically to the stunne Amsterdam to get away ... ... and Bill be upon vallon , sinking he knife into he chest . vallon scream and fall on he back , Bill kneel over he . he look into he enemy 's eye ... and vallon 's eye lock on he . for all he suffer , vallon 's eye hold Bill ... he force himself to look at Bill ... it 's a terrible struggle ... but vallon will not look away . Amsterdam , hysterical , rush at the Butcher . the Butcher grab Amsterdam by the arm , make he drop he hatchet . bill the butcher you need a weapon ? use a knife . he put the struggle boy 's hand on the hilt of the knife that the Butcher sink into he father 's chest . bill the butcher it make a deeper cut . and , he hand guiding the boy' , he ram he knife deep into vallon 's heart . bill the butcher say a benediction , Priest . vallon bellow in agony . Amsterdam scream at the very same moment , he cry mingling with he fatherl tear through the air . bill the butcher ( to Amsterdam ) hold this close to mind , boy , should you ever think of go up against the Native Americans . Bill the Butcher rise and all around he , as if on some mysterious signal , the fight subside . a dead rabbit see the fall vallon , take a batter brass horn from he belt and sound three note , quick and sharp . as the note fade away , the fight stop completely . bill the butcher ( announce ) ear and nose will be trophy of the day . the rabbit scamper to collect they dead and wounded before the native can get to they to slice off the battle souvenir . but there be many corpse maim . the Street kid disperse . the main battle be over , and the native have clearly carry the day . the rabbit file past vallon , rorming a protective circle around he . Amsterdam kneel at he side . vallon try to speak . blood bubbles in he throat . vallon can n't..ca not cross the river ... with steel through my heart . Amsterdam look around . none of the rabbit make a move . this be clearly something he be mean to do himself . Amsterdam grab the tortoise handle of the knife , pull on it . vallon try not to cry out . the knife do not move . Amsterdam try again . he can not budge the knife . vallon moan . nearly wild , Amsterdam pull with all he strength . vallon scream in agony . Amsterdam be pull so hard he raise he father 's back four inch off the ground . still the knife will not move . vallon pass out from the pain . now , finally , someone step forward : monk eastman . he lean over but Amsterdam , berserk with grief , push he away , turn back to he father , and , with a last desperate pull , draw the knife from he father 's heart . he throw it on the ground . monk pick it up , wipe the blade on he arm , close the knife and hand it to Amsterdam . monk that 's yours , rightfully . now monk lean over the lifeless body and reach inside vallon 's coat , removing some money . monk and this be mine . only what 's owed . use the rest for funeral . amsterdam no ! he try to shove monk away from he father , when the Native warrior intervene . happy jack it 's fair . Amsterdam , wild with shock and grief , turn back to he father as monk take what 's owed he . Amsterdam bend over to kiss vallon on both cheek , then on he leave eye . the boy be just about to kiss he fatheros close right eye when the lid spring OPEN - Amsterdam jump back despite himself . vallon stare at he : a last moment of recognition . vallon hon ... amsterdam no , pa ! vallon ... honor I ... think of I ... do not never look away . vallon convulse and die . Amsterdam shake he to revive he . rabbit woman take the body . bring the boy . several rabbit take a step or two forward , but Amsterdam spring up at they , like a animal . rabbit warrior come a , lad . therel nothing to be do now . amsterdam get away ! get away ! happy jack leave he be . he 's he to mourn . and the rabbit turn away , go back to the Old Brewery or vanish down the narrow street . now a few citizen venture out into paradise square . a couple of scavenger scoot about , looting body . Amsterdam stay in the center of the square unmove , undisturbed , keep solitary vigil over he father . a title be superimpose across this scene : new york CITY 1844 8 ext . harbor day winter ( matte ) the same afternoon . as the sun go down , we have we first full look ( matte ) at the low pale outline of the city . the harbor be crowded with the high mast of sailing ship . just north of the island tip be the steeple of the city 's tallest structure , trinity Church . the building of Wall Street be mass of concrete and wood , the street surround they paved with cobblestone . just above the financial district be the sloping building and rutte avenue of the five point . the Old Brewery stand tall and forbid over paradise Square . above the five point , in the distance , we can glimpse some finer , new building . one wide street -- Broadway -- seem to run from the very tip of the island clear up into the wood just a few mile north of the harbor . the only sound be the lap of the harbor water against the boat , the creak of mast in the winter wind . CUT to 9 ext . harbor day a closer view - the title fade off . we see a impose edifice on the edge of the harbor with a wooden sign identify : " immigration department , UNITED states of america . " the sun have nearly set . a boy -- about 10 year old -- sit on the edge of the Castle Garden dock , gaze down at the freeze Hudson . he can just about make out he reflection in the dull sheen of the ice . his name be johnny sirocco , and he watch himself with bewilder seriousness . abruptly , he reach down and smashes through the ice with he fist . in slow motion , we watch the ice fragment drift apart in the river current , each bear away a reflection of johnnyls face , like piece of a puzzle . policeman where 's you family , sonny ? johnny see a policeman scrutinize he . johnny ( lilt brogue ) my mother 's just there . he gesture toward a ship , where men be unload cargo . in a hoist , they be lowering a thin pine coffin to dockside . johnny on the trip , she inside all break up . she be not dead and there be three other fight for she bed . policeman and you father ? where 's he , then ? johnny I never know he . policeman ( take johnny 's hand ) we better see to you , then . CUT to 10 ext . STREET night the policeman lead a awed johnny through the teeming street of the five point . policeman where all that street come together right ahead be the true five point . but most speak of the five point and mean anywhere between the battery and the bowery . although the night 's cold , the street be jamme . whore paint like carnival gypsy sell themselves to any man sober enough to stand up . sound of laughter and combat filter out from garish saloon like the Little naple , the Hell hole , the egyptian Hall . in the midst of all this highlife be beggar and the sickly , look for charity , scroung garbage in the street . a indigent battle a cripple for a meager scrap of faod . a richly dress woman , riding by in a carriage , hide she eye by raise a huge bouquet of flowers in front of she face . policeman street hereabout be lively of a evening . the city come here to sport . but there 's place to put up a boy on he own . Three women , exquisitely cost , burst from the door of the egyptian Hall . under the harsh glare of a nearby gas lamp , they face be no longer strike . johnny stare ; there be something not right about this face . johnny and that ? what be that ? policeman well , that . that be , as you might say , a sort of ... we see one of the woman 's face , suddenly harsh under gaslight : under thickly cake make - up be a smile transvestite . policeman ... sort of whatnot . transvestite say , policeman . I will buy you bonny friend . the policeman fetch the transvestite a strong whack with he nightstick . the transvestite scream and fall ... and johnny run . policeman hey ! but johnny 's off , already lose in the mad street life . CUT to int . mortuary night a funeral chapel . vallan 's body lie in state . he be wear he gang regalia , and all the Dead rabbit file past he coffin in solemn tribute . a woman bend down and kiss the body . happy Jack mulraney hold vallon 's crucifix , which he have obviously inherite . as a disreputable look Minister mutter prayer , happy Jack whisper to a silent Amsterdam . happy jack we pass the plate amongst ourselves . come up with enough ned to carry all this , and carry you a while , too . he stuff some money in Amsterdam 's pocket . amsterdam where will my father rest ? happy jack potter field , with everyone else . amsterdam my father will not be bury with everyone else . he will lie separate in fresh ground , face east . happy jack what difference where he face ? amsterdam he will face east for the second come of Christ . happy jack Fine , son . when Jesus get to the battery you show him the way from there . the Minister finish the service . mr. cornelius , a funeral director who resemble one of he own customer , usher in a woman ( maggie ) pull a lovely 10 year old girl ( jenny everdekne ) by the hand . the woman be obviously drunk , the girl frighten . mr . cornelius will you have music , entlegen woman ( maggie ) my daughter ' 11 do any song you like . happy jack not tonight , maggie , we get ... monk eastman interrupt from the background . monk how much ? maggie any ned in you pocket , sir . monk hand maggie some coin . monk she sing sweet as she look ? maggie pure celestial , sir. ( to girl ) go on , Jenny . Jenny 's voice be sweet as promise . the song she sing , however , be a bawdy saloon song . maggie cut she off fast . maggie no , Jen , the other . Jenny start to sing a hymn . to avoid look at the corpse , she let she eye rove all around the chapel until she sees Amsterdam . she lock straight at he until the hymn be over . and he do not take he eye off she . CUT to 12 int . mortuary hallway night Mr. cornelius be about to escort maggie and Jenny into another room crowded with mourner when a smartly - dress man ( daniel killoran ) gesture to he from the shadow . killoran Mr. Tweed would like a word , Mr. cornelius . ( cornelius hesitates ) Tweed of tammany . at the mention of the name , cornelius shoos maggie and Jenny into the mourn room and shut the door behind they . then he give killoran he full attention . killoran in you office . at you pleasure , of course . CUT to 13 int . mortuary office as the door open , we see a man gaze out the narrow window onto the spectacle in the next building . he be in he late 20 , already a little fleshy but dress with dash : william tweed ... " boss " tweed . he show a bemuse , almost schalarly interest in the going - on next door . this mortuary be locate next to a bordello , where the window be uncurtain and the energy and variety of the activity inside be astounding . Tweed finally turn as killoran open the door . tweed Mr. cornelius . with a view like this I be surprised the dead can rest in peace . cornelius be there anything I can ... tweed ( interrupt ) yes . a favor . cornelius happy to serve , Mr. Tweed . tweed excellent . lend I something . cornelius ( puzzle ) oh , I do not know what I could ... tweed I believe in form and appearance , you see . just like yourself , sir . and I believe in law , and the power of example . we city be a lawless wilderness , sir . I be ask you to help chasten it . cornelius a matter of civic duty , then . tweed and civic pride . I want you to help I set a example . ( smile ) I only need to borrow one of you client . CUT to 14 int . mortuary night two native Americans open the door where vallon be laid out and Bill the Butcher stride into the room . there be immediate tension , like a electric charge , as other native stand in the doorway and crowd the hall stand while Bill walk over to the coffin . he place a black rose in vallon 's fold hand . bill the butcher tomorrow you cortege will cross paradise Square , into territory protect by the Native Americans . you will be permit undisputed passage both way . that be we tribute . after that , any rabbit wishing to join the Native Americans and willing to swear blood loyalty will be welcome . all other will be dispatch . he start out of the silent room , but stop when he see mank eastman look at he with easy interest . Bill the Butcher stare he down , but monk 's gaze never waver . bill the butcher I will expect you first . monk I ? oh , I do not know . all that talk of blood loyalty make I quake . I will spill blood when the price be right . but blood for ceremony ? I prefer holy communion . bill the butcher you see we fight today . you know we can pay any price . monk not mine . not now , and not any time after . bill the butcher we will see . Independence be a slippery thing . but be a rival ... well , that 's dead dangerous . Bill brushes past monk and leave , follow by the native . now the rabbit file out , with monk among they . happy jack come on , boyo . I will put you up tonight . amsterdam I will do for myself , Jack . happy jack you can not . ( Amsterdam stare at he ) there 's no mistake you be he son . happy Jack leave Amsterdam alone in the room . now , by himself , sure of no one see , Amsterdam cry . CUT to 15 int . mortuary night Mr. cornelius be seat in he office , enjoy a late supper while look out he window at the bordello activity across the alley . a noise at the door disturb he : Amsterdam . amsterdam what 's the cost to bury my father proud and proper ? mr . cornelius for a plot , a headstone , hand to break the earth ... amsterdam how much ? mr . cornelius what be you current mean ? Amsterdam turn out he pocket , which contain Bill the Butcher 's pirate knife as well as the cash happy Jack press on he . cornelius take it all . mr . cornelius of course you will have to wait three day for a city permit . but all this may do for part . amsterdam no . Amsterdam take the knife back from cornelius . amsterdam that 's owed another . CUT to 16 ext . STREET / paradise square day a grey day . Amsterdam stop in front of a window . he struggle with he scarf , try to keep himself warm . his eye stray for a moment , and he see he be outside Mr. cornelius ' establishment . then he notice something else .... .... he father , propped up in a coffin , on public display . there be a large sign beside the body : " the Dead end of lawlessness . tammany abhor crime . tammany means justice . " a sizeable crowd be goggle at the body . Amsterdam bull he way through the people to the street . he look in the gutter , then look up quickly . someone be watch he : johnny . he 's carry a armful of wood . johnny firewood ? Amsterdam grab the longest plank johnny have . johnny it 's a penny the load . amsterdam later . he turn with the plank in he hand and start to run back through the crowd . johnny hey ! johnny manage to grab the other end of the plank . but Amsterdam 's so strong he yank he right along . the crowd yell as it part for Amsterdam , who charge through use the plank like a batter ram , with johnny on the far end , bear along by stubbornness and momentum ... ... toward Mr. cornelius ' window . Amsterdam shatter the window and the crowd scatter in a blizzard of glass . Amsterdam stumble into the window and against the coffin , which fall over , spilling vallon 's body , knock the boy over . Amsterdam pick himself up as johnny stand freeze . amsterdam help I . he start to pull he fatherl body from the window . amsterdam come on ! help I , goddamn it ! in a daze , johnny step forward and help Amsterdam pull the body onto the street . now : the SOUND of whistle and wheel and running horse as a wagon full of police arrive on the scene . behind they , the crowd return , yell insult . the police run toward the window . Mr. cornelius dither at the front of the crowd . Amsterdam and johnny exchange a look . then johnny run for it . Amsterdam stay with the body ... ... as the cop close in , swinging club . Amsterdam 's grab and hit a couple of time . the crowd yell . a cop swing he arm back to give Amsterdam a good wallop ... ... and someone grab he arm : Bill the Butcher . bill the butcher easy , crusher . what 's this all about ? crusher ask the boy . amsterdam I pay cornelius for my father to rest in honor . he tell I I have to wait on a permit , but he only want time to ... bill pick up the tammany sign from the ground . bill the butcher make another arrangement , look like . for advertising . ( to cop ) better go along . I will see to all this . cop the boy ... bill the butcher take the little malefactor . the cop yank the wildly flail Amsterdam to he foot and drag he off to they wagon . Bill the Butcher approach cornelius . bill the butcher give the boy what he pay for . CUT to 17 ext . STREET / paradise square day Amsterdam be hurled into the police wagon . the door be lock behind he . he pull himselt to he foot , look out the tiny bar window , sees ... ... Dead rabbit join up in a rough funeral procession . several help load vallon 's body back into the coffin and place it onto Mr. cornelius ' fancy funeral wagon . monk eastman leap up onto the wagon and close the coffin lid tight . there be peddler everywhere . one dispense drink from a portable samovar . a sailor hawk ship in a bottle , repeatedly shouting the same advertisement : " encourage the work of a landswamped sailor ! " a silhouette artist offer to draw portrait of passersby . funeral music be furnish by STREET musician : a drummer , a fiddle player , and a horn player , with a couple of busker perform along side for good measure . Mr. cornelius take the wagon rein and guide the horse out of the square . the gang follows solemnly behind . and across the square , the police wagon carry Amsterdam start moving off in the opposite direction . he keep look out the tiny wagon window . the funeral procession leave the square and activity return quickly to normal . peddler ' cry once again fill the air . the busker start playing a snappier tune . snow begin to fall . CUT to 18 int - tomb day a huge , awful prison building model on a egyptian mausoleum . Amsterdam -- try to hide he grow fear -- wait on line with other prisoner , all of they older than he . at the head of the line , prisoner be be process by a jailer and a couple of cop . each prisoner be ask several cursory question , then tell to strip . every one of the man be scarree in some way . amsterdam near the front of the line . the man just ahead of he undress . his leave buttock be miss , and he back be cover with whip scar . a prisoner behind Amsterdam whisper loud enough for Amsterdam to hear ... prisoner ai not he first tomb trip . ansterdam step up to the desk . the jailer hardly take notice of he . jailer what do they call you ? and this be the first time in the film we have hear he name . amsterdam Amsterdam . the jailer look he over . jailer you full name . amsterdam vallon . the jailer write this down with a scratchy pen . jailer first name ? amsterdam I tell you . jailer ( skeptical , resign ) address ? amsterdam get none . jailer I will put city . now what 's you age ? ( Amsterdam shrug . ) maybe twelve . get a family ? amsterdam no more . jailer well , where be they from when you have one ? amsterdam ( beat ) City . jailer ( write ) disrobe . as Amsterdam obey , the jailer turn to the cop in the leather helmet stand at he side . jailer what 's the charge , asbury ? cop theft. assault . creating a ... the jailer finish write . Amsterdam stand naked . jailer through that door there . ( lower he voice ) and do not stand too near no one else . CUT to 19 int . cremore night the large , noisiest , gaudiest dive we have yet see , full to burst with bawdy customer even at this late hour . therel a long bar , where man and woman stand three deep ; lot of small table ; a dance floor ; and a stage on which four blowsy dancing girl be give out with a ribald number title " my Father 's teeth be plugge with Zinc . " one end of the bar be entirely take up by a huge woaden keg with a attach hose . bar attendant dump the unfinish content of glass into the open barrel top as a line of far gone drunk wait they turn for the hose . maggie , Jenny 's mother , be close to the front of the line , very drunk , hang on to a mush - face hoodlum . two visitors watch . one have a pad and make quick sketch . visitor one ought to be serve in a trough , properly . will you try some ? artist probably . what be it ? visitor one all - sort . it 's make of all that 's pour and not drunk , and any they can salvage that 's spilt . maggie grab the hose , stare at the artist as she take a drink . his hand move quickly a the page , sketching she . visitor ( to maggie ) you health . she spit at he , insulted . the artist step forward , put some of the all - sort from the hose into he glass , and toast maggie . she nod and turn away .... ... as johnny enter , drag a large sack across the crowded floor toward a far door . CUT to 20 int . cremore back room night johnny rush toward a wooden pen in the center of the room . there be cry from the crowd of sportsmen of " hurry it up " and " more speed ! " johnny dodge a kick or two before he finally arrive at the pen . he upend the sack over the pit and a dozen live rat tumble out . a gamemaster slip johnny a couple of cent as he start he spiel . gamemaster alright , gent and lady , you bet now on towser against the vermin , the count to beat be ten rodent in three minute . the crowd start to place bet . a sleepy johnny settles down close to ringside to watch the show . at a signal from the gamemaster , a trainer toss towser --a fierce mongrel - - into the ring . the crowd cheer lustily , continue to shout out bet , as the dog go after the rat . the rat , fight for they life , bite the dog , attach themselves to he body . towser retaliate by gnaw the rat , snapping they in half and spitting they out . as the crowd cheer , and towser kill , and money change hand , johnny curl up and go to sleep . CUT to 21 int . tomb night a row of cell , noisy and cold . the guard shove Amsterdam into a cell . guard 2 you get to live private until they come from the orphan 's asylum . on account of you tender year . there be nothing in the cell but a board for a bed , and a window through which Amsterdam can see the late winter moonlight . he look for star in the sky , but can see none . CUT to 22 int - MAIN room / old brewery Jenny everdeane and a girl friend , she own age , huddle together in a dark corner of this huge space . the friend open she hand to show Jenny a glimpse of what she 's clutching : a penny . jenny let I see ! I do not believe it . friend ( close she hand ) no ! it 's a danger . jenny oh come on ! it 's not . ( friend shake she head ) then tell I where you get it . friend from some man . he take I in he carriage . he only want to do something to I fast . jenny what ? friend ( shrug ) I do not understand . jenny would he do the same with I ? friend I will not tell you if he 's around again . ( clutches penny tight ) he 's my secret . jenny better keep it more careful , then . the friend get up and start across the Brewery floor , act nonchalant . but she look around she , across the sleep , pass - out body , past the desperate family and they squalling infant , to see if she 's be notice . a man and two woman cast a glance she way . she look away , but the trio keep watch she ... then fan out and start to follow she . the friend look over she shoulder again . sees the man . lock in another direction , sees : the woman . and then : the second woman . all close on she . the friend start to run . the Trio run after she . and no one else pay attention . the friend plunge into one of the warren of tunnel that lead off the Brewery floor . camera plunge through the darkness , after she . her footstep echo ; there be the SOUND of stumbling , fall , a angry curse and a blow be strike . the friend pick herself up out of the darkness and keep run , camera follow down the dank hall . suddenly the trio run ahead of the camera . there be a scream . camera stap . and other sound follow quickly now : the dull thud of a heavy object against bone , repeated several time ; and then , very soon after , the most terrible sound of all : silence . then two woman emerge from the darkness of the tunnel , fight over the penny . the man , several step behind they , throw a object to the dirt floor : it 's a stone , and it be cover with blood . he come up behind the two woman quickly and grab the penny from they with a hand that still drip blood and gore . they chase after he across the crowded Brewery floor . CUT to 23 int . hallway / tammany night 2 camera race along the ornate corridor , past portrait of many affluent and self - important gentlemen ... through a door and into ... 24 int . tweedis office / tammany night ... Tweed 's domain . small in size , but there be dozen of cage of canary all around . Tweed look up startle as the door fly open . the bird set up a commotion . camera bear down on Tweed as a pair of hand grab he and hurl he against the wall . Bill the Butcher glare at Tweed . some native come into the room behind he . bill the butcher you come into the five point and you steal from I . tweed I do not know ... bill the butcher you steal vallon . he be my kill . my example , of my power . you take he and make he yours . tweed you be a lunatic to come here like ... in the background , same of the native have begin to play catch by remove the canary cage from they place and toss they all over the room . bill the butcher thank you . just listen good . the Native Americans hold the five point . we have prevaile . what you do outside the point be you decide . outside be you city . Inside the point be mine . anyone who say different , or do different , or think different ... ( smile ) ... theylll draw my unwelcame attention . you understand ? boss tweed I do understand , yes . bill push he away and start out . boss tweed but you do not understand at all . Bill keep walk . boss tweed there 's a whole city to share and all you see be you own narrow street . bill the butcher ( turn now ) you just stay out of my place . boss tweed yes , alright . gladly . it 's all blackjack job and panel game and killing for a fiver . Bill wait for Tweed to continue . but Tweed stoops and try to soothe a canary in a cage . bill the butcher it 's good work . boss tweed as far as it go . bill the butcher you would not be talk to I otherwise . boss tweed but we be talk about different thing , Bill . you describe the present . I see the possibility . look to the future . there be so much more . the Butcher start to look interested . CUT to 25 int . tweed' office night later . the native have clear out ; only Tweed and the Butcher remain . the cage have be restore to they proper place and the room have be straighten . Bill stand beside the door , while Tweed relax in a chair . boss tweed there 's thing demand to be do that no police force can do , not even a obedient one . there 's contribution from every dive and brothel . loyalty to be secure and debt to be collect . boss tweed ( cont would ) and now you and you native have emerge as the foremost force in the five point , I be prepare to extend you a opportunity . you can work for tammany ... bill the butcher we work for no one . boss tweed ... beside tammany ... in the performance of this civic obligation . and for a satisfactory ... I be prepare even to say equitable ... financial participation . it 's not the sort of responsibility the founding father might have recognize . but then , the founding father never imagine the city New York have become . bill the butcher maybe you tammany boy should do you own lift and carry and muscle work . might build you up . boss tweed we would like to . I do miss it . but it 's wiser for man in the public life to give a appearance of probity . bill the butcher then get cop to do it . boss tweed oh Jesus , no . the appearance of law must be upheld , especially while it 's be break . bill the butcher appearance mean nothing . boss tweed perhaps not within the point . but the smart man could go higher . Bill look at Tweed for a long moment . the he shove himself away from the wall , pull away the chair on which Tweed have be rest he foot and sit down close to he . bill the butcher if you can talk plain , maybe we can do business . 26 ext . STREET night a small slum thoroughfare congest by a splendid FIRE - wagon label " americus Co. / tammany Hall . " curious spectator and panic-stricken resident crowd around to watch a ramshackle building go up in flame . as johnny press through the crowd to get a good look at the fire , Tweed , in a white coat and fancy fire helmet , step off the fire wagon to address a onlooker . tweed anyone inside ? onlooker no , praise God , but all we own ... tweed place a bucket over the only fire plug in the vicinity , then sit on it . onlooker well ? tweed wait on reinforcement . the SOUND of another bell , nearby . down the street from the opposite direction come two more FIRE - wagon . the crowd start cheer . Tweed do not move from the plug . tweed that 's not they . it 's only the Black joke . seem you fire interrupt they festivity . the wagon pull up next to the fire plug . each of they have the word " Black joke Fire Co. " write large on the side , but the firemen wear party costume , not regular uniform . some be dress as british redcoat , still other as Indians . the flame continue to devour the building , but Tweed do not budge from the plug . he be approach by the Black Jake chief , who be dress as a indian chief . chief May I point out that the building be burn to ash ? tweed certainly . and may I then remind you , Pocahontas , that this entire area be the province of the americus company , and you will kindly keep you distance . impasse . the rival Fire company size each other up and start toward each other . the building continue to burn . Tweed remain regal and unperturb atop the fire plug . as the two companie be about to close with each other , a second bell sound . Tweed 's " reinforcement " have arrive : the Native Americans , lead by Bill the Butcher . they pile off the wagon before the horse halt . now the Black joke Co. be outnumber , and it fall back . as the crowd cheer , Tweed take the bucket off the fire plug . tweed alright , boy ! to work ! the men of the americus Co. give a great shout and start firefight : a hose be hitched up to the plug , bucket be fill , a primitive pump send water spluttering everywhere . but there be not much blaze leave to combat and the Men quickly grow frustrated . Tweed realize this immediately . tweed next building over , boy ! must not let it spread ! the man charge into a neighbor building , stomping down door , climbing through window and swinging axe with gusto , all to save a building that be in no danger at all . a local poll name daniel killoran detach himself from the crowd and approach Tweed , give he a hearty slap on the back . killoran another proud night for tammany , Bill . tweed just tell they ... ( lower he voice ) ... to take enough to share . and not to steal so in the open . indeed , the Men be leave the building with lot of loot . citizen who question they right to do this be promptly knocked down . killoran grab Bill the Butcher as he rush by . tweed Jesus ! boss say to tell you to fight the fire from the front and loot out the back . Bill grin and leave to spread the word as a angry woman approach Tweed . tearful woman the Black joke could have save my house ! tweed Black joke have no business here , madam . tearful woman they business be to save my house ! tweed tammany 's you business . when we be here to call upon there 's no need of other . we understand loss , madam , and take care of we own . as Tweed lead she off , away from the blaze and the thieve , he pass a boy sit a the curb , watch the fire ... and watch Tweed ... with admiration . it 's johnny . the flame light up he eye as we ... dissolve to 27 int . brewery night 2 Jenny 's face , as she try to sleep on a narrow , filthy mattress . her mother maggie lie beside she , crowd she , thrashing about in a troubled , drunken sleep . dissolve to 28 int - room / high bridge orphan asylum 2 Amsterdam , eye wide , lie on a cot in the middle of a long room crowded with kide - this place be a step or two up from the Brewery -- but not a big step . he stare at the ceiling , eye grave , untrouble by the small cry of loneliness and fear that come from some of the bed surround he . as we move close on he eye we ... dissolve to 29 ext . high bridge orphan asylum dusk ... the same eye . but older . smart and full of savagery . it be Amsterdam . he be now in he early 20 , fully grow and no man to trifle with . move with jungle stealth and strength he ... ... burst out the door within the massive frame of a great iron gate over which hang the sign " High Bridge orphan asylum . " he start to run and a title come up ... 1852 pursue by guard , Amsterdam run hell - for-lather for a long vault bridge . it 's a beautiful , stern old romanesque span across the harlem River with roll bank of leafy tree on the far side . even in the twilight , we can see that it be late spring , the end of a long afternoon . CUT to 30 ext . high bridge dusk ( matte ) Amsterdam be on the bridge . but he do not slow up until .... ... two orphanage guard suddenly tackle he . a third guard beat he with a billy club . Amsterdam moan and curse , as much from frustration as pain . second guard it 's blackwell 's Island certain now , boyo . the second guard pull amsterdam up by the hair . third guard be you hurt ? let 's hear you ! Amsterdam will not give he the satisfaction . the Guard hit he . Amsterdam go down , bite he lip so he will not cry out . instead , he force a smile . second guard there 's nothing funny , boyo ! you be beat and turn back four time now . amsterdam but every time you bring I back ... you get to come further to catch I . CUT to 31 ext . corleap ' hook pier night through the thick fog come a ghostly apparition : a tatter skull and crossbone , make of rag , flutter from the mast of a leaky , unstable vessel . the bow of the small boat break the fog , and on board we see : a hulk call sheeny mike kurtz and a huge black kid name jimmy spoil , man the car . johnny sirocco , grow wary and wiry , peer into the fog like a lookout , while shang draper , at the tiller , look anxious . the hull of a large boat suddenly laom in front of they , not five yard away . johnny hard starboard , shang ! hard starboard ! shang ( panic ) I tell you forget that sailor stuff ! which way 's star ... too late . they ticket craft crash into the side with enough force to make a loud thump and to send shang sprawling . sheeny mike ( sarcastic ) why do not we just knock on they front door ? shang gesture for quiet . they wait and listen . no sound from the deck of the boat above they . the boy throw two rope ladder over the rail of the larger ship and start climb . CUT to 32 ext . ship night the boy board the ship and gather on deck . they look around uneasily , spook by the silence and the fog . shang spread out and make for the cabin . move slowly , the boy fan out and move toward the cabin at the far end of the deck . johnny stay close to shang , hold onto the shipl rail for support . shang ( whisper ) nothing . look pick clean . johnny stop . his hand , on the railing , be bloody . on the other side of the deck , sheeny Mike discover more trace of blood and signal shang . shang Bill and the native must have get here first . johnny freeze in terror . shang what ... a long shadow fall across he shoulder . shang jump . stand before he , hold a musket and cover in blood , be the ship 's captain . a butcher' cleaver be imbed between he neck and shoulder . with he die energy , the Captain take AIM at a petrify shang and fire he musket . Jimmy spoil jump the Captain from behind , send the musket ball way wide . but the SOUND of the musket be thunderaus , and echoe through the harbor . the boy panic and head for the side . sheeny mike that will bring the Harbor cop for sure . johnny ( about the dead man ) wait ! take he . if he 's still alive he 's good for ransom ! sheeny mike hel dead as good Friday , can not you ... johnny then we will take Bill the Butcher 's cleaver and sell the body to the medical student . they will go five dollar for it anyway . shang come on . we will get something out of this . shang and johnny start dragging the body . push , pull and mostly panicked , the other help . as they boost the body over the side , the SOUND of a bell cut through the fog . sheeny mike the harbor ! shang shove the body off the side and into the boat . it land with a resounding thud . the boy clamber after it . CUT to 33 ext . boat / river night pushing off with car , tear they rope ladder from the side of the ship , stumbling over the captain 's body , the boy slip off into the fog . the Harbor Police be so close to they they can see a police lantern shine . the boy stay absolutely still . suddenly , we see : the police boat , break through the fog , then disappearing again . sheeny mike we can not go back to corlear hook , they will be watch ... shang we will make for blackwells . jimmy spoil and which way 's that through this fog ? johnny throw he hand up for quiet . from close by come the SOUND of cop' voice . they be near . very near . the boy stay as still as they can ... ... and the voice recede again in the thick fog . jimmy spoil should have ask they direction as they drift by , shang . shang you would have like that , would not you coal face ? you be the only one they would miss in the dark . sheeny mike let 's quiet , or we will all be find out ! as the boy stay still , they boat drift against a outcropping of land and stop . shang alright . we lay up here till first light . then we run back across the river . jimmy spoil ( contemptuously ) River pirate ! spoil settles back and try to sleep . johnny watch shang in the bow . shang be too agitate to notice johnny 's stare . he look away , wait for the sun . CUT to 34 ext - blackwell island dawn shang drowse in the boat , fight fatigue , then succumb to it . but h's bring awake suddenly by a loud splash . he look in the direction of the noise , sees ... ... the body of the slaughter ship 's captain float away in the company . he start to cry out but Amsterdam grab he , lock he throat in the crook of he arm . amsterdam ( to everyone ) push off ! or he pipe snap ! the other boy be too stunne to resist . they push the boat away from the island . amsterdam head straight out , then turn for the current . he push shang away from he . the two boy stare at each ather , finally remember ... shang ( breathe hard ) figure you for dead . amsterdam Close enough . shang this be my crew . and welcome to join , if you have the mettle . we be river pirate and quick thief and street brawler ... amsterdam ( casual disdain ) you be lose . shang yeah ? you have no business say anything against we ! do you know how much you cost we ? you know how much that body 's worth ? amsterdam I doubt it 's worth the water it 's float in . shang Fifteen dollar ! Fifteen dollar from they medical ghouis . amsterdam I will make it back for you whatever it be , once we be in the city . just keep sailing , or we be all do for . shang ( beat ; to crew ) go ahead then . ( beat ; to Amsterdam ) he be in he prime . he would have fetch thirty dollar easy . CUT to 35 int . hideout day a ramshackle room near the dock . it be part meeting hall , part live quarter for the gang , and part clear house forstolen goods . shang preside over a boisterous meeting . jimmy spoil you be as flat as Broadway go north . we can not run the river no more . we be poach the native and the Harbor cop be look for we . shang the cop can go to blaze . who care about they ? sheeny mike youlre all sand when it come to cop , shang . but do you have the sand to go against the native ? shang it be not the time to go against the native . we have get to build first . then we go . jimmy spoil if we go like we do in the river , all of we will sink . Amsterdam be sit off to the side , watch this ongoing debate with contemptuous detachment . johnny sit next to he . amsterdam do shang have the sand to ever go against the native ? johnny I do not know . he act like it . amsterdam if he only act , hold be better on the stage . ( look away ) like she . his tone of voice have change . Jenny everdeane pass before he ; she 's ravish . Amsterdam stare , as if he 's try to see into she heart . Jenny pay he scant attention as she move across the room toward shang . johnny Jenny everdeane . shang turn she into the best bludget in the point . Jenny give shang silk scarf , wallet and several purse from she coat . amsterdam shes he mort , be she , as well as he best provider ? johnny yeah . but Jenny say she 's anyone 's she choose . Jenny 's haul be impressive . shang pick a bright red silk scarf with a distinctive paisley design from the pile of steal goods . he examine it with a shrewd , appreciative eye . shang that 's the prize of the month . spice Islands silk . he put the scart in he coat pocket with a flourish , then throw he arm about Jenny in a proprietary way . shang you will learn we way if you be go to be one of we , Amsterdam . Jenny react slightly to the mention of the name : she look over and recognize Amsterdam now . shang every one of we give a portion of all they steal to the gang . mort more than man , be mort . amsterdam yeah ? and why be that ? shang because mort have more resource . Men can work only on they foot , but a mort can turn out on she back . amsterdam I mean , why give at all ? why do not they keep for themselves ? shang if you think there 's something off about my way of run thing , you get no place in this gang . amsterdam I get no place anyway , and you get no gang . this be not a gang , no matter what you say . it 's a mob . there 's a tense hush in the grubby room . shang take he arm from around Jenny , want to be restrain . jenny ( smile ) it 's all you play now , shang . maybe you can set he right . Jenny hand he a cane . barely manage to hide he reluctance , he start -- slowly -- toward Amsterdam , who stand he ground . the gang step back to give they room in this tiny space . shang pull the cane apart : it 's a sword cane , but Amsterdam show no fear . he shift he weight a little , watch ... and they be interrupt by a ... voice ( happy jack ) you boy settle with I before you settle each other . they turn to he . happy jack I have come for my due and proper , shang . happy Jack mulraney ( the Dead rabbit gang member with the halfparalyzed face ) stand before they in a policeman' uniform - sparkling clean and splendid - - a leather helmet and long coat . in he hand , he twirl a nightstick . shang as agree , then , Jack . refreshment ? shang open the top of the gold - handle sword cane . Inside be large , solid lump of cocaine . Jack reach for the choicest . amsterdam still smile , be you ? happy jack ( size he up ) it 's the young vallon , be it ? I hardly recognize you . amsterdam I hardly know you under that hat , Jack . by now , Jack have take not only the cocaine , and the money and swag shang offer , but several of the purse and wallet Jenny deliver . Jenny stare at he with contempt , and he laugh , toss one of the purse back at she . jack there . for you respect . Jack turn to leave but a brash boy block he way . move fast and fancy , Jack bashes the Boy to the floor with he nightstick . happy jack anybody else ? any number at all , come on . several of the gang make a move toward Jack , but shang wave they back . Jack depart unharmed , to general disgust . Jenny walk back across the room to help the brash Boy . shang glare at Amsterdam , slide he sword back into he cane and follow Jenny , try to explain himself . amsterdam be that sand we have just see ? johnny it 's politics . CUT to 36 ext . paradise square day a hot summer day . all the tradesmen be out in force , jam the square and the side street lead to it . Amsterdam walk fast through the crowd , enjoy the freedom and the bustle , as johnny tag along close behind he . amsterdam I have get my own way to go , why do not you find yours ? johnny because you way 's different , and I want to see where it go . ( Amsterdam look at he ) unless you say otherwise . Amsterdam shrug and keep walk . johnny you act like you have something in mind , like you know every day what you will be do the next . I , I do not figure on tomorrow . amsterdam well , if you shut up a while maybe it would come on its own . ( he stop , look ) now what the hell 's that ? johnny ( follow he glance ) oh that 's heaven . we see what they be look at : the Old Brewery . in worse shape than ever before , but shut - down , abandon . a tatter banner flap against the front door : " future Home of the five point Mission / praise God ! / the reverend shadrach Raleigh , pastor . " johnny the city shut down the Brewery as unfit to live and tammany give it over to this minister . amsterdan what 's tammany ? johnny why tammany ... you do not know ? tammany make the city run . a political organization that 's like ... like the Native Americans , only range over the whole city . CUT to 37 montage as johnny continue to speak , we see tammany tactic in action : ward -healer dispense coal to the poor , and tough steal meat off of butcher 's wagon ; a political parade with fife and drum -and politician -- include boss Tweed -- in ceremonial indian costume , and a group of goons busting up a saloon ; Tweed make a speech to enthusiastic constituent and a tammany Fire company tear through the street , scatter everyone in they way , finally revealing they be not rush to a fire but be crasing off a rival fire company . johnny they seem like the law , but they get a way of act outside the law . anything that happen in this city , on the straight or on the sly , tammany 's a part of , and boss tweedls the heart of tammany . CUT to 38 ext . paradise square , / old brewery day Amsterdam study johnnyls enthusiastic face . johnny they be the best gang there be . amsterdam so if tammany 's the best , go with tammany . what be you run with this mob for ? johnny ' Cause they be more my size for now . with tammany , you get to do something large , something that make they take notice of you . amsterdan you be better oft without they notice . you can run free , work you own scheme . johnny but if you scheme have size , you need size to bring they off . amsterdam what be you think ? johnny shrug , grin : he do not want to give anything away . Amsterdam understand , turn toward the Brewery . amsterdam let I in if you ever get it figure . Amsterdam start toward the Old Brewery , johnny keep step . amsterdam I will go on my own from here . johnny stop and Amsterdam continue on by himself . CUT to 39 int . MAIN room / old brewery echoing . dank . Amsterdam hold a candle high for light . rat skitter . he cross the main floor , enter one of the side tunnel . CUT to 40 int . room / old brewery a tiny room we recognize from the first scene : this be the place where Amsterdam live with he father . he crouch and tear up some floorboard , then quickly lower himself into the hole . CUT to 41 int . under floor / old br.ewery a short tunnel under the Brewery floor , the kind a kid might make . Amsterdam have trouble crawl through it . dirt and rock sprinkle he until he find what he want stick in a shallow hole ; a batter leather money purse ; and a paper -wrapped package . Amsterdam snap open the purse to make sure the little bit of money be still there , then turn he attention to the package . he tear it open . Inside be the pirate knife that Bill the Butcher use to kill Amsterdam 's father . Amsterdam handle the knife carefully as he open it . the candle light make the blade gleam . CUT to 42 ext . alley / old brewery day a shock of summer sunlight as Amsterdam emerge from one of the back entrance of the Brewery onto a fetid alley fill with rotted barrel , break glass and insensible drunk . Amsterdam look carefully up and down the alley , let he eye adjust to the bright light . ahead of he , he sees ... shang draper , in jovial conversation with a second man we do not recognize . the man be barehead , and have a deep scar run back to front clear down the center of he bald head . Amsterdam wait , watch . shang take the red silk scarf he get from Jenny 's swag and hand it to the second man . he and shang shake hand , as if they have conclude a business deal , and the second man walk away . Amsterdam presses himself close to the door as shang look around ... do not see Amsterdam ... and walk off in the opposite direction , across paradise Square . CUT to 43 int - reception room and tweed' office day the main room be as loud and as prosperous as the stock exchange . Bill the Butcher make he way past small group of man engage in heat political dealing of dubious virtue . Bill knock on the door to Tweed 's private office while he 's open it . Inside be boss Tweed , seat in a large wooden BOX like a primitive sauna . around he be various petitioner , and he assistant Daniel killoran . tweed I dread city stimmer . they bring illness and beget vermin . petitioner #l ( gleason ) my plague box fend off all pestilence . its elixir combat ill humor ... killoran we can not have every citizen of the five point box up like cargo . tweed but the season be vicious , and I must take think of we constituent . Mr. gleason , I would like you to shake hand with Mr. barnett baff ... gleason , dubious , shake hand with petitioner # 2 as Bill the Butcher look on with amusement . tweed a friend and owner of a estimable carting service . work out a arrangement whereby the citizenry can receive the benefit of Mr. gleason 's wondrous elixir outside this excellent box . at a cost , Mr. gleason , of how much the barrel ... gleason ( figure rapidly ) oh , perhaps twenty - five dollar . tweed ... and how much , Mr. baff , for haulage and distribution ... baff the same again . at least . tweed at least . that 's a price of fifty dollar . and greedy , low piracy at that ( gleason and baff splutter ) but a price that tammany , in its generosity , will meet . merely submit a bill for a hundred . we will each have half . and I will retain this box for further experiment . hello , Bill . killoran lead the astonished gleason and baff away as Bill approach . tweed bolt the door . Bill comply . as Tweed speak and the anti-plague vapor swirl around he head , he keep he eye close . tweed scotchy lavelle 's go wrong in he account . bill the butcher I know . scotchy 's a good man . tweed not good enough to rake thirty percent of we share from sparrow 's and use it for he own . ( open he eye ) you get to give he over , Bill . bill the butcher I can not do that . no matter what he steal , I still get more from he than any two other . as do you . tweed alright then . what about Charles mcgloin ? he 's run a panel game off to one side . do you know that ? ( Bill shrug ) I can not get a day 's work do for all the good citizen pour in here complain about crime and corruption all over the point . they accuse tammany of carelesoness . some even suspect ... a few practically suggest . ( eying Bill significantly ) ... we complicity with this rampant criminality . we must show they tammany stand behind the letter of the law . we need to set a example . bill the butcher ( beat ) Charles mcgloin will do . tweed I will set the trial for Friday . CUT to 44 ext - tomb day camera move high along the outside wall , past small rectangular slit that pass for jail window . eye peer out , as if a peep show be underway directly below in the tomb courtyard . a prisoner be be readied for the gallow by have a hood tie to he head . the crowd be in a carnival mood ; hot corn girl , STREET vendor , " hokey - pokey " ( i.e. , ice cream ) merchant , even busker , all add to the holiday spirit . Jenny work through the crowd , push and smile she way past group of raucous merrymaker . she stop once or twice to have a word with a gentleman , flirt for a moment , then move on . further back in the crowd , Amsterdam notice she . he watch she go through the crowd with a admiration that quickly turn to fascination as he realize what she 's do : pick pocket . the best bludget in the five point . he start to follow she . Jenny have work she way close to the hang platform , but she 's so intent on she job she have not notice Amsterdam . the closer the platform , the closer the spectacle and richer the picking : Jenny 's concentration be absolute . on the platform , a assistant hangman address the crowd . assistant hangman that interested in the effect of the condemn please come forward . 44 continued : part of the crowd presses in toward the platform , temporarily block Amsterdam 's view of Jenny . he be right against the platform . assistant hangman what be I bid for this coat ? a coat of some wear but excellent cut ... contain a rather remarkable pocket silk ... man in crowd bid a quarter ! hangman a quarter , thank you . do I hear fifty cent ? fifty cent ? the hangman be hold up the condemn man 's coat which contain the red silk scarf Amsterdam see shang give away . Amsterdam flip the hangman a quarter , reach out and grab the handkerchief . amsterdam here . just for the silk . he stuff it into he pocket and start to push he way through the crowd . on the platform , the warden step forward hold a primitive megaphone . warden do you have any last remark , Charles mcgloin ? mcgloin grunt from underneath the hood . mcgloin not from under this hood I do not . crowd near the platform begin to chant " no hood , no hood , no hood ! " the warden put he hand on the hood , start to remove it ... ... and the crowd cheer . Amsterdam turn , sees : Charles mcgloin . bald , with a deep scar run front to back on he head . the very same man he see in the alley with shang . mcgloin acknowledge the cheer of the crowd . the warden hold to megaphone close and mcgloin bellow ... mcgloin I never strike a foul blow or turn a card and may God greet I as a friend ! the crowd roar approval at this word . Amsterdam push through the crowd , look for Jenny ... spotting she finally ... ... while up on the platform , the noose be place around mcgloin 's neck , and he be hoisted up in no time . we hear he neck SNAP . his foot kick after death . the crowd raise a zighty cheer . CUT to 45 ext . / int . broadway and broadway stage day Amsterdam walk with a crowd toward a wait Broadway stage , a vehicle that look like a horsedrawn train car . the stage will take spectator back uptown from the hang . he be work he way toward Jenny , who be now boarding the stage . Amsterdam dash through the crowd and squeezy onto the stage , which move forward with a jolt . once on board , Amsterdam look through the jamme car , sees : Jenny , about to sit down - a man have offer she he seat . she smile dazzlingly as she sit ... ... and arrange she hand genteelly on she lap . the man look down on she and she smile up at he again . he be bequile . Amsterdam manage to get a little closer . man I hope you will not think I rude if I speak . jenny no , sir . you look a proper gentleman down to the ground . as this conversation continue , we watch - not only Jenny and the man in conversation , and Amsterdam watch they ; but we begin to notice what Amsterdam sees . although Jenny 's hand apparently remain fold on she lap , she right hand move slowly out from she wrap ... toward the man ... man well , I would not want you to think I forward , you see . ... and brush past he jacket . he do not notice or feel a thing . Jenny 's hand glide past he thigh ... nearly brush it ... move up across he pelvis and around he buttock ... jenny do it matter to you what I think ? man well , I might like it to . jenny oh . ... toward he pocket . the man be in Jenny 's thrall . he feel nothing and continue to have no idea what be go on . but Amsterdam know . every silken , surreptitious move of she hand across the man 's body be like a caress that Amsterdam can feel . Jenny 's grace be balletic and erotic . as she pick the man 's pocket , she be , without know it , also seduce Amsterdam man I mean , if you would like . jenny I might like , sir . but I can not say now . her hand hover above he pocket , wait for the sway of the stage to match and mask she movement .... man why ? ... and she start to get up as soon as the stage jostle . the entire car full of passenger leans into one another ... ... and Jenny 's hand slide the man 's wallet from he trousers as he recover he balance . Amsterdam watch she withdraw she hand in a flash and hide it beneath she wrap . jenny because this be my stop . man May I walk with you a little , then ? jenny ( firmly ) that would be too bold . man but I will never see you again . jenny I come every Thursday to the tomb to see my father . man I will look for you . Jenny fetch he another fine smile -- it 's almost demure -- and take she way off the rear entrance of the stage . lot pull away up Broadway and Jenny walk briskly toward a alley . CUT to 46 ext . alley / broadway day Jenny look to make sure she have the alley to herself , then move she body a little ... ... and she arm seem to come off . she have be wear a set of artificial arm , hollow inside , which she can leave fold on she lap misleadingly while she go about she pickpockete . she 's fold up the appliance -- cotton sewn over a soft form - when a voice behind she make she turn . amsterdam May I walk with you a little , then ? CUT to 47 ext . broadway day as Jenny and Amsterdam walk through the noisy bustle of the city 's main thoroughfare . jenny be you a spy , then ? amsterdam get no one to spy for . I be a appreciator , you might say . jenny appreciator of what ? amsterdam a good touch . she stop in the street , look he straight in the eye . jenny do not bother with the chat . if you want I , we come to a business arrangement . lf the term be right , then I decide how you suit I . then I do it or not . amsterdam just take a minute , I be just ... jenny I know what you be just . I have year already of what you be just . you know how I get so good at thieve ? so 's I would not have to lay down for everyone who have the ned . now I do it when I want to for how much I want to . otherwise I do not do it , and do not have to do it , and to hell with anyone 's rule but my own . amsterdam what about shang 's rule ? you pay a lot over to he . the better you day , the better he . it do not seem gute right . jenny ( a little curious now ) what 's it to you ? amsterdam give he this . he hand she the red silk scarf . she recognize it instantly as the same one she give shang . amsterdam and you can keep a little more of what you earn . jenny how would you come by this ? amsterdam I get my own touch . jenny be you make I a present , or make a arrangement ? amsterdam it 's you rule , right ? so you decide . she look at he for a moment , then start to tie the scarf around she neck like a kerchief . CUT to 48 int . hideout a gentleman 's wallet skim across a pitte wooden table , straight into shang 's hand . Jenny be give he she CUT . he open the wallet , look up at Jenny . no more goods be forthcoming . Amsterdam , hang back , watch they both . shang sees the red silk scarf , tie around she neck . shang pretty slim cut for a hang day . where would you get that ? jenny from Amsterdam . shang ( beat ) it do not suit you . CUT to 49 ext . STREET and paradise square night a swelter evening . the street be jamme with reveler and resident . some people sleep in doorway in futile search for fresh air . happy Jack mulraney lead a group of apprehensive uptown citizen past drunk and whore . jack commissioner brunt say to spare you nothing concern condition . citizen nothing but we safety , of course . jack all 's snug around paradise Square in my company , squire . see there . he gesture toward the street , down which one oi Mr. barnett baff 's cart be be draw by a team of wheeze nag . the cart bear massive barrel of what a colorful banner advertise as " a anti-pestilence influenza-thwarting solution ... a service of tammany Hall . " as the wagon draw abreast of a large group of languish resident , hose spurt wave of solution all over the street . many people be soaked . Jack and he citizen jump back just in time . ' jack tammany make the street nanitary , I make ' be safe . woman citizen ( apprehensive ) even against they ? a small distance behind the anti-plague cart , move in rough formation , come some of shang 's mob , head aimlessly across the Square cruise for action jack against they especially . let I demonstrate . Jack take out he gold watch and chain , which he hang carefully over a nearby lamppost . then , very casually , he lead the citizen off . jack we will be back for this at we leisure . woman citizen you dare leave it here ? jack safe as a vault , lady . since all know it 's mine . the gang draw abreast of the lamppost . no one make a move to take the watch until one of the youngest boy reach out ... but shang knock he hand away . Jack , at a distance , nods approvingly . shang you know that 's Jack 's . boy so what ? amsterdam it should be hangin ' off Jack 's vest , then . not here , like some war flag . shang that watch be a small price for free run of the point . amsterdam if it 's free , how come we pay so much ? wo should not pay for what 's we due . shang we do not tight when we do not have to . it 's not warring that count . it 's the live day to day . ansterdam ( smile ) be that right ? do I hear that correct ? John , do we hear that correct ? eye now on johnny . Jenny look at he with great interest . JOHN ( uneasy pause ) we hear the same . amsterdam so then . he reach for the watch . CUT to 50 ext . STREET and paradise square night happy Jack stand at the lamppost , aghast . a woman lower she head and retch . jackl watch and chain be still in place . but the watch have be smashed . and hang from the chain be a black cat , skinned and strangle . CUT to 51 int - hideout happy Jack stand with he citizen . the room quiet as , one by one , the mob notice he . jack you ! he grab the Young Boy who have reach for he watch on the lamppost and start to beat he . jack what would you do to my watch , you dirty little bastard ... Jack break the Boy 's hand with he nightstick . the Boy scream and faint . so do one of the woman in the group . Jack take the Boy 's other hand . jack hand will not be so quick in future . shang that 's enough sport this evening , Jack . johnny ( step forward ) it be not he . all turn to look at johnny . Jack drop the Boy 's hand . johnny I have word for you from who do it . you be to meet he at sparrow 's chinese pagoda . CUT to 52 int . spaprow' chinese pagoda night a low and lunatic place : a combination of a opium dream out of the Arabian Night and a panel from a bosch triptych . fan - tan game play by oriental ; women and child of various color suspend in cage from the ceiling as men and women in a secondfloor gallery point at they and joke . on the main floor , a long line wait for a shot at the barrel of all - sort . Jack charge in the front door , look around . jack all right , step out , you yellow ... all the noise subside . only the fan-tan game continue ; nothing be so interesting that this oriental will stop gambling . now Amsterdam step right in front of he . it 's a grandstand play . amsterdam hello , happy Jack . I be the one you be look for . jack then you be mark for dead . Jack lunge ahead , swinging he night stick . Amsterdam throw a chair across he path . Jack stumble , go down , drop he night stick . Amsterdam grab it , jump on top of he , hit he twice on the side of the head . there be a cracking SOUND . the patron of the pagoda gather round . CUT to 53 int . sparrow' chinese pagoda night later . festive again . and no sign of Amsterdam . two patron step away from the all - sort barrel . hanging from the spigot like the cat from the watch chain be the body of happy Jack mulraney . the belt have be remove from he trousers , tie like a noose around he throat , then looped over the spigot . his teeth lie scattered on the floor around he . his night stick have be jamme down he throat . CUT to 54 ext . dock / hideout night Amsterdam hold the fancy coat from Jack 's uniform over he arm . carefully , he drape the coat over Jenny 's shoulder . shang step forward . shang I give no order for this . Amsterdam say nothing at first , just hold he hand out : he 's hold the red silk sckrf . amsterdam ( very quietly ) never mind give order . what be you give this for ? shang I be call you out , Amsterdam . amsterdam I get this at the hang . it be Charles mcgloin 's . everybody here see you take it from Jenny . what be mcgloin do with it ? what would you give it to he for ? shang I do not give it to he . why would I give it to he ? amsterdam I gaw you give it to he . last week , behind the Old Brewery . shang ( to group ) he 's go flat . I get no reason to trade with the Native Americans . amsterdam what about step up in the world , as it be , and leave the rest of we behind . there 's a reason . make a separate arrangement for yourself with the one Native so stupid and luckless that he get hang . that 's you to the ground , shang . shang ( very edgy now ; to group ) who believe what he 's say ? can any of you believe what he 's say ? amsterdam bene . we will see . any of you that believe I do proper by happy Jack mulraney tonight , stand beside I . any of you that still like shang 's way with the cop , and shang 's way with the native , go to he . ( to shang ) or should we settle right now , you and I , and just see which of we be leave stand ? shang let see where they stand . Jenny rise , stand next to Amsterdam . Jimmy spoil , johnny , sheeny Mike be next . now the other member of the mob move in cluster to all stand with Amsterdam . amsterdam what 's you pleasure , shang ? one of the young boy have a dead rat blackjack hang from he belt . shang grab it . he bite the head oft the rat and spit it across at Amsterdam . Amsterdam almost smile at he . shang sneer , drop the body of the rat , and leave . amsterdam this mob ever have a proper name ? johnny we be call after shang when we be name at all . amsterdam we be the Dead rabbit from now . they be the best . they be history . they be legend , and we will live up to they . CUT to 55 ext . dock / waterfront night Amsterdam sit on a empty pier , watch the ship in the river . there 's a sudden rustling noise as a noose coil around he neck . it 's Jenny . she 's slip the silk Amsterdam give she close to he throat , and she 's tightening it . Amsterdam start to resist . then he see how 's she 's look at he . she use the silk to bring he face closer to hers . she kiss he . amsterdam what 's this then ? jenny payment for the silk . then drop the silk from he throat and start to touch he . then he hand be under she skirt . then , under the cloudy moonlight , they start to make love . CUT to 56 ext . dock / waterfront night later . Amsterdam pull happy Jack 's uniform coat over Jenny to keep she warm in the chill air . jenny you be wait for I out here , be not you ? amsterdam maybe I be , yeah . jenny you be that sure of I ? amsterdam sure enough to wait , anyway . wait do not cost nothing . jenny it do not do to be sure . I could go away just as easy . amsterdam alright . he sweep the coat away from she body , allow she to leave . jenny I will say when I want to , not you . amsterdam stay then . ( beat ; smile ) one way or another , I get what I want . jenny ( look at he ) yeah . if it be just a shag you want . amsterdam you be a gypsy , be you , come to tell my fortune ? go ahead then . tell I what I be want . jenny you get blood in you eye for someone . amsterdam it 's just I can not look away , that 's all . jenny who from ? amsterdam Bill poole . jenny you better get someone else in you sight . no one 's ever take he . amsterdam ' Cause he 's mine , that 's why . I will take he one eye , and then the rest of he , piece by small piece . jenny you have a plan for this ? you go to raise a militia ? I will wager Bill the Butcher do not even know about you or care if he do . amsterdam he will know about I soon enough . jenny and after the Butcher ? amsterdam you . jenny be that so ? amsterdam you will be in love with I . jenny Love you ? you just have I . you can have a mort any time you want . so why look for more than that . amsterdam that 's take love , not give it . I want it to be just you and I , no one else for either . jenny why ? amsterdam ' Cause none of we mean nothing in life except one to the other . jenny I do not know I want to mean something , to you or anybody . can there be good in that ? he stare at she . amsterdam we will see . Jenny pull the coat tighter around she . jenny it will take a while if we do . if we ever do . amsterdam and what about the meantime ? jenny meantime 's business . CUT to 57 ext paradise square day a crowd gather in one of the main thoroughfare bisect the 5 point . a beefy speaker be make a anti-irish speech on behalf of James W. barker , a mayoral candidate support by tammany 's current rival , the know -nothing Party . Hand -paint sign be everywhere , bear barker 's unsavory likeness . a couple of busker provide a musical score for the political spiel . speaker the potato be a thick vegetable . heavy . meaty . come out of the ground dirty and stay that way unless you scrub it and boil it to death ! ( cheer and laugh from crowd ) we do not want to keep lem out of the country ! we will even give them a place at we table ! but we be not gonna vote them into office . much cheering and jovial approval from the crowd . on its fringe , Amsterdam and the Dead rabbit make they way roughly across the Square . sheeny mike any irish hear that will be out for blood . amsterdam the irish be too busy building up tammany . that 's where they brain and muscle go . once they be inside with they croney , they turn on they own outside . tammany would steal the air and rent the daylight if they could . sheeny mike we would do the same . amsterdkm not against we own we would not . that 's the difference . johnny tammany earn better . that 's the difference . amsterdam I be not see they ned yet . johnny stop walk , betray slight annoyance that he have to explain the day 's deal . johnny you will at day 's end , that 's we arrangement . a quarter a voter , whether they be repeater or not . I be tell you , we get a square deal . sheeny mike it 's sound , Amsterdam . amsterdam yeah ? well , it 's ned anyway . just make sure you count it when we get it . johnny it 's just a day 's job , we do not have to make it a life 's work . we work for tammany today and kill they tomorrow , if that 's we pleasure . jimmy spoil so we be politician just for today . amsterdam not for a minute . we be better than that . we be thief . CUT to 58 montage the Dead rabbit go about the business of round up tammany voter . they pick up drunk in alley ; Jenny and some of the Dead rabbit mort raust patron in a whore house ; rabbit shanghai sailor from saloon ; corral citizen as they walk along the street , either wheedling or bully to get they to vote . it 's the strong arm of democracy . CUT to 59 ext . polling place day on one side of the door , some Dead rabbit , with a rabble of potential voter ; on the other , police do they best . behind and all around , various ward heeler and SMALL - time politician , represent both the know -nothing candidate barker and tammany 's Fernando Wood . varicus faction push and pull at one another as they wedge they voter into the poll . jimmy spoil he 's get the right to vote , damn you ! cop not four time he do not . ( shove a voter ) there will be no damned repeater here ! the cop and Jimmy play tug -of - war with a besotted voter , while other gang member rush to grab voter leave the poll . pandemonium . CUT to 60 int . tammany hall day the main floor be jamme with clubmen and party rack . Daniel killoran bustles from group to group , make promise , take note and search out boss Tweed , who be hold court in a far corner , surround by journalist . boss tweed I would never speak ill of a rival . I would never say that every know -nothing be a horse thief . it be my observation , however , that every horse thief be a know -nothing . good-nature laughing all around . even tweed seem amused . killoran catch the boss ' eye and whisper to he . killoran the know - nothing be already finish , and there 's four more hour at the poll yet . boss tweed keep we man voting . everybody work today . it 's not a victory we need , Daniel . I want a triumph . CUT to 61 int . don whiskerandoso barber shop day Amsterdam roughly deposit repeat voter in the barber chair , as the barber work frantically to cut they hair , prune beard , and otherwise alter appearance . as soon as one customer be do , sheeny Mike douse he with bay rum and push another repeater down in he place . johnny keep count of the turnover . don whiskerandos ( barber ) now that 's eight ... and how many still to come ... he look toward the door , where more repeater be line up , wait they turn under close supervision . repeater I already vote once today . cast for tammany , by God , and Fernando Wood . amsterdam once ? come here and do you duty . Amsterdam grab he and slam he down in a chair . CUT to 62 int . fan - tan parlor day Amsterdam and some rabbit burst into the front door , frightening and scatter all the chinese gambler . amsterdam ( bark order ) line up like soldier ! sheeny mike they get no notion what you be talk about . amsterdam ( to johnny ) you explain they democratic right . illl see they unterstand . Amsterdam grab the nearest two chinese by they pigtail and hurl they against the wall . CUT to 63 int . opium den Amsterdam and the rabbit prowl the murky darkness where opium eater lie in bunk stack high against the wall . the rabbit start rousing and round up the opium eater . Jimmy spoil sling a couple over he shoulder like flour sack . Amsterdam shove two more out the door , past a admire Daniel killoran . killoran ( to johnny ) I come to see if we count square . you boy have make a remarkable show .... amsterdam who the hell 's this ? johnny he 's we tammany man . killoran compare he figure to the piece of paper where johnny have be keep he own count . killoran ... remarkable ... amsterdam ( with a edge ) we own tammany man . we be come along . happy to meet any friend of johnny siroccol . killoran likewise . pleasure to meet the best but one in the whole five point . amsterdam best but one ? who 's better ? killoran look up . johnny , stand behind Amsterdam , shake he head " no " vigorously . killoran get the message . killoran ( smooth ) maybe nobody . but when the count 's do the number will tell who 's come out in front . amsterdam I be in no race . just pay we what you owe . killoran tonight . at the victory celebration . CUT to 64 int . sparrow' chinese pagoda a tammany victory celebration . when we last see this place -- as Amsterdam confront happy Jack -- the place be busy , alive . it 's riotous now , jamme to burst with politician , criminals , gang member , mort , whore , hanger -on , uptown thrill - seeker , journalist and cop , not all of they off duty . the SOUND of the place be a cacophony of shout , singing , gambling and strange music -- which we can not identify at first . we start close on a huge ruby ring and we hear ... boss tweed ( v.o. ) read what it say there , alongside the ruby ... read it out ... ... and we move out as a well - wisher read the Latin inscription . 64 continued : well -wisher " fortuna juvat ordentes . " tweed a grand victory gift from the man of tammany . now , tell them what it mean , Mayor Wood . wood " fortune favor the bold . " tweed give he a resounding slap on the back . boss tweed what do you think ? would that make a fit motto for we fair City ? wood well , I could certainly see ... killoran ( interrupt ) we have get a motto . boss tweed what be it ? ( no one know ) well , hell , let 's get one we can remember . we be go to build a new City hall , we better have something to put over the front door . and Mayor , you will make sure the Latin 's right ? as Wood nod he assent , camera move across room ... ... past the gild cage suspend ten foot over the floor , where the woman and child look down at the action just below they with a mixture of trepidation and resignation . occasionally a reveler will jump up to try and grab one of the cage inhabitant . still moving , camera ... ... pass a stage , where we finally see the source of all the strange music we have be hearing : the music be provide by chinese musician , a woman singer , a dancer and some acrobat . they perform some weird , mangle five point version of chinese opera . the music and performance continue as we move past ... ... across a pewter fan - tan table , where chinese gambler play with fierce animation and concentration . by comparison , the occidental type play beside they seem like tourist . everyone shout and scramble to place bet with the fan - tan dealer . above the Dealer be a oval open in the ceiling , through which other player may watch the action below . this fan - tan player lean over a elegantly carve rail , peer at the action on the table below , place they bet and collect they winning by mean of a basket attach to wire that whirr constantly overhead . we continue to move past ... ... until we be at the door of the place , where Amsterdam , johnny and the rabbit be have word with a bouncer . bouncer I do not know you , you do not enter . amsterdam ( enjoy himself ) come on , what be you say ? if you do not know we now , you will know we tomorrow and you will be work for we next week . johnny ( more temperate ) Daniel killoran know we . bouncer oh he do ? johnny we work for he . amsterdam the hell we do . johnny ( to Amsterdam ) tampen down , will you ? bouncer why do not you all get the hell out of here and go fix on a story ? go on ! he shove johnny , who stumble back into Amsterdam . they be both mad now , and they step forward together toward the bouncer ... ... until killoran intervene . killoran ( to bouncer ) it 's all right , nat . they be say the truth . they give a good day 's work for a good wage . killoran hand over a paper - wrap parcel of money , which Amsterdam take firmly . killoran a fine first show . but second best . amsterdam second , eh ? you do not say so . killoran it 's no shame to be best by veteran . the Native Americans always sweep the field . amsterdam what ? killoran we count on they sure as mass come a Sunday . amsterdam ( to johnny , glaring ) do you know this ? be this some scheme of yours ? johnny no , I do not have no idea ... amsterdam I be work the same side as the native ? the native ? killoran that 's only right . Bill the Butcher 's we ambassador throughout the point , as you might say . it 's deem a honor to work with he . everyone know Bill poole , everyone fear he , everyone ... amsterdam I sure as hell do not fear he . and I sure as hell will not stand with he , or any who call he one of theirs . killoran well , if it 's matter of personal honor , the money can only be a further insult . I have no wish to rile you further , so if you will allow I ... he reach to take back the parcel of money , but Amsterdam bat he hand away . amsterdam where be he ? where 's Bill the Butcher ? killoran listen , buck . this be a tammany night . if you and Bill poole have matter to settle , you can do it any other time , any other place , I do not give a good dance goddamn . but you do it here tonight and all the five point will be down on you like the righteous wrath of heaven . or you could , as the Book say , put away childish thing . join the celebration . personally , I always find the least strenuous solution the most appeal . do not you ? Amsterdam stare at he as we ... CUT to 65 int . sparrow' chinese pagoda as a chinese acrobat twirl in the air , off the stage , and land in the middle of the audience . the crowd be raucously appreciative as the acrobat do gymnastic move among they ... ... past a table where the Dead rabbit have settle . it be later in the evening , and everyone have be drink . Amsterdam , sullen , intense , watch ... .. Bill the Butcher , across the room . he be like a prince regent . everyone pay he court , include several uniform cop , tammany hanger - on , and newspapermen . Bill receive the attention as he due .... ... while Amsterdam keep watch , contempt and hatred gleam in he eye . he pay attention to none of the gang around , include Jenny . johnny take advantage of the situation . johnny I get experience . it 's the education I lack . jenny and you hear I be a good teacher ? johnny I do not listen to talk , I figure for myself . and I figure you would be good at everything you do . jenny that 's right . johnny and tonight I get the ned . jenny and now what ? johnny now I be ready for you . unless there 's a arrangement between you and Amsterdam . jenny ( glance over at Amsterdam ) not to my think . johnny ( need to be sure ) Amsterdam ... listen up , Amsterdam ... Amsterdam glance over at they . jenny ( to johnny ) you go with I or he ? it 's my think matter here . you do not have to ask he nothing . amsterdam what ? johnny ( make he decision ) how 's the evening pass ? amsterdam Fine . why ? johnny ( put he arm around Jenny ) ' Cause it 's treat I fine too . she get up and start toward the stair to the second floor , johnny follow she , hold she hand . as they pass Amsterdam he leans toward Jenny . amsterdam this be no game , you and I . do not go on like it 's a game . jenny I say already , it 's not a game . it 's business . johnny pull she away . as he watch she go through the crowd , Amsterdam 's gaze fall on Bill the Butcher again ... ... and for the first tine they eye meet . Bill 's eye rest on Amsterdam , take he all in ... but don't remember he . he look away as a tammany hack step up to pay court .... .... and a master of revel , center - floor , shout ... master of revel gentlemen and gentlewome , if you please ... we will now ... raise the cage and start the bid ! the crowd cheer and kide pull on a series of rope and pulley to raise the cage further above the floor until they be parallel with the second - floor gallery of the pagoda . women and men call out bid even as the cage rise through the air . depend on they age , the woman and child inside the cage respond to the auction with grim resignation , trepidation or fear . a few , drugge or drunk on all - sort , lie insensible in they impossibly cramped space . johnny and Jenny make they way along the second floor gallery until she spot a couple leaving a room and walk inside . johnny close the door behind they as a burst of applause ... ... rise from the main floor , where Bill the Butcher stand in the dead center of the room . he slowly remove he coat and hand it to a flunky . he be wear he battle vest underneath , and it be fully rig with all he butcher 's implement . the place quiet . kide swarm silently , like busy ant , all over a huge wooden chandelier , lighting its hundred of candle . only the noise from the chinese play fan-tan in the far corner of the room can be hear now . the kid finish lighting the candle and the chandelier be raised toward the pagoda ceiling , casting the whole place into a new riot of light and shadow as the Butcher prepare himself . now the chinese Opera dancer step forward and stand near Bill . he nods . the unsprung music begin . the dancer start to move , sinuously ... ... and Bill , with amazing skill , start throwing he knive . the knife miss the dancer by a hairsbreadth , landing in the floor near she foot . she do not flinch . she keep dance . and Bill keep throwing ... ... the knive , which follow the dancer around the room in a careful , deadly choreography . they land just inch from where she have just be , or will be : in a wall ; a pillar ; the apron of the small stage ; the bar ; the barrel of all - sort . after each knife land , kid retrieve it . when one of the knife kide pull the blade from the all - sort barrel , drunk knock each other over to drink from the stream that flow from the hole . Native Americans , meanwhile , work through the awed , attentive crowd . they avoid cop , tammany member and anyone who look too prosperous or too sober . but when one of the native spot a marginal citizen , they grab he hand and examine it as if they be tell fortune . Center floor , Bill pull two knive out , balance one in each hand ... ... as a whore in the crowd push a guy who 's grop she toward a couple of native . hel wear a large ring . as soon as the native see the ring they throw they arm around the groper like a long - lose pal and escort he to Bill ... ... who throws both knife rapidly at the dancer . they land on the floor , inch from she dance foot . she spin away to great applause as the native bring the groper to Bill . bill the butcher even , sir . be you prepare to be celebrate ? be you ready to be famous ? groper how much will it cost ? bill the butcher just a moment of you time . my man will assist you . they do quite a bit more than that : they grab the groper and knock he to the floor . in the crowd , one spectator turn to he companion . pagoda spectator watch this careful . I have never see the like , not even in barnum 's Museum . the groper cry out as the native pin he to the floor , spreadeagled . Bill have one weapon leave ... in a special pocket , inside he vest . it 's he cleaver . he take it out slowly , savoring the moment . the pagoda go quiet . only the gambling continue . the music die . the only SOUND beside the noise of the chinese at they fan-tan be the groper , who hollers for help as soon as he see the cleaver . Bill heft the cleaver in he hand , feel its weight , calculate timing , figure distance .... and start throwing it in the air ... ... catch it by the handle ... then throw it again ... higher , faster and harder with every toss . bill the butcher ( in full control ) what 's it so quiet for ? I do not need quiet . the chinese opera music commence with a dissonant crash ... ... and Bill catch the cleaver again . but every time he throw it and every time he catch it by its handle ... ... he also move closer to the terrify groper . now ... stand very close ... he give the cleaver a mighty toss ... ... send it spinning high in the air ... up past the cage ... past the second - floor gallery , jamme with appreciative spectator ... until it slow ... seem to hang in the air ... then start its descent ... ... falling faster ... towards Bill 's wait , steady hand . the groper scream in fear . Bill smile confidently , hold he hand out until ... just as smoothly , just as confidently ... ... he pull he hand away and the cleaver fall with terrific impact on the splayed hand of the groper , cleanly severing it at the wrist . the groper faint dead away as a tremendous cheer greet Bill 's amazing feat . one of the native toss Bill the severe hand . Bill slide the ring off the finger and toss it to the chinese dancer . bill the butcher there 's for you beauty and you song . the dancer put the ring on she finger and dance off . Bill toss the hand to the floor and walk back to he table . the crowd part , murmure compliment on he dexterity , and the knife kid reverently return the Butcher 's implement . now two dog from the rat pit in the back room run through the crowd and fight frenziedly over possession of the bloody hand . the crowd pass the groper overhead and we see from above : the groper 's unconscicus body be pass from hand to hand . the crowd look like a wave bear the body toward the door . the groper 's stump bleed on they as he pass overhead , sprinkle drop of blood and flesh like a moveable sacrament . Bill approach he table , acknowledge the continue adulation , and be about to sit down when a voice rise above all other . amsterdam Mr. poole ! Bill turn , search out the voice ... amsterdam Bill poole ! and sees Amsterdam , stand at he own table . his attitude be calm , smile , respectful . but he eye be demonic . amsterdam my compliment on you exhibition , sir . bill the butcher thank you , sir . amsterdam it be like watch a dance . ( Bill nod he thanks ) some great grand goddamn dance . ( Bill look at he more closely ) you know I , sir . bill the butcher do I ? be you miss a finger ? appreciative laughter from the crowd . amsterdam no . a father . the laughter turn a little uneasy . Bill the Butcher size up the young man . bill the butcher do you have a name ? amsterdam Amsterdam . bill the butcher that 's a New York name . ( suddenly smile ) shall we drink to it ? amsterdam indeed . ( they drink ) and to my other name . vallon . will you drink to that ? bill the butcher Priest vallon 's son ? ( Amsterdam nod ) of course I will drink to that . you father be a worthy man . amsterdam not worthy of you . that dog be not worthy of you . you be not worth what they feed on , and what they shit 's too good for you . dead quiet . absolute . breathless . only the chinese gambler at they fan-tan ignore this confrontation . bill the butcher what do you want , boyo ? amsterdam I get to give you something , Butcher . something from my father . Amsterdam pull out the piratel knife which Bill the Butcher use to kill he father almost 12 year before . bill the butcher you get the sand to draw a blade in front of I ? you will make good sport . come ahead and give it here , you son of a bitch . and Amsterdam throws the knife , the bright blade flashing out of he hand like lightning . and just as quickly the buitcher pick up he table , send glass fly and break , use it as a shield ... ... and the knife thump into it dead center . the Butcher heave the table at Amsterdam ... send patron yell and scatter . Amsterdam leap out of the way of the table , then run at Bill the Butcher ... ... who 's already come for he . as they clash and grapple with each other ... ... patron all over the pagoda crowd around for a good view of the action and start to make bet on the outcome . the odd do not favor Amsterdam . and neither do the fight . Amsterdam fight with real blood lust , but he do not have the Butcher 's skill , or experience , or dispassion . he break the Butcher 's clinch ... hit he once in the face ... then a second time ... and then get floored by a well place kick . the crowd cheer . and , on the second floor , Jenny and johnny come out of the room . still arrange she clothes , Jenny look over the gallery rail onto the floor below , see the fight ... and start to run down the stair . johnny watch she go ... look at the fight again , for a second ... then follow Jenny to the main floor . the Butcher be on top of Amsterdam now . he hit he upside the head with the wood and brass handle of he cleaver . then hit he again . and again . in the crowd now , Jenny find sheeny Mike . jenny the Butcher will kill he if we do not do something . sheeny mike it be Amsterdam 's own do . and it will be we death too if we try to stop it . johnny ( finally catch up ) that 's the truth . jenny the truth be you do not give a damn about he . sheeny mike yeah , well , if he give a damn about we he would not have call out the Butcher in the first place . Jenny look at he with contempt , then start into the crowd . johnny grab she arm but she push he off . on the floor , Bill use the flat side of the cleaver to smack the barely conscious Amsterdam on one side of he face ... then on the other ... repeatedly ... until Amsterdam be barely sensible . Bill grab he by the hair . Amsterdam 's body be slack . bill the butcher what do you say ? loin or shank ? Rib or chop ? the crowd yell they choice . Jenny try to plunge through toward Amsterdam , but a half - dozen mort and whore put hand on she and hold she back . bill the butcher come on , let I hear you ! ( the crowd yell louder ) you be all talk at once , I can not hear you ! ( a near frenzy ) I do not hear the choicest cut ! the best , the vital ! ( they quiet a little to listen ) the heart . I think I must have the heart ! this be greet with the biggest cheer of the night . the newlyelected Mayor Wood seem to feel as if he should do something to stop the slaughter , but boss Tweed calm he with a single dismissive gesture . even the boss himself be excited by the prospect of this ritual sacrifice . bill the butcher come on , look at it ! you fancy yourself a gladiator , act a gladiator ! ( raise he cleaver ) watch the death blow when it come to you . go to hell with open eye ! Bill the Butcher ready himself to deliver the blow ... and a hand grab he wrist , stopping he arm . who would dare do this to Bill the Butcher ? Bill turn , incredulous , to look into ... ... the untrouble face of monk eastman . monk eastman it 's be a full evening 's fun now , Butcher . it 's enough . bill the butcher you get nothing to do with this , monk . monk eastmkn well I be the game warden , you might say . I be tell you this buck 's too young yet . wait till he 's age for a proper kill . bill the butcher the hell . with he gigantic strength , monk actually pull the Butcher off Amsterdam and onto he foot . monk eastmkn just settle yourself Bill ... ... and he part shove , part throws Bill back a good twenty foot . monk eastmkn ... and let the merrymake continue . the Dead rabbit have scampere forward , and they be pick Amsterdam up off the floor . monk look at Jenny and johnny , who each have Amsterdam by a arm . monk eastman it be he father take I in first , and it 's thanks I be return now . bill the butcher eastman ! monk eastman ( ignore Bill ) this square any debt . get he out of here . bill the butcher monk eastman ! as the rabbit carry Amsterdam toward the door , monk finally turn he attention back to Bill . bill the butcher I will have you then ! monk eastman come ahead , Bill . unless you be want to shout I to death . and Bill come forward , brandishing he cleaver . monk eastman stand he ground , unmove , untrouble . everyone look on in awe at this contest ... ... except boss Tweed . boss tweed ( to killoran ) if this two be go to combat , it aught to be a worthier occasion . and more reward for all . Tweed signal to Bill : stop . the Butcher see the signal but can not believe it . he shake he head . his blood be up . he will not stop . Tweed signal again . Bill keep coming . Tweed signal killoran , who stand himself . and , when he stand , every cop and tammany loyalist in the place -- a hundred of they anyway -- stand behind boss Tweed . as Bill keep come , and monk stand easy , wait ... ... the native and they ally now stand , face the tammany crew . the tammany backer , dress flush and fancy , face the scruffier , more savage five point bunch : the twin faction of the criminal underworld , so different in style and so similar in purpose , size each other up from opposite side of the room . Bill stop . the odd be shifting , the stake be climb . even the chinese stop gambling . for the first time all evening the room be absolutely still . even the Dead rabbit have turn , at the door , to see what will happen . Tweed and the Butcher lock eye : neither blink . then after a moment ... a very long moment ... a calm , bemuse Tweed raise he glass . boss tweed I only want to thank you , Bill , for the customary good job today ... and a equally bright future for we both . another pause . Bill do not look placate . the whole place seem ready to explode ... ... until boss Tweed rise to he foot , and raise he glass higher . boss tweed will you drink with I , Bill , as a friend ? a honore friend . Bill weigh the proposition ... then look to he man , nods he head to call they off . he grab a glass off a table to join Tweed 's toast . the music begin again . the gambling recommence . patron take they seat . the Dead rabbit help Amsterdam out the door . monk eastman sidle up to Bill the Butcher . monk eastman if there 's one thing I can not abide , it 's fight for free . he take the Butcher 's glass from he hand , raise it in salute , drink deep and hand it back to he . at the door of the pagoda , a badly beat ansterdam start flailing and fight by brute instinct . he hit Jenny , and she go down . johnny grapples with he as Jenny pick herself up and struggle to help subdue Amsterdam . jenny go easy ! go easy . it 's over . johnny he know what he be do , hit you . jenny let 's get he up . she grab Amsterdam 's arm and , with johnny 's help , try to hoist he back to he foot . jenny ( look at Amsterdam 's bloody face ) therel too damn little of he leave to know anything . they start across paradise Square , hold he up ... ... as the rest of the Dead rabbit join to help they ... all grow smaller in the distance against the primeval nighttime landscape of the five point ... ... and the bouncer close the door . dissolve to 66 int . don whiskerandos barber shop day another door open , and Amsterdam stand on the threshold . a week or so have pass since the big night at sparrow 's pagoda , but Amsterdam 's face still show the mark of Bill 's beat . Don Whiskerando be minister to monk eastman with a straight razor , give he a close and careful shave . monk be thoroughly relaxed , do not even glance over when the door open , hardly react when Don Whiskerando say .... don whiskerandos someone 's here for you . monk eastman that so ? what 's he look like ? don whiskerandos he look pretty damned sorry . monk eastman ( look at Amsterdam ) indeed . - can I buy you a shave ? amsterdam no thanks . monk eastman face be too sore , eh ? I understand . amsterdam no . I be beholden enough to you as it be . I do not like to be beholden . monk eastman we be all even , son . there 's nothing more between we . amsterdam I would like it if there be . monk eastman be you propose employment ? amsterdam a collaboration . the Dead rabbit get to get strong before we make another move . I figure you be the one to make we strong . there 's a lot we can learn from you . monk eastman boyo , I be a freebooter and a mercenary , not a teacher . I can not learn nothing from you and I can not earn nothing from you either . amsterdam the Dead rabbit be go to be glorious again . we be go to reign over the point . monk eastman and Bill poole 's native ? what will they have to say ? amsterdam nothing . they will not have tongue leave to speak . monk eastman do not worry about what theylll have in they mouth . you think about what they get in they hand . ( beat ) listen , son ... take a word from a man who be honore to fight beside you father . temper yourself like a sword , and pay attention to balance . anger spoil a edge . amsterdam then you say no ? monk sigh and point to a huge war club which hang in a place of honor above the shop mirror . it have deep mark run along its front , like notches - monk eastman you see my instrument there ? first notch represent two dollar and fifty cent . that 's how much I get for my first kill . there be forty - eight more notches after it , and my fee have grow with each one . I can accommodate you alright , but you get to afford I . so do business with I or do it on you own . amsterdam everything I get be still to come . so I guess it 's on my own , then . monk eastman Fair enough . you will find independence a fine thing , a fierce thing . although I do hold money preferable to all . ( Amsterdam turn to leave ) but I be sure we will have news of each other . amsterdam bound to . as he shut the door of the shop , monk eastman gesture to Don Whiskerando for another hot towel . CUT to 67 ext . street off paradise square day a large wagon bear a tammany banner and carry dozen of small sack of coal move slowly down the narrow street . boss Tweed sit on the front seat , next to the driver , as he minion hand he coal sack . Tweed distribute they with a smile to the needy who trot next to the wagon . boss tweed ( to the people as they grab the coal ) tammany 's here to take the chill off the winter and the weight off you heart . it 's tammany can make this city a fit place , with the help and vote of all you good people ... as he continue , Bill the Butcher jump onto the wagon and sit down beside he . boss Tweed hardly give he a glance . bill the butcher you send I word . boss tweed we could use help here . grab a sack . bill the butcher I keep my hand clean . boss tweed ( now he look at he ) so I have observe . bill the butcher ( tense ) better be on you mark to talk like that to I . it be you stop I at the pagoda . I would have cut monk inside out . boss tweed what if you have not ? think of the embarrassment . and what if you have ? consider the waste . next time you be in a dust - up like that , think ahead and make proper plan . it would be a grand source of revenue , whoever prevail . bill the butcher it touch my heart how you always . have we best interest in mind . boss tweed we mutual interest . that 's why I want you to contact monk eastman . ( Bill 's incredulous ) I want you to extend a proposition . I want he to join US . bill the butcher what ? boss tweed oh , not tammany , of course not . we could no more have he there than you . but he should throw in with the Native Americans , become aware of we arrangement and ... well , use he influence , shall we say , to enrich we all . bill the butcher you be say I can not do everything you need ? you do not think the native have be do good and right ? you think there 's something more he can do that I ... boss tweed ( interrupt ) it 's none of that , Bill . none of that . his independence be like a rebuke to tammany . and a insult to you . bill the butcher then you should have let I have he at sparrow 's . boss tweed I should . if I would be confident - absolutely certain -- that you would have prevaile . monk be a unpredictable power , and a figure of size . he need to be reckone with . bill the butcher he need to be kill . boss tweed no . he 's a elemental force . they you do not destroy . but you can contain they and use they for the good they give off . he hand Bill a sack of coal . boss tweed coal ? Bill do not answer . he hop down off the move wagon , and the needy give way quickly before he , then regroup and swarm after Tweed and he coal . the boss continue with he tammany spiel - enjoy all the attention -- as the Butcher watch , disdainful of Tweed but fill with angry frustration . from he face we ... dissolve to 68 int . don whiskera . ndos barber shop day ... the incredulous face of monk eastman , as he look at Bill the Butcher . monk eastman and this be you offer ? bill the butcher it 's boss tweedls offer . monk eastman how do you think we would sit as ally , Bill ? bill the butcher the only way we could tolerate be near each other would be stretch out dead . monk eastman my thought exactly . then why be you here ? because you be ask to be . you be order to be . and who would order I among the native ? you ? and would you follow my order , even if they be be relay from William marcy Tweed himself ? he ease himself out of the barber chair . the Butcher tense as monk come toward he . monk eastman dubious and doubtful , my friend . but you offer -- pardon , the offer you bring -- be the most generous that 's ever be extend . I favor the term , if not the personality . so let we decide the way any Native american would appreciate . we will do it the democratic way . he throw open the door of the barber shop and stand there , beside Bill the Butcher , he arm throw carelessly around he . passersby stop in wonderment as monk address they . monk eastman citizen of the five point ! it seem the Native Americans have come to trouble . they have grow so weak that now they seek my help . they can pay any wage I ask . but I ask you now . even for money , should I carouse and conspire alongside a boyo like this with gristle on he knife and spittle on he chin every time he cock get hard ? monk be beam , the Butcher be appal . his body tense like a snake ready to spring . but the people in the street just stare - they can not believe what they have just hear . monk eastman ( to Bill ) there . you see . I be afraid the people have speak . bill the butcher I will see you again , you bog irish bastard . monk eastman well , if it 's a fight you want now , Bill , remember to come back with a bankroll . monk return to the shop and the comfort of he chair . Bill glare at the people in the street . one lock from he start they move fast . but they do not look away from he quite so fast , or at he , either , with quite the same fear . CUT to 69 int . mission ( formerly old brewery ) night the vast main room have be change into a dance floor and decorate for the evening . a altar have be hang with bunt ; ship' lantern and candle illuminate the place . the reverend shadrach raleigh greet everyone . the room , already crowded with celebrant of all age , grow quiet as the Dead rabbit , do up in they party best , show up for the revelry . reverend raleigh ah , the Native Americans , be it now ? amsterdam be they come ? jenny we do not want a ruckus , minister . reverend raleigh nor do I . I intend no disrespect . I would hear the Native Americans be figure of the great prominence here . amsterdam indeed they be , just for the moment . let they come . happy to have they . everyone 's welcome in a house of God , be not that right , reverend ? reverend raleigh as all be welcome in heaven . sheeny mike ild like to go to heaven . ild like to go to heaven and bite off gabriell ear . reverend raleigh you be still welcome , even with such peculiar appetite . amsterdam but if the native do come , Father ... reverend raleigh I be not a priest , son ... amsterdam ... there 's no accounting for what may follow . reverend raleigh I be sure God 's hand will guide we in that . just as he guide you here at the right perfect time , with a right perfect regent . the young lady with the sunset hair . miss ... jenny everdeane . Jenny everdeane . reverend raleigh miss everdeane . step forward , please . radiant and curious , Jenny join the reverend Raleigh in the center of the room . reverend raleigh and the evening 's regent choose she evening 's partner . there be much muttering about this from everyone . someone make a wet , farting SOUND . reverand raleigh ( unfaze ) here we make only joyful noise to the Lord . under the instruction of the bustling reverend and he helper , the woman skeptically stand away from the Men , who allow themselves to be arrange into a line . the reverend Raleigh escort the delighted Jenny to a chair that have be place , by itself , in the center of the room . Jenny sit down , face away from the rest of the guest . she hold a mirror in she hand . reverend raleigh now . the man , please . one by one . the first volunteer reverend Raleigh bring forward be a reluctant sheeny Mike . there be rude comment as he lead Mike slowly to the center of the room , come up behind Jenny until she can see mikel face reflect in the mirror . she shake she head . reverend raleigh next gentleman , please . more laugh . the boy push out one candidate . rejected . now another candidate come forward . and still another - Jenny reject each with the composure of a princess . now it be johnny 's turn . he walk slowly across the big room , and stand behind Jenny , try to look confident . the moment be long , the room 's tense ... until -- just once but very decisively - Jenny shake she head . Jenny watch johnny 's face in the mirror . she stay still . finally , he walk back to the gang . now Amsterdam start toward the center of the room . he keep he eye fix on Jenny . Jenny catch Amsterdam 's reflection in the mirror . he stop . she nods she head . yes . him . a small band strike up a barely recognizable version of " a mighty fortress be we God , " arrange in waltz time . Jenny rise and hold out she arm to Amsterdam . they start to dance , a little clumsily , as other couple join they . amsterdam so you accept ? jenny what ? amsterdam you accept to be my mort and no one else 's . jenny ( teasing ) no , it 's just that I do not recognize you in the mirror . you still get some of the face the Butcher give you . amsterdam ( go along with the joke ) it 's not the Butcher , it 's the dance . it shift my face all around . jenny maybe you will look better later . the reverend Raleigh and he helper dash among the dancer , distribute lighted candle , which the couple take and hold as they move around the floor . amsterdam I will if we be together later . ( she smile ) and what about after that ? after tonight ? jenny I choose you just for tonight . if that 's not good enough I will go with someone else . she take a candle from the reverend and hold it so the light flicker on Amsterdam 's face . amsterdam I will have tonight . but after this do not come to I no more till you be ready . no more . his eye , in the candlelight , show both he love and he Resolution . Jenny nods and they dance away ... ... lose themselves now among the dancer , all move and hold candle . as they dance , they movement become split , sequential , a study in motion like a old gjon mili photograph . they body create a rush of yellow light across the screen like the tail of a comet . CUT to 70 int - dead rabbit house night in the hallway . johnny stand press against a door . johnny ( whisper ) Amsterdam . ( louder ; hiss ) Amsterdam ! amsterdam ( v.o. ) who be it ? johnny me. amsterdam come on in . johnny I do not want to come in ! you come out . amsterdam just a damn minute . amsterdam come to the door , half - dress and sleepy . we see Jenny asleep on the floor inside . amsterdam what do you want ? CUT to 71 ext . pier / dead rabbit house night just before dawn . the street be empty , the river be quiet . amsterdam follow johnny out of the house . johnny I be go to fight you . amsterdam oh , Jesus , johnny , I be tired . how about sometime else ? johnny now . amsterdam you want to tell I what this fight 's over ? be it the Butcher ? Jenny ? ( johnny turn , determine ) alright , alright . then tell I why like this ? johnny so when I lose no one will see . and he slug he . hard . harder even than he think he could . amsterdam stumble , stunne , then pull himself up . and charge at johnny , knock he down . the two friend punch , wrestle , bite and pummel each other with such extravagant energy that they soon ... ... roll off the pier ... CUT to 72 ext . pier dawn ... onto the muddy ground underneath the pier . they land with a shudder splash in the soggy earth , but they keep fight .... ... as a pack of orphan , eye glint like night animal , scatter like wild beast disturb in they burrow . Amsterdam have the physical advantage , and more skill . but johnny have the fury . all the feel and the frustration rain out of he physically , make the match nearly even . the orphan pack watch the fight silently , show no favoritism or emotion , just a edge of curiosity . Amsterdam hit johnny a wick combination that make he sink to one knee in the mud . but johnny will not go down . Amsterdam , hurt himself , just stare at johnny in wonderment . amsterdam satisfied ? johnny satisfied ? it be not I that 's be dance and shagging all night . and he pull himself to he foot and throws a roundhouse at Amsterdam , who half - stagger out of the way . the moment throw johnny off balance , and he fall in the mud again , this time on all four . Amsterdam sink down beside he . amsterdam enough . johnny will not stop : he throw a punch that Amsterdam can see come a block away . but he 's too tired too duck ; or maybe he 's just feed up . he take the punch and fall on he back . amsterdam that 's it then . johnny the hell . and he throws himself on Amsterdam . it 's more like he roll over onto he than anything , but he 's on top of he now , hit he in the face with all he 's get leave in he . amsterdam goddamn it . Amsterdam heave johnny off and pop he a solid swipe to the jaw . that do it . light out . johnny fall unconscious into the slime beneath the pier . the orphan pack keep stare from the shadow with they ferret eye . still silent . Amsterdam struggle to he foot , stop at the river 's edge to get a handful of water to revive himself . then he look over , see he unconscious friend . amsterdam goddamn you anyway . he grab johnny 's body by the shoulder and pull he to the river 's edge . he get some water on he hand , let it drip over johnny 's face , wash away a little of the blood . not enough . he draw some more water , and rub it gently onto johnny 's face . close : on the motion of he hand . it be nearly gentle . CUT to 73 int . don whiskerandos barber shop day as Don Whiskerando ' hand , hold a razor , travel over the great plain of monk eastman 's face . his hand be shaking . monk eastman what 's the trouble , Don ? don whiskerandos there 's someone here . monk bestir himself in the chair , sees : Bill the Butcher , stand in the doorway . monk eastman it 's just a man of commerce . monk settles back in the chair as Bill the Butcher walk into the shop . bill the butcher you be right enough this time , monk. ( to Don Whiskerando ) go ahead . ( the barber hesitates ) go on with you work . I will finish my business . Don Whiskerando pick up a pair of scissor and nervously start to trim monk 's hair . monk eastman come out with it then . Bill nods emphatically at Don Whiskerando , who be clearly terrify . Bill nod again , almost vehemently . Don Whiskerando shake he head . Bill glare at he . the barber take a step back . monk open he eye , start to size up the situation . bill the butcher you damn craven , do it ! Bill leap forward , grab the tremble barber 's arm and push it toward monk ... monk eastman ( rise from he chair ) what the hell ... ... and the scissors , hold by Don Whiskerando and push by Bill the Butcher , meet monk full in the face as he bolt from the chair . the long scissor blade sink into monkl right eye . monk bellows , stagger toward Don Whiskerando , who shrink against the wall . the scissor protrude from monk 's eye as he rage , blind by blood , now reach out for the Butcher bill the butcher you eye be open for that alright . and you still get one to see this . Bill the Butcher reach above he for monk 's war club , which hang on the wall . he grab tight hold of it and , with monk nearly upon he , swing it viciously at monk 's head . the blow send the scissor flying out of monk 's eye , with the eyeball still attach . it also smashes in the side of monk 's face . he fall , still grabbing desperately for the Butcher ... ... who now stand over he , beat he incessantly with the war club . caving he head in . killing he . Don Whiskerando look at Bill in a virtual paralysis of terror . the Butcher let the club fall , reach in he pocket and throw some money at the barber . bill the butcher if I be you I would use that to open in a new location . consider St. Louis . the enormity of what he 's do be beginning to sink in . he turn to leave the shop ... but stop in the doorway . outside , citizen of the point be stare at the fall monk in mute wonder . they have just witness a moment in history . Bill the Butcher survey they all silently , then call out to Don Whiskerando . bill the butcher the war club . the barber steel himself to carry the bloody club to the Butcher , who heft it slowly in he hand , in view of all . he take a knife from he vest , and cut the last notch in the club . then , slowly ... ... he step down into the crowd , which part before he . he walk among they in regal splendor , the war club at he side , drip gore . as the crowd fall back , Bill spot Amsterdam , johnny and some of the other Dead rabbit , watch he every mave . he stop . hold out the bloody war club in front of he ... straight in front of he ... pointing it right at Amsterdam . bill the butcher I promise you , Amsterdam . I promise you . then he grin , turn away and walk through the crowd : prince of all he survey . CUT to 74 int . restaurant / park row boss Tweed reign in the banquet room of a vast , gaslit restaurant , at a long table overburdene with food . seat along both side of the table be a array of the city 's power broker , with whom Tweed and he tammany minion mix easily . they attitude toward the power broker be a mixture of ribald fawn and fine condescension ; the power broker , in turn , enjoy the food , and the music from a small band , and the dancing girl who flirt and entertain they , while exude the unmistakable impression of amateur anthropologist explore a decaye civilization . Tweed be court and joke with a bewhisker horace greeley , editor of the influential tribune . greeley I may enjoy the bounty of you table and the pleasure of you company , Mr. Tweed ... boss tweed and the pleasure of the company provide you , Mr. greeley . greeley ... without the tribune endorse you politics . boss tweed I suppose you can at that . take with one hand , flay with the other . virtuel on you conscience , Horace , but tammany 's in you heart . killoran materialize at Tweed 's side and whisper something quickly , discreetly in he ear . Tweed excuse himself , rise quickly and walk across the restaurant floor ... ... past the Band and the Dancing giris ... ... to the swinging door of the kitchen . as he push open the swinging door , he face have lose its humor . CUT to 75 int . kitchen / restaurant / park row a madhouse of activity . waiter in black suit , vest and serve outfit stream by carry huge trays of food while the kitchen staff work double - time to keep up with the uncease volume . as boss Tweed walk in , Bill the Butcher pluck a piece of roast poultry off a tray as it 's carry out the door . bill the butcher I be not good enough for you table , so I eat where I can . ( take a big bite ) it 's good , what be it ? boss tweed pheasant . bill the butcher be that like pigeon ? I kill a pigeon once but it do not taste nothing like this . boss tweed you kill a bull this morning . I tell you to make a arrangement with he , and you come back with he blood on you hand . bill the butcher ( chew he food ) he insulted I . he aggravate I . I could not stand for that , for no one . boss tweed you stand for anything if I tell you . bill the butcher you think I should be afraid of you . you act like lightning strike when you talk . as they talk , and the tension build between they , the two man be constantly buffeted by the swinging door and the unending stream of waiter . bill the butcher I never be afraid of you , so do not think I be or act like I be , you be not earn it . boss tweed what do you earn we , kill monk ? bill the butcher where would you earn the right to ask that question ? you raise some dust in the street a while back , but no more . you get power but you be not get muscle and you be not get a notion what it mean to be a warrior . boss tweed I see it lose you a lot of God 's sense , along with that eye . bill the butcher you do not know nothing about that ! it be my do ! it say in the Book , " if thy eye offend thee , pluck it out . " I follow that law with my own knife and hand . the first I ever fight Priest vallon , he best I . and when he come to bring I to death , I look away and he watch I and he let I go . the shame be worse than the kill . I would have cut out both eye if I could still have fight , but cut just the one give I heart . when I kill Priest vallon , that restore I . now I send monk eastman over I get glory . I get all there be , and small thanks to you , squire . boss tweed ( measure , conciliatory ) you need two eye to see the depth , Bill . that 's how we help each other . if it be not for I would be happy enough to plunder the point and put the fear into people who do not know nothing else . but Bill , I be only say ... I be counselinm ... look in the distance . you want to sit at my table , fine . but you must always remember who the host be . it 's not a matter of courage welre talk . it 's manners . Bill grab another piece of food from a tray . bill the butcher howl this manners ? boss tweed Fine , if you be hungry . bill the butcher I be always hungry . boss tweed I have always tell you , Bill . there 's plenty for all , and more for we together than separate . we will dine together sometime . Bill the Butcher nod , appease , and leave , swagger he way through the kitchen chaos , make everyone get out of he way . boss Tweed watch he go , he expression change from bemuse appeasement to molten rage . CUT to 76 int . restaurant / park row later . everyone 's go except some waiter , clean up , and boss Tweed and Daniel killoran , who sit at the end of the banquet table . leftover plate of food have be mass at tweedls place and , as he talk , he pick from they . boss tweed let I put this to you , Daniel . now that the Butcher have kill the single most prominent figure in the five point - - a man of myth and moment -- who be there to take he place ? ( as killoran start to answer ) of course . then what do we do about the Butcher ? he 's too useful to be kill , but he must be check . killaran it could be a police matter . boss tweed impossible ! any cop who might have the mettle to go against the Butcher have blood tie to the gang . they can not be trust . and any cop that can be trust be too craven to be any use . if Bill 's to be check , it must come from within the point , not without . killoran the Dead rabbit do a proud job for election . that Amsterdam boy have sand . boss tweed that so ? the last time I see he he be under the Butcher 's knife look like a fine filet . who else be there ? killoran well , the Rough and tumble boy over to slaughterhouse Point . there 's country mccleesterls bunch , too , and the plug ugly , but there 's none that have the promise of the Dead rabbit , or the stake , neither . boss tweed what would that be ? killoran the boy Amsterdam have a blood feud with the Butcher . he 's swear revenge for the death of he father , and he 's get the heart to carry it forward . he will have the skill and power soon enough . boss tweed blood will make a man intrepid . bring they along , then . nurture the rabbit with neglect . let they roam where they like . killoran and if they roam into some portion of we own revenue ? boss tweed I would tolerate a little trespasp if it be for a higher good and use . they will cross with the native soon enough and keep each other occupy . killoran Bill 's get to be a lot more than occupy . boss tweed I will hold Bill in check . if he become unwieldy ... well , damn it all , Daniel , I might just have to oil up my old musket . what do you think of that , eh ? boss Tweed get up from the table . a waiter be dimming the gaslight , fill the room with deep shadow . killoran it would be gratify , Mr. Tweed . even edify . boss tweed but poor politics , eh ? well , we mus not have that . ( as he walk away ) I do miss that roistering day , though . oh , and bring some of that food for the canary . CUT to 77 ext . STREET / the bloody angle day the sharply - angle turn of doyer Street , nickname " the bloody angle . " SOUND of a horse and cart as we see a row of upturned mostly women and young child . a native american drive a cart carry large barrel of milk . a second native ride beside he on the seat , hold a rifle , look impassively at the face turn up to he . a woman hold a baby in one arm and a child by the hand step in front of they . they almost run she down . woman we be not have no milk this week . native 2 you can have as much as you can pay for . ( to crowd ) anyone that 's get the ned , step up with you pitcher . any not , come back when you do . the woman give she child to other women in the crowd and advance toward the wagon . Native 2 cock he rifle ... ... and Jenny step from the watchful crowd . jenny I get ned enough for all . see ? Fair enough ? she hold she hand out as she walk slowly toward the milk wagon . she 's carry a huge fistful of gleaming coin . the native on the wagon watch she warily ... ... and be jumped from behind by a couple of Dead rabbit . Amsterdam grab a milk pitcher from a woman in the crowd , axe open the spigot on a milk barrel and fill the pitcher to overflow . Jenny jump up on the wagon seat . jenny ( to Amsterdam ) what 's we rate ? what do we charge ? amsterdam johnny work it out to a nickel less than the native . just till we be establish . then we raise it a penny more than now . jenny raise it ? be that what you want ? amsterdam you say , then . jenny ( beat ; then , to crowd ) there will be no pay at all this day . or this week , neither . this be Dead rabbit business from now on . the crowd scramble for milk and the rabbit try to keep order . jenny ( to crowd ) we will take ned if you get it , now or in future . but no one will go without . amsterdam ( to Jenny ) except we . you open a charity ? jenny they will pay we what they owe , in loyalty if not in cash . tammany give coal , we give milk . amsterdam they can afford it . jenny can not we ? CUT to 78 int . mother joyce's bordello day the midday sun shine through the window make the place look tatty and slightly desperate : this be a place that need low light and long shadow to look good . Amsterdam and johnny be at a long bar , talk to mother Joyce , a beefy , wise - up woman with pornographic tattoo a both forearm . mother joyce this place be so clean it 's the next thing to chaste . and safe as a convent , too . amsterdam from the native , maybe . but not from we . mother joyce you be say I get to worry about you mob too ? johnny no worry at all . you throw in with the Dead rabbit and we will worry about the native . across the room , Jenny be sit talk to a few of the whore , one of whom be a mix - blood eurasian with long black hair name Emma loss . she get up lazily and head for the bar . as she pass a drunk , he reach out to grab she . she 's use to this , and she knock he hand away . he keep after she . at the bar , mother Joyce notice Emma be hassle , but pay no attention : she girl can take care of themselves . mother joyce ( to Amsterdam and johnny ) and if someone else come along , do I pay they too ? amsterdam you only pay we . we see you safe from everyone . johnny have be watch the drunk bother Emma loss . without say anything to Amsterdam or mother Joyce , johnny leave the bar , walk over to the drunk and shove he away . johnny leave off she . she do not want you . not even if you could pay she . emma loss hey , just a minute . johnny ( to Emma ) he can not pay . I can pay . amsterdam ( watch this ) maybe I should offer johnny as a bouncer for you busy night . mother joyce ( laugh ) a bouncer ! I do not know if he could bounce on a feather bed . he want to be a character like you , be that it ? amsterdam he 's get he own idea . too full of tammany , maybe , but he 's a fast friend . across the room , johnny be talk to Emma loss . she nods and start to lead he upstairs . mother joyce but in my trade you go on you instinct . my instinct say to heed you , and my memory of you father say I be right . we will shake on it . ( Amsterdam grab she hand ) and have one of my best to seal the bargain . meg ! a lanky blonde , seat across the room near Jenny , bestir herself . mother joyce come here and show my new friend why we be worth special care . Jenny watch megs move toward Amsterdam . CUT to 79 int . assignation room / mother joyce be Big enough to contain a half - gut mattress support by a rickety bed , some wear sheet and a few gutter candle . johnny undress as Emma sit on the bed and start to take off she dress . johnny you like that old man ? you would have go with he ? emma loss I like anyone that pay , that 's all . johnny tell I what he want you to do . emma loss he mostly want comforting . johnny I never see hair so black . can you take the pin out ? emma loss it take so long to do back up . he sit beside she and start slowly , almost tenderly , to remove the pin . 79 continued : johnny do you mother have the same color ? I do not know . johnny ( as the hair cascade over she bare shoulder ) lie back , I want to look at you . ( he eye glide along she body ) what 's that mark ? emma loss I always have it . johnny ( touch she lightly ) and there ? be that a scar ? emma loss ( she look at she naked belly ) there be a baby . they cut it out . johnny and that on you shoulder ? that look old . emma loss yeah , I get that when I ... johnny ( interrupt , quiet ) I do not want to know when . do not tell I about before or what you use to be , I do not want that . emma loss what about you scar . do you have scar ? johnny none I ever see . maybe you can find they . her hand and mouth cover he body . he close he eye . CUT to 80 int . assignation room / mother joyceis another room . Amsterdam and meg be undress each other when Jenny walk in . amsterdam go on . I can see you later . meg leave , brush past Jenny . jenny what be you do ? amsterdam I could not decline what mother Joyce offer . it 's in the interest of business . you understand business . jenny sure I do . but there 's something else I still do not understand . at sparrow 's pagoda , do you hit I , know it be I ? amsterdam yeah . I do . she hit he . in the face . hard . not a slap . a solid punch . his nose start to gush blood . he put he arm under it to staunch the flow , keep he eye a she . jenny meantime 's over . amsterdam oh fine . that 's fine . I would be celebrate but I be lose too much blood . Jenny tear part of the sleeve from she blouse and put it against he nose . jenny put you head back . amsterdam that do not work . jenny put you head back I say . amsterdam ( as she tend to he ) so why so sudden , then ? jenny sudden ? every day I see you and you complain I can not decide . now I decide , you say it 's sudden . amsterdam it 's the whore do it , then . jenny do not flatter yourself . amsterdam it 's because you be jealous . jenny it 's because you do not lie about hit I . amsterdam Christ , I wish I have . come here , then . he reach to pull she down on the bed . jenny not here . there 's too much past . CUT to 81 int . room / dead rabbit house the room where johnny fetch Amsterdam out for the fight . Amsterdam and Jenny have just make love . jenny it must be morning . amsterdam I do not care , I be not get up . jenny this be what you mean , then ? it 's go to be just the same from now on ? amsterdam what ? jenny every morning I wake up next to you . amsterdam or you do not wake up at all . jenny we only just start in and you be already threaten I . amsterdam it 's not a threat . ( no teasing now ) it 's a declaration of love . jenny I prefer my kind . this kind . she reach beneath the pillow and pull out a fine diamond ring , which she slip on he finger . Amsterdam react with surprise , gratitude and ( of course ) suspicion . amsterdam what 's this ? where would you get this ? jenny you say I be the best thief in the five point . but I get restless . will you wear something I get ? CUT to 82 ext - uptown STREET day a long street of tree-shade house . spacious lawn . North of the five point . considerably north . this be the first time we have be outside the five point and paradise Square . the city rent place . Jenny and Amsterdam stand near a residence at the end of the street . Amsterdam , dress in a suit , can not quite conceal he wonder as he stand stare at the house . amsterdam what be this place ? jenny my jeweler 's . she gesture for he to follow she and we see now that she be dress in a may 's outfit . jenny come on . amsterdam I do not see nobody . jenny that 's the best time . they be all have lunch . CUT to 83 ext . uptown house day at the back door of the grand house , as Jenny open it slowly and glance inside . amsterdam you be off you head . jenny ( pleased , show off ) you can wait on I a minute . or I will see you back in the point if you be scared . ( Amsterdam look at she ) do not worry . I know every house on this street . they all leave they door open . they live like they be not in New York . she goe in the house . Amsterdam watch through the window , see she go up stair . then he look at the dining room , visible distantly through a open kitchen door . he watch , fascinate , fragment of the everyday ritual of a world he 's never see . as sound drift listlessly from the street beyond , and a light breeze blow , we see in a series of dissolves the serve of a meal ; servant carry and pass plate ; family member reach for dish and pass they ; the low kurmur of konversation in accent he have never hear . it 's not so much that this people and they life be foreign to he . it be as if he have step into another dimension . he lose he sense of time , and of danger . so that when Jenny touch he arm she surprise he thoroughly . jenny come on . I might still be take for a may . but you be nobody 's notion of a butler . 84 ext . uptown STREET day as Jenny and Amsterdam walk away from the house . she hold he arm . they look young and full of hope , like a servant couple just over from the old country enjoy a day off . jenny the Police commissioner life the next street over . I be think of visit he next month , but cop do not buy goods . they keep all they graft in cash . Amsterdam look at the house with wonder that he try to make casual . she open she satchel a little way , then nudge he to have a lock at the swag inside . jenny how 's that for ten minute ? amsterdam it 's a lot to fence . jenny I be not go to fence it . I be go to keep it and take it where no one will recognize it . amsterdam where would that be ? jenny somewhere west . Far west . past the Mississippi River , somewhere into that territory . amsterdam that 's a hard journey for a woman alone . jenny you would be with I . amsterdam you get it all plan and straight , be that it ? jenny once I say I would be with you I want someplace we could be together . someplace better than here . what 's the matter with that ? amsterdam nothing . except there 's no place but here for I right now . I get to settle thing . jenny yeah , I know , but I be talk about settling down , not settling debt . amsterdam you do not have my obligation . CUT to 85 ext . paradise square day the Dead rabbit sweep across the bustling square , johnny and Amsterdam in the lead . johnny it 's a fair day 's wage . we just move the people out of the building , and collect . amsterdam who from ? johnny who own the building . ( point ) they . the gang approach a tumbledown build call Jacob 's ladder because of the iron rung that run straight up its front to the roof . two well - dress gent stare at the building fretfully . gent 1 ( to johnny ) I be glad you come in force . there 's half a hundred people still in there . gent 2 maybe more . gent 1 and not one 's give rent the whole year . amsterdam you live here ? gent 1 no , no , of course not . amsterdam I mean in the city . a way north , I will bet . gent 2 yes . why ? a rifle shot sound from a upper window and a rabbit fall wounded . they all duck for cover . johnny it 's not just citizen in there ? gent 1 of course it be . johnny with arm ? gent 2 from they damned gang . some of they live there . amsterdam some of who ? gent 2 the Native Americans . johnny we do not contract for that . gent 1 we will pay extra for the danger . amsterdam no danger . but you will pay extra . ( turn ; to gang ) let 's go and greet some native . under scatter rifle FIRE and a barrage of rock , the gang storm the building , charge inside and start up the ladder as if they be attack a medieval fortress . arm reach out from window to try and pull they off . the rabbit respond with knife and pistol shot . as they charge inside , the camera rise to a overhead shot and we ... dissolve to 86 ext . paradise square day later . the same overhead angle . body litter the street everywhere . some dead and wounded rabbit lie near native who have go to they reward . some build resident wander the street in a daze . johnny be collect money from the two gent , who look very pleased as Amsterdam approach with Jenny . he 's carry a rifle he take from the building . amsterdam ( to gent ) alright , then ? gent 2 very much alright . quite a spectacle . amsterdam oh really ? just the entertainment you favor , be it ? pardon I for a moment , gent . ( he turn to Jenny ) you want to settle , you and I . that 's so , be not it ? you do agree , do you not . jenny I do , yes . amsterdam good , because I do not want to act hasty . I can never tell for sure what you be think , and sometimes I be not always sure what you be say ... gent 2 ( interrupt ) Excuse I , we have to finish and ... amsterdam ( to gent 2 ) Excuse I . we will conclude in a moment . ( back to Jenny ) where do you settle ? jenny Amsterdam , what be you say ? amsterdam I be ask , where do anyone settle ? jenny I do not know , you mean a place , a home ? amsterdam a home yes . gent 1 Excuse I , but we really must conclude . amsterdam ( ignore he ) well , I be say to you then , Jenny everdeane , welcome home . no one see it come . Amsterdam flash around , swinging the butt of he rifle into gent l 's midsection , double he over and send he breathless to the ground . Amsterdam spin again and swing the butt into gent 2 's face , knock he cold . amsterdam Fine place . room enough for all . ( to johnny ) get they out of here . gent 2 they will come back look for you . amsterdam with whose help ? the native ? they will not help this flourishing bastard even for ned . ( to Jenny ) tell any who want they can stay . if they can not pay rent they can join the gang . but make sure the best room go to we . look around ... jenny ( interrupt ) I know this building . CUT to 87 int . underground / jacob' ladder as Jenny lead Amsterdam through a narrow tunnel . the place be like a weird catacomb : it be narrow and dank , fill with bone of dead animal , of the two - and four-legged variety . jenny this lead all under the Square , into the Brewery and out again from there . they be close off and forget since the reverend open the mission . pass I the candle . Amsterdam hand Jenny a stump of candle , which she hold high enough to see ... ... that the tunnel have open onto a small room just above the foundation of Jacob 's ladder . it 's a graveyard , memorialize gang member go to a better world -- or worse . trophies from many gang -- include the bone and skull of some Dead rabbit - litter the place in loose ritual fashion , as if this be a catacomb in palermo . stoop low , Jenny walk to a narrow corner of the room , where several paving stone have be laid in the rough pattern of a cross . a slab of slate serve as a headstone , and on it , in fade paint , barely legible , be the name " maggie everdeane . " jenny we live in this building till she lose she seamstress work and we go to the Brewery . one day she sleep so drunk she never wake and I bring she back here . dug this myself . ( beat ) families . give here what I give you . Amsterdam hand she a chest that look like a small version of blackbeard 's treasure box . she open it and hold the candle close : inside be the swag from all she cat burglary . there 's a lot of it , glittering with promise in the gutter flame . Jenny start to dig in she mother 's grave . jenny she will keep a eye on this for we . how about some help ? he kneel beside she and they dig at the grave with stone and bone . amsterdam you trust I with you treasure , then ? jenny just take another look at it to remind you . I can always do fine on my own . Amsterdam reach inside the chest , pull out a ring and slip it onto Jenny 's dirt - cover finger . she kiss he . jenny what 's mine be yours , be that it ? amsterdam I could use this , too . from the bag he hold up a small gold cross . jenny you make a offer to the reverend Raleigh ? Amsterdam slip the cross into he pocket without answer and start to dig again . amsterdam be you sure we can trust you mother ? CUT to 88 int . hallway / tammany boss tweed listen to a angry bill the butcher as they walk briskly down a long marble corridor line with formal portrait of former tammany worthy . boss tweed the building and how many ? bill the butcher a dozen at least of my native . boss tweed the Dead rabbit be a wooly bunch alright . bill the butcher I want at they . all of they , and Amsterdam especial . now . boss tweed not just now . it 's between too late and too soon . they have become a little too prominent for comfort , but they be still too small for you to soil you hand . the man who kill monk eastman push around a mob of upstart . it 's practically undignify . bill the butcher to hell with any of that . Tweed stop under a grand new portrait of himself . boss tweed very well , and to hell as well with any plan you and I may have for growth and change and even great reward . you will never advance anywhere beyond the limited perimeter of you imagination . bill the butcher I do not get to advance anywhere further . boss tweed get to , no . but ought to . he hand he a fancy emboss envelope . bill the butcher what 's this ? boss tweed ( eye merry ) a invitation . to dinner . CUT to 89 int . jenny and amsterdam room / jacob' ladder day better by a little than they place in the old hideout . there 's even a window that throw some light a the few bit of castoff furniture in the room ... a the bed where Jenny sleep with she face turn to the dawn light ... and a Amsterdam , who be dress quietly in the corner . he check in he coat pocket , ... find the gold cross ... and leave . Jenny do nat stir . CUT to 90 ext . graveyard day start close on : Amsterdam 's hand , as he place the gold cross in a small hole at a grave site , then cover it over with dirt . then we see : Amsterdam be kneel at he father 's grave . amsterdam he never have he own cross . thanks . now he stand and turn . Jenny be half -hidden behind a elm tree . amsterdam you touch be light , but as a tracker you work awful heavy . come ahead . now that I meet you mother , you should come and meet my father . as Jenny start to walk towards the grave , we see for the first time ... ... that we be in the country , a graveyard in a open field with a astonish panorama of New York and the East River . ( matte ) the cemetery be atop a hill , and the East River , busy with ferries and vessel of trade , glisten in the near distance . just beyond it be Manhattan Island : low building , wind narrow street , house surround by open land . a breeze off the river rustle Jenny 's dress and blow she hair as she step up to the grave site , look at the headstone and see ... ... it be blank . no name , no date . clean stane . jenny you should finish the stone . amsterdam it will be finish when everything 's finish . that 's when helll rest . the hand that kill he be the hand that will bury he in peace . he hold up he open hand , cover in dirt . jenny it be Bill kill he , not you . amsterdam with my hand on the knife . jenny and he hand on yours ! amsterdam and I feel the life go out of my father ! he look at I ... he look at I and he swore I with he eye . I could feel he spirit ... I say I could feel it rise ... flow through the knife like blood into my own heart . jenny you talk like he life in you . amsterdam I do not want he to live , I want he dead ! I kill Bill and I be free of they both ! jenny you think you can be free that easy ? you need you way so clear , and you '' ' use anything to clear it . anyone , too . I , everybody , we be all just a way for you to settle you damned ghost . amsterdam you be part of I now , like the gang be part of I and my father both . if I can bring we to glory , then my father ... like the Book say ... my father can enter he house justified . as Amsterdam continue to talk we ... dissolve to 91 montage the growth of the Dead rabbit , as we continue to hear Amsterdam speak passionately to Jenny . we first see the rabbit surround and overturning a fire wagon ; this start as a live action scene but soon bleed into sepia , then freeze like a old magazine illustration . amsterdam ( v.o. ) all of we be set on the same road together . the gang can have everything they ever want and get I what I want while they be do it . we be not interfere with each other , we be help each other . it 's all the same , we be all one together . we continue with sepia illustration : of Dead rabbit mort pick pocket and purse along a crowded Broadway ; climb onto a wagon distribute newspaper and toss off the occupant , take over the route themselves ; swarm all over a merchant ship in the harbor as the captain dole out protection money to have he cargo unload . amsterdam ( v.o. ) we will all have a share of the profit like we will all have a portion of the fame . if we come to be notorious , that only mean we be strong , and if we be strong that mean we be ready . a sepia illustration of a fire wagon round a corner , refurbish and manned by rabbit , all wear strike uniform with short cape call tamlas . ( n.b. : they will be see wear the tanlas from this uniform during all gang activity throuqhout the rest of the film . only johnny , Amsterdam and Jenny do not wear they . ) the sepia illustration turn to live action as the fire wagon tear around paradise Square , scatter everyone in its path , the Dead rabbit laugh , they tamlas flying behind they . amsterdam ( v.o. ) and I will know that time , know it right off when it come . just like I know you . the live action dissolves to ... ... the last image in the montage : a illustration of Amsterdam , a half - decade older , turn out in fancy clothes , but with all he fierceness intact . this be a magazine illustration , and there be a date headline over he picture : " Fresh scourge of the five point . " the date read " June , 1863.11 amsterda.m ( v.o. ) and just like that , there will be no way of stop till it 's end . from this illustration , we quickly ... dissolve to 92 ext . river day ... Amsterdam , as he be in the picture , but in live action , springing to he foot and yelling at a couple of prizefighter do battle in a ring . amsterdam now ! finish he now ! Far up the sparkling Hudson , a raft float slowly upstream . it 's a huge thing ( perhaps half a city block in size ) crowded with sportsmen . they form a large ring around two mammoth prizefighter who be brawling with bare knuckle . Amsterdam and johnny be among the spectator . johnny we man will take he in another five . what put you in such a hurry ? fighter 1 fetch fighter 2 a powerful roundhouse punch that send he crashing to the deck . as soon as he hit the floor , a card girl appear carry a sign announce " round 37.11 second drag the stupefy fighter 2 to he corner , while two boy minister to fighter 1 , sucking the blood off he knuckle . a go sound to announce the appearance , in the center of the ring , of the fight promoter , a florid and fulsome p.t. barnum . barnum I want to extend thanks and admiration not only to we two combatant today , but to they sponsor , the Dead rabbit ... ( indicate one side of the ring ) ... and the Native Americans . he fling a expansive arm toward the opposite side of the ring , where Bill the Butcher sit with Daniel killoran and a large group of native . Amsterdam and the Butcher eye each other with all the old animosity : it 's almost ceremonial now , part of the tradition . barnum they generous support allow I to bring you this splendid exhibition . with they indulgence I would like to remind you also of the further wonder that await you at my new Museum , locate on Broadway ... there be boos from the crowd at such untoward commercialism . barnum ... p.t barnum 's gallery of wonder from world natural and unnatural , from nature and from myth ! ( continue boo ) and to encourage you also in the view that new albany ordinance forbid sportive violence on land should not dampen you enthusiasm for wagering . bet down , entlegen , and you gent .. ( indicate fighter ) ... fist up ! the fighter come to center ring , circle each other , then start slugging . a flurry of punch , and fighter 2 goe down again . as he hit the deck , the round automatically end and the between -round ritual take place again . johnny dobb will take he this round . that will be something . the native have never lose before . amsterdam because there 's never be a Dead rabbit fight before . johnny that will shame they thorough . amsterdam there will be worse than shaming . we only get the native in range . it 's time to squeeze the trigger , John . the next round begin and the fighter set to , mauling each other furiously . johnny do not push the native too far , Amsterdam . otherwise it will be tammany push back . amsterdam that do not matter any more . johnny it do matter , and it 's go to matter even more . tammany 's the heart and future of this city . if the rabbit be go to keep grow , we be go to have to throw in with tammany some way . the action in the ring be furious . the crowd cheer . fighter 1 seem about to go down , but recover and start return punishment to fighter 2 . johnny they get that conscription Act from Washington keep they busy , but they will not leave we alone forever . and the native be strong as they ever be ! in the ring , fighter 1 drive fighter 2 to the deck again , and this time knock he cold . amsterdam ( indicate fighter 1 ) you call that strong , John ? in the ring , a couple of agitate native AMERICANS be try to get at the rabbit-sponsored winner . rabbit start to rush the ring but Amsterdam wave they back . amsterdam ( to johnny ) this be we time now ! barnum ( try to make official announcement ) the winner ... gentleman , please ! ... the winner in the 39th round be the Dead rabbit champion , High Water dobb ... please , gentleman ! the unofficial ring combat continue , knock barnum about , as the new champ throw maraud native around like empty flower sack . Amsterdam iump into the fray , push some native away . they start for he but the champ stand they off while Amsterdam whisper to barnum . barnum just a moment , please , gentleman ! there 's a word for we all . Amsterdam promise ... ( Amsterdam whisper to he briefly ) ... something large , something grand , something epic . the great this be my own word , of course the great righting of the gravest wrong ever do in the five point . the crowd quiet , they sport blood still up , curiosity engage . only johnny seem glum , concerned . this be to be a duel not for money , but for honor ! a fight to the death ... amsterdam ( interrupt , emphasize ) to the death . if he can stand up to it . barnum ... on which money , I hasten to add , may certainly be wagere . the name of the two champion be Amsterdam vallon , here beside I , and ... and Mr. William poole , know to all as ... bill the butcher ( leaping up ) they know I by any name , you son of a bitch ! the crowd erupt : this be a death match between olympian . only johnny do not rejoice . he look at Amsterdam 's face , flush with the belief that the right moment have finally come , and he have to turn away . he walk away from the ring as killoran try unsuccessfully to pull the Butcher down and cool he off . bill the butcher ( yell ) I will have he stretch on a spit ! killoran be beside he now , whisper urgently . Bill the Butcher shake he head vehemently . bill the butcher ( to killoran ) you get no more to say about this now . 92 continued : amsterdam come on , Bill ! let go of you tammany wet nurse ! my challenge , you term . killoran ( to Bill ) do not do it , you can not do it ! there 's the conscription to deal with , and election come , too . that 's you call now , not this ancient quarrel . bill the butcher I will do my work . but this be a shame , a public shame . it demand my attention . ( yell to Amsterdam ) Fine , then ! Fine and welcome ! Day after election , we will meet with second on neutral ground to work out time and term . it will be do and do . he walk to the ring , hold he hand out to Amsterdam . bill the butcher you know this hand . last time it be this close , it be on you throat . amsterdam I remember it better from another time . he take the Butcher 's hand . the duel be on . CUT to 93 int . / ext . draft registration office start close on : money be count out : $ 300 . and a receipt quickly write and give . we think at first this must be a bet be make on the duel between Amsterdam and Bill the Butcher - but we go wider to reveal : a office , table and chair , and a line . two line , in fact . one , very long , fill with young man . and the second , very short , in which a clerk be hand the receipt to a prosperous young man . clerk you release from service , accord to the term of the conscription Act . keep it somewhere safe . prosperous young man I will keep it with I . there be only one other person standen behind the prosperous Young man , and he step up quickly and hand $ 300 to the clerk as the prosperous Young man head for the door ... ... past the second line , which snake out into the street , fill with draftee who shout at the prosperous Young man as he leave . draftee 1 hey , tell you papa to pass I three hundred dollar too . draftee 2 tell he if he do not we will come get you on we way to gettysburg . the prosperous Young man hurrie away , but spot boss Tweed and Daniel killoran as he leave . prosperous young man oh , Mr. Tweed , I would take the time to say proper thanks but ... boss tweed no thanks owed , son . conscription 's Federal Law , and so 's the $ 300 exemption . you might remind you father , though , that you see I here today , mind that the law 's strictly and equitably enforce . the prosperous Young man hurry out , as the draftee continue to holler abuse . boss Tweed head for they , follow by killoran . killoran you see how much they like this damned law ? enforce it 's go to hurt we in election . boss tweed it 's not my law , and not my like , either . but Washington 's always treat we with sufferance , and we must extend the same regard to they . ( to draftee ) boy , we be bound by honor and love of country to fight in this time of crisis ! draftee 4 we be bound by we wallet and the emptiness in they , that 's what ! boss tweed boy , the union be in distress , we land be wounded deeply , we future be suddenly a frail and finite thing . we must ask ourselves how ... draftee 5 yeah , you could talk a dog off a meat wagen , Tweed . but let 's see you fight ! draftee 6 that would be worth twice three hundred dollar to see ! boss tweed ( as he back off ) thank you , boy , thank you for you understanding . ( to killoran ) Holy mother . Tweed hustle killoran outside , where the line of potential draftee snake down the block and into paradise Square . boss tweed Daniel , between the blindness of Washington and the damned brass of Bill poole tammany will fall like a autumn leaf . we must take what measure we can . attend to the Butcher . after the election , of course . unless you think Amsterdam will do we work for we first . killoran he could at that . then he would become a fresh concern boss tweed not so daunt as this . ( turn to the draftee in the street ) boy , I have just have a word with you compatriot inside , and if you show half the sand and a fraction of the spirit they have manifeste for join this great struggle ... there be a chorus of boos and jeep from the draftee outside . outside draftee put a rope around it , Tweed , and swing in you own wind ! boss tweed great weep Jesus , Daniel , whatever happen to the halcyon day ? CUT to 94 ext . polling place / paradise square day Election Day pandemonium . the Dead rabbit be not work the repeater this day , but johnny observe the action as Native Americans -- identifiable because of they long duster -- strongarm repeater into the poll . his attention be draw to a harried telegraph operator , who be be shouted at by native as he be inundate by piece of paper and teeter volume of the voting registry . it 's chaos . the poor Operator can not cope . CUT to 95 int . tammany hall it 's chaos here , too . the large main room be fill with telegraph operator receive election return . there be shout and concern throughout the room . even boss Tweed show sign of worry . boss tweed I swear that science will be the death of industry . killorkn the telegraph move the voter tabulation by wire faster than we can get the repeater in and out . boss tweed ( lose patience ) you role be to expedite , Daniel , not to explain . ( killoran look at he blankly ) do something ! johnny if you will allow I . they both turn to see johnny stand coolly before they . johnny there 's a scheme we might try . killoran you get no place among we , get the hell out of here however you come in . boss tweed a moment please , Daniel . one moment . ( to johnny ) you be a Dead rabbit , be not you ? friend to Amsterdam ? ( johnny nod ) and therefore no particular friend to we . what bring you here ? johnny opportunity . Science and opportunity . killoran you get opportunity enough among you own . johnny I do have . but time change faster than people . some people , anyhow . and I like to stay with the advantage . boss tweed well , then , a gentleman of foresight ! be you suggest ... or perhaps you be even say ... that you friend and you gang may be ... well , lag behind the great march of history ? johnny something like that , yeah . boss tweed well fine , step up to history then and tell we what you have in mind . CUT to 96 ext . polling place / paradise square day start close on : telegraph wire , humming with the election return . and , below it -- far below -- johnny , killoran and a couple of tammany boyos , look up at the wire . boyo 1 I be not goin ' up there . I get my election suit on . johnny this election will be over unless we get up there . killoran " we ? " this be you notion , you go up there . boyo 2 ( look at polling place ) him . he look likely , and he be not workin' . he point over at sheeny Mike kurtz , who be observe the action at the poll . johnny ( call to he ) sheeny Mike , you want to make ... ( to boyo 1 ) ...how much ? boyo 1 a dollar . johnny ( to sheeny Mike ) five dollar ? just to help we ? sheeny mike ( a bit wary ) what 's the pitch , johnny ? Amsterdam would not like it , work with tammany . boyo 2 well , now , if Amsterdam would not like it ... johnny ( interrupt ) he know about it . welre work a whole new scheme . but I will not tell he youlre help , if that 's the way you want it . and you can keep the full five . just start climb . sheeny mike ( beat ) where 's the ned ? boyo 2 hand sheeny Mike five buck , which he pocket as boyo 1 give he a large pair of shear . Mike wipe he palm on he pants and start up the pole . for killoran and the tammany boyos , this be like a circus stunt . they watch Mike 's ascent with pleasure . sheeny Mike be quite pleased with himself as he near the top of the pole . he turn to look at johnny and the tammany group below . a couple of spectator have stop to watch as well . Mike get to the top of the pole , reach out --stretch out - toward the telegraph wire with the shear ... ... strain ... reach ... make the CUT . on the ground , johnny look relieved . the boyos offer a partmock round of applause . in the spirit of thing , sheeny Mike turn to acknowledge the applause . just briefly . but long enough so he 's distract . he see the upturn face fill suddenly with fear , and he turn when he hea . rs a sharp , odd whistling noise . a live telegraph wire be come at he . he do not even have time to scream . the wire hit he , whipping around he as jolt of not leap through he body and he fall to the ground . CUT to 97 ext . paradise squa be day hand pick up the lifeless body of sheeny Mike and start to carry it off ... past Amsterdam and Jenny , who stand on one side of it , watch ... and johnny , who be on the other . johnny he be work a tammany job , tammany will see to he . amsterdam he be not tammany . not like you . johnny he make the right choice . amsterdam you do not know what you be say ! you kill one of we own . one of you family ! johnny ( slowly ) I do not know he be go to die , Amsterdam . and do not tell I what 's my own and what be not . you be not my family . and I swear , I swear on the virgin mother 's eye ... I know what I be do , Amsterdam . it 's you that 's always be blind . ( they look at each other ) I will say my farewell . johnny kneel down beside Mike 's body , brushes the hair from he brow . johnny you still smell like drink . he nod to the rabbit to carry the body on and , as he rise a half - dozen newsboys dash into the square , carry fresh copy of the tribune and cry ... newsboys New tammany victory ! Fernando Wood elect to third term ! tammany ticket prevail by narrow margin ! boss Tweed vow armageddon for crime ! johnny ( look at Amsterdam and Jenny ) can not you hear the future ? he walk away from the gang , through the rush newspaper boy . CUT to 98 int . sparrow' chinese pagoda the place have be clear out for a war council : Amsterdam with a couple of Dead rabbit , and Bill the Butcher with a few native . they sit at a round poker table with a green feel top . jimmy spoil we say the Square be the place . let barnum sell the ticket for a share of the price ... native second ( interrupt ) a small share . jimmy spoil and the rabbit and native will split the majority portion equal . native second who work the crowd ? amsterdam nobody . this be a day of honor . no pickpocket , no lush -roller , nothing . bill the butcher I will cut they hand off . after the fight . native second we get to fix position for everyone so there will not be no other fight . I know for fact the roach Guards have swear blood against the Black bird , and the forty thiefe do not tolerate the chichester . as this delicate negotiation continue , the only two outsider in the place , mother Joyce and a bartender , be listen intently on the far side of the room . bartender Amsterdam will make the Butcher a fine banquet . mother joyce my ned 's on the boy . he 's get the youth , and he 's get the hunger . bartender be he so hungry you will put up a hundred ? mother joyce two . CUT to 99 ext . paradise square day official stand on a high wooden platform face a jeering crowd . banner announce a " draft lottery . " official be prepare to draw the first number as boss Tweed give out with a speech . boss tweed you honor ... yes , and the law of the land ... lie in the balance . the conscription Act of 1863 be hand down by President lincoln himself ... crowd member ( shouting ) if lincoln sign it , then let lincoln fight ! crowd member 2 it 's a army of the poor fight for a bunch of rich slacker ! crowd member tammany 's be we voice , let tammany pay the exemption for all ! a young member of the crowd step forward as boss Tweed turn to look at that back he on the platform : killoran , a cavalry officer in fancy dress ... and , out of sight of the crowd , johnny sirocco . they expression be not reassure . young crowd member you first payment , m'lord . the Young crowd member hurl a stone through the front window of a nearby store . the crowd cheer and run to sack the store , and other surge toward the platform . johnny 'and killoran grab a fearful Tweed and rush he to safety . but the cavalry Officer stand he ground with sword and pistol . he shoot . that stop they . but only for a fracture , eerie moment . then they jump on the cavalry Officer , pull he to the ground , begin to kick and beat he . CUT to 100 ext . STREET / jacob' ladder night a building burn at the end of the street , spread a silhouette of smoke and flame in the air ... ... as a lion charge down the street , growl , scatter rioters in its wake . it 's a mad , frightening sight , like a fulfillment of the biblical prophecy produce by p.t barnum , whose Museum be burn in the distance . scream , yell , curse and groans . cry of pain and fear as rioters jump out of the way of the wild animal , then course up the street toward Broadway burn in the distance . from above , on the roof of Jacob 's ladder , Amsterdam and Jenny watch the madness below . amsterdam ( watch lion ) that must be the vanguard of barnum 's army . jenny this city will burn like gomorrah . amsterdam then we will take what we can before it get too hot . jenny I think it 's past that already . amsterdam it will never come to that . this people be not gang - lead and they have no purpose . they would rather die for themselves than the army , that 's the purpose . what would you do ? amsterdam fight better and not get so mad . they be only do what they should have do year ago . why would they ever think there be another way to live ? jenny they believe what people tell they , that 's all . amsterdam what people be that ? the reverend at the mission ? boss Tweed ? Daniel killoran ? people like johnny sirocco ? jenny you believe johnny . amsterdam Hell . jenny and I believe you . amsterdam I be not do nothing different than what I tell you , Jen . jenny I believe what you say abaut be with I , with I alone . but you lie to I . it 's not I alone , it 's just you and Bill poole . youlre so blood - blind you can not see nothing else , not even this ! amsterdam I do not care a fine damn about what they want ! it 's what I want ! they will not dare harm the point , that 's all I care about ! let they turn the rest of the city into hell ! it 's another country anyway . jenny it 's not a country for I , Amsterdam . I do not know about you . will you come with I ? amsterdam not now . jenny now be when I be go . will you come ? amsterdam I do not want all this fight to go to waste , Jen . I want to come out of it with something . and I get to be wait for the Butcher . CUT to 101 int . underground / jacob' ladder Jenny dig out she treasure from she mother 's grave , throw open the box , start to grab all the swag she can and hide it on she person ... in she pocket , under she clothes , anywhere . she take as much as she can , but she have to travel fast . CUT to 102 ext . STREET night beginning a swift series of scene that be like a laudanum nightmare . the street be jammed with people flee and people fight ... as Jenny force she way through , try to escape . a small mob start to attack a house where a terrified family stand in the doorway . family man we be with you , do not harm we ! mob man show we you spirit and come out with we then ! mob woman and put a candle in the window to show you be one with we ! every light be a flame against the draft ! the wife beg she husband not to join the mob , but they pull he out into the street . the mob woman hand the wife a candle , then run back to join the mob . Jenny start to cross paradise Square now ... try to cross , anyway ... and pass the stand where Tweed deliver he speech that very morning . she see : the cavalry officer . several mob women have revive he with water . he have be beat terribly , but as he moan and start to regain consciousness , the mob women fall upon he with fresh fury , kicking and hitting he helpless body . they break he bone with rock and tear off the fancy braid of he uniform to hang around they neck . now a second mob rush toward the first from the opposite side of paradise Square . Chaos . Jenny be buffete wildly . it 's like be in a whirlpool . she grab a little girl whose face be bruise and blaody but whose eye shine wildly . jenny what be it ? little girl cop have everything close to the north , and the militia 's come . CUT to 103 ext . STREET / five point night as Jenny press she way through the mob-devoure street . she see : men , women and child attack a small group of black . boy my daddy do not have to die for you ! why should he fight and die for you ? Jenny look ahead , see : the river , in the distance . and flame . she run forward , stumble . some of the swag fall to the street . she scramble to pick it up as rioters rush by she . CUT to 104 ext . pier hudson river night matte : the surface of the water look like a mirror make of flame . the pier be burning . the dock be ash . sailor battle a mob for possession of a small rowboat . as they fight , the boat start to drift . Jenny spot it , run for it ... but so do another girl . younger than tenny -- 20 maybe , jennyl age when Amsterdam fall in love with she . they both get to the boat at the same time . each grip it by a gunwale , and they stare at each other like two jungle beast over a kill . jenny I would kill you for this . the girl lunge at she with a knite , and Jenny shoot . the girl slide into the flame - reflect Hudson as if she drown in a pit of lava . Jenny climb into the boat and frantically start to row . we stay close on she ... work the oar clumsily , furiously ... move the boat across the water , try to get away from the city ... ... and we go wider now . a huge line of iron -- like the side of a glacier ... bisect the frame , then start to move . Jenny turn , sees it . it be ... ... the loom hull of a ironclad war ship ( matte ) . it lobs cannon fire into the city , set off tremendous explosion . Jenny turn back for the shore ... ... as cannonballs land , devastating rioter . CUT to 105 ext . shore / river night matte : Police and militia push the rioter back toward the river like rat . a cannanball explode in they midst ... ... injure many more cop and militia than rioter . the rioter rally , run over the body of fall cop and soldier . now the advantage be theirs ; cop and militia be in retreat . Jenny climb up on shore and join the mob as it press back inland . CUT to 106 ext . doyer STREET / the bloody angle night further from the dock . shell still explode in the distance . Jenny move with the maraud mob , recognize doyer Street . she split away from the mob , move stealthily into the street know as the bloody angle . and stop . weird shadow dance on the wall of the building . smoke and eerie light . the angle be line with lamppost . and from every lamppost dangle the body of a black man . or woman . or child . some be still smoulder . at the base of a lamppost , a group of rioters have cut open the hog-ty corpse of a black man and be pour oil into it . one of the rioters see Jenny , grin and hold out the torch he 's hold . she shake she head and start to back out of the alley . the rioter touch the torch to the oil in the wound of the corpse . the body ignite in flame . the rioters pull on a rope and the body rise , burn , to the top of the lamppost ... ... where its awful shadow join all the other in the madhouse refraction on wall all up and down the street . on the street , as the flame dance and the body burn , rioter dance and sing . walpurgis night . from this mad shadow , we ... dissolve to 107 ext . roof / jacob-s ladder night ... the face of Amsterdam , step out of the shadow of the roof . there be flame in the distance . the whole gang be assemble , face he as he speak . amsterdam no we be not go to fight , but we can take something for ourselves out of this . jimmy spoil I want to know who hang they body in the bloody angle . I want to address who do it . amsterdam five thousand people in the street do it ! boss Tweed do it ! abe lincoln do it ! there 's nothing you can do about any one of they but stay with we . you will have a little of you own back . jimmy spoil how 's that ? amsterdam this riot be a gift . they ... ... he pause just for a moment as he see a hand on the last rung of the outside ladder lead to the roof : it 's Jenny , return . amsterdam ... they have make everything clear , as you might say . ( to Jenny ) be you with we , then ? jenny until I can get out . I will go with you ... ( straight at Amsterdam ) ... meantime . amsterdam good . we be go for the armory at Canal Street . jimmy spoil the armory ! we will have to beat the militia to get there . amsterdam there 's a way through the line . Jen , do you see the cop and militia ? jenny I can show you from here where they be . I doubt they will get to the armory in force before midday tomorrow . amsterdam we will get there first . we will take everything we can carry , and destroy the rest so no one else have the use of it , the militia , the native , nobody . then we will turn to real business . we will go down to the battery . jimmy spoil why , we go to take a sail to Europe ? amsterdam no . but we could , after this . we be go ... ( slowly , savore this ) ... we be go to take the bank . the government bank . ( awed silence from all ) be we not ? jenny ( beat ; step forward ) seem we be . one by one , then in small group , the entire gang follows she . they be uncertain , reluctant , even frighten at the audacity of the scheme . but they stand with Amsterdam . CUT to 108 int . MAIN room / tammany hall night the crowded main room of boss Tweed 's domain , jamme with anxious politicos and official , as well as a harry group of telegraph operator who receive news of the riot from all over Manhattan . there be a huge map of the city against one wall : the place have be convert from a political princedom to a operational headquarters . johnny sirocco and Bill the Butcher be there . other guest include the governor , Mayor Fernando Wood , and a badly shake Horace greeley . greeley they attack I ! I have every sympathy for they at first ... boss tweed too much sympathy , Horace . write this riot be a rise against " unjust law and unsuitable law -giver . " the shame ! governor I suspend the draft at noon but the mob only grow more virulent . it be a criminal rise of the lowest class , of the gangster and rabble who have be allow by tammany to run lawless ! boss tweed it be tammany and the rabble that elect you , Governor . and it 's tammany and the gang who will stop it . be not that so , Bill ? bill the butcher ( nod at johnny ) I will not say nothin ' in front of he . who know what business he 's here on ? boss tweed he 's here on we business and my invitation . he 's already be of great help . what 's the opposition strength , John ? to answer , johnny yank back a curtain draw across a high window . the view , look downtown , be one of almost continual illumination -- every place the eye fall , candle burn in sympathy for the rioter . johnny each candle be against you , gent . mayor " against you , " sir ? do not you mean " we " . johnny ( diplomatic ) some of we come from that people , Mayor . I will not deny they still claim part of I . mayor which part ? perhaps you heart . boss tweed gentlemen , I be sorry you find it necessary to question the loyalty of my friend here , and by extension , my own judgement . so as proof ... John , where will the mob go ? what will the gang do ? ( johnny be uneasy about answer ) go on , tell they what you tell I . johnny there 's no tell about the mob . or the small gang . but the Dead rabbit ... if I be Amsterdam ... boss tweed ( interrupt ) as indeed you nearly be . be . johnny ... if I be ... I would figure to take the rabbit to the armory . boss tweed would you agree with that , Bill ? would not you do the same ? if you be fight against the militia instead of beside they ? bill the butcher beside they ? what be you talk ... ? boss tweed ( interrupt ) you will have to fight beside they to take the armory . it can not fall into unfriendly hand . bill the butcher I can not stand with the militia against the people . I could never work the point no more if I do . boss tweed we be all of we sweep up in a great tide of event , Bill . have you learn to swim ? from Bill 's face , struggle to make sense of this , know Tweed 's right but not want to believe it , we ... dissolve to 109 int . MAIN room / tammany hall night ... johnny 's face , as Tweed talk to he . it be later , and the Butcher have leave . the activity be still frantic all around , but Tweed speak in unhurry tone . boss tweed I be sure that Bill will do he usual splendid job . but after that ... well , I be afraid he 's grow away from we . ( johnny look puzzle ) he show distress sign of ... shall we say , free-think . crime flourish in chaos , and this riot could encourage Bill to overstep himself . he no longer inspire in I the same trust ... well , that you might . if you can prove yourself further . 109 continued : johnny you already say in front of everyone you trust I . boss tweed in vital thing . would I be talk to you now otherwise ? vital thing , but small thing . be you equal to great responsibility and opportunity ? johnny such as what ? boss tweed ridding I of Bill the Butcher . ( johnny be startle ) he may question you loyalty to I , but Bill would never believe you have the sand to go against he . he would never expect it . do you have the sand ? from johnny 's face , struggle to make the right answer , we ... dissolve to 110 int . jacob' ladder ... ansterdam 's face , as he look up from prepare a brace of pistol for the next day 's scheme . amsterdam let he in . johnny enter the common room of jaccb 's ladder , where the Dead rabbit have gather to ready themselves . as they work over they weapon and prepare battle dress , johnny walk through they midst . they do not acknowledge he ... except for Jenny . jenny do you miss we , John ? johnny not a bit . amsterdam ( rise to meet he ) be you here to spy ? johnny I do not have to spy . Amsterdam lead johnny off to a shadowy corner of the room where they can talk privately . johnny ( as they walk ) I know what you be do . I tell Tweed what you be do . amsterdam you do not know what I be do . johnny you be go after the armory . amsterdam be I now ? why do you think that ? johnny ' Cause that 's what I would do , and you and I think alike . amsterdam no more . and it do not seem worth a visit to tell I something you already think I be do . johnny there 's something else alright . Tweed 's arrange to kill Bill the Butcher . amsterdam ( disbely ) who could Tweed get to do that ? johnny one of he own . amsterdam there 's no one around he ... johnny ( interrupt ) listen , it do not matter who , it 's go to be do , that 's all ! Tweed be not go to wait around for you and Bill to settle yourselves . I be tell you so you have a chance . amsterdam chance of what ? johnny a chance ... a chance to do what you want . bury the Butcher , draw what blood you get to . but you better make speed . the native will move on the armory too . amsterdam and what 's any of it mean to you ? johnny it mean whatever 's leave of friendship , I do not know . there 's still part of I here . I do not want to see you lose everything in you life at once . amsterdam I be go to lose nothing . ( beat ) if you believe I , you can stay . johnny I get to go . he turn so Amsterdam can not see he face and leave - jenny so tammany 's go to kill the Butcher . that put you and Tweed on the same side . do that make the path clear enough to suit you ? from Amsterdam 's face , try to work out all the new angle , we ... dissolve to 111 int . native american hideout ... Amsterdam 's face , full of resolve , stare unblink as ... ... the barrel of two dozen rifle surround the edge the screen , box Amsterdam in , as if he head be in a frame . and Bill the Butcher gaze at he with astonishment . we be , for the first time , in the native ' lair , a house hang with american flag of all shape and vintage , some of they tear by battle , other by year of weather and use . some of they go back to the early day of the republic . there be not a inch of wood or wall space to be see for all the star and stripe . bill the butcher murder I ? no one 's go to murder I . amsterdam then you better learn to fight lock over you shoulder , Bill , because that 's the only way you will ever see it come . bill the butcher I do not believe it , and I do not believe it 's you tell I . you get no reason to care about any danger to I . amsterdam one reason . you be my kill , Butcher . no one else be go to have you , not Tweed , not tammany , not that pig in the street . no one -- not even you , Bill - - will ever take the pleasure of you death away from I . I would do anything to keep you for my own , even if I have to protect you . bill the butcher you protect I ? get out of here and go to hell . amsterdam Fine , so long as I pass you on my way . bill the butcher maybe I would believe you more if I know who be talk to you . amsterdam someone I credit . bill the butcher that mean nothing to I . none of this mean nothing to I because I be tammany . without I and my native they be nothing but a bunch of old horse at a trough . amsterdam you join with I and we fight against tammany , fight they back and out of the point . then you and I can settle . but if you do not join with I , then there will not be no settlement because you will be murder in the street and the whole point will be mine . bill the butcher I relish the think ... just the think ... of cut you up and open you wide . so if just think about it give I such pleasure , imagine how I be go to enjoy do it . amsterdam why do not I make it easy for you , then . he turn he back on the Butcher and start to walk out , through the entire gang of native . amsterdam same as you be make it easy for Tweed . he keep walk ... through the native ... dozen of ancient enemy glower at he . bill the butcher Amsterdam ! ( Amsterdam look around ) do not be like you father . do not make it too easy . Amsterdam struggle to keep he temper . but he turn and keep walk through the enemy camp as we ... dissolve to 112 int . jacob' ladder .... Amsterdam walk . but this time , he be walking among he gang . all the Dead rabbit be assemble , weapon ready . Jenny be beside he . then Jimmy spoil . then a few other . as the group pass , other stand and walk with they ... ... until the whole gang be rally ... ... and bound for the passageway in the corner of the room that lead under the building . dissolve to 113 int . basement as Amsterdam and the gang head through the catacomb-like basement , past the grave , into a tunnel . torchlight gutter all around . they step echo like repeat rifle shot . dissolve to 114 int . tunnel the whole gang march down a tunnel under the Old Brewery . except for Amsterdam and Jenny , they all wear they tamlas . many have mark and gang insignia on they face . all of they have weapon . a lot of weapon . frightened face -- people seek shelter and safety from the riot -- appear in the darkness , then vanish like ghost . as the rabbit walk , they summon memory of the first fight , that same march through the tunnel when Amsterdam march beside he father . Amsterdam 's face give little away . but perhaps he be remember that day too . dissolve to 115 int . tunnel the last tunnel .. shred of light from a door in the distance . Amsterdam walk up to the door and -- just as monk eastman do year before -- kick it down . dim dawn light flood the tunnel as the Dead rabbit step out . CUT to 116 ext . canal STREET dawn the first thing we see be a elephant , who trumpet fearfully at the sudden sound of the sattere door . the gang stop , wary of this huge refugee from barnum 's Museum , but the animal be more frighten of they . it hurry on down the street ... ... revealing behind it a group of several dozen rioters who carry a huge american flag and a long wooden plank bear the legend " no draft . " they stare at the rabbit with something near reverence . amsterdam where 's the Native Americans ? rioter ai not see they . ai not here . amsterdam and the militia ? rioter there 's a detachment come on from two street over . the rest be still north of here . what be you after ? Amsterdam point to a formidable building a block away : the armory . it look like a fortress . rioter the Devil himself could not take that place . amsterdam that 's why he send we . CUT to 117 ext . STREET near armory / day the detachment of militia proceed warily towards the armory . they be a young , uncertain - look outfit ; they commander look like a upstate farm kid . he tense and he eye widen as he see Jenny walk toward he , carry a boy in she arm . jenny ( cry ) help I . oh please help I . he 's shot , we need a doctor , please help . detachment commander miss , we be not a medical outfit . the main unit 's ten minute behind we , they will have ... he do not get the chance to finish . Jenny drop the Boy from she arm and shoot the detachment Commander once , cleanly ... ... as the Boy role into a prone position and fire two shot into the stunne detachment ... ... while the Dead rabbit swarm from every doorway along the street , firing gun and brandish weapon . it 's over in second . the detachment have hardly get off a shot . every one of they lie dead or wounded in the street ... ... as the rabbit crouch over they body . CUT to 118 ext . armory day a rifle emplacement manned by a dozen guard - they stand anxious post in front of the armory . each window be bar and fortify , and the front door be massive . but the tension in the Guards ' face ease a little when they see ... ... the detachment of militia head towards they down the street . some of the detachment be wear bloody uniform jacket ; several be be carry . the detachment , unrecognize by the Guards , be make up entirely of Dead rabbit . amsterdam help we , we get wounded ! guard 1 we can not leave the post . amsterdam open the damn door then ! we be bad hurt ! guard 1 where 's the other ? amsterdam just behind we ! but I get we major here wounded so bad half he gut be out ! Guard 1 signal for the door to be open to the armory as the detachment draw close to the emplacement . guard 1 God , it 's good to see you ! amsterdam likewise . ainsterdam shoot he where he stand as the rabbit overwhelm the emplacement . amsterdam ( shouting ) move fast ! we get to get out with everything we can before the militia get here ! as the armory Guards return fire , the Boy Jenny carry in the previous scene run for the telegraph pole and start to climb . a shot make the wood fly inch from he face ... ... as the rabbit storm into the armory , firing wildly . the Boy reach the top of the telegraph pole and cut the wire . he shinny back down the pole as the wire swing ineffectually in the air and we ... dissolve to int . y hall / MAIN room 119 ..a telegram , hold in killoran 's hand . he pass it to Tweed . killoran it 's from the armory Guards . that 's the last before the wire go dead . boss tweed ( read , furious ) if the rabbit be already at the armory , where the hell be Bill and the militia ? he throws the telegram onto the floor , where it join a whole sea of yellow telegraph form . they be shin-high ; there must be thousand of they . killoran they get to be near . johnny so long as they be near , it 's alright . the rabbit can take the armory , but they can not hold it . if Bill can get into position , he can make sure they do not get out . boss tweed alright then , John , you pray to any God you choose that 's the fact of it . if Bill think he can best the native , that be you opportunity . that be you moment . ( johnny hesitates ) be you a Bible man ? the Book say in revelation , " I see a new heaven and a new earth . " if the hand of God 's not on you to fulfill that prophecy , then the hand of Tweed will be . go on and God bless . johnny look like he be about to say something , but he stop ; look at Tweed a moment longer ; then nod acknowledgment and leave . governor I do not believe he can do it , Tweed . boss tweed oh , I think he can . whether it 's one man against another or a mob against the city , the mathematics remain the same . you never enjoy the enlightenment of poverty , do you , Governor ? if you have , you would know you can always hire half the poor to kill the other half . CUT to 120 ext . armory day a tremendous volley of gunfire , as if to illustrate the Tweed theory of class warfare . body fall in the street . body fall from the armory . the building be under siege by the main unit of the militia and by Bill the Butcher and the native . the Dead rabbit be trap . johnny snake through the Native american line , over dead body , move towards Bill , who he see a hundred yard away ... ... run over corpse of comrade and enemy toward the militia commader . as shot widen , the carnage be reveal . body of native , in they uniform duster , and rabbit , in they tamlas , lie side by side in the street . 120 continued : firing continue from both side as the Butcher shout at the militia Commander . bill the butcher we move now and we can drive they out ! we press they and they will break ! militia commander I can not spare the man or stand the risk ! we stay fast and smoke lem out ! bill the butcher Tweed put I in charge of this ! I say we move , and by the crucify Christ we will move ! ( turn to he man ) Native Americans , come with I ! any militia that want to live upright instead of die hunkere down , come with we ! Bill stalk through the line , rallying the man . and johnny start to follow . bill the butcher we will show you gladiator ' greatness ! come on ! the man start to join the Butcher ; even some militia fall in . johnny slip through the man gather near the Butcher . he 's closer to Bill than ever . Bill start to mount they barricade . there be movement and commotion all around he as native and militia fall into rough formation . it threaten to obscure Bill from johnny 's view . Shield he . he have to make he move . now . he draw a revolver as militia and native pass in front of he ... he aim ... he 's anxious , confuse ... he hand shake ... he fire ... too soon ! ... ... and hit a Native , who fall dead . right near Bill . the Butcher turn in the direction of the shot , sees johnny . they eye lock . johnny fire again ... wing Bill ... ... and Bill shoot he . johnny fall with the first shot . Bill 's above he now , look down at he . bill the butcher be it Tweed or you friend put you to this ? johnny Tweed . Bill shoot he again , point blank . johnny scream . bill the butcher you would lie to save you friend . johnny ( in terrible pain ) no . there 's no friend for I . bill the butcher I the same . pity we both . he empties he revolver into johnny . bill the butcher ( to he man ) hold you fire ! ( toward the armory ) in there ! hey in there ! I want to talk to Amsterdam ! the militia Commander be aghast at this proposition and start forward , gun in hand . but a Native stop he . Amsterdam 's face appear in a front window of the armory . amsterdam go on , then , talk . bill the butcher you and I . amsterdam ( beat ) come ahead then . and bring my friend 's body . Bill the Butcher sling johnny 's body over he shoulder as easily as if it be a empty sack of flour ... ... and start walk thraugh the line toward the armory . the militia watch in disbelief , the native in confusion . the Dead rabbit keep the Butcher in they sight . but no one fire . no one move . and Bill the Butcher enter the front door of the armory . CUT to 121 int . armory day as the Butcher be admit through the huge door which clang shut quickly behind he . it 's a scene of devastation inside - dozen of dead and wounded everywhere . and enough rifle and munition to sink Manhattan island . Bill the Butcher stand dead center in the middle of the armory floor as Amsterdam walk toward he . the Butcher drop johnny 's body in a heap at he foot . bill the butcher you friend make different friend lately . amsterdam tammany 's put we all in the same place . you want to get out alive ? bill the butcher it do not matter to I . I get enemy outside , enemy in here . the militia can move on I anytime . you could drop I before I get to the door . amsterdam I do not want to lose you so easy . you will never get past the militia unless you come with the Dead rabbit . bill the butcher you would lay aside what 's between we ? amsterdam I be not forget where I put it . bill the butcher if you do , I will remind you . ( he turn , leave ) amsterdam what 's you call , Bill ? bill the butcher I be consider where 's my better chance . he walk to the door . the rabbit guard it do not make a move . he open it himself and stride out into the street . CUT to 122 ext ./ int . armory day Bill walk alone toward the Native / militia line . from inside ... from every window ... the Dead rabbit watch he . the sun be high , but the street be eerily quiet . there be faraway sound of battle , but here there be only the sound of distant , unheard conversation between Bill , the militia Commander and some native . Amsterdam watch intently . the Butcher and the militia Commander argue , but we still can not hear what they be say . there be still no sound ... ... until , suddenly , we see the militia Commander 's face . huge . eye wide with surprise as we hear the thunderclap of a shot . Bill the Butcher have just gutshot the militia Commander . as if the shot be a signal , the native turn on the militia . it 's hellish , close - quarter combat . gun fire inch from enemy who have just be ally . knive , sword , bludgeon , kid with dead - rat blackjack , woman with hob-naile wooden plank , attack better - armed but totally stunne soldier . Bill the Butcher fall back toward the armory , the native follow he . Inside the armory , Amsterdam turn to he own greatly diminish gang . amsterdam go ahead they , give they cover ! give they some damn cover ! the rabbit be so stunne to be fight on the same side as they swear enemy that , even with Amsterdam 's order , no one make a move . it 's Amsterdam who fire the first shot . and that unleash a great volley from the armory ... ... toward the militia . the Butcher and the native be closer to the armory now ... and the armory door start to open ... ... when a militia lieutenant signal ... ... and militia on the surround roof , wait for this moment , suddenly open fire ... on the native below and on the rabbit on the roof of the armory . many drop in the street and fall from the armory roof ... ... as the armory door swing wide to admit the native . as they run or stagger inside , the rabbit start to close the door . some rabbit be cut down by the fire from the rooftop . other native never make it to the door . and a few be shot ... ... when the door close before they can get through . CUT to 123 int . / ext . armory day the Dead rabbit keep fire , but they have sustained grave loss . the Butcher look around at the native who have make it inside with he : he have perhaps one - quarter of he original strength . bill the butcher well , it seem like between we we get two mob that might make a gang . amsterdam whose gang might it be ? bill the butcher not William Tweed 's . Jimmy spoil and a crew of native push a cannon toward the rear of the armory . amsterdam which way you point that ? jimmy spoil any way you say . one direction could let we out , the other will let they in . bill the butcher they get to come in if we be go to fight they . amsterdam who do you want to fight , Bill ? Amsterdam motion toward the rear wall and Jimmy swing the cannon around . everything surround they be movement and commotion as the remain member of both gang take whatever weapon they can carry from the armory stockpile ... ... and Jenny step forward with a torch , lighting the fuse of the cannon ... ... which roar and blows a huge hole in the rear wall of the armory . amsterdam ( to Bill the Butcher ) see you in the street . the gang member rush for the open , carry whatever they can manage . outside , the militia lieutenant hear the cannon blast ... see no damage to the front of the building ... and signal for a frontal assault on the armory . high angle from above , camera moving as the militia charge ... follow they forward , then move ahead to the armory ... shoot straight down inside ( no roof or ceiling ) as the gang hurtle through the still - smolder hole in the wall ... ... and drop twenty foot to a alley below ... ... where militia on the roof try to pick they off . as the militia press closer from the front , gang defense start to fall back inside the armory . everyone want to get through that hole . Amsterdam , Jenny , Jimmy spoil and some of the other gang nember be carry torch . Jenny hand a torch to the Butcher . Amsterdam motion they all toward the back of the armory . but he stay behind . just for a moment . he bend over the crumpled body of johnny sirocco , arrange it , fold johnny' hand across he chest . amsterdam you will have a warrior 's funeral anyway , John . he stand and run for the hole in the wall , where Jenny and the other stand wait . he turn , take a last look inside the armory . the militia be batter down the front door . then he raise he torch over he head ... and hurl it through the air . Jenny and the other do the same . his single torch blaze a path of light across the screen . the other , joining it , make a fiery constellation . CUT to 124 ext . rear of armory / street behind armory day as Jenny , Jimmy spoil , Bill the Butcher and Amsterdam hurtle through the hole into the alley below ... ... and start to run through the wither gunfire of the militia on the roof ... ... get away ... just barely away . as Jenny run , she swag drop and fall from under she clothes . she turn to pick it up but Amsterdam pull she on .... ... and just away from the titanic explosion of the armory . the concussion throw some of the militia from they perches on the roof . it send a fountain of flame and rubble high into the sky . it be volcanic in its brilliance and intensity . the sky turn black with powder , blazing orange with flame . in the small street behind the armory , many gang member be crushed by debris or burn by fireballs break off from the central flame . the armory be go . much of the surround area be go with it . on the ground , everything be smoke , flame , dirt , death , confusion , corpse everywhere . gang member and kid run all over , desperate . it look like the last day of mankind on earth . Bill the Butcher help a couple of fall native , then sees through the smoke and flame and storm of ash ... Amsterdam . come towards he . bill the butcher we be finish , all of we . amsterdam but you and I be not settle . bill the butcher we get the same now , a full share of nothing . there 's nothing to settle . there 's nothing leave . Amsterdam take a weapon from he pocket , open it for the Butcher to see : it be the pirate 's knife which the Butcher use to kill Priest vallon . amsterdam then let 's start over . Bill the Butcher look tired , sorrowful . he bury he face wearily in he arm . and for a moment we think he have give everything up . Amsterdam move toward he , throu