garden state written by Zach braff in black : airplane pilot ( o.s. ) ( panicky ; through crackly radio ) Los Angeles Tower , this be transworld two -two heavy , we be go down ! repeat ... engine two and three be ... L.A. Tower this be mayday I mayday ! tower ( o.s. ) ( through crackly radio ) 2 -2 heavy , pull upt pull up ! the radio noise be drown out by the a capella , soprano voice of a young indian boy as he sing a melodic Hindi prayer . int . airplane cabin --- night the worst nightmare imaginable : slow motion : the plane be go down fast everyone panic and scream in slow motion as the oxygen mask away like plastic pendulum . the soprano voice continue the prayer . andrew largeman ( large ) , 25 , be the only passenger who remain unfaze . even as the flame from the wing echo fiery reflection on he cheek , even as the young mother seat next to he clutches she newborn and wail towards God , even as bag fall from the overhead compartment at half - speed and the beverage cart slide down the aisle , Andrew largeman sit peacefully ; unaffected . he calmly reach up and turn he air vent so it blow directly on he . he look up to the fasten seat belt sign it bing as the light flash on and off . the binging continue more and more frequently ; at first in rhythm with the prayer and then it dissolves into the ring of a electronic telephone . dissolve to : int . bedroom -- morning whiteness . Morning sun stream through a palatial picture window . the phone continue to ring . a ceiling fan spin above stack of script , a cell phone charge , bare wall and a small human figure dwarf by the enormous white bed in which he sleep . he by bounce back and forth under they lid as he dream like they be chase each other in a game of tag . the phone be finally answer by the machine . large 's eye stop move . 2 voice on machine ( 0.s. ) Andrew ... this be you father . large' eye slowly float open . voice hi , hello , it 's uh . look uh , you do not call I back so I do not know how to do this . if I can not ... if you be not gonna return my call then there 's no way for we to communicate . so uh ... ' ( start to cry ) look , I do not know how to do . this , but you be gonna need to come home now . last night uh ... you mother die last night , Andrew . she uhh ... I be sorry . I be so sorry . but she uh ... she drown ... last night she drown in the bath ... beep . the machine cut the voice off . large' eye processing . they elide slowly leave , then back right as if scan in data . he blink . he blink again slowly . his eyelid float close . he fall back to sleep . fade to black -' in black : the rush of water from the bathroom sink . int . bathroom -- morning large appear to stare directly at we . he 's daze . his body be there , but he mind seem absent . he reach to the middle of the frame , almost at we , and pull open both door of the mirror he 's be stare into . his face and chest be immediately replace with the two dozen orange prescription drug canister that immaculately line the shelf of he medicine cabinet . he close the mirror door and stare at himself . music cub . , ( " don't panic " by coldplay ) ext . century CITY pavilion -- later large rush through throng of people on they lunch break . he manage to avoid eye contact with all of they as he try to find a address while check a piece of paper . he board a outdoor escalator and start climb thl - stair . 0 3 after a moment he look to he right through a window into a gym where a man on a stairmaster be walk alongside he . large register something : he be not go anywhere . the camera pull back to reveal he 's be walk up on the down side . he stand still and let it bring he all the way down , where he move to the " up " one and rise towards the next level . his expression never change . int . casting office -- day a casting assistant sit behind stack of headshot and manilla envelope while the phone ring constantly . large sit next to another actor that look exactly like he ; they be even dress alike . assistant caste , please hold . casting , please hold . we pull back to reveal : they be sit beneath a eight foot photograph of " urkel " wag he finger at the camera . a slow 360 degree pan around the room reveal ten other actor identical to large aggressively rehearse they line to themselves . the actor seat next to large lean over to he . actor we be whore . large look at he . actor ( cont ' D ) " I be not a whore , " you say . and to that I say , " if you would do this ... that you would do ' this ... you be a whore . " ' but it pay the bill , " you say ; startin ' to get a little piss . and to that I say : " how do whore , how do you think a hooker justify what she do to she non-hooker friend ? " ( beat ) it pay the bill . ( reading ) " codey , a extreme , special - ope hacker with a edge . ' what the fuck be a " edge " ? can you explain " edge " to I ? be it just messy hair ? ( beat ) hey , wait . be not you the guy who book the retarded quarterback ? a overweight casting assistant enter . assistant luka Fox ? actor yeah , hey Sandy . 4 assistant Leslie . actor ( under he breath ) fuck . assistant come on in . ( to the room ) hey guy , we be only do the first scene okay ; the " I will cut you ! " scene . thanks . actor good talk with you , bro . ( beat ) peace . we hold on large as he swing he gaze to the actor on he other side aggressively run he line to the air . int . large ' S car -- day hazy and claustrophobic in stop traffic on the 405 freeway . large stare absently out the window as blaring siren . compete with the obnoxious rambling of L.A. talk radio . large suddenly squint he eye and clutches he neck in pain . ext . fancy hollywood vietnamese restaurant - night large pull he car into a parking spot , throw " the Club " on he steering wheel and head towards the back door of the restaurant . but something catch he eye on the side of he car . the camera pull back to reveal : a gasoline pump nozzle sit in he gas tank with a foot of tatter hose rip off at the end . he stare at it , try to remember the last time he buy gas . he look both way and covertly pull the nozzle from he tank . he walk towards the back door of the restaurant and throw the nozzle in a open dumpater . int . fancy hollywood vietnamese restaurant - night large fling open the door and enter a long , dark corridor line with stack chair . he pass a waiter in a black tunic wear eye make - up to make he look asian . waiter Dick head . you have get thirty - four and twenty - five seat and Taylor book a pilot so he quit . you pick a bad night to be late . 5 large glide through the chaotic environment unfaze by any of the stress . he round a corner to a time card machine and swipe he card . the machine beeps and display the word , " late " in red . he cross to a locker and quickly change into a black tunic and pants . he move through the kitchen which be whirling with over thirty people in white : chopping , fry , saute , yelling . the vietnamese chef wear a headset and bark order down the line . large be meet by a french woman manager . she walk with he as he weave he way through the kitchen . french manager ( french accent ) ten resume just today . they come in everyday from Idaho or Florida or milwaukee and do you know what they want even more than a guest spot on " everybody love Raymond " ? they want you job . this will not happen again . this will never happen again . you have two table . you be thirty minute late ; if I ever say this again , you job will go to : she pull off the top resume from the bunch she 's grasp ; revealing a headshot on the other side . french manager ( cont 'd ) Todd slauson from duluth , Minnesota . during all this , large remain calm and unphase . he take a stick of eye make - up from the pocket of the tunic and paint he eye to appear asian . ( as do all the white , good - look , male waiter . ) he take a small radio transceiver device from the pocket of the tunic and turn it on . he unwind the ear piece , pull it through the back of he jacket , out the neck and into he ear . immediately we hear a vietnamese man' voice give order over the ear piece . vietnamese voice ( o.s. ) ( accented , but monotone ) waiter number fifteen , you table number twenty - three be ready . large take a deep breath and push open the door into : int . dine room -- continuous a very fancy Hollywood vietnamese restaurant fill to capacity with a Friday evening crowd . the energy be completely different from the other side of the door . soft asian music ' play , the room be very dim and light by candlelight . 0 6 vietnamese voice ( o.s. ) ( through earpiece ) waiter ten , you forget the order of forty - one for table one - o- one . all waiter , eighty - six tuna special . large remain dead - pan as he cross to a table with six young , hot Hollywood type . young hollywood guy what the fuck , man ? what be you on break ? large do not respond . young hollywood guy ( cont 'd ) do not worry about it ; I be just messin ' with ya . lemme get three kettle Red bull arid ... reeling girl can I have a kettle cosmo with Red bull , please . and some bread too . a - sap . large we do not have bread . reeling girl what do you mean you do not have bread ? how could you not have bread ? large we just do not have bread it 's ... we be a vietnamese restaurant . reeling girl well you be not vietnamese . large no , I be not . reeling girl so ? ( beat ) well something to chew on -- fuck . bamboo ... whatever . large I will see what I can find . he turn and walk off . vietnamese voice ( o.s. ) waiter number twelve , flight number 121 with non-stop service to Newark International will be depart from gate d- 32 . 7 on large' face close as he close he eye and we : fade to black : in black : the blare of a jet liner taring off dissolves into int . airport bathroom -- day the rush of water as large wash he hand at the last oink in a very long row . he grab he neck while squinting he eye close in pain for a brief second . a moment later he pick up he bag and head down the line of sink . as he pass each sink , he unknowingly activate they motion sensor and each faucet shoot a tiny burst of water . the nasally voice of a woman singing a off key version of " once , twice , Three Times a Lady " with synthesizer accompaniment . ext . cemetery - day a large group of people be gather around a steel coffin . atop the coffin site a frame picture of a tired look woman in a wheelchair . this be sarah largeman . we find sylvia largeman , the source of the music . close on her face as the assort palette of color make - up on she cheek swirl together with tear until it collect on the tip of she chin and drip like a leaky faucet onto : her lyric sheet as a rainbow of tear splatter the word " once and " twice " . the song finish and the rabbi begin a series of Hebrew prayer . large squint through the mourner to see he father gideon largeman shovel a handful of dirt onto the casket . behind he stand cynthia dillard , 25 , a beautiful young Black woman . he focus rack to reveal two young man seat on a rusty tractor smoking cigarettes about thirty yard behind the ceremony . we jump CUT to after the ceremony as large weave through the crowd and approach the two man . we see now they be ha - rk 26 , good look in a dirty way . and dave , 26 . they be quite filthy , but each sport expensive jewelry and black yarmulke . they look up as large approach . marx holy shit large t'sup . 8 dave Holy shit ! MARK largeman , what the hell be you doin ' here ? large ( embarrassed ) oh ... uh that 's my mom . dave fuck . MARK puck. sorry . ( beat ) well ... welcome home - large thanks . yeah . how you guy doin ' ? MARK same . dave same . large Nice . silence . MARK where the fuck you be , man ? you be like still act and shit , right ? large yeah . dave in LA right ? large yeah . MARK that 's cool . I hear that place be pretty tuck up , man . I get a cousin who 's a writer out there . he say that place be mad crazy . Coke everywhere , party , horny - ass bitch ... dave who ? MARK what ? 9 dave which cousin ? MARK Terry . dave Terry 's in LA ? I think he be gettin ' he ged down in Newark . MARK no bitch , he 's in LA now . he 's a writer . he 's writin ' a movie about snowboarder or some shit , X do not know . I should introduce you to he largeman , maybe you guy could do something together . large great . dave so what be you doin ' tonight , man ? large nothing ... no plan . I be just here for a couple day ... nothing . dave you should come out with we , we be gonna head over to the gleason 's house . he 's have some huge fuckin ' party tonight or something . MARK supposedly . dave supposedly . large really ? MARK yeah , he life up on the hill . we be probably gonna head over there right after we bury you mom . dave well I gotta shower . MARK same . large okay , well ... you know I will have to see with all this ... this . MARK all right . well , welcome back . 10 dave peace . large head back to he car . the crowd have disperse . int . largeman house : live room - day tight on : a enormous portrait photograph that fill a wall ; in it , large ( as a young boy ) , Sarah ( not yet in a wheelchair ) and gideon largeman huddle together with a Black woman and she young daughter ( Cynthia ) against a white background . they all wear white t--shirt , blue jeans and no sock . everyone but Sarah smile widely into the lens . " shiva " be in full swing as forty or so older suburban jewish New Jersey 'ite of every shape and size mingle over small food and small talk . the camera move past several conversation : a heavy woman with gob of make - up and lot of gold . woman 1 . well you have to call she ; she never call anyone . a woman in a white tennis outfit talk to a group . woman 2 this be a woman who never smile . a older man in glass with cream cheese all over he lip . man 1 somebody eat all the lox . the camera move to : two very jewish older lady simultaneously tell the same story to a group of friend . lady 1 the new thing be " talk to the hand . " lady 2 that 's what they be do . lady 1 but you get a hold it out like this . lady 2 like you be say ... lady 1 " I do not have the time for you . " lady 2 " so talk to my hand . " lady 1 " he 's the only one with time ... 11 lady 2 like you be say ... lady 1 " I do not have the time for you . " lady 2 " so talk to my hand . " lady 1 " he 's the only one with time ... lady 2 " time for the nonsense that you be give I . large site on a couch in the de next to he aunt sylvia , the singer from the funeral . some young child play on the rug in front of they . large stare off into space as she pet one of the child 's head and look to large for conversation . sylvia do you know you mother redid the hallway bathroom ? large look over , realize she 's talk to he . large what ? sorry . who ? sylvia since I meet she she never show a interest in anything . then all of a sudden a month ago she wake up and decide to redecorate a bathroom . I help she . large that 's great . ( try he best ) I will bet it be ... fun . sylvia well I sew . I make you something . large I ? thank you . do you ... sew it ? sylvia it 's a shirt . large great . sylvia I make short sleeve ... you know , for LA . 12 large great . I will wear it . sylvia will you try it on nowt large now ? sylvia well just in case I have to fix it before you leave again and we do not see you for another nine year , I want to make sure it fit . large oh. okay . sylvia you be gonna love the material . I use the leftover from you mother 's design . gorgeous . int . hallway bathroom -- moment later large flip the light on to reveal the entire bathroom be do in the same floral pattern ; everything : wallpaper , towel , curtain . he look down at the shirt ; it 's the same pattern . he slide he sweater off to reveal he pale , thin chest . he stare at himself in the mirror for a moment . he tilt he head to the right and stare at he body . he pull the shirt on and button up the front . as he do he entire chest and person disappear into the design of the room . he look at himself in the mirror ; it look like he head and forearm be float in mid-air . large almost smile as he make he forearm dance around in mid-air . tnt . gideone office -- continuous gideon largenan sit alone at he desk . large enter . large hi. G ideon hello - large how you doin ' ? gideon " well besides that tire . lincoln , how be the show ? " 13 large you know I be not really sure what to say here , dad , so I be sorry . gideon mmnn. ( beat ) do you see Cynthia ? large from afar at the cemetery . gideon she 's on call tonight ; she volunteer as a emt for the rescue squad . she 's do so well in mo school . large yeah , she 's amazing . I be really happy that everything 's work out so well for she . she deserve that . gideon I have very fond memory of the two of you run around here when you be little kid like brother and sister . silence . gideon ( cont 'd ) so how be you ? large I be okay . ( searching ) I have be get this pretty bad headache lately . it feel like a quick little lightning storm in my brain and then it 's go . I be think maybe you could set I up to get it check out while I be here . gideon go see Dr. Cohen first thing tomorrow morning . re 's a neurologist in my building . I will call he and he will fit you in . I be sure it 's nothing to worry about . silence . large nod . large House look great . 14 gideon oh ? that 's nice . we have be ... do a lot of work on it . large really ? gtdeon actually , no . I do not know why I just say that . we have not do anything to it . ( beat ) we clean it for this ; for this whole thing . Janice have be clean . large the bathroom in the hall . I notice someone redid that . gideon yeah . that 's new . do you eat ? you should eat . aunt sylvia put this whole thing together out there . I think there 's enough food out there for ... everybody . I mean , more . than everybody ... there 's a lot of food out there . large okay . I think I will go have some .. gideon there 's dessert too . large great . okay . gideon cake or something . large great . large start to leave . gideon I be glad you be here . large stop in the doorway . gideon ( cont 'd} say goodbye be important . I be glad you could ... fit it in . they nod at each other . large walk out . CUT to : 15 int . large be bedroom -- day a tatter , vintage american flag site frame above the bed . large ease past all the shelf ; trinket , nothing seem to mean anything and then a picture several people be seat amongst dozen of present laugh . A. seven year old large stand with he arm around a seven year old Cynthia . they both wear enormous " chicken - foot " slipper and smile from ear to ear . large 's Pov : zoom into the face of the only person in the photo not smile . this be Sarah largeman . she stand ; not yet require a wheelchair . he cross to the bed and sit down . the surface send wave , towards the pillow throw they off the bed , revealing it 's a waterbed - a loud ring from a phone on the bedside table which appear to be make out of lego . he answer it . large hello ?... hey. no ... yes . int . the garage - night large pull away a tarp to reveal a classic world War ii Army motorcycle with a sidecar . the corner of hie mouth raise and hold the idea of a smile . music cue : " remy zero " ext . street night large fly through the suburban sprawl without a helmet . the music blast . the wind throw he hair back as large whip through the back road . he 's go really fast . he close he eye , fly by a cop car do eighty before he open they again . light flash behind he as he pull over . large fuck . the cop car stop behind he and blare he with the search light . cop hand on you head , please ! large what ? 16 cop I say put you motrerfucking hand on you fucking head please ! 21 large do it . all we can see be a silhouette of a figure stand amidst the blaring light and swirl blue and red color . cop ( cont 'd ) eighty - two in a twenty - five . be you gonna tell I you late or just tired ? large I do not ... cop shut the fuck up . ( beat ) you could have kill some little kid or a baby deer . he saunter closer . cop ( cont 'd ) you do have a license do not you . large take it . out and pass it behind he , squinting . when the cop get it , he step finally into the 1 ght . he 's a skinny kid , maybe 23 , with a baby face ! cop ( cont 'd ) largeman ? large squint ? large Kenny ? kenny Holy shit : how you doin ' man ? large great ! kenny you mom just die . large I know . kfnw I mean that 's why you be home . large yeah ... yup . ( beat ) you be a cop , Kenny ?! 17 kenny I know , I know . large why , Kenny ? kenny I do not know ; I could not think of anything better to do . and it 's really cool though , man . people really listen to you . they have to . and check this shit out . he pull he gun out of he holster to show large . kenny ( cont 'd ) ( pointing ) that 's the safety . plus the benefit ; if I get shot I be rich . large yeah but , I mean ... Kenny , the last time I see you , you be blow coke line off the top of a urinal . kenny I have to grow up now , man , I be not makin ' shit at the fish market . no one know who I be . I could not get laid . this be a much better situation for I . speakin ' of which , how do I do ? large what do you mean ? kenny I mean you know ... how do I do ? large you mean like ... as a... cop ? kenny yeah . large I do not know . I mean I think , you be a dick ... so I guess that 's good . kenny ah fuck , man . I hear you be like some huge movie star ; you play some big football player or something . I do not nee it . large yeah . be kenny fuckin ' deniro and shit . large what ? kenny fie ' 's awe some . large yeah . kenny Deer Hunter . we should talk , man ; I have some good idea for movie , and you could like play I and shit . " story from the Force - " large yeah , definitely . they stand there ; nodd . kenny so what be you doin ' tonight ? large that depend , be you arrest I ? Kenny laugh . kenny shut the fuck upf course not . ( beat ) but you get to put you helmet on , man ; lead cause of death on the highway for male in we age bracket . large okay . kenny wanna see my kid . he show large a picture in he wallet . large you get a kid , too ? wow . kenny everybody 's get kid now , man ; they be great . it 's like you own " Mini - I " ; way better than my cat , large ( re2 picture ) cute . gold tooth ? 19 kenny wellthiswas Halloween . he be " ol ' dirtybastard . " yeah , already likesraplike he dad . so what d' yousayyou be doin ' tonight ? large I think I be gonna meet Mark and Dave over at some party . kenny the gleason ? large yeah , I think . kenny can you believe that kid havin ' a party at that house ? his brother hang himself like two week ago in he bedroom . large really ? kenny cut he down myself . Seth . do you know he ? large I do not think so . kenny he try like three time . finally get what he want . ( beat ) anyway ... so okay , you get go , I will see you over there in a bit . large oh , you get off soon ? kenny no . but we will be by to bust it up by two . if it 's crowded we might get to wear riot gear . large oh , that would be great ... to see that . so I guess I will see you then . kenny great see you , man . large yeah . you too . benny get in he car and pull up alongside large . he pick up the cb and the PA crackle on : 20 kenny ( over PA ) pull over , the vehicle ! Kenny nod he head up and down to large like " be not this cool ? " large wave goodbye . Kenny floor the cop car and blare the siren with light flashing as be screech away . CUT to : int . gleason house - night largeweaveshis way through a raging , crowded high - school styleparty : loud music , smoky , sweaty drunk people , kege - mostof thepeople be 18 to 21 . tnt . gleason kitchen --- night a bunch of people be gather around Mark as he tell a drunken story . the group laugh . MARK holy chit look at this guy ! everyone look to large at the end of the line . MARK ( cont 'd ) get the fuck up here , bitch ! this guy do not wait for a beer ! this be a movie star ! this be Jersey 's deniro and shit . Mark sloppily hug large . other slap he five as large awkwardly navigate between variation of hug and handshake . drunk what be you doin home ? a beat as large realize he have to answer that question . large I uh ... MARK Press junket . drunk that 's phat yo . fuck yeah , serpico and shit ... the crowd quickly move onto other thing . MARK ( in a whisper ) you like that ? that 's improvisation , bitch . you can use it . Â€¢ 21 int . gleason hallway - continuo they walk through the crowd as Mark recruit cute girl to join they upstairs . they walk up the stair past family picture and school photo make crooked by drunken back . Mark point to a photo of a awkward look young man . MARK you see this ? large in that he ? MARK that be he . dug the hole myself . large do you know he ? MARK Nah . Ugly motherfucker though , huh ? it pain large to even try to respond to that . MARK ( cont 'd ) you want to see the most fuck up thing ? they arrive at the landing outside a door with a " New Jersey devil " poster on it . MARK ( cont`d ) this be the tuck up thing . be swing the door to the bedroom open revealing the dark bedroom of you average teenage boy . a teenage couple drunkenly make out on the bed . the mattress have no sheet . MARK ( cont 'd ) check that out . Mark point to a hole in the ceiling where a ceiling fan have be rip out . wire dangle . the fan lie next to the bed . guy hooking up hey , get the fuck outta herei MARK shut the fuck up . who be that , o' malley ? I will beat you aael girl hooking up be that Andrew largeman ? large ( squinting to see ) yeah , who 's that ? E 22 girl hooking up hey , it 's Karen . Karen dullia ? large ( no idea ) oh , hey . girl hooking up you do not remember I ? you finger I at the dinner dance . large oh hey , what 's up . girl hooking up nothing . I see you on tv . guy hooking up okay , can you please get the fuck out now . girl hooking up shut UPI Mark pull the door close . MARK I can not tell what 's more disgusting ; that two hook up in that room , or that two hook up . int . golf room __ continuous everything in the room be golf . it be one man 's wood panele shrine to the sport of golf : golf carpet , poster , autograph , etc . a group of people sit around the couch drink beer , . pass joint . smoky , dark . large notice jesse , a wiry 25 year old in thick glass . large hey , what 's go on , man ? jesse bargeman . they hug and pat each other on the back . large I hear you be kick ass , man . jesse yeah . you gotta come by my new place . large yeah , definitely . 23 jesse sorry ... you know ... I hear . large oh , thanks ... yeah - thanks . jesse that 's fuck up . large yeah ... so I definitely wanna come by and check out you new pad . you gotta tell I what happen . jesse basically , " the man buy my silent velcro patent . large what ? jesse well you know I be a inventor right ? large no . but I have not see you since we be sixteen - jesse oh well yeah ... I be not really a inventor yet . anyway I develop this little item that 's just like velcro but do not make that annoying velcro noise . large now much do they buy it for ? jesse a lot . large wow . so what be you do now ? jesse nothing . they laugh . large seriously . jesse seriously . absolutely nothing . I have never be so bored in all my life . the first month I buy a whole bunch of shit , but then that get boring . but I ... nothing . 24 large that 's so crazy . but I mean like , be you gonna travel or like what be you gonna do ? should not you like help starve kid or something ? jesse I be not really motivate to do much at all . it 's kind of funny , I guess I have kind of plan on my whole life be about struggle to get money . but now that I have get more than I ever dream , I be really not sure what to do with myself . I stare at wall a lot . dave can you believe that shit , large ? this guy have one idea and he 's a trillionaire . I get a thousand idea , but I gotta sit around and wait for all my relative to die . they join the group . Mark blow coke off a large golf book . Dave have a young girl on he lap . large begin to notice that the girl in the room , although quite attractive , be pretty young ; 17-19 . as he pan the room , he lock eye with a beautiful young girl . they play chicken briefly to see who will break the stare first . large do and look to he right where someone have just pass he a joint - he hit it and pass it on . MARK here , bro . he pass large the golf book . large oh no thanks , man . MARK really ? but you be like a movie star and shit . large no , no thanks . jesse well then here . eat this . jesse open he palm to reveal a tiny hit of E with a smiley face on it . jesse ( cont 'd ) welcome home . Â€¢ 25 large take it in he hand and think about it . he look around at everyone else in the room eat they ; include the cute girl . large I guess I will see youguyslater . he eat the hit . they laugh . dana should we play a game ? dave other than golf ? they laugh . kelly no , let 's play spin the bottle . the idea be meet with mix reaction from the group . large ( to jesse ) I be not play spin the bottle ; how old be we ? or more importantly , how old be they ? jesse pass large the joint . jesse they be all legal . I think . he smile a toothy grin . kelly , a young hot girl with a raspy voice take control . kelly well we just eat all this fuckin' ex , what the hell else be we gonna do ? jesse the girl have a point . MARK okay , how ' bout this . he hold up a bottle of tequila with a ribbon around !.to neck . MARK ( cont 'd} first let 's finish daddy 's golf tequila . then we can use this bottle . the group love this idea - as they laugh and party the caia . era find its way to large 's face as he feel the weed and the beginning of he trip . his eye and face navigate the ha3 mnv start . 26 the rest of this scene will vacillate between regular , sped - up and slow motion . the party seem to fast forward around large ; the music fade to one low note until it break with people call he name . all large ! he snap he attention to the game . the bottle be point directly at he . jesse largeman , this be dana . large look over to the sexy young girl whom he lock eye with before . she smile at he . awkwardness fill the room . dana hi. large ( snap out of it ) oh , who 's up ? they all laugh . she get up and slowly walk over to the couch . she smile nervously . large stare at she . we see in he eye he 's feel more fuck up every instant . she stand above he at the couch , then straddle he with she knee on either side of he leg ; sit on he lap . the music plays . everyone be speechless . she slowly lean in . Eye contact . they kiss softly enjoy every second . its incredibly sexy . he finger clutch her thigh they stop and look at each other . she kiss he on the cheek and get up . everyone react and some clap . jesse this be gonna be a good night . everything speed - up and slow down . a barrage of image : people hook up , girl kissing girl , guy feel girl up , joint be pass , one girl cry , Mark show off he golf swing , large try to take deep breath , jesse and Dave hugging , two -figure move quickly under a blanket . Kenny in full riot gear let people take turn hit he in he helmet . faster : hand grip each other , a nose on a neck , hand grip a waist . ecu 's largo face as he eye swim in they eocketo 's end the corner of he mouth lift with the idea of a smile .. 27 the motion of the room be sped to a blur until finally : blackness . a blaring light come out of the darkness . Morning sun stream through a window revealing large 's face , full frame , eye still close . across he forehead in thick black marker the word " ball " be write . his eye open wide . he have no idea where he be . his eyeball swing leave , then right . as large site up the camera pull back to reveal we be int . mark live room -- morning large site on the sofa cover in a afghan . White morning sunlight pries past the beach towel cover the window to highlight the duet in the air . a noise in the kitchen pop large ' 's eye open . he have no idea where he be . large 's Pov into the kitchen reveal limited glimpsis of a person walk around ; like a hunter 's amateur video of he bigfoot sighting . he can only make out piece : a sword , boot , then a cereal box . then quickly the figure turn into perfect view : a medieval knight in full regalia . they make eye contact for a second and large slam he eye shut . when he open they again the knight be go . int . kitchen -- later large and Mark sit with carol , mark 's mother and tin payton , 25 . Carol be mid-forty and always look like she 's get a cold or have just be cry . Tim be dress as a medieval knight . large and mark stare at Tim as he slurp down he cereal . Carol smoke a thin cigarette . Mark be shirtless . no one address the fact that it say " ball " in black marker on large 's forehead . silence but for the clanking of silverware and tim be slurping . carol it 's good be not it . no one respond , so Tim nod to be nice . carol ( cont 'd ) i always try to save a couple of marshmallow for the very end , but I can never make it . ( more ) 2b my mind wander and I be leave with flake and pink milk . and yet each time I pour a bowl I tell myself that this time , this be gonna be the time I be gonna save at least one . large so , Tim , how long you be work at medieval Times ? tim Three year . but I have only be a knight for two . you have to pay you due . I work in the stable and help in the kitchen . carol when I start he be make the coleslaw . it have not be the same since you get knight . tim I really just stir it . carol do not be modest . Mr. modesty win the joust last night . large congratulation . tim it 's not that big a deal , it 's fix . large what be it that happen to you in high school ? you have a thing , but I forget what it be . MARK he get the shit kick out of he . carol no he do not . MARK how do you know ? he get the shit kick out of he by tyrell freedman . large I remember that . that be sofuck up . why do he do that ? tim I fuck he up too . 29 MARK he knock you tooth out . tim he say I bit off he ' cause I get the same jordan . carol what ? large that 's right . carol who ? tim tyrell say I bit off he ' cause I get the same jordan he do . but he be the red one and mine be all white . marx your be red too by the time he be do with you . everybody laugh but Tim . MARK ( cont 'd ) Air bloody tooth . ( beat ) so what be that , like fake tooth you get now ? tim he only chip one tooth . so what be you up to now , Mark , digging grave ? silence . a spoon clanks on a plate . carol Mark 's get into real estate . silence . Mark flick open he Zippo lighter and light a cigarette . carol ( cont 'd ) Tim can speak klingon . large what ? tim no , I can not . carol yes , you can . 30 MARK what the fuck be klingon ? large like the Star . Trek guy ? carol yup . he can talk in they language . tim she 's kid . carol no , I be not . he 's be shy . be you be shy ? MARK do not be shy , Tim . large yeah let 's hear it , man ? tim it 's just make up . the guy who play the wizard at work be a trekky . I do not really ... carol he 's be shy . say what you say to I last night . tim no . mar yeah , Tim . say what you say to she last night . silence . everyone stare at Tim . tim I gotta get go anyway . MARK ( sharp ) say what you say to she last night . tim kuntar peteeky maya . Al fook soo . they all stare at he . then burst out laugh . MARK you have get to be kid I . carol it mean , " I like to mate after battle . " 31 tim ( quickly ) that 's not what I say . carol yes . tim no , that be not the one I say . this one mean " kill kirk " and also ' hallelujah " depend on the context . MARK you must have get it confuse with " pleej artulyah . hagtooth pleep . " theylaugh . carol that be good , honey . MARK you know what that mean , Tim ? tim no I do not know the whole language , I just ... MARK well I do . it mean get the fuck out of my house before I chop you fuckin ' head off . silence . large stare at Mark in disbelief , then start to laugh . they all start to join he except Mark . they stop laugh . carol Mark , he 's a knight . MARK he 's just a fast - food knight . tim I should get go anyway . he get up to leave . but he sword get catch between he chair and the table . they all watch as he fumble to undo himself . he 's like John ritter at he finest . large and Mark just laugh . tim ( cont 'd ) thanks for the cereal . by the way , it say " ball " on you face . Carol follow Tim out . large slide to the microwave door 's reflection . 0 32 large you asshole : MARK my Mom do it . CUT to : it . mark live room -- later Mark and large sit captivate by alligator eating zebras on tv. large 's forehead be now merely smear with black ink . Mark lean forward to pull a bong hit from a blacken , color tube . he cough out he hit and recline he bare back against the tear pleather couch . Carol enter and stand next to they watch the tv . carol what 's this ? she find a long , thin cigarette with lipstick on it in the ashtray and light it . marx what the fuck be that shit , Mom ? carol where 's this ? gimme a hit of that . MARK do not bring that fuck people here anymore , Mom . or I be leave . I be serious . no medieval Times people in this house . he pass the bong to he Mom . she smoke it , then sit down , force they both to slide over . several cat surround her_ MARK ( cont`d ) I be declare it . now . it 's declare , now . thank you . no more . carol do you tell large about the tape ? MARK no , ma. I be not doin ' the stupid tape . large what be the tape ? carol Real estate tape . you can make up to a hundred thousand you first year . you should have see the boat this one Oriental have . ( more ) 33 be even have he own game show in China he make so much money . I think Mark would be perfect at it . MARK Mom , shut - up about that fuck tape . it 's a scam . carol it 's not a scam . they show you how to do it . it 's not hard , honey . then I could retire and we could have we own game show . Carol and large share a laugh . MARK in China . carol in China be right . large so ... what , you like sell property ? MARK it 's bullshit . you be just all baked , out and you think it would be a good idea . carol well I be doin ' it . I be savin ' up for that tape . ' Cause I know what you could be if you just apply yourself . MARK I do apply myself , Mom ; everyday , I work my ass off bury dead people , okay ? I be only twenty - six , I be not in any rush . what 's you rush for ? just let I be , all right ? I do not rush you . carol well then I be gonna do they then . MARK Fine . do them . carol I will and then I will not let you come on my yacht . large , you be welcome anytime , but leave you friend behind . large laugh . she check she watch . 34 carol ( cont 'd ) shit , I gotta go to my meeting . okay . she stand up and then lean over and kiss Mark on the top of he head . carol ( cont 'd ) okay . Love you . okay , bye large good to see you . large yeah . good to see you too . she get to the door , then cross back to Mark . carol do not sit in here all day you guy ; I take the battery outta that carbon monoxide detector ' cause it be beep all night . she slam the front door . MARK she drive I crazy . she 's get all fry out and make I feel like I gotta impress she all the fuck time . and you know what ? I be okay with be unimpressive ; I sleep better . large site forward abruptly . large oh not what time be it ? it . neurologist's waiting room - day large rush in to the counter . a female Hispanic receptionist look up . large hi , I be Andrew bargeman . I be sorry . i'mn a little late for my appointment . she look at she watch . receptionist ( slight accent ) okay , Andrew . I be go to need you to fill out this paperwork for I , and we will call you when we be ready for you . large okay , thanks . sorry . 35 he site back down and begin fill out the form - the door open and a blind woman with a see eye- dog enter . the receptionist see she and call out : receptionist hi Mrs. lubin . mrs . lubin oh , hello there . receptionist just have a seat and we will be with you soon . mrs . lubin thank you . she site . large turn back to he paperwork . he fill out a line before he notice the " see - eye - dog " have wander over to he . large look at he . large ( cold , disinterested ) hi , how be you ? the dog look both way before mount large 's leg and proceed to thrust he groin to and for . large try to shove he off . he look back at the blind woman who stare off in the other direction . large be about to say something to she but he stop himself . large ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) get off . off . the dog thrust away . large ( cont 'd ) ( tight whisper ) stop it . heel . no thrust . finally large give up and decide to just let it hump away - he try to return to he paperwork . someone burst out laughing . large turn to see a cute 20 year old girl he have not see sit in the corner . she wear really big headphone . large ( cont 'd ) get any suggestion ? girl kick he ball . mrs - lustn ready for I ? 36 the girl and large look to each other , the receptionist be go . girl ( impersonating receptionist ) not yet Mrs. lubin . the dog hump away . the girl come over and sit one seat away from large . girl ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) kick he ball . large I do not want to hurt he . girl it 's the only way to teach they . I have three doberman . if I do not kick they in the ball regularly I would never get anything do . large yeah , but I do not want to like destroy future generation of charitable dog . besides he 's get to be close to finish by now . girl not yet , here come the lipstick . they sit and watch he go . girl ( cont 'd ) oh , he 's gonna be sore tomorrow . wide side angle on : the whole wait room . everything still but the dog 's thrust pelvis . receptionist Mrs. lubin ? mrs . lubin yes . receptionist we be ready for you . mrs . lubin okay . c'mon Arthur . Arthur immediately respond to she voice and return to she side to lead she into the office . large I feel so use . 37 she laugh . large ( con2 ' 'd ) thanks for you help . or at least you good intention . SAM I recognize you . large oh , do you go to Columbia High ? SAM no , not from high school , from tv . do not you play the retarded quarterback . large ( wish she would go away ) yeah . SAM be you really retarded ? he stare at she . large no . SAM that 's cool . great job , man . you be - I mean I think you be really retarded . you be just as good as that corky kid and he 's really retarded . I mean if there 's some kind of like retarded Emmy you could win . you would kick corky 's ass . large I get to fill this thing out , but thank you for ... that . SAM oh , okay . right on . my cousin 's a actor . Jake Ryan winter . I doubt you would know he . he be on " sheena " once as some gnome or something . I think that 's great though . large thank you . SAM oh that last scene where you make that speech to the whole stadium and you dad give you the thumb up ; that be - it be emotional . I mean I do not cry , but I think my dad do . ( more ) 36 I could not totally see , but he get up to go to the bathroom and I think I hear he sniffle . could have be dander ... large well thanks . thank you . SAM so be you do anything else ? large no . not right now I be just ... SAM any other retarded role ? I be sure you could definitely get more of that . large no , I be just audition and . , . SAM I can not believe you be not really retarded . Jake 's not a very good actor . I mean on " sheen " you could not really tell ' cause he be in a hairy gnome suit , but he use to put on this really low - budge rendition of Andrew Lloyd Webber musical in we attic when we be kid and they be awful . it suck ' cause there be not a whole lotta work for little people , you know ? anyway sorry I talk too much , fill out you form . large just stare at she . she 's funny . large what be you listen to ? SAM " the shin . " you know they ? large no . SAM oh be you kid I ? you gotta here this one song , it will change you life I promise you . oh but you have to fill out you form . conundrum . ( beat ) well do it while you listen to this - she hand he she hug earphone . the shin ' " fly slang " be play . Â€¢ 39 he look at Sam and she just stare at he and nod smile . after a moment , he take the phone off and hand they back to she . the song continue softly from the headphone . large that 's cool . I like it . SAM so what be you do here ? large what be you do here ? SAM wait for a friend . you ? large I be uh ... there 's a_ .. SAM fuck , that be nosey , I be sorry . I do not mean to be nosey . that be so nosey . large its al=ight . I ... I uh get headache . so I just wanna have that check out . SAM cool . receptionist Andrew largeman ? large yes . receptionist we be ready for you . large okay . he stand . he turn to Sam . large ( con ' ' D ) it be nice meeting you . SAM you do not . I be Sam . large Andrew . SAM ( disappointed ) cool. well , bye . good luck with you head . 40 large thanks . receptionist do not worry Sam , we will get to you next . large turn to Sam . she look away . int . neurologist's office - day large site alone in a barren office . he pan around the room stare at all the diploma . his eye follow they up from the base - board all the way up to the ceiling to reveal : there 's actually one on the ceiling . the doctor enter . doctor Mr. Andrew largeman . large yes - hi. doctor there 's absolutely nothing wrong with you . large stare . large what ? doctor I be just kid , how would I know that ? large yeah . they shape hand . doctor I be Doctor Cohen . what can we do for you today , Andrew ? large I have be have this really intense headache . they only last for a split second and then they be go . it 's like a lightning flash ; almost like a surge of electricity and then it 's go . he look at the chart . doctor you be gideon 's kid . I do not even put the two together . 41 large yeah . doctor I be sorry about you be mother . large yeah . thank you . doctor I must have miss you at shiva last night . large yeah . doctor so how long have this headache be go on ? large well I think I have have they in some form since I be a little kid . but they have be get more and more frequent over the last year . doctor ( look at chart ) how long have you be on the lithium ? large oh uh , I have be on some form of it since I be ten or so . doctor and what about paxil , Zoloft , celexa , depakote ; do any of that ever help you ? large no . I mean I do not know . it 's recently occur to I that I might not even have a problem . only I would never know it , because as far back as I can remember I have be medicate . I grow up on it . I leave they in LA . this be the first time I have not have it in my body since I can remember . doctor well it will leave you body pretty fast . I will write you a prescription . large actually i. be think about take a little vacation . Â€¢ 42 doctor have you speak to you psychiatrist about that ? large E ) h well , my psychiatrist be my dad . so uh ... he ... I think he would prefer I to stay on it . he like to think it make I happy . and I let he think that because he 's sort of consume by the idea of make everyone happy . doctor well look , I will examine you and give you a catscan just so you will not worry that it 's anything serious . but to be honest , I think the headache be something else . we body do very funny thing when they be consume with stress and anxiety . thing you would never expect . I find my ex - best friend 's cuff link in my wife 's puree and I could not get a erection for a year and a half . ( beat ) for example . large but that do not really feel like it . I mean I do not feel stress or really anxious at all . doctor well with all the lithium he 's have you on it 's amazing you can even hear I right now_ large oh , right . doctor first of all , I do think you need to find a psychiatrist that be not you father . that just 's something that should have be remedy year ago . he know better . secondly , I be not in a position to comment on whether or not you should stay on the med or not ; I do not know you story . but my opinion , since you be pay for it , be that that drug may help as a mean to a end . but if you be not in any sort of therapy , sooner or later what 's ever go on in you mind will find a way to peek it 's little head out of the water . just something to think about . ( more ) 43 , beat ) but , for now , let 's have a look at you . CUT to : int . catscan room - later music plays a overhead shot of : large stare at the wall as he lie on a white slab cover from the waist down by a white towel . a old female nurse strap he to the slab ignore the obscene word and drawing in black marker that cover he chest . the camera crane down to reveal large and the slab be suck . into the catscan tunnel . ext . parking lot -- day large drive out of the parking lot . there , seat at the bus stop be Sam bob she head to music - she wear a backpack and hold a odd look helmet in she hand . he pull up alongside she . large why be you really there ? SAM charge . I be a robot . large do you lie a lot ? san what do you consider a lot ? large enough for people to call you a liar . SAM people call I lot of thing . large be one of they " liar " ? SAM I could say " no " , but how will you know I be not lie . large because I `ll choose to trust you . SAM you can do that ? 99 large I can try . SAM who 's bike be this ? large it be my grandfather 's . it be the only thing he leave to anyone in my family and he leave it to I . and I like it . SAM this be the point where you ask I if I would like a ride home ? large it be ? SAM yup . large would you like a ride home ? SAM Fine , but I ' m not get in that sidecar , large why not ? SAM sidecar be for bitch . anyone who get in that thing be automatically you bitch . thus , I will ride on the back . she climb on the back behind he . large ( be : the helmet ) what be you like ... a hanglider ? they drive off . ext NJ STREET / moving ---day SAM I think my boyfriend be gonna pick I up on he bike , so I bring it ... but then he could not so ... large so what , it 's like one of that tandem thing ? 45 SAM no , its a ninja . Way faster than this thing . large but what kind of helmet be that ? SAM you can use it on a motorcycle . anyway , how 's you head ? large I should live through the day . SAM cool . make a right here . they stop at a light . large be you do anything right now ? SAM can you elaborate on " do anything " ? large well , I just have this idea . I promise this guy I would stop by he house that 's right up here , but I do not really wanna stay very long . so I be just think if you come with I I could say I have to take you home when I be ready to go . SAM wow. well that 's pretty damn random of ya , Andrew . large I know . SAM ' Nice to meet you . May I use you ? ' that 's the Hollywood in ya I guess . large no , it 's not like that , c'mon . it will be fun . I promise . ( beat ) I will tell you what . we will have like a signal . when you pull on you ear that 's the code and then I will say , , " well I have get to get she home now . " and then we will go . she mull it over . 0 4Â‚¬ SAM can we have code name too ? large if you would like . SAM okay . but do not try and like kidnap I or anything , because my step -uncle 's a bounty hunter and I could have you track and kill . large liar . the light change and they drive off . ext . jesse's mansion be front yard - day the poorly maintain backyard of a mansion : pool , fountain . jesse stand shirtless and unshaven hold a enormous bow and arrow aim at the sky . the end of the arrow be on fire . a joint hang from he lip . Sam and large look terrify . jesse ' Kay ready ? he unleash the arrow into the air and the three of they scramble around in terror try to avoid wherever it will land . it plunge into the earth three foot from Sam 's foot . frozen , she yank on she ear ; hard . CUT to : ext . sam' house -- day Sam and large stand on the front porch of she work class house . large I will be fine . be I the first boy you have ever bring home ? SAM ( yes ) no . but I lie about my boyfriend drive a t.inja . large he do not drive a bike ? SAM no , I do not have a boyfriend . ( beat ) he might drive a bike ; wherever he be . 47 large well we be off to a great start . SAM okay so sometimes I lie . I be weird , man . about random stuff too ; and I do not even know why I do it . it 's like a tick . I swear , sometimes I hear myself say something and then I think : " wow , that 's not even remotely true . large so how be I suppose to know what 's real ? SAM well , I always feel bad and admit they when they be lie . ( beat ) can you trust that ? large open the door . tnt . sam' house : foyer -- continuous she push the front door open and immediately three enormous doberman pincher bark and climb all over large . SAM down , Kevin ! Mom ! kick they ball ! kick they ball ! Anthrax , heel ! Mom ! Sam try slapping they on they back . olivia , Sam 's mother , come rush in clutching a hamster with a bloody nose . olivia everybody downl who want to eat ? do you want to eat ? well then get the fuck off he ! Kevin ! Steven ! get off [ she smack they ass and they eventually retreat to the other room . olivia ( cont ' D ) I be so sorry , we just do not have the time to train ' they . who have time to train'em ? when they be puppy it be cute , but now it 's like have a herd of clydesdale . it 's just too much . ( more ) 48 Kevin 's the baby , he really just follow the other but last week Anthrax and Steven kill a dove and leave he on the front porch . or maybe it be a pigeon , he be grey . ' member that , samantha ? SAM Mom , this be . Andrew ... olivia welcome , welcome . the place be a wreck , I be so sorry . you look very familiar . SAM he 's the retarded quarterback . olivia shut up ! oh my God ! you be the retarded quarterback . you be so good on that show . now I be really ashamed . look at this place . and I be wear sweat pants . ( to Sam , through she tooth , while nodd at large ) be he really retarded ? large no . olivia oh , tell I , what 's that Alan thicke like ? I have hear he 's a cocky son of a bitch . large no , he 's a really nice guy . olivia oh. well , welcome , welcome . samantha I tell you to take the wheel out of the hamster cage . she hold up a dead hamster . saki I forget , Mom . olivia well you forget and now jelly 's dead . luckily I get peanut butter out in time . ( to large ) we have to get the only hamster on planet Earth that can not figure out a stupid hamster wheel . now the rest of 'am can not even get a good sweat go . ( more ) Â€¢ 49 there 's a shoe box on the kitchen counter . you can do the honors . I have to run to work . she sigh and absentmindedly pate she forehead with the hamster . olivia ( cont 'd ) it be so nice to meet you ... Andrew right ? large yes . olivia samantha put the clothes in the dryer and bury jelly . she kiss Sam on the cheek and then she 's go . they stand there a moment to catch they breath . then they both start laugh . SAM come on in . they walk into the live room . int . live room -- continuous Big couch with tatter afghan on they . a Christmas tree with the light on in the far corner ; a few unwrapped present underneath . a enormous hamster labyrinth , a fish tank , three cat , a bird cage . SAM so this be it . large it 's nice . SAM no it 's not . you do not have to say that just ' cause you can not think of anything else to say . large I be not . it 's really nice . it 's very cozy . you guy be a little early on the tree , huh ? SAM yeah , well we never get around to take it down , so when it get to be fall again we just figure we might as well leave it . be you freak out ? you be totally freak out be not you ? 50 large no , not at all . I like it . SAM wanna see my room ? large yeah , sure . they cross to the staircase and be meet by titembay ( ti-tem - bay ) a handsome , young Black man in a sweater carry book . SAM titembay , this be my friend , Andrew . Andrew this be my brother , titembay . large hi , nice to meet you . T I T embay ( slight accent ) Nice to meet you . I be sorry about jelly . SAM oh , its okay . titembay I save some mac and cheese for you . it 's in the for ridge . SAM thanks . titembay anyway , I be late for class , it be nice meeting you . large yeah , you too . they walk up the stair . int . sam' bedroom -- continuous we watch the lock turn as Sam use a key from the outside . Music poster everywhere . warm , cozy . SAM this be it . she put on a CD , ( the song : " I be do Fine " by Colin Hay ) . SAM ( cont 'd ) nothing fancy , but ... ( off large ) what ? 51 large uhh ... it 's titembay right ? SAM yeah , it 's weird , huh ? you be so freak out right now , you be like run for the door . you can go , do not feel bad . large stop do that . SAM what ? large that whole thing you just do . do not do that . I want to be here , and I would not be here if I do not want to be , okay ? trust I , my family 's way more fuck up then yours , okay ? ( beat ) okay ? SAM yeah . large so , titembay . SAM yeah , he 's my brother . large be he adopt ? SAM well kind of . my mom adopt he year ago from Sally strother . one of that : for the cost of a cup of coffee a day " kind of thing . where she 's like , " how can you sit there and not help the child ? " and we just could not . we could not sit there and not help that child . so we send he letter and picture for year and then I get really into ice skate and we kind of forget about them . then one day the phone ring and it be titembay and he be at the dry cleaner around the corner and he say that he be go to school at Rutgers and live in the dorm , but since he be use to live with he tribe he would much rather live with he family . 52 large wow . SAM yeah and he 's be here ever since . he 's a amazing guy , you gotta hear some of he storey . I mean this guy struggle through so much because he want to learn . I think of what he 's accomplish and I just feel so lazy . he 's study criminal justice at Rutgers right now and when he be a baby he be one of that kid with fly all over he face . large wow . I mean that 's great . it 's a crazy story . SAM that , my friend , be a true story . I be not that good - a pause . Sam sit on the bed . the awesoke music plays . she break the moment by pull a small tatter piece of satin fabric off the bed . SAM ( co13t 'd ) this be tickle . large sit down next to she . large what be tickle ? SAM tickle be my favorite thing in the whole world . it 's all that 's leave of nannie ... my blanket . large and tickle be all that remain ? SAM yeah . large be there a hurricane or something ? SAM ( laughing ) shut-up . no , I mean I have it since I be bear . it be the blanket they bring I home in from the hospital . large it 's like the wailing Wall . 53 SAM what ? large the wailing Wall . it 's like the most holy place for Jews to go and pray in Israel . it 's all that 's leave of this enormous temple that be destroy by the Roman . SAM wow , so you be like really jewish ? large laugh . SAM ( cont 'd ) yeah , you be be not you ? large no I be not . I mean I be jewish , but I be not really jewish . I do not do anything jewish . I do not go to temple or anything . but I do not know any Jews who go to temple . the Jews I know only go on yom kippur . one day ; the day of repentance . do you know that most temple be design with movable wall so that on the one day of the year when â€¢ everyone come to repent they can actually make the room big enough to hold everyone ? SAM I do not really believe in God . large just tickle . SAM oh , I believe in tickle_ they laugh . a nice moment . they hold eye contact . the awesome music plays . SAM ( cont 'd ) we be not gonna like make out or anything . large what ? SAM I be sorry , I just totally ruin the moment do not I ? large no , I be not ... Â€¢ 54 SAM I just mean we be not gonna like make out . large okay . I have not plan on ... SAM I do not mean to put that out there , that be lame . blaaaahrh . that be so dumb . you know what I do when I be feel completely unoriginal ? she stand up and do really weird gesture with she hand . SAM ( cont 'd ) laba -laba-laba-labal large state . SAM ( cont ' D ) I make a noise or I do something that no one have ever do . and then I feel like ... unique again ; even if only for a second . large so no one have ever do that ? SAM not in this spot , no . you just witness a completely original moment in history . it 's refresh . you try one . large no . SAM come on . large no . trust I yours be good enough for both of we . SAM come on . what be you shy ? this be you chance to do something that have never , ever be do before and will never be copy throughout human existence . if nothing else , you will be remember as the only person who ever do this . he stare at she . she 's not gonna let up . large lift he index finger in the air and twirlsa it . 55 large ZzzZzz . be stare at she . large ( cont 'd ) how be that ? SAM oh , I have do that one before . she burst out laugh . he smile . SAM ( cont ' t3 ) so I get to bury this hamster before the dog eat he . you warm help ? C 'am ' to : ext . saws backyard -- day rusty leave fall on a backyard swallow mostly by a empty above - ground swim pool . Sam carry the shoe box as they walk around behind the pool to reveal a SMALL gate pet cemetery about a dozen large rock serve as tombstone for different pet . large wow . SAM yeah . large I mean this be ... SAM I know . they stand in silence . SAM ( cont 'd ) it 's not that we be bad pet owner or anything , it 's just that we have have so many of they over the year . ( beat ) besides some of this be fish . ( beat ) not to say fish deserve less than other animal , but moat people just flush they , and we just do not believe in that . I mean the idea of flush something that have life in it ... it just make I sad , you know ? ( more ) 56 you gotta honor something a little more than that , like " congratulation , man , you have life . here 's you trophy ; a little spot in the ground to hang out in . " ( beat ) anyway , I be gonna put jelly right here next to " goliath " , the rotweiler titembay back over during he drive exam . she kneel down and begin to dig with a small shovel leave nearby . large sit down next to she and watch she dig . a brisk wind make he hug he knee in for warmth . SAM ( cont 'd ) what be you think about ? large now ? SAM yes . large right now ? SAM no . a second ago before I ask . large uh ... right now I be think ... I be think that I have be go to a lot of this thing lately . SAM what , date ? large no , not date . this be not a date . be this a date ? funeral . SAM oh . who else die ? large ( embarrassed ) uh ... that 's why I be home actually . ( beat ) yeah , I uh ... I have not even really tell you that yet , but uh ... yeah my Mom just die . Sam stop digging and stare at he . large ( cont 'd ) God , it 's weird to say that out loud : ' my Mom die " . and uh ... eo that 's why I be home ... now . 57 SAM ( shocked ) I be so sorry . oh , God I be so sorry . ( beat ) and here I be put you through another one . I mean not that jelly 's even come close to you Mom 's . .. although we love , jelly -- but still ... I be so sorry . I do not know . large no , it 's okay . it 's okay actually . I be all right with it . anyway I think it 's what she want so .. , SAM how do she die ? large think about that . SAM ( cont ' D ) I be sorry , I be so nosey . forget I ask , I be sorry . I just need to shut -- up sometimes . large no , its okay . she uh ... she drown actually . Sam 's jaw drop . large ( cont 'd ) my Mom be a paraplegic ; she have uh ... she be in a wheelchair . she be uh ... take a bath and then I guess she slip or something . that 's what they say . I do not know . but needless to say , she drown . and so ... that 's how she die . Sam be speechless . tear well in she eye . SAM when ? large this be uh ... hmm ... Sunday . SAM oh my God . tear roll down she face . large ( with a laugh ) why be you cry ? 58 SAM I do not know , I be sorry , I be not usually like this . it 's just so sad . it 's so tragic . be not it ? it be . it 's like real life tragedy or something . large look , let 's change the subject , okay ? let 's really bring the focus back to jelly . I mean what could be ruder than talk about someone else who die while you be in the act of bury a close friend . Sam place the box in the hole she 's dig . SAM what should we do ? large well iive only be to one of this thing , ( be : the other grave ) you appear to be the expert . SAM we usually say something . large okay , well I will go first . I do not really know you , jelly . but from what I hear , you be a good pet . have a little trouble with the wheel ... SAM its not funny . jelly you be a great pet . tear roll down she face . SAM ( cont 'o ) I be so , so sorry I forget to take the wheel out of the cage . I be so sorry about that . ( beat ) Goodbye . I hope that you like I . tear stream down she face as she shovel dirt onto the tiny shoe box . the patter of the soil hitting the BOX be the only sound we hear as : the camera crane up above they to a bird 's - eye perspective settling on a final frame that look down on the whole backyard : the above ground pool , the pet cemetery and in the bottom right corner , Sam bury as large watch . 59 int . largeman mansion : live room - day once again shiva be in full swing . large pass through a doorway and begin to hear a computerize seeping to the tune of the " shmaâ° . ( a jewish prayer . ) he look to he leave to see a electronic mazooza on the door frame . it say the sharper image " on the bottom . he move he head back and forth past it 's censor and each time it begin the beeping of the shma anew . the live room a tired look man in he 50' eat a cookie . tire man avi want he bar mitzvah theme to be musical . as in Broadway musical . can you believe that ? Paul 's kid 's theme be the meta ; I get to do the elora with mookie Wilson . Miriam and I be at one last weekend at the Pierre ; whole thing be like a winter wonderland ... live penguin wear yalmulka . now I , I get to lay out ten grand alone for some asshole to build a barricade of french garbage across the boccie lane at my tennis club . the camera pick up large hold a plate of food : as he approach Cynthia . she sit alone with a big photo album on she lap . large I be just think - ( beat ) I be just think you spend you be whole life lust for anything you do not have . you stress over money and you career , you set you clock back , you exercise , you wait in line , you paint you house , get depressed , feel better , buy thing , take you clothes to the dry cleaner , set you clock forward and spend you whole life wait for happiness to arrive in the mail . then you die and people be really sad , they cry really hard ... ( beat ) and then they go eat lunch . hetakes a bite of he bagel . cynthia oh please be a little more interesting than that . ( more ) 60 please do not be the brood guy . that 's so unoriginal . I would rather hold onto who I imagine you would become . large miss I ? cynthia no. I ? large no . ( beat ) she do not like be alive . she get what she want . this should be a party . instead we be suppose to mope . about what ? she never do anything . cynthia she make you . large some trophy . I do have to say I be impressed with the turnout . cynthia what , you do not think people would come ? large seem to I the only thing more depress than a funeral be a funeral where no one show up . do not you ever think about who ' will show up to yours ? cynthia no . right now I be alive , so I think about live . large it 's one way to determine who you friend be . the people who would show up at my funeral if it be hold in they state , that 's one level of friend . but my real friend , the people who really love I , they would come if it be on the other side of the country . cynthia so where do I fall into that ? large you would be there . cynthia oh you think so ? 61 large I do . I think you would show up because the truth be , that you really do miss meet you always think of I as the brother you never have . but you have get too much pride to let I know that . you want to pout ' cause I do not return you call . cynthia you be way more talkative than I remember . large today I have be more talkative than I remember . cynthia what about mine ? large funeral ? honestly ? I probably would not travel for it - no . but do not worry , I be sure you will have a great turnout . cynthia why do you say that ? large ' Cause there 's also the guy who life he life to insure a good turnout . I think that 's how my dad life he - , like he 's sort of write he own eulogy as he go and make life choice dependent on how it will sound in a speech . cynthia be you imply that that 's why I be go to mo school or something ? large I be just say a lot of people - not necessarily you - a lot of people try and accumulate accolade that will somehow justify they life . cynthia it 's say we spend ninety - five percent of we life try to look good . large where do I sign up for not caring ? 62 cynthia how about suck it up and really have it out with you dad ? that would be a tremendous step towards not need to look good . large wow , that be so clever how you do that . be he groom you to be a psychiatrist too ? Med school 's one thing , but please do not become he . cynthia he 's one of the most caring people I have ever meet . large well you would say that ; you be the son and daughter he never have . Hell , you be the family he never have . have he get you on lithium yet ? wait till he do , you will love he even more . he stand . cynthia I bet my Mom a dollar you be come home with a message . I say after nine year , he 's definitely come home with a message . large i look for a message ; I get bored and become a actor . he leave . int . kitchen -- continuous large enter the kitchen where janice , 50' , Cynthia 's Mom , be do the dish . he walk over to the counter near the sink and just stare off across the room . she dry she hand and move to large . she open she arm . after a beat he step into she embrace . he rest he head on she shoulder and close he eye . neither say a word . fade to black : large' bedroom -- morning Morning sun blast the entire room . large site on the edge of he bed squinting at picture : int . master bedroom -- continuous large peek he head around the doorway . 63 large hello ? ( beat ) dad ? after shutting the door behind himself he ' cross to the dresser and lift one perfume bottle out from a dozen . he smell the nozzle then bring the bottle with he as he edge towards ... int . master bathroom --- continuous the bathroom be stark white . a large jacuzzi tub sit at the far end of the room . the faucet drip . the mouth of the faucet as it well with water and overflow to drip onto the drain . large cross to the tub and try to tighten the faucet to stop it from drip . it continue to drip . he stare at the empty tub . gideon ( o.s. ) hi. large jump around and put he hand to he chest . large Holy shit , you scared the shit out of I . he covertly slip the perfume bottle into he pocket . gideon just wake up ? large yeah . gideon sleep all right ? large yeah ... fine . gideon mmmm . ( beat ) I have not even really be in here for a while . I have be use the one in the hall . shower pressure awful in there though . it 's by no mean as good a bathroom as this one be . this one be - well we redid all this . its uh ... ( beat , catch himself ) this be hard . 64 large yeah . silence . the faucet drip . they avoid eye contact . gideon Janice will make you some lunch . large yeah ... good . gideon well I guess it 's breakfast for you . what time be it ? large yeah . silence . drip . drip large ( cont 'd ) look , I want to ask you ... I mean if you do not want to talk about this its perfectly fine , but I be just ... gideon no I can . I know . I figure you would want to ... large but we do not have to do it now . I mean you do not have to do that now . it 's just at some point I would ... I have some question . gideon I know that you would . silence . gideon ( cont 'd ) occasionally she would hum .. , you mother . always the same tune and I never know what the song be . I do not even know if it be a song or if she just make it up - it 's funny because it always strike I as so out of character for she and every time she do it ... I just always like it . but I never tell she I could hear she because I know if I ever do she would stop . ( beat ) she take a bath every night . and she be always very quiet . ( more ) 65 the only thing I would ever hear when I be in the bedroom be a little splash of water when she be move around . and every now and then , she hum . ( beat ) so anyway , then usually she would call I when she be do , so I could come and help she out . but this time , that night ... she never call . and I just figure she be take a longer bath or something , but when I call out to she , she do not answer . so then I uh ... when I come in , she be there . large so she do not yell or ... gideon no . I do not hear anything . the tv be on pretty loud . I always watch the weather report before I go to sleep . large it 's just weird . gideon what ? large I do not know , it 's just that you would think if someone be really drown to death they would scream . I mean really scream from the terror of it all , you know ? they would splash and scream I would think ; I would have think . gideon I would have too , but no . nothing . ( off large 's look ) what ? large do not take this the wrong way . gideon what ? large I be not read into this , I be just think out loud so do not get upset - gideon what ? no . large what ? 66 gideon its not that . large I be just say do they check ? I mean have someone rule that out ? gideon no . because they know she drown , Andrew . large I be just say the fact . gideon no . large and I suppose it do not even really matter . but I would be curious to know . I would like to know if that 's what happen ; just for I . I mean would that surprise you ? gideon no. yee ! large she make it very clear to everyone she know that nothing be ever go to make she happy - gideon I know ! do you think I do not know ?! large and c'mon let 's be honest ; she try it before . gideon shut-up ! . lust shut you fuck mouth . large be take aback . gideon ( cont 'd ) ( fighting tear ) if nothing else will you please just leave , she alone . she 's go . that 's it . that 's all you get . she die . we will never see she again . she try very hard , but she just could not find it . she could never find it . and I think - I know that she 's find it now . I know that . and I know there 's a certain amount of guilt that you must feel for the way thing unfold , but it 's too late now . ( more ) 67 so I be ask you , for I , not to do that . do not ... come here and do that . large I think I deserve to know the truth . gideon you want to make she crazy . why ? do that make it easier for you ? tear stream down gideon 's face , he sit down on the toilet and cry . gideon ( cont 'd ) it 's like you want to torture yourself or something ! why would you want to think that ? that that happen . why would you ever want to think that ? large move closer to he father who sob with he head in he lap and he arm over he head . it take everything large have to reach out he hand and almost touch he father 's shoulder , but he do not make it and he hand land on the sink next to he . gideon ( cont 'd ) I just want everyone to be happy again . ( beat ) I dreamt last night that I have special power . if I squeeze my eye shut and clinch my fiat close tight enough , we would all wake up in paradise . ( with a laugh through tear ) I be like a superhero ... and that be my power . fade to black : ext . cemetery - day a giant rusted yellow tractor sit park by a open grave - large and jesse lean against opposite tombstone face each other . Mark stand in the open grave steal valuable from a OPEN coffin . a small pile of jewelry sit beside the grave . MARK how could you leave all that lithium ? I be totally gonna hit you up for some . fb jesse this fuckin ' guy . I be glad you be back , man , because this town be so mess up . everyone 's get there drug of choice like in " brave New World " . do you ever read that book ? who write that ? aldous something . aldous - large I do not know . jesse continue talk , but he voice distort into warbled nonsense as slow motion : large stare in shock as Mark drop a wedding ring into the pile of jewelry he 's steal off the corpse . MARK look up at large staring at he and he loot . they hold eye contact for a uncomfortable moment . large break it and look away . regular motion : jesse ( o.s. ) .and people be just like that here , man . huxtable3 aldous huxtable . that 's it . int . sam' live room -- night Sam and large be look through a photo album . olivia enter with a enormous parrot on she shoulder . olivia Andrew would you like to see Sam 's ice skate tape ? SAM Mom , no . large absolutely . olivia she be so ahead of she time . she could have go to the Olympic . SAM no , I could not have . olivia yes , you could have . do not blame it on the epilepsy , you have a gift . large look to Sam , but she avoid eye contact with he - large c'mon let I see it . 69 olivia let 's just show he the " Florida star of the Ice " open ; the gator costume . SAM Mom . I be ask you seriously . large do not be shy . just let I see it . olivia oh , she want you to see it . how could you not want he to see how talented you be ? SAM be . they cross to the tv room where they find titembay wear rubber glove , seat next to a open tool box , dusting the coffee table for fingerprint and refer to a open text book . White powder reveal fingerprint ( and pawprint ) everywhere , include the tv screen . olivia honey what be you do ? titembay I be dusting for print . olivia well do you think we could move the crime scene to the kitchen ? I want to show Andrew Sam skate . titemhay but someone 's be pissing on my gamecube and I be about to close the case . olivia it be not I you honor . titembay the pawprint point to a canine . olivia Andrew come sit down here next to I . large sit next to olivia on the couch between snore doberman . he place he glass of water on the table . Sam stand in the doorway . SAM I can not believe you be show he this . 0 70 the shaky , amateur video come up on the screen : a person in a full alligator costume wear white glove skate onto the ice . the light come down except for a spotlight on the alligator . olivia there she be . large you be the alligator ? olivia you can tell by the hand . the alligator skate in and out of the white fingerprint on the tv screen to classical music . we begin to see that Sam be a talented skater . in a very odd way , it 's beautiful . titembay here come the double axle ... olivia and ... land ! I mean come on . be not she good ? large , titembay and olivia applaud . as they do , the light in the room switch on and off . titembay clap twice to turn they back on . olivia ( cont 'd large SAM large that be so good . you be Mom 's right you be amazing . titembay have begin brush white powder on large 's water glass revealing he fingerprint . SAM okay this be great , but we have to go now . olivia all right , well I just want to show you how talented she be . my baby . SAM Mom . Â€¢ Â€¢ 1 olivia okay get out of here . wait , give I a hug . Sam cross to she mom . they hug . olivia ( cont 'd ) I love you so much . I be so proud of you . SAM I love you too . olivia kiss Sam on she forehead . olivia okay , have a good night . she pat Sam 's butt as she walk toward the door . large bye . thank you so much for dinner . olivia c'mon , you be give I a hug too . SAM Mom . large I will take a hug . they embrace . SAM okay , good-night . ( call to titembay ) night , Tim . large good-night . titembay ( 0.5 . ) rolla ! int . bar -- night Sam and large sit in a booth of a local irish pub drinki no pint . they be buzze . large it be the only thing I ever really like do ; pretend to be someone else . ( beat ) but I have be so out of it the only part I ever get offer be to play handicapped people . 72 she try to hold it together , but she burst out laugh . large ( cont 'd ) it 's not funny . SAM oh c'mon . do not ya see that it 's a joke . if you can not laugh at yourself life 's gonna seem a lot longer than you would like . large so what should we laugh at you about ? SAM I lie again . I have epilepsy . large which part be we laugh about ? SAM I have a seizure in the law office where I work and they say they insurance would only cover I if I wear " preventative cover " . large preventative cover ? SAM the helmet I be carry . large be silent . SAM ( cont ' D ) oh come on , that 's funny . I be the only person in the world wear a helmet to work who be not put out fire or racing for nascar . but what do you do ? I can not quit ; they insurance be amazing . what can you do ? you laugh . I be not say I do not cry a lot , but in between I laugh and realize how silly take anything very seriously be . and plus , I look forward to a good cry . I just love the way it feel . large I have not cry since I be a little kid . I do not cry at my mother 's funeral . I want to - ( a smile ) I ... try . I think of all the saddest thing I could think of ; thing in movie , this image from life magazine that haunt I ... nothing come . ( more ) 73 that actually make I sadder than anything ; the fact that I feel no numb . SAM what do you mean ? MARK ( o. S. ) vagina ! large oh , no . Mark , Dave and jesse appear with some other . large " ( cont 'd ) hey , guy , this be Sam . this be Mark , Dave and you meet jesse . MARK hey . Nice to meet you . jesse hey . dave t'sup . MARK I be sorry I yell - ' vagina ' just now , I do not see you . SAM it 's okay . MARK Nice . let 's get fuck up . off large 's smile we : dissolve to : ext . jesse's pool -- night a palatial swim pool in the backyard of jesse 's man ion . the Manhattan skyline twinkle far in the distance . large , Sam , Mark , Dave , jesse and a couple of high school girl from the bar stand in they underwear on the edge of the pool . MARK one , two , three ! everyone jump into the pool scream except for large . he stand there stare at the water . SAM hey ! what be you do ? 74 dave largeman , get the fuck in the pool . girl oh , it 's so warm ! SAM can you swim ? large ' course I can swim . jump CUT to . large in the shallow - end do the most pathetic doggy paddle you have ever see . everyone stare in disbelief . jesse dude maybe you should stay on the step ; I do not know cpr . MARK you look like a drunken beaver . they all laugh - Sam swim over to he sit on the step . she smile at he . large ( in a whisper ) I never learn how to swim . SAM fool I . I think you just have a cramp . ( beat ) or two . he smile . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( in a whisper ) I can not whistle if it make you feel any better . large there 's a handful of normal kid thing I kinda miss . SAM there 's a handful of normal kid thing I kinda wish I would miss . she float on she back beside he . SAM ( cont 'd ) so how long be you gonna stay here ? large probably till my finger get wrinkly . 75 SAM ( with a laugh ) no , I mean in Jersey . large oh . I think I will probably head home the day after tomorrow . well , LA . that 's not my home . rer smile fade . large ( cont 'd ) you know that point in you life when you realize that the home you grow up in be not really you home anymore ? and all of a sudden , even though you have a place where you put you shit , the idea of " home ' , be go . SAM I still feel at home in my house . large you will gee when you move out . it just kind of happen one day and it 's go . and you feel like you can never get it back . it 's like you feel homesick for a place that do not even exist . but maybe it 's like this rite of passage , you know ? and you will not ever have that feel again until you create a a new idea of " home " for yourself , for the family you start , for you kid . it 's like this cycle . ( beat ) maybe that 's all a family really be ; a group of people who miss the same imaginary place . they hold eye contact . the splash of a cannonball swing they gaze to the other horsing around in the deep end . Sam lean she head over and rest it on he shoulder . SAM maybe . int . jesse's mansion : live room -- later a enormous and desolate live room devoid of any furniture or decoration . Mark , jesse , Sam and large sit huddle under towel at the foot of a colossal fire place that house a small blaze . they eat potato chip and drink can beer . they be all pretty tipsy . Mark play with a " Silent velcro " sample . MARK how ' bout some fuck furniture dude . 76 jesse I buy a chair but I do not like it . SAM where be it ? jesse its keep we warm . MARK Silent velcro . lucky motherfucker . I get a idea : loud tape , we will make million . large I feel like if I have show up at school and present the idea of silent velcro they would have send I away a whole lot sooner . they all laugh . SAM so why do they send you away ? she take a sip of she beer . jesse whoa , listen to this girl . large they do not send I away . MARK you be the one who say they send you away . large I mean they do , but ... they send I to board school . " send I away " imply I go to some asylum or something . there be no strap involved . SAM why do they send you to board school ? large look to jesse and Mark . large they send I to board school because uh ... they think I might be dangerous . ( impersonating SAM ) oh be you freak out ? you be so freak out right now . 0 77 SAM ( sarcastic ) that 's funny . ( normal ) why do they think you might be dangerous ? MARK I be dangerous and I do not get to go to board school . large I be a kid and I be - they just ... I be a teenager and they be depressed and it just be not a good combo . SAM but obviously something happen . I mean there must have be a event . jesse you be like a little detective . large I know . you and titembay should go into business together ; solve mystery out of a van . SAM be I be too nosey ? large no. no. I just ... it 's fine .. I just have not ever really talk about it . jesse to be honest , I never really know either . I mean I hear storey . large you wanna know ? SAM yeah . large really , really ? MARK you be gay . large no. drumroll ... I be the reason she be in a wheelchair . ( beat ) I push she . ( more ) 78 ( beat ) so there that be . SAM shut up . marx fuck you . large no , it 's the truth . SAM why ? large it be a complete freak accident . I mean its one of that thing that you replay a million time in you head and you see so clearly what a freak thing it be . I ... say whole life she be depressed for no reason . look at this picture . he pull the picture of he and Cynthia as child wear chicken slipper out of he wallet . large ( cont 'd ) look at she face .. that 's how , she . be every single day of she life . and one day ... I be nine year old and I just really hate , she for that , and I push she . ( beat ) I mean it be innocent . I be just frustrated ' cause ... SAM you could not make she happy . large yeah . fuck yeah . and any other time , she would have just yell at I and send I to my room , but this time , in that moment , the door of the dishwasher be open . the latch on it be break and it would just randomly fall open . that fuck latch ; it 's funny how so much of my life hasbeendetermined by a quarterinchpiece of plastic . so she fellbackover the door and she neck hitthekitchen counter ; paralyze she from the waist down . Sam 's eye be wide in shock . SAM oh my God . E 79 large still want to compare fuck up family ? jesse but you Mom be in the wheelchair long before you leave . large well I be nine . they send I to therapy and my Father put I on this drug that be suppose to " curb my anger " . and I have be on some form of they ever since . my mother who be clinically depressed before the accident , sink even lower to the point where she just ignore everyone but we housekeeper , Janice and she daughter , Cynthia . and when I be sixteen my psychiatrist dad come around to the conclusion that it might not be the healthiest environment for I to be grow up in . so he send I to board school . and I have not be home since . SAM until now . MARK for she funeral . large until now for she funeral . I be off to a rip start in this life , huh ? next time through I think I will lay low out of the gate . he take a sip of he beer . large ( cont ' D ) the thing be though , when I think about it , I be not really abnormally angry at all . I mean it all happen so quickly ; I get prescribe all this drug for anxiety and depression and anger so I just kind of become what they be . SAM it sound like a punishment . large I think it be . so I leave they in LA . I be take myself off punishment . 80 MARK please do not remind I . jesse all he hear of that whole story be " leave drug in LA " . MARK fuck you . jesse crackhead . a 19 year old girl from the pool come around the corner dripping wet_ girl Mark ? where 's the sauna ? Mark and jesse look at each other . they race towards she trip drunkenly on towel and push each other out of the way . Sam smile at large . her face glowswarm from the fire . large what ? SAM you be " in it " right now be not you ? large what do you mean ? SAM my Mom always say that when she can see I be like work something big out she will say , " be you in it right now ? " and I look at you , and you tell I this story and ... you be ... you be definitely " in it " right now . large I think you be right . I be " in it " . but I be so glad I be " in it " ' cause I be work it all out , you know ? I have not swallow a pill in four day now and I can already feel this eerie clarity . it 's probably the reason I just can not stop fuck talk ; this . rusty cog in my brain have start spin ... fast . SAM maybe that 's why you have be get that headache . N 81 large alright can we just forget about all that stuff please and talk about good etuff . SAM good stuff ? large yeah , glass half - full shit . what do you get ? SAM I get a little buzz . that 's what I have get . what do you get ? large I get a little buzz go . ( beat ) and I like you . Sam smile and look away . a beat of silence . she try to stifle she smile by pursing she lip as she turn back and look he in the eye . she 's so cute . large ( cont 'd ) so ... there 's that . I get that . int . largeman souse - kitceen -- morning large with bedhead in he boxer hunch over into the refrigerator . he pull out orange juice and close the door to reveal gideon stand there . large ah ! Jesus , you scared the shit out of I . you be always do that . why be you always do that ? gideon I have not see you in awhile . large yeah I have be kind of catch up with people around here . gideon Dr. Cohen call . there 's nothing wrong with you . large yeah I think I be start to figure that out myself . gideon when be you think of leave ? 82 large I think probably tomorrow . I gotta lot of stuff I get to do back in LA . I be gonna have to find a new job . so ... gideon we need to talk . large yeah . how ? I mean when ? gideon what be you do ... now ? large well actually I be suppose to meet my friend Mark . but how about later tonight ? gideon okay . and well talk . we owe that to each other . large yeah . gideon we owe it to she . large yeah . gideon good . ( beat ) I be sorry I scared you . CUT to int . mark bedroom -- morning Mark sit on he sheetlese mattress on the floor , play classical guitar ; impressively . his music score the scene . marx do not mesa with all my shit ; what be you . do ? large pick up a small brown egg wear tiny clothes . large you still have you egg baby ? mine break the first day . MARK do not you fail if it break ? 83 large yeah , well she give we a C cause my partner fall on some ice . my-wife tell on some ice and kill we egg baby . MARK jesse cook he . they both laugh . large why 's it brown ? MARK ' Cause my wife be tanisha lubin . large oh. large laugh at Mark 's earnestness . large ( cont 'd ) you keep she little blue skirt on . MARK he 's a boy . his name 's shantel . Â€¢ large it 's a girl , she 's wearin ' a skirt . MARK they be short . large short ? MARK yeah , he 's a boy , shantel . they be short . large oh. they laugh . large flip through a album . large ( cont 'd ) you collect " Desert Storm Trading card " ? MARK fuck yeah , dude . that be collector item . do you have any idea how much that thing will be worth some day . 84 large really ? MARK Hell yeah . that shit 's like a investment . I have lot of little investment - all over the place . I be gonna sel3 . them all one day and just live off them . large so like how much be this one worth ? MARK which ? large " night vision goggle . " MARK I do not know . mint ; maybe two , three . large dollar ? MARK yeah . but it 's too early . you do not sell them yet . do not you know anything about invest . I be gonna live off that shit . that " schwarzkopf " card be worth at least five something . and if you have the complete set it 's worth like thousand . large so do you have the complete set ? MARK almost . the corner be bent on my " friendly Fire " and someone steal my " Wolf blitzer " . large someone steal it ? MARK one of my Mom 's medieval Times friend , man . drug addict . large for drug they sell it ? MARK yeah . large Wolf blitzer . 85 MARK it do not matter if you be a rich house wife look for you muscle relaxer or some crack head drying car : people will do anything in this town to get they drug money . now look , what do you gotta do today ? I gotta little go away present for you . but I kind gotta track it down . so , can you give I a ride ? large yeah , sure I just ... MARK what ? large nothing I just ... MARK say it ... speak . large nothing I just , I tell Sam I be gonna hang out with she today ... MARK she can come , I do not care . ext . suburban street - day great music plays . they drive the motorcycle through the Jersey suburb ; sate on the back and Mark in the sidecar wear a lacrosse helmet and ski goggle . large' Pov : a mother and she stroller . a huge group of Black teenager come home from school . a old crossing guard . a ambulance . two powerwalkere . omit int . handi - world - later they walk down a aisle . large what be we do in the mall . I do not wanna be in the fuck mall . 86 MARK we be make some money for you present . just do not look so guilty . large what do you mean , how do I look guilty ? voice ( 0.s. ) Andrew largeman ? they turn . karl benson , greasy hair wear a wrinkle , red " nandi-- World " vest and dirty pants stand hold a small box . MARK oh , no . benson . large oh , no . SAM who 's that ? MARK do not give he you number . Karl approach . karl hey , what 's up , man . large hey . karl Holy shit , I have not see you since like junior year . large I know . karl I think you kill yourself . large what ? karl I think you kill yourself , that be not you ? large ( beat ) no . that be not I ? karl who kill themselves ? 87 MARK just that gleason kid . oh , and Tina . large Tina who ? MARK you remember Tina . she be like anorexic . she do gymnastics ... Sam be horrify by this conversation . large oh yeah , gymnastics Tina . how would she do it ? MARK I do not know . she be not jewish , I do not bury she . karl I think sleep pill . or that car in the garage thing . I forget . Sam be yanking on she ear for large to see , but he do not notice . large this be Sam . Sam this be Karl . SAM hey . MARK listen I be gonna go grab that thing . so just hang here and I will be back . large oh. he walk off . karl he 's such a dick . ' large why would you say that ? karl he steal my little brother 's last dose of ritalin and the little fucker glue he lip close . be not you on tv or something ? large yeah . yeah I be . just this thing . so you be like what , work here ? 88 karl ( dismissive ) only for awhile I be open my own business . actually , I should tell you about it . I be look for smart people like you , large . I should get you number . large yeah , definitely . ( beat ) so what 'a in the box . karl oh , washer . I be s'pose to count them . large washer ? karl ( pick one out ) you know this little round metal thing you put between a bolt and a nut . large oh , washer . I never use that . I never know what they be for , so . I just always throw they away . I never use washer . silence . karl oh , well listen , I want to talk to you both about a good opportunity . ( like he 's memorize it last night ) for you and you love one . we all have dream . I know I do . I know of a exciting opportunity that people be talk about . Mark return hold a box with a picture of steak knife on the side . MARK hey . we gotta get go . large yeah , well it be great to see you , man . I be sure I will see you around . karl yeah , well let I get you number . 89 large oh , well we gotta run . I be list . just call information . it 's be so long since I have be home I do not even remember it . SAM Nice meeting you . int . handi - world checkout -- continuous MARK why be it always the loser who get into the pyramid scheme ? why be not it ever some charming hot girl nag you incessantly to buy shit ? large oh , be that what it be ? MARK detergent or some shit . the thing I do not understand be , if it work , why would he be work here . the guy 's a freak ; he pop darvocet like it 's ritalin . large why be you buy knife ? I do not need knife . they arrive at the counter . a young Black woman with enormous gold earring and long fingernails stand at the register . MARK I would like to return this . woman you get a receipt . MARK actually , no . it be a gift . she click she tongue . she begin fill out a form . woman why be you return this ? MARK they be not sharp enough . woman they be not sharp enough ? MARK no . not for what we need they for . they could not cut can . 90 woman you buy they to cut can ? MARK no , but in the commercial they say that if I want to cut can I could . but with this knife I can not . woman well it come with a sharpener . do you try it ? MARK yeah , they be just ... I do not want they ; not sharp enough . she ring it into the register and count out bill to Mark . woman thirty -nine , fifty - three . I hope we come in handy at handi-world . please come again . they exit the store and enter the mall . ext . mall - day they walk past stack of lumber . MARK a major loop -hole in the handi- World return policy permit return without receipt on item below forty dollar . large so how often do you go ? MARK I hit every employee once , then wait for they to . hire . new one . luckily , no one work at handi- World for very long . except Karl benson . large you know , Mark , it 's my last day in town . I have money . I can give you some . MARK I do not need you money , I be make my own right now . large or fuck , take jesse 's - the guy a millionaire . 91 Mark stop and look at large in the eye . MARK i do not take anybody 's money , Andrew . I make my own . favor be bad news . and the only thing worse than a favor , be a favor involve money . ext . rescue squad -- later the motorcycle pull up behind two ambulance be clean with hose . large see Cynthia change the sheet on a stretcher . they climb off . MARK this will only take a second . ( to cynthia ) be Aaron here ? cynthia large cynthia large this be Sam . SAM hi. cynthia hey . large ` ( be : the stretcher ) do he live ? cynthia she ... have a eight pound boy . SAM you deliver he ? cynthia yeah . SAM wow . cynthia yeah . ( to large ) what be you do here ? 92 large Mark 's pick up something . cynthia he 's as friendly as always . the three stand in awkward silence . cynthia ( cont 'd ) help I with this . he stand at the other end of the stretcher as she gu des he through make it . cynthia ( cont 'd ) grab that one ... over ... once more ... good . that side ... crease the corner . . .under .. .good . same thing on this one ... voila . large so be you there ? cynthia where ? large be you on the call to my uh ... to the house ? cynthia no . large ch. cynthia do you wish I be ? large yeah . ( beat ) she love you_ Mark exit carry a large gym bag . MARK get it , let 's go . SAM Nice to meet you . cynthia you too . Sam leave they alone . large I should go . 93 cynthia ( softly ) youknow , Andrew , the hour will comeone day when you atop avoid allthe people that love you . and whenit do I sure hope youcome findme ... ' cause I would love toknow whoyou be . he back away . large you know I enough to know I would travel for you funeral right ? I be kid yesterday ; where ever it be ... you know I would be there right ? cynthia yes . he back away and mount he bike . Cynthia turn to the stretcher and quickly use she thumb to swipe a tear , welling in she eye . int . holiday inn express / route 22 --- morning Mark , Sam and large enter the tacky lobby . Mark carry the gym bag . large and Sam follow Mark down a corridor and into a vend machine room . he open a door label " private " into a kitchen area . they weave through the kitchen down another hall ... int . back room -- continuous they arrive at a lock door . Mark knock . after a beat it 's open by a asian teenager with bad acne blast he walkman . the far wall be entirely cover with a blow - up mural of a New Jersey Driver 's license use for make fake id 's . the space where the face would go be miss , revealing a open in the wall . they climb through . int . secret hallway -- continuous during the following scene , the character will only whisper in each other' ear . we will only know what they ' re saying from subtitles . they squeeze down a long dark corridor fill with graffiti . they come upon a young teen stare through a peep hole in the wall . Mark tap he on the shoulder . he turn he head and nod in recognition . when he pull away from the peep hole , the light project the image of the motel room on he face . 94 ( yes , that really happen . ) as he look at Mark , Sam and large , he forehead be fill with the image of a business man brush he tooth . Mark lean into he ear . MARK ( subtitled ) where 's Diego ? teen ( subtitled ) down the hall . there 's a hooker in room 112 .. it 's crazy down there . I figure I would just chill with this . slow motion : Mark gesture for large and Sam to follow he down the hall . the hall be strewn with young man stare into peep hole . as Mark , Sam and large pass they , the peep Tom 's each turn to see who it be . as they turn , each one have the image of what they be watch project on they face . we hear the echoes of the sound from the room . -- a old couple slow dance project on another teen . regular motion : they arrive at the end of the hall where a group of six young guy be glue to the image be project onto the wall opposite the peep hole . a old camera lens have be duck tape to the peep hole cause the image to appear in perfect focus . the projection show a very hot , young hooker get take from behind by a older greaseball . her face be no more than three foot from the peep hole . the hooker' muffled moaning can be hear from the other side of the wall . everyone 's eye be glue to the wall . large notice one kid have duct tape over he mouth , while another be sweat profusely . Sam 's jaw be drop open . grbasesall ( 0.5 . ) I be fuck you ! I be fuck you . large notice another kid lip-synch along with the greaseball . Mark spot diego , a Hispanic guy , 32 , wear a bell - hop uniform and gesture he closer . MARK ( subtitled ) t'sup dog ? she 's fuckin ' hot . diego ( subtitled ) this be the most exciting day of my life . we have never have anything close to this . MARK I have get that nitrous tank for you , so can I get that info ? Â€¢ 95 diego you be gonna have to wait a couple . the hooker moan . greaseball ( o.s. ) who 's fuckin ' you ? hub ? who 's fuckin ' you ? the lip -synch kid mouth , " you be . " MARK dude we be kind of in a rush . diego you can wait , he 's about to cunt . greaseball I be gonna fuck cum ! diegogesture , " told you . " hooker cum on my back ! the group respond in silent shock . jaw drop , Diego grab he hair with he fist . just as they be about to climax , we CUT to : int . outer room --- day Mark , Diego , large , Sam and other rush out into the outer room . they speak in quiet whisper . diego holy shit3 MARK wow . diego that shit be hot ! I get to go drop some knowledge on that ho . SAM how do you know she 's a hooker ? diego of course she 's a fuck hooker . Girls that look like she do not fuck guy that look like he unless it 's for money , coke or fame . SAM Julia Roberts marry lyle lovett . diego who the fuck be you ? 96 marx oh , this be Sam and large . diego no offense . ( to MARK ) why be you bring this people here ? MARK he 's the guy who need that thing . look I bring you the tank , so can you just tell we where to go now ? diego tank come with balloon ? marx be I a fuck birthday clown , Diego ? no I do not have balloon . suck it off the tap . and I need it back when you be do ; the guy 's hold my thirty - nine buck . diego all right . hold -up . who here just see some titty ?! they all stare . diego ( cont 'd ) raise you hand if you just see some titty ?! they all raise they hand . ( include Sam . ) diego ( cont 'd ) thank you . so everybody need to calm the fuck down . MARK we be in a hurry . diego all right . you know where kiernan 's quarry be ? ext . kiernan' quarry -- later they pull up on the motorcycle . MARK ( V . o . ) down in Newark , right ? diego ( v.0 . ) yeah , its at the bottom of hillside and rivington . ( more ) 97 you can not really see it from the street , but it 's there . Park you car at the gate and hop the fence . they do . diego ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) at the bottom of the quarry there 's this junkyard run by this guy name albert. lie 's the one that track down the piece you be look for . I will call he right now and tell he to expect you . large okay , stop . what the fuck be we do ? marx just be patient . large dude , we have be patient all day , but it 's my last day in town and you have not tell I what the fuck we be do . I mean if you tell I we be go on a six hour scavenger hunt for blow I would have pass . MARK blow ? please . if I be gonna give you coke we would have go to the high school football practice and we would a be reeling five hour ago . large well I think we have corrupt this innocent girl enough for one afternoon . SAM I be not innocent . large ( get work up ) yes , you be . and that 's what I like about you . and I do not want this fuck guy take you to the bottom of a quarry in a sketchy - ass neighborhood to find some pitbull 's raping each other or ... crack whore 's huffing turpentine or whatever it be that you have we doing MARK wow . that 's the most work up I have ever see you . 98 SAM he be protect I . large so. SAM he like I . large do not be cute . SAM you be my knight in shine armor . large do not talk about knight in front of Mark . it 's a sore subject . MARK I be gonna kill that motherfucker . large pun intend ? beat as Mark get it . he come after he . MARK you be dead . they play wrestle as Sam watch . ext . kiernan' quarry -- moment later the three of they reach the top of a small hill to reveal ... a enormous abandoned quarry colossal old crane and construction truck loom in the distance like ancient dinosaur freeze in rust and graffiti . the center of the quarry go so deep they can not see the bottom . they stand on the edge . rain cloud rapidly drift overhead . this glace be surreal . SAM wow . large I never even know this be here . MARK I have hear about it . they be suppose to build a mall here I think . SAM yeah I remember read about it in the paper . ( more ) Â€¢ 99 they be digging one day and they break through into this like natural phenomenon . it 's like a underground Grand Canyon or something . so now they be in some huge legal battle over whether they can build here or not . large can you imagine the guy who 's job it be to fight for the right to build he mall on some like geological phenomenon ? MARK they love they mall 's here man . okay let 's just find this guy and get outta here . large you be not gonna tell we what we be get ? MARK it 's a surprise , you will see . Mark walk on ahead of they down a path that wind down alongside the abyss . ext . 1 cternian quarry -- later further down the path . Sam look to large . he use a old mop handle he 's find as a walk stick . as they continue along the path it begin to get continually cluttere with rusty junk . a old bedframe , a porcelain tub , remnant of a " jungle - gym " , dirty break toy . further along down the path amidst the junk they see a thirty foot dilapidated souse boat perch on cement block that sit right on the edge of the cliff . it 's window glow warm and welcoming . Mark stand in front of the boat . this be not what he expect . rain begin to fall . MARK I guess this be it . large so ... knock . knock and barter for " dessert Storm Trading card " . mary please do not tease I about my hobby . I do not tease you about be a asshole . they stand in the pour rain stare at the boat . Mark step up and pound he fist on the wooden hull . 100 after a moment , albert , a very gentle look man in he mid - thirty with a newborn baby asleep on he shoulder appear on the deck . he smile warmly - albert ( in a whisper ) Mark ? MARK yeah . be you Albert ? albert ( with a smile ) yes . come on in out of the rain . Sam and large look at each other , then follow Mark up a a - frame ladder that sit next to the hull . int . albert boat -- continuous they step inside and the door close behind they . it 's very cozy and warm . great music plays . a wood burn stove heat the room and throw warm amber light onto a small live room with deep cushy couch . albert you guy must be freezing . make yourselves warm by the fire . I be just gonna go put she down . I will be right out . the three of they huddle by the fire . they speak in quiet whisper . SAM I must say , I have be continually impressed today with how each new place you bring we manage to be weirder and weirder . MARK what do you mean , this be nice . large ah nothing , just hang out in a old boat at the bottom of a quarry in Newark . MARK it 's hardly the bottom , dude . do you see that cliff ? Albert return with faye , a equally gentle and caring look woman in she early thirty . albert this be my wife , faye . all hi. hello . 101 faye hi. welcome . albert this be Mark and Sam and large , right ? MARK yeah_ albert Diego tell I when he call . please have a seat , make yourselves comfortable . faye its really come down out there , huh ? large yeah , it just start pour all of a sudden . albert well in a bad storm I like to pretend this old boat 's my own private " ark " . unfortunately , if this be the apocalypse , I be not quite sure it still float . faye would any of you like some tea ? SAM I would love some tea . large and Mark look at she . large no thanks . marx no .. thanks . faye cross to a small kitchen . they all sit there politely nodd at each other . large what be it that you do here ? what be this place ? albert good question . we be call it kiernan 's fault . and no one 's really quite sure what it be because they have not be able to explore it . they be lock in a legal battle over who have the rights to the land . ( more ) 102 so one of this day it will either be a national park or a shopping mall . but while they lock in litigation , I be hire to make sure no one come inside . large oh. wow . albert what they do not know be that I be a geologist work undercover for the preservation lobby . so , at night ... I go down . faye he 's document it to support they case . SAM wow . so how deep do it go ? albert no one really know . I have be in the furthest and that be about two mile down . but I like to pretend it 's infinite . 11 faye bring they tea . SAM it 's kind of a odd job be not it ? Guardian of a infinite abyss ? albert yeah , I guess it be . we also trade and deal in antique jewelry . I suppose it 's pretty odd for you that we live down here like this - SAM no . large not at all . MARK never cross my mind . albert but we think it 's important . large why ? what do you think you will find ? albert I do not know . it 's exciting . New frontier be hard to come by this day . I guess I just like the idea of discover something . ( more ) 103 do something completely unique that no one 's ever do before . large look to Sam . large yeah . " Albert 's abyss " . albert who know ? maybe . but I use to think that be all that matter . no matter what it be , as long as I could put my name on it . like it would somehow justify the fact that I live ; that I be here . " I do that . that 's mine . I get this plate on my travel . " but you know what ? that 's all ego ; none of that stuff really matter . if at the end of the day I get to be with she , if I get to be with this person right here and the baby we create , then that 's all I need . just have feel that ... if I die in a hour , I know I have live . faye kiss he forehead . large you know " my whole life I have have that same anxiety that if I do not discover something or ... save something or ... SAM save something from be discover . large yeah . that I will have somehow waste my time here . and that somewhere , whatever force create we , would resent I for it . albert well I think that force would rather remind you that " breathe 's all it take to be a miracle " . he take a deep breath . large , Sam and mark stare at Albert ; transfixed . he 's like a sage . great music begins . albert well i suppose you want what you come all the way down here for . marx yeah , that would be great . 104 albert it take I awhile to track this piece down . but I owe Diego huge . he pull a small paper bag off the counter and hand it to Mark . Mark look inside and nod he head . MARK that 's it . thank you . they all stand . SAM well thank you for the tea . large yeah , thanks . faye okay , good luck in the rain . would you like some garbage bag or something ? large yeah , that would be great . ext albert house boat --day they open the door and venture into the , down pour in they garbage bag parkas . albert good-bye . Albert stand with he arm around faye in they warm doorway . as the three of they climb down the ladder and head up the path . large turn back ' around . large ( yell over the rain ) be , hey Albert l albert yeah ? large good luck explore the infinite abyss1 albert ( with a smile ) thank you . ( beat ) hey ] ( beat ) you toot ext . kiernan' quarry -- continuous 105 the great music continue slow motion : Mark , Sam and large in black garbage bag rain parkas head up the incline away from the trailer at half speed . large lead they to a old yellow crane that 's rusty arm hang out over the 'edge . he climb up onto it 's base . regular motion ; large scream as loud as he can , with everything he have , like he 's empty himself into the abyss . Sam and Mark look up at he and climb up alongside large to join hint . the three of they , in they black parkas , with they hair drench against they head , scream as loud as they can , with everything they have in the pouring rain . freeze frame : the three of they smile . a release . a perfect moment . unfreeze : Sam lock eye on large . he stare back at she . they kiss . he wrap he hand around the back of she head and they kiss , in the pour rain , on the edge of something . CUT to : ext . mark house -- later the rain have stop as large 's motorcycle pull up in front of Mark 's house . mark get out of the sidecar . large so I do not know if I be gonna see you . MARK I know . do not you wanna know what 's in the bag ? large to be honest , I do not even care anymore . Mark pull out the bag . it practically fall apart it 's 80 wet from the rain . he pull out a antique necklace with a square pendant on it . he put it in large 's wet hand . MARK I would be lie to ya if I tell ya this be my plan all along . ( beat ) but I get it back . that 's get to be worth something , right ? large this whole day be about this ? 106 MARK ( nodding ) and anyway you do not want it down there with she . it 's better for you to have it . large shake he head ; he 's shocked . Mark back away , still wear he garbage bag parka . MARK ( cont 'd ) hey , if you ever need a kato , you know where to find I . large sit back down on the bike into Sam 's wet arm . he stare at the pendant in he hand . SAM what be it ? large it 's my Mom 's favorite necklace . fade to black : int . master bathroom -- night they sit , soak from the rain in the empty bath tub where Sarah largeman drown , , cross -legge face each other . large wear the necklace around he neck . he play with the pendant ... extreme close - up inside tee pendant : it 's a antique game where you try to get three tiny lead ball to sit in three separate indentation . large no . I do not want to play this game . SAM why not ? I be curious . she 's sit here , across from you and you can say anything at all . all the thing you never get a chance to say . ( beat ) no ? I ( beat ) well I do not want to push you . I just think it might help . I mean be not that what you come home for ? re stop play with the necklace and take a deep breath . large okay . ( beat ) I would ... ( beat ) if she be sit here . ( really thinking ) ( more ) 107 if my mother be sit here I would tell she ... silence . the faucet drip behind he . SAM what ? large I really do not wanna ... ( beat ) I would tell she that I be sorry . ( beat ) I be sorry that she be not happy . and I be sorry I could not make she happy . and you know if I could have have anything I ever want to have happen in my life actually ever happen , it would have be that she would be happy . and ... a tiny tear well in he lid and . spill over . SAM oh , my God , large I think I see one . large shut-up . SAM yeah , I do . do not move , we should save it or something . she find a clear plastic cup . SAM ( cout ' D ) here do not move , I be gonna get it . she try to coerce the - tear off he cheek into the cup , like a child capture a inch worm . large I guess I could put it in my scrapbook , if I have a scrapbook . they wait . SAM be that it ? large I think so . I do not feel any more come . SAM well if you do , let I know and I will grab the cup , okay ? 108 large yeah . SAM this be a good idea . keep talk . large it 's funny ; this thing remind I of this really random memory of my mother . its so weird , I have not think about this in so long , but this great memory I have where I be a little kid and I be cry for one reason or another and she be kind of hold I and rock I back and forth . and I could see the little ball in this thing just roll back and forth . and there be just snot drip down my nose . ( he laugh ) and she just hand I she sleeve and tell I to just blow my nose into it . and I remember think , even as a very little kid , " wow . this be love . " more tear start to well and overflow from he eye . he try to stifle they with a laugh . he cradle the pendant . large ( cont 'd ) this be love . and it just feel so ... good to be there . so safe . and I do not feel safe very often , but at that moment ... tear be now stream down he face as well as Sam 's . she hold the plastic cup in she hand . SAM oh , large I be never gonna be able to get all this . they laugh . she move closer , wrapping she leg around he waist to hug he close . she kiss he - ' wet cheek . SAM ( cont 'd ) I be never gonna be able to get all this , be I ? large it 's so funny be not it ? but I think that 's the single most amazing moment I remember of my mother . ' Cause she be not sad and she be not be prodd to be happy , she be just there . SAM to be you Mom . 209 he node and tighten he lip ; try to hold in the faucet that he eye have become ; a monumental release . he almost look like a different person . they stare directly into each other 's eye . he turn away ; it 's too vulnerable a place for he . SAM ( cont 'd ) look at I . ( beat ) look at I . he do . and we see a vulnerable , lonely , little boy . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( in a whisper ) let go . listen to I . just do not hang onto any of it anymore . you be hold on so tight and you just ... you do not have to hang onto any of it anymore . just let it all go . large ( through tear ) I just do not ... SAM just let it all go . he cry with he elbow over he eye . SAM ( cont 'd ) what do you feel ? describe it . that always help I . my mom always say , " what 's the word that 's burn in you chest ... " she touch he chest with she hand . SAM ( cont 'd ) what be it ? he look away . soar . SAM ( cont 'd ) look at I . he do . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( gentle ) what be it ? large ( in a whisper ) I would say that it 's Love . ( beat ) it 's this Love that I have . 0 110 SAM yeah , it be . ( beat ) and you have get so much of it in you ... God , you do . you have get so many year of it in you , plead to come out . large this fuck hurt . SAM I know . but that ... that be life . if nothing else ... ( point to he chest ) that be life . St 's real . and sometimes it burn . but maybe ... it might be all there be . ( beat ) look at you . look at you . you look like you just come back to life . he just stare at she . large ( baffle ) who be you ? SAM ( smiling ) I be you new friend , Sam . holding up she sleeve . SAM ( cont 'd ) tissue ? they both laugh ; a release . large fuck . I feel like I just get so much throw at I ; like there 's so much speed by I in a day that I feel like if I look up from the sidewalk , I will get dizzy and fall down . so it 's like I just ... barrel through and do not look up , so I will just never fall , you know ? and that 's really ... and you know it 's so sad to say this , but that 's really how I have be live my whole life . SAM try to barrel through . large yeah . 111 SAM well it sound like you be due to fall . large yeah . ( realizing ) yeah I be . ( beat . then with a laugh . ) thanks Mom . ( beat , realize ) that 's funny . the definition 's always confuse I , but I be pretty sure that 's irony . he smile . he wipe he tear away with he own sleeve . large ( cont 'd ) come here . she come in for a tight embrace . he kiss she gently on she cheek with he eye close , then rest he head on she - shoulder . SAM how do you feel ? on large 's face as he think about that question . large safe . ( beat ) when I be with you , I feel so safe ... like I be Rome . a wide shot of the bathroom as Sam and large embrace in the middle of the empty tub and the faucet continuee to drip . dissolve to : int . large' bedroom -- later large 's stereo plays : ( " I just do not think I will ever get over you " by Colin Ray ) large and Sam lie naked in each other 's arm . she 's asleep . he lie wide awake rest he cheek on top of here . a series of dissolves : of large as he lie awake in different position stare at the ceiling ; processing . S be turn to he . he get up out of bed and put he clothes on . tnt . master bedroom -- continuous large stand at the end of the bed stare at gideon lie propped up with a book on he cheat , asleep . the evening news be on the tv . 112 large dad ? he sit up startle . gideon oh , hey , hey c'mon in . he find he glass on he chest and lift the remote to turn off the tv . large sorry to wake you . gideon no , no , it 's uh ... I be just read . large I have be on a pretty crazy little journey this last couple of day . gideon you have be avoid I . large no , I just ... maybe I have be . gideon I be sure you can find plenty of thing in you life to be angry about , but what I do not understand be why you be so angry at I . all I ever want be for everybody to be happy again , Andrew . that 's all I ever want . large but when be we ever all happy , dad ? I mean you always say that , but when be that ? when be this time that you have in you mind that you wish we could all get back to ? ' Cause I do not have it in my memory . maybe if I do I could help steer we back there . but we should ... ( beat ) you know ... you and I need to work on be okay if that 's not in the card for we . gideon well we might have a shot at it if you could just forgive yourself for what you do . 113 large what I do ? what I do ?! you know what , dad ? I be gonna forgive myself for what I do right now : I be a little boy and somebody make a shitty latch . that 's what I think now . and I be not gonna ... I mean I be not gonna take all that drug anymore . because they have leave I completely numb . I have feel so fuck numb to everything I have experience in my life . and for that ; I be here to forgive you . gideon site up against the headboard . large ( cont 'd ) you have always say you want we to have whatever it be we want . well maybe what Mom want more than anything , be for it to all be over . and for I , what I really want more than anything , be for it to be okay with you for I to feel something again ; even if it 's pain . gideon go against you doctor 's recommendation ; that 's a pretty weighty experiment to take on do not you think ? large ( with a chuckle ) this be my life , dad . this be it . I have spend twenty - six year wait for something else to start . so no , I do not think it 's too much to take on . because it 's everything there be . ( beat ) I see now it 's all there be . gideon perhaps the great tragedy of my life , will be that you both deserve more than I know how to give ? large we deserve nothing more than you . and you deserve nothing more than we . large put he hand on the center of he father 's bare chest . large ( cont 'd ) you and I be gonna be okay . you know that , right ? ( beat ) ( more ) 114 we may not be as happy as you always hope we would be . but for the first time let 's allow ourselves to be whatever it be that we be ... and that will be better . ok ? I think that will be better . dissolve to , int . newark airport staircase -- morning large sit next to Sam on a staircase between two escalator . SAM what be you do ? large I do not want to hurt you . SAM no . why ? how can you ... how could you ... what 's go on ? what happen ? we can figure out the long distance thing . do not ... this be a good thing , large . do not ... you be gonna be ... please do not do this . shestart cry . large Sam . SAM ( through tear ) you do not realize . this be good . this do not happen often in you life . we can figure this stuff out . I wanna help you . we need each other ; I have not even lie in two day . large be that true ? SAM no . large look at I . Sam , look at I . this be not over . I be not put a period at the end of this thing . I be put like ... a ellipse on it . because I be worried that if i do not go figure myself out , if I do not go land on my foot and be okay on my own , I be gonna fuck this up . and I do not want to do that . this matter too much to I . 115 he check he watch . large ( cont`d ) this be not a conversation about this be over . it 's about I need time to ... look , I just fire my psychiatrist , I gotta go out and find a new one . he stare off . decision time . large ( cont 'd ) - I gotta go . I be gonna call you . as soon as I get there I be gonna call you . she nod ; heartbroken . large ( cont 'd ) look at I . she do not . large ( cont ' t ) look at I . she turn . large ( cont 'd ) you have change my life , samantha . and I have know you for four day . this be the beginning of something big . but right now I gotta go . he kiss she on she mouth . as he pull away she arc she head to touch he lip for one more second . fade to black : anchor ( o.s. ) well Paul be off tonight , but we be lucky enough to have Ryan Walker here to tell we about we weather . int . master bedroom - night gideon sit on the edge of the bed cut he toe-nail . he 's naked except for white underwear . the SOUND of water run in the bathroom . anchor ( o.s. ) Ryan , how 's it lookin ' out there ? female voice ( o.s. ) gideon ? R 116 gideon do not hear the voice as he bend over and try to pick each toenail he 's cut out of the thick carpet . ryan ( o.s. ) thank you , Dan . well I have some good news . we be in for some gorgeous weather come we way out of the northwest . female voice gideon ? a scream and a bang from the female voice in the other room ! gideone face as it whip up into frame from he task on the floor . female voice ( cont 'a ) gideon ! she scream again through water ! he dart up off the floor and race to the open bathroom doorl he be about to enter and then he 's stop abruptly . sarah gideon I sarah be drowning . through the door we see splashes of water as they land on the bathroom floor . gideone face . he can not move ; fro2en . his mind be racing ; adrenaline . we can almost see how fast :his , mind be processing through he eye . the weather report continue low in the background . sarah ( cont 'd ) ( through gasp ) gide ... and then silence . gideon be face ; Wide -ey in terror . he finger as they slide down off the bathroom door frame . he back away slowly to the bed and site down ; stare blankly at the bathroom door . and then he start to sob . quickly he whole body seem to surrender into it and he weep hard . his whole back lurch upward with each soh . ryan ( o.s. ) so there you have it folk ; get out the picnic basket , push up that storm window , ' cause it appear that spring have arrive . 117 gideon look up ; lose . his face be cover with tear . he reach down to the phone and dial 911 . gideon I need a ambulance . black . int . airport baggage claim area -- day Sam cry in a phone booth . a knock on the glass spin she around to see large . he open the door . SAM what be you do ? large remember that idea I have about grow and work stuff out on my own and then find you when I would figure myself out ? SAM the ellipse ? large yeah the ellipse . its dumb . it 's a awful idea . and I be not gonna do it . because like you say , this be it . this be life . and I be in love with you , samantha . ( with a laugh ) I think that 's the only thing I have .ever be really sure of in my whole life . I be really fuck up right now , but I do not want to waste any more of my life without you in it . okay ? SAM yeah . large because I think I can do this . I know I can . I want to . we have to . yeah ? tear stream down she face . she smile she angelic smile . SAM large SAM 118 large okay . ( beat , nodd ) what do we do ? he look at she and smile like we have never see he smile ; alive ; awake ; charge ! large ( cont - D ) what do we do ? they pause for a moment , stare at each other , transfix by adrenaline and spontaneity . slowly large lean in and they kiss amidst a almost desolate baggage claim area . music cue : radiohead : " sulk " as one lone bag circle a empty carousel wait to be find . fade out :