gateway screenplay by Jeff vintar base on the novel by frederik pohl fade in : int . deep in the earth -- day bob broadhead position a heavy - duty drill and bore into the rock . a cloud of thick black dust quickly envelop he . he release the trigger . wait . the dust clear revealing a jagged hole cut in the stone and Bob turn quickly . gesture . a nervous man step into the artificial light . in contrast to Bob , he face be hide behind a enormous breathing mask , and through the thick lense we see two very frighten eye . he carry explosive charge . Bob take the first charge and slide it into the jag open . flip the switch -- a light on the explosive blip on , prime , and ready to blow . they move down the wall and repeat the procedure , set half - a- dozen explosive into a equal number of newly - drill hole , flipping the switch . Bob slip the last charge into the stone and pause . look at he associate . the bulky mask amplify the man 's erratic breathing . Bob flip the final switch . across the entire length of the rock face , the charge light start to blink and they turn and run like hell -- Bob hurry across the loose narrow board serve as floor in the tunnel . the nervous man slip off the plank into the muck . Bob hoist he out and they duck into a nearby recess . the blink light stop and : the explosion shake the wall around they . dust and debris blast down the length of the tunnel and block out the view . slowly the dust begin to clear . Bob look around . listen . the nervous man be too scared to move . his eye shift leave and right . finally he pull off he mask , a relieved smile spread over he face . he turn to bob. start to speak -- Bob gesture at he . quiet ! from somewhere deep in the rock , there come a eerie rumble . 2. Bob grab he , and they run . dirt and shale pour from the ceiling in thick column and suddenly the roof give way and they be both buried alive . only Bob 's hand reach out of the dirt , search for a grip , grasp at the shale -- inch-by-inch Bob slowly pull himself out , he head first , then he shoulder , torso . but he be not alone . use all of he strength and willpower , Bob pull the other man free too . they lie on the floor of the tunnel , exhaust , cover in dirt , gasping for breath and the wall groan even louder -- Bob and he associate crawl across the floor of the tunnel , but slowly . much too slowly . more column of dirt begin to form . the man drag themselves onto a small metal platform as the remainder of the tunnel collapse in a storm of rock . Bob reach up , search for a red button . he find it and int . elevator -- day bob hold on as the platform shoot upward through a narrow shaft of rock . he struggle to stand . this be a open lift and the wall of the shaft race past at high speed . stick out you arm and you lose it . slowly the nervous man stir . he try to get up too , but he leg give out . he slip : his face stop less than a inch from the shaft wall speed past . Bob catch he . the man stare down at he own nose . we see the tip be scraped and the elevator suddenly stop -- ext . the mine -- day bob and the nervous man be throw out onto the surface , and immediately react to the sun . they be in the middle of a work mine . big loader rumble past . the surround landscape be a dead , strip -mine hell . Bob sit up . dirt and rock slide off he . his face look like it may never wash clean . he try to say something but : suddenly a big whistle blows . int . MAIN office -- day bob stand in a long amble line with other filthy miner . he reach the time clock , insert he card , and punch out . int . seedy bar -- night a grungy television display today 's winning lottery number . the bartender begin to channel surf . we catch a glimpse of a bizarre alien spaceship . a commercial ask , '' look for adventure ? '' a handsome news anchor say , '' scientist still can not explain - - '' a smiling man surround by money add , '' I go to outer space and all I bring back be a fortune . '' a excitable crowd chant a word we hear for the first time -- '' heechee ! '' bob sit on he usual stool and stare into the break mirror behind the bar , he empty Beer bottle speedily accumulate . two miner step up to the bar next to Bob and catch the brews slide they way . they raise the bottle ... but then notice : miner # 1 you all right , Bob ? miner # 2 of course he 's all right . that be Bob broadhead you be talkin’ about ! miner # 1 then why do he look like that ? miner # 2 like what ? miner # 1 all contemplative like ... in unison they look in the mirror and study Bob 's expression . miner # 2 that be not a contemplate face . miner # 1 the hell it be not . miner # 2 when have you ever contemplate anything ? miner # 1 plenty o’ time . miner # 2 uh-huh . miner # 1 ten buck say Bob be in a advanced state of contemplation right now . miner # 2 you be on . they wait for he to speak ... and wait . Bob clutches a beer , obviously intoxicate , study he reflection . now he look ready to say something . his friend lean close , and finally : bob start work the food mine at half - pay , age twelve ... the first miner smile wide . the loser reach deep inside he pocket , and hand over he oily crumpled ten dollar bill . bob ( cont ’d ) by the time I be sixteen , have my rating : charge driver . miner # 1 you folk would be real proud of you , Bob . that 's hard work , and good pay -- bob yeah . good pay ... but what do you do with it ? miner # 2 what do you mean , Bob ? bob it 's not enough to get you out . miner # 1 out of what ? they foreman step up to the bar , the soot on he face by now a permanent feature . he do not seem to like Bob much . clearly , the feel 's mutual : foreman griping , broadhead ? bob drinkin 's . foreman Close call today -- bob think so ? foreman you charge be too close . bob my charge be fine . we be drillin’ too deep , too fast . foreman oh be that right ? maybe you oughta file a complaint with management . Bob find that funny , and laugh in he beer . the foreman be not amused . he move close : foreman I can tell you future , Bob . one day , maybe real soon , you luck will run out , and you will find yourself under a couple ton o’ loose shale . oh ... we will get you out . we do not leave we people . of course , it may take a while . the two miner close to Bob be beginning to look worried , expect the worst . everybody within earshot be listen -- foreman ( cont 'd ) I reckon you know all about waitin’ . how long be you daddy trap in that cave - in ? must be hard on a kid . be it true what they say , after a man 's be bury more than three day , he 's just not good for anything anymore -- Bob turn on the foreman and land a old - fashioned punch that drop he to the floor . you could hear a pin drop . Bob stare down at he limp body . bob drink on I . everybody cheer . male and female miner rush the bar for they free drink , while Bob make he way toward the street . his two friend share a worried look and follow close behind : miner # 1 you can not just punch out the boss , Bob . bob too late ... miner # 2 all of this contemplation be messin’ with the inner - working of you brain ! Bob stop at the screen door . he stare out at the night and bob I have never see thing more clearly , boy . for the first time in my life , I can decide for myself . miner # 1 decide what , Bob ? Bob turn around and look at they , with such a expression , they have to know this be the last time they 's 1l ever see he . bob who I want to be tomorrow . and Bob push out the door . ext . rural road -- night bob walk away from the place , unsteady at first , but quickly pick up the pace . sound of the bar fade . Bob reach the road and keep on go . ext . recruitment office -- night a tired bob leave the long stretch of pavement for a small building plaster with poster that read : '' join the Star rush , '' '' find the lose alien Race '' and '' plunder the Universe ! '' 7 . nevertheless Bob stare at one sign in particular : '' close . '' that settles it . his leg give out from under he , and Bob fall face down in the dirt ... dissolve to : ext . recruitment office -- later the sun be rise in the sky . bob have not move a inch , still lie on the ground , when a vehicle pull up to the building and park . we hear the sound of a car door open . a pair of legs walk across the dirt and gravel right past Bob , not even hesitate . we hear the sound of keys , the front door swinging open , and a second later it banging shut . moment pass . Bob lie there . the door open again . the same footstep cross gravel . now the legs return , and stand by Bob . we never do see he face : recruitment guy ( bored , by rote ) Earth not doin 's right by you ? hope the star will treat you better ? if you answer yes to the above , then fame , fortune , and adventure can be yours -- go and search the cosmos for fantastic discovery that defy imagination , priceless object older than humanity , and maybe even find a alien or two .... Bob do not move a inch . be he even awake ? we do not know -- recruitment guy passage off planet be not cheap . Bob move he arm and only he arm , search around in he pocket , and finally come up with one simple lottery ticket . the ticket be flashing repeatedly : '' winner ! winner ! winner ! '' the man accept the ticket . a second later , he reach back down for Bob 's thumb , press the digit against a small handheld device . it beeps and recruitment guy the human race thanks you . the leg leave . we hear the sound of footstep on gravel . the door re-open and bang shut . Bob just lie in the dirt . bob ( muffle ) you be welcome . cur to : ext . transport ship -- space the next generation of earth shuttle cross a sea of star -- cur to : int . transport ship -- space bob and the other new arrival lie strapped side - by-side in zero-gravity webbing . the passenger cabin be cramme full , everyone pack in tight ; and unfortunately for Bob , he be stick next to a woman name sheri , who never stop talk ... sheri be you scared ? not I , I mean , I know why I should be scared : we be go to climb into space - ship build by alien before we be bear -- before anyone be bear -- strap ourselves in , and hit '' go . '' we will travel faster than light , we do not know how ... we do not know how long we ’1ll be go , even if we know where we be go , which we do not . so we could travel we whole life and die before we get there , or run into something that will kill we in two second -- right ? right . ( short pause ) be you scared ? Bob watch a uniform crew member float past directly above they , move smoothly through the cabin . he grin knowingly : crew member dock in 5 minute . welcome to gateway ! ext . asteroid -- space the shuttle approach a large asteroid . it look lumpy , char , and pockmark with crater . a ancient space rock . but the crater on this asteroid berth starship . 9 . we see only the nose of the ship as the great rock rotate , give we a long look at what 's become we '' gateway '' to the star ... curt to : int . large dock -- day bob and the other new arrival walk a narrow lane form by two rows of ship , char and batter like ancient relic , but somehow still beautiful . the exotic line of the alien design defy normal earthly expectation of space or rocketry . Bob can not take he eye off the ship . up ahead , security personnel be toss information packet the size of several phone book into the wait arm of the awestruck newcomer . Assistant director emma fother step out onto a small balcony and address the group . unlike most of the other on this asteroid , Emma be always well - groom and impeccably dress : emma '' welcome aboard . '' ( short pause ) that be a joke , but you will not understand it for some time ... the information packet you be be give contain you room assignment ; a daily per-capita tax assessment for the air you be already breathe ; and a copy of you contract granting the gateway Corporation sole authority in the exploitation , sale , and lease of any and all discovery you make during you mission into outer space . Bob move forward , catch the packet toss he way , and immediately look around for something . he seem to find it . emma ( cont 'd ) it be vital that you do not lose you information packet -- Emma see Bob throw he information packet into a garbage can . she stop talk . Bob sense he be observe , look up , and lock eye with Emma . clearly she hate he already . Bob look back at the starship one last time , then walk on . 10 . int . maze of tunnel -- day bob step into a maze of tunnel construct from a strange , luminescent alien metal that emit its own light . this passage wind crazily through the rock and be always crowded with prospector , security guard , and maintenance personnel . he read the card with he room number , scan a colorful map on the wall , and start off -- but Bob do not go unnotice . dane metchnikov be small and rodent-like . he lock onto Bob and scurries up beside he , even creepier when he smile : dane greeting , friend ! Bob glance down at he . say nothing at all . keeps move . dane ( cont 'd ) name 's dane metchnikov , guide and financial advisor , 1 - stop shop for off - Earth contraband , trustworthy confidant and all - around orientation specialist . ( short pause ) if you 's 1ll follow I this way , I 'il be happy to -- Bob head in the other direction and dane look disappointed . dane -- or that way , sure . Bob and dane pass a screen play image of gateway . a soothing female voice offer : voice of gateway gateway be a artifact create by the ancient heechee race . it be form around a asteroid or the core of a atypical comet -- the next screen they pass by be give the same presentation . voice of gateway the time of its creation be not know , but almost surely precede the rise of human civilization ! Bob keep move down the tunnel . dane struggle to keep up . 11 . dane I have help a lot of new fish -.. no offense ... transition to life on a hunk o’ space rock . bob do not need you help . I spend most of my day in tunnel just like -- a unidentified flying object enter the tunnel . it look like a metal ball with little fold bug arm . the thing speed through the corridor . everybody duck out of the way . it whizze between Bob and dane , and dart around the corner . bob ( cont ’d ) the hell be that ? dane now this be exactly what I be talkin’ about . for a small retainer , a token fee , I can be available to answer question such as , '' the hell be that ? '' Bob grab dane by the shirt and pull he close . scare he . bob how about you answer for free ? dane sure , you want to sample the product before buy -- I understand completely . that be just good business sense ! bob ( again , stronger ) the hell be that ? dane I do not know -- Bob start down the tunnel . dane follow , try to explain : dane ( cont 'd ) nobody know ! bob what do you mean nobody know ? 12 . dane the alien leave it . it just fly around , and as far as anybody can tell , do not do anything -- you can not catch it , and it never stop . my own personal theory be , it 's a air freshener . bob the air stink -- Bob step inside a bizarre elevator . dane squeeze in , fast . dane how do you know , maybe that 's the smell o’ heechee flower ? int . weird elevator -- day bob and dane huddle inside a claustrophobic elevator never mean to carry occupant the size and shape of human being -- dane stare up at Bob , expectantly . if he have a tail , he have be wag it . finally Bob give in . he reach into he pocket and take out a twenty . dane grab the bill fast , crumple it , pull it , and hold it up to the light while he say : dane everyone who come to gateway get ten day 's worth of food , lodging , and air -- courtesy of the gateway Corporation -- plus a invitation to sign up for the next spaceship out . you do not have to sign up for the next prospect trip , or any trip at all . if you lose you nerve , you can stay here until you money run out ... the elevator door slide OPEN . immediately Bob hear scream . security guard be drag a struggling man toward a open airlock . they throw he in -- one of the guard hit a switch , the thick airlock door slide shut , and a moment later we see the terrify man at the small window , pounding on the glass and yelling for help . 13 . Bob watch the scene intensely , harden enough by life that death do not shock he , but even this take get use to : bob ( dryly ) look like he money run out . the outer hatch blows OPEN and the man be suddenly pulled from the window -- as if by a invisible hand -- just a blur . through the porthole we briefly glimpse the man 's unprotect body hurling toward the star . dane squeeze closer make room for other try to get on . dane you go bust , you take the next shuttle home . try to run ... you get the airlock . the elevator slide shut . it really be very cramped in here . dane stand next to a heavy - set nurse transport a high - tech biological container . about the size of a large bucket . a screen in the elevator display the gateway corporate logo : voice of gateway gateway be proud to announce the return of mission 24-331 ..- another successful voyage into the unknown ! dane that mean the ship return . it do not say anything about the condition of the crew . bob what happen to the crew ? nurse ( gruffly ) you be lookin’ at ‘em . the elevator open and the nurse exit carry she medical bucket . Bob watch she go . slowly the door begin to shut . dane '' successful '' be define kind of loosely around here -- curt to : 14 . int . maze of tunnel -- day the elevator open on a different level . bob start down the tunnel and scan the room number , with dane right alongside . dane they probably drop out of warp too close to a sun , or a supernova . best not to think about it . besides , I have be out three time , and look at I : sound of mind and body ! bob uh-huh . they pass several more screen with actor signing document : voice of gateway upon you arrival on gateway , remember to read and sign you memorandum of agreement -- now the same actor in spacesuits be find fake - look artifact on a stage planet . voice of gateway -- release all rights in and to any discovery , artifact , and object of value you find during exploration -- the actor hand they over to company official , shake hand , and receive oversize check . voice of gateway -- to the gateway Authority ! they find a door . Bob stop . dane guy like you and I ? we feed off danger . I be just bide my time waitin’ for the right mission to come along , eye on the big score , you know ? I x11 leave here a wealthy man . bob if you say so . there be a deafening blast , and the tunnel lurch , as if the 15 . asteroid be break apart .... dane that be -- bob ( realize ) -- a ship take off . dane yeah , you will feel that a lot . Bob move toward he room , and the door open automatically . dane you reckon maybe I should wait outside you door a while in case you need I -- Bob shove another bill into dane 's hand , and walk into the room . the door slide shut . a happy dane examine he cash . dane ( cont 'd ) can not stay , very busy , gotta run ! int . bob 's quarter -- day bob stand inside of he room . literally , stand in place be all he can do . Bob 's room be the size of a SMALL closet -- there be a sleep bag hang on the wall , assume he can fall asleep vertically . a miniscule sink and a funny toilet that retract . hook and slot for he thing . he have about six inch of wiggle room between he shoulder and the wall . a tiny private screen blip on with a close - up of a eyeball . voice of gateway gateway not what you expect ? experience feeling of profound regret ? let the sigfrid - 1000 automate psycho- analyst help ! for the first time we see Bob smile , and laugh . something tell we he have never look this happy in he entire life ... bob no thanks , darlin’ . I be good . I be real good . 16 . int . '' the blue hell '' -- night ragged-look prospector guzzle down cheap booze at the long bar . Space -adapt game table showcase poker , a slow - move roulette with a big dense ball , and crap with dice that take forever to stop . a dozen different language can be hear mix together -- English , Russian , chinese , Spanish - - and everyone talk animatedly , as if try to be understand . bob walk through the swinging door , as if step into the wild west . he look around . male voice and now , my dear friend and fool , let we speak of bigger reward -- and of a bonus the company never expect to pay . Bob want to hear this and squeeze through the crowd to see : professor hegramet sit at a table hold a Beer , surround by he regular audience of half - drunk / half - alert prospector . professor five hundred million dollar for that lucky man or woman who find a live heechee -- everyone gather around blurt a positive guttural response . professor you ! answer I this . what do the heechee look like ? male prospector beat I . professor of course it do -- because we have never find anything resembling a photograph or a draw . now tell I : do they have some system for store knowledge ? do they have book ? do they write ? female prospector yeah ? professor surely , they must have . what that system be , we simply do not know . now tell I , what be the biggest mystery of all ? 17 . everybody stand there , perplex , hide behind they beer . Bob be not one to speak up , but something about this get he : bob the heechee do not die here -- the Professor find Bob and look he over . seem surprised . professor and why not ? bob because if they do , we have find they bone ... or whatever they have instead of bone . professor a worthy observation . go on . bob if they do not die , then they leave . so I guess the big mystery be , why do the heechee leave all this for we to find ... and where do they go ? professor brilliant . that be the very question which compel I to leave the confines of the classroom and venture out to the wild of gateway itself ! the Professor take a drink . everyone stand around wait for he to continue , but he never do , and finally Bob ask : bob so where be they ? professor my dear fellow , it beat the piss out of I . he set he head face down on the table . class dismiss ... everyone disperse . Bob look like he should have know better . he make he way to the bar and take a open stool . a group of drunken prospector lift up they bottle in song : drunk we get squash , burn , and shred to bit -- we do not care which -- little lose heechee start make we rich ! 18 . the bartender slide a Beer to Bob . he nod thanks and raise the bottle to he lip when he be shove from behind -- Bob turn and see a enormous man stand behind he . the giant have a problem with Bob . bartender you be sittin’ in he seat . Bob think about it . do not want any trouble . he start to leave -- and get shove again . the enormous man glare down at Bob , but do not say anything . Hell , maybe he can not talk . bartender he want to make a example of you to warn other . the giant wrap he thick finger around Bob 's beer , take it from he , and toss the bottle over he shoulder . Bob watch he beer sail away ... the bottle rise into the air , and just when you think it 's go to fall back down , it keep rising . the beer tumble end - over - end through the cave like it 's never come back and bob ( surprised ) my beer -- the bartender spit into a dirty glass and casually explain . bartender right up there be the center of the asteroid . the center do not spin . the giant roll up he sleeve , get ready to pummel Bob -- bob no spin , no gravity , gotcha . the enormous man lunge and miss . Bob evade the blow and leap onto a table , from the table onto the giant 's back , launching himself in the AIR . Bob jump high above the tavern floor ... and never come down . everyone in the bar look up , see he , and cheer wildly as bob rise higher and higher -- he float through the cavern over the saloon , pleased with himself and he great escape . the enormous man watch Bob go , disappointed . he sit down . 19 . gradually everybody return to they drink or to the game . for Bob , realization set in -- bob uh-oh . Bob drift in the zero-gravity , starting to spin a little , unable to stop he slow tumble and with nothing to grab onto . female voice look like I get I a floater . Bob look around , the best he can . where do that come from ? bob who say that ? female voice I do . out of the deep dark shadow of the cavern , a figure emerge : klara moynlin be a strong - face woman , she hair pull back tight , sailing through the air . klara relax you body . bob what -- klara slam into bob and knock the wind out of he . they fly through the core together , one of she arm wrap around he , the other extend out in front of she like a lifeguard . Bob recover . hold she tight . klara have you ever be with a woman ? bob uh-huh -- klara then there 's no reason to hold on so tight . bob sorry . ( short pause ) I do not want you to think this be a rescue . 20 . klara do you have a plan for get down when you jump up here ? bob not exactly . klara then it 's a rescue . Bob turn he head , surprised but pleased to see he Beer floating by , sailing off in the other direction . he reach out and snatch the bottle . klara you should begin to feel a pull toward the ground -- suddenly Bob and klara land hard on the floor of the tavern . Bob take the brunt of the impact , with klara lie on top of he . they be surround by feet scurrying out of they way . Bob raise the bottle in he hand , and offer klara the beer : bob ( still in pain ) how about a drink ? klara look at the beer , like where the hell do he get that ? then she smile a little , grab the bottle , and twist off the cap . still sit astride Bob , she take a long drink -- Bob watch she , clearly impressed . she hand the beer back . klara see you around . bob hold on . what 's you name ? klara klara . Bob want to tell klara he name , but he can not get a word in : klara ( cont 'd ) you name be Tom , or johnny , or Bill . you grow up in the middle of nowhere and work in a factory . or be it a farm , or a mine ? it do not ( cont 'd ) 21 . klara ( cont 'd ) matter -- from the time you be a little boy you dream about run away from that godforsake town . then one day somebody die and leave you better off , or you rob a bank . suddenly you have more money than you could drink away with the guy or blow on the same old girl . and so you buy a one - way ticket to gateway ... the only place in the universe guarantee worse than the one you leave -- ( short pause ) how be I do ? Bob look at klara . every word just make he like she more . bob ( find one fault ) my name be Bob . klara I do not want to know you , Bob . bob why not ? klara people around here tend not to live long -- she start to get off , but Bob take she by the arm . there be something about he , a confidence , a spirit , that attract klara despite she best effort : bob do not I get a last wish ? curt to : int . macklen memorial -- night bob and klara stumble into a cave drink beer , laughing and hold each other , already well into they intoxication . the floor be cover in plexiglass to protect the message roughly scratch in the rock : '' sylvester macklen be here . '' they movement trigger a series of motion - activate screen . 22 . voice of gateway gateway be discover by sylvester macklen , a tunnel rat on venus , who find a operable heechee spacecraft in a dig , and get inside -- a hokey dramatization label '' re-enactment '' show sylvester macklen 's final moment . a square - jaw actor light a match and heroically toss the flame at he overturn fuel tank . voice of gateway unable to return to Earth -- and without food or water -- macklen signal the exact location of gateway by cleverly blow himself up ! Bob get interested in the show , and we hear the explosion , but klara pull he toward a display roped off from the rest . on the other side of the rope be a old , dusty heechee ship . voice of gateway the heechee vessel you see here be the actual ship macklen use to travel to gateway ! klara unhook the rope , but not before Bob trip and fall -- klara shhhhh ! they sneak to the ship , try to be quiet . klara struggle with the hatch until it give ... and they tumble in laughing . int . heechee ship -- night bob descend a strange - look ladder into the main cabin and immediately set he eye on the weird heechee control panel . a single v-shaped seat sit before a array of wheel and spoke , light and switch , a spiral coil and a diamond - shape black BOX . the control panel look both ancient and cut - edge futuristic -- a uniquely disturbing combination . see that control panel go a long way in sober Bob up . klara ( 0.s. ) have fun yet ? 23 . Bob turn as a upside - down klara poke she head through the ceiling . she disappear a second then drop down foot first . klara sip from she beer bottle as she talk , clearly tipsy , but still commanding attention : klara you see that vertical line of wheel with the little spoke stick out of they ? that 's the only thing on the control panel you can touch . toilet be over there . you will have a lot of fun with that , but it work ... you can sling you hammock and sleep here . that funny black box be the brain of the whole ship , but nobody know what 's inside -- do not ever get curious or bored and try to open it . bob why not ? klara because every time somebody do , it explode . Bob sit in the weird seat and look uncomfortable , like it just do not fit he behind -- bob what kind of ass do this heechee have ? klara that 's another mystery . klara take Bob 's hand and place it on one of that wheel . but then she do not remove she hand from he . Bob look pleased , but surprised . klara lean over he shoulder close : klara do not worry , no one 's ever be able to get this ship off the ground -- now try to turn the wheel . slowly they turn the strange alien wheel together . the panel dimly light up . it hum , gently . Bob and klara both smile , enjoy the close proximity . bob what 's next ? 24 . klara the wild blue yonder . bob and there 's no way to tell where you be go ? klara probably , if you be a hee - chee pilot a million year ago with training . all we human being have to wait until the bus stop ... then look out the window . bob this be a really great date . klara smile and sit on he lap . Bob pull she close , and they kiss , in no real hurry to separate they lip . when they do , klara grow serious . klara you just need to be brave for a second . one second while they shut the hatch . bob how many time have you -- klara dangle the half - dozen clinking bracelet on she wrist . klara one for each trip . never score big , but I do alright . tomorrow I cash in and sail back to Earth . bob why ? klara because , as hard as I try , I just can not find that one second of courage anymore . bob before I come here , all I do be survive . I just ... live . I need more than that , klara ... do not you ? klara look like she just do not know the answer any longer . 25 . suddenly the asteroid be violently rocked by a large impact . they hold one another to keep from fall , and alarm sound : bob that be no take - off -- klara it be a landing ! klara get up and run for the ladder . quickly , Bob follow . int . docking BAY -- night water be spraying from the wall and ceiling hit something very hot . bob and klara make they way through the steam . now the eerie shape of a crashed ship begin to form . Bob and klara be soak from the jet . they wipe they eye and try to see . find a hatch . Bob move to touch it but can not . the metal be still too hot . he look around . Bob run to a box and break the glass . pull out a strange metal rod . Bob and klara slip the rod into a socket on the surface of the vessel and use all of they combine strength to turn it . the hatch open . they go in -- int . crashed ship -- night bob and klara climb inside . the air be thick with smoke , and the interior demolish . they can not see much , move deeper : klara hello ! can you hear I -- be anybody alive ? insane voice go away ! Bob and klara turn to the sound . a crazy man charge out of the smoke , clothes filthy and tear , face hide behind a wild beard . he be aim a blaster . Bob move in front of klara . the man 's free hand be clench , like he 's hold something . something he do not want anybody else in the galaxy to see -- 26 . crazy man you can not have it . I find it , not you . it 's mine ! klara we want to help you . where 's the rest of the crew ? crazy man I do not know -- still on the planet ? they should be here already ... late , very late -- klara step into the open . the man train he weapon on she . klara you do not need the blaster . you be home now . crazy man stay away from I ! he look around , suddenly worried . Bob be go . lost in the smoke . the crazy man sense movement . see Bob behind he -- Bob knock the gun from he hand , and get a grip on the man . crazy man I find they . the alien -- I ’l1l cut you in , fella , fifty - fifty . they give I a map ! Bob look down as the man raise he clench fist and slowly open he finger to reveal ... nothing at all . a empty palm . the crazy man look down at he hand , as if it hold a great treasure , laughing insanely . Bob just let he go . the crazy man back away from they and he be abruptly struck by a tazer weapon . his body stiffen and shake , for one horrible second , then drop to the floor . a armed security team wear biological containment suit take control of the scene , lay glove hand on Bob and klara , and pull they out . int . the corridor -- night bob and klara rest against the rocky wall watch emergency crews run past . klara lean toward Bob . he pull she close . 27 . they stay like that a while . bob let 's ship out . tonight . klara take a second , like she could not have hear Bob right . now she pull away from he . bob you just need to be brave for a second . one second while they shut the hatch . and Bob hold out he hand -- bob ( cont ’d ) Hell , I can hold you hand that long . klara take a step back , and another , and another . finally she turn and run away down the tunnel . Bob watch she go . curt to : int . toward a door -- day a odd little man wear a pair of strap - on wing glide down the passage , really fly . shikitei bakin have no legs . but he do have a broom . strange reflective shard of alien metal litter the floor of the tunnel . shiky 's mechanize wing flutter as he work , sweeping the junk up into a pile -- bob round a corner determine to get somewhere . shiky stop work and fly along too : shiky this be you big day , stranger . you be go to see the launch captain -- go to blast off ? Bob look shiky over but never stop move toward the large door at the end of the hall . shiky ( cont ’d ) ah ... you have notice my wing . ran into a radiation storm on my last trip . emergency hatch slam shut while I be climb - ing back inside the ship . if you see a pair of leg float near the orion nebula , please tell they shiky say hello .... 28 . bob I 'il do that . shiky they say , shiky , just go home . on Earth I have be disabled ... but up here , in the low gravity , I be a beautiful butterfly , yes ? Bob can not help but like he . shiky ( cont ’d ) if you need a extra hand , it be true I would not be of much use in a lander . but in orbit , I be as good as anyone , maybe better . if you need a extra crewman , you will think of I ? Bob stop at the end of the tunnel . he look up at shiky and nod a little , ready to go in . Bob push through the door -- int . launch floor -- day take the trading floor of the New York stock Exchange , add the blink light and neon of Las Vegas , transport it to a cavern make by ancient alien ... and you get the launch floor . the grizzle launch captain stand atop he elevate platform gesture down at the scream prospector try to get he attention . huge colorful screen run list of OPEN mission . bob feel the excitement immediately . walk onto the floor -- the launch captain check the next card in he hand , and yell like a carnival barker : launch captain I have get a three here , folk , a three , return twice with its crew alive , more or less . who feel lucky today ? the crowd storm the dais and sheri spot Bob in the throng and look he over , remember he from the trip up here , and clearly , like what she see . sheri hi , bob. remember I ? it 's sheri ... 29 . Bob remember she all right . she have to talk over the noise . sheri I be take a five . it leave first thing in the morning ... I have get willa , jay and Barry . sheri lay a hand on he chest , she interest in he obvious -- sheri ( cont ’d ) it could be a long trip . I want the last crew member to be someone I be ... compatible with , if you get my meaning ? Bob catch a glimpse of klara across the room . or do he ? bob ( distract ) thanks , I x11 think about it -- more people block he view , and when they pass klara be gone , if she be ever there at all . Bob walk on and sheri watch he go , disappointed for a second . but then she spot someone else , and check he out . sheri hey , big fella ... launch captain ( 0.s. ) conner , fitz , and yakamora ! he straighten up , read the next card in he hand , and say : launch captain next up be a one -- that 's right , a one ... little or no chance of come back alive ...- perfect for the craze and / or suicidal ! even this crowd of filthy downtrodden prospector will not bite . launch captain ( feign surprise ) come on now , people ... you want to live forever ? Bob move toward the platform , still keep a look out for klara , then finally shrug it off to he eye play trick . he wait for the next launch . 30 . another prospector step up beside Bob and watch the screen . he be skinny , he clothes soile . on he last leg . prospector ( nervous ) I want that three , you see it up there ? Bob look at the man . then up at the board . see the entry . prospector ( cont ’d ) it 's armored . gotta be safe if it 's cover with armor , right ? gotta be ... what do you say , mister ? bob I say , any ship cover in armor be not goin’ anyplace I want to go . and Bob step closer to the dais , leave the prospector to think about it , he eye wide , like jesus , he save my life -- out in the center of the floor , the launch captain continue : launch captain I have get a five -- untested ship with a destination god know where ... experience lander pilot if you be lucky enough to find a planet , and four -- count ‘em , four - - spot still available ... you want to gamble big , and win big ? this be the mission for you . Bob listen to he speech . check the board . have a feel . the prospector rush forward yelling for the launch captain 's attention , hand in the air , with Bob right in among they and launch captain ( over the noise ) cahill , first spot be yours ! Bob push and shout with the best of they , but there be so many , he 's lose in the crowd -- launch captain you ! what 's you name again ? frauenglass , congratulation . take you pal , tayeh . 31 . he search the throng try to make he final decision , everyone wave and yell ... launch captain ( cont ’d ) I need one more . come on , talk to I , who want it ?! everybody try to push closer to the dais . a fight break out . Bob yell with the best of they , but it do no good . the launch captain pass over he , turn he back to Bob -- so it 's all the more surprising when he spin around yell : launch captain broadhead ! Bob be pleased , but dumbfounded . the launch captain nod to somebody on the floor . we find klara stand and watch -- klara Nice go , broadhead . I hear that ship have a good pilot . they walk together and leave the desperate , struggle crowd . bob so when do we leave ? klara countdown start in t-minus thirty minute , and you be go to do a hell of a lot more than hold my hand .... cur to : White letter and number print quickly across a dark screen . mission 29 - 140 vessel 331 , voyage 08d47 , Crew S. cahill , D. frauenglass , M. tayeh , K. moynlin , R. broadhead cur to : int . heechee ship -- space bob and klara make out , like two teenager in the back seat -- countdown ... ten ... nine ... EIGHT ... we pull back . they be strapped inside webbing for lift-off . 32 . countdown ... seven ... six ... five ... Bob and klara kiss like people who might be dead in a second . countdown ... four ... three ... two ... they pull apart and hold on . countdown ... one . the acceleration suddenly , violently hit Bob and klara , and they be swallow by they webbing to the roar of thruster . curt to : bob look like he 's go to lose the content of he stomach in the next few second . klara turn to he sympathetically . klara poor Bob . and we be just beginning . stare at the big control panel , SAM cahill cheerily offer : SAM fluctuate G force play havoc with you stomach -- dred frauenglass climb the ladder into the cabin . see bob. dred Ham , if you do not get out of that bathroom , we situation be go to become critical ! the bathroom open and mohammed tayeh step out . Bob lunge across the cabin slamming the door . Sam , dred and Ham laugh . cur to : bob sit on the weird heechee toilet . it 's a very tight fit . bob ( v.0 . ) this be Bob broadhead 's log . company want each of we to keep a record of we voyage so , for whatever it 's worth , here 's mine . this ship have never be out before .... ( cont 'd ) 33 . bob ( cont ’d ) that could be bad news for we , since no one have do any maintenance on this thing for hundred of thousand of year . we could end up with a clunker . on the other hand , it mean we probably have a full tank of gas , which be good , since nobody know what the fuel be , or where to put it , or how to tell when it 's about to run out . would it have kill the heechee to leave a manual lie around ? curt to : bob emerge from the bathroom . klara be the only one in the cabin , check out they equipment with a clipboard in hand . klara look like we be go straight toward galactic North . bob that good ? klara turn to he , and grin . klara who the hell know ? curt to : at one time or another , everyone in the crew stop to look at that strange coil on the control panel . they rest in they hammocks , eat gloopy - look meal , perform mundane house - hold chore and try to pretend they be not watch the coil . bob ( v.0 . ) when the big coil flicker , you have travel half the distance to wherever you be go . multiply the number of day you have be out by four , and that 's you total travel time . if it 's less than the number of day of life - support you have , then at least you know you will not be starve or suffocating to death ... 34 . the crew play poker . they peek over the card at that coil . bob ( v.0 . ) we ration will not support five people for more than 300 day . but they might support four , or three , or two , or one ... after the 75 - day mark most crew draw straw , or cut the card . the loser crawl in the freezer and hope the doc back on gateway have get better at thawing people out . they do not mention this on the recruiting poster . curt to : bob wrap he arm around klara , hold she close while she sleep . they be alone in the landing module . the hatch open fast and SAM call down -- SAM get up here ! curt to : bob and klara climb up into the main cabin . SAM , dred , and ham be stand together ... real tear of joy on they face . the coil be flickering . all throughout the spiral of glass , golden spark chase each other . klara jump into Bob 's arm and bob ( v.0 . ) the coil flicker ... with margin to spare . for now , that 's good enough . dissolve to : bob move into view , tired and dirty . time have passed . the ship make strange sound , and suddenly , Bob begin to float . he drift awkwardly for a second , then find a foothold and push off . klara meet he in mid-flight . they can not move quickly enough . SAM , dred , and ham join they at a porthole -- bob ( v.0 . ) a month later , I feel we drop out of warp . and just like klara say , we look out the window ... 35 . ext . a new planet -- space a enormous gas - giant several time the size of we own planet Jupiter block out the star . the gigantic sphere be make up of diagonal zone and belt of swirl color , storm large enough to engulf a hundred earths . a elaborate system of shimmer ring encircle the planet , and even closer , there be a strange batter and hostile - look moon . int . heechee ship -- space bob stare out through the porthole . he do not notice the strangely disappointed expression on the rest of the crew . one -by-one klara , SAM , dred , and ham push away from the porthole . finally Bob realize he 's alone , and turn around : bob what 's wrong ? ham ( lose it ) this whole trip 's a wash - out -- that 's what 's wrong ! klara we can not land on a gas-giant . Sam hover at the man-made instrumentation . take a read . SAM I read five more planet .... dred they be too far away . bob what about that moon ? SAM ( to Ham ) check it out . ham it do not look good . SAM I do not want you opinion -- ( calming himself ) I want you to check it out . Ham float to a station . Works the control . they all wait . 36 . ham code electromagnetic rad - iation ... negative . dred try anomalous time - variant temperature . maybe some - thing get warmer when the sun set . ham negative . High albedo sur - face metal ... also negative . what now , boss ? bob I be sorry , who do you mean ? dred oh shut up . Sam ? SAM klara be the lander pilot ... ( short pause ) ... it 's she call . everyone turn and look at klara . she stare at a image of the moon on the main display . bob I say we take a look at the far side of the moon . maybe there 's a whole heechee city wait for we -- ham that 's brilliant ... SAM we come a long way . I be not in a hurry to leave , be you ? dred and Ham do not look too optimistic , but signal agreement . now they all wait for klara -- klara Bob 's get a point . SAM Far side it be . anyone have anything inspiring to say ? Bob share a look with klara - - 37 . bob Moon or bust ? int . heechee lander -- space bob , klara , dred , and ham sit cramme together inside the landing module , make even more claustrophobic by the bulky spacesuits they wear . a few small porthole reveal the moon . klara ( into she mike ) approach terminus . talk to you later , Sam . the response crackle over the radio , break up , almost go : SAM 's voice be careful out -- and the communication cut off . klara keep you eye open , boy ... ext . above the moon -- space the garbage can-like heechee lander glide above the far side of this strange moon . the landscape be crater , as you might expect , but also badly fracture and strangely jumble . the crust of the moon crack and a giant geyser of blue- gray matter spray out into space -- int . heechee lander -- space klara fight the strange control as the geyser rise up in front of they . bob , dred , and ham react with startle look . ham this moon be geologically active . dred ya think ? and then there 's a ping . just a single ping . everyone turn and look at a small man-made , even primitive - look device . 38 . klara confirm that hit -- Bob be close . he reach a glove hand . press a button . bob scan again for heechee signature . second tick by . nothing happen . then they hear it : ping . klara son-of-a-bitch -- somebody find I a place to land ... ext . above the moon -- space the heechee lander descend to the surface . the gas - giant and its exotic formation of ring form a dramatic backdrop to the deep crater and jagged mountain of this unwelcome hellhole . the landing strut kick up cloud of moon dust and int . heechee lander -- space bob , dred , and ham be strapping blaster and a few piece of survival equipment to they spacesuit . klara watch they -- klara i’1l keep the engine run . as soon as dred and Ham turn around , klara pull Bob close . she touch she helmet to he , so she can talk without the com system and Bob can hear she real voice through the glass . klara ( cont 'd ) nothing fancy , one step at a time , okay ? cur to : ext . moon 's surface -- space bob take a step , and then another , and jump across a chasm perform a enormous leap : klara voice ( over the radio ) Bob ... Bob ... God - damn it , bob! 39 . Bob land with a smile and raise the scanner on he wrist . he turn he body all around until he hear a familiar ping -- dred and ham catch up to Bob , fatigue , shoot angry look . klara voice you should be right on top of it now . do you see anything ? bob just rock . the radio cut out . the moon shake . on the distant horizon another enormous blue- gray geyser burst out from the ground . on the surface you can really appreciate the enormous size of this thing , rise up into space , blow dust and debris in graceful arc for hundred of kilometer . it be gorgeous ! dred will you look at that ? and as Bob , dred , and Ham gaze up at the arching cloud of debris , they slowly realize it will come down on top of they . ham uh-oh . all three scramble to find shelter . Bob hurry underneath a rocky outcropping as the debris STORM hit , deadly rock of all size strike the moon with great impact , raise more dust . a impenetrable cloud . finally , the barrage stop .... Bob peek he head out . step into the cloud , but can not see . bob where be everybody ? I can not see a thing -- up ahead a shape form in the dust . Bob approach it . he see one of the guy , either dred or Ham , we can not tell , stand there with he back toward Bob . Bob walk up , with : bob ( cont ’d ) that be close ... you okay ? now we see the helmet visor be broken , shattered by a small rock , the jag open give we a clear view of dred 's face , he mouth open in a silent scream . he look dry and discolor . almost petrified . Bob stumble backwards leave dred stand there upright in he spacesuit , he arm reach out , freeze , a grim statue - - 40 . bob ( into he mike ) Dead , he 's dead -- Bob 's scanner release a ping . he look at he wrist . the thing be go crazy now , ping ping ping ping ping ping ping . the dust below he foot start to rotate and drain away , like a bizarre whirlpool . Bob begin to sink beneath the surface . bob we find it , klara ! it 's under the -- Bob be suck into the moon . his helmet go under , and then there be only one of he hand , reach up out of the ground briefly before it too be gone . the ping ping ping fade away ... until we hear nothing at all . int . tunnel -- moon bob emerge from a hole in the ceiling and land hard on the floor of a underground complex . he roll out of the pillar of sand stream down from the surface and get to he foot . bob hello , be anybody read I ? this be Bob , respond . there be no answer . just static . he start down the tunnel . bob ( cont ’d ) I be in some kind of under - ground complex . this place look like it 's be slowly go to hell over the last few hundred thousand year . the familiar heechee metal be cracked , and most passage be filling with sand and rock . bob this tunnel be definitely make by we miss alien . same luminous metal -- I can see okay ... suddenly a deep disturbing sound reverberate through the complex , as if the wall be moan , protest they fate -- bob ( cont 'd ) ..- but structural integrity may be a problem . 41 . he start down the tunnel . pass a insane- look room that be totally empty , as if it be stripped of its content . Bob look into another room , and another , all just as barren . bob look like they stripped the place clean before they leave . he turn around . it be darker here , more dirt come in , and Bob turn on he helmet light : the beam illuminate a heechee ship , shockingly close in the dark . Bob take a step back -- it appear to be damage . there be a OPEN panel on the hull expose the alien mechanism within . Bob shine he light . bob there 's a ship here . some obvious damage -- Bob start to move and he foot hit something . he look down and see a oddly - shape metal BOX rest on the floor . Bob get down on one knee . Studies it . he reach for the box . before he glove fingertip can make contact it open . Bob pull back he hand , fast . the interior of the box rise and fan out display over a dozen strange object within -- Bob reach for the close . gently lift it out . one end seem like a grip of sort , although clearly not make for human hand . the other end be bizarrely design but look like it might fit around something , perhaps unlock something ? bob I be hold a kind of weird screwdriver in my hand . it have a funny grip on one end , and a doohickey - thing on the other . klara , be you get - ting this ? we just hit the jackpot . how much will the company pay out for a com - plete set of alien tool ...? [ laugh .] and all because some poor , unlucky heechee break - down a million year -- Bob still have a smile on he face when he hear the loud pounding , follow by a mechanize whir , and now a big klang . 42 . you might say it sound like a heechee fix he spaceship . Bob dart to he foot . he do not know what to do with the weird screwdriver in he hand . quickly find a pouch for it . Bob pull out he blaster and the noise be come from the far side of the ship . he throw he back against the wall and start move toward the sound , hold he weapon at ready . the sweat pour down he face -- Bob shut he eye . just breathes . then charge forward and there be nothing here . on the far side of the ship a large hose be banging on the hull , a slow column of sand hit another expose panel , and make all kind of random sound . Bob holster he blaster . head back . he shake he head , like what be he think , as he reach down for the tool -- his glove hand find nothing . Bob look around , all around . that heechee toolbox be gone . bob ( into he mike ) I be not alone . I repeat , I be not alone down here ! suddenly Bob see a distorted shadow retreate down the hall , and take off after it . the entire complex rumble . Bob be throw off he foot and hit the wall hard . it hurt , but he stay upright . see the ceiling crack release dirt and rock into the tunnel and Bob maneuver through the underground complex as it continue to split open . not easy in a spacesuit . he look exhaust . Bob run around a corner , and stop in he track . for a split-second he light seem to illuminate a strange shape lost in a cloud of thick dust , then the passage give way and there be nothing that can be see but the moon pouring in and bob no -- Bob run toward the cave - in . thrusts he arm into the sand . bob ( cont ’d ) I 'il get you out , hold on , just hold on ! he try to reach deeper and 43 . bob ( cont ’d ) ( get angry ) I do not care what you be , you be not gonna die like this , you hear I ? Bob finally touch something , because he whole body tense , like holy crap , it 's in there ! Bob steel himself and pull -- bob I have get you ... I have get you ! Bob call forth all of he remain strength to pull the heechee to safety , he progress agonizingly slow ... but soon the dirt begins to shift , like something large be come out . Bob release a pain yell and he keep fight . almost there . we be so close to see a live breathe heechee and the ceiling above he crack -- Bob pull one final time , and he must get whatever it be out because he stumble backwards , sprawling on the floor just as the crack in the ceiling burst . a wall of sand and rock cut he off from the heechee , if that 's really what it be . Bob have no choice but to run -- klara voice ( very weak ) ... Bob ... come in , Bob ... please respond ... Bob open he mouth to respond , and something grab he shoulder . he spin around and find ham stare back at he . Ham do not bother say hello . immediately he attaches a small hook to Bob 's spacesuit . bob no , wait -- ham sorry . klara say you be leave now ! by the time Bob know what 's happen , he be rise through a shaft toward the surface and 44 , ext . moon 's surface -- space bob be lift to the surface by a rickety - look tripod hastily construct over a hole -- it swing Bob away from the open , and roughly deposit he back onto solid ground . klara voice if we do not get out of here we be go to be permanent resident ! since Bob go down all hell have break loose . geyser erupt in the distance . SMALL pocket of pressure collect under the surface until they burst release powerful column of steam . Bob stand up . look around . bob 's p.o.v . Far in the distance the lander look small and frail , the ground cracking , beginning to collapse around it -- bob get that ship off the moon . ham rise from the open , and look at Bob . be you nut ?! klara voice I be not leave you behind . bob we will never make it -- Ham and I will rendezvous with you in orbit . ham how the hell be we go to do that ?! Bob grow another crazy smile : bob do not worry , I get a idea ! a really bad idea ... and he run toward a small pocket of pressure building up under the ground . the surface begin to crack . Bob leap over the fissure as it burst . bob ride the column of steam . his face contort as he accelerate high above the surface and leave the moon behind . his radio sputter and cut out . the steam subside but Bob keep rise higher into orbit and ext . bob bob 's 45 . above the moon -- space float in orbit around the moon . he look groggy . weak . S p.o.v . through he fogge helmet visor , Bob see the retreate surface of the moon , then the great gas - giant loom ominously above , now the star , then the moon again -- for a brief moment we glimpse ham sailing away in the other direction . toward the planet . Bob mercifully pass out and gently he tumble through the silent , peaceful void of space . eventually , he open he eye : bob 's S p.o.v . Bob stare out at the star . and from that star a figure slowly emerge . klara float toward he , impossibly , without a suit on -- just as she be when Bob first see she -- fly to save he , a fearsome lovely angel . Bob the the int . bob look pleased to see she . immediately pass out again -- impossible image of klara fade away and be replace by less romantic sight of a long cable and a grappling hook . heechee lander -- space open he eye , groggily -- he be back inside the heechee lander . Bob look over and watch klara at the helm . they be still wear spacesuit : bob ( foggy ) hi , honey -- klara wrestle with the strange control , flying erratically . Bob klara hello , Bob . look leave and right . see that he 's the only passenger . bob where 's Ham ? klara bad trajectory . burn up in the atmosphere . 46 . bob something wrong with the ship ? klara have yet to look at Bob -- klara you could say that , yeah . Bob lean forward in he seat and slowly turn around to see . bob be p.o.v . the rear of the lander be gone , like a tin can rip open by a giant . a enormous hole reveal the star . various shipboard item be still hurling out into the void -- Bob turn around and face front again , waking up real quick . he hit the release on he harness and take the seat beside klara , grab the second joystick to help she fly straight : SAM 's voice you be come in too fast -- klara no shit ! ext . above the moon -- space the lander ram into the ship with great velocity . docking clamp automatically lock turn the two module back into one , but the exterior of the craft bend and rupture spewing gas and liquid out into space . the ship spin end - over -end -- cur to : int . the MAIN cabin -- space the interior of the ship be badly damage . bob , klara , and SAM sit around the small table watch each other nervously . bob ( v.0 . ) the docking damage we life - support system ... and with three remain crew member equally fond of breathe , we be go to run out of air . now we see the deck of card . bob ( v.0 . ) but two of we might make it -- klara pick up the deck . very thoroughly shuffles the card . 47 . klara deal one card to Sam , one to Bob , then one to herself . she turn hers over first . a good card , not great . Sam go next . so far he have the low card . Bob look at he card but do not reveal it . we search he face for some sign , a clue . curt to : int . the freezer -- space bob open the door revealing the icy claustrophobic interior of the strange heechee freezer . he share a look with klara . SAM stand some distance away : SAM I 'il give you guy a minute alone . sorry , Bob , but you know , better you than I ... Sam push off through the cabin . klara wait for he to go . klara what the hell be you do ? I deal you -- bob a high card , thanks , baby ... I have other plan . Bob reach in he pocket for that weird heechee screwdriver . klara what 's that ? bob I do not know . I guarantee nobody know . but if we hand it over to the company we will never see it again -- klara so you want to turn yourself into a popsicle ? Bob look excited . alive . and he have no intention of die : bob this be the big one , klara . the heechee be out there somewhere . and you and I ? we be go to find they ... 48 . Bob and klara continue to speak , desperately , hurriedly ; and suddenly they kiss , like it may be they last , as we listen -- bob ( v.0 . ) and so , my mission report be nearly finish . we lose two crewmen and I be set for cold storage . the ship be damage beyond we ability to repair . I see nothing unusual on the surface of the moon or during my time beneath the surface . ( short pause ) and no artifact be find . Bob slip foot - first into the freezer , hide the screwdriver in he jumpsuit , and cross he arm in front of he chest ..- like a corpse in a coffin . klara close the door . frost be forming on he face . Bob look around , he body shiver , and finally shut he eye : bob ( v.0 . ) this be R. broadhead , mission number 29-140 ... signing off -- dissolve to : int . gateway dock -- day a security team wear containment suit slip a familiar - look rod into the socket of a damaged ship . it open and int . heechee ship -- day the security team enter the craft . the interior be damp and dark . they walk around . SAM be unconscious on the floor . klara look at they , weakly -- security guy oh . you be alive -- we be wonder . he reach into the pocket of he containment suit , pull out a hundred dollar bill ... and hand it to the woman beside he . int . thru security -- day bob lie on a medical gurney be rush down the corridor - - 49 , he be several shade of blue and frozen stiff . klara rush to the stretcher try to see he . the security men grab she , but she do not go without a struggle , kick she leg : klara let I go . let I ... Bob ! the heavy -set nurse see earlier quickly wheel Bob through several short crazily - wind tunnel . they pass shiky . he turn about and flap he wing faster , keep up with they . shiky Bob . you do not take I on you mission . you say you would take I , Bob -- the nurse gesture with she arm , like she 's try to swat away a huge , irritate bug : nurse he can not hear you , now buzz off ! shiky stop chase they and just hang in the air , he wing flutter , watch Bob go . int . hospital room -- day bob lie on a high - tech hospital bed with hose stick out of he mouth and nose . warming pad have be place all over he body , he freeze clothes undisturbed . a web of wire stretch to the loud humming machinery around the bed . two doctor bend over he . one feel for he pulse , sort of optimistic . the other lift Bob 's eyelid and shine a light . doctor # 1 pulse be okay . you know , we might actually save this guy . doctor # 2 we save that guy last week -- doctor # 1 you mean the vegetable ? the doctor finish up for the moment and leave Bob all alone . the second pass . the machine hum . when he think enough time have pass , bob open he eye . he scan the hospital room , stare intensely at the ceiling directly overhead ..... 50 . int . debrief room -- day bob sit in a stark room with several warm towel wrap around he , a funny - look hot pad perch precariously atop he head , and a steaming cup of coffee cradle in he hand -- on the other end of this long table sit assistant director emma fother , no less impose in a one - on - one than she be earlier address the new arrival . she scan she note pad . emma and why do not you document you moon walk ? bob dred have the camera . he be dead . at the time , I do not think to take it . emma well Mr. broadhead , I think we have '' grill you '' enough -- ( short pause ) I trust you be feel well . she smile . Bob welcome it . bob I be very tired . emma of course you be . just one more question ... bob sure . emma where do you hide it ? bob Excuse I -- emma the artifact you acquire on the moon . where be it , you son-of - a-bitch ? he study she . she study he . neither one of they move . the tension grow and grow until Bob suddenly break out in a big smile , wag he finger at Emma , like , that be a good one , you really get I ! now they both laugh in relief -- 51 . bob you really have I go for a second there , Ms. fother ! emma Emma , please . bob all right ... emma ( explain ) you have to understand , not everyone appreciate what the gateway Corporation give the human race . New technology . New source of power . food . New world to live in . we have get a whole universe out here to discover , and bring home . Bob nod he head . of course . emma ( cont 'd ) not content to turn in they find and accept the generous bonus that await they , some people attempt to hide thing from we and pursue they own individual goal , for what they mistakenly believe will be great wealth and fame -- bob I can not understand that kind of think , Emma . emma I be glad , Bob . unless there be something else you have care to add to the record , I have say this debrief be conclude . bob great . so , I be free to go ? Emma hit a button on she desk and the door open behind he . Bob stand up . he do not see the security guard come in : emma on behalf of all of we , I would like to thank you again for you interest in gateway ... 52 . to Bob 's surprise , the security guard take hold of he arm . that pad fall off he head -- bob what be this ? Emma casually refer to she personal computer screen . type . emma as you know ... room and board on gateway be expensive , and you per capita run out the day you leave on mission 29 - 140 . I be afraid you be breathe air you can no longer afford . bob how about a job ? give I a job . I can work -- emma there be no position avail - able at the moment . bob ( struggle ) come on , talk to I ! let 's make a deal ... she deactivate the recorder . emma off the record , Bob , I do bend the rule for people who get result -- can you think of anything you may have forget to tell I ? they wait . Bob do not say anything ... and they drag he out . emma my man will escort you to the nearest airlock , where a ship be in final preparation for Earth departure . do be on it . Emma get back to work , forget about he , add by rote : emma ( cont 'd ) the gateway Corporation can not guarantee the availability of another shuttle to receive you . 53 . int . tunnel -- day klara try to look nonchalant pace the corridor outside the debrief room . the door open and bob emerge escort by that grim security guard . Bob and klara share a furtive glance before the guard take he arm and lead he away . klara can do nothing but follow . they pass a screen display a picture of bob with a really fake smile . it 's roughly animated , like he 's wave goodbye : voice of gateway gateway bid a fond farewell to Robert broadhead , leave we to pursue other interest . thanks for everything , Bob - - and good luck ! a motley crowd of people have stop at a rocky intersection form by two crossing tunnel . Bob and the guard stop like everyone else , and Bob look : bob be p.o.v . that unidentified flying object see earlier speed toward the intersection , a metal ball with bug arm ... everybody stand there bored , like pedestrian wait for a light to change . klara squeeze through to the front of the pack , close to Bob . they share a intense look . be you think what I be think ...? the ancient heechee object fly down the hall , so fast it 's hazardous , whirring madly and at the last possible instant Bob and klara run for the other side , barely make it across . the security guard follow they into the passage a second later and be struck by the sphere , lift off they foot , and throw into the wall . they slide to the floor out cold . the object continue on like nothing happen and disappear around the far corner . Bob and klara hurry into a elevator . int . elevator -- day the door shut . klara immediately turn to bob and put she hand all over he , as if try to make sure he 's all there . klara you be alive -- 54 . a second later she slap he : klara ( cont 'd ) that 's for make I worry ! Bob 's mouth begin to form a '' ow '' until klara pull he close and plant a kiss on he lip . this response he like . klara so what 's the plan ? bob the what ? klara the plan . you have a plan , right ? please tell I you have a plan . bob we go back where I stashed the screwdriver , avoid the guard , escape the asteroid , find the heechee wherever they be , have the great adventure in human history and live happily ever after . klara ( not convinced ) there be no plan , be there ? the tiny screen in the elevator play a informative cartoon . voice of gateway remember , if you encounter a collapse neutron star , run a full gravitational scan ... Bob and klara turn to the screen . see a cartoon ship with a scare face turn around and head back the way it come -- voice of gateway .-. and if you see a black hole -- run for you life ! int . hospital room -- day bob and klara sneak into he old hospital room . they foot pass a sign read '' caution ! '' we see a vacuum - shape robot mopping and waxing the floor . 55 . Bob leave a trail of footprint as he hurry across the room toward the hospital bed . klara you must have melt all over the floor . Bob step on the bed and jump toward the ceiling , grab a bar and hang there . he reach he hand up through a ceiling panel , and feel around for the heechee screwdriver -- Bob grow worried . he raise himself higher and stick he head into the narrow space between the man-made ceiling and the original jag wall of the asteroid . Bob look around . but there be nothing up here . int . medical tunnel -- day bob and klara step uncertainly from the room and lean against the wall . the passage be crowded with doctor , patient , and visitors rush around . a screen run DAILY classified ads : voice of gateway need to cry ? I can help you find you pain . phone 88-622 . klara ( reach ) be you sure this be where you hide it ? maybe ... Bob see someone in the crowd and straighten up , quickly come to attention , he eye zeroing in on dane metchnikov -- dane be involved in some no - doubt dubious negotiation with a wounded patient . he glance around nervously ... and see Bob . dane do a incriminate double - take , like Bob be the last person he want to see . suddenly , dane turn tail and run . int . gateway market -- day bob and klara pursue dane through a tunnel and out into a open market . it be total chaos . they push through the crowd try to keep pace with he ... but all too quickly Bob and klara find themselves separate , with dane nowhere in sight -- a seller hold a stack of book in he arm approach bob. 56 . bookseller '' everything you always want to know about the heechee '' -- that 's a book you gotta read ! Bob see security guard move he way . he turn he back to they , like he 's just a guy buy a book , hand over a bill and take he copy . quickly , the bookseller get lose . Bob pretend to read as the guard pass , thumbing through the book . all the page be blank . he drop the book , and suddenly spot klara trap in the crowd , gesture wildly . Bob see dane slip down a passage -- int . unexplored region -- day this passage be dark , the wall less luminescent , still cover in a thousand year of dust . bob and klara run into a empty tunnel . a small rock fall on Bob and they look up : dane be try to climb into what look like a ventilation shaft , he small leg kick wildly . Bob pull he down and dane whatever I do , I be innocent . Bob lift dane and turn he upside - down , shaking he to get everything out of he pocket . a whole pile of contraband good fall to the floor , cigarettes and nylon stocking , pill and chocolate bar , currency from countless nation and dane ( cont 'd ) just tell I what you want and I can get it -- cheap ! Bob turn he upright . he and klara share a uncertain look . klara if you do not do anything , why be you run away ? dane because you be chase I ! they hear the sound of approach footstep . Bob let he go , and dane scurries off down the passage . Bob and klara quickly duck out of view as security guard enter the tunnel . they watch the guard . the second pass . Bob do not notice something reach out for klara and pull her into the darkness . 57 . the security guard move closer . Bob see klara be go . he take a step into the dark and int . spherical chamber -- day bob enter the dark chamber , discover there be no step at all and drop . he roll down a slope and hit bottom . klara be already sit up , a bit dishevel and rub she head . male voice there be dark , musty place still untouched by human hand . until recently , when I begin my own expedition deeper into the asteroid , this be one of they . they hear a click and see professor hegramet stand beside a portable human- make light -- professor Professor hegramet ... at you service ! they be inside a large spherical chamber , wall perfectly round and smooth , a big ball . Bob and klara stand up . look . the rock be oddly reflective . klara be it ... a tomb ? professor the lack of adornment on the wall discourage the notion . and there be nothing hide within . bob maybe the alien take what - ever be in here with they . professor yes . but then why go to all the trouble of conceal a empty chamber ? klara and who be they hide it from ? other of they kind +.- 0rf we ? the Professor sit on the slope . pull out a pipe to smoke . 58 . professor I do not have the answer you seek , but I be certain all of this -- the ship , gateway , the artifact scattered across the star -- be here for a reason . bob ( jump on that ) what reason ? professor more prospector ship out day - by -day , but few return . what happen to the one who never come back ? do they simply die in the icy cold of space , or be there a more clandestine fate await they ? could this be a collection trap , the human race systematically capture by the heechee , and subject to obscene alien experiment -- Professor hegramet strike a match . stop to light he pipe . professor ( cont ’d ) on the other hand ... it might be a elaborate intelligence test . maybe the heechee have retreat to a distant corner of the galaxy , wait a millennia for a civilization smart enough to complete the ancient puzzle and find they ! the Professor take a long puff from the pipe , and conclude . professor ( cont ’d ) perhaps this once - great society simply die out long before we species crawle from the muck , and this be all what it appear to be : a old forget rock . klara why do you help we , professor ? professor be not that why we come here , my dear ? to test ourselves and find out what we be make of . then he grow a devilish grin : 59 . professor ( cont ’d ) besides ... if you be run from the guard , one can assume you mission produce interesting result . Bob and klara share a look and quickly agree , let 's tell he . bob we call it a screwdriver ... professor ah . and where be this screw - driver now ? bob I do not know . but I see something out there , something alive . and I touch it . professor indeed . klara you believe we ? professor consider the likelihood of we miss alien , so meticulous in clean up after themselves ..- leave tool lie around . Bob and klara have not consider that . the professor smoke . professor ( cont ’d ) you be out there look for the heechee , but they may have find you . curt to : int . unexplored region -- day bob , klara , and professor hegramet struggle to slide a rocky door back into place . it 's not easy . when it finally close the wall appear solid , the spherical room completely hide . the professor be the first to turn around and see something -- professor oh , bugger . Bob spin around and take down the first security guard with he old reliable punch in the jaw . another guard run up and Bob throw he into the wall -- where klara finish he off . 60 . the next guard lunge . Bob block the blow and take he out . he share a relieved look with klara and the Professor . a split-second later all three of they be struck by atazer -- they body stiffen and shake ... and then drop to the floor . more security guard run over . int . a tunnel -- day bob hang limply from the arm of the security guard as they move he through the tunnel . he start to come around when they change direction and drag he backwards into a airlock . int . airlock -- day the security guard unceremoniously deposit bob on the floor , and quickly walk back out again . the inner door slide shut . Bob struggle to stand . the airlock be claustrophobic , dark , and ominous . he turn toward the outer door and see star . Bob pound on the thick glass : bob hey , there 's no ship here . where 's the ship to Earth ? the grin face of a security guard appear in the window -- security guard it leave 5 minute ago . so long , sucker ! the guard leave . Bob pound on the glass until the light turn red . the alarm sound -- a tiny screen inside the airlock display a RELIGIOUS symbol . voice of gateway stare death in the face ? join the Church of the heechee ... it 's later than you think ! Bob wait for the inevitable . the outer door open and with a brief deafen burst he be violently blown out . his body hurl toward the distant star . 61 . ext . into the void -- space bob tumble helplessly into space ... and suddenly stop , as if catch by a invisible hand . int . worker 's pod -- space bob look surprised as powerful jets of AIR blow in he face . there be the sound of a hatch close , light come on , and we see Bob be tangle in webbing -- ext . worker 's pod -- space a common maintenance pod hover in space some distance from the asteroid and the small airlock door Bob just blow out of . int . worker 's pod -- space bob open he mouth and desperately breathes as the cargo bin repressurize . normal skin color slowly return to he face . soon a pod door slide open and emma fother enter the cabin . she wear space shoe that enable she to stick to the floor , as long as she walk precisely , each step accompany by that annoying velcro ripping sound -- Bob turn he head and follow she progress across the pod , like he can not believe this . Emma speak into a miniscule headset . ignoring he for now : emma no , cancel that , reschedule for next week , and hold all call . she glance at Bob for the first time . not happy to see he . emma ( cont 'd ) my twelve o'clock be here -- Emma pull off the headset . take a seat . a velcro pad on her buttocks enable she to remain in place without float . emma thanks to you , my whole day be ruin . 62. Bob lie tangle in the webbing like food for a giant spider . he grow suddenly furious and : bob cram it , lady ! emma oh do not be a baby . bob you almost kill I -- emma the gateway Corporation have authorize I to speak with you in private . bob what do we have to talk about ? emma you go back to Terminal Hospital . bob do i? emma you leave you footprint on the floor . bob so I be there ... so what ? emma imagine what it could mean , Bob -- a genuine heechee tool could mean a way to open the drive mechanism in they starship , without blow everything up . a tool could mean find out how the drive work and building we own . a tool could mean almost anything . bob ( push she ) sound real valuable . emma yes . do you have it ? 63 . bob no . Emma rise from she seat accompany by a giant ripping sound from the velco pad on she ass . bob ( cont ’d ) but I know who do . she sit back down and think . emma a colossal bluff -- bob make I a deal and find out . emma the deal will be as follow : you will recover the object and bring it to I . if the artifact be valuable you can expect a reasonable bonus ... minus any and all expense incur by the company as a result of you subterfuge . if you fail to recover the item , or do not hand it over to I immediately upon its recovery , you will be blow out a airlock -- only this time , there will not be anyone here to catch you . ( short pause ) be the term satisfactory ? Bob do not really think so , but be in no position to dicker . cur to : int . corridor -- day bob and emma fother step out of the airlock into a tunnel . klara be already stand there , watch by a security guard . as soon as Emma get in range klara cock back she arm to sock she in the jaw . the guard grab she wrist and stop it . emma strike a corporate officer be prohibit by sub-section two , paragraph seven of you memorandum of agreement -- 64 . that just make klara want to punch she more . she lunge at Emma again and the guard struggle to hold on , place he hand on she mouth to muffle a string of intend obscenity . Emma turn and hurry off -- the guard let klara loose . Bob immediately take she arm , and lead she the other way : bob come on . klara where be we go ? bob to see a guy . klara what guy ? bob the only guy who do not leave footprint . int . litter tunnel -- day shiky brandish he broom sweeping shard of heechee metal into a pile , as we see he do before , wing flap happily . he look up and find bob and klara stand in the tunnel watch . shiky do not try to escape , but immediately look guilty , wing not so perky -- shiky you say you would take I , Bob , but you do not mean it -+. just like all the rest . shiky lower he head like a little boy , and slowly come up with the heechee screwdriver . he raise he arm toward they . shiky ( cont ’d ) please , forgive I , Bob ... int . another passage -- day bob and klara walk through the tunnel with the screwdriver . they do not make it far before a group of security guard step 65 . into view , block the passage ahead . Bob and klara stop , like they know this be the end of the line , they be finish : klara I guess we be luckier than most -- we ship out and live to tell about it . bob it 's not enough , klara . klara it 's never enough . come on . let 's give they the screwdriver , cash we check ... and go get drunk . she look at Bob . see the look in he eye . and she know : klara ( cont 'd ) aw , nut -- Bob grab she hand and they run down a branching tunnel . the security guard give chase and int . maintenance tunnel -- day bob and klara run into a passage line with man -made locker and equipment . they duck out of view and hope for the best -- the security guard follow they a few second later , quickly look around , guess incorrectly , and charge off again . Far down the tunnel we glimpse more security guard search and klara this be hopeless . I know you want to find the heechee . I too -- but there 's no way off this asteroid . bob maybe one way . Bob wrap he arm around she waist , and pull klara close , lay a old - fashioned kiss on she lip . she be surprised -- klara what be that for ? bob I have get another really bad idea . do not be mad . 66 . Bob push she backwards into one of the locker lining the tunnel . he shut the door and lock it before she face can fully register what 's go on . klara begin to pound on it , and Bob hurry down the tunnel . klara ( 0.s. ) open this door . what be you do ? let I out ! you come back here , Bob -- int . launch floor -- night the room be dark and desert , shut - down for the day . the grizzle launch captain be asleep in he chair on top of the high platform ... and he snore . bob ( 0.s. ) I want to ship out . the launch captain jerk awake . see bob . check a screen -- launch captain broadhead ... you be on the no-fly list . bob you can let I take a '' one , '' can not you ? the rule say anybody can ship out on a one -- anytime they want to , right ? launch captain yeah ... but that 's because single - man ship usually do not , you know , come back . Bob raise he complete information form , and slap it down . bob I will take it . curt to : White letter and number print quickly across a dark screen . mission 31-505 vessel 118 , voyage 0108201 , Crew R. broadhead curt to : 67 . int . one -man ship -- space bob sit inside a claustrophobic metal cylinder , a cluttere alien garbage can , completely alone and with no room to move . bob ( v.0 . ) this be Bob broadhead 's log -- I be racing through warp space never to be see again ... if you believe that sorta thing . now we realize Bob be stare at the strange black drive BOX . bob ( v.0 . ) the drive box have be open before by a curious , desperate , or just plain crazy few who do not live long enough to see inside . of course they do not have my heechee screwdriver ... he pull out the alien screwdriver . just stare at the box -- bob ( v.0 . ) still , if anybody ever play this back , I 'il warn you up front : the next thing you hear may be a really big ka - boom . dissolve to : Bob study the box . he be tired and cover in sweat , with some stubble on he face . several day have pass at least . bob ( v.0 . ) I study the box for day ' till I be sure I know how it open . Bob make he decision . he touch the screwdriver to one spot and a ENERGY discharge throws he back into a bulkhead . he slump to the floor , curl in a ball , knock out cold ... dissolve to : by now , Bob be definitely on he way toward growing a beard -- he study the weird alien box . suddenly Bob try again , approach the problem from a new perspective . he ease the screwdriver into a small recess , and wiggle it around a little . 68 . a small point of light mysteriously appear over the box . as Bob watch in surprise , the point draw a shape in the air , and inside the shape a image abruptly appear . it must be a alien communication system , some kind of ancient heechee television screen materialize suddenly out of nothingness -- Bob stare at the picture . can not make it out . it 's like a close - up of some strange bump ... and maybe a few weird hair ? then the thing on the screen turn around and Bob see a alien eyeball staring back at he . we see it blink once , but not like any human eye blink . for a brief moment Bob watch the eye watch he -- and then the ship fill with a horrible noise . could this be the heechee language ?! as if the alien be scream in anger and suddenly the eyeball be gone . the strange screen in the air fizzle out and Bob be alone -- bob ( v.0 . ) maybe I find a recording , a message from a million year ago . yeah , right . or maybe I just phone the heechee -- and they hang up on I . be that alien for '' hi , how be ya ? '' , or '' go away ? '' either be the case , I guess they know I be out here . good ... because I be not goin 's away -- dissolve to : Bob sport a full dirty beard and lie curl on the floor , stare up at the drive box as he absently tap he alien screwdriver against the metal of the ship . we listen to the constant madden ktang ... ktang ... ktang -- and slowly , Bob entertain a new possibility . he look down at he strange tool as he keep tapping the floor : ktang ... ktang ... ktang ... dissolve to : Bob stand face the box . suddenly he rush wildly forward and raise the screwdriver high in the air , hold it like a ice pick and bring it down hard , strike the drive and Bob look at he hand . the screwdriver be vibrate madly and it hurt , he arm shaking . it 's not a screwdriver at all but a heechee tuning fork , releasing a high - pitched whine and the diamond shape drive respond fast , open like a puzzle BOX , the light within bathing the interior in a eerie glow -- 69 . Bob watch in genuine wonder as a important - look control button rise up out of the box . bob ( gird himself ) well , here go nothin 's ... Bob hit the button and the ship change course , lurching out of control . he find a hand -hold and hang on for dear life . dissolve to : Bob sleep curl on the floor . slowly he float in the air . Bob wake excitedly and pull himself to the equipment , flipping a switch . he check the scratch he make to count : bob it 's Day 51 . the ship have drop out of warp ! suddenly there be a loud doom , like something outside just make contact with the hull , and the entire ship tilt and shake . Bob check he primitive scanner and hear the ping . bob ( cont ’d ) there 's something outside . I think I be be tow -- the scanner be pick up pure heechee metal , off the chart , something huge . ominous sound continue to reverberate through the bulkhead into the ship , like the eerie haunt hear in a submarine . there be a thud and Bob drop to the floor . gravity 's back -- bob the ship have stop .... I have land . be this the homeworld of the alien ? there be more sound , elusive , always move -- creature gathering outside the ship . there be a bang at the hatch and bob they be at the hatch . 1/11 keep recording as long as I can ... they be come in -- the hatch begin to OPEN and : bob ( cont ’d ) ( to the heechee ) take I to you leader ! 70 . a familiar gateway security team stare down at Bob from inside they protective suit . rude guy whatever , dick -head . curt to : int . debrief room -- day bob slump on one side of the table , with he filthy beard and tear clothes . emma fother scan the single - page report -- emma so let I get this straight : you go absolutely nowhere . bob where 's klara ? emma who ? oh , yes ... klara . she leave for Earth , week ago -- you take off in a one , Bob , do you think she be go to spend the rest of she life wait for you to no - show ? she do throw you a party ... sort of a memorial service . bob how be it ? emma I do not attend . bob why do not you just do what - ever it be you be go to do to I . emma do to you , Bob ? I be sure I do not know what you mean ... Emma open a folder . take out a check . slide it across the table toward he and say : emma ( cont 'd ) the company have authorize I to award you a five thousand dollar science bonus for com - ing back alive . 71 . Bob be surprised . he pick up the check . just stare at it . now Emma reach back into she folder and pull out a work assignment . slide it to Bob . emma I have also be authorize to give you a work assignment . the pay be good enough to cover you continue room and board here on gateway . bob you must be piss . Emma do not respond right away . she turn off the recorder . emma I be not upset , Bob . would you like to know why ? bob I do not think so , no . emma you take you shot at the big time , and miss . bob just wait , on the next trip -- emma a thousand man and woman have come here , like you , with the arrogant presumption they can rock the universe . the lucky one die in space -- the rest slowly waste away on this asteroid , still talk about the next trip . they stare one another down . two security guard enter , and : bob be we do ? emma oh , one more thing .... Emma open up she drawer , take out that heechee screwdriver , and toss it across the table like it 's just worthless junk . emma ( cont 'd ) you can have this back . 72 . he take the tool . confused . emma last month , a crew return with a dozen . a week after that , another ship bring back a whole crate -- we have get so many of this damned thing they be go on sale in the gift shop downstairs . she look over at the guard : emma ( cont 'd ) see that he get clean up , then issue he a broom , and put he to work . int . corridor -- day bob walk listlessly through the tunnel in he filthy beard and tear clothes , accompany by the security guard . now shiky fly alongside , flap he wing and smile at Bob . shiky Bob , we all have a good time at you '' Bob be dead '' party . shiky have a hard time keep pace in the thicken crowd , and start fall behind -- shiky ( cont ’d ) when it be time to ship out again , do not forget I . in orbit I be as good as anybody ! if you need a crewman , you will think of I , yes , Bob ? Bob do not say anything . just let the guard lead he by the arm . a screen run photograph of clothes and odd junk : voice of gateway attention , attention ... we public auction of personal effect of non-returnee be a enormous success -- a big thanks to all who attend ! ( short pause ) in a related topic , would whoever have Bob broadhead 's thing please return they ? 73. there be a sudden blockage in the tunnel , dozen of people gather around to see . one of the security guard lean close to a man in the crowd : security guard what 's up ? man in crowd ship come in ... once -in - a - lifetime score . security guard no kid . man in crowd found another asteroid just like this one . they be call it '' gateway two '' .... fifty million dollar bonus , plus royalty on every dollar the new gateway earn for the rest of they life . security guard here they come -- everybody move back against the wall as medical personnel rush past with stretcher carry the unconscious crew of the lucky ship . they look weak and dehydrated . almost dead . we do not recognize anyone until the very last gurney roll by hold sheri . her eye lock on Bob , and she smile , weakly : sheri ( semi-conscious ) ..- hiya , Bob ... Bob watch sheri roll away . security guard you know she ? bob ( remember ) yeah . she ask I to go along . I say no . the two security guard share a look . can not help but laugh . they slap Bob on the back ... security guard what a chump ! 74 . int . unexplored region -- day bob be shave and wear a new jumpsuit , but look no less downtrodden , push he broom . he sweep up that weird metal shard littering the asteroid . Bob stop work . something be bother he . he sit on top of he pile of junk and reach into he pocket . take out the heechee screwdriver .... Bob stare at it with a raw mix of emotion . finally anger win over the rest and he throw the thing across the tunnel . it hit the wall with a loud ktang , and fall to the floor . Bob walk over . pick it up -- the screwdriver be vibrate in he hand , like it do before . Bob do not see it , but behind he that strange reflective shard he have be sweeping be suspended in the AIR , hang there , jag piece of metal float high above the floor -- Bob stick the screwdriver back in he pocket . like he can not stand it anymore . just want to pretend nothing happen and Bob turn around . he do not notice anything out of the ordinary , because now the metal be back on the floor where it should be . Bob keep sweeping . soon he be push from behind -- Bob turn around to see that enormous man from the tavern who want to fight over the stool . bob oh , great . now dane metchnikov step out from behind the giant , look and sounding brave than usual : dane howzitgoin 's , Bob ? my giant friend here be lookin’ for you . I hope you do not mind , I happen to mention that you be a broom jockey now . bob I be busy -- Bob try to return to he sweeping , but the enormous man take the broom away , crack it in half like a twig and give 75 . it back . Bob look at the break handle , like he know there be no way out of this fight ... he drop the broom , turn to the giant , and sock he in the gut . the blow have no effect , and Bob prepare for the worst . dane he want I to tell you it 's nothing personal , but he have a reputation to keep . when this be all over he have like to buy you a drink , as soon as you be able to swallow again . the enormous man cock back he big arm , throw a punch , and hit metal . the giant yell out and stumble back . in pain . bob be encased in alien armor . the strange shrapnel littering the tunnel be rise from the floor and assemble around he , the jag piece fitting together , like a crazy puzzle . Bob turn around and around , try to get it off , swatting at the shard , a hopeless battle against a tornado of metal -- dane watch the last shard circle around Bob until the shape find they match spot and slip into place , cover Bob from head - to - toe . the shard reflect light like a hundred blinding mirror and dane back away , try to shield he face and fall down . the giant turn and run away . Bob 's surprised eye stare out from two narrow slit in the armor . he look down at he body the best he can , raise he arm and stare at he hand , encase in heechee metal -- dane wow -- how do you do that ? can you breathe in there ? hey , we be partner on this , right , Bob -o ? fifty -fifty . do not try to move , do not do anything , stay right there . there be a familiar sound behind they , a furious whirring and that unidentified flying object continually navigate the tunnel of gateway round the corner -- and head right for bob , a metal ball with bug arm , fly closer and closer and dane ( cont 'd ) on second think run away ! 76 . Bob turn and run the other way down the corridor , lumber like a medieval knight , with the metal ball in close pursuit . a stunne dane watch he go . Bob look back over he shoulder , try to pump he heavy leg . he 's not fast enough . it reach he and attaches to bob like a alien jet-pack and he be lift off he foot . bob fly through the tunnel out of control , faster and faster . bob 's p.o.v . he turn a corner , and another , wind he way deeper into the asteroid until he run out of space . Bob speed toward the dead end and int . spherical chamber -- day the wall open up and bob fly into the hide spherical chamber discover earlier , wall perfectly round and smooth . professor hegramet be inside the room , with a SMALL tool in he hand , examine the interior . he look up , dumbfounded -- Bob fly into the middle of the chamber , suspend in the exact center of the sphere . immediately the armor activate : the wall of the sphere fill with star , constellation and galaxies , planet and moons , sun and nebula . Bob look like he 's float in outer space with the great mystery of the universe all around he ... his armor be full of star too , a alien imaging system , and as Bob struggle and fight the picture on the wall change . Professor hegramet can not believe it . he look around , all around , as the wonder of the cosmos dance across the sphere : professor it 's a map . a map ! Bob float in the center of the chamber , get the hang of it now , no longer scared . he begin to manipulate he body more judiciously , move he arm and leg in gentle arc , spin slowly , beautifully -- dane force open the door . look in . see what 's happen . Bob watch the star shift and change , each stun vista replace by a equally exotic view , alien , breathtaking ... and suddenly the map stop . 77 . Bob stare at a specific STAR formation freeze before he and abruptly the image disappear . bob fall to the ground , and when he hit , the armor shatter into a hundred jag piece -- Professor hegramet run over . dane scramble down the slope . by the time they reach Bob , he be lie flat on he back but okay , laughing like a maniac - - professor help he ... they get on either side of Bob and lift he up onto he foot . all three man share a look . Bob can not wipe the smile off he face . it grow infectious . soon all three be smile wide . professor Robert , you may have just find the location of the miss heechee . dane grow a sneaky look and start to back away . Bob grab he shirt and pull he close : bob you be not goin 's anywhere unless I say it 's okay -- we be partner , remember ? they look up as shiky tentatively fly into the chamber . he be hold Bob 's break broom . shiky Bob , you broom have be vandalize . be you okay ? what 's go on ? Bob throw a glance at the Professor , who nod yes , tell he . bob forget the broom , shiky -- we be go . shiky go where ? Bob think about it some more and can not help but laugh again . bob to the star . to the star ! 78 . int . SMALL booth -- day a scratchy mission report play on a dirty screen . the crew member in front of the camera be tired , barely able to speak : crewman we drop out of warp into a transpolar orbit . Planet have three detectable satellite -- six other planet infer by computer logic ... as he speak the central image be surround by picture of the planet they find -- plus shot of the surrounding star . crewman ( cont ’d ) scan locate a heechee space station in orbit . attempt to enter fail ... Nina and Jim be kill in the explosion . vessel damage . no artifact secure . biotic sample from Planet destroy in damage to -- bob sit inside a small dark booth watch the specific star formation . it look like he 's be do this a long time . bob ( voice command ) next . a mission number flash briefly . now the face of a female crew member appear . she 's be cry , she tear dry now . female crewman this be we 281st day . sunnyi lose the first draw ... and axel volunteer 40 day later . I be put everything on full automatic and take the pill . we all write letter . please forward as address , if this goddamn ship ever get back -- bob next . a mission number flash briefly . then the nervous face of a male crew leader appear and : crew leader we radar can not penetrate the cloud of dust and vapor . 79 . picture of the planet appear , and then a sequence of STAR formation . Bob rub he eye hard and try to concentrate . crew leader ( cont ’d ) otherwise we be '' go '' for a landing . I be a little worried about the spot on the sun -- even Bob be get depressed . bob next . curt to : int . shiky 's quarter -- day bob step inside and the door close behind he . this room be considerably larger than Bob 's closet , but still cramped for three people . professor hegramet sit at a table behind a stack of book , scan the page of another thick volume . shiky flutter across the room with he own book . his wing flap slower and he body lower until the collar of he shirt catch on a hook . he hang -- shiky ( hopeful ) any luck , Bob ? Bob just shake he head . no. professor patience , my boy -- the star do not hide from we ... they twinkle in the sky for all to see , if you know where to look . bob maybe what we be look for do not exist anymore . thing change in a million year ... professor if the heechee want to leave a map for the next intelligent species that would follow they into space , surely they would compensate for galactic drift -- the door slide open again . this time dane stumble inside , like he 's run a long distance . 80 . dane something 's happen ! int . community hall -- day several dozen prospector partly fill a large room that could hold a great deal more . none of they look particularly happy to be here . a grizzle flight director stand at the head of the assembly , ready to get start , when he see more enter -- bob , shiky , professor hegramet , and dane slip into the room , like kid late for math class . flight director okay . grab a seat . l let 's get start . most of you be here by invitation ... ( look they way ) ... with one or two exception . Bob and the other take seat . flight director you all know we distinguished friend , Bob broadhead . if you do not , he 's the guy who open a drive box , and spend two month in warp go nowhere -- a number of people clap and cheer with derision . Bob wave halfheartedly at he faux fan . flight director ( cont ’d ) what none of you know be that the color on he control panel be not the regular course setting for gateway ; and when the computer compare they , it come up with a whole new concept of heechee navigation . everyone immediately quiet , try to catch up . do we just hear what we think we hear ...? flight director for the first time , we believe we can pick a destination , set course , and go there . the prospector mutter to one another . Bob , shiky , Professor hegramet and dane share a look . 81 . flight director this mission be simple . we be send out a dozen ship to a dozen different coordinate to see who get where they be sup - pose to be go ... if anyone . every crew member on any ship that successfully reach its target destination will receive a twenty thousand dollar bonus . the flight director hit a remote . a far galaxy appear on the screen directly behind he . flight director ( cont ’d ) andromeda , anyone ? a smatter of hand go up . not as many as you have think . the Flight director scan the crowd and quickly choose one -- flight director thanks , Joe , you and you crew . he make a note of it on he clipboard , and hit the remote . a close - up of a STAR appear -- flight director xi pegasi A. more hand go up . the Flight director lock eye on one . in the crowd we see Bob and Professor hegramet whisper to one another . shiky and dane as well . none of they be pay attention to the next picture : it be the STAR formation they see on the wall of that sphere . flight director all right , next up be ... Bob casually glance , see the screen , and bolt to he foot : bob ( yell ) I 'il take it ! everyone turn around and look . the Professor reach out to Bob , but stop himself , not want to give anything away . professor easy , Robert . flight director do you have a crew , broadhead ? 82 . bob you be lookin’ at ‘em . Professor hegramet , shiky , and dane straighten up , and try to look they best . do not quite work for the Flight director . flight director uh-huh . ( short pause ) I do not think so . bob why not ? flight director lot of reason . you want I to pick one ? bob yeah -- flight director you do not have a experience pilot . female voice oh hell , I 'il fly the ship ... everyone turn around to see klara lean against the door , like she 's be here a while -- Bob smile big , surprised to see she . she give he a little back , just enough of a glance , keep she focus on the flummox flight director , who do not really like surprise . flight director the lady can not stay away . ( fight it ) all right . Bob broadhead and he crew go to ... the Flight director seem uncertain . finally he just turn around and look at the screen . flight director ( cont ’d ) what be that -- who the hell pick this one ? he check he clipboard . nod . flight director ... Zeta tauri . 83 . cur to : White letter and number print quickly across a dark screen . mission 36 -107 vessel 545 , voyage 020t141 , Crew R. broadhead , K. moynlin , A. hegramet , S. bakin , D. mechnikov curt to : int . heechee ship -- space bob , klara , professor hegramet , shiky , and dane fill the alien cabin with laughter , toss one another can of Beer -- bob ( v.0 . ) this be Bob broadhead 's log . I do not think any of we have ever be happier . the case of beer we snuck on board in the arm and leg of we spacesuit go fast , but the crew have be riding a buzz since lift-off . curt to : shiky fly through the cabin perform a variety of routine ship task . he move effortlessly and with surprising grace . bob ( v.0 . ) good ol 's shiky , who seem so ridiculous back on gateway , have find a dignity in space the rest of we can never hope to match . when we drop out of warp and hit the zero-g , he wing come off , and then we will really see what he can do .... cur to : the professor look year young as he work a tiny scanner . bob ( v.0 . ) the Professor be live the adventure he 's spend he life read and write about -- he like he work and giggle . bob ( v.0 . ) he giggle like a school girl , but will not admit it . 84 . bob casually walk past . immediately , the Professor bellow : professor that be not a giggle ! curt to : dane sit in the lander stare out the porthole at the dark starless warp space outside . he write with pen and paper . bob sneak up behind he and bob ( v.0 . ) I find dane write poetry -- his word be descriptive ... maybe even beautiful . when he ask I I tell he they stink . now we see Bob come back to peek at they again . and again . bob ( v.0 . ) but he catch I come back for more , and know I be lyin’ . cur to : in the lander bob and klara lie wrap in each other 's arm . bob ( v.0 . ) klara never make it to Earth . she hop off at a refueling station , and hitched back to gateway on a cargo freighter . klara thanks , broadhead . bob for what ? klara I have a lot of thing , but never a crazy dream before ... what 's the point ? if you do not have anyone to share it with . she sound almost surprised . Bob do not say anything , just hold she close , and soon enough they be both soundly asleep . bob ( v.0 . ) we fall asleep , and in my dream , none of this seem crazy at all . 85 . curt to : int . heechee ship -- dream bob wake up and look around . the ship be empty . he walk slowly toward that porthole -- bob ( v.0 . ) I wake up and find the ship empty . but I know when I look out the window I 'il see exactly what I be suppose to see , what every step have bring I closer to see , and when I do , there will not be any doubt leave that all of this have mean something -- we , the heechee , gateway - - and the universe will never feel cold or lonely again . Bob touch he hand to the glass . the light be blind and klara 's voice bob? bob. Bob ! cur to : int . heechee ship -- space bob wake up . klara feel something . now he sense it too -- bob we be stop . the zero -g kick in . Bob and klara float up off the floor and smile at each other , push themselves toward the hatch . they enter the main cabin and shiky be take off he wing , fly without they for the first time . he glide toward Bob and embrace he , ecstatic . shiky look at I , Bob . no wing ! professor hegramet hang onto the bulkhead , like it 's finally sink in . Bob go to he . professor I think we make it -- bob c’mon , professor , let 's go take a look , huh ? 86 . he just nod back , and follow bob. dane be at the control : dane start spherical scan ... rotate ship now -- Bob and the other gather around the window . not much to see just yet . it look unfocused . bob the star be blurry . klara ( not like that ) turn on the radio . dane why ? klara just turn it on -- dane hit a switch . the cabin fill with ear - piercing noise . suddenly the ship rock wildly . everybody fight to hold on : shiky gravity wave ! Bob see something out the porthole and push himself back away from the glass , cover he eye , like it hurt to see . he float through the cabin ... bob ( v.0 . ) I see something that be not a star , and not a galaxy ... it hurt the eye , but be not bright . the hurt be far up the optic track ... the pain be in the brain itself . no one else can stay at the window either . but dane see it on the screen , and can not turn away . transfix with terror -- dane you kill we , broadhead ... you kill we . the Professor cross himself . professor this be not Zeta tauri . ( short pause ) dearest god , we have have it -- 87 . ext . a black hole -- space the heechee ship tumble inexorably toward the black hole suck in everything around it , a dimly - glow mass of pale blue light , mottle , immense , and terrifying . we pull back until they frail ship be nothing but a insignificant speck . professor ( v.0 . ) that thing be a black hole ! int . heechee ship -- space bob , klara , professor hegramet , shiky , and dane contemplate they fast - approach death -- shiky it will suck we in ? professor not even light can escape its gravitational pull . klara how long ? professor once we cross the blue event horizon , escape to the outside will be impossible . klara take a guess . professor five minute ? shiky we need to fire the rocket -- dane forget it . it would take two ship , probably more . Bob have be float in the cabin listen to all this , or not listen , it 's difficult to say . suddenly he speak up : bob we have two ship ... everyone look at he . pause . 88 . klara we power the lander , back it up against the hull , strap it in place and blow everything we have get .... it plummet toward the hole , and we sail free in the command module -- dane you leave out the part where we be splatter into jelly . professor I believe that omission be intentional . shiky Friends , I think we can kill ourselves easily enough , but can we do it in five minute ? cur to : int . ship 's airlock -- space bob raise the bubble of he spacesuit and set it in place . professor hegramet , wear he own suit , secure the seal -- they share a grim look through they visor and just breathe . cur to : int . landing module -- space klara float inside the module , spin , and quickly position herself in front of the control . she flip the switch all around she in rapid succession , and the lander come to life . cur to : int . command module -- space dane nervously slip on a headset , and position the mike . he glance at the ship 's clock : dane four minute -- curt to : int . landing module -- space klara hit a final toggle . there be a doom somewhere deep in 89 . the ship , and the lander float free . she wrap she hand around the alien control stick . cur to : ext . heechee ship -- space the jet abruptly FIRE . the lander move away from the ship . cur to : int . worker 's shaft -- space shiky maneuver through a claustrophobic maze of pipe and switch , glide over , under , and all around , flipping toggle and change setting -- cur to : ext . heechee ship -- space bob open the exterior hatch and pull himself half - way out of the ship , stop to stare : bob 's p.o.v . the black hole block out even the star , consume the universe like a immense horrible gape mouth . Bob pull he leg free . professor hegramet stick he head through the hatch , and just like Bob do , react to the view . the lander rise up above the artificial horizon create by the vessel , maneuver jets FIRE , and it gracefully rotate . Bob grab for a handhold and begin to crawl across the hull . cur to : int . landing module -- space klara work the control stick , back up the lander . the two halve of the ship bump and dane 's voice Three minute -- curt to : ext . heechee ship -- space bob and professor hegramet attach a mounting strap design to hold the lander in position . curt to : 90 . int . command module -- space dane shove loose equipment into the storage bin . the ship rock wildly from another gravity wave and he hold on tight . curt to : ext . heechee ship -- space the ship roll and bob slide across the hull , look for a hand -hold . he start to slip off as he finger find a grip . Bob hold onto the ship with he leg hang over the side -- he pull himself back onto the hull , and look for professor hegramet . the old man be all right but too exhaust to go on . he gesture weakly . Bob nod and start crawl again . cur to : int . landing module -- space klara fight the alien control , try to steady the lander . cur to : ext . heechee ship -- space bob struggle to snap the last strap into place , he face a mix of anger and determination . he force the strap down and dane 's voice two minute -- curt to : int . landing module -- space klara hurry to unlock the hatch . finally , the seal give way . shiky float into the lander . they quickly go to work . cur to : ext . heechee ship -- space the heechee ship plunge closer and closer to the black hole . cur to : int . command module -- space dane move back to the main control panel . check the clock . 91 . dane one minute thirty second -- curt to : int . landing module -- space shiky flip a last switch . he share a ominous look with klara , and sail out the hatch . a moment later bob stick he head inside the lander . he 's still wear he spacesuit , and so they have to talk loudly : bob time to go . klara I have to finish wiring for the remote ignition . bob I 'il do it . klara push off the bulkhead and float to Bob . before he can speak again , she bend close and kiss he space helmet . the kiss leave a imprint of her lip on he helmet bubble -- klara you can not in that suit -- get up top , and be ready to light this candle ... I ‘’1l be right behind you . dane 's voice one minute -- Bob do not like go , but there 's no time . he give she a confident smile and push off . klara watch he go for a second and then get back to work . curt to : int . command module -- space bob pull himself up the ladder . enter the command module -- professor hegramet struggle with a makeshift rope , strapping himself to a bulkhead . shiky have already slip into he own legless spacesuit and be do the same . dane push off toward he suit , just start to get in when Bob approach . bob klara 's right behind I ... 92 . dane look at he . like he know something Bob do not know . dane thirty second -- bob where 's the remote trigger ? Bob help the Professor tie himself to the bulkhead . dane wish Bob would just go away . against he better judgement : dane there be not time to rig a remote , broadhead . Bob look into dane 's eye , and suddenly , he know the truth . he turn and lunge for the ladder , clumsy in he spacesuit . we hear the other yell '' bob ! '' he take the rung too fast , but do not care , slip and crash hard into the floor -- bob be p.o.v . through the bubble of he space helmet , Bob see klara still inside the lander swinging the hatch close . bob klara ! Bob push off toward the hatch , float too slow . we hear he torture breathing inside the suit , and dane 's countdown : dane 's voice ten second ...nine ... eight ... Bob reach the hatch and grab at the lever with he clumsy glove . can not get a firm grip . when he do , it will not turn . dane 's voice «..seven...six ...five ... oh , to hell with it . Bob make a fist and pound on the hatch , again and again and back on the upper level , dane stop count and hold on , try not to sound terrify : dane if I die , drink be on I ! Bob be throw hard against the bulkhead . he open he mouth to scream in protest , and do not stop , but no one hear he over the roar of the rocket -- curt to : 93 . ext . heechee ship -- space the heechee ship blast apart . the lander plummet wildly toward the black hole while the command module rocket away -- curt to : int . landing module -- space klara hold onto the control stick , strapped into position , fight the gravitational force . she begin to scream and cur to : ext . the black hole -- space the lander cross the event horizon -- and be suddenly gone . cur to : int . command module -- space bob fight to stay conscious , but the acceleration be too much . he pass out , and mercifully , the screen go black . int . command module -- later bob open he eye . groggy -- bob 's p.o.v . the ship look very different , darker , possibly damage . jut a few red emergency light . the whole thing seem to be spin oddly , or maybe Bob be spin . the imprint of klara 's lip be still visible on the clear bubble . Bob float free inside of the ship . he reach out , grab for the nearest metal rung , and pull he body up the ladder . Bob force a emergency hatch and rise into the cabin . sees perfect spherical drop of blood float through the air and he follow the trail to dane , drift as far as the rope around he allow , hull shrapnel stick out of he suit .... Bob hear a groan over he radio and push across the cabin . shiky be still strapped to a bulkhead , very weak . but alive : shiky Bob ... I be happy to see you . dane be dead . the professor be blow outside ... 94 , Bob gently nod to shiky . he turn around . there be a makeshift rope tie to the interior act as a tether line -- Bob 's eye follow the rope across the cabin , through a jagged hole in the side of the hull , and all the way out into space . ext . heechee ship -- space bob pull himself across open space along the tether line stretch from the hole in the ship to the fragile body of professor hegramet , spin slowly at the end of the rope ... Bob reach the body . what he see take Bob by surprise . the Professor be smile wide : professor ( with difficulty ) thank you , Bob . thank you . bob for what ? professor for make my last day the great ... his face slacken and , just like that , the old man be dead . Bob can not believe he 's go ... then he eye move slowly down the length of the Professor 's arm , from he shoulder to he elbow , continue on to that thick , clumsy spacesuit glove . Professor hegramet die pointing he finger at something and Bob turn he head , peek out the side of he helmet , like he 's in awe . we notice the reflection in the Professor 's helmet visor . something big -- another heechee ship block out the star directly above Bob . it be similar to the ship we have come to know , but much larger -- and look brand new . even more astounding be the actual heechee float in space . Bob immediately begin to breathe faster . that 's all we hear as he drift closer and closer to the heechee , just he increasingly rapid breathing -- the heechee be wear a spacesuit of its own , so we can not see the alien body ; but it have two legs , bend outward like 95 . a insect . there be two arm high on the torso , which be more elongate than ours , and more arm lower , though this may simply be mechanical and part of the suit . the glove be make for way too many finger than we will ever be use to . the space helmet be not so different really , and hide most of the head and face . but there be no mistake the alien nature of the eye watch Bob , eye that he 's see before -- the heechee do nothing . just float there , very patiently . Bob stare through he helmet visor . it be beginning to fog from he hyperventilate and then he seem to have a idea . Bob reach one of he glove hand into a large pocket on the side of he spacesuit . it take a second , but finally he find what he 's search for . Bob hold up that weird heechee screwdriver -- and throw it . the screwdriver tumble slowly across the short distance between they . for a moment , it seem as if the alien be not go to react . do not care . at the last second the heechee extend its hand . catch it . male voice Mr. broadhead , what compel you to toss the so-called '' screwdriver '' to the heechee ? bob ( v.0 . ) I do not know . male voice do you believe the alien in front of you be the actual heechee to which this object originally belong ? Bob and the heechee look at one another in the void of space . male voice perhaps you interprete you experience as some form of elaborate '' test '' -- one that would successfully conclude only by return the object ? bob ( v.0 . ) I already say , I do not know . 96 . close - up of bob watch the heechee . from the reflection in he visor , we can see the alien be make elaborate arm and hand movement . some kind of sign language . Bob reach up and touch a tiny camera mount on the side of he helmet -- male voice I see . and that 's when the alien begin gesture at you . int . debrief room -- day bob find himself in the same debrief room , sit at the same table ... but this time face the new assistant director . new a.d . what we can see on the tape before you camera give out suggest the movement be intend as a method of communication ; but you have no specific recollection of any gesture the alien use ? Bob just shake he head . he really do not want to be here . new a.d . that be unfortunate . still , one can expect no more under the circumstance . and it do not detract a iota from you great achievement , and contribution to the future -- the Assistant director slide over a official - look paper : new a.d . this be you copy of a memo authorize payment of five hundred million dollar to you , and another payment of same to you fellow crewman , shikitei bakin . he really seem happy for bob. new a.d. ( cont 'd ) I hear that they be plan a old - fashioned ticker - tape parade for you two back home -- just like they do for the first man on the moon ! 97 . bob when can I ship out again ? the New Assistant director nod he head too long , like he do not know how to respond : new a.d. Bob ... May I call you Bob ? you be a hero now . there be so many meaningful way you can contribute to the program , public appearance , speak engagement -- bob so I be ground . the Assistant director reach over . turn off the recorder . new a.d . she be not dead , you know .... Bob , when you ship return to gateway , you be almost a year overdue . we have write you off . that 's because you be near the event horizon -- you do understand about time dilation inside a black hole , do not you ? what seem like only fifteen minute to you and you crew be to the rest of we over three hundred and fifty day ... any closer to the hole and fifteen minute would have turn out to be a decade , or a century -- and that be what 's happen to klara moynlin right now . you do not cause she death . she be still alive , still fall toward the black hole -- and she always will be . you see ? Bob just stare at he until : bob be that suppose to make I feel better ... and he check the nameplate -- bob ( cont ’d ) ..- Mr. sebastian ? 98. new a.d . I be just try to -- bob for the rest of my life the woman I love will be stick in amber . 1’11 grow old and try to forget ... and klara will be up there , terrify , alone , fall toward that hole until the end of time ? the New Assistant director try to say something again , but Bob keep go , with increase intensity . he frighten we : bob ( cont ’d ) I kill she and I be still kill she . for the rest of my life , I 'il be kill she . do you have anything else you want to say to I , you stupid little man ?! int . gateway corridor -- day the door open and a security guard peek out . bob wait in the shadow wear a hooded poncho to help conceal he face . down the hall a crowd have gather around shiky , who hover slightly above they , wing flap as he sign a autograph . a reporter thrust she mike : reporter with all that money , be you go to buy yourself a pair of prosthetic leg ? shiky hand the slip of paper to the owner and sign another . shiky then I would not be a beauti - ful butterfly ! as the crowd laugh and yell more question , the security guard lead Bob the other way . still they do not make it far before a woman turn around , see they , and quickly realize : woman there he be -- 99 . int . gateway elevator -- day bob and the security guard run into a elevator . they watch the crowd rush toward they , wave they arm and shout , until the door slide shut and bob what now ? guard my order be to escort you to the Earth shuttle , and to prevent you from approach a heechee vessel . Bob nod he head . he understand . but something be on he mind . he turn to the guard and offer he a friendly smile . int . macklen memorial -- day bob stand on a familiar stone floor cover in plexiglass to protect the fatalistic message roughly scratch in the rock , '' sylvester macklen be here '' -- Bob read the word on the floor . he seem thoughtful . the security guard hang back , and just let he have he moment . voice of gateway gateway be discover by sylvester macklen , a tunnel rat on venus , who find a operable heechee spacecraft in a dig , and get inside -- the automated presentation continue in the background , as it do before , while Bob make a slow circle around the chamber : bob just want to see it one more time before I leave for good . thank you , Charlie . guard ( more relaxed ) I bet there 's go to be a museum like this dedicated to you soon , Mr. broadhead . first contact with a alien race . it 's quite exciting -- Bob step up to a part of the memorial that be roped off from 100 . the rest . look at the object on the other side of the line . the security guard be lose in he own musing now . ask Bob : guard I wonder ... do the heechee think like we do ? do they love like we do ? what be you thought , sir ? he start to turn back around , and bob hit he with one of the pole use to rope off the display . the guard go down . bob sorry , Charlie .... Bob drop the pole and walk over the fall rope toward that dusty and unused heechee ship . voice of gateway the heechee vessel you see here be the actual ship macklen use to travel to gateway ! Bob go to the old hatch . wo not budge . finally it give way and he begin to climb in . voice of gateway no longer functional , here it sit , a monument to -- Bob slam the hatch close and int . heechee ship -- day bob stand directly in front of the heechee control panel . by now its appearance be familiar , and yet it remain as mysterious and unknowable as always : wheel and spoke , spiral column , light and switch , a nearly dizzying array . he do not approach the panel right away , as if give the thing the respect it deserve . then Bob step forward , raise he arm , and methodically begin work the control ... curt to : ext . space -- flashback bob float inside he spacesuit . watch the alien heechee -- 101 . curt to : int . heechee ship -- day bob stand in front of the control make elaborate arm and hand movement . each gesture result in the turn of a wheel or the setting of a spoke , the flip of a switch and the activation of another light . he never stop and never hesitates , execute a incredibly choreograph routine , one that no human be can know -- curt to : ext . space -- flashback the alien heechee hang in space , its inhuman eye stare at we . the creature move its arm , work a control panel that be not there , teach Bob what to do : what wheel to turn , what speak to set , what switch to trigger , and when .... curt to : int . heechee ship -- day bob work with increase confidence . faster . still faster . we continue to CUT between bob and the heechee , a human hand turn alien then back again , the heechee beginning a gesture and Bob complete it ... and the control panel come alive like never before . this be a heechee ship the way it be mean to be -- everything humming , buz , and whirring ! int . the memorial -- day the security guard slowly come around . he look . see the heechee ship rising up off the floor , as if by a invisible hand , disappear through a rocky open in the ceiling and ext . the asteroid -- day the heechee ship rise to the surface of gateway and assume its launch position inside one of the endless hollow crater . int . heechee ship -- day bob make the last adjustment and stand in front of the gleam control panel , he arm still in the air , like a conductor who 's just complete the performance of he career . 102 . curt to : ext . black hole -- space klara 's lander cross the blue event horizon , as before , and int . the lander -- space klara hold onto the control stick , complete the scream we see she begin earlier . as soon as it 's do , she feel a gentle bump . like something just make contact with the ship ? klara look dumbfounded . start to check the read-out when she hear a mundane everyday knock . someone be at the door -- she turn and look at the hatch . again there come a knock . klara can not believe this , but do not really know what else to do , so she unstrap herself and float over to the hatch -- klara unlock the bolt , swing open the door , and bob glide into the lander with a big smile , wrapping he arm around she as they drift in the ship : klara Bob . you have another one of you idea -- bob uh-huh . klara how do you find I ? bob with a little help from a heechee . klara we be inside a black hole ! bob I know . they continue to tumble through the cabin . Bob move in for a kiss ... but klara pull back . klara do not you get it ? every second we spend inside of the hole ... 103 . bob ... decade and century be pass by outside -- ( short pause ) will you please kiss I ? klara look at he , and when they finally do , it 's well worth the wait . the kiss go on for several second , seem like it might end , but then continue for quite a good bit longer . eventually they pull apart , but not by much , float in each other 's arm , perfectly happy : klara you have no clue how to get we out of here ... do you ? bob none at all . Bob and klara kiss again . we drift away from the two lover and leave they to they effort , sailing out through the SMALL porthole , until we be outside the spaceship look in . klara who know you be such a romantic fool , broadhead ? bob sail into nothingness with you ' till the end of time be a good way to go . ext . the black hole -- space we slowly pull back from the porthole of they heechee ship -- bob and who know ? maybe we will run into somebody head the other way . there 's something about the way Bob say that . klara look at he , newfound wonder beginning to spread over she face and Bob and klara push off toward the small porthole , and just as they have do countless time before , look out the window ... this black hole be not really black -- and not much of a hole . 104 . the space around they be jam - packed with planet . no human be have never laid eye on such beautiful world , and never so close together . we see large ringed giant and smaller globe of astounding color . this place be fill with star . and moons . and comet . nebula too . it 's a impossible collage of awe - inspiring vista ; and if there be a universe - maker , then this must certainly be where he store the part . hundred of heechee starship fill the space between world , head in every direction .... fade out .