U N T I T L E D a screen play by Andrew M. niccol fade in a white title appear on a black screen . < i > " as night - fall do not come at once , neither < / i> < i>doe oppression ... it be in such twilight that < / i > < i>we all must be aware of change in the air < / i> < i > - however slight - lest we become victim of < / i> < i> the darkness . " < / i> justice William o. Douglas the title fade off , replace by a second title . < i > " I not only think that we will tamper with < / i > < i> mother nature , I think mother want we to . " < / i > William gaylin the second title fade off , leave a dark screen . the darkness gradually give way to a dawn light . we be confront with sight of a barren , empty landscape . a wide expanse of wasteland . suddenly , without warning , a elephant tusk fall from the sky and crash onto the parched ground . the earth -shudder impact cause the tusk to rebound once in slow motion before finally settling to the desert floor in a cloud of dust . the first tusk be quickly follow by a second , also drop from the heaven . it land near the first . another tusk smashes to earth several yard away . yet another come crash into the foreground . finally the dust settles upon a graveyard of tusk . dissolve to a barren , empty landscape in another region of the wasteland , a forest of tree trunk suddenly rain down from the sky . the trunk thump to the hard ground , also rebound in slow motion . cleanly sawn , branchless , palm - like trunk , they come to rest in the dust only to be follow by a second cascade of lumber . when the dust finally clear . the fell tree trunk lie in a huge , log -jam in the desert . dissolve to a barren , empty landscape next to descend from the sky , a torrent of firewood . one shower after another , crash to the plain . enough chop lumber to fuel a thousand hearths . dissolve to a barren , empty landscape join the rest of the debris be a deluge of slate - sheet of shale from a great unseen quarry in the sky come slamm to earth . some of the piece shatter , some rebound into the air until the granite litter acre of landscape as far as the eye can see . title be space appropriately throughout the preceding sequence . the final title read : < i>t h E N o T - T o o - D I S T a N T F U T U R e</i> the camera commence a long , slow pull - back from the pile of elephant tusk . gradually they be reveal as human fingernails magnify many hundred of time . the tree trunk be mere hair follicle . the firewood , whisker . the slate , flake of skin . int . incinerator . early morning . a naked man , thirty , see in profile , be crouch upon a metal floor inside a small , brush stainless steel tank , rub he skin raw with a wire brush . jerome morrow . have complete he scrupulous ablution , Jerome arch he lean frame through the small , oval door of the metal room with practise ease . secure the thick , fireproof window door behind himself , he turn a switch to release gas into the vacate chamber . the gas instantly ignites in what be now reveal to be a gleam modern stainless - steel custom - make incinerator . we refocus on a magnified close up of he exfoliate flesh in the incinerator as it blacken , curl and burn . jerone cover himself with a silk robe and step into a pair of backless slipper . int . eugene's condominium . early morning . jerome emerge from the incinerator room into a large , luxurious loft - style condo contain a bizarre assortment of equipment - arrange somewhat like a production line . Long , scrupulously clean metal work bench be arrange along one entire wall . laid out on the bench in neat row be dozen of plastic bag - some fill , some unfill . Instruments on trays - various type of tweezers , scissors and other less familiar utensil . round , stainless steel container fill with hair of differ length and other body matter . jerome approach another man slump over one of the bench . eugene . he clutches a empty vodka bottle . he be snore lightly - sleep off the night before . as jerome gently prise the bottle out of he hand , we be strike by the similarity of Eugene 's face to Jerome 's . Jerome pull Eugene 's chair back from the desk with surprising ease . a wheelchair - a modern , ergonomic design . Jerome wheel Eugene to a bedroom and , with some difficulty , haul the larger man onto the bed . through he alcoholic fog , Eugene feebly co - operate - he paralyze leg a particular dead weight . after cover Eugene with a blanket , Jerome enter a bathroom contain a surgically - clean stainless steel basin , sink , shower and toilet . beside the toilet stand a large , industrial - style stainless steel refrigerator . don protective glove , Jerome open the liquid-nitrogen cool refrigerator . a cloud of condense water vapor billow out . revealed inside the fridge be rack of label jar and silicon pouch - some contain a yellowish liquid , some a deep , red liquid . in front of one of the jar be a handwritten shopping list - < i > " truffles , cig , vodka " </ i>. Jerome smile to himself as he retrieve the note along with one of the jar . he check the jar 's label . satisfied with the date write there , he break the seal and pour the content into the clear , silicon pouch of a iv - like device lie on the steel bathroom counter . he seal the pouch and check the apparatus by open the valve on its fine tube and squirting a small quantity of the liquid into the nearby toilet bowl , as one would test a syringe . we remain on Jerome 's face as he reach between he leg and insert the pouch . reopening the refrigerator , Jerome slide out a tray contain neat row of slim , fingertip-sized plastic sachet fill with a deep , red-color liquid . he remove he glove , select one of the sachet and carefully adhere the sachet to the pad at the end of he index finger . he prepare a second sachet for he middle finger . Jerome then apply skin-color cover - up makeup to the sachet , blend they in with the color of he finger . jerome , still dress in he robe , climb a large , spiral staircase to the floor above . int . jerome' condominium . early morning . he emerge at the top of the staircase into a similarly large , loft-stlye condominium . through the floor to ceiling window that open onto a balcony we see that dawn be only just start to leak into the night sky . in the bedroom jerome remove a shirt from a dryclean bag . printed on the bag - < i > " confidentiality guaranteed " < / i>. he emerge from he bedroom , dress in a smart albeit unconventionally cut suit . he adjust he tie in the mirror , careful not to disturb the sachet attach to he fingertip . int . investigator's pool . morning . a lone man swim a ferocious lap of freestyle in what appear to be a pool of enormous length - yet he never reach the pool 's end . we pull wider to reveal that the man be swim against a artificial current in a pool barely larger than himself . abruptly , the man stop and stand up - the fast - flow current instantly still . we glimpse the face of investigator luca . thirties , he have a youthful yet rigid face . we have the impression that he do not swim for pleasure . ext . condominium complex . morning . it be still early as jerome exit the building 's underground parking garage in a immaculate studebaker avanti and proceed down the long straight driveway . he exchange a wave with a gardener trimming a lawn . the whir of the car 's electric power engine bely its conventional appearance . ext . gattaca aerospace corporation . day . jerome 's car exit a highway and turn up the sweeping road lead to the parking lot of " gattaca aerospace corporation " . a sleek , modern , low -rise industrial compound boast perfectly manicure landscape garden . int . gattaca aerospace corporation . day . jerome stride purposefully up to the entranceway with hundred of other gattaca employees . he carry himself with a certain arrogance , a cool detachment . all employee wear similarly unconventionally - cut suit , short coiff hair and robust tan . the gattaca employee be a seemingly equal split of man and woman and a diverse range of ethnicity . they filter through a row of channel supervise by security guard . each channel contain a computerize security device , feature a slim groove in which the employee place a finger under the watchful eye of a Security Guard . Jerome give a polite nod to a Guard as he place he index finger in the groove . his fingertip be jabbe with the finest of needle and a minute blood sample take . the blood specimen confirm Jerome 's identity - a id photograph appear on a computer screen . out of the corner of he eye , Jerome spy a young woman enter through the adjacent channel . she be also sneaking a glance in he direction - irene . catch each other look , they both quickly avert they eye . as Jerome enter the computer facility of gattaca aerospace Corporation he furtively glance at the pin-prick puncture in he fingertip sachet . somewhere in deep space . a gattaca spacecraft skirt a asteroid . take advantage of the rock 's gravitational pull , the craft slingshot deeper into the black void . then abruptly the craft and the asteroid freeze in mid-space , suddenly reverse direction and proceed forward again - the spacecraft take a slightly adjust course . we pull back to reveal that the journey be merely a highly realistic graphic representation on a gattaca computer screen operate by jerome . appear simultaneously alongside the computer animation be a seemingly never -end column of computer instruction for this celestial navigation - the incomprehensible language of the computer programmer . 140 # x20x08x$$x20x08x$$x20x08x$$x20 { 150 #x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00 160 #xfexfexfexfexfexfexfexfexfexfe Jerome be transport - plotting a path through the heaven . as he finger fly across the key he do not once take he eye from the screen . his be one of hundred of ergonomically design work station , arrange in ever - widen circle in a huge , curcular , well - appoint if antiseptic room . each curve desk contain a computer terminal consist of a keyboard and a slim , transparent screen behind which be seat a programmer , design software for the aerospace agency . at the center of the room be a donut - shape command console , chair face outward , from which operation be monitor . floor to ceiling smoke - glass curve wall offer the only concession to nature - a tinted view of a man-made , meticulously landscape garden . Jerome tear himself away from he screen and pick up a discreet mini-vac . he vacuum between the key of he keyboard . director josef , 50' , a short , official - look man approach . his assistant irene stand at he shoulder . director josef you keep you work station so clean , Jerome . jerome -- next to godliness , be not that what they say ? the director smile at the notion and place a computer disc on Jerome 's desk . director josef I review you flight plan . not one error in a hundred thousand keystroke . phenomenal . ( place a hand on Jerome 's shoulder ) it 's right that someone like you be take we to the belt. ( glance to notification on Jerome 's screen ) you have a substance test . the director briskly depart , irene in tow . at a nearby work station , a painfully thin programmer , napoleon , perk up at the mention of the test . Jerome merely shrug and pretend to reach down and scratch he ankle . however he surreptitiously produce one of Eugene 's transparent specimen bag from he sock . a extreme close up reveal the bag 's content - flake of skin , hair follicle , eyelash , a fingernail . cupp the bag in he hand to avoid detection , Jerome sprinkle the fraudulent body matter over he keyboard , desk surface and the floor around he work station . he open he desk drawer and casually scatter the remainder of the bag . finally he inspect a comb already lace with two hair follicle . Jerome rise from he work station and make he way towards the testing lab . int . gattaca aerospace corporation - testing laboratory . day . White - coat lamar , forty , buzzcut , a man 's man , check jerome 's eye with a instrument . satisfied with he examination , he pass a transparent plastic container to jerome . stand directly in front of the technician with he back to camera , Jerome open he fly . a steady stream of urine begin to flow into the container from Jerome 's hide pouch . lamar ( stare admiringly at the discharge ) Jerome ... never shy . piss on command . you have get a beautiful cock . I ever tell you that , Jerome ? jerome ( deadpan as he continue to urinate ) only every time I be in here . Jerome hand the container to lamara who seal and label it as Jerome refasten he trousers . lamar I see a lot of cock . I speak from experience . your be a beautiful example . why do not my folk order a cock like that for I ? lamar pour the urine sample into a high - tech device where it be instantly analyze . the urine identify jerone while also register a negative drug read . the computer read < i > " valid " < / i >. lamar ( walk Jerome to the door ) if everything go to plan , this could be the last time I see you for a while . one week to go . please tell I you be the least bit excited . jerome I will tell you at the end of the week . Jerome depart . int . gattaca - restroom . day . jerome enter the restroom and glance at the toilet stall . only three in the bank of twenty be occupy . he tarry at the mirror above the uniform line of basin , unnecessarily reknotting he tie . a toilet flush and a colleague exit one of the stall . he and Jerome exchange a nod . when the man have exite the restroom , Jerome enter the man 's vacate stall . int . gattaca - toilet stall . day . jerome immediately feel around the back of the toilet bowl and detach a secrete stainless steel container . with surprising swiftness and dexterity , Jerome remove a extremely fine contact lens from each eye and drop the pair into the toilet bowl . he insert two replacement lense from the container and reattach it in its hide place . Jerome flush the toilet and exit the stall . he check in the mirror that he new contact lense be properly insert . int . gattaca - corridor . day . walk back along one of the long , glass - wall corridor , jerome become aware of a peculiar noise in the complex - or to be more precise , a lack of noise . the incessant tapping of computer key have still . as Jerome gaze through the glass wall corridor , we see the reflection of he face , deep in think . < i>jerome ( vo ) the most unremarkable of event . Jerome morrow , Navigator first class , be only day away from a one - year manned mission to 951 gaspra in the Outer asteroid belt . nothing so unique in that . last year over one thousand citizen from every walk of life embark on some space mission or other . besides , selection for Jerome be virtually guarantee at birth . he be bless with all the physical and intellectual gift require for such a arduous undertake , a genetic quotient second to none . </ i > Jerome 's gaze drift to the sky . < i>jerome ( vo ) no , there be truly nothing remarkable about the progress of Jerome morrow , except that I be not Jerome morrow . < / i > ext . beach . dusk - thirty - odd year eariler a starry sky . the camera tilt down to find palm tree sway against a set sun . < i>jerome ( vo ) I be conceive in the riviera . not the </i> french < i > riviera . </ i > the camera tilt down further to find a buick riviera park in a desert beachfront parking lot on a pollute stretch of beach . < i>jerome ( vo ) the </i> Detroit < i > variety . </ i> through the car 's steam window we see Jerome 's mother and father , maria and ANTONIO , early twenty , make love . < i>jerome ( vo ) they use to say that a child conceive in love , have a great chance of happiness . they do not say that any more . </ i > int . family planning clinic . day . maria , wear a medical gown , lie on a examine table , foot in stirrup . a nurse , forty , wheel a instrument tray towards she . Maria suddenly disengage she foot from the stirrup and swing she leg off the table . nurse what be you do ? maria ( shaking she head ) I can not do this . nurse ( misinterprete the problem ) I tell you , the government pay . it 's all take care of . maria no , you do not understand . I < i>ca not < / i>. the nurse place a comforting hand on Maria 's shoulder . nurse ( reassure ) the doctor will give you something . maria ( remove the hand , adamant ) I be not do it . nurse ( try to make she see reason ) honey , you have make < i>one < / i> mistake -- the remark sting Maria . nurse ( soften she tone ) -- I have read you profile . I do not know about the father but you carry enough hereditary factor on you own . ( pause ) you can have other child . maria ( hold she swollen stomach protectively ) not like < i>this < / i > one . nurse ( try to be diplomatic ) honey , look around you . the world do not want one like < i>that < / i > one . Maria get off the table and reach for she clothes lay across a chair . maria ( irate ) you do not know what it will be ! the nurse watch Maria as she dress , genuinely bewilder . nurse ( call out to Maria as she disappear out of the door ) the child will not thank you ! int . delivery room . day . we focus on a crucifix dangle on a rosary . tilting up we find the rosary clasped between maria and ANTONIO 's intertwined hand . < i>jerome ( vo ) that be early day -- day when a priest could still persuade someone to put they faith in God 's hand rather than that of the local geneticist . </ i> bath in sweat , Maria give a final push on the delivery table . while still attach to he umbilical cord , the heel of the newborn baby boy be immediately prick by a mask nurse . a minute drop of blood be insert into a analyze machine . even as the baby be put into Maria 's arm , page after page of data begin to appear on a monitor , pulsing warning signal throughout the spreadsheet . two assist nurse exchange a look . Antonio sense something amiss . ANTONIO what 's wrong ? < i>jerome ( vo ) of course , there be nothing wrong with I . not so long ago I would have be consider a perfectly healthy , normal baby . ten finger , ten toe . that be all that use to matter . but now my immediate well - be be not the sole concern . </ i > Antonio turn he attention from he baby to the data appear on the monitor . we see individual item highlight amongst the data - < i > " nerve condition - probability 60 % " , " manic depression - 42 % " , " obesity - 66 % " , " attention deficit disorder - 89 % " -- jerome ( vo ) my destiny be mapped out before I -- all my flaw , predisposition and susceptibility - most untreatable to this day . only minute old , the date and cause of my death be already know . </ i > Antonio focus on a final highlight item on the monitor 's screen , < i > " heart disorder - 99 % - early fatal potential . " . " life expectancy - 33 year " < / i >. nurse the name ? ( type detail into birth certificate ) for the certificate . maria Antonio -- ANTONIO ( correct she ) -- no , < i> Vincent < / i> Antonio . with a computer stylus he sign the nurse 's handheld screen . ext . tract home - backyard . day . 2 - year-old jerome ( referred to by he give name of " vincent " for most of the following flashback ) run with a toy rocket fall more in clumsiness than fatigue . maria suddenly whisk up the toddler . maria ( hysterical ) oh , Vincent , Vincent , Vincent ... I can not let you out of my sight . Maria frantically listen to she young son 's heartbeat . for he part , Vincent appear surprised by the attention . Maria place a portable oxygen mask over Vincent 's mouth . < i>jerome ( vo ) I be bear Vincent Antonio Luca . and from a early age I come to think of myself as other think of I - chronically ill . every skinned knee and runny nose treat as if it be life-threatening . </ i> int . day care CENTER . day . maria and ANTONIO drop off dark - haire 2 - year -old vincent at a Day Care Center . < i>jerome ( vo ) and my parent soon realize that wherever I go , my genetic prophecy precede I . </ i> while healthy child play outside on tricycle , clamber over jungle - gym and finger - paint , the pre - school teacher show Vincent into a room where child with obvious disability sleep on mat . Maria wheel around and march out of the center with Vincent in she arm . Antonio follow close behind , plead with he wife to see sense . < i>jerome ( vo ) they put off have any more child until they could afford not to gamble - to bring a child into the world in what have become the " natural " way . </ i> ext . home . day . ANTONIO reluctantly show off he spotless buick riviera to a prospective buyer . < i>jerome ( vo ) it mean sell the beloved buick . </ i> the two man haggle over the price while maria , hold vincent in she arm , look on . finally money and a pink slip be exchange . < i>vincent ( vo ) my father get a good price . after all , the only accident he would ever have in that car be I . </ i> as the buyer drive away , Antonio shrug to Maria to hide he disappointment . ext . genetic counselling office build . day . ANTONIO , maria and 2 - year -old vincent exit a pack commuter bus and enter a genetic counsell office building bear the sign - " pro - creation " . int . genetic counselling office . day . a geneticist stare into a high - power microscope as ANTONIO , maria and 2 - year-old vincent be show into the office by a nurse . on the counter beside the geneticist be a glass - door industrial refrigerator contain petri dish arrange on rack several foot high . geneticist ( to the nurse , without take he eye from he binocular microscope ) put up the dish . while Antonio and Maria take a seat in front of a television monitor , the nurse put a label petri dish under a video - equip microscope . the geneticist swing around in he chair to greet he client . four magnify cluster of cell - eight cell on each cluster - appear on the television screen . geneticist you extract egg ... ( note the couple 's name from data along the edge of the screen ) ...< i> Maria < / i> , have be fertilize with ... < i> Antonio 's < / i> sperm and we have perform a analysis of the result pre-embryos . after screen we be leave with two healthy boy and two healthy girl . naturally , no critical pre-disposition to any of the major inheritable disease . all that remain be to select the most compatible candidate . Maria and Antonio exchange a nervous smile . geneticist first , we may as well decide on gender . have you give it any think ? maria ( refer to the toddler on she knee ) we would like Vincent to have a brother ... you know , to play with . the geneticist nod . he scan the data around the edge of the screen . geneticist you have already specify blue eye , dark hair and fair skin . I have take the liberty of eradicate any potentially prejudicial condition - premature baldness , myopia , alcoholism and addictive susceptibility , propensity for violence and obesity -- maria ( interrupt , anxious ) -- we do not want --< iydisease < / i> , yes . ANTONIO ( more diplomatic ) we be wonder if we should leave some thing to chance . geneticist ( reassure ) you want to give you child the best possible start . believe I , we have enough imperfection build - in already . you child do not need any additional burden . and keep in mind , this child be still you , simply the < i> best < / i> of you . you could conceive naturally a thousand time and never get such a result . ANTONIO ( squeezing Maria 's hand ) he 's right , Maria . that 's right . Maria be only half - convinced , but the geneticist swiftly move on . geneticist be there any reason you would want a left-handed child ? ANTONIO ( blank ) er , no ... geneticist ( explain ) some believe it be associate with creativity , although there 's no evidence . also for sport like baseball it can be a advantage . ANTONIO ( shrug ) I like football . geneticist ( inject a note of levity ) I have to warn you , Mr Luca , he 's go to be at least a head taller than you . prepare for a crick in the neck in sixteen year time . Antonio beam proudly . geneticist ( scan the data on the screen ) anything I have forget ? maria ( hesitant about broaching the subject ) we want he -- we be hope he would get marry and have child . we would like grandchild . geneticist ( conspiratorial smile ) I understand . that 's already be take care of . ( a afterthought ) now you appreciate I can only work with the raw material I have at my disposal but for a little extra ... I could also attempt to insert sequence associate with enhance mathematical or musical ability . maria ( suddenly enthuse ) Antonio , the choir ... geneticist ( interject , cover himself ) I have to caution you it 's not fool - proof . with multi-gene trait there can be no guarantee . ANTONIO how much extra ? geneticist it would be five thousand more . Antonio 's face fall . ANTONIO I be sorry , there 's no way we can . geneticist do not worry . you will probably do just as well sing to he in the womb . ( rise to end the appointment ) we can implant the most successful pre-embryo tomorrow afternoon . Maria be stare at the four magnify clump on the screen . maria what will happen to the other ? geneticist ( reassure ) they be not baby , Maria , merely " human possibility " . removing the petri dish from beneath the lens of the microscope , he point out the four minuscule speck . geneticist smaller than a grain of sand . dissolve to int . tract home . day . a red pencil draw a mark on a doorway at the height of a child 's head . the child move away and the name , < i > " anton 11 " < / i> be write beside the mark by proud father , ANTONIO . < i>jerome ( vo ) that 's how my brother , Anton , come into the world - a son my father consider worthy of he name . </ i> there be little physical similarity between 11 - year -old anton and 13 - year-old vincent stand beside he , apart from they height . in fact Vincent be mortify to see that he young brother 's mark be a fraction of a inch higher than the mark beside he own name , < i > " vincent 13 " < / i>. Vincent run from the room . ext . beach . day . 13 - year-old vincent and 11 - year-old anton sit together on a windswept beach . Anton pick up a break shell and deliberately slice the tip of he thumb with the sharp edge . he hand the shell to Vincent who hesitantly follow suit . < i>jerome ( vo ) by the time we be play at blood brother I understand that there be something very different flow through my vein . </ i> the two brother press they thumb together , merge the blood . < i>jerome ( vo ) and I would need a awful lot more than a drop if I be go to get anywhere . </ i> ext . beach . later in the day . while ANTONIO and maria doze under a beach umbrella , anton and vincent enter the water , diving through the wave . from above we watch they two young body swim beside each other beyond the breaker . < i>jerome ( vo ) we favorite game be " chicken " . when we parent be not watch , we use to swim outside the flag , as far out as we dare . it be about who would get scared and turn back first . </ i > suddenly vincent stop swim , pull up sharply in the water , exhaust and fearful . he watch anton swim on into the distance . < i>jerome ( vo ) of course , it be always I . Anton be by far the stronger swimmer and he have no excuse to fail . </ i > int . school - classroom . day . a teacher give a physics lesson . the bespectacle 13 - year-old vincent have he arm energetically raise at each opportunity but be never call upon . eventually he lower he arm in defeat . < i>jerome ( vo ) my genetic scarlet letter continue to follow I from school to school . when you be tell you be prone to learn disability , it 's sometimes easier not to disappoint anybody . </ i> ext . STREET . night . 13 - year-old vincent stand at a cul - de- sac at the end of a long , straight desert street . he place a basketball in the middle of the street to represent the SUN and begin to unwind the huge reel of string attach to the ball . 11 - year-old anton walk a pace behind he . several yard along the trail a bead be thread through the string to represent the planet MERCURY . anton how many astronaut be there , anyway ? Vincent ignore he and continue to reel out the string . anton I bet < i >I < / i> could be one . Vincent stop and regards he young brother with contempt . vincent you be stand on venus . Anton lift he foot . there be a bead beneath it . int / ext . car / satellite dish . dusk . vincent have develop into a handsome 17 - year -old . his spectacle hide , he and a young woman be neck in the front seat of a beat - up car , park overlook a huge satellite dish . < i>jerome ( vo ) I be popular enough until it get around that I be not a long - term proposition . </ i> the love-make intensify . the young woman move down Vincent 's chest and unzip he fly . < i>jerome ( vo ) that who do not know already could easily find out for themselves . it be certainly no problem coax the information out of I . </ i > we remain on Vincent 's face as he climax . the young woman turn she head away from the spend Jerome and , out of he view , trickle semen from she mouth into a clear specimen vial . < i>jerome ( vo ) I do not blame they . you need to know if a prospective husband can qualify for a mortgage or life insurance or can hold down a decent job . </ i> int . home . day . in the live room of they modest home , the dark -haire , 17 - year - old , bespectacle vincent sit opposite he parent . the crestfallen Vincent have a book on he lap entitle " career in space " . mother ( try to break it gently ) Vincent , you have to be realistic . a heart condition like yours -- vincent -- I do not care . I will take the risk . mother it 's not just < i>you < / i> they have to be concerned about . perhaps we could get you one of that new pacemaker . they be not perfect but -- father ( let he frustration show ) for God 's sake , Vincent , do not you understand . the only way you will see the inside of a space ship be if you be clean it ! Vincent look at he father in disbelief . on a dinner table on the other side of the live room , 15 - year - old anton look up from the biological specimen he be study with a magnify glass . int . personnel office - waiting room . day . 17 -year-old vincent hide he glass in he pocket as he enter a waiting room . he gaze around at other applicant . < i>jerome ( vo ) my father be right . it do not matter how much I lie on my resumÈ , my real c.v. be in my cell . why should anybody invest all that money to train </ i>me < i> , when there be a thousand other applicant with a far cleaner profile ? of course , it 's illegal to discriminate - " genoism " it 's call - but no one take the law seriously . </ i> as Jerome enter the office , we focus on the doorhandle he have just touch . < i>jerome ( vo ) if you refuse to disclose , they can always take a sample from a doorhandle ... < / i> Vincent hesitates before shaking the personnel officer 's outstretch hand . < i>jerome ( vo ) ...or a handshake ... </ i> we focus on Jerome 's envelope attach to he application form sit on the manager 's desk . < i>jerome ( vo ) ... even the saliva off you application form . </ i> sitting opposite the manager , Jerome 's face fall . the manager put a clear , plastic cup in front of Jerome . < i>jerome ( vo ) but for the most part we know who we be . and if all else fail , a legal drug test can just as easily become a illegal peek at you future in the company . </ i > Vincent save the manager the trouble and exit the office , leave the cup where it sit . ext . beach . day . 17 - year-old jerome walk up the beach to find 15 - year -old anton sit with the young woman Vincent have previously date . < i>jerome ( vo ) I do not blame Anton for he free ride . you can not blame someone for win the lottery . </ i> the Young woman hastily depart . later the two brother face each other on the sand . Anton be the more statuesque of the two . anton ( cocky ) you sure you want to do this ? Vincent 's answer be to walk towards the water . Anton smile mockingly at he brother 's grim " game face " and follow . from a aerial view we watch vincent and he young brother , anton , swim beyond the breaker . < i>jerome ( vo ) it be the last time we swim together . out into the open sea , like always , know each stroke towards the horizon be one we have to make back to the shore . like always , the unspoken contest . </ i> we watch the two young man swim stroke for stroke . they swim far out , beyond the point . suddenly anton start to slow , he stroke become labor until he become motionless in the water . he begin to sink like a stone . vincent , realize Anton be no longer beside he , turn back to lend support . Vincent take he in a lifeguard hold and begin to nurse he back to shore . finally the two boy be cough up onto the shallow . they collapse , just beyond the waterline , exhaust , gasp for air . ANTONIO and maria arrive on the scene . anton be the first to recover while vincent clutches he side , he face screw up in pain . Maria kneel down and start to administer to Vincent but he father , Antonio , be unable to conceal he anger and contempt for Vincent . ANTONIO Vincent , you damn fool ! you could have kill Anton with you ridiculous contest ! why should he risk he life to save yours ?! when be you go to get it through you thick head -- you can not compete with you brother ! why try ?! Maria take Antonio aside . Anton and Vincent exchange a look . anton why do not you say anything ? vincent why do not < i>you ? </ i> ( stare back at he father knowingly ) it 's okay . it 's the way they want it . < i>jerome ( vo ) it confirm everything in the mind of my parent - that they have take the right course with my young brother and the wrong course with I . it would have be so much easier for everyone if </i>i < i> have slip away that day . I decide to grant they that wish . </ i> int . home . night . anton stand at the mantlepiece in the dimly - light live room . he gaze at a frame family portrait - Vincent 's face have be tear out of it . he suddenly spy vincent exite the front gate , carry a suitcase . Anton go to shout Vincent 's name but the word do not get out . ext . gattaca . dawn . a pick - up truck , pack with a cleaning crew , pull into the rear of the building . they be no longer strictly the migrant worker we have come to expect but rather a mixture of ethnicity - all member of a genetic underclass that do not discriminate by race . as vincent exit the truck and turn towards the camera , we discover that he have now mature into the man we have come to know as jerome . the only visible difference be the glass he wear and he hair , still naturally dark . < i>jerome ( vo ) like many other in my situation , I move around a lot in the next few year , get work where I could . I must have clean half the toilet in the state . </ i > we follow vincent through the course of a day . Cleaning restroom , toilet , pick up litter , sweeping , wash window - gaze at the aerospace worker below . the building be part of the gattaca facility , locate near a shuttle launch site . throughout the day , with the regularity of 747' , Vincent spy rocket ship in the distance , launching into the sky . Jerome 's be the only head that turn and look up . Long after the sun have set , Vincent be still work . another rocket ship light up the darkness . Vincent gaze forlornly into the heaven . ext . gattaca - glass wall . day . vincent clean a window from the outside , stare in at the arrogant gattaca employees enter the security channel - a smaple take from they fingertip . Jerome , in a trance , constantly clean the same spot of glass . he fail to notice a older janitor , caesar , appear beside he . caesar when you clean the glass , Vincent , do not clean it too well . vincent ( confuse ) what do you mean ? caesar ( glance to the gattaca worker ) you might get idea . vincent but if the glass be clean , it will be easier for you to see I when I be on the other side of it . caesar smile at Vincent 's cockiness . int . gattaca . day . vincent empty garbage into a dumpster adjacent to gattaca . his attention be draw to something in the trash . a discard manual on celestial mechanic and navigation . he wipe food residue off the corner . int . astronomy &amp ; telescope shop . day . a forest of telescope on tripod in a astronomy shop . vincent enter the store with a bucket and squeegee and immediately go to clean the storefront window . the store owner look up from he tabloid - " STAR " magazine . owner where 's Earl ? jerome he fall . lucky it be only the second floor . the owner nod and return to he magazine . when he look up again one of he tripod be miss its telescope and Jerome be nowhere to be see . int . in - valid housing project . night . jerome return to he bare apartment . he remove the cloth cover the bucket to reveal a dumpy -shape telescope snugly wedge inside . he start to pour over he collection of textbooks . other tatter space paraphenalia adorn the wall . < i>jerome ( vo ) of course the best test score in the world be not go to get I in the front door unless I have the blood test to go with it . </ i> ext . gattaca . night . while he fellow worker sit on the step at the service entrance to gattaca , pass around a unlabel bottle of clear liquor , vincent sit some distance away study he text book . in the absence of a computer , he practice type command on a keyboard handdrawn on the flap of a cardboard box . a tiny , seedy - look man , german , forty , appear from nowhere and take a seat beside he . german ( offer he hand ) Vincent , I be german -- ( anticipate Vincent 's response ) that 's my name . he look the apprehensive Vincent up and down . vincent what do you think ? german ( shrug ) I think I could do something ( glance to the text book ) provide you know what you be do and you can meet the term . Vincent pull a plastic e-money card from he overall . german you get a photo of yourself ? Vincent produce a snapshot of himself - tear from the family portrait . german feed the snapshot into the pocket- size computer he carry . the picture be instantly scan and appear on the computer 's small color screen . german return the photograph and hastily depart . caesar , the elderly janitor , notice german 's exit . caesar ( to Vincent ) I think I tell you not to get any idea . High up the side of a building , wash window , vincent pause occasionally to practice type command on he cardboard key - view a screen in he imagination - or the nightsky itself . he hear he name be call . german Vincent ... Vincent ... vincent ( stare through he glass ) german , be that you ? german Vincent , come down . I have find he . int . in - valid housing project . night . german lead vincent through a maze of corridor . < i>jerome ( vo ) for the genetically superior , success be easier to attain but be by no mean guarantee . after all , there be no gene for fate . and when , for one reason or another , a member of the elite fall on hard time , they genetic identity become a value commodity for the unscrupulous . one man 's loss be another man 's gain . </ i > he give a conspiratorial nod to another pass DNA broker , both man carry they palm - top computer . german ( enthusiastically read from data on he portable screen as he walk ) he have the heart of a ox . he could run through a goddamn wall -- if he could still run . actually , he be a big college swim star . vincent I hope he 's not just a body . german no problem . before he drop out he be a honor student , the right major -- vincent how do I square the accident ? german ( still read data from he palm - top computer ) it happen in australasia . he check in yesterday . no family complication , no record he ever break he neck . as far as anybody 's concerned , he 's still a walk , talk , fully - productive member of society . you just have to get he off the pipe and fill in the last two year of he life . ( correct himself ) Excuse I , < i>your < / i > life . german have stop walk as if they have arrive . vincent ( look around for a likely candidate but find none ) where be he ? german reach towards a paraplegic sit in he wheelchair in the stairwell directly in front of they , he head slump , a incriminate bong nestle in he lap . german pull the man 's head up by the hair . eugene . depsite the patchy , unkempt beard and thick glaze over he eye he bear a strike similarity to Vincent . Vincent hold a mirror beside the face of the lethargic Eugene to compare he own reflection . german ( smile confidently what do I tell you ? which one 's the mirror ? vincent ( still not fully convinced ) that 's the hair color in he profile ? german check a entry in he computer : < i > " hair : blonde " < / i > german yeah . vincent ( touch he own dark strand ) I would have to bleach my hair . german ( irritate , impatient ) why be you invent problem ? you two be a couple of goddam clone . you look so right together , I want to double my fee . vincent ( a think occur , address the paraplegic for the first time ) how tall be you ? eugene ( deadpan ) four foot six . Vincent grin , realize that Eugene be refer to he seat height . there be a instant connection between the two man . vincent okay , how tall do you < i>use < / i> to be ? eugene ( apathetic , still under the influence of whatever he 's be smoking ) six one . vincent ( to german , disappointed ) he 's too tall . german ( shrug ) you can wear lift . vincent even with lift I be never that tall . german there 's a way . int . backstreet surgery . night . in a primitive operate theatre , vincent lie on a table , he lower leg mask off for surgery . the surgeon switch on a surgical see and line it up with handdrawn incision mark . Metal strut be ready to elongate he leg . int . in - valid housing project - apartment . day . german wheel the daze eugene into the apartment , cluttere with space paraphenalia . one wheel of he rusting wheelchair be flimsily hold on with wire . vincent follow behind on crutch , both lower leg in cast and cross-brace . Vincent sign the contract german put in front of he . ext . STREET outside a bar . day . eugene , glassy - eye , stride out of a bar , past camera and into the street . we hear a squeal of brake and a sicken thud . int . housing project - apartment . day . eugene awaken with a scream , bath in sweat , arm bound to a bed - the only real piece of furniture in the room . vincent , sit on a crate beside he , soaking a towel in a bowl of water , be take by surprise . Eugene continue to scream and thrash , fight against he binding . Vincent stuff the towel into Eugene 's mouth and hold onto he arm . < i>jerome ( vo ) I confess , at first I wonder if I have rescue a man who be already dead . </ i > int . housing project - apartment - bathroom . night . vincent hold eugene 's head over the toilet bowl as he vomit violently . Eugene 's paralysis and Vincent 's break leg make the operation doubly difficult . finally Eugene have nothing leave in he stomach to vomit . he drop to the floor in exhaustion . Vincent , also exhaust from the effort of hold Eugene over the bowl , join he on the break linoleum . both man stare up at the ceiling that carry a map of the constellation . vincent you okay , Jerome ? eugene ( ironically refer to they mutual immobility ) yeah . you want to go dance tonight ? Vincent smile . int . housing project - apartment . night . eugene turn he nose up at the plate of boil meat and potato that vincent put in front of he . Vincent catch the look . vincent what 's wrong with it ? eugene I think I would better choose the menu . after all , you be learn how to be I , I be not learn how to be < i>you < / i >. vincent ( shrug ) suit yourself . eugene ( try to be more diplomatic ) listen , I do not want you to think I be ungrateful -- I know you and that little broker -- what do you call he ? vincent german . eugene you be both go to a lot of trouble -- ( try to be tactful ) maybe you can con somebody into believe you be I to get you foot in the door -- but once you be inside , you be on you own . I be sure you be sincere ... ( glance to the space paraphenalia ) ... but I be be groom for something like this myself . even without the accident I do not think I would have make it . my point be -- how the hell do < i> you < / i> expect to pull this off ? Jerome merely stare back as if the think of failure have never occur to he . vincent ( shrug and state it simply ) I do not know exactly , Jerome . eugene ( laugh ) at least you be honest . ( a think occur ) call I by my middle name -- Eugene -- if you be go to be Jerome , you may as well start get use to it . NB : for the remainder of the screenplay " vincent " be referred to as " jerome " . int . housing project - apartment . night . jerome look through Eugene 's personal effect , include a photograph album . he be draw to a swim medal inside the album at a page display a photo of a wealthy , austere mother - Eugene evidently come from money . even as he wheel into the room in he rickety wheelchair we see that eugene have the bear of someone of good breeding . he have a bag of blood on he lap . more blood be be draw from he arm through a iv . Eugene catch Jerome look at the album . jerome ( guiltily close the book ) I have to know where you come from . eugene if anybody ask , tell they the truth -- you family disown you . you be a disappointment , Jerome . jerome ( refer to Eugene 's medal , impressed ) what about this ? eugene wrong color . it 's silver . ( toss the bag of blood to Jerome ) it 's not easy live up to this . Eugene wheel away . int . housing project - apartment . day . jerome practise write with he right hand , try to replicate Eugene 's signature . eugene ( wheeling by , look over Jerome 's shoulder at the signature ) it need work . jerome ( rueful ) you have to be a right-hander . eugene noone order southpaw anymore . int . housing project - apartment . day . a pair of spectacle lie on the bed . jerome , still wear he twin cast , sit behind a optometrist 's portable examine device . german hover in the background , a optometrist custom - fit jerome with gossamer thin contact lense . < i>jerome ( vo ) myopia be a dead giveaway - one of the earliest and most justifiable of the quality - of - life correction . anybody with impair vision be certain to be suffer from all the other deficiency of a " nonadvantaged " birth . < / i> german ( inspect the lens in Jerome 's eye ) it 's no good . I can see a edge . he may as well walk in there with a cane . int . housing project - apartment . day . the optometrist have be replace in the live room with a black market dentist who bond jerome 's small , gap tooth to match eugene 's perfectly straight , white picket fence . int . housing project - apartment . day . Hair already bleach and cut to match Eugene 's hairstyle , jerome sit in a chair against a hastily erect white paper backdrop . from he wheelchair , eugene put the finish touch to Jerome 's hair . he wheel himself out of the way . the final accomplice in Jerome 's deception , a black market computer graphic designer , take Jerome 's photo with a video camera . manipulate the capture image , the designer morph Jerome 's face into the face of Eugene . the result photo that spit out of a printer be neither one nor the other but a acceptable combination of the two . int . housing project - apartment . day . eugene be start to prepare Jerome 's specimen bag for the first time . he wince in pain as he pluck several hair from he head . jerome , now out of he cast , prepare job application . eugene ( still grimace , refer to the follicle ) you really need that much ? jerome < i> more < / i> than that . you will get use to it . eugene ( yanking out another hair ) God , what < i>would not < / i> you do to leave the planet ? jerome ( inspect a hair follicle ) leave ? just a few million year ago every atom in this hair -- in we body -- be a part of a star . I do not see it as leave . I see it as go home . eugene ( marvel at Jerome 's earnestness ) God , you be serious , be not you ? Jerome ignore he . have learn he lesson , he hand the envelope to eugene to lick the flap . int . housing project - apartment . day . jerome be do a late-minute cram on a geriatric computer from the late 1990' . check the time , Jerome hurriedly pick up the shirt that eugene have be irone from a prone position on the floor . jerome it 's not too late to back out . eugene you do not know what a relief it be not to be I . be you sure < i>you < / i> want the job ? Jerome contemplate the question for a moment . jerome what about you ? what 's in this for you , Eugene ? eugene ( refer to the bladder bag he wear ) listen , I bag this stuff anyway . it may as well pay my rent . Jerome hurrise to the bathroom where , with some difficulty , he insert he urine device for the first time . the new improve Jerome emerge into the live room ready for he interview . int . gattaca corporation - testing lab . day . jerome emerge from a bathroom and hand a technician he plastic cup full of fraudulent urine and insert it into the analyzer . technician ( read off the profile ) congratulation . jerome ( perplex ) what about the interview ? technician ( refer to the cup ) that be it . ext . gattaca . day . jerome , scarcely able to disguise he delight , exit gattaca , try not to stare at the superb specimen who be now he " colleague " . < i>jerome ( vo ) the majority of people be now make - to-order . what begin as a mean to rid society of inheritable disease have become a way to design you offspring -- the line between health and enhancement blurred forever . eye can always be brighter , a voice purer , a mind sharper , a body stronger , a life longer . everyone seek to give they child the best chance but the most skilled geneticist be only accessible to the privelege few . </ i > in a nearby park model child from model parent play together . < i>jerome ( vo ) anyone who be the product of a alter DNA be proudly refer to as a " dan " , " self - make man or woman " , " man-child " . </ i> int . housing project - apartment . night . jerome wheel eugene out of they housing project . he take in the neighborhood for the last time . we focus on a poor couple cradling a infant . < i>jerome ( vo ) that parent who , for moral or , more likely economic reason , refrain from tamper with they offspring 's genetic makeup or who fail to abort a deprive fetus condemn they child to a life of routine discrimination . </ i> we glimpse other people in the neighborhood . they appear poor but , for the most part , physically normal . however a pall of gloom hang over they . < i>jerome ( vo ) officially they be call " in - valid " * . also know as " godchild " , " men-of - god " , " faith birth " , " blackjack birth " , " deficient " , " defective " , " genojunk " , " ge -gnome " , " the fuck - up people " . </ i > [ * " in - valid " pronounce as in " a invalid license " ] < i>jerome ( vo ) they be the " healthy ill " . they do not actually have anything yet - they may never . but since few of the pre-condition can be cure or reverse , it be easier to treat they as if they be already sick . </ i > as they enter a car , drive by german , Jerome spy a beautiful young girl , 11 , sit on the step of the housing project , stare forlornly into space . while there be no outward sign of any deficiency , she be somehow aware that she be damage goods . Jerome glance in the rearview mirror . < i>jerome ( vo ) by mean of a donor I have cheat the system for the last four year to open door that would otherwise be close to I . </ i > Jerome wheel Eugene into the palatial condominium complex where the two man now reside . int . gattaca . present day . we return to jerome 's reflection in the glass . other gattaca employees be gradually gather behind he . < i>jerome ( vo ) in the guise of Jerome morror I have rise quickly through the rank of gattaca . only one of the Mission director have ever come close to discover my true identity . </ i> we now see what Jerome have be gaze at through the window the whole time - the sight that have bring a hush to the complex . through a open office door lie the body of a large man - the murdered director , lie where he have just be discover , in a pool of he own blood . < i>jerome ( vo ) strange to think , he may have more success expose I in death than he do in life . </ i > Jerome wipe he eye and also go to investigate . we focus on a extreme close up of he eyelash . loosen by Jerome 's hand , it break free and float gently down to the floor where it come to rest . int . gattaca aerospace corporation . morning . detective hugo , late-forty , wear a crime - scene hygenic suit and glove and a full clear mask - look more like a surgeon or a toxic waste worker than a detective - place a blood - spatter computer keyboard alongside the director 's shattered skull . the indentation match the blunt corner of the keyboard . Hugo detach the dangle keyboard from its parent computer and seal the likely murder weapon in a mark , transparent plastic bag . a crew of similarly - suite homicide detective systematically vacuum the surround office area with metallic , industrial - look mini-vacs . once each work space have be vacuume , the transparent plastic vacuum bag be detach , seal and label . other detective video the scene with camcorder . video print spit out of the camera for instant inspection . ext . gattaca - landscaped garden . day . a silicon police tape cordon off the crime scene . from the landscape garden , a crowd of gattaca employees view the proceedings through the glass wall . employee 1 ( stare at the director 's body ) awful . employee 2 yeah , awful it do not happen < i>sooner < / i>. nervous smirk from nearby employee . we focus on jerome . stand slightly apart from the other , he do not appear to share the joke , or perhaps even hear it . Jerome watch , wide - eye , as a detective approach he work station with a mini - vac . a chill go through Jerome as the detective 's cleaner pass over he desk . Jerome be distract by a smear on the window , obstruct he view . without think , he breathes on the glass and rub the smear away with he elbow . nearby , elderly janitor , caesar notice Jerome 's fastidious act and read the panic in Jerome 's eye . director josef suddenly appear at Jerome 's shoulder . stand a pace behind the director , computer notepad in hand , be irene . director josef you be lucky to be get out of this . jerome we be still go ahead as plan ? director josef the launch window be only open until week 's end . tragic though this event may be , it have not stop the planet turn . he glance towards a group of detective head by hugo . director josef you will have to excuse I , Jerome . I have to meet with the authority -- naturally , we be co-operate in any way , although I will not tolerate a major disruption . ( as he depart ) I wish I be go with you , Jerome . as the pair depart , Jerome and irene exchange a glance . irene be also aware of Jerome 's unease . int . gattaca - corridor . day . we focus on jerome 's eyelash , still lie on the floor . a huge crescent - shape hair that fill the screen . suddenly there be a roar of a mini-vac and the eyelash be suck up . we follow the eyelash 's journey , down the throat of the cleaner into the specimen bag where it be suck against the bag 's clear , plastic wall . int . gattaca - computer complex . day . the director 's corpse be seal in a plastic bodybag and wheeled away on a gurney . the blood and other body matter from the murder scene be suck up by a portable wet-vac and the sample bag appropriately label . ext . gattaca - courtyard cafeteria . day a chime sound over the p.a. follwe by a announcement . announcer ( oc ) thank you for you co-operation . please return to you work station immediately . the programmers get to they foot en masse and begin filing into the work room . employee 3 ( sarcastic aside ) what , no counsell ? int . gattaca computer complex - director' office . day . a woman assistant whose keyboard be use in the attack have to pause as a maintenance worker give she work station a final spray to return it to its former pristine condition . a new keyboard be plugge into she monitor to replace the one take as evidence . int . gattaca computer complex . day . jerome open he desk drawer to check he comb , now pluck completely clean . he carefully place two of Eugene 's hair to the comb and scatter another bag of fraudulent matter around he work station . int . gattaca - simulator room . day . in a large , bare room a simulator do a slow dance back and forth on its hydralic leg , miming the path of the space craft Jerome will soon be aboard . the simulation end and jerome exit the simulator through a small door . irene hesitantly approach , carry a slim electronic tablet . irene Excuse I , Jerome . I be sorry to bother you . Jerome turn , not displease by the interruption . jerome no bother . irene ( refer to she notepad ) I have be ask to compile a log for the investigator -- they want to know everyone 's whereabouts last night . jerome last night ? I be at home . irene make a note with she stylus . irene can that be , er , verify ? be you alone ? jerome no it can not be verify . yes I be alone . irene make another note . jerome ( wry smile ) look bad , do not it , irene ? what about < i>you ? </ i> where be you last night ? irene I be at home . jerome be < i>you < / i> alone ? irene ( hesitant ) yes . jerome ( teasing ) so we do not know for sure about you , either . irene ( wary , wonder where the conversation be head ) no . jerome why do not we say we be together ? irene ( confuse ) why would we do that ? jerome I have better thing to do this week than answer the foolish question of some flatfoot . do not you ? irene contemplate the question . jerome ( gently press ) well , shall we say we spend the evening together ? irene be still unsure whether or not Jerome be serious . irene to be convincing , Jerome , I would have to know what that be like . irene turn and depart . Jerome watch she go . int . eugene's condominium . night . the paraplegic eugene , seat by the window , meticulously cut a long fingernail into numerous clipping . he place the clipping in small plastic bag and seal they . he then begin to fill tiny sachet with blood . he turn as he hear jerome enter down the spiral staircase with the grocery . eugene you do not forget the truffle ? jerome place the item in the refrigerator in the bathroom and retrieve a bottle of vodka - the vodka incongruous - look beside the blood and urine specimen . join Eugene at he workbench , he pour they both a drink . eugene ( sense something amiss , try to keep he humor ) who die ? jerome the Mission director . eugene ( misinterprete the deadpan remark ) you wish . jerome they find he in he office this morning -- beat so bad they have to check he nametag . Eugene take in the news , a smile broaden across he face . eugene what a act of benevolence - - a service to the community . so that 's it . now there 's nothing between you and ignition . jerome he be still warm when they confirm . eugene ( confuse by Jerome 's attitude ) this call for a celebration . do not it ? jerome the place be crawl with hoover . eugene so what ? you do not kill he , do you ? Jerome shoot he a glance for the inappropriate remark . jerome that 's not the point . eugene ( scoffing ) hey , how much of you can be there ? even if the " J. edgar " do find something , in a week -- ( glance up to the night sky ) you will be slightly out of they jurisdiction . ( gently chide ) come on , we have get to get drunk immediately . jerome ( still temper Eugene 's enthusiasm ) you be go to have to earn you supper . I have get my final physical tomorrow . Jerome wheel Eugene 's chair to a specially construct platform that allow the wheel to spin in mid-air . Jerome tape a electrode to Eugene 's chest and attaches the wire to a slim recording device . Eugene begin to spin the wheel of the chair faster and faster . Jerome monitor Eugene 's steady heartbeat through a set of headphone . int . gattaca aerospace corporation - computer complex . night . the complex be virtually empty - only a handful of the hundred of programmers work late into the night . irene approach jerome 's work station on the pretext of deliver some document . try to act casually , she look under the papers on he desk , then open the top desk drawer . we see a extreme close up of the comb lie there - the two hair trap between the tooth of the comb . irene remove one of the follicle and drop it into a envelope she be carry . int . 24 - hour sequencing lab . night . " sequencing - while -u-wait " . similar to a 1 - hour photo lab , the store - little more than a booth - display a price list on the wall . " full sequence - $ 80 " . irene wait in line with a cross - section of other customer . she check the content of the envelope that contain the hair . the young woman in line ahead of she allow the technician to take a swab from she full lip with a q-tip . technician how old ? young woman ( confuse ) < i> I ? </i > technician ( muster patience , refer to the q-tip ) the < iyspecimen < / i >. youung woman ( proudly ) I kiss he five minute ago . a real good one . overhear , several people in the line snicker . technician ( long-suffering ) I will see what I can do . the technician hand the swab to a assistant . the Young woman be hand a number and take a seat . irene hand she envelope over the counter . she too be hand a number . we follow Jerome 's follicle as another technician place it in a analyze machine . int / ext . sequencing lab / parking lot . night . the technician return the envelope to irene along with a miniature compact disc . technician ( remark on the profile result ) 9.4... very nice . irene do not appear to share the technician 's enthusiasm . she emerge from the sequence lab and enter she car . take a palm - top computer from she purse , she insert the disc into the computer . Jerome 's counterfeit genetic profile appear on the screen . the detail confirm she worst fear . ext . michael' dinner club . night . jerome and eugene , dress to the nine , pull up in the car to a darken doorway in a poorly light street . a valet appear out of the shadow . familiar with the car , he go immediately to the trunk to retrieve Eugene 's collapsible wheelchair . Jerome tip the valet - a credit card wipe through a device . int . michael' dinner club . night . the chic , elegant establishment inside bely its darken exterior . jerome wheel eugene into a decadent dinner club full of a odd assortment of people . they be immediately greet respectfully by michael , the owner and maitre d' . Jerome and Eugene be obviously regular . michael good evening , gentleman . you table be ready . ( refer to Jerome 's mission ) not long now , sir . you will be upstairs before you know it . we be go to miss you . jerome not as much as I will miss you stroganoff . I would like to take one of you chef with I . int . michael' dinner club . night . in a secluded booth jerome and eugene toast from a bottle of 1999 vintage bordeaux . Eugene drink longer than Jerome . Jerome dab he mouth with a napkin . he fail to notice a minute flake of skin dislodge from he chin . we follow the flake as it come to rest beneath the table . later , Eugene and Jerome watch couple dance a samba on the dance floor . a waiter vacuum the table with a discreet , handheld miniature vacuum while a waitress clear the plate . she accidentally drop a knife onto Eugene 's leg . waitress ( aghast at the sight of he lifeless leg ) I be so sorry . do I hurt you ? eugene ( smile , a trace of bitterness ) honey , if you would hurt I , I would be cure . Eugene , the worse for drink , grope for the waitress 's leg but she easily avoid he clumsy pass . eugene you want to meet a real - life spaceman ? Jerome , always aware , scan the club , suddenly spy napoleon , he gattaca colleague , on the other side of the room . napoleon be take a hit from a vial conceal in he hand . Jerome abruptly turn he back to avoid be recognize . jerome let 's get out of here . eugene ( knock back he drink , misinterprete the hasty departure ) you be right , there 's more atmosphere where you be go . int / ext . car . night . driving along the freeway , Jerome 's car suddenly dive down a escape road . eugene look sideways at jerome . jerome you drive . int / ext . car . night . the car careen around and around a small circular building - a cloud of dust billow up behind the car . we focus on a brick wedge against the car 's gas pedal . eugene be at the wheel , jerome in the passenger seat . the hard turn be repeat with increase recklessness , Eugene fight to control the buck car . eugene ( scream in both fear and exhilaration ) I gotta stop !! I gotta stop !! jerome keep go !! keep go !! finally the car spin to a halt in a cloud of dust . when the dust settles it be reveal that they have be circle the base of a huge satellite dish in a desolate location . ext . satellite dish . night . eugene lie on the hood of the car , lean against the windshield , drink from a bottle of vodka . in the background , the unmanned satellite dish . jerome relieve himself against the building at the base of the satellite . eugene ( gently chide Jerome over the joyride ) you idiot . you could ruin everything with a stunt like that . Eugene spy a spacecraft launching from gattaca city . eugene ( gaze up into the night sky ) at least up there you piss will be worth something . ( smile at the think ) you will all be shower in it , right ? jerome ( zipping he fly ) and drink it . it 's like evian by the time it 's filter . eugene ( refer to the rocket ship ) what < i>is < / i > that one ? Jerome do not bother to look in the direction of the craft but merely glance to he watch . he join Eugene on the hood of the car . jerome ( look at he watch ) 11.15 to the port . a maintenance crew . eugene how long do you stay up there before you go ? jerome a day or so . eugene ( beam ) I still can not believe they be send you to the belt -- you of all people -- never mean to be bear , on a mission to discover the origin of life . Eugene laugh to himself and pass the bottle to Jerome . jerome you should be go instead of I . Jerome tap Eugene 's lifeless leg with he foot . jerome up there they would not be a problem . eugene ( glance heavenward , shaking he head ) you know I be scared of height . int . crime laboratory - autopsy room . night . the body and clothing of the mission director , lie on a metal examine table be scan with a blue-light magnify instrument . fingernail specimen be take for analysis . in another area of the laboratory , the label vacuum bag be attach to analyzer and the content suck out and automatically identify . id name and photograph of gattaca employees begin appear on a computer screen at high speed along with other personal detail - all data automatically logge for later review . the photograph and personal detail of jerome and irene flash past , amongst the face of other employee . we focus on a magnify close up of jerome' eyelash , still cling stubbornly to the side of its specimen bag . we continue to follow its journey as it be finally suck into the analyzer . int . crime lab - analyzer machine . night . Inside the machine , a minute , cell - thin sliver be slice from jerome' eyelash and analyze . int . investigator's crime lab . night . a severe human tongue sit on a tray in a sterile , seal chamber . use glove that protrude through the chamber 's glass wall , face bury in a binocular eyepiece , the investigator take a swab from the tongue . investigator ( to the tongue , as he insert the tip of the swab into a analyzer ) let 's see what you have get to say for yourself . a female assistant , look on , hardly have time to smile at the remark before information begin to appear on a nearby computer terminal . the computer gradually build a portrait of the owner of the tongue use genetic predictor . the investigator wander over to the window as he Assistant read the information from the screen . assistant the tongue be male . mature . blonse hair . Brown eye . Light complexion . between 5'11 and 6'1 . pronounce caucasian nose . thin lip . weak chin . lobeless ear . prematurely bald . slightly bow-legge . Broad shoulder . barrel chest ... ( pause ) blind . investigator ( interest pique ) < i> blind ? </ i> ( mildly amused , check the monitor for himself ) the tongue be < i>blind ? < / i > assistant ( confuse ) who cut out the tongue of a blind man ? investigator ( shrug ) someone who be mindful that the blind still speak . the investigator be alert by the chime of he nearby computer . on the screen , he discover the face of 20 - year -old vincent and the accompany flash message : < i> tracking in -valid 883000181105 - 10 - new data -< / i > int . condominium complex - parking garage . night . have plugge he car into a overnight charge , jerome push eugene in he wheelchair to the elevator . bottle in hand , Eugene lean over and vomit on the ground . Jerome shake he head resignedly . Eugene look drunkenly up at Jerome . eugene ( sarcastically refer to the pool of vomit ) I be sorry . do you want it ? Jerome meet Eugene 's gaze . there be a trace of bitterness in Eugene 's drunken smile . eugene let I get it for you . Eugene bend down to scoop up some vomit with he hand but the elevator arrive and Jerome quickly wheel he away . Eugene 's head flop to the side as he pass out . int . eugene's condominium . night . jerome unlock eugene 's condo and wheel he chair inside . we see they reflection in a full - length mirror as Jerome push Eugene to the bedroom . after remove Eugene 's soile clothing , he heave the tall man from the chair and onto the bed . eugene ( maudlin , sobbing like a child ) I be sorry . I be sorry . jerome ( attempt to comfort ) it 's okay , Eugene . eugene you know I be not drunk -- I know what I be do when I walk in front of that car -- jerome -- what car ? -- go to sleep . eugene -- I walk right in front of it . I be never more sober in my life . Jerome look at Eugene 's lifeless leg , try to cover he shock at the revelation . jerome it 's all right . eugene ( grab Jerome by the collar ) I be proud of you , Vincent . Eugene 's head fall back onto the pillow . jerome ( smile to himself ) you must be drunk to call I Vincent . but Eugene do not reply , drift into sleep once again . Jerome pull a blanket over he . on the verge of leave , Jerome 's attention be draw to a wall on the far side of the room . approach the wall , near Eugene 's mirrore closet , he detect a faint mechanical whir come from inside the adjacent condominium . Jerome contemplate investigate but exit the condominium instead - climb the spiral staircase to he own condominium . int . jerome' condo - live room . night . jerome fastidiously vacuum with a upright cleaner . use a hose attachment he clean around a picture frame that contain Jerome 's original computer keyboard handdrawn on the flap of a cardboard box . int . gattaca - computer complex . day . in the vast room of computer programmers we pull - focus to discover that we have be filming the complex through the transparent specimen bag contain jerome' eyelash . on the mezzanine floor overlook the scene of the crime , the investigator hold the bag , transfix by the lash . the lead homicide detective , detective hugo , finish interview a gattaca security guard and approach the investigator . a large telescope in the background . although Hugo be deferential to he more youthful superior , he body language betray he displeasure . Hugo clearly do not relish the investigator 's involvement in he case . detective hugo I do not understand why you be drag out here , Sir . it 's hardly worth waste you time - - a no - nothing case like this . investigator ( gently rebuke he subordinate ) a man 's dead , detective . detective hugo of course , Sir . we be check the entry log , alibis , grudge ... investigator grudge ? detective hugo ( look out over the balcony ) I look around , I see a lot of dry eye . the director be not ... ( search for the word ) ... universally love . he be lead the cut - back in the program . you be look at a room full of motive . investigator ( shaking he head adamantly , refer to the bag in he hand ) no , < i>this < / i > be you man . detective hugo ( not so convinced ) with respect , Sir - - it may be the only unaccountable specimen but the profile suggest -- investigator -- what < i>about < / i> he profile ? Hugo refer to a print - out of 20 - year-old vincent 's profile include he genetic quotient . ( the fifteen - year - old photo of Vincent now bear little resemblance to he assume identity . ) detective hugo accord to this , he 's a sick man . congenital heart condition . who know how long the specimen have be here but there 's a 80 percent chance the owner of that eyelash have already die himself from natural cause . investigator ( terse ) so there 's a 20 percent chance he 's < i>not < / i> dead . detective Hugo go to comment further , then revise he remark in he head before speak . detective hugo even if this Vincent Luca < i>is < / i > alive , be it likely he could bludgeon a man to death ? investigator no. not < i>likely < / i>. the investigator 's tone suggest that the identity of the culprit be no longer a matter for debate . there be a awkward pause before the detective fall into step with he superior . detective hugo I take it you be think along the line of a robbery go sour - - a thief disturb in the act ? the investigator merely shrug . detective hugo ( skeptical ) of course that do not jibe with what we find . this be a angry kill . investigator ( glance to the profile in Hugo 's hand ) who know with this " deficient " ? his profile indicate a proclivity for violence . detective hugo ( try to appear co-operative ) I will run a crossover on the eyelash for any family or associate connection -- investigator -- I have already run it . there 's no record of any live relative . detective hugo what a pity . investigator ( irritate , glance to the sample bag ) detective Hugo , it 's a simple case of lose and find . all we have to do be locate the man who 's minus a eyelash and this murder will solve itself . we focus on jerome at he work station . although he continue to work , he clrarly feel the presence of the investigator on the mezzanine floor behind he . a medical director approach the programmer in the neighbor work station - napoleon , the programmer Jerome encounter in the nightclub the previous evening . medical director napoleon , you be late for you substance test . napoleon look up , ashen -face . Jerome intervene . jerome director , napoleon 's help I today . the director regards both man suspiciously . medical director well , you take it < i>for < / i> he , Jerome . the Medical director depart . napoleon , stunne by the reprieve , approach Jerome 's work station and pretend to study the program on he computer screen . napoleon why do you do that ? jerome ( exite to the testing lab ) do not worry about it . int . gattaca - testing lab . day . from behind we observe jerome stand in front of lamar , issue forth he steady stream of fraudulent urine . ext . gattaca aerospace corporation - workout CENTER . day . twenty gattaca employees , identically - outfit man and woman , run in a perfectly straight line towards the tranquil lake of the picturesque grounds , never get any closer to they goal . they run at a steady 10 mph on twenty identical state - of - the- art treadmill machine sink into the floor and arrange in a uniform row face a floor to ceiling window . the strain be beginning to show on many of the face . the heartrate of each employee be monitor via a wireless electrode attach to the chest . outside in the sunshine the next batch of twenty employees limber up in readiness for they physical . jerome 's only preparation consist of thoughtfully drag on a cigarette while stare out at the man-made lake . his nonchalant attitude dishearten nearby colleague , include irene who be amongst a group of worker excuse from the run by benevolent , over - protective trainers . trainer you be excuse , irene . you may resume you duty . on the way into the work - out facility Jerome stub out he cigarette in a stainless steel ashtray . only we be aware of the slim credit card - size recording device that he furtively slip out of he cigarette pack and secret in he hand . as he take he place on one of the treadmills and adhere the cordless electrode to he chest , Jerome surreptitiously attaches he device to the underside of the run machine 's control panel . int . gattaca - work -out observation room . day . from a mezzanine floor above the work - out room , lamar , the medical officer , monitor computer read-out display the pace and pulse of the runner on each treadmill machine . int . gattaca - work - out CENTER . day . one by one the gattaca employees drop out until jerome be the sole remain runner . several of the other employee stand around and watch Jerome run as they towel off . he appear under little duress , stare directly ahead , seemingly in a trance . as we focus on he chest , only we be aware of the sound of he furiously pound heart make a lie of he calm exterior . int . gattaca - work -out observation room . day . Jerome 's heart register a far more measure beat on the computer in the observation room . the director be at lamar 's shoulder , beam proudly . lamar ( marvel at Jerome 's heartrate ) six mile later it 's still beat like a goddamn metronome . I could play piano by that heartbeat of he . the investigator and detective hugo enter the observation room , escort by irene . detective hugo director josef , this be we lead investigator . the two man exchange a polite handshake . however the investigator be immediately take with the sole runner with he back to he , on the treadmill below . investigator how often do you test , director ? director josef often . investigator ( intrigue ) surely you know what you have . director josef we have to be certain . once they be up , we can hardly turn the boat around . on the treadmill below , Jerome glance to he watch as he run , the distress start to show . caught up in the conversation , lamar have forget to end the work - out . remember , he finally press the " warm - down " button , slow the treadmill . lamar ( still marvel at Jerome ) I swear if I go to lunch and come back , he would still be there . we focus on Jerome 's recording device attach to the bottom of the control panel . it click to a stop , indicate that the bogus heartbeat recording have end before the workout . the heartbeat monitor in the observation room suddenly race from 80 to 250 beat per minute . lamar catch the discrepancy out of the corner of he eye but before he can take a second look , Jerome have whipped he electrode from he chest . the physician shrug it off as a glitch in the machine . the investigator have turn he back on Jerome to face the director . investigator we believe we have a suspect . director josef what a relief . investigator ( refer to the profile of vincent on Hugo 's computer notepad ) this unaccountable specimen be find in the south wing corridor . in the room below , Jerome nonchalantly step off the treadmill , stealthily retrieve the recording device from beneath the control panel and return it to he cigarette pack . he casually wipe off drop of sweat from the machine with a towel , briefly glance to irene with the investigator and exit to the locker room . the director idly regards the image of vincent on Hugo 's handheld screen . he do not recognize the face . detective hugo a age enhancement be be prepare as we speak . director josef ( refer to he assistant ) irene will make it available to security . int . gattaca - locker room . day . jerome wear he assure smile all the way along the corridor and into the now empty locker room . he exchange a cheery greeting with a exite colleague , enter a shower stall , close the door behind he and promptly collapse on the shower stall floor . the effect of the gruell work - out be only now apparent . no longer suck up the pain , he gulp air into he oxygen-starved lung , he heart look for a way through he tightened chest . he writhes in agony on the white - tile floor - a brutal reminder of the physical frailty he seek to disguise . ext . gattaca - garden . lunchtime . in gattaca 's perfectly landscape garden jerome , dress and recover from he ordeal , join he colleague for lunch at one of the umbrella- cover table . while most of the other pick at unappetize salad and take they individualized medication , Jerome carry a steak sandwich on he tray . the sight of the juicy steak be greet with envious look from he colleague . Jerome pretend not to notice and rub it in by liberally sprinkle salt onto the meat . however when Jerome look over towards irene , she avoid eye contact . when she abruptly get up and leave , Jerome follow - think twice before deposit the napkin in the nearby trashcan . a janitor reach for the napkin . it be the Old janitor , caesar , from Jerome 's former life . caesar I will take care of that for you , Mr morrow . the two man exchange a conspiratorial smile . ext . gattaca - wind farm . afternoon . a forest of wind turbine , supplying energy to the aerospace complex . however the blade of the turbine be motionless in the still afternoon . jerome finally catch up with irene . she turn , unsurprise by he appearance . stand beside she , he look out over the complex as if he too have come for the view . jerome ( eye fix on the view ) we be look at each other . you stop . irene , also keep she gaze ahead . irene I be sorry . I do not mean anything . jerome ( shrugging as if it make no difference to he ) we be just look . irene I know about you . Jerome turn to she , startle , try to read she face . irene take a deep breath and abruptly pluck a long , dark hair from she head . irene ( offer the hair to Jerome ) here , take it . Jerome , confuse , take the hair - more in reflex than intent . irene ( a challenge ) if you be still interested , let I know . Jerome contemplate the hair in he finger for a moment , then deliberately let it fall to the grounf . jerome ( never take he eye from she ) sorry , the wind catch it . irene meet he gaze . there be not a breath of wind . the hair lie , plainly visible on the ground . ext . gattaca aerospace complex . afternoon . as jerome and irene walk between the wind turbine , Jerome pretend not to notice that irene keep furtively check the pulse on she wrist . they pause in the shade . jerome ( as if make conversation ) have they find we friend ? irene friend ? jerome ( shrug ) it be a mercy - kill after all . irene they find a eyelash . jerome where ? irene in the South wing . jerome do it have a name ? irene just some in -valid . Vincent -- ( try to come up with the last name ) -- somebody . Jerome turn away to disguise he alarm . he quickly recover . jerome perhaps we ought to celebrate , irene . irene ( a smile play around she lip ) you celebrate , Jerome ? int . eugene's condo . night . eugene talk irritably on the phone , examine a container from a newly open case of hair bleach . eugene ( into phone ) -- I know what I order . I order " honey Dawn " and you send I " summer wheat " . jerome descend the staircase , take the step two at a time . he immediately go to the refrigerator , remove trays of sample . Eugene abruptly hang up the phone . jerome ( oc ) call german . eugene any particular reason ? jerome ( collect up sample bag from the work bench ) we can not stay here . eugene what be you talk about ? jerome they think I offed the director . Eugene wheel himself over to Jerome , unconcern . eugene what make they think that ? jerome they find my eyelash . eugene ( a flicker of anxiety ) where ? jerome in a corridor . eugene ( blas '' once again ) could be worse . they could have find it in you eye . Jerome half - smile despite the situation . jerome ( resume he collection of sample ) come on -- we be take off . eugene I be not go anywhere . less than a week to go . not on you life -- jerome -- you do not understand , they will make the connection , they will hoover again . we should cut we loss . eugene ( angrily grab a tray from Jerome 's hand ) where be you head , Jerome ? you be act like a guilty man . they will not marry the eyelash to you . they will not believe that one of they elite navigator could have sucker they for the last five year . jerome they will recognize I . eugene ( scoffing ) how could they recognize you ? ( refer to the tear photo of 20 - year - old Vincent on the wall ) < i>i < / i> do not recognize you . anyway , you do not have a choice . you run , you may as well sign a confession , turn we both in right now . no , we stick this out -- find out what we can but change nothing . this be a minor inconvenience be all it be . we have take worse heat than this . ( angry now ) Jesus , if I would know you be go to go belly up on I at the last fuck gasp , I would not have bother . you can not quit on I now . I have put too much into this . ( return the sample to the fridge ) besides , this stuff be < i>mine < / i>. I have other offer , you know . I could have rent myself out to somebody with a spine . you want I to wheel in there and finish the job myself ? ( meeting Jerome 's gaze ) we will take off all right , from pad 18 just like we plan . Jerome slump down in a chair , Eugene 's tirade start to get to he . eugene and keep you lash on you lid where they belong . how could you be so careless ? jerome I be sorry . ( reluctant admission ) I think I be cry . Eugene be uncomfortable at the notion . eugene well save that tear . Jerome shrug awkwardly and pour they both a drink . jerome you really have other offer ? eugene ( shrug ) I be sure I could have . int . condominium - incinerator . night . the naked jerome scrape away at he skin with even great ferocity than usual . after exite the incinerator , he deposit all the incriminate trash he have collect during the day into the furnace and ignites the gas . int . eugene's condominium . night . from outside , a car horn sound . jerome , in a formal suit and spectacle , abruptly enter the condominium . he go to a closet and start search through Eugene 's clothes . jerome mind if I borrow a tie ? eugene be more interested in the car park outside the condominium . irene sit in a convertible citroen DS , dress in a classic but provocative black suit . unaware that she be be observe she touch up she lipstick in the rearview mirror . eugene so it 's not just the hoover who have get you rattle . jerome you be the one who say not to change anything . she 's my ear to the investigation . eugene ( skeptical ) be that all ? jerome I have get enough on my mind without that . eugene if you say so . ( refer to the tie in Jerome 's hand ) the stripe . jerome ( agree with the selection ) good choice . Jerome fumble with the knot . from he chair , Eugene knot Jerome 's tie for he . Jerome be intrigue that for once Eugene be abstain - he have not touch he drink . jerome not thirsty ? ( refer to the fridge ) we have get enough virgin sample to last we the week . eugene I do not feel too good . I think I be still drunk from last night . jerome never stop you before . ( regard Eugene 's head ) and for God 's sake stop pluck you hair . someone go to a lot of trouble to make sure you would not go bald . eugene if I be you I would worry about myself . ( nodd to Jerome 's spectacle ) have not you forget something ? Jerome pocket the spectacle and enter the bathroom for he contact lense . the horn sound outside the window a second time and Jerome hastily exit . we stay with Eugene . irene catch a glimpse of he before he move away from the window . Jerome emerge from the building . as the couple drive away , Eugene wheel himself to the full length mirror . he regards he own reflection for a moment and open the mirror - a disguise door open into the adjacent apartment . a cloud of condense water vapor billow out . german , the DNA broker , emerge with a engineer . he send the engineer on he way and join Eugene at he desk . Eugene hand german a credit card that he wipe through he computer . german we still need to overhaul the back - up generator . ( fix Eugene with a penetrate stare ) what 's go on , Eugene , I think he be go away , not you -- you go on vacation ? eugene ( look away ) you get it , german . german ( nodd thoughtfully ) you deserve it . int . concert hall - auditorium . night . jerome and irene step over foot , apologize as they go , eventually find they seat in a box in a sell - out concert hall . on the stage below , a young pianist - a teenage prodigy - have already take he place at the key of a grand piano . the pianist remove he white glove and begin to play - a extremely complex and beautiful piece we have never hear before . irene look to jerome . he be clearly catch up in the music . ext . in - valid housing project . night . the music from the piano recital continue under the follow contrast action . a huge , brood housing project . people hang around on street corner . menace in the air - a feel of impending violence . suddenly unmark police car appear from all direction , block any escape route . dozen of plainclothes detective pour out of the car and onto the street . people scatter , many run straight into the arm of the detective . other , spilling out of the housing project , be also immediately apprehend . the detective quickly weed out that suspect not fitting Jerome 's description - women , old men and teenager . they be shepherd off the street . a line of in - valid be form several hundred yard long . detective begin to laboriously move along the line , take finger - prick blood sample from each suspect - instantly confirm they identity with portable analyzer wear on they hip . as if have the idea at the same time , two separate men suddenly bolt from the line , know that they blood will incriminate they . other detective , watch for such escape attempt , esaily apprehend they and escort they to a wait police van . with the raid under control , detective hugo indicate to the investigator that it be safe to exit he car . the investigator appear irritate , only half - glance at the two men already in custody , apparently certain that neither one be he suspect . detective hugo ( enthusiastic ) not we fish , but sometih stick in the net . the investigator clearly do not share Hugo 's enthusiasm . the detective offer the investigator a age enhance photograph , computer - generate from the last exist photo of vincent as a 20 - year-old . detective hugo this be the age enhancement we be work with . the investigator ignore the photo , prefer instead to trust he own eye as he wander along the line of suspect . detective hugo ( refer to the line - up ) as you request , we have keep the parameter wider than usual . the men they scrutinize be hardly mutant - the difference between a in - valid and a dan be subtle at best . some short , some wear glass , some with recede hairline or bald , many with no discernable physical difference at all . the investigator be only halfway down the line before he turn and start walk back to he car . the mystify detective Hugo follow he superior . investigator we be in the wrong place . we be waste time . detective hugo this < i>is < / i > the most likely location -- the investigator wheel on Hugo , suddenly angry , clearly unused to have he judgement question . investigator -- there 's that word again . I have a feel this man do not play the odd , detective . not exactly a slave to probability . be it " likely " that a man who have successfully elude authority for fifteen year -- a brutal killer -- be go to come to we now like a lamb ? detective hugo ( take aback by the outburst ) be there something more we should know about this suspect , Sir ? I mean besides what 's on he sheet . investigator since go underground , trace of this in - valid have show up at the scene of four serious felony . do you need any more than that ? detective hugo with respect , Sir , many perfectly innocent citizen have leave specimen at as many crime scene . maybe he 's just unlucky . investigator I do not like anybody < i> this < / i > unlucky . ( pause ) wide the sweep . the West side . draw a five mile radius around gattaca . Hoover some of the classier establishment . random car stop . detective hugo we be already get complaint about frivolous search . investigator this be a murder investigation . the public should be happy to co-operate , to get this disease off the street . int . concert hall . night . a stand ovation . the young pianist on the stage bow deeply , soaking up the applause of the audience . the pianist toss one of he white glove into the front row where it be catch by a ador fan . the second glove he toss up to the box where jerome and irene be stand . Jerome snare the glove out of the air and immediately hand it to irene . she promptly slip the glove on she own hand . the glove fit snugly over she five finger . however one finger of the glove remain unfill . Jerome be stunne to realize that it be a six - finger glove . irene ( catch he look of astonishment ) you do not know ? jerome ( try hard to convince ) yes ...< i>ye < /i>... irene ( pick up a resentment , confuse ) you be angry -- jerome why would I be angry ? it be beautiful . he quickly turn away to lead the applause . on stage , the pianist raise he hand to acknowledge the crowd . both he hand contain a perfectly form extra finger . int . in - valid housing project - prostitute's boudoir . night . from a upstairs window we observe the investigator 's car cruise slowly back into the squalid housing project . a man be buckle he pants at the window . JOHN shit ! one of that hoover be back . a prostitute , valerie , a slender , sylphlike beauty , join he at the window . valerie it 's alright . he 's here to see I . her client look at she askance . despite she assurance , he hurry into he clothes anyway . valerie ( to a unseen woman in the next room ) sonja , I can not see anyone else tonight . int . in - valid housing project - prostitute's boudoir . night . the investigator , sit up in the bed , glass in he hand . valerie lie on the tangle sheet , naked , make no effort to cover herself . she regards the investigator curiously . valerie I do not understand you , investigator . the investigator glance idly in she direction . valerie ( teasing good - naturedly ) you hunt we by day and fuck we by night . do you only get it up for in-valid ? the investigator smile and rejoin she on the bed . valerie would not you be happier with one of you make - to- order whore ? investigator ( gently stroking she hair ) you be so beautiful , be you sure you < i> be not < / i> alter ? this be not the face , the body , of a godchild . how could something so lovely be a product of chance ? valerie be that what keep you come back ? ( meeting he gaze ) look at you . such angry , beautiful , perfect eye . do you ever wonder what they would see if they be not quite so perfect ? they will never see what < i>i < / i> see . the investigator try to laugh off she assertion but he tight - lipped smile betray he displeasure . investigator ( a cruel edge to he voice ) you have so much wrong with you , you will be lucky to see next year . he roughly force himself on top of she but she remain defiant . valerie be you so much more alive , investigator ? investigator ( parting she leg ) I be not pay you to talk . int / ext . irene's car . night . irene drive , jerome at she side . Cars be be flagge down by uniform police officer . irene slow down behind the car in front . spy a officer shine a flashlight in the eye of the male driver up ahead , Jerome wipe the contact lense from he eye and flick they out of the passenger window when irene be not look . a officer approach Jerome and , without a word , open a electronic testing kit wear on he hip . he remove a sterilize q-tip and motion for Jerome to open he mouth so he can scrape a culture . Jerome wave he hand in front of he mouth , feign embarrassment . jerome ( conspiratorial ) better not . ( nodd in irene 's direction ) do not want to give you a contaminate specimen ... if you get my meaning . irene play along , shrugging coyly at the cop . we see a extreme close up of Jerome 's hand as he furtively retrieve a hair follicle attach to he shirt cuff . with the hair already in he finger , he pretend to pluck a hair from he head , fake a wince at the appropriate moment . the cop , wear transparent latex glove , take the follicle and place it in a receptacle in he kit . after a short moment the hair confirm jerome 's drive id which appear on the kit 's electronic screen . as the cop depart , irene look questioningly at Jerome . jerome thanks . ( answer she unask question ) you never know where that swab have be . irene nod , however clearly not convinced . she shake the doubt from she mind . irene I want to show you something . she accelerate away . we see the road ahead from Jerome 's Pov . without he contact lense , it be a blur . int . michael' club . night . after close time , suite detective vacuum the club in which Jerome and Eugene dine the previous evening . michael , the owner , look on disdainfully . wait in the background , the regular cleaners - most likely in-valid themselves - smirk to each other , enjoy watch the cop do they work for they . ext . ocean highway . night . with no place to turn the car around , irene park on the cliff side of the six - lane highway . in the darkness she dash from the car and , without a second think , run directly out into the heavy commuter traffic . easily negotiate the on-come car , she emerge safely on the other side of the highway . jerome , round the car from the passenger side , be about to follow , when he suddenly pull up sharply at the curb . we focus on he eye , deprive of the benefit of they contact lense . from Jerome 's Pov , we see that the headlight rush towards he be nothing but a series of fast - move blur - blur that merge together . he be unable to distinguish between the vehicle or judge they distance . irene ( call back urgently from the other side , mindful of the light beginning to leak into the sky ) come on ! we will miss it ! irene stare expectantly back at Jerome with she 20 / 20 vision , unaware of he predicament . Jerome put a foot off the curb at the wrong moment and be almost collect by a on-come car . irene be take -aback at he mistime . do she detect a squint on Jerome 's face ? to Jerome , the figure of irene on the other side of the highway be merely a featureless shape but he feel she expectation . he touch the spectacle , still in he pocket , but they be a unthinkable option . he shake the idea from he head and turn back to the swiftly - flow highway . he make up he mind - he cannot allow himself to be shame , even at the risk of life and limb . hardly even glance at the traffic , he suddenly bolt blindly across the road . headlights hurtle towards he , car fortuitously brush past he heel , horn blaring . Jerome make a final leap to the haven of the far curb , the rush of air from a large , fast - move truck blow he the final inch to the sidewalk . irene be stunne by the near miss . she be about to comment but Jerome take she by the arm and usher she towards the dune . jerome come on . we will miss it . ext . beach . dawn . jerome and irene huddle beneath a overcoat as the sun crest the horizon , stain the sky with a ochre blush . irene what do I tell you ? Jerome nod . however , to he eye the rise yolk be nothing but a out - of - focus , abstract ink blot . irene I envy you , Jerome . jerome you will be next . irene I do not think so . the only trip I will make in space be around the sun -- ( let a handful of sand slip through she finger ) -- on this satellite right here . irene turn to Jerome . irene ( blurt out what 's really on she mind ) -- listen , I do not want to waste you time and I < i>really < / i> do not want you to waste < i>mine < / i>. I do not know what you be after but I have a feel I be not it . irene suddenly take Jerome 's hand and put it up she sweater , onto she breast . although take aback , Jerome make no effort to withdraw he hand . irene ( enjoy he unease ) it 's here . my heart . ( add quickly ) I be careful - - weekly check -up . I be on a drug maintenance program , blood thinner , diet -- ( slowly remove he hand ) I just want you to know what you would be get yourself into . jerome what exactly be wrong ? irene nothing yet . I will start experience symptom in my late-fifty . ( matter-of -fact ) but unless they come up with something between now and then , I will not live much past 67 . Jerome 's mouth drop a little , betray he surprise at the statement from a woman plainly still in she twenty . irene of course I think about it every day . jerome ( still not quite recover from he surprise ) of course . int . pool . morning . the investigator swim he race with the unseen opponent . the investigator 's assistant , carry a phone , try to attract he attention . ext . jerome' pool . morning . jerome sit at he own poolside in he robe , foot dangle over the edge , smoking a cigarette . eugene , from he wheelchair , be apply bleach to Jerome 's hair and eyebrow with glove hand . at the same time , Jerome play a sleight - of - hand game with a syringe . eugene how be you evening ? jerome complicate . I could not stop she apologize . eugene ( teasing ) you < i>are < / i> a catch . no doubt she 's worried that she would lower the standard of you offspring . everybody want to " breed up " . ( idly curious ) what 's wrong with she ? jerome ( try to be blasÈ ) you know how it be with this alter birth -- somebody tell she she 's not go to live forever and she 's be prepare to die ever since . eugene you be not think of tell she , be you ? jerome of course not . but she 's have to know eventually . eugene ( adamant ) she do not < i>have < / i> to know . she do not < i>want < / i> to know . the camera travel down Jerome 's scar leg to find that the pool be completely drain . we now realize that it never contain water . a barren wasteland . a desolate landscape , resembling the surface of the planet Mars . we pull back to find that we be peer at this forbid desert through a circular aperture . int . crime lab . day . the investigator lift he head from the eyepiece of a electron microscope through which he have be examine a tiny fragment of skin - the skin be identify as belong to 20 - year -old vincent . detective hugo stand at the investigator 's side - he attitude more respectful in light of the discovery . detective Hugo point out a location on a computer - generate map . detective hugo ( chagrine ) the skin flake be find in Michael 's Restaurant . the employee be all account for . investigator a customer ? do this Michael 's cater to misfit ? detective hugo ( shifting the view of the map to include the gattaca complex ) no . but one or two " borrow ladder " have show up there in the past . the investigator understand the significance . they wander over to a blow - up photograph of the 20 - year -old vincent . detective hugo we have to consider the possibility that he 's play somebody else 's hand . a smile gradually broaden across the investigator 's face . investigator ( take a perverse pleasure in the slowly dawn revelation ) of course . he 's a " de-gene - erate " . ( glance to a photo of the gattaca crime scene ) he work at gattaca . why else would we find the eyelash near the washroom ? nobody stop to take a leak during a murder . detective hugo ( quickly cover himself ) it 's still possible the eyelash specimen come from a janitor , delivery man - - it could have blow in through a open window . the investigator appear not to be listen , he mind make up . investigator ( mind racing ) he be afraid of be expose . that 's why he do it . detective hugo ( puzzle ) it be hard to believe he could be one of they elite worker . you have see they security system . they know who work there . ( refer to 20 - year - old Vincent 's profile ) even if you ignore the man 's expiration date , he profile suggest that he do not have the mathematical propensity let alone the stamina to pass they physical . investigator do not underestimate this imposter . detective hugo ( skeptical , refer to a file of gattaca employee id photo ) none of the id photo match the enhancement . investigator ( smile to himself ) a man can change he face -- but blood be forever . sample every employee within the parameter I give you . ( pause ) intravenous . Hugo 's mouth drop open at the mention of " intravenous " . detective hugo ( immediately protest ) you know they workforce . two - third at least fall into the category . we will be close down they operation for day . ( seek a compromise ) at least go with a fingertip sample or urine . investigator ( shaking he head ) blood . from the vein . the investigator turn on he heel to prevent further protest . the detective and he assistant exchange look of exasperation behind the investigator 's back . int . gattaca . day . jerome , drink water , stand in front of a large video bulletin board . among other thing , it display the electronic mugshot of 20 - year -old vincent alongside the recent computer generate age enhancement of he face . some distance away , caesar , the elderly janitor , discuss the mugshot with a younger janitor . caesar look like anybody to you ? younger janitor not to I . caesar Ugly sonofabitch though , be not he ? Jerome half -smile , realize that the conversation be for he benefit . have make it clear that they do not intend to expose they former colleague , the two janitor continue they round . Jerome crush he paper cup . forgetting himself , he drop the cup into the wastebasket . int . craft . day . jerome familiarize himself with the interior of a spacecraft under the supervision of director josef and the mission commander . the screen that Jerome sit at be identical to the one he operate in the computer complex - display asteroid 951 gaspra . director josef -- somewhere in the dust of gaspra be the key . ( warming to he theme ) back to the beginning of the book -- the life we become . with the original building block who know how far we can take " the godd " . mission commander ( wry smile ) even someone as advanced as Jerome will be last year 's model by the time we be do . jerome ( smile back ) I would not get you hope up , Commander . irene enter the craft . irene Excuse I , Mr morrow . the investigator have begin they testing . detective josef this be so inconvenient , irene . they can make a exception for Jerome . irene I be afraid not . director josef I apologize , Jerome . jerome it 's not yor fault , director . ( afterthought ) if you predecessor be still around we may not be go to gaspra at all . that 's what < i>i < / i> would call inconvenient . Jerome exit the craft with irene . int . gattaca corporation - corridor . day . a line of male gattaca employees snake out the door and down the corridor . the investigator walk slowly down the line , try to eyeball he suspect . concentrate on the short , dark - haire man in the line , he look straight past jerome . however , as the investigator ignore he and walk by , we see a haunt look in Jerome 's eye . int . gattaca - testing lab . day . every available technician be work to accommodate the testing of the thousand or so programmers . twelve testing station operate simultaneously . a homicide detective supervise each station . jerome reach the head of the line . he note a exite colleague hold a cotton ball to he arm . a nurse direct Jerome to lamar 's testing station . lamar deposit the previous patient 's label vial into a blood carousel under the watchful eye of a large detective , clearly not relishing he assignment . Jerome roll up he sleeve . jerome ( refer to the table line with syringe ) what 's with the plunger , lamar ? what be you do , open a blood bank ? the syringe be clearly not lamar 's idea . lamar ( sarcastic ) the gentleman of law enforcement be concerned that my testing method may have be compromise . lamar insert a fresh syringe into Jerome 's arm . as lamar draw the blood , Jerome suddenly flinch and flexe he arm violently , cause the needle to bend and buckle , exite the skin from a second puncture point . jerome damn !! have pull away from lamar 's grasp , Jerome withdraw the bent needle himself , blood still squirting from he vein . lamar ( grab a nearby wad of gauze ) Jesus -- I be sorry , Jerome . the large homicide detective wince and turn away from the red arcing spray , a splash of blood spattering he shoe . in the midst of the commotion , with he practise sleight - of -hand , Jerome remove the vial from the syringe and replace it with another conceal vial . jerome ( unfaze , put lamar at he ease ) you must be out of practise , lamar . lamar hurriedly take the syringe from Jerome . lamar ( examine and remove the switch vial from the bent syringe ) I have get enough here . jerome ( regard the squimish detective , as he hold the gauze to he arm ) need any more , you can always get it off he shoe . the detective notice the spatter of blood across he brogue and , with a look of disdain , wipe it clean . he toss the incriminate tissue down a hygenically seal garbage shoot . lamar place Jerome 's label vial in the carousel where it be immediately analyze by the computer . Jerome 's " legitimate " employee id code appear on the screen - < i > " valid " < / i>. another employee enter the testing lab . int . gattaca . day . jerome exit the testing lab with the gauze hold to he arm . irene be stand outside the door . irene so you do not do it after all . jerome ( joke darkly ) I guess somebody beat I to it . int . gattaca - mezzanine floor . later in the day . from above , the investigator and hugo observe the final employee exit the testing lab . lamar , follow the employee out of the lab , throw a look of vindication to the two cop . detective hugo that 's the last . investigator something 's not right . detective hugo ( lose he patience ) he 's not here . it 's a blind alley . investigator ( resolute ) no , we have miss something . we Hoover again . detective hugo we do not have the manpower . investigator get it . from outside , if you have to . detective hugo from what budget ? investigator ( angere by Hugo 's excuse ) I will take it out of you damn < i>pension < / i> if you question my authority one more time ! the investigator turn he back on he subordinate and idly contemplate the nearby telescope . Hugo resignedly relay the news to director josef who be stand some distance away . josef 's immediate reaction be to march towards the investigator , Hugo trail behind . director josef collect himself as he notice the investigator 's hand on the telescope . director josef would you care to look -- in the telescope ? investigator thank you , no . director josef ( still refer to the telescope ) one look through there and you would know why I can not possibly allow you to disrupt operation any further . investigator ( unfaze ) you be so unconcern that you have a killer in you midst . director josef right now , < i>your < / i > presence be create more of a threat . I do not think you have any concept of what we do here -- how meticulous we preparation must be . we be about to send twelve people through 140 million mile of blackness to rendezvous with a object the size of a house and the color of coal . so it 's rather critical to point they in the right direction . and we certainly do not need you look over we shoulder . besides , I do not believe there be any evidence that the killer < i>is < / i> amongst we . I do not see too many other dead body littering the place . investigator ( surveying the mostly empty facility ) no , but since there be not too many < i>live < / i> one tonight either , you will not mind we conduct one further sweep . if he do not work here , then there should be no other trace of he . ( to Hugo ) I think you would better get some people out of bed , detective . ( a think occur ) in the meantime we can re-check he favorite haunt . director josef quietly seethes . investigator ( to josef , refer to the telescope ) you see , director , I prefer my microscope . int . eugene's condominium . day . jerome ready himself for a evening out - a bandage around he arm from the needle puncture . eugene wheel himself in . eugene where be we go ? jerome ( slightly guilty ) I be sorry . I have get plan . eugene ( feign hurt ) again ? jerome ( refer to he bandage ) she 's already get she doubt . I have to act like nothing 's wrong . eugene I be sure you will be very convincing . Jerome ignore the remark . eugene where be you take she ? jerome Michael 's . Eugene look at he askance . jerome everybody go there . eugene ( incredulous , glance around the room ) you may as well invite she here . jerome ( afterthought as he pick up he jacket ) will you be okay ? eugene do not worry about you little pin cushion . to be honest , I be look forward to have the place to myself . jerome ( see through the bravado ) we will still be able to talk when I be away . the conversation will just keep get longer . eugene how long ? jerome by the time I be at the belt , you phone and say , " how be you ? " forty - five minute later I reply , " not bad . how be you ? " eugene I guess I would better have something important to say if it take that long to get a answer . int . michael' club . night . irene and jerome step off the dance floor of the smoky , decadent dinner club and take a seat at they table . irene be agog at the strange assortment of patron , the cigar , the laden dessert trolley . it be all slightly off from the pristine world she be accustom to . irene what < i>is < / i> this place ? jerome ( wry smile , enjoy she fascination ) you have never be here ? ( a dessert trolley be wheeled up ) let I order for you . Jerome select a chocolate torte from the trolley . Jerome savor a spoonful . irene be tempt but then remember herself . irene I would better not . she reach for she elegant pill box . Jerome take another spoonful . jerome so sure of what you can not do . do you even know what it taste like , irene ? irene go to deny it but cannot . michael suddenly approach the table with a waiter in tow . irene be about to steal a taste of the dessert with she finger when they plate and glass be whisk away and the table immediately hoover . Michael whisper in Jerome 's ear . michael take the side door . Jerome look up in time to see detective hugo come through the front entrance with several other detective . detective ( to he colleague ) check for lense , hairpiece -- a detective shine a flashlight in the eye of a male patron . a second detective tug the hair of a second patron . Jerome take irene by the hand and escort she out of the side exit . several other couple make for the parking lot . irene why be we leave ? jerome ( attempt to explain the hasty exit ) that check take forever . ext . michael be club - side alley . night . spill out of the exit , jerome and irene find a burly plain clothes detective barring they way . before the detective can say a word , Jerome have wrap he fist in he jacket sleeve and smashed he in the face . he continue to beat the detective until he lie motionless on the ground . irene ( stunne ) Jerome ! spy other detective some distance away in the parking lot . Jerome lead irene out of a hide side gate . irene what about the car ? jerome ( grab she by the hand ) let 's walk . irene who be they ? jerome ( hold he bruise knuckle ) it 's not safe . I should not have bring you here . Jerome drag irene across a vast , desolate lot , light only by moonlight . feeling expose , he break into a run . irene I can not . jerome ( anxious ) come on . irene my medication . I leave it back there . jerome we will get it later . ( force she to look he in the eye ) irene , please . irene realize he seriousness . she begin to run with he . the clear be wider than Jerome anticipate . they be only halfway across - extremely vulnerable if the detective think yo look in they direction . int . michael 's. night . the investigator be grill michael , the club 's owner . the investigator suspiciously regards the multitude of mini-vacs in the kitchen and the incinerator burn the refuse . investigator ( a accuse tone ) you run a clean establishment . michael be you a health inspector ? investigator ( show Vincent 's mugshot ) do you recognize this man ? michael my eye be not so good . investigator I bet . Hugo call out from the side door where he have discover he fall colleague . hugo Sir . the investigator hurry to he . investigator ( to the still daze detective , examine he injury ) do he hit you with he fist ? detective ( head in he hand ) more like a hammer . investigator ( reprimand the beat detective ) do not touch you face . do not swallow . do not spit . ( to Hugo ) Quick , clean he tooth . Hugo use a flashlight and a small dental - like implement to try to pick skin from Jerome 's knuckle from between the detective 's tooth . the investigator find the hide side door . ext . desolate lot . night . jerome and irene continue to sprint across the enormous vacant lot in the moonlight , splash through deposit of mud and water . just as the gate open in the distance , Jerome hurl irene into the safety of the undergrowth on the other side . irene , out of breath , desperately feel for she pulse . irene ( upset , a strangle protest ) be you try to kill I ? be you ?! do not you understand , I can not do that ! Jerome tenderly remove irene 's hand from she pulse . jerome you just do . irene look back across the vast clear they have just negotiate , realize what she have just do . from across the other side of the clear come a echoing cry from the center figure . investigator ( oc ) Vincent ! Vincent ! ext . michael 's. night . the investigator be about to cry out Vincent 's name once again when he realize detective hugo and the other detective be watch he , askance . investigator ( to Hugo , cover he frustration ) what be you wait for ? detective hugo where do we start ? investigator we will vacuum this street if we have to . detective ( hand the investigator irene 's pill box ) we catch they try to flush this , Sir . the investigator carefully examine the heart pill . ext . irene's apartment . night . jerome walk irene to the step of she apartment . Jerome think about depart but irene take he gently by the hand . irene so sure of what you can not do . Jerome follow she inside . int . irene's bedroom . night . jerome and irene climb a staircase to she bedroom . without another word they begin to make love . later that night , jerome can not sleep . he rise quietly so as not to disturb irene . he silently open the double - window of the upstairs bedroom . he carefully gather he pillow from the bed and shake it out of the window . slowly Jerome turn to gaze at the wood floor . in the moonlight we see a extreme close up of a single hair lie on the floorboard . Jerome bend and pick up the hair , try to identify it in the dim light . on he hand and knee he try to clean the floor with a towel . irene turn over in the bed . Jerome freeze but she continue to sleep . he realize he may be spread even more of he skin and hair over the floor . overcome with frustration and the enormity of he task , he begin to quietly weep . ext . a field . dawn . a light shroud of mist hang over the tree that encircle a grassy clear beyond irene 's building . something lie in the center of the clear . we jump - cut to a extreme close up of two or three blade of grass . bristle rain down on the blade . withotu access to he incinerator , the crouch , naked figure of jerome dispose of he whisker , skin and hair in a open field . his clothes sit in a neat pile at he side . he pour glycolic acid over he body and scrub at he back , foot and hand with a brush . there be a haunt , torture look in he eye as he try desperately to rid himself of himself . int . pool . morning . the investigator swim obsessively in he aquatic treadmill . int . irene's apartment . later that morning . back in the bedroom , jerome , partially dress , hold irene in bed . she softly touch the scar on he shin . irene ( refer to the shin ) what happen ? jerome you remember the ' 99 Chrysler lebaron ? it 's the exact height of the front fender . ( shrug ) look right instead of leave . irene ( comfort by the think ) so you be not so smart after all . ( awkward about raise the subject ) I want you to know -- if it ever come to it -- I would be willing to get a ovum from the Egg Bank . in fact , I would < i>rather < / i > use a donor egg -- ( quickly cover herself again ) --< i>if < / i> it come to it . jerome but " if it come to it " then it could not have you -- ( search for a appropriate body part ) -- nose . ( stroking she face ) how perfect do you child have to be ? irene ( mildly irritate by what she perceive as he mock ) you hypocrite . do you think for one moment you would be do what you be do if it be not for who you be --< i> what < / i > you be ? do not you get < i>any < / i> satisfaction know that you child will be able to live to a ripe old age unless they do something foolish ? jerome that 's precisely what < iyscare < / i>me -- that they will not do anything < i>foolish < / i> or < i>courageous < / i> or < iyanything < / i>--worth a goddamn . irene be take aback by Jerome 's passion , regard he in a new light . int . eugene's condominium . morning . eugene urinate into a large plastic container while drink bottled water at the same time . he already have several other container of urine on the table beside he . int . gattaca . morning . the investigator and detective hugo keep a wary eye on the outfit detective re-vacuume the empty computer complex with they mini-vacs . hugo ( read newspaper ) my wife and I - - we're think of start a family . investigator ( shrug , ambivalent ) why not ? hugo this new personality correction I have be read about . investigator you worried about the cost ? hugo not that . investigator ( regard Hugo with a condescending smile ) they say the same thing about myopia and obesity . you think you child would be less human if they be less violent , angry , spiteful ? maybe they would be < i>more < / i> human . from where I sit the world could stand a little improve . we dwell on one detective in particular , snatching a garbage bag from caesar , the janitor . detective do not touch that . it 's evidence . he put a pile of discard paper cup aside for later testing . int . gattaca corporation . later that morning . in the vast , empty gattaca complex the investigator inspect a specimen bag contain Jerome 's paper cup with director josef and detective hugo . detective hugo positive saliva match . the cup be definitely use since the original sweep . investigator so we have two choice . either we suspect come back to the murder scene for a drink of water and I do not know anybody that thirsty or ... ( look out over the empty complex ) ...he < i>is < / i> here. ( resolute ) we test again . you be right , Hugo , this be a desperate act . someone have a lot to lose that night -- perhaps they place in line . ( to director josef ) I would like the profile of everyone with a upcoming mission . director josef ( nervous ) twelve have a mission within the week . investigator this time I will supervise each test personally . int / ext . gattaca . morning . jerome and irene walk towards the entrance to gattaca . spy the homicide investigation truck park at the rear of the building and the silhouette of the investigator in the doorway , Jerome pull up sharply . irene notice he unease . irene what be it ? jerome I forget something -- something at home . I will see you later . Jerome kiss she . irene , also aware of the truck , interrogates Jerome with she eye . irene I will miss you . Jerome be still focuss on the entranceway . irene ( look skyward ) -- when you go away . jerome we could go together one day . irene consider the idea . she enter gattaca alone . int . gattaca aerospace corporation - computer complex . day . irene prepare a stack of id photo of crew member for the investigator . she closely inspect the doctore photo of jerome , hesitate before add it to the file . the camera dwell on jerome 's vacant work station . the investigator curiously regards the empty chair . he be accompany by detective hugo , director josef and irene . detective hugo he 's the only absentee . director josef a little nausea . quite common . investigator at least it 's nothing contagious . director josef ( unduly agitate ) I will not permit any further testing on the eve of a mission . we be already count backwards . the investigator ignore josef and take a pocket knife from he jacket . he prise out the " esc " key from Jerome 's keyboard , place the key in a specimen bag and deposit it in he jacket . irene ( pick up a phone ) I will call and let he know . the investigator gently but firmly remove the phone from irene 's hand and replace the receiver in the cradle . investigator let 's not spoil the surprise . ( to irene ) I understand you can show we the way . the anxious director josef call out to protest one further time but the investigator be on he way out of the door . ext . STREET outside gattaca . day . outside the entrance to gattaca , try to hail a taxi , jerome be startle to see a car carry the investigator , detective hugo and irene roar out of the driveway . jerome call on he portable wristphone . int . eugene's condominium . day . eugene , at he window , fill sachet as usual , hesitates before answer the phone . eugene hello ? jerome ( oc ) how would you like to be yourself for the day ? eugene ( nonchalant ) I be never very good at it , remember ? int . eugene's condominium / hallway . day . with a look of resolve , eugene hang up the phone . he wheel he chair up to the sweeping staircase and regards the first of many dozen step . the daunt staircase spiral away above he . int . investigator's car . day . hugo drive . the investigator look to irene in the rear seat . investigator ( taunting ) you do not know who he be , do you , irene ? he hand she the pill box find in Michael 's . investigator you think you have problem ? int . eugene's condo / jerome' condo . day . have wheeled he chair out of sight , eugene ease himself out of he wheelchair and onto the floor . use he elbow , commando-style , drag he lifeless leg behind he , he proceed to crawl across the floor and up the first step of the long spiral staircase . we observe he agonizingly slow progress up a staircase that , from Eugene 's point of view , appear to have double in length . ext . condominium complex . day . the investigator and detective hugo emerge from they car with irene in tow . they take in the impressive complex - the investigator get a glimpse of the empty pool . they approach the intercom at the entrance . int . jerome' condominium . day . eugene , bath in sweat , finally crest the landing of the staircase . no respite . as he drag himself across the floor the internal phone ring . he frantically stretch up and knock the phone off its hook so he can talk from he prone position on the floor . int . condominium - lobby . day . irene be on the phone , closely watch by the investigator and detective hugo . eugene ( oc ) ( through intercom , no trace of he distress ) hello . irene ( a moment 's hesitation ) Jerome --? eugene hello , sweatheart . come on up . int . jerome' condominium . day . with no mean effort , eugene finally manage to replace the phone on its cradle . he desperately crawl up onto the sofa . however , spying the upright vacuum cleaner in the open closet , he be force to crawl there and remove the vacuum bag . he frantically crawl back towards the sofa and stuff the bag behind a cushion . int . jerome' condominium . day . irene enter the door deliberately leave ajar , closely follow by the investigator and detective hugo . eugene be propped up on the sofa , tv remote control place in he useless hand to cover he paralysis . he have a stainless steel bowl next to he and have cross he lifeless leg for a more natural effect . Eugene calmy motion the confuse irene towards he . eugene where 's my kiss ? the investigator scrutinize irene 's reaction . with only the merest hesitation she take she cue from Eugene and kiss he affectionately on the forehead . she perches herself on the arm of the sofa . Eugene take the opportunity to rest he arm on she leg . irene good to see you be feel better . eugene now < i>you be < / i> here . who be you " friend " ? irene it 's about the director . eugene ( feign boredom ) again ? the investigator slowly circle Eugene , regard he with the utmost scrutiny . he compare he face to the doctore gattaca id photo - a passable likeness . Eugene bend towards the bowl and dry retch . eugene forgive I for not get up . irene put a comforting hand on Eugene 's shoulder . irene ( to the investigator ) could not we do this another time ? investigator I do not believe so . detective Hugo take a seat in the chair beside the sofa and unpack a syringe from the kit he carry . detective hugo this will not take a moment . detective Hugo swab Eugene 's inner arm . all eye be train on the tip of the needle as it puncture the vein . eugene ( reassure to irene , refer to the blood flow into the syringe ) it 's okay . maybe they can find out what I have get . under the investigator 's watchful eye , detective Hugo withdraw the syringe and immediately insert a small amount of the blood into the portable analyzer he wear . naturally , it confirm that Eugene be Jerome . irene do she best to conceal she shock . hiding he frustration , the investigator distractedly tour the room while Hugo pack up he gear . the investigator idly toy with the telescope point out of the window . next he wander towards the closet and reach for the doorknob . investigator mind if I take a leak ? eugene as long as you do not do it in my closet . ( nodd to the other side of the room ) over there . int . jerome' condominium - bathroom . day . the investigator immediately pull a specimen bag from he jacket pocket and closely inspect the stainless steel toilet and sink . they be both spotless . the shower stall be also scrupulously clean . he flush the toilet and exit . lose in think , the investigator approach the closet again and wheel out Jerome 's upright vacuum cleaner . he be disappointed a second time to find no vacuum bag inside . the investigator return the vacuum cleaner to the closet and produce a mini-vac from detective Hugo 's crime bag . investigator ( to Eugene , refer to the mini-vac ) May I ? eugene clean the whole house if you want . irene ( take Eugene 's lead ) actually , the kitchen need do . the investigator switch on the mini-vac to take a specimen from the floor , then promptly kill the machine . look down , the investigator notice the trail of Eugene 's perspiration on the highly polished floor lead to the spiral staircase . Eugene , read the investigator 's mind , go to call out but the word remain freeze on he tongue . Hugo follow he superior as they start to descend the stair . irene and Eugene be leave stare at one another . int . condo - staircase . day . jerome catch the merest glimpse of the investigator and detective hugo before he slip behind a doorway in Eugene 's condominium . Jerome anxiously regards Eugene 's empty wheelchair sit there . on the stair , Hugo 's phone ring . detective hugo ( oc ) ( into phone , increasingly encourage ) yes ?... yes ...< i> yes < /i>... the investigator be already at the foot of the stair in Eugene 's condo when the detective call to he . detective ( urgent , to investigator ) come quickly . we < i>have < / i> he . the investigator 's eye light up . he retrace he step up the staircase after detective Hugo . int . jerome' condominium . day . jerome , white as a ghost , climb the stair , emerge into he own condominium . he embrace the beam eugene , still sit on the sofa . jerome ( numb ) how be you , Jerome ? eugene not bad , Jerome . jerome how the hell do you get here . eugene ( deadpan ) I could always walk . I have be fake it . Jerome almost laugh , despite the situation . only now do he notice irene on the other side of the room , she mind racing . she look at Jerome and Eugene together and run from the apartment . jerome ( call after she ) irene . Jerome go to follow but Eugene stop he . int . crime laboratory . day . a extreme close up of dry blood - brittle and crack - on a pair of soile latex glove . a latex head mask , suit of clothes and shoe cover be similarly cake . the investigator and detective hugo watch as a white - coat forensic technician feed a minute sample of the dry blood into a analyzer . the investigator wander over to a one - way glass window through which he can observe director josef , sit numb but strangely serene in a interrogation room . the investigator , in a state of shock himself , can not yet bring himself to believe what be plainly obvious . investigator ( gaze at the director , struggle to come to grip with the turn of event ) this can not be he . the detective regards he superior incredulously , intrigue that he could still cling so stubbornly to he theory in the face of such overwhelming evidence . detective hugo ( intrigue ) we find he spit in the dead director 's eye . he 's sign a confession -- supply we with the suit he wear on the night . what more do you want ? investigator ( a trace of desperation , grasp at straw ) Luca could still be a accomplice . the investigator turn away , unwilling or unable to accept the explanation . Hugo regards the investigator with a trace of sympathy . he furtively retrieve the investigator 's tissue from the trash . int . gattaca . day . jerome sit in a formal briefing room with the other crew member of he mission , receive they final pre-flight instruction . lamar look on approvingly . mission commander -- finally , I would like to welcome Navigator morrow on he debut mission -- if we get lose out there , nobody have a map of the heaven in he head like Jerome . Jerome look up bashfully . mission commander ( adopt a more serious tone ) I be gratify that there be no longer a cloud hang over tomorrow 's launch . now we can put this unpleasantness behind we and concentrate on the task at hand . I do not have to tell you how important this mission be -- the belt could hold the key to the origin of life - why we be what we be . ( inject a note of levity ) I know many of you have be ask that question about < i>me < / i> for long enough . ( refer to a project photograph of a misshapen asteroid behind he head ) gaspra - - how could something so ugly hold so many beautiful secret ? polite smile from he colleague . mission commander enjoy you final evening with you family . we will all be a year older when they see we next . and do not be late tomorrow . you do not want to miss this . we focus on Jerome . he appear to have he head in the heaven already . int . crime lab . night . the torment investigator lie on the floor of he lab , stare at the ceiling . he wince in discomfort . he be lie on something . he roll over and retrieve the irritation from he pocket . it be the " esc " computer key he prize from Jerome 's keyboard . he gaze at the key for a moment and then get to he foot . he resurrect a old fingerprint kit from a cupboard . carefully remove the key from the specimen bag - mark , " morrow , Jerome " - he begin to dust it for a fingerprint . he place the key under a camera . the enlarge print appear on the lefthand side of he computer screen . the word " match " blink onto the screen . however the face that appear from the computer 's databank be not that of " morrow , Jerome " but " luca , Vincent " . the investigator regards the photograph in disbelief . detective hugo casually enter the lab , something odd in he nonchalant demeanor . investigator ( excited ) Hugo ! I have find he ! hugo I have find he too . investigator ( not listen , refer to he discovery ) a fingerprint . there 's something to be say for nostalgia. ( realize what Hugo have say ) what do you find ? Hugo put a specimen bag on the counter . it contain the investigator 's discard tissue . the investigator do not recognize it . detective hugo it 's not < i>exactly < / i> he . investigator ( interest pique ) where do you get this ? the investigator immediately deposit the tissue into a analyzer . detective hugo ( refer to the tissue ) but this man do share some common characteristic with you suspect . not so many but < i>enough < / i >. it appear the eyelash have a brother - - of a kind . the investigator realize the significance and look guiltily to Hugo . Hugo exit the lab , leave the investigator to stare at he own face in he analyze machine . int . gattaca - janitor' locker room . night . caesar , the old janitor , enter the locker room . he be about to wearily open he locker when he sense another presence in the room . he turn to find jerome sit there on a bench . although clearly delighted , caesar try to disguise he pleasure . caesar so you have finally see sense and come back to you old job , Vincent . jerome not yet , I be afraid . caesar no ? what 's keep you ? jerome I guess I be a slow learner . caesar I guess so . ( look up through the small window ) well , while you be up there , maybe you could tidy the place up a bit . jerome I will see what I can do . the two man embrace , caesar break off before Jerome . caesar and do not go get everybody lose out there . you will give we a bad name . you will not have I to keep a eye on you , you know . jerome ( glance to caesar 's locker ) by the way , I leave some trash in you locker . caesar ( happy to oblige ) I will take care of it . Jerome depart . caesar watch he go and turn back to he locker . he open it to find a brand new , high - tech telescope sit inside . the old janitor get over he surprise and beam broadly - he look back in Jerome 's direction but he have go . the old janitor cannot help himself and reverently reach for the telescope 's eyepiece . int . gattaca - computer complex . night . in the dimly - light , empty computer complex , jerome take a last look around . he sit at he computer , one final time replaying the graphic representation of he path through the cosmos that he be on the eve of take for real . he notice the key miss from he keyboard . instantly realize the significance , he rise from he seat to flee . investigator Vincent -- Jerome be stop in he track by the sound of he give name and the voice that call it . he make no further attempt to flee but turn to face he pursuer . the investigator step out of the shadow . investigator Vincent , what be you run from ? jerome ( disturbingly calm ) from Vincent . the two man face each other for the first time in a long time . the investigator be transfix by Jerome 's face - scarcely able to believe he eye . investigator have it be so long , you do not remember who I be ? jerome ( nodd to the investigator 's badge ) maybe it 's < i>you < / i > who 's forget . ( meeting he gaze ) what be you do here , Anton ? it be finally apparent the investigator be Jerome 's young brother Anton [ as we shall refer to the investigator for the rest of the film ] . anton I could ask < i>you < / i > the same question . ( glance to the impressive complex ) I have a < i>right < / i> to be here , < i>you < / i> do not . Jerome smile at he condescendingly . jerome you almost sound like you believe that . anton ( ignore the remark , extend he hand ) come with I now , Vincent . you have go as far as you can go . jerome ( refuse Anton 's hand , glance to the telescope above they ) there be a few million mile to go yet . anton ( adamant ) it 's over . jerome ( shaking he head ) be that the only way you can succeed , Anton , to see I fail ? anton it 's for the best . jerome ( increasingly angere ) God , even < i>you < / i> want to tell I what I < i>ca not < / i > do . in case you have not notice , Anton , I do not need rescue . but < i>you < / i> do , once . Anton be clearly stung by the memory . jerome ( goad ) well ? you have all the answer . how be that possible ? anton ( resolute ) you do not beat I that day . I beat < i>myself < / i>. jerome who be you try to convince ? anton ( angry ) I will prove it to you . come swim with I now , Vincent . now --tonight . Jerome regards Anton with a know smile . somewhere in gattaca a phone ring . int / ext . irene's car outside condominium complex . night . irene , sit in she car outside Jerome 's condominium , hang up she portable phone . in she agitation , she finger involuntarily go to she pulse . she catch herself and remove the finger from she wrist as if it have burn she . she exit the car . int . jerome' condominium / eugene's condominium . night . irene quietly knock on Jerome 's door but there be no response . try the handle , the door open . her curiosity take she inside . all be quiet . irene call out . irene hello . no reply . irene hesitantly venture further , draw to the spiral staircase . she tentatively make she way down the stair and into Eugene 's dimly light condominium . with wonder and reverence , she examine the instrument and sample laid out on Eugene 's work bench . she open the refrigerator in the bathroom and inspect the sample and sachet . finally she regards the empty incinerator . eugene ( oc ) quite something , be not it ? irene turn . Eugene have enter through the mirrore door , not at all displease by she unexpected visit . eugene ( refer to the incinerator ) that 's where we get rid of the trace of he although we never truly succeed . irene I have be look for he . do you know where he be ? eugene ( unconcern ) he 's probably leave some more of I around the place before he go . Eugene idly inspect one of the blood sachet . eugene do not be deceive , irene . this be just the clothes . he have to wear they . something I could never do . irene what 's wrong with he ? eugene ( sympathetic smile ) you have more in common than you know . irene 's hand involuntarily go to she heart . eugene but they say < i>his < / i> be already ten thousand beat overdue . I have my doubt . ( wry smile ) for all my gift , they could never engineer I a heart like Vincent 's . irene turn back to the incinerator , lose in though . ext . beach . night . jerome and anton walk down a dune together towards the beach not far from gattaca - a ocean beach pound by a angry , black sea . Jerome pick up a sharp piece of shell and slice the end of he thumb . a drop of blood ooze out . he offer the shell to Anton but Anton do not take it . both man begin to disrobe . the brother stand beside each other on the sand once again - Anton still the more athletically - build of the two . together , they enter the raging surf . dive through the break wave , they begin to swim . in the moonlit night , we watch they two body swim side by side . they swim a long distance , Anton wait for he brother to tire . but the pace do not slacken . Anton pull up in the water . sense he brother be no longer beside he , Jerome also pull up . they tread water several yard apart . anton ( attempt to conceal he distress ) how be you do this , Vincent ? how have you do < i>any < / i> of this ? jerome now be you chance to find out . Jerome swim away a second time . Anton be force to follow once again . angry now , gritting he tooth , Anton call upon the same determination we have witness during he constant swim in the pool . he put on a spurt , slowly reeling in Jerome . Anton gradually draw alongside Jerome , certain that this effort will demoralize he older brother . but Jerome have be fox - wait for he to catch up . Jerome smile at Anton . with almost a trace of sympathy , he forges ahead again . Anton be force to go with he . they swim again for a long distance . it be Anton who gradually become demoralize - he stroke weaken , he will drain away . Anton pull up , exhaust and fearful . Jerome also pull up . however he face display none of Anton 's anxiety . they tread water several yard apart . the ocean be choppier now . the view of the light on the shore be obscure by the peak of the wave . anton ( panic start to show ) Vincent , where 's the shore ? we be too far out . we have to go back ! jerome ( call back ) too late for that . we be closer to the other side . Anton look towards the empty horizon . anton < i> what < / i> other side ? how far do you want to < i>go ?!< / i> do you want to drow we both ? ( become hysterical ) how be we go to get < i>back ?! < / i> Jerome merely smile back at he young brother , a disturbingly serene smile . jerome ( eerily calm ) you want to know how I do it . that 's how I do it , Anton . I never save anything for the swim back . Anton stare at Jerome , aghast . the two man face each other in silence , tread water several yard apart in the dark , roll ocean . Jerome turn and head back towards the shore . Anton be leave alone with the terrifying realization . the only sound , the wind and the water . ext . condominium . night . jerome , dishevel and distress , arrive back at the condominium . he notice irene stand at the edge of the pool . she turn . he approach she . they stand several yard apart . look into each other 's eye , they do not speak . Jerome abruptly pull a hair from he head - for once one of he own . jerome ( wry smile , offer the hair to irene ) here , take it . irene take the hair , the significance not lose on she . jerome ( echoing irene 's word from they first encounter ) if you be still interested , let I know . irene contemplate the hair in she finger for a moment , then deliberately let it fall to the ground . irene ( never take she eye from he , echoing Jerome 's word from they first encounter ) sorry , the wind catch it . once again there be not a breath of wind . the hair lie , plainly visible on the edge of the pool . from a upstairs window , eugene observe the couple . int . jerome' condominium . night . we watch the silhouette of irene and jerome make love in the bedroom . int . eugene's condominium . night . eugene , sit in he darken room , unscrew the cap of a plastic container and place it on a nearby table . we remain on Eugene 's face as he open he fly . int . jerome' condominium . night . irene and jerome lie in bed together after make love . for once Jerome be able to sleep unconcern . it be irene who lie awake , head against jerome' chest , listen to the sound of he erratically beat heart . however it have a soothing effect on she . she kiss Jerome and reluctantly rise from the bed . jerome ( awaken ) a year be a long time . irene not so long -- just once around the sun . Jerome smile . for once irene seem to be look forward to the trip . she exit the room . int . incinerator . morning . Inside the incinerator , jerome scrape away at himself - for the final time . he wistfully regards the brush in he hand . int . eugene's condominium . morning . jerome , dress for he departure , emerge down the spiral staircase into Eugene 's condo . Jerome notice several suitcase at the foot of the stair . eugene wheel into the room . eugene I have you sample ready . jerome ( confuse ) have you forget ? I do not need any sample where I be go . eugene ( meeting Jerome 's gaze ) no , but you might need they when you get back . Eugene wheel across the room and open the mirrore door . the water vapor billow out . Jerome regards Eugene . Eugene lead Jerome inside for the first time . Inside be two row of four identical , industrial refrigerator . they contain thousand of blood and urine specimen . Jerome regards they with awe and more than a little unease . eugene everything you need to last you two lifetime . eugene point out a extra specimen of semen in the first refrigerator . eugene there 's a extra specimen . I wish I could give it to she myself . ( afterthought ) but then , you always be better at be I . Eugene lead the way out of the refrigerator room . jerome ( struggle to come to term with the discovery ) why have you do this ? eugene ( as he seal the mirrore door ) in case you get back before I do . jerome where be you go ? eugene ( glance to the suitcase ) I be travel too . Jerome go to question Eugene 's travel plan but think better of it . he kneel before he friend and embrace he . jerome thank you . eugene I get the better end of the deal . I just leat you my body -- you leat I you dream . Jerome smile and hug Eugene a final time . Eugene stuff a envelope into Jerome 's pocket . eugene ( refer to the note , glance heavenward ) not until you be upstairs . Jerome exit . Eugene watch he go . int . gattaca - departure lounge . night . jerome enter a large hold area along with he other eleven crew member . Jerome 's heart sink as he recognize lamar , greeting the crew for one final unexpected substance test . his colleague groan good - naturedly but it be clearly far more than a inconvenience to Jerome . he look towards the door he have just enter but there be no way back . one by one the crew be ushere behind a screen . before he can think of a way out , it be Jerome 's turn . he enter the cubicle . jerome ( as he take the plastic cup from lamar ) what 's this , lamar ? lamar New policy . from behind , we see Jerome unzip he fly . however for once Jerome do not urinate on cue - unused to operate he own equipment in front of the physician . lamar ( intrigue by the out -of - character discharge ) Flight get you nervous ? jerome there 's a problem , lamar . lamar ( apparently not listen ) do I ever tell you about my son , Jerome ? he 's a big fan of yours . he want to apply here . Jerome realize he have no choice . resigned to he fate , he begin to fill the cup . jerome ( as he urinate ) just remember , lamar , I could have go up and back and nobody would have be the wiser -- lamar ( cut he off ) -- unfortunately my son 's not all that they promise . but then , who know what he could do . lamar take the cup from Jerome in he glove hand . Jerome anxiously watch he sample pour into the analyzer . confirm Jerome 's worst fear , the face of 20 - year-old vincent appear on the computer screen . however lamar do not look at the screen . he stare Jerome in the eye . lamar for future reference -- ( a brief glance to where Jerome have just zipped he fly ) -- righthanded man do not hold it with they leave . it 's just one of that thing . never lookig at the screen , lamar press a button mark , " valid " . lamar ( know smile ) have a safe trip , Vincent . Jerome exit up a long enclose escalator , realize that lamar have know all along . int . eugene's condominium . night . eugene knock back a vodka . with a certain reverence he place he silver medal around he neck . int . escalator . night . at the top of a long escalator , the door to a craft be secure . int . eugene's condominium . night . Eugene 's wheelchair , empty , sit beside the door of the incinerator , also secure . ext . launchpad . night . a close up of the flame of a rocket 's engine ignite - the ball of fire engulf the launchpad - fill the screen . int . eugene's condominium - incinerator . night . Inside the incinerator another ball of fire - this time engulf the unseen figure of eugene . we glimpse the medal around he neck , melting in the fierce blaze . ext . gattaca - launchpad . night . as we have see so often in the past , a rocket launch into the sky over gattaca - however on this occasion it carry Jerome . int . spacecraft . night . we focus on jerome 's face - see little if any of the craft . Jerome 's eye be close . his head be still - alarmingly still . could the launch itself have be too much for he ? he hear the thoguht in he head . < i>jerome ( vo ) we come from the star so they say , now it 's time to go back . if I be conceive today , I would not get beyond eight cell , and yet here I be . in a way they be right , I do not have the heart for this world . ( pause ) the question be , why be I have so much trouble die ? </ i > Jerome 's eye blink open . he hold the letter from Eugene in he hand . it contain no word , merely a lock of eugene be hair - for once preserve solely for its sentimental value . the hair , weightless , float off the page . we focus on a porthole look out upon a starscape . a starscape as we pan across the constellation , a title be superimpose upon the starscape : < i> in a few short year , scientist will have complete the human genome Project , the mapp of all the gene that make up a human be . after 4 billion year of evolution by the slow and clumsy method of natural selection , we have now evolve to the point where we can direct we own evolution . </ i > the first title be replace in the heaven by a second title . < i> if only we have aquire this knowledge sooner , the follow people would never have be bear : < / i > a succession of portrait and photograph of renowned and historic figure fade in and out of the constellation - the accompany title list they affliction rather than they accomplishment . homer < i> blind from birth < / i> napoleon bonaparte < i>epileptic < / i> colette < i> arthritic < / i> lou gerhig < i>amyotrophic lateral sclerosis < / i> < i > ( Lou gerhig 's Disease ) < / i > rita hayworth < i> Alzheimer 's Disease < / i> helen keller < i> blind and deaf < / i> stephen hawking < i> Lou gerhig 's Disease < / i> jackie joyner-kersee < i> asthmatic < / i> charle darwin < i> chronic invalid < / i> the face of Charles darwin fade off and another title appear out of the star . < i> even Charles darwin , the man who tell of the survival of the fittest , numbered amongst we frailest . </ i> the title fade off and be replace by one final title in the night sky . < i> of course , the other birth that would surely never have take place be you own . </ i> CUT to black