the dinkum bloke the dinkum bloke 1 fade into a big scene of wharf laborer hard at toil plainly show the arduous nature of the work by which the wharfy earn they live wage . among they be one big - heart , honest , illiterate man love by all . bill garvan . a wharf laborer , whose head have not be fill with the learn of school , but whose heart have pass with honors in the University of life . 2 Close up of Bill garvan work . 3 Close up of clock strike 5 . the day 's toil come to a end at last , and all the great interest of humanity begin . 4 the man knock off work and hurry away . Bill 's home in woolloomooloo - not quite a palace in appearance but contain jewel more precious than ever shine in any crown . 5 exterior of Bill 's home and Interior . mrs . garvan . a wife who be a comrade too ! Jim 's delight in prosperity , and he solace when the world frown . 6 Interior home . Mrs. garvin be here show in a close up , then long shot where she be see dress she little girl . peggy . a young lady who have not be long on this earth , but whose cleverness already seem perfectly uncanny to she ador parent . 7 Close up Peggy a sweet little may of three . Mrs. garvin glance at the clock and say : daddy will soon be home . he must see he little girl nice and clean . now Peggy be ready and they both leave the scene . 8 exterior gate . Mrs. garvin and Peggy come out of house to wait at gate for daddy . 9 crest corner . presently Bill be see come round the corner - Peggy run like mad to meet he . he lift she in he arm and kiss and fondle she and then walk on to the gate and lovingly greet he wife . they proceed indoors where the tea be wait . 10 they be all at the table . Mrs. garvin be show pour the tea out of a break spout , and all of they be laugh . when happiness sit at the table , what do a break tea pot matter ? Peggy be chatter away ask she daddy about Xmas Eve which be only a week off . she be a great believer in daddy Xmas and she be long to see he , she say . if I keep awake all the time , will I really see daddy Xmas ? and Bill promise she she will , for she every wish be gratify . a week later - Xmas Eve - Bill carry out he plan so as Peggy really will see daddy Xmas . [ 10 a ] Interior Bill 's bedroom . Bill be see dress himself as Father Xmas . his wife be help he and put the whisker on he face and a bag of toy on he back . he be then ready and leave the room . 11 Bill sneak round to the window of Peggy 's room and climb in through the window . 12 Interior Peggy 's room . Peggy be awake and be wait for the magic visitor , she see he - she look in amazement , then , rather afraid , she cover she curly head with the sheet but soon peep out again . Close up mother watch through door . Father Xmas fill up she pillow slip at the end of the bed with all the toy she have be wishing for and make he exit . childlike , she just make sure he have really go and then , excitedly gather up the toy , she rush out of the room . 13 live room . Peggy rush into the room to convey the glad tiding . oh mummy , oh daddy , I have really see Father Xmas , see what he have leave I . Bill enter from the adjoin bedroom . in he haste to resume mortal shape , he have forget to take the whisker off . his wife warn he and he snatch they off and cram they in he pocket . among Father Xmas ' gift be a book entitle " the Prince and the beggar maid " - Peggy eagerly thrust it into she father 's hand and say " read it to I now , daddy . " he take she on he knee and read the fairy tale to she . once upon a time as a Prince go riding through a great forest on a big white horse , he meet a woodcutter 's daughter gather stick . she be so beautiful although she clothes be rag and she foot be bare , that the Prince fall in love with she at once . leap from he horse , he take off he plume hat and bow gracefully to she say " let I put my bundle of stick on the back of my horse - he will be delighted to carry they for you . " " you be very kind " say the woodchopper 's daughter . so he take the bundle of stick and place it on the back of the big white horse and together the Prince and the beautiful may walk side by side through the forest till they come to the hut where she parent live . the woodchopper and he wife be overwhelm by the magnificence of they visitor but the Prince soon put they at they ease with he gracious manner . " I love you daughter " he tell they " and you must come with she to the Court of the King my father and the Queen my mother and I will ask they bless upon we Marriage . " the Prince depart a little while after and in a few day send a guard of honor to escort the may and she parent to the palace . but when the King and Queen hear she be only a woodcutter 's daughter , they forbade the Prince to marry she . the poor girl wept bitterly at learn this , and as for the Prince , he declare he would rather renounce the throne than give she up . the woodcutter himself however stand forward and say :- " you majesty , this dear child be not we daughter . we find she wander in the forest when she be little more than a infant and take she into we home and bring she up as we own for we know not to whom she belong . perhaps the clothes she wear will tell you majesty whom she be . we have they with we . " at she husband 's word , the woodcutter 's wife open a parcel she carry and spread out before the throne the loveliest dress and hat and shoe you ever see . there be a crest embroider on the dress and as soon as they beheld this the King and Queen know that the woodcutter 's daughter be really the daughter of a neighbor King from whose garden she have stray away and be lose in the forest fifteen year before . so all be well and the Prince and the may be marry amidst the rejoicing of two kingdom and live happily ever after . just as the story reach its highly satisfactory conclusion , Peggy fall asleep and be carry off to bed . fade out . Three month go by and then fate mar the brightness of the scene . 14 a street in Sydney . Bill garvin meet with a accident come home from work ; a crowd collect around . it be find Bill 's leg be break . a ambulance be summon and Bill 's one think be he wife . he say to he mate : go and tell the missus will yer ? - but break it to 'er gently , mate . he promise he will . Bill be then take to the hospital . 15 exterior Bill 's Home . Mrs. garvin and Peggy as usual all clean and tidy wait at the gate to meet daddy . Bill 's mate come along and very nervously and gently as he can break the news of the accident . the shock he word have on Mrs. garvin be plainly see - she one think be to hasten to he and she rush inside with Peggy to get ready . the Casualty Ward at Sydney Hospital . 16 Casualty Ward . Close up Bill in bed in great pain . Mrs. garvin and Peggy come into the scene hurriedly . the sight of she dear Bill lie there be too much for she - she cry bitterly . Bill take she hand and with a very worried look say : how ever will you manage , dear , till I be well again ? she answer bravely : do not worry , Bill - I be strong and can easily earn enough for Peggy and I . a little while later the nurse tell they they must go - it be a sad goodbye for they all . a few day later . 17 Kitchen at garvin 's home . Mrs. garvin be bustling about she work and Peggy be absorb in " the Prince and the beggar maid " when the postman bring a letter - it read : Mrs. garvin , this be to inform you that you application for the position advertise to wash and iron at the wage of 10 / - per day be approve of , and to ask you to be good enough to commence you duty tomorrow morning at eight . ( Mrs ) edyth enright Smyth Mrs. garvin thoughtfully put the letter on the mantlepiece and with a serious face resume she work - fade out . while she mother wash the dirty linen of the enright smythes , Peggy be place in a kindergarten School . 18 kindergarten School . here show close up of Peggy and also all item of interest in connection with the kindergarten system . 19 the mansion " corona " - pott 's Point where Mrs. garvin be wash . Close up of she at work . she look out of the window and see : 20 Lovely lawn and garden scene , where a nurse with two little girl about the same age as Peggy but dress very beautifully be play . 21 laundry same as scene 19 . Mrs. garvin watch they with envious eye and she mentally compare they with she own little child and a great long come to she heart and she murmur : if I could only bring up my Peggy like they . she watch they with a dreamy expression as they play on the lawn - fade out . in due course , Bill recover and return home . 22 Interior garvin . Bill return home with he wife and child who want to meet he . they be all delighted . the wife take off she hat - immediately start to make the invalid some tea , etc . Bill say : thank heaven you will not have to go out to work any more . for a moment she hesitates and say : do not ask I to give it up , Bill . he look surprised and ask : why , what do you mean ? she reply : I want to save the money I earn to educate Peggy and make a lady of she . Bill put he arm around she and tenderly say : if she grow up as much a lady as she mother , some bloke will be a happy man . she appreciate he word and say : it be nice to hear you say that , Bill , but be not it better to be a lady in a draw room than a lady in a kitchen , with soft white hand instead of hand like this ? she hold out she hand . Bill take they in he and kiss they . here Peggy speak up and settles the matter by declare : I do not want to be a washerwoman , daddy . I want to be a lady woman . Mrs. garvin seize the opportunity this present and urge she point . say that you will agree , Bill . he look at she with swim eye and just nod consent - fade out . a year of happiness follow , then again the cloud of misfortune gather over the little home in woolloomooloo and the lightning of fate strike ruthlessly . note . in this title , a storm be show with a vivid flash of lightning . 23 exterior garvin 's home . Bill return from work - no one to meet he this time . 24 Interior . Bill enter room , he find he wife lie down in a State of collapse . Peggy be prepare the meal . the wife say : oh , Bill , I be so sick . Bill be distract , he rush out , and presently return with a doctor who , after a examination , turn and say to Bill : a bad case of appendicitis . she must go to the hospital at once . the doctor take he departure . Bill sink helplessly into the nearest chair , the wife tell he not to worry , she will soon be quite alright and home again . it pass through Bill 's mind how wonderful she be - she always look on the bright side in the very depth of trouble and try to cheer he . Peggy be at the stove try to cook a pan of sausage for tea . her mother have direct she what to do but since the Doctor 's arrival she have be forget so be just do it she own way . Comedy be in where she try to turn they over and drop they and the dog spring up on they and run out with a string of sausage drag after he . Peggy scream and chase he with the pan . just at this moment , the ambulance arrive and Mrs. garvin be take away , leave behind the grief stricken father clasp the child . the follow day . 25 exterior Sydney Hospital - fade to interior where Bill and Peggy be anxiously await the result of the operation . a nurse come to they and say gently : you wife be very ill - you may see she . they follow she . 26 Ward in Hospital . the nurse lead they to the bedside of Mrs. garvin - she look at they and murmur : I be die , Bill . he kneel at she bedside and sob at she word - she stroke he hair . her word come slowly . we have be very happy , Bill - but this be not the end - I will wait for you where I be goin ' , Bill . Bill can not endure it - he put he arm around she as if to hold she back , say wildly : darling , you shall not leave we . we cannot do without you , Peggy and I - he be overcome with grief . the little girl cling to he and start to cry . the die woman shake she head and say : you must be both father and mother to she now . then , after a short interval during which she seem to almost lose consciousness , she recover momentarily and say : promise I , Bill - you - will have she bring - up - to be a - lady . Bill look she straight in the eye and say with he whole heart : I will give my life to do what you want - Peggy shall be a lady . a smile steal over she face and then she lie quite still and calm . Bill realise that she be dead - the nurse gently lead the grief stricken man and child away - fade out . however great the sorrow of the poor , necessity extract from they a tribute of daily toil . 27 the wharf pymont . Bill be see at work on the wharf . he be very deject and do not speak to the other man . two labourer nearby be talk , one point to Bill and say : 'e be not get over the loss of ' be missus yet . the other man look at Bill and shrug he shoulder and reply : blime - mine do not gimme a chance to get over the loss of 'er . his mate laugh and they go on with they work - fade out . Bill decide that the time have come to carry out the wish of Peggy 's mother and send Peggy to College . 28 Interior garvin 's house . Bill be see sit almost in darkness , plunge in profound think . presently , he rise , light a candle and go into : 29 Peggy 's bedroom . Bill enter and go over to the little cot where Peggy be sleep . he gaze down fondly yet sadly and stroke she curly hair then murmur to himself : how I be goin ' ter part with yer , little pal , I do not know . a lump rise in he throat - he turn away and slowly leave the room . a week later , Peggy be place at Rose Bay convent in charge of the good sister of mercy . 30 exterior of Rose Bay convent . the nun be see walk in the beautiful grounds and they girl pupil play about . 31 Close up of Bill conclude he arrangement with the mother Superior , she take the little girl kindly by the hand and say : you little daughter will be take the great care of , Mr. garvin . Bill snatch the child to he passionately for a moment , then put she down and leave . Peggy cry pitifully , the mother Superior try to comfort she . 32 Road outside the convent . Bill walk along scarcely know where he be go . once , he stop and look back . in the distance rise the spire and gable of the convent , with a sigh he turn again and resume he aimless way . presently , he find himself at the gap , a spot make famous by many who have end they earthly care by throw themselves over . there be scene in nature that be grand and beautiful yet over which a tragic suggestion brood forever and the wind have the sound of the beat of death . as the title dissolves , the grim " gap " be see , with the figure of death dimly suggest hover in the cloud . Bill be see at the top look down , overpower by the loneliness that have come into he life - he mutter : if ever a bloke feel like chuckin ' himself over , I do . a vision of he die wife rise up before he with himself and Peggy by she bedside , she be say " you must be both father and mother to she now " - he stretch out he arm to the vision and , pull himself together , he retrace he step and so life go on and the scene fade out . Bill have sell off he little home and be now live in a cheap room in the vicinity . 33 exterior common board house in woolloomooloo with notice in window . this be where Bill now life - fade into Interior of he room . he be look worried and puzzle , have a bill from the convent in he hand . he say : the making of a lady cost money . how be I go to pay for it ? he walk restlessly about and say : look as if a wharf labourer can not afford a lady in the family . come near the window he pause for a instant and gaze out and he attention be draw to : 34 Street corner . a strolling musician with a violin be play at the street corner . people be throw coin into he hat . 35 same as 33 . Bill from he window see this . a idea flash into he brain : well , that 's not a bad lurk : they tell I I can sing , why not go in partner with this bloke ? he get he hat and leave the room . 36 same as scene 34 . Bill come up to the violin player and start talk to he . he seem to like the idea of a sing partner . Bill invite he along to he room . 37 Interior room . both enter - Bill be quite excited . soon they be see try out a song . screen word and music . she think she father be a cove with thousand in the bank , a leader on the stock Exchange or else a man of rank . she picture ' im a 'owl toff ! ' E never let 'er know ' E be a organ grinder in the street of o- hi - of the fiddler be delighted . he shake Bill warmly by the hand and exclaim enthusiastically : it sound like a bloomin' Opera company . they then and there form a partnership - fade out . so the next night after he hard day 's work , Bill make he first appearance on the Street corner . 38 Street corner . night effect - Bill and he partner sing on the Street corner , quite a big crowd round and , at the end , a liberal collection result - fade out . ten year pass . peggy age seventeen and rapidly grow up to be a lady on the proceed of the Opera company . 39 Close up of Peggy , a very pretty girl play tennis with the other girl , all at once see she father in the distance for it be visit day at the convent . she wave and rush over to meet he - greet he lovingly and then arm in arm they walk away . 40 a shady seat underneath a old gum tree . Peggy and she father walk into the scene and sit down and talk . she tell he all she little bit of news and then say : I be so happy here , daddy . but how expensive it must be for you ! he answer : yes , it cost I a good few - er - note . she continue : you have never tell I yet what you position be . Bill be silent for a little while . vision of himself sing : she think she father be a cove with thousand in the bank , a leader on the stock Exchange or else a man of rank . he smile and say : I operate on the stock Exchange . Peggy be delighted and ask : and be you very successful , daddy ? oh , yes , I make quite a hat full of money at time . she put she arm around he neck and say thankfully : how glad I be we be rich . it must be dreadful to be poor . Peggy 's friend diana gilchrist approach they and say : oh , Mr. garvin , I want you to let Peggy spend she holiday with we on we Station in queensland . you will , will not you ? Peggy plead that he will let she go as she be long to do so . Bill answer that he be only too pleased for she to go . both girl thank he and soon after he bid Peggy a fond goodbye and take he departure . Three week later . 41 Interior Bill 's room . he be see read a letter from Peggy . this letter be screen and vision in . dear daddy , we arrive here last Tuesday at four o' clock ( vision in ) . a car meet we at the Station and drive we home ( vision in ) . oh , such a glorious place ( vision in ) . diana 's mother and father give we a splendid welcome ( vision in ) . and then I be introduce to she brother geoffrey and such a lovely boy with the most glorious dreamy eye and black curly hair ( vision in ) . the next morning I be show over the Station - hundred of horse and sheep . oh , it be wonderful to see ( vision in ) - together they have about twenty dog ( vision in ) . he say he think I be the prettiest girl he have ever see . every night I sing and play for they ( vision in ) . I be have a wonderful time , daddy , and would not have miss it for anything . Tuesday we have just return home from the show . geoffrey win the jump contest - he horse jump seven foot ( vision in ) . I can ride wonderfully well now and geoffrey be teach I to drive he car - ( vision in ) . geoffrey be very clever - he can do almost anything . Friday daddy , something wonderful have happen . last night geoffrey and I be sit out on the verandah watch the beautiful sunset - and then - and then - oh , daddy , I do not know what to tell you - but geoffrey tell I I be the dearest and sweetest girl in all the world and that he love I . he ask I if I love he well enough to become engage to he - and I say " yes " - that be , if you consent , daddy , which I feel sure you will for it mean make you little Peggy the happiest girl in the world . geoffrey 's mother come out and find we - and he tell she all about it - she kiss I and say she be very pleased . I be all she could desire . they be all so anxious to meet you now , daddy . Saturday Mr. & Mrs. gilchrist and geoffrey have decide to spend the rest of we holiday at they City home at pott 's Point . I be to stay with they and we be go to all the theatre , etc . we be arrive home on Wednesday 11th and Mrs. gilchrist be invite you to dinner at they home on Thursday the 12th . they be all so anxious to meet you , especially geoffrey who be wait for you consent to we engagement . now , daddy , be sure to look you very best - we dress for dinner , you know . I have never see you in a dinner suit but I be sure you must look nice . my fondest love , Peggy p.s. be sure and write at once and let I know if Thursday night will suit you . Bill finish read the letter - he say to himself : well , blime , here 's a nice fix to be in . this be what I get for have a lady in the family . then he continue : well , what be I goin ' to do about it ? he look again at the letter and the postscript answer he question . p.s. be sure and write at once and let I know if Thursday night will suit you . he then and there get pen and paper and a old dictionary he have and put they before he . he seize the pen in he unaccustom finger and page after page he write and rewrite and , after repeat failure , he give it up with a sigh of despair . - then a sudden inspiration seize he - he say : " Old Tom be the chap for this job if I can only find he sober . " he put on he hat and leave the room . 42 cheap lodging house near Bill 's place - Bill enter . Tom - educate dead beat . 43 Poverty room . Tom be see at table read . Bill enter and explain the fix he be in , the result be that a letter be write to Peggy in great style and , after liberally reward the writer , Bill leave with the precious document . 44 exterior . Bill come out of house and walk over to pillar box and drop the letter in and heave a sigh of relief and pleasure . the dinner suit be a nightmare to Bill - however he think of a way out of it . 45 exterior - woolf 's second Hand shop - bathurst Street . Bill enter . 46 Interior shop . Bill ask for dinner suit . after try on several , he find one that he think will suit he - it be several size too large for he but the Jew dealer throw up he hand in a ecstasy of admiration and say : a lovely fit ! - it could not have be make as well to order . Bill purchase the suit - also boot and hat and leave the shop . 47 further up Street . Bill stop at Book shop - see book " table manners " - he enter and busy it - then return home . it be four day before the dinner party and Bill spend every spare moment he have in rehearse what he be go to do and say . 48 Interior Bill 's room - he be see sit at a imaginary dinner table , study table etiquette and behave politely to imaginary guest accord to its direction . allow I to have the honor of pass the pepper , miss de Vere . can I have the pleasure of help you to a handful of peas ? then he study how to use he knife and fork , etc . - fade out . Wednesday the 11th . the gilchrist arrive at the City home pott 's Point . 49 scene of beautiful home at pott 's Point . the gilchrist arrive in they car . as they get out they be introduce . Mrs. gilchrist . a lady who do not consider poverty a crime , but consider it a unforgivable offense in she friend and bad manners wherever meet . Close up Mrs. gilchrist get out of car . Mr. John gilchrist . a financier who reduce everything to percentage and reckon that love be only possible on a solid cash basis . Close up Mr. gilchrist get out of car . geoffrey . a bright youth rather subject to he parent at present but with a budd sense of independence that will one day astonish they . Close up geoffrey get out of car . diana . Peggy 's bosom friend whom you have see before but until now have not be introduce to . Close up of diana get out of car . and now since a young girl in love be one of the most charming sight in the world , you have better have a real good look at - Peggy . Close up of Peggy as she be be help out of the car by geoffrey . they all go indoors happily . only a stone 's throw from the slum , yet what a gulf between . fade out on long shot of the house . the night of the dinner party . 50 exterior gilchrist home - fade in - Bill nervously ringing the bell . he be most fearfully and wonderfully array in he second hand clothes . he hastily take a peep at " table etiquette " book which he have in he pocket to refresh he memory . the man open the door , he hastily hide the book in he pocket but the title of it be just peeping out unknown to Bill . he enter the house . 51 Interior gilchrist mansion - Bill enter - Peggy hear he and come rush down and greet he lovingly - she hold he at arm ' length and look he up and down with the slight suspicion of dismay clouding she happy face . Close up of check sock and handkerchief and tie - Peggy say : daddy , wherever do you get the suit ? he turn round proudly yet blushingly very much impressed with he appearance . remember the dealer 's rapture , he unconsciously repeat he word : fit better than if it be make to order , do not it ? Peggy be save the necessity of replying to he embarrassing question by the entrance of they host . they gaze at Bill with slightly uplift eyebrow but geoffrey be warm in he welcome to he sweetheart 's father and so be diana . soon dinner be serve and they enter the dining room . 52 dining room . they all take they seat at the table . there be about six guest present besides the family . Bill begin in a bashful way to show off the knowledge he have acquire from that great book " table etiquette " - and get dreadfully mix up over it - Soup be serve . allow I to have the honor of pass you the salt , Mrs. gilchrist . he rise from he seat to stretch across the table for the salt and knock something over as he be do so - all try to conceal they surprise but the effort be rather a painful one - Fish be be serve . as the may hand a plate to Bill he look at it and at the sight of Fish he forget everything and say , push it away : not for I , thanks . I have fish and chip for tea the other night and it poison I . I be as sick as a dawg for day after . everyone again look surprised , the may try to hide a smile . the third course be serve . Bill eat it ravenously and enjoy it thoroughly - he never remember taste anything like it before . he have finish before some of the other have start . he say to Mrs. gilchrist as he be finish the last mouthful : my word , this be a bosker duck , Mrs. gilchrist . it 's as tender as a chicken . I would like a little more , please . and push he plate towards she - before the astonished woman have time to reply , the may come and take the plate away and come back with a return . Bill thanks she . he commence to eat again then turn to Mr. gilchrist and say : well , I must say yer missus be a bosker cook , Mr. gilchrist . Mr. gilchrist fidget in he chair - he be slightly annoyed . Bill seem to feel he be not a success . Peggy be beginning to look rather worried . asparagus be serve . Bill look at it - he have never see it before - he look shyly at they , mentally say : well , blime , I have never see they in I life - there 's nothing about they in " table etiquette " however , he look around the table and see how the other be eat they - then he start to pick one up and catch it by the soft end and it break and drop - after several attempt , he get it to he mouth and swallow the whole lot with the result that the stringy part get down he throat and nearly choke he - he cough and splutter and turn red - all the other watch he - at last , he take a drink of water and recover . this comedy of error go on until the fateful meal be over and a adjournment be make to the music room . 53 Music room at gilchrist ' home - several other guest arrive - Peggy be sit near two haughty dame - hear one of they ask the other : who be that dreadful look person over there ? look at he clothes . the other , surveying Bill through a lorgnette as if he be some curious animal at the Zoo , reply : what you might call a sack suit . Peggy move away , ashamed of she father and angry with he critic . presently , Peggy be persuade to sing and play and she do so in a charming manner and win the admiration of every one present . Bill be very proud of she . at last , the guest depart . Bill be absolutely disgust and , oppress by a sense of failure , make a awkward exit and drop he book " table etiquette " out of he pocket . geoffrey pick it up and return it to he . the young man be plainly staggered by the title of the book . Bill be very much ashamed and he say goodbye and leave . 54 exterior gilchrist ' home . Bill come out - special title . 55 Interior gilchrist ' music room . the situation be somewhat strain . Peggy be feel humiliate . Mr. & Mrs. gilchrist be distinctly frigid , conscious that they have be impose upon by someone of no class . geoffrey try to suppress the fact that he be worried and disturb - diana alone show no change in she manner . Peggy relieve the situation by say it be time for bed and beat a hurried retreat . geoffrey open the door for she and see she to the foot of the stair . 56 Foot of stair . Peggy and geoffrey come into scene . geoffrey kiss she and , make a valiant effort , say : good night , darling . I like you father immensely . Peggy hurry upstairs and geoffrey return to the Music room . 57 Music room . geoffrey enter just in time to hear he mother say with aristocratic scorn : he be quite a common person . his manners and he clothes be dreadful . geoffrey reply warmly - he have not be educate , that 's all . but what do it matter so long as Peggy be a lady ? the mother answer : good birth be essential . do not forget you be a gilchrist , geoffrey . Peggy be a sweet girl - but she father be impossible . we could not dream of you marrying into such a family . geoffrey angrily continue : I love Peggy and that be enough for I . and geoffrey fling out of the room . 58 pretty verandah scene . geoffrey come out and start pace up and down , think deeply , and he face be overcast with gloom - as he thought turn to Peggy , the cloud be drive away by the sunshine of love - fade out . the next night , a theatre party have be arrange . 59 exterior gilchrist ' home . the family and Peggy be see leave in a car . Peggy be quiet and grave - the old atmosphere of cordiality be go - geoffrey have quite recover - he come to the same conclusion that Peggy and he love each other and nothing else matter , and he parent ' or the world 's opinion be naught to he . as they drive along , geoffrey be see hold Peggy 's hand . 60 king Cross william Street . night scene . the gilchrist ' car be see come along the street when it suddenly develop engine trouble and stop , and on the street corner only a few foot away there be a small crowd of people and Bill be sing at the top of he voice to the strain of the violin . he be sing the word : she think she father be a cove with thousand in the bank , a leader on the stock Exchange or else a man of rank . she picture ' im a 'owl toff ! ' E never let 'er know ' E be a organ grinder in the street of o- hi - of as the last syllable leave he lip , Bill catch sight of the gilchrist and he dear Peggy and he know that he be see by they all . but not a sign of the recognition be betrayed on either side . the minor car breakdown be quickly adjust and the car drive on in silence . Close up of Bill overwhelm and agitate by the discovery . when the theatre party return home ... 61 Interior music room . all arrive - Peggy plead a headache and beg to be excuse and retire to she room . 62 Peggy 's bedroom at gilchrist ' . Peggy enter and collapse in a state of grief and moan : my daddy a street singer - oh , what will they think of I ? suddenly , she spring to she foot and dry she eye - she impulsively decide to see Mrs. gilchrist at once . she will not remain under they roof any longer . she hurriedly leave the room . 63 exterior Library door . Peggy enter and pause with she hand on the door , hearing voice inside . 64 Interior Library - Mr. & Mrs. gilchrist and geoffrey in the library have high word between they . his mother be say sternly : I tell you , geoffrey , it cannot be . the man have impose upon we all . the engagement must end . you can not marry the daughter of a street beggar . 65 exterior Library door - Peggy overhear the word and quickly open the door . 66 same as scene 64 . Peggy burst impetuously into the room - she face Mrs. gilchrist and exclaim with quivering lip : my father be no beggar - what he have do be for my sake . but you need not fear for you son , Mrs. gilchrist . I be go out of he life forever . geoffrey be hurt by she word - hasten to she side , he take she hand and passionately declare : I love you more than ever , Peggy . no one on earth shall part we . she push he gently from she and say : you mother be quite right , geoffrey . we marriage be impossible . with tear in she eye but with head erect , she hasten from the room . early the next morning , before the gilchrist family be awake . 67 sunrise scene . exterior gilchrist mansion . Peggy be see leave the house . 68 exterior convent . the bell be ringing for morning prayer . Peggy be see enter the gate . she think , only six week ago , she leave there a happy girl - now she return a break - heart one . she walk up the path towards the entrance - the dear kind mother Superior meet she there and she can see at once that there be something wrong . she put she arm around she and take she indoors . 69 room in the convent . Peggy and the mother Superior enter - she look at she and say : why , Peggy dear , what ever be the matter ? seat at the foot of the mother Superior - the poor girl tell she pitiful story . with every mark of gracious sympathy , the nun listen and , at the conclusion , say : you father be a good and brave man . do not grieve , my child - with Heaven 's help , it will all come right in the end . 70 Interior of the gilchrist ' - geoffrey read the letter that Peggy have put under he door . dear geoffrey , I be go back to the convent . do not attempt to see I again . it would only be painful for we both . I have quite make up my mind . I could not be the cause of separate you from you family and I will always think with love and gratitude of the father who have sacrifice so much for I - goodbye . Peggy . despite this letter , geoffrey decide at once he will see she again , and make a passionate appeal to she and try and make she realise what this separation mean to he . he hastily put on he motor coat and hat and leave the house . 71 exterior convent - geoffrey 's car drive up and he alight - he say to the nun who meet he : I must see miss garvan at once on urgent and important business . she tell he to enter . 72 Hall in convent . nun tell he to be seat and she leave and presently come back and take he along to the room where Peggy be . 73 private room in the convent . geoffrey enter - Peggy be there . his voice tremble with emotion when he address she : Peggy , this be terrible , dear . I can not live without you . she stand at a distance from he , struggle to be calm . it be harder for I than you , geoffrey , but I must go through with it . he answer : say you will marry I , dear . I can live without my people and they money . you be more to I than all else in the world . oh , Peggy , do not cast I off . she slowly shake she head and say : my love be yours forever , geoffrey , but I will not accept the sacrifice you offer . nor will I marry into a family that despise my father . he continue to plead with she but she remain firm , though the trial be one that shake she to the soul . suddenly , she come to he side and say : good-bye , geoffrey . he clasp she in he arm and strain she to he . break away from he with a resolution that tear she to the heart , she hasten from the room . geoffrey stand there alone like one bereft of all hope of happiness . he slowly leave the convent , realise that he pleading have fail and he heart be break . the next day . 74 Bill 's room at woolloomooloo . Bill be read a letter from Peggy : dear Father , it be all over with geoffrey - we engagement be break . I be back at the convent . the reverend mother have very kindly give I a position on the teach staff , so it will not be necessary for you to sing in the street any longer in order to pay for my education . I be touch to the heart when I think of the sacrifice you have make for I this year past . come to see I soon , daddy . your loving , Peggy . Bill put down the letter and stride up and down he little apartment agitatedly , wonder what he can do now to save Peggy whom out of sheer love he have deceive so long . now he have become a obstacle to she happiness . all night he sit and think . at last , he eye rest on the corner of the mantlepiece where lay several little memento of she childhood - among they be the fairy book " the Prince and the beggar maid " - instantly , as by inspiration , a bold idea flash into he mind . he say : when the woodcutter bloke confess that he daughter be not really he child and she turn out to be the lose princess , the King and he missus let the Prince , they son , marry she and everything in the garden be lovely . he sit and muse for a while - then he say : well , I be the woodcutter , be not I ? and geoffrey be the Prince , and he pa and mar be the King and Queen , and Peggy - why , Peggy 's get to be the lose princess and not my daughter at all . as this fairy character be mention , each be throw on the screen and then fade out , revealing the character in the story . the next day , fill with heroic spirit , Bill go to see the gilchrist to put he scheme into operation . 75 exterior gilchrist mansion . Bill be see ringing at the bell . the servant show he in . 76 Library gilchrist mansion . servant show Bill into the Library and then take he message to Mrs. gilchrist . a little later , both Mr. & Mrs. gilchrist enter the room . nervously twist he hat in he rough hand , he stumble with break sentence into he strange story : I have come to tell you that Peggy be not my daughter . this word cause a momentary sensation . he continue : when I be court my missus , she be a nurse at a rich house . there be only three in the family - husband , wife and little Peggy . they be swell English people . the wife die and the husband be broken-hearted . he hand little Peggy over to my missus because they love each other dearly - he pay we well and promise to return and take little Peggy back to England . then he go travel into wild country and we never see or hear of he again . the gilchrist look at each other in amazement and there be a flicker of gladness on they face , too - for here be the prospect of get rid of the only impediment to the marriage of they son with the girl he love . Bill conclude : we love Peggy as if she have be we own child , and I have always try to be a father to she but I be not goin ' to stand in [ script be incomplete ] screenplay by Ray longford and lottie lyell draft submit as " the bloke from woolloomooloo " geovisit ( ) ;