get on up written by Steven baigelman , jez butterworth &amp ; john- Henry butterworth screenplay by jez butterworth &amp ; john- Henry butterworth 1 1 ext . road . augusta . 1988 . a hot muggy Georgia morning . a pickup truck come around a corner and move towards we . Inside , music play on the radio . we can not quite see who 's drive . 2 int / ext . pickup truck / augusta street . moment later 2 the driver head down the road . he beat he hand on the steering wheel to the rhythm of the music . the driver turn up the music . as the rhythm speed , so do the truck . 3 int . bathroom - same time 3 a woman , 40 , sit on toilet within a stall use the bathroom . she 's smoking a cigarette . 4 ext . parking lot . moment later . 4 Cars park in row . the pickup pull into the lot and screech -stop . 5 5 int . adjacent office . insurance seminar . day . about 30 people be attend a seminar . behind a seminar presenter , the truck can be see outside a window , stereo thumping . seminar presenter which bring we on to Dental insurance . generally speak , when you receive care from a participate pdp dentist , you out - of - pocket expense will typically be lower than if you be to accept care from a dentist outside the group . the law deem it illegal for dentist to charge any more than the network approve ... but listen , in my three and a half year of experience in this business people mainly care about keep they premium low . so , each of you must be prepare to sell the network to you client and always cater to they specific condition . annoy , the presenter turn momentarily to the truck . 2 6 6 int / ext . pickup truck / parking lot a fifty - five year , out of shape black man in mirror shade and a shell - suit . he 's breathe heavily . pat the dashboard , as the song end . the man sit there a moment and exit . jame brown hitches up he pants , and walk across the lot . 7 7 int . nondescript office there 's no one around . he 's jumpy . his movement odd . twitchy . jame ( to himself ) where 's everybody ? around a corner he come face to face with a cleaner , mavis , who be wear headphone as she vacuum . mavis scream and remove she headphone . mavis Mr. Brown . you scared I ! jame mavis . where 's everybody at ? I get a meetin ' this mornin' . mavis it 's Sunday , Mr. Brown . jame no , it 's Tuesday , mavis . James be catch flat - foote . somewhere off a toilet flush . he round the corner . no -one . open the bathroom door . look inside . sniff . slam it and storm off down the corridor pass a sign outside he office that read : get on up . 8 8 int . / ext . adjacent office / parking lot . day . as the insurance seminar presenter continue , the woman who be on the toilet take she seat . seminar presenter now , understand that not all people have the same type of need . when it come to a insurance plan everyone be different . ( more ) 3 seminar presenter ( cont 'd ) you can not possibly sell the same monthly premium to just anyone who stroll through you door . if you learn one lesson this weekend , let it be this : we must accommodate the specific condition of the client . bottom line ! they need be - the adjoin door fly open as James enter , piss . jame ok stop. sir. stop . who be in there ? seminar presenter Excuse I ? jame I own this building , someone have be in there use my commode . now who be it ? seminar presenter sorry . we be actually rent this part of the building today , and we be in the middle of a seminar . jame I do not care if you be in the middle of a heart attack son . someone be in there , I hear the chain flush , I can smell it . now who it be ? insurance salesman it be . it 's fuckin ' he . back at the front someone snigger . James spin round . silence . someone snigger behind he . James spin back round and approach the salesman . jame something funny ? insurance salesman no , sir . jame then why you cat laugh ? insurance salesman I be not laugh . it be not I . 4 James stare at the man . turn on he heel . he storm out of the building and across the lot to he pickup truck the payback start : insanely tight , deep funk . insurance salesman ( cont 'd ) I be tell you that be James Brown . outside a window behind the seminar presenter , James can be see rifling through the back of he pickup truck . the woman who use he bathroom watch James ' every move . seminar presenter look , I suggest we just continue ... ok . so. how do the program work ? initially , participate dentist undergo a extensive credential process which , if approve , allow customer to pay the minimum deductible allow and the remainder be insure . but with non - participate dentist the cost per visit be much higher and come completely out of pocket . so some people may want a high deductible because they have more to cover , but most common folk simply want the lowest possible plan ... and remember we key takeaway !? entire seminar in unison . we must accommodate the specific condition of - the office door fly open . James come back in with a shotgun . jame ok listen up people . the room go still and completely silent . jame ( cont 'd ) be it 's Sunday and all I be go ask each of you to imagine you be sittin ' in church right now . while today 's sermon may be good they 's something else on you mind . you realize you gotta take a shit . ( more ) 5 jame ( cont 'd ) Real bad . and you do not want to shit at the church house , naw sir . so you just sit there and think about get home to you own toilet in you own master bath on beech Island , South Carolina . I gotta a bidet in my master bath . Love my bidet . and a big pretty oval tub too . James spin around to man . jame ( cont 'd ) you get a bidet , Sir ? he shake he head . James look to a woman . jame ( cont 'd ) you ? she shake she head . jame ( cont 'd ) well you gotta get you one . you all gotta get you a bidet . be y'all sure its really Sunday today ? a woman nod . jame ( cont 'd ) what be just say ... oh , that 's right . yes ! you gotta take shit . so , after church , you speed back home and you run like hell to the house scared you be not gonna make it . but you do . now imagine unhitch you pants as you open you bathroom door . and then you see I . James Brown . sittin ' on you master toilet take a break . what would you do ? more snigger from all over the room . James raise he gun and kabloom !!! James accidentally blast a enormous hole in the ceiling . scream as everyone hit the deck . James look up the the hole in the ceiling . jame ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) good God . tear up the devil . I be go have to get that fix . 6 James look to the gun unsure of how it go off . jame ( cont 'd ) now I be a busy man , and I be guessin ' you cat be too . but someone have abuse a personal convenience . now I ask you nicely . I be go ask you again . which one of you gentlefolk hang a number two in my commode ? James approach the salesman . jame ( cont 'd ) be it you , Sir ? be it you ?! insurance salesman do not shoot . jame I be not go shoot nobody , son . then , as if tell by God , James spin around and lock eye with the woman who use he bathroom . he approach she . jame ( cont 'd ) ma'am , it be you be not it ? you take a break in my bathroom , do not you ? she shake she head and begin to cry . female saleswoman yes sir , mister Brown . jame yes you do . now , do not cry . it 's go be okay . James lower the gun to the floor . as he try to console the woman . jame ( cont 'd ) you have to use the toilet . you see a opportunity and you take it . yeah , I get mad but , Lady , you do right by yourself . I have spend my whole life do right by myself . I be James Brown and I make a difference . jame look to camera and talk directly to US : 7 jame ( cont 'd ) you cat may not own my record but you can bet every record you have get a piece of I in `em . ai not nobody sing today that be not be touch by James Brown . James turn back to the woman . jame ( cont 'd ) so , Lady , you do right by yourself . and there be not no other way to live . you understand I ? the woman nod . James turn back to we . jame ( cont 'd ) you understand I ? Police siren be hear in the distance . James turn to he truck outside the window . 9 9 ext . country road . day . suddenly - a pickup truck pass at a hundred mph . followed a moment later by two city cop car . 10 10 int . pickup truck . day . James rock in he seat . odd guttural sound . in the rearview . the two cop car close upon he . Hit the gas , hard . 11 11 helicopter shot : ext . on ramp - I - 20 . day the pickup truck skid onto the interstate where two city car be now join by two highway patrol car . 11a 11a ext . STREET level a police car pull up next to he , the officer aim a weapon and flagging the car down . James see he and flinch . jame do not hurt I . do not stop I . do not stop I . he ram the cop car . it retreat . 8 12 12 ext . I - 20 . day Three prowler and a highway patrol rv form a road block . a high engine note pierce the air . the police take up fire position . 13 13 int . pickup truck . day James see the roadblock ahead . jame do not stop I . do not stop I . he smashes through road block . the windscreen be blow out with gunfire shower James with glass . he glance in the mirror as wind whip around the truck : up ahead another police car sit in the middle of the road . a policeman step out from the car fire he pistol at the pickup truck . James make a hard right down a dirt road . 14 14 int / ext . pickup truck . gravel pitt , day James 's front tire be blow out . James struggle to control the skid vehicle . jame c'mon . c'mon . 15 15 ext . gravel pitt , day the pickup truck roll to a stop . five various police car from different jurisdiction enter the pitt from five different entrance and take up position block exit route . 16 16 int . pickup truck . day . James sit stare straight ahead . breathe hard . a loud hailer off screen : " exit the vehicle with you hand above you head . " James open the door scatter glass onto the ground . around the perimeter armed police tense . Safety 's off . keeping James in they sight . a young officer sweat nervously . 9 James stand next to the bullet riddled wreckage of he pickup , hand above he head . he lean back and sing to the sky . jame " I do not feel noways tire " . 17 17 ext . augusta country club . night . 1942 jame 9 yrs a wide , opulent look club have take residence in a huge antebellum home with wrap around porch . a crowd of deep Southern white folk , in cocktail attire , fill both level of the porch and spill out onto the lawn surround a boxing ring . a group of six black musician form a dixieland band . without inspiration they play methodically to the all white crowd . a fat , sweat announcer , walk into the ring , grasp a dangle mic . announcer aaannd now folk , before the main event , the augusta country club be proud to present to y'all it 's annual Charity ex-travagaaanza ..! ( drum -roll ) lady and gentleman .. the Battle ... Royale ! Music . half a dozen black boy enter the ring . hyped . a glove be pull onto one hand . the other tie behind they back . they be blind - fold . a white man with a bucket of white paint daub a number onto each boy 's chest . ding ! ding ! the boy stagger out , blindly swinging . the crowd roar , bang the table as they stumble , lurch , in the bay din . the smallest of the boy stand stiff . he struggle to throw much less land a punch . the number " one " be paint on he chest . a much bigger boy , " number six " punch " one " in the gut . " one " go down but then slowly rise . 10 the dixieland band watch the exploitation with both horror and intrigue as they can not help but wonder who will be leave stand . the band 's sound begin to change . it become as energize as the match before they . they sink into the rhythm , and the effect be one of heighten energy . the drummer begin to pull the beat and the bass player instantly follow suit find the new pocket . the drummer and bass player share a glance . this inspire pocket soar across the lawn and into the ear of boy " number one " . we be now transport into the mind of " number one " . complete silence except for the sound of the band . then one by one all other instrument fade away leave only the drum and bass . James turn to the band and lower he blindfold from over one eye . he catch eye with the drummer and bass player . the drummer nod at James and smile . James nod back and close he eye . the sound morph again as " number one " begin to arrange the music in he head to he own like . James open he one eye and see only the drummer and bass player on the stage . they be now play what we and James be hearing in he head . James cover he eye again with the blindfold and form a slight smile . his stance become more relaxed . his body begin to swing and morph like rubber . he throw a punch . it land . all at once " number one " dance forward , dip , swing and sweetly connect to " number four " . as the vanquish head hit the canvas , the victor , " number one " , bloody , panting in the wave of laughter and summer heat , stand alone . as the boy hit the deck and be deem " out " they be pull off the mat and carry to the bed of a park truck . " Three " go down . then " two " and " five " . a ringside punter thump the canvas with a fistful of dollar , berate he . people scream with laughter . only " one " and " six " remain . panicky , jerky , they stalk one another . listen . " number one " connect with lighting speed . " six " remove he blindfold , jump off the ring and run across the lawn disappear into the nearby wood . 11 " number one " stand victorious . the crowd go wild . " number one " absorb the admiration as he slowly push up the blindfold and look toward the bandstand . all the band member have return to the stand as in reality they always be . they clap wildly as the beat and rhythm of this budd continue in he head . the EIGHT year old jame brown look right at US . a level gaze . that million dollar smile , tooth coat with blood . the beat continue over ... 18 18 close up on : the June 1968 cover of look Magazine : a silhouette portrait of James : " be this the most important black man in america ? " 19 19 ext . plane . vietnam . dusk . 1968 jame 35 yrs a rickety old twin prop army plane fly low over the jungle . suddenly below , tracer fire burst out of the canopy . 20 20 int . plane . vietnam . in the belly marva whitney , clyde stubblefield , Jimmy nolen , maceo parker , waymond reed and bobby byrd sit in a line opposite a line of soldier . the soldier hold rifle . the band hold instrument . ping ! ping ! ping ! bobby what be that ? they glance at each other nervously . ping ! ping ! ping ! outside - a rocket propel grenade streak up out of the canopy and explode near the plane , rock it violently . below - the world explode , as napalm sear across a football pitch size of jungle , a hundred foot below . bobby ( cont 'd ) they be shoot at we . maceo please , Lord ! please ! they look at the soldier , who be also nervous . marva look out the window . nothing but fire below . 12 maceo ( cont 'd ) ( shake ) oh. my. god. drummond tap the soldier opposite . point out the window . a soldier look out , turn white . soldier Holy shit . in the cockpit - the pilot wrestle to keep the craft upright . between they , a completely unruffled James Brown be hold court . jame see Captain Jenkins , the James orchestra be a 22 piece , but the gov'ment or the Army , powers't be say I can only bring six fella . right now I get 16 piece sittin' in a bangkok hotel . if I be pay my own money to be here , and I be , I oughtta bring as many cat as I want . break my heart , son . `cause I know they all wish they be here right now . pilot Mr. Brown , it 's probably best if you go back now . jame we go be fine , Captain . pilot we be under attack Mr. Brown . jame settle down , Captain . James Brown be bear dead but then I breathe . God do not want I then and he sure be not gonna call I back now . the soldier from the back rush in . soldier the port engine 's on fire . the pilot look back . pilot how far to Tan Son ? 13 in the belly - everyone be freeze . say prayer . moan . James appear . jame marva , fella , listen up . we under attack . maceo no shit , Mr. Brown . James flash five finger at maceo four time . jame watch that mouth , maceo . that 's twenty dollar right there . the plane suddenly lurch forty five degree and let out a awful groan . everyone scream . except James who be still stand like rubber even though he be not hold onto anything . Bobby see this . jame ( cont 'd ) Mr. byrd , I have decide to open tonight 's show with " I get the feeling " . James demeanor somehow give comfort to Bobby . James nod at Bobby and smile . jame ( cont 'd ) how 's that sound ? bobby sound good , Mr. Brown . Bobby smile at James . the plane lurch again , Bobby scream . 21 int . hanger - same time 21 a very white female news journalist talk into a camera , as score of rowdy troops rush toward a make shift stage . next to she , a group of black soldier wait to be interview . news journalist soul brother number one James Brown , the hardest work man in show business be embark on a tour with a difference . ( more ) 14 news journalist ( cont 'd ) in association with the uso , Mr. Brown be play a series of show for battle fatigue US troops across Vietnam - a black infantryman grab the mic and look into the camera . black infantryman 1 80 percent of 9th division be brother . we be here 2 year . what do we get as thanks ? another infantryman lean in . black infantryman 2 country music . black infantryman 1 country and fuckin' western . but James be ours , man . he 's comin' . bringin ' some fuckin ' soul , brother . the other infantryman grab the mic . black infantryman 2 welcome to the shit , nigger ! the infantryman laugh and slap hand . as they walk toward stage ... news journalist ( to cameraman ) we can not use that . 22 22 int . plane . in the cockpit . pilot soldier I be lose she . we be go oh mother of Christ ! down . the wounded beast judder in low over the canopy and start sink into it when the jungle suddenly clear . 23 23 ext . tan son nhut airfield 9th div infantry camp outside nom pei . JUNE 1968 . same time the damage plane break out over the field with both engine smoking . barely regain control , the pilot make a very hard landing . 15 music : " there be a time " begin . Army personnel race toward the plane . next to the runway a old hanger be teeming with soldier . 24 24 ext . airfield . moment later biblically piss , James and Bobby walk from the flame plane alongside corporal dooley . behind they , in deep shock , maceo and the rest of the band , clutching instrument . corporal dooley welcome to bear cat , Mr. Brown . corporal dooley . uso liaison officer . can I first say I be a big , big fan of you mus - jame you in charge when Bob hope be over corporal ? corporal dooley ( proudly ) I be . jame ( to Bobby ) Mr. byrd , you think Bob hope 's plane get shot down ? bobby no sir , Mr. Brown . as they approach the hanger fill with troops , a chant begin inside . troops James Brown ! James Brown ! James Brown ! corporal dooley ( tightly ) sorry about the plane trouble - jame plane trouble ? they try to kill James Brown today . you wanna go down in history as the man who kill the funk ? 16 James and crew near the rear stage entrance of the hanger . corporal dooley . about the show , if you could just keep it to 25 , 30 min- jame . ( interrupt ) whoa , whoa , whoa . bobby ( under he breath ) oh no . jame corporal , let I tell you the first thing about James Brown . the first thing be James Brown do not tell no man he business . he will not tell you how to take pnom Ridge or how you screw up the Tet offensive . I do not tell you how to fight you war corporal . so do not tell I when , where or for how long I can be funky . 25 int . hangar . continuous . 25 hundred of hot , steaming troops roar , like a thousand space rocket take off at once . it 's awesome , shaking the stage . troops James Brown ! James Brown ! James Brown ! James and Bobby enter the hanger . we walk with they and strut up six step and onto the stage . Bobby stand back and watch as James grab the mic and look out over the sea of face . jame sorry we be late . be you cat ready ? the troops roar even louder . James turn straight to camera , flash he smile and talk directly to we . 17 jame ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) be you cat ready ? 26 26 ext . a pine wood . 1941 . day . jame 8 yrs a cold fog hang in the fade sunlit tree . eight year old James stand alone in a forest clear . he look all around he . jame momma ? he scan the tree . he 's alone . suddenly in the tree he glimpsis someone . a woman . 30 . Red dress . she giggle as she scamper from behind one tree to another . she peep round . he beam . jame ( cont 'd ) momma ! he chase she . she 's laugh . susie you can not catch I ! each time he lose she she peer from behind a tree he squeal in delight but she disappear . he be suddenly alone . jame ( scare ) momma ? she jump out from behind a tree and scoops he up . susie I gotcha ! he squeal and laugh in she arm . 27 27 ext . wooded path . day . 1941 susie and James walk hand in hand . jame momma , I be hungry . susie you be not hungry baby . that feel in yo tummy ? ( more ) 18 susie ( cont 'd ) that feelin ' be the spirit inside you . he 's in there tickle you belly right now cause he know you such a good boy . you be not hungry . he 's just try to make you laugh . susie begin tickle James . James start to laugh . susie ( cont 'd ) be you a good boy ? he try to speak but can not from laugh . susie ( cont 'd ) I can not hear you . susie continue to tickle James . jame ( through laughter ) I be a good boy ! 28 ext . shack . brown family home . deep wood . south CAROLINA . 28 cold . James sit on the porch with a stick . he continually beat the stick on the porch post form a beat . he suddenly stop as a man in a thick wear work coat and heavy boot , be approach sing the blue to himself . the man put he pack down , ruffle the kid 's hair , say nothing and walk inside . susie where you be ? I be sittin ' here for nine day with you child . you nine day late Joe . where you be ? joe work turpentine , baby . chippin ' tree . James peer around the open door and watch . susie where you be ? gamblin ? you spend the money again ? joe no . 19 susie don't lie to I joe ! give I some money . joe brown I be not lyin' ! susie give I some money ! susie try to put she hand in Joe 's pocket . he shove she hand to he side . susie ( cont 'd ) I be here all alone here for four week . and we get nothing . nothing ! joe susie . shut you sweet mouth get that panty off baby . Joe grab susie and carry she into the cabin . 28a int . cabin . continuous . 28 a Joe and susie kiss and begin tear at each other clothes . Joe 's be go a long time . as they lower to the bed , we see James watch through the open door . James soon turn he head and walk off into the wood . 28a 28a ext . forest . barnwell . day . later that day James walk down a wear path deep in the wood sing a song to himself . he suddenly stop . there , about ten foot up in the air , hang in a tree be a black man . age about eighteen . the child stare up at the lynched man who be dress in nice clothes . then to he foot within beautiful leather shoe . silence . he look at he carefully . James reach he small hand up to touch the suspend foot of the man . pull on he lace . his shoe come off . 20 James drop the shoe and remove the other . CUT to : 29 omitted 29 30 30 int . dark corridor . day . tami show 1964 BEN bart , 50' , run along the corridor backstage . he reach the door with jame brown write on it . outside sit a enormous , middle age black woman , knitting . BEN bart I need to speak to James . gertrude he rest , pop . BEN bart gertrude , it 's important . gertrude he rest . nobody allow in . Ben offer gertrude some money . it 's a twenty . she take it . gertrude kiss Bart on the cheek . she open the door . gertrude ( cont 'd ) Mr. Brown will see you now , Mr. Bart . we go inside with Ben . sitting slump , back to we , on a burnish throne in front of a light mirror , James Brown . henry stalling attend to the tower bouffant on James ' head . Bobby byrd sit in a chair next to James go over a play list . James stare at Ben in the mirror . jame gertrude ! gertrude walk in . gertrude yes , Mr. Brown . 21 jame I say I do not want to be disturb . ( hold out he hand ) that will be twenty dollar . gertrude walk over and hand James the same twenty spot Ben give she . Ben wink at gertrude as she exit . BEN bart James , I just speak to the producer . they have request the Rolling Stones close the show . James look confuse . jame huh ? BEN bart Rolling Stones , James . you will go on right before they . it will be you , then the Rolling Stones top of the bill . jame the Rolling Stones , huh ? James to Bobby . jame ( cont 'd ) then why we here , Bobby ? bobby we here to play , James . BEN bart you be here because they want you here , James . you be James Brown ! I want you here . because this be not the chitlin ' circuit man . we be do with that shit . this be a audience full of white face and you be gonna make they love you . you be just not close the show . his eye focus . BEN bart ( cont 'd ) James . now do not start . let it go . bobby this do not matter , James . 22 the door fly OPEN . jame brown strut down the corridor as BEN bart follows . jame the Rolling Stones be not even have a hit record here . they pass several dress room along the way . jame ( cont 'd ) they be not even ever play in America . have they ? James pass a dress room where a group be rehearse . BEN bart they be just kid . in a year from now we will not even know who they be . it 's business , James . jame and it 's my business to hear what they get to say about this . he pass another dress room with a group of guy harmonize . James stop , glance at the very white california group and then to Ben . BEN bart James , do not ... James be off again . he round the corner walk straight up to the Stones dress room . on the door it say the rolling stone . a guy on the door stand but know he can not stop James Brown who walk straight in . Ben stop at the door and watch . jame brown fellas , how ya doin ' . Mr. Jagger . Mr. Richard . hear you boy be close the show . do you know that ? mick jagger uh.. that 's what they be say . yeah . they just tell we . Mick look over to keith and the rest of the Rolling Stones . 23 jame brown uh-hmm . well , I be tell I be close the show . that 's why I fly out here . Mick lead James to a couch . they sit . mick jagger listen man . we be filming a movie here today . this be not live . jame I know that . mick jagger what I mean be , the order in which we play make no difference . they be go to edit and arrange the show any way they want later . James raise and shake Mick 's hand . James shake a couple of the other guy hand . jame brown y'all have a great show , fella . we march out with James . he turn to Ben . jame I will be on stage in five . they better be ready . and the white people . BEN bart yes Sir , Mr. Brown . jame strut to the side of the stage . on a television backstage we see a live feed of : archival footage : the supreme finishing there performance . James wait in the wing . on the other side of the stage , the Rolling Stones watch . James flash he trademark smile . they all wave back . archival footage : jan and dean approach the microphone and introduce the flame . zap -a white follow spot burn into James as he stand head bow . check jacket , waistcoat , black pipe and mirror boot . 24 he throw he head back , step forward and the groove start . the scream rise to a deafen pitch - he 's already on the move , in a snake hipped side slide , mash potato , up on one leg , level with the mike , spin and bam ! jame you get you high -heel sneaker on - the teens in the audience lose it . Bobby byrd and the flame in immaculate tuxedo snap and step in time . jame ( cont 'd ) you know you out of sight - in the wing - the Stones and Ben Bart watch a television be feed the show in real time . a big smile cross Ben 's face . close on television / insert archival footage intercut filmed stage and archival footage of jame and the flame on television . jame ( cont 'd ) say I ...i... i... I love you so ! archival footage : teenager shake they head completely in the thrall of the minutely control and manipulate frustration and reward . back stage - James stalk off past the Stones and Ben . keith Richards be slack jaw . Ben swallow a laugh . James continue on . we go with he . jame ( cont 'd ) welcome to America . James look right at we . sweating . focus . Wide awake . close on television / insert archival footage the Rolling Stones begin they first song . time be on my side the crowd go wild . a sea of white face scream for Mick . James be watch the monitor . his face register a realization . James stay on the Stone 's as he talk to we . 25 close on jame mouth in profile surrounded by black and white screen jame ( cont 'd ) the british invasion make a man strong . make he stand up . you be not never be down how ya gonna get on up ? James turn to we with a even deeper intensity . jame ( cont 'd ) I can not never quit cause it get hard . you quit , you go backwards . you go backwards , you dead . so , I take it . but I take it and flip it . I go forward . and I live . 31 31 int . shack . wood . day . 1941 . jame 8 yrs fall day . under the eve , James climb round the side of the house . he reach the corner to see he mother stand on the porch of the cabin , a suitcase pack . her eye be swollen . joe brown you leavin ' you take you child , girl . you he momma . I do not need no hungry child . confused , James approach . look up at he mother . susie you keep he . you can feed he . I can not . ( she hold he , kiss he ) bye , baby . you be good . she leave . Joe call after she . joe brown that 's right . why do not you go try to sell you ass on twigg Street . that 's right . buy yourself a dress . maybe I pay you a visit . alone with he son , Joe stare at he . the boy stare back . CUT to : 26 32 32 int / ext . shack . day . 1941 a morning in the cabin . James watch he father silently pack a few meager belonging into a sack . joe be back in a week or so . mind you do not make no mess . James run over to the glassless window to watch he father lead a mule , barrel on its back , away into the wood . CUT to : 33 33 int . shack . night . 1941 wind howl and blow the door open . shiver , Young James pull a chair across the door of the shack and make a nest of blanket under the bed . he crawl in . 34 time lapse photography of night 34 CUT to : 35 ext . shack . day . 1941 35 Morning . James try to fetch water from a stream . he pull a bucket via a rope . the bucket tip over and spill the water . CUT to : 36 36 ext . produce stand . 1941 James approach a woman who 's sell produce . annoy , she pick up a over-ripen tomato and throw it to James ' foot . James pick up the tomato and walk away . CUT to : 37 37 ext . wood . dilapidated cabin . moment later James approach a dilapidate cabin that have be flatten by a fall tree . he raise he stick and begin tapping it on the cabin rusted tin roof . 27 slowly he begin to work out a simple , familiar tune . he begin to stomp he foot , move he hip . CUT to : 38 time lapse photography here - leave begin to change 38 39 39 int . shack . day - 10 week later . 1941 Joe 's back . fully bearded . he unpack he sack onto the bed . in the doorway appear the boy . half naked . cover in mud . its clearly be week rather than day he 's be alone . joe ( chuckle ) look at you boy . you go clean yourself up `fore you come in here . CUT to : int. shack . kitchen table . day . 1941 James sit opposite he father at the table . Joe eat and hum and sing a blue tune , no more my Lord . James beat he stick on the leg of the table perhaps to join in and impress he dad . Joe acknowledge the beat that James be create . for a brief moment , father and son be make music together . Joe quit sing but James continue beat the stick on the table . joe brown quit that . driving I crazy . little jame keep singin' . ( James tap the stick quieter . ( stare at he father . ) " no more my Lord " joe brown I say stop ! Joe get up . take the stick and snap it in two . James stare hard at he father 's face . joe brown ( cont 'd ) you gawkin ' at I ? 28 James stay on Joe . Joe quickly rise and yank James out of he chair . CUT to : 41 41 int . / ext . shack . day . 1941 from outside the shack , we hear the sound of abuse . joe brown ( o.c . ) stop cry . I say stop cry . suddenly the shack door open , and James run out . he sprint full pelt through the wood . he come to a clear . he slow , approach we and suddenly stop , breathe heavily , he stop and look straight at we . levelly . blackout . a thumping rhythm begins . beneath he tear a smile emerge ... CUT to : 42 int . hollwood SOUND stage - day - 1964 jame 31yr 42 close on : a argyle sweater . the intro to I got you ( I feel good ) ramp up . we widen to see James Brown sing . jame I feel good ! and I know that I would now ... even wider to reveal bobby byrd and the rest of the flame dance in sound stage dress to resemble a ski Lodge . frankie avalon and thirty very white extras dance around James and the flame . everyone be in argyle and bright color . to the side , film crew member and a director do they best to keep up with the rhythm . James be kill it . his legendary move in full force . jame ( cont 'd ) I feel nice . like sugar and spice . slow motion photography 29 Music stop . ( Tom Newman theme here ) James watch the cast , crew and flame do they thing for camera . James turn to we and speak . jame ( cont 'd ) take it and flip it . end slow motion . end tom newman theme . James remove he sweater and begin dance and sing again but now to a faster version of " I got you " . he smile at we , look into we eye . we push in tight . we pull back to reveal James now sing this song in the future at the olympia show . he 's sport a " natural " . beautiful girl dance behind he . flash - we be back to " ski Party " . now the boring extras be up on they foot . they dance with precision the way Mr. Brown would prefer . just for we , James have transformed the " ski Party " into something way cooler . James ' foot slide and move he back toward the door of the ski lodge set . jame ( cont 'd ) I feel good and I know that I would now . so good . so good . Cause I get you . James move outside the door and do a split in the pile of fake snow . we be now back to reality . James be again wear the sweater . the extras be now seat and clap in a corny fashion . the stage bell ring . over a loudspeaker - voice that be great James . frankie avalon run up to James . James remain in he split . frankie wow , James . you have get some groovy move my friend . jame thank you , Mr. avalon . and please call I , Mr. Brown 30 as frankie nod and walk away , James catch eye with bobby byrd , 30 . Bobby stare quizzically at James as he remain on the floor in he split . bobby get up , James . jame how many time have I do this split Bobby ? bobby a thousand , maybe five thousand . jame exactly , and now the first and only time I rip my pants have to be in front of all that white people . Bobby crack up . bobby in white boy sweater . jame my trumpet , bass , and drum be spread out all over this cold floor . James begin to laugh . jame ( cont 'd ) go get my towel ! bobby you get it boss . 43 omitted 43 44 44 int . car . 1949 day . jame 16 yrs a man 's three piece suit hang in the rear of a sedan . smash . a elbow shatter the back door glass . a hand come inside and pull the suit out of the car . 44aa ext . rural road . moment later . 44 aa a picturesque country road flanke by high , earthen embankment line with tree . 31 James sudden bolt out of the tree with the steal suit and run down the embankment . just then a police car speed down the road towards he . James drop the suit and run to the opposite embankment . as James try to climb the embankment , the police car stop , two officer get out . James can not get a foot on the steep embankment . we now see that James be wear the lynched man 's shoe . close on shoe : digging deeper and deeper in the soil embankment . blam ! a gun fire . James stop climb and turn to see two gun point at he . he slide back down the embankment and raise he hand . CUT to : flash ! James get he mug shot . Front and side . jame ( o.s. ) I be seventeen ... 45 45 ext . richmond county jail - that night close on : James speak through bar . jame know what that mean , Big junior ? means they can try I in Superior Court . means they can send my juvenile ass down for a man 's term . 3 maybe 4 year . reveal a young man , big junior , 25 , stand on the lawn by the jail house hold a lantern . he look up to James on the second floor speak out of the window . big for robbing a suit ? jame you reach my daddy ? big he 's in the Army , James . 32 jame I know he 's in the Army . so you gotta go find he . Big junior look to the ground and nod . jame ( cont 'd ) what would aunt honey say ? big aunt honey say she can not help you right now . not this week . jame go find my daddy , big. please ! okay ? Big junior sigh , really uncomfortable . big aunt honey already talk to he , James . you daddy say it 's a bad time too . James fill with panic . jame so , he know I be here ? Big look all around , everywhere except at James . big he say be not nothing he can do . get money problem . sorry . he shrug and walk away . 46 46 int . cell . night - continuous James turn from the window . he go to the sink of he tiny cell , heaving for breath . he look at himself in the tiny crack mirror . jame do not cry junior . do not cry now . James begin expertly tapping he slide he foot on the floor . a more develop version of the tune he arrange in he head during the box match be hear . James stare at we in the mirror . he smile . 33 warden ( o.s. ) and you be think of this as a profession ... 47 47 int . parole review board , alto reform school . 1952 . day James , 19 year old , sit on a bare wooden chair . James ' aunt , honey , 40 , be in attendance . next to she sit two young black woman dress very sexy . warden so you want to be a singer ? jame oh no sir. Truth be I be not really into all that so much . not no more . five white adult sit behind a long table , study he . warden but the other boy , they call you music-box . jame it 's just a old nickname be all . I be look for something stable . steady . I want to be a mechanic . warden so first a singer and now a mechanic ? jame yes Sir . there 's a fella I know back in augusta , he own a garage , he say he could find I a job if - warden you can not go back to augusta . in the event of parole , the Court in augusta rule you not be allow to set foot in Richmond County till the full term of you sentence . James be silent . aunt honey lock eye with the warden and smile . warden ( cont 'd ) do you know anyone outside augusta who could act as you parole sponsor ? any family ? associate ? be there anywhere else you could go ? 34 aunt honey and the girl raise they skirt up there leg ever so slightly with subtle sexual gesture . the warden give aunt honey and the girl a disapprove stare . stamp ! a red stamp hammer down - refused . 48 48 int . hall . alto . day . jame 19 yrs a band , the starlighter " entertain " the inmate . a tall black kid in a white tux , flanke by four other boy . bobby byrd we the Gospel starlighter , from right here in toccoa . Three four .. the vocal group rip into a juice up " Mary do not you weep " . and its good . James watch intently . the music play over ... James begin to sing along and dance . two row back , a huge , badass look kid be stare . James turn and stare straight back . the big kid walk up to James . big kid you eyeballin ' I , music-box ? the big kid punch James in the gut . James struggle to he foot and punch the big kid and fight back fearlessly . all hell break loose . two rough faction break out and the melee spread . James pick up a chair and throw it at the big kid . he duck . CUT to : 49 49 int . infirmary , alto . later that day Bobby sit in a chair outside the infirmary . he hold a cold press to he nose . James , bruise and tear but apparently victorious be lead by a warden into the infirmary to cheer from he friend . he 's seat next to Bobby and cuffed to the chair . jame what happen to you ? bobby someone throw something . 35 jame gee , that 's too bad . they sit there . James shrug . jame ( cont 'd ) walk in the jungle sometimes you get bit by a snake . bobby ( deadpan ) I will try a ' remember that . they sit there . jame say . what 's that song you do ? bobby we only do half of it . " Mary do not you weep " be a old gospel , man . you be not hear that before ? everybody be doin ' it . jame brown I be not hear nothing since my radio get bust . that 's a cool song bro ' . you sung it great . that sound real sweet . bobby byrd crowd sure go crazy . ( James smile . then : ) you like music ? jame only thing keep I sane in here . bobby how long you in for ? jame five to thirteen year . Bobby move he chair a inch or two away . bobby what do you do ? jame robbed a suit . a nurse lead Bobby inside the exam room . 36 bobby they give you five to thirteen for ... ( shake he head ) that 's time man . James turn to the doorway and continue talk to Bobby as the nurse tend to he nose . jame tell I about it . bobby you get parole ? jame board say I need a permanent family address and a job . but see I do not know no folk here . bobby where yo ' folk at ? jame my daddy 's in the army . and my momma ... well , she leave . bobby sorry to hear that . they sit there . bobby ( cont 'd ) seriously . you think I sung it good ? James look at Bobby . he move he seat a bit closer to the door . jame you get that swing feel . hittin ' it late . buh , dum , bop . that 's what a song need . James rise up , pull the chair with he . jame ( cont 'd ) see without that feel , song just sit there . do not move . you gotta fill it with something . you know what I be sayin ' ? 37 suddenly James breathes in deep , and sing " Mary do not you weep " . it 's sweet , hard , deep , raw all at the same time . James hold the chair and begin to dance . the nurse shut the door . Bobby and James stay on each other through glass . James ' talent hit Bobby like a ten pound hammer between the eye . a warden force James to he chair . we hear one unforgettable line of the song before we ... 50 50 establishing . toccoa STREET . the byrd house . 1952 . day . bobby ( o.s. ) he can do Roy Brown and the domino and Louis Jordan and and ... 51 51 int . byrd house . kitchen . day Bobby , panting , petition he impassively busy mother . bobby - you should hear be holler momma ! you be not hear nothing like it . he sing every day in chapel . he 's a very , very religious boy momma . he could sing in St. stephen ! mrs . byrd Bobby . we get we enough mouth to feed a ' enough butt to clothe . ( yelling out the door ) daryl ! Sarah ! get down here ! bobby he sing every day in chapel . he 's a very , very religious boy momma . he could sing in St. stephen ! since Old Henry pass you be shy a baritone ... he a showstopper . momma ? this be it . it 's like a miracle . this be what Jesus want ! he know he 's over - do it . mrs . byrd Jesus speak to Bobby byrd now . he tell you that himself ? 38 bobby momma , he could be in there another ten year just `cause he get no folk . he get no -one . mrs . byrd Bobby . the answer be no . now , go on outta here and get clean up . crestfallen , he play he final card . bobby what 's that thing you always tell I , since I be real small . about mercy . what 's that say momma ? that thing you always say ? she glare at she son . 52 52 int . byrd house . day jame 19 yrs dinner at the byrd . Mom , pop , and grandpa , sister sarah , ten year old brother daryl , bobby .... and James . he 's clearly uncomfortable . James ' eye dart around the well - appoint dining room with its beautiful wallpaper and curtain hang from a window . James trace the line of the curtain notice its lace and perfect pleat . mrs . byrd like I always say . ( sigh ) " its a sin to stand in mercy 's way " . jame thank you , Mrs byrd . grandpa stare hard and James for a moment . then ... grandpa byrd so what you in the pokey for ? bobby grandpa - grandpa ( to Bobby ) you know how would have feel you bring this boy over here ? 39 bobby Big momma marry you and you be in the pokey before . Bobby get a look from he mom . mrs . byrd Bobby byrd ! grandpa byrd ( to Bobby ) if I be go to be force to have a jailbird in my house I at least like to know what I be deal with . bobby grandpa - James look to Bobby . jame no . he get a right to ask . I be a jailbird . I have do wrong and I gotta own up to that . James turn to Bobby 's grandfather . jame ( cont 'd ) I steal a man 's three piece suit . you want to know I ? I tell ya . my daddy be in the army . my momma leave when I be five . I be skinny but I be strong . I can read a little bit and I like to sing . that 's who 's sittin ' here . James become emotional and sincere . jame ( cont 'd ) and I think God know that when I take that suit that I might end up with you . I be not never sit at a table with such a fine group of people in my life . Sarah look admiringly at James . 40 jame ( cont 'd ) I use to wish I could put that suit back , but now I be here with y'all . fry chicken . Green bean . corn bread . that nice curtain . grandpa byrd turn to the curtain . jame ( cont 'd ) a house smell good . I be happy I steal that suit . and I thank you for have I here . grandpa Boy , pass they bean before you get you bullshit all over they . mrs . byrd ( change subject ) James be go to sing with we in church this Sunday Sarah . sarah byrd really . well maybe we could work up a little harmony together . Sarah turn to James and give a tiny wink . James stop chew . 52a int . byrd house . next morning . 52 a Bobby byrd sleep in he bed . James sleep in a cot that have be bring into Bobby 's room . grandpa byrd enter the room hold a suit . he approach the sleep James . grandpa byrd jailbird ! startle , James and Bobby rise up from they pillow . grandpa byrd ( cont 'd ) ( to James ) this out to fit ya . grandpa byrd throw the suit on top of James and exit . James smile at he new suit . 41 53 53 int . byrd house . next morning . Bobby come in with nafloyd and baby roy who be all dress for church bobby there 's coffee in the kitchen , nafloyd . make yourselves at home . ( call ) James ! Bobby vault upstairs . bobby ( cont 'd ) James . come meet the band . open a door . inside James have Sarah press up against the wall . they be have vigorous sex . James ' pants be around he ankle . Sarah 's church dress be push up she body . Sarah have she hand over James ' mouth try to keep he quiet . Bobby throw it into reverse , shutting the door . do he just see that ? a full gamut of emotion cross he face . Mrs. byrd start up the stair . mrs . byrd Sarah ! I be not tellin ' you again . get down here . Bobby panic . he cross and meet he mother at the top of the stair . bobby she 's come , momma . she 's come . mrs . byrd Sarah ! bobby go fix nafloyd and the boy some coffee . we get guest , momma . Mrs byrd nod and head down the stair . mrs . byrd nafloyd ?! where you boy at ? 42 54 54 int . ST . stephen church . day . a congregation watch as bobby , nafloyd , baby roy , sarah and jame sing righteous gospel . " steal away to Jesus " . above they head a home -made sheet - banner : " the Gospel starlighter " Bobby look to Sarah and James with a searing gaze . Sarah innocent , James really give it up . James step out front . his voice soar sweetly over the congregation . Bobby 's gaze soften . mrs . byrd and grandpa watch on . Mrs. byrd lean forward and catch Bobby 's eye . give a small nod of approval . Bobby 's smile be ... more equivocal . 56 56 flashback : int . shack . barnwell . day . 1942 jame 9 yrs James be asleep in he bed . alone . it 's be a year after he momma leave . suddenly , Joe approach and throw a burlap sack at James . joe brown pack up . we leave . James wake and sit up in bed . Joe be clean shaven and wear he nicest shirt and neck tie . joe brown ( cont 'd ) hurry up . James wait a beat to make sure he father be go . James get out of bed and crawl deep underneath . he back out hold the dead man 's pair of shoe and place they in the burlap sack . 57 ext . aunt honey' house . later that day . 57 Joe and James walk down twigg street . Joe pull he donkey along with they . joe brown you miss you momma , boy ? James nod . joe brown ( cont 'd ) we go fix that . 43 James flash a hopeful smile . 58 58 ext . twigg STREET , the terry . day . 1942 jame 9 yrs Red dirt street . shack . Joe and James walk around to the back of " aunt honey be " house . the donkey have be tie to aunt honey 's fence . backyard we find aunt honey sit a chair . she hold a small dog in she arm . seven prostitute wash clothes in tub and hang they on a line to dry . aunt honey clearly run the house . she rise from she chair . clearly she take no shit . joe .. s'much appreciate honey . sure be mighty kind .. aunt honey what the hell be I suppose to do with that donkey , Joe ? joe brown think you could sell it . aunt honey I do not sell donkey , Joe . and jumpin ' in the Army be not go make this boy go away . Joe look away from honey . joe ( to James ) look after yourself junior . aunt honey and James watch Joe cross the street and disappear . aunt honey everybody gotta be somewhere . what 's you name , sugar ? jame junior . aunt honey guess you Little junior now . 44 honey turn to a small two story building in the rear of the yard . aunt honey ( cont 'd ) Big junior ! a huge 15 year old boy come out of the building and begin walk down the stair . this be the young version of Big junior who we meet outside the jail . aunt honey ( to jame ) ( cont 'd ) you show I you can bring it in you a I be not get no problem . ( as junior approach ) junior will show y'how to do . 59 59 ext . the terry . STREET . day . Big junior lead James away from aunt honey 's . Big junior turn to James . big junior I do this ... ( BJ touch he hat ) you say ` pretty girl ' , unnerstand ? so when they come , you be ready , alright ? I will say - yessir , yessir , come on down the street - we get sweet whiskey , we get music - ( touch he hat ) jame pretty girl . big junior we get card , we get dice , dance - ( touch he hat again ) jame pretty girl . CUT to : 60 60 ext . bus stop . the terry . augusta . day . jame 9 yrs Soldiers disembark from a troop bus. Big junior and James stand on the platform play and dance in bare foot . the soldier ignore James . 45 we again begin to hear " James ' theme " in James ' head . he dance faster , sharper . the soldier stop and take notice of he ever sharping skill . 61 61 int . aunt honey' parlor . later that night . the brothel be in full swing . girls. Soldiers . drunk . hustler . Music . ten soldier scramble over only five prostitute . James hand over money to aunt honey . she bundle he up and kiss he . he hold onto she tightly . she set he down . aunt honey you do good Little junior . you the sweetest little boy in the world . hear I ? James nod as two soldier begin fight over one of the prostitute . each pull she in a different direction . honey rise . aunt honey ( cont 'd ) ( to James ) go on in the kitchen . find you a scrap to eat . aunt honey pull out a knife that have be nuzzle inside she bra . James watch as she fix the situation . 62 62 int . barbershop . the next day . jame 19 yrs 1952 the band have just get they hair - cut like Louis Jordan ( and James Brown ) . Bobby byrd look at he hair in the mirror . bobby I do not know , James . this do not look too gospel . jame what you talkin ' about ? you hair be rise up to the Lord right ? like a flame . nayfloyd look deep into the mirror in front of he . nayfloyd the flame of hell . we be the Gospel starlighter . we a gospel group . this be R &amp ; B hair . 46 jame what you think " caldonia " be , nafloyd . nafloyd ( ruffled ) we just playin ' around with " caldonia " when we practice . that do not make we R &amp ; B. we still Gospel . 63 63 int . big bill rendezvous . toccoa , 1954 . night . the place be pack . on stage the 22 year old Little Richard be all over the piano , sing the hell out of tutti frutti . at the back -- Bobby and the band stand in shock and awe . nafloyd I swear he 's gonna break that piano . James be transfix . motionless . soaking it up . on stage -- the song end . the crowd explode . little richard we will be back in ten to flip you again ! whoooo ! yeah ! Bobby scan the crowd . bobby byrd ( frustrate ) look at this people James . man ! I be ready . you know be say ? when it go be we up there ? James have not move . he 's still stare at the stage . jame brown now . bobby byrd what ? James turn to Bobby . jame brown there 's a piano . and a stage . and right now . ( look at it ) ai not no one on it . 47 nafloyd what you talk about ? we can not go up there . jame brown why not ? like you say , nafloyd , " we just playin ' around with " caldonia " . so let 's go play around . Bobby nod , and James stride towards the stage and get up . the other look at each other : holy shit ! and scramble after he . James gesture to they to pick up instrument . jame brown ( cont 'd ) lady `n gentlemen . hope you be enjoy the show . nafloyd speak into he mic . nayfloyd we be the Star - James quickly interrupt . jame we be the famous flame . nafloyd look at Bobby . nafloyd flame ? baby roy famous ? James holler . the flame hit they queue , bang on , and they tear into caldonia . James loosen with every bar . unhook the mic . throw a move . as he hit the hook again the audience be draw to he energy like a magnet . backstage door - lean against a wall backstage , Little Richard look up from he pocket mirror . frown . little richard what be that ? in the wing - the club manager watch on unsure what to do . on stage - James and Bobby , holler into the same mic be rip the place up . in the wing - Little Richard appear at he side , fume . 48 little richard ( cont 'd ) get that bitch off my stage ! power to the stage be cut off . the performance be over but the crowd go batshit . nafloyd , baby roy be shaking . nafloyd we the flame . bobby look at jame . a new , know look . they bow as one , turn , and walk offstage , clean past a furious Little Richard . James return he glare with a even straighter one . jame brown ( deadpan ) just keepin ' it warm for ya . he walk past . little richard hey . what 's you name ? jame the famous flame . James look back levelly . little richard no . what 's you name ? they look at each other . neither blink . 64 64 ext . malt shop . night . 2 am . James sit alone at a table off to the side of the order window . Little Richard dress as a chef come out of the kitchen and drop two burger in front of they . James and Richard , cigarette in a long holder , hold forth . little richard I play a show in Lafayette last week twenty thirty girl pass clean out . need oxygen . I be kill `em James . they should lock I away . I cut loose it 's like a spaceship land . do I say I get a record out ? they drop it five time a day on wibb . five time a day . ( he look at James ) and I be flippin ' burger . you know why ? ( more ) 49 little richard ( cont 'd ) Cause wibb antenna reach 60 mile . 60 mile . this country be 5000 mile top to toe and 7000 coast to coast . you catch the wind , get a hit , a real hit , every inch of that be yours . jame brown so how we catch the wind ? Richard smile . stop the waitress . all charm . little richard sugar , may I borrow you pencil ? he take a napkin . start write on it . all business . little richard ( cont 'd ) you get a hundred buck ? jame brown no . little richard Rob a liquor store . you take a hundred buck to wibb in macon . ask for Big sauk . say Richard send you . you make a acetate . ten copy . you send they to this people . he write they down . James watch . jame brown it 's that easy why don ' you do it ? little richard I already do . baby , this be the last time you be go see my beautiful ass ' cep on tv . six month the whole world go know I . I go be bigger than cleopatra . it 's write in the star James . yes sir. I be go have the world on a string . ( then ) and that 's when the trouble start . jame brown and why that . he fix James . the air turn cold . 50 little richard that when the Devil come . and he be not gonna be red with no fiery tail . he go be white . in a fancy suit . and he go look you in the eye and he gonna ask what you want . and you best not shake , nor tremble . you best not blink one eye . swat a fly on the table . James do not blink . little richard ( cont 'd ) you go be ready for he James ? you get it inside ? jame brown you tell I Richard . you tell I what you see . James stare at Richard , who stare the same stare back . little richard what happen to you ? he look real hard . little richard ( cont 'd ) I know what happen to I . what happen to you ? James look away . 65 omitted 65 66 omitted 66 67 67 int . upstair at twigg STREET . dawn . 1942 jame 9 yrs James lie awake in a bed with four or five other sleep body . he look out of the window . Dawn be break through a crack pane . Way off in the distance he hear music and sing . he get out of bed . he pass a room , two soldier wait they turn with one of aunt honey 's prostitute . James reach the front of the house . he look to honey , out cold in a chair . a needle protrude from she harm . 51 he walk out of the house pass several people asleep in the yard . 68 68 ext . church / dirt road . day early morning . James continue he walk towards the music . 69 int . UNITED house of prayer for all people . day 69 a evangelical congregation light up by the spirit . sweet daddy grace : a suavely coiff but ferocious southern firebrand preacher wear a suit make of dollar bill scream and berate the congregation into a frenzy . daddy grace do you love he ?! people be have fit on the floor , beat themselves . shriek and weep hallelujah . daddy grace ( cont 'd ) ( even higher pitch ) say you love he ! daddy raise he voice even louder end in a shrilling falsetto . daddy grace ( cont 'd ) say it louder for Jesus ! say it louder ! daddy Grace fall to the floor and be attend by alter boy who drape a cape around he shoulder which he fling aside . James look around the room at the people . then at the preacher . 70 ext . twigg STREET bus stop . night . 1942 70 James stand silhouett against the high beam of the approach troop Bus . James begin to dance to the theme in he head . he 's dance differently now . mimick the move of sweet daddy Grace . James do a spilt in the beam of light . 52 71 71 omitted 71a int . byrd house . 71 a Mr. and Mrs. byrd listen to please please please on the radio . they be not pleased . 71b int . aunt honey' bedroom . night 71b aunt honey have just injected herself with morphine . she open a drawer and place a needle and vial inside . she cross to she bed and lay down . please please please play on a radio . aunt honey sing along and close she eye . 71c int . car - night 71c ralph bass drive and hear please please please . a smile cross he face . 71d ext . boarding house - later that night . 1954 71d establish of exterior board house with the crappy station wagon park out front . 72-73 omitted 72-73 74 int . boarding house - later that night . 74 all the flame asleep lay across as single bed in one motel room . CUT to : 75 75 int . boarding house . night . James and Bobby sleep next to each other . James whisper to Bobby : jame Bobby . I can not make practice Thursday . I gotta get marry . 53 bobby ( whisper ) what be you talkin ' about ? who you marryin' ? jame that chick I meet after the Stone Mountain show . velma . a silence fall . bobby what about my sister ? James flash a devilish smile . jame oh , I will still harmonize with Sarah from time to time . bobby I be not playin ' , James . how you go do all this ? jame do all what ? bobby practice . the road . makin ' record . startin ' a family . jame I be not startin ' nothin ' , Bobby . except what we doin' . James reach under the bed and pull out the acetate they just record . jame ( cont 'd ) that we . we in there Bobby . James hold the record close and study it with Bobby . bobby that 's all the money we get . and some we do not . jame but , it be beautiful . all that little groove . that 's we . it 's be write . ( more ) 54 jame ( cont 'd ) now , man go lay with woman . that 's nature . but a woman be not never go stop a real man from what he 's suppose to do . that 's god. husband ? daddy ? that give a man purpose . man gotta have purpose . but purpose do not stop I neither , Bobby . ai not nothin ' go stop we . nothin ' . and that 's God too . CUT to : 76 76 int . kitchenette . 1955 . day . jame 22 yrs James Brown stare back at he infant son with the same wary look . jame you go smile for I , teddy Brown ? he bounce he on he knee once . jame ( cont 'd ) come on , boy . twice . the kid smile . James suddenly become move . he lean over and kiss he son . velma we out of green . you want I to go pick some up ? velma , a cute nineteen year old girl be fix dinner . jame no baby . a car horn outside . he look out the window . jame ( cont 'd ) baby . I gotta go . velma but I get you supper . he hand she the baby , kiss she passionately . she melt . velma ( cont 'd ) wake I up . James pretend to look shocked , cover teddy 's ear . 55 77 77 ext . jame and velma' kitchenette James bound off the porch towards the station wagon . velma step onto the porch with the baby . she suddenly look very young . James turn to he family and pat he hand over he heart . jame ( shout out ) I get you right in here , teddy Brown . velma raise teddy 's hand and wave it at James . James begin to serenade " lose someone " to he family ... 78 78 ext . crappy station wagon . rural road - sunset . 1955 close on : James continue to sing . only now he 's hum as if work out a new way into " lose someone " . we widen to see the flame , baby Roy , nafloyd , Bobby and James push a old crappy chevy station wagon down the road . nafloyd have the easy job of keep the steering wheel straight . nafloyd be clearly annoyed by James ' hum . jame brown nafloyd , you know in " let 's make it " when it go ( he hum ) . if you go up there and hold it , like . ( hum ) . it 's go be sweet . make it like you get a harmonica stick in you throat . nafloyd look back at Bobby byrd . nafloyd scott you know what ? why do not you sing it , James ? jame brown what ? I can not sing it . it 's you song man . nafloyd scott but I be not sing it right James . I just be not . ( more ) 56 nafloyd scott ( cont 'd ) I be not get a harmonica in my throat . but you do . we all know you do . James continue with he hum . nafloyd stop push and walk alongside with a finger on the wheel . nafloyd scott ( cont 'd ) you know how it be do . you get it all work out . do not you ? bobby byrd James be not say that `floyd . he 's just hearing something . get back to push the car . nayfloyd let 's all take a break for a minute . everyone stop push . Bobby turn to nafloyd . fuming . bobby byrd what I say in peterstown ? huh ? nafloyd scott I know what you say . bobby byrd what I say ? nafloyd scott you say ` fill she up floyd . baby roy that 's right . that 's what he say . nafloyd scott I know you he say fill she up , baby Roy ! Problem be we do not get the dough to fill it . ( to Bobby ) we do not get the dough because Bobby here let James spend all we money on some fake record which be right now sittin ' in trash can outside King , outside rca , outside chess . ( to James ) you take all we money , James . where my money at ? they be about to throw down . 57 baby roy cool it floyd ! nafloyd scott where my money , James ?! jame I be take you to the money , nafloyd . ( James tap he head ) right now . this land hard on Bobby 's ear . he smile bobby byrd so , push the wagon , nafloyd . nafloyd resume push the wagon . 79 int . peach diner . 1955 . early morning . 79 James stand in the rear of a African american diner talk on a pay phone . he 's a sweaty mess have walk through the night . his face drop . it register sudden concern . jame be you sure , baby ? 80 int . peach diner . moment later 80 James join Bobby at a booth of the diner . Bobby be also a sweaty mess . bobby the tuxedo room already cancel tonight 's show . Said if we could not show up last night then why we gonna show up tonight . James shrug . bobby ( cont 'd ) now we get twenty four hour to get to prestonville . hundre and forty mile West . we get no gas . no bread . no show . I miss anything ? 58 jame velma 's pregnant again . Bobby look at he . deadpan . bobby congratulation . James nod . bobby ( cont 'd ) so now , we gotta make we a business decision . he reach in he pocket . put a few coin on the table . bobby ( cont 'd ) thirty cent . the question be , do I call the two Spot , find out we get any message . or do I get I a coffee . or do I skip the coffee , and get I a donut . James consider this . reaches in he pocket . put some coin on the table . jame knock yourself out . a black waitress come over . Bobby act as if he 's a high roller . live the life . peruse the menu . bobby hey honey . can I get I a coffee ... look at James . now for the ultimate luxury . bobby ( cont 'd ) ..and ... let 's see ... a donut ? waitress you boy from outta town ? jame we be musician . we the famous flame . waitress flame ? ( note they dishevel look ) more like a flicker . James reach over and grab the waitress ' hand . 59 jame all we need be a spark , baby . so we can turn the lamp down low till this sun rise up on we in the morning . the waitress pull she hand back . waitress y'all 's break ass be splittin ' that donut , be not you ? Bobby start to laugh . waitress ( cont 'd ) I will bring it with a knife . James wink before the waitress walk away . bobby I go call the two Spot . James expression instantly change . jame oh no . bobby what ? over at the door , a white guy . obviously a cop . he wave we waitress over . white guy Excuse I mar 'am , I just come from a place call the tuxedo room . I be look for the boy who be suppose to be play there tonight ? jame ( whisper ) I be not suppose to leave bibb County without tell my parole officer . bobby shit James ! what we do ? Bobby look around and James have disappear under the table . Bobby drop like a stone under the table as well . Bobby peer around the booth for a peek . 60 bobby ( cont 'd ) he 's come this way . oh shit . jame I can not go back to prison Bobby . the waitress sit the man down at a nearby table . white guy I have be drive across over two state look for this boy . they have to be here in macon . tell ya what , I will make it worth you while if you can tell I where they be . the man hand the waitress ten buck and a business card . the woman shrug as she read the card . waitress King record ? what do they do ? white guy everything right . Bobby and James look at each other . jame brown ( pole - axed ) King record ? Bobby crawl out from under the table suddenly all business . bobby even , sir. I be Bobby byrd this be my associate James Brown . James crawl out and stand before ralph bass . jame hi. bobby I understand you be look for the famous flame . later at the diner - Bobby and James sit with Ralph bass . the breakfast crowd have clear out . ralph bass I be Ralph bass from Federal record in Cincinnati . a imprint of King record . I hear you acetate . I want you to come to Cincinnati . I want you to make a record for King . 61 Bobby look back at he . nod . bobby King record . as in King record . the King record . the waitress arrive with a donut and a plate of steak and egg . she place the steak and egg in front of James and wink . ralph bass you sure put a lot into that cut . the main vocal . you get some soul right there . bobby uh .. that 's not I . that 's uh . that 's James . ralph bass that you sing ? James look back to US . jame yeah . that 's I . 81 81 ext . federal / king record , cincinnati . day . 1956 James stand alone look up at the tower building . CUT to : 82 82 int . recording studio . day . jame 23 jame brown please , please , please ....! they put everything they have get into " please , please , please " . James lean into a chrome studio mic and sing : please ... please ... please ... he lean out and the flame lean in to the same mic . " please please do not go " .. in the booth -- gene redd man the desk . Ralph stand nervously while syd nathan , the impressively fat 60 - year- old owner of King sit in jamjar spectacle and bakelite headphone , listen . 62 jame wait ... wait a second here - raggedly they all come to a halt . nafloyd seem annoyed . nafloyd what we stop for ? that be cookin' . everyone look piss at James who seem agitate . byrd 's nervous they be waste time . bobby it 's ok sir we ok . we can just start right at the top . jame it be not right . it 's too slow . we gotta pick up the pace fella . James begin to pace . Bobby grow concerned . bobby what be you do , James ? this man be do this for a long time . we need to listen to they . jame I need to come in early .. push it . drive it . early . before the beat . then speed it up , man . Ralph bass speak to James from the booth . ralph James , this be a ballad . the pace we have set be perfect . jame I know it 's a ballad , Mr. bass . but a ballad be suppose to get she in the mood , not put she to sleep . the flame all look at Bobby who look at the impatient face wait on the other side of the glass . bobby let 's just get it do ok ? jame but it be not right . they launch into please please please . jame nail he lead but the pace remain the same . 63 in the recording booth syd Nathan , take of he headphone , and turn to Ralph , piss as hell . syd nathan ( take off can . yell ) what the hell be this Ralph ?! where 's the rest of the song ? ralph bass syd - syd nathan he just keep holler that one word over and over . " please " . " please " what , Ralph ?! please jerk my dick ? what the hell do he want ? if he do not tell I , you be fire . in the studio Bobby and nafloyd can see something be wrong . James oblivious still sing , lose in the moment . in the booth ralph listen , Mr. Nathan . this song - syd nathan I do not hear a song Ralph . a song have verse . a snappy chorus . it 's not just some unfortunate nigger plead . who need that ? give I the fuck song Ralph . the song . ralph it 's not about the song . Nathan stop . this be sacrilege . syd nathan what ? ralph it 's not the song . Nathan turn to and look again . his eye narrow upon James Brown , he heart and soul pour out onto the tape . CUT to : 64 82a int . big bill rendezvous . 1954 . night . 82a the famous flame be back on stage at Big bill only now they own the room . a pack stand room only house be go wild for James and the flame . side door to the club have be open . people pour outside and dance . James sing please ! at a much faster pace than at King . aunt honey and she girl bump and grind to the music . jame please ! please ! please . James lower to the floor and belt he heart out as the song conclude . James walk off stage and just outside Big bill . a bath towel be put over James ' back and head to absorb he sweat . James be breathe hard , completely exhaust . the crowd be not want the show to end . the band be vamp amid cheer . crowd James Brown , James Brown , James Brown . James slowly rise he head from under he towel and look right at we . he begin to smile . he then look over to Bobby and nod . the band resume please , please , please . suddenly James throw the towel off of himself and run to the stage . the cape act be bear . jame please ! please ! please ! James jump onto the floor sing as if for he life . he soon disappear into a sea of woman pull at he clothes . 83 83 int . king record . meeting room . day jame 23 James Brown sit on a couch next to Ralph bass . ralph James . I want you to meet somebody . Ralph bass get up and open the door . on the chair outside the meeting room a friendly look man look up from a magazine . 65 ralph ( cont 'd ) James , this be Ben Bart . Ben be President of universal attraction . New York 's biggest book agency . bart that be a great show last week over in Jersey . jame well thank you Sir , we work real hard to - bart not we James . not the famous flame . you. James Brown . James look from one to the other . ralph what Bart be say James be - jame I know what Mr. Bart be say . I hear he . loud and clear . he look at they both . jame ( cont 'd ) I see where we goin ' . saw it this morning when you secretary call ask I to come here a hour early . alone . I know it six month ago . Hell , I know it the day I be bear . James look back . he do not blink . he look to we . jame ( cont 'd ) there 's some thing I be gonna want . 83a int . king record . conference room . later that morning . 83a a receptionist show the rest of the band in . the flame join Ralph , syd Nathan , Ben Bart , and James . BEN bart come in boy . come in . there 's no chair . they stand . 66 BEN bart ( cont 'd ) boy , I have something to show you . he hand they each a record sleeve . they look down . bobby I do not understand . be this some sort of mistake ? nafloyd ( read ) his famous flame ? the sleeve have clearly print on it " James Brown and he famous flame . " baby roy Sir , this be not right . BEN bart we agree . see I believe it should say simply James Brown . the fact be gentlemen , James Brown do not need the famous flame . King record and universal do not need the famous flame . but James have request that the name remain in some form . now if you want to stay , stay , but from now on you work for James Brown , on James Brown 's record . should you find this disagreeable in part or whole , you can go home . nafloyd ( stun ) James ? James stare straight ahead . nafloyd throw the record at the wall . Bobby stand there , stunne . slowly , James look at Bobby and then cross to he . jame Bobby . it 's just a name . ai not nothing different between we . this for all we not just I . it 's go be good . Bobby stare back . nafloyd step up to James . nafloyd James Brown . I never like you . come on . let 's get outta here .. 67 he turn and walk away with the band . Bobby rise and follow out the door . push in on James . Bart sit down opposite he . bart so . do you know what you want James ? 84 84 ext . wood . dilapidated cabin . 1941 . flashback - jame , age eight , outside the shack in barnwell , beat he stick against the shack . young jame ( incredulous ) I know exactly what I want . 85 85 int . king record . cincinnati . day . 1962 jame 29 yrs syd nathan forget it . King do not make live album . they be too expensive . jame I think a live album - syd nathan James , you audience be negro . negroes do not buy album . they do not have the resource . especially not for a bunch a song they already get . James turn to Ben Bart . BEN bart James , record live be five , six time as expensive as the studio . and that 's for some violin concerto at the met . no one jump up and shout " blow it fucker ! " in the middle of the Magic flute . jame but , pop , you know my show . James turn to syd . 68 jame ( cont 'd ) Mr. Nathan , you be not ever even see the show . my show . syd do not need to . syd rise and begin to dance . he attempt the " mashed potato " . jame Mr. Nathan - jame ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? syd the " mashed potato " . jame that be not the " mashed potato " . syd exactly . syd ( cont 'd ) I can not do the " mashed potato " . that 's you job . that 's the show . but what I can do be the business . syd go back to he desk and sit . syd nathan so I stick to what I know . you stick to what you know . and that 's the showbusiness . 86 86 int . elite restaurant . 1962 . day . Ben Bart and James , in a booth . James silent , tense . jame Book the Apollo . I be gonna spend my own money on this . syd Nathan 's wrong . BEN bart I be not go to let you do that , Jimmy . 69 jame Book it out next week for the whole week , go in , we drill it , we drill it , we drill it , then we drop it . BEN bart forget it , Jimmy . it 's too big of a risk . let 's order something to eat . Ben signal for a waitress to come over . James grow intense . jame I do not understand risk ? James stiffen . jame ( cont 'd ) I do not understand cos I be just the " show " ? be that all I be to you , pop ? the show ? the money ? BEN bart of course not , Jimmy . jame sure it be . that 's all I and my black brother be to the " White Devil " . we the show and you the money . and that 's how the White Devil keep it all . BEN bart I be not the " White Devil " . I be try to protect you . I be do my job . James become intense . a waitress walk over . jame pop , look I in the eye . Ben stay on he menu . jame ( cont 'd ) pop. Ben look up . the waitress scurries away . jame ( cont 'd ) yeah , I be the show . but , if I be spendin ' my own money on the show , then I be go be the business too . ( more ) 70 jame ( cont 'd ) and after we kill the Apollo , I will kick over a few buck to the white devil . whatever I think he deserve . and if I be payin ' you , pop , you go show I how to do it . Ben take this in . BEN bart I will call nola sound . they get this new three track stereo recorder from ampex . jame and I want the best engineer in town . I do not care what it take . I do not care what it cost . I want everyone in uniform , the usher , front of house , the peanut peddler . BEN bart we will need the band in New York immediately . jame and I want `em in sapphire blue suit . pop. sapphire . BEN bart sapphire Blue . underwear too . how do that sound ? pop smile as do James . 87 87 int . / ext . car / apollo theater . 1962 . night . Ben Bart drive a sedan . James ride in the front seat . jame it 's cold . it 's cold . it 's too cold man . it 's too cold . cold . cold . they round the corner . jame ( cont 'd ) c'mon. c'mon. c'mon. c'mon. c'mon . suddenly and for the first time , we hear the classic James grunt , guttural . a thumping rhythm begins . James , stock still , no longer look out of the window . head completely still . 71 out of the window : a line of people . on and on . we round the corner . more people . another corner . more . the door of the theatre open as we pass . people rush forward as the car pull up . James get out outside by the stage entrance . Ben follow . gertrude even , Mr. Brown . cold out tonight . jame gertrude . see if you can get some coffee for the folk in line . James walk into the stage door entrance of the Apollo . Ben follow with a big smile . it 's happen . 88 88 int . apollo theater . stage . night . 1962 one by one twelve payr of patent leather shoe hit the stage . the new jame brown revue file in with instrument case like some ultra hip sect . in the dimly light back stage we see the motion of open they case and begin set up they station , a beautiful black girl pull up she mini to reveal even more leg . James enter look amazing in a cobalt sharkskin . he approach the all new band . a member of the band , whose back be to we , peer out of the scarlet curtain towards the pack house . jame you ready Mr. byrd ? Bobby byrd turn from the curtain . the only surviving member of the starlighters . his profile light by a powerful spot . bobby byrd ( Ice cool ) ready Mr. Brown . gertrude rush to James with he jacket . he smooth he hair . fat V / o be you ready for star time ? thank you and thank you very kindly - 72 89 89 int . apollo . stage . night . syd Nathan and Ben Bart stand in the wing . syd shout in ben' ear . syd we get the level on he main mic way up to drow out the crowd . you gotta get he to hold back a little in the first number ! close up : Big two inch tape magnacorder turn on brush aluminium spindle . record live . Ben Bart look over at James at the curtain edge . a man possess . BEN bart I think its too late for that . you be not get a breeze , syd . you get a hurricane . James look at Bobby . Bobby nod . James nod back . the band vamp . jame watch I . the curtain open . bang ! James Brown &amp ; the New revue be in perfect timing look impeccable in they new sapphire blue suit . the crowd go wild with excitement . Mr. dynamite step on stage -- and float and dance across bare plank like they be polished ice . he reach the mike . jame ( cont 'd ) you know I feel alright . ( yeah ! ) you know I feel alright child . ( yeah ! ) I feel aaaaaaaallllriiiiiiight . Les buie whacks the guitar string and the world cease to spin . a rise 6 / 8 blue riff pulse up like adrenaline . as he sing the song , a shock wave blast out from the stage of the theatre on 125th street and into the Universe . Bobby might as well be sit on the moon . he never miss a beat . CUT to : 73 James Brown and the New revue be tear up they second number , " think . " syd nathan now sit in the audience surround by a sea of black face . we gather that syd have never really experience " the show " . he smile and nod to the beat . just then a female seat behind he shout as the horn kick in . female in audience blow it fucker !!! James stare into the darkness . he 's already begin to sweat . the drum stop a six punch combination from the horn dead . he reach for the mic without look . leans in and lock eye with syd . jame think ... think ... think ... about you bad self ... James drop to he knee . the crowd go wild . a few row behind syd , we find susie Brown sit in the audience . James ' mother have come to the show . 90 90 int . apollo dressing room . night . after . the cheer still ringing out . people pack into he dress room . Champagne cork pop . congratulation from all . jame thank you . that 's very kind of you . Bobby , at the door . can not get to he . turn to gertrude . bobby gertrude . get everybody out . gertrude what ? across the room jame we go celebrate tonight . and then tomorrow we go wilmington and do it to it all over again . 74 bobby Mr. Brown . Excuse I . Mr. Brown . ( then ) ... James . James stop . turn to face Bobby 's grave expression . Bobby whisper in James ' ear . bobby ( cont 'd ) there 's a woman here , Mr. Brown . she say she 's you mother . James stop dead . completely still . we push in . he do not blink . 91 91 flashback - ext . STREET . night . 1942 . jame 9 yrs Little junior walk twigg street at night . pass dive and joint . suddenly he stop , across the street , he see a woman come out of a bar arm in arm with a black soldier . he follow she up the street . she 's weaving and laugh with the drunk soldier . jame momma ? susie and the soldier walk into a side yard where a party be in full swing . James approach she from behind . jame ( cont 'd ) momma it 's I . it 's I . she turn . focus blearily . soldier you know this little nigger ? for a moment it look as if there be a flicker of recognition . then swivel she head to look at the soldier . she shake she head . soldier ( cont 'd ) beat it . young jame but momma ! the soldier pick up a rock a throw it . 75 soldier get the fuck out of here . 92 int . aunt honey' bedroom . night . 1942 92 aunt honey and James lie in bed together . James have be cry . aunt honey do not cry , Little junior . do not cry . now , child , I want you to listen to I . you go be okay . you hear I ? Little junior , you be bear dead . do you know that ? James shake he head . aunt honey ( cont 'd ) when you great aunt pull you into this world you be dead . you have go cold . she slap you ass hard too but you never draw a breath . you momma and daddy have to say goodbye to you . but then you great aunt breathe in you one last time . and then you turn warm and then you scream . so loud we hear it all the way here in augusta . you be special , boy . Cause you get the spirit in you . and that spirit tell I you go be a rich man , Little junior . and everybody go know you name . ai not nothin ' can touch you . you hear I ? nothin' . James nod . 92a 92a int . tour bus . day . 1964 the band on the bus . Bobby bennet frown and turn to Bobby byrd . a new girl , yvonne fair , get on . down the bus -- the other watch . maceo who 's this ? bobby bennet ( quietly ) James go wear that seat out . maceo which seat . her 's or the bus ? 76 have overhear , yvonne spend around . yvonne I be yvonne ! I be a singer . let I worry about my seat . bennet and maceo snicker . 93 93 ext . STREET / fish house . day . 1965 James and Ben Bart walk up a street . they turn a corner to see a gleam new cadillac park next to the Fish House . we see a driver inside . the driver exit . bart compliment of universal attraction . jame this for I ? looky this ! we get we a chauffeur . jame ( cont 'd ) ( to the chauffeur ) gimme the key . what they payin ' you ? James take the key and then pull out a roll of bill and count out six hundred . he hand they to chauffeur . jame ( cont 'd ) this here 's a month 's pay , help you get yourself another job . I go drive myself . the chauffeur smile , hand Bart he hat and walk off down the street . jame ( cont 'd ) do not mention it . ( turn to Ben Bart ) that 's six a month goin ' somewhere else . 94 94 ext . fish house - day James and pop sit at a small dining table outside the Fish House . 77 jame pop , see there 's something I be meaning to ask you . bart what 's that Jimmy . jame I get a seventh grade education pop , so you will have to excuse I . I be look over that figure you send I , and something occur to I : we do not pay the promoter , the promoter pay we . bart just standard Jimmy . guarantee against fluctuate ticket sale . let plan a- jame - sure we plan , see I ask myself , what if we do not get fluctuate sale . what if you knock the tar out of every show . Ben Bart watch James with a new outlook on he partner and friend . bart well let I explain the way it work . when you book a show . take Chicago . now we promoter in Chicago be - bart ( cont 'd ) lenny J Frank . lenny 's the number one promoter in Chicago have be for twenty year . jame I do not doubt it . bart now when lenny pay we a flat rate , we can account . you know , number one , you be get top rate and number two - jame what if we take the gate ? ( Bart stop jame look over ) what if we take it ourself . ( more ) 78 jame ( cont 'd ) and still get the show promote , but better . BEN bart better than lenny franks ? jame lenny franks a James Brown fan ? how old he , sixty ? why 's he go try harder for James Brown than for Sam cooke ? or Ray Charles . or Tom Jones . see pop . we go to the radio station . bart Jimmy , I understand you frustration but you gotta realize you be enter a game where the rule be set out . if you be a ball player you can not walk in and change how many inning they be gonna play just because ... as Bart drone on , James lose interest and start address we directly . jame you see my point right ? ok . listen up . we go to the radio station . we go to the young cat . the hungry cat . the late night cat . 95 95 int . radio station . James talk to we as he stand next to a deejay , alan leed , the deejay do not hear James talk to we . jame the twenty year old white deejay in Richmond Virginia who 's get pay nothing and be only doin ' it because he love music . we go to he we ask he if he want to be the sole James Brown promoter for the Richmond show . for a percentage . he go say : the deejay suddenly look up to James . young richmond deejay be you fuck kid I ? do you know how much they pay I ? 79 jame walk past through the station talking to US . jame between nothing and fifty buck a week . but he love my music . he dig James Brown . and he get a microphone and a turn - table and four hour airtime to kill . young richmond deejay screw payola . later - the radio station . he spin it . music start : " papa 's get a brand New bag . " jame begins to groove . jame and at the end he go say .. 95a 95 a archival footage . voice - over of deejays announcing the upcoming show over .. " make sure you catch jame at the arena in richmond this tuesday !!! " etc . 96 int . fish house . day . 96 back at the fish hut , jame be talking to US as he order a plate of fish . jame now because he 's twenty he 's get strong leg . and he know everyone . 97 97 ext . the street . 1965 . the various deejays -- riding around town on bike , on skate , diving out of car , pasting up poster everywhere . jame ( v.o. ) he know the guy in the barber shop know the guy at the pool hall , the guy at the garage . 80 98 inside jame pay for a large plate of fish . 98 jame ( to we ) that way we get we record play outside payola , we get we show promote better , harder , cheaper , and we keep the gate . 99 ext . fish house - continuous 99 James exit the fish house and sit down at a rickety card table with Bart . jame ( to Bart ) and the best part be , you can put it all through the book . item . promoter . ( he turn to Bart ) what would you think pop ? bart its beautiful Jimmy . I can not do it . Bart pick up a piece of fish and eat it . jame why not ? bart universal attraction promote many act . I can not piss off the 60 or 70 promoter in this country to skim a little extra on the James Brown show . jame it 's not a little . if the show sell , and it 's sellin' , we talk thousand of dollar a night . difference per year between 2 and 3 million dollar . bart and I be out of a job . think you be forget I do not just work for James Brown . jame and there 's my next point pop . why not ? ( Bart stop ) ( more ) 81 jame ( cont 'd ) I can do something for you , and you can do something for I , and it be not buy I no cadillac . do you buy Wilson pickett a cadillac ? do you buy Jackie Wilson a cadillac ? you know which way this thing be go pop . I get people around I who do not see it . Bart look at he for some time as a black 1965 limousine pull up to the fish house . James look straight back to we . smile . Ben Bart rise and grab a piece of fish . BEN bart ( to James ) I thank you for the fish . and I be gonna need some benefit , boss . Bart cross to the limo and leave . blackout . scream . horn vamping . 100 100 int . theater . night . 1965 jame 32 the whole band on stage look sharp . knock the shit out of man' world . James fall to he knee James turn to backup singer , yvonne and wink . she wink back . James scan the front row and see a very beautiful black woman , dede , dance in the audience . James and dede lock eye . the attraction immediate . man 's World continue over the next three scene . CUT to : 101 101 int . secure room Ben Bart count bundle of cash . he shut a case full of money . hand it to 300lb minder . a assistant try to handcuff it to he wrist . it will not close . bart po-lice have the same problem . Bart look at the three hundred pound minder . tacitly decide it 's probably safe . 82 102 102 ext . STREET in cincinnati . 1965 . day . two shiny car pull up to the bank . the 300lb minder , and a couple of he fella , head into the bank each carry several suitcase full of money . 103 103 int . bank . day . they form a queue as the good folk of Cincinnati stare agog . the carrier hand over bundle and bundle of cash . behind the counter the manager spot how many suitcase they have . 103a 103a int . theater . night . later that same night . James be conclude he show with please , please , please . he be at the tail end of he cape routine . the cape be brilliant blue with rhinestone . he glance at dede one last time from under the cape . 104 104 int . backstage . post show . night . 1965 James walk down the corridor backstage . stops. sniff . open a equipment room door . new band member be inside smoking reefer . jame who you play sax with son ? new band member James Brown orchestra , Mr. Brown . jame what 's the rule ? new band member no hophead . no reefer head . no junky . jame not on the bus . not backstage . you a talented horn player , son . you gotta keep you game tight . now you wanna smoke a little groove on you own time , that 's yo ' business . but we out here to work hard and we go do just that you dig ? fifty . 83 put out he hand . new band member count off bill and walk down the corridor . James turn around to find a beautiful black woman stare back at he . she hold a notebook and pen . jame ( cont 'd ) hello pretty thing . you want a autograph ? she nod . James approach and try to grab the notebook . she pull it back from he grasp with a smile jame ( cont 'd ) you want to come with I ? so I can sign it somewhere private ? James flash that million dollar smile . they walk away together . 105 int . jame brown' home . bedroom . walton way . augusta . 105 James walk into the bedroom of he home . dede be sit at the end of they bed look beautiful in a sexy negligee . jame I call you yesterday , you be not home . dede I be home all day . jame you be home all day . so why you do not pick up the phone ? dede I do not know . what time you call ? jame I call you at one and quarter past one , then I call you at two . and I call again at three . dede you must have want to talk to I pretty bad . jame where be you ? 84 dede yesterday . I do not know .. in the bath ? jame for two hour ? dede you want I to take short bath ? you do not have a phone in the bathroom , James . what you gonna do ? Fine I ? he look at she levelly as he walk past and grab a phone from the bedside table . he yank it out of the wall . dede turn , James race towards she but pass and head into the bathroom . 106 int . bathroom - continuous 106 James walk in with the phone . James throw the phone at a bathroom mirror . it shatter . back in the bedroom dede be still as stone . James look to dede and then begin to smile . jame I be not go fine you , baby . you fine enough already . dede smile . dede then get over here , Mr. dynamite . James approach dede and begin take off he clothes . jame get you a phone in the bathroom now . James and dede begin make love . music . money won't change you . over . 85 107 107 ext . cadillac . 1965 . day . James , dede and Bobby be stand outside James ' cadillac . dede have she hand over Bobby 's eye . dede have a huge diamond ring on she finger . dede keep you eye close Bobby . keep `em close . bobby byrd they be close , dede . jame you peekin ' brother ? ok . ok . ( James stop the car . ) you ready . you ready ? ok . open `em . ( Bobby do . ) check it Bobby . be that something ? Bobby open he eye and see a lear jet stand on a runway . " James Brown " on the side . jame ( cont 'd ) that something Bobby ? be that something ? bobby yeah brother . that 's something . velma pull up in another car . it 's full of James kid . teddy plus four more . he pick they all up and hug they . as he do , Bobby sheepishly greet velma . bobby ( cont 'd ) hey velma . velma hey Bobby . James and dede come over . Bobby take a step back . velma ( cont 'd ) teddy get impetigo . jame impetigo ? dede it 's a skin infection . 86 velma all that mess round he mouth . that 's impetigo . it 's highly infectious . velma turn to dede . velma ( cont 'd ) I be just sayin ' Mrs. Brown , I would not go too near teddy . not unless you wanna catch impetigo . dede thank you , velma . I will consider myself warn . velma warned ? oh , that 's a whole other conversation . welcome to the family . dede and velma smile at each other . James look at the two woman then to teddy . he pull teddy in close . James turn to he other kid . jame listen up . which one of you cat want to fly to reno on daddy 's airplane ? the kid all say " I !... I ! " the kid , Bobby and dede walk up the step onto the plane as velma get in she car . James linger . jame ( cont 'd ) ( to velma ) you need anything ? velma I will let you know . I be put a big list together right now . velma smile and crank she car . 108 ext . reno private airport . establishing . day . 1965 108 109 109 int . private airport terminal . later that day . jame James be give a press conference to a group of journalist . 87 Bobby , teddy and dede stand next to James . interviewer welcome to reno , Mr. Brown . what exactly do you call you style of music ? jame brown I call it James Brown music . what I mean be , it 's so far ahead of it 's time that they be not get a name for it yet . take another record , any record from you stack at home . I do not care if it 's from motown or stax or whatever ... and put it on you box . none of they be gonna sound like mine . not even my own old record . just like the title say , it 's a " new bag " . see the funk be in the bass . the bass never change . it 's a groove , lady . soon as you hear that groove , I know I get you . interviewer and what exactly be the groove ? jame brown the groove be something you feel . the groove be solid . bam bap . it do not move . it 's like a heartbeat . it 's inside you , drive everything . hard . flat . a groove . interviewer but how exactly do you define it ? jame brown I just do . ( then ) see miss . see there 's some thing , they be just too big to fit in a magazine . but we all feel it . even little teddy here know it when he feel it . James groan " um booga chooca . um " . teddy be light up ; thrilled . he sing . teddy " um booga chooca " 88 jame brown see . right there . we all feel it together . and that 's the groove . understand ? interviewer ( check she question ) so what 's you favorite food ? James catch dede 's eye . she and James share a know look with Bobby . Bobby take the mic as James walk away to a side room where Ben Bart be wait . CUT to : 110 int . airport meeting room - moment later 110 bart , James study at a map . bobby sit across the aisle . bart then we get a day between Raleigh , Carolina and Columbia two day after . jame Day off ? bart sure. regroup . Rest the horse . jame we be not payin ' the horse to rest `em . besides , we get a day off in two week in New Orleans . the boy can get they wife , girlfriend along , kick back . what 's between Raleigh and Columbia ? spartanburg ? back the PRESS conference : bobby byrd well see , James start out in augusta . then he family move to toccoa . that 's where we meet . journalist and tell I about James ' first band , the famous flame . 89 bobby byrd well there be five of we to start with . nafloyd Scott , baby Roy Scott , sylvester keel .. journalist and they leave ... bobby byrd yeah . they leave . James walk into the interview area . jame ( interrupt ) Bobby ? what 's the name of the theater in spartanburg ... bobby uh .. the viceroy . the .. jame the regal ! bobby yeah . that 's it . the regal . jame ( to Bart ) on Howard Street and main . hold about 750 people . guy name bennett use to own it . yeah , spartanburg . yeah , we will play there and I can bring in my masseuse from Anderson . James disappear again . jame ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) call `em up , pop . the journalist laugh . journalist wow . he 's get a amazing memory . Bobby nod to himself . bobby yeah . James remember everything . 90 111 ext . jame brown' home . walton way . 1967 . christmas . 111 on the lawn of James ' and dede 's new home a Christmas spectacular be stage . the Brown 's Colonial be smack dab in the middle of augusta 's most elite , white neighborhood . Fake snow be be spray on the lawn by teddy . kid of all race play in the white stuff . we widen to see a huge line of people wait to meet James who be dress as Santa clause . dede be dress as a sexy Mrs. clause . dede wear sexy fish net hose which rise up she leg , disappear into a short red skirt . dede hold a infant girl . one by one , kid and they parent approach James . he hand each kid a five dollar bill . a little white boy approach . jame hey little man , you be good this year . little boy yes , mister Brown . James hand he a five spot . dede hand the little boy a candy apple . another little white boy and he father approach . James as James speak to the little boy . jame merry Christmas , Little man. James then notice the boy 's father check out dede . the little boy move on to dede . she lean over and pick up a apple from a tray . the boy 's father take full notice of dede 's ass . James take full notice of the entire thing . 112 int . jame brown' home . walton way . augusta . later that 112 day . James and dede enter the Brown home , pass a huge life size portrait of James hang in the foyer . dede great crowd today , baby . 91 James pass dede without a word and head to the back of the house . dede follow James think the live room and into the kitchen . James disappear around a corner . dede ( cont 'd ) you want some dinner ? dede follow James around the corner and disappear . jame ( o.c. ) you stand up in James Brown 's yard dress like that ? so every man can see you ? then suddenly , a smack be hear . dede 's body fall back into frame and collapse on the kitchen floor . a towel fly into frame and land next to dede . jame ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) cover yourself up . 113 int . jame brown' home . walton way . augusta . continuous 113 we be now with James in the room off the kitchen . behind James we see dede start to get up off the floor . the camera be on James ' face . we get the sense that James want to look at we and talk directly to we but he will not . out of shame , James leave the room and go to dede 's aid . CUT to : 114 114 ext . HOTEL pool . new orlean . 1967 . day the long await day off . the James revue kick back by the pool in the sunshine , wife , girl , and kid . a idyllic scene . kid play with father . kid towelled down by mother . 115 ext . HOTEL pool . check in stand . continuous 115 a white female tourist in swim kit have be complain to a HOTEL manager . her husband , try to make peace . 92 husband ( regard the manager ) honey , he hand be tie . the pool area have be reserve for a private function . wife we be good people and we have pay good money . we do not come all the way to New Orleans to swim in a pool full of - husband wife ( cont 'd ) niggers . entertainer . just then a band member 's kid do a cannonball in the pool . back at the pool Bobby , poolside , mess about with the new singer , Vicki anderson . VICKI anderson you a bad man Bobby byrd . suddenly he pull she to he . they nearly share a kiss . but laugh instead . Bobby turn he head to a hotel balcony . Vicki grab Bobby 's face and turn it back toward she . VICKI anderson ( cont 'd ) quit lookin ' for James Brown and keep you eye on I , Bobby byrd . she sexily rise and go and sit on a lounger . Bobby watch she all the way . she catch he eye . look at he , raise a eyebrow like " what you look at ? " he feign innocence , turn , and smile . 116 ext . HOTEL balcony - same time 116 James discreetly watch from behind a blind on he balcony high above . 117 ext . HOTEL pool . continuous . 117 pee wee , in jam , walk with a new band member , fred wesley , who be still wear a suit . 93 pee wee fella 's this be Fred . I think we would show he how thing work ? pee wee pull out a cheap wig from he pocket and put it on . everyone around the pool begin to laugh as pee wee begin demonstrate how thing work to wesley . pee wee be full on imitate James Brown pee wee ellis so when I do this .. ( turn head , stamp foot ) means you give it some punch . see . when I dip like this . ( dip hip and slide ) bobby means less sharp . bring it down . Fred nod . pee wee ellis when I do this . ( jut chin back and forth ) maceo mean I give it some heat . pee wee ellis right . now when I do this . ( stamp foot and move elbow . ) and you stab .. all on the one . pee wee ellis see ? and when I pop he head like this , it mean . all take it to the bridge . maceo what about when he do this ..? maceo crunch he shoulder blade together . pee wee ellis I be not ready to tell you that one yet . I be in control Mr. parker . get it . do not ask about that again . 94 pee wee flash he hand at maceo . pee wee that will be ten thousand dollar . the band lose they shit at this one . laugh all around . a hotel employee walk out with a note and hand it to pee wee. pee wee read . pee wee remove the wig . pee wee ( cont 'd ) he 's call a rehearsal . bobby when ? pee wee now . we gotta go get dress . maceo you be kid . tell I you kid . 118 118 ext . HOTEL room balcony / pool . hiding behind a partition , James raise a cigarette to he mouth . 119 jame 34 yrs 119 int . new orlean HOTEL rehearsal room . 1967 the band , all in they suit , with they instrument . all glaring . one more piss off than the next . Vicki stand in the corner . James be in the middle of a extend anecdote . jame see my great grandmother on my momma 's side , she asian . she get asian blood . see asian be a flexible race . you get with a asian chick ? that a whole other story . no spank but they get it baby they get it . anyway what be I talkin `bout ? maceo you chinese knee Mr. Brown . jame that 's right . that it . I get this chinese knee . ( more ) 95 jame ( cont 'd ) that 's how come I can dance the way I do . anyway . one. two . Three . four . hit it . the band start up . during the introduction to cold sweat , maceo come in late on the sax . everything stop . jame ( cont 'd ) stop. maceo. ( laugh ) what you do man ? you come in maybe a little too late . what 's the matter son . you lose you feel ? maceo ( flatly ) no Sir . I be not lose no feel . silence . James tune into the vibe for the first time . something 's wrong . jame ( innocently ) something wrong , maceo ? ( silence . directly ) be something wrong , maceo ? bobby byrd James - James round on Bobby . jame you get something to say Mr. byrd ? ( silence . smiling ) because a man get something to say he should say it . you get something to say ? silence . Vicki look away . all at once James lose it . jame ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) well then you just holding up the rehearsal Mr. byrd . jame ( cont 'd ) I can not have people holding up the rehearsal . if I can not do it right I be not go do it at all . we get to get on . get ahead . now you know the rule . ( more ) 96 jame ( cont 'd ) you late , you off or you hold we up , it 's no good , Mr. byrd . its gonna cost you 50 dollar . Bobby 's jaw tighten . everyone hold they breath . jame ( cont 'd ) now be you ready Mr. byrd . be you ready Mr. byrd ? pause . bobby byrd yes , Mr. Brown . James glance to Vicki and wink . jame good . I be not fatten frog for snake . from the top . one two ... cold sweat resume . Bobby sing he back part . James stand in the middle of the floor . its good but - jame brown quit it . ( they all stop ) clyde man . let get that pop ! Dee .. app .. pop ! unnerstand ? it drop before you reach the beat . dig ? Jimmy nolen look worriedly at pee wee . maceo ( whisper to waymon ) do he mean top of the bar ? pee wee ( to maceo ) he mean the down beat . jame it goin ' wrong there pee wee , when it rise up . maceo but Mr. Brown . maceo pause and wait to be acknowledge by James . James turn and glare at maceo . 97 maceo ( cont 'd ) we rehearse it like you tell we . we get it like you like it . Jimmy can not do that with the part he 's play . we can change the part if you want . jame brown ( suddenly angry ) do I say change the part ? do not change the part . how many record you get ? James sarcastically respond to maceo 's silence . jame thank you ! I like the part he playin ' now . I just want it in a different place . blank stare from the band . James walk over to clyde 's snare and point . jame ( cont 'd ) what 's this , maceo . maceo . it 's a snare , Mr. Brown . jame a snare what ? maceo . drum . jame correct . James move over to Jimmy . point to he guitar . jame ( cont 'd ) what 's this , maceo ? maceo guitar , Mr. Brown . jame no it 's not . James go back to clyde and point to maceo 's sax jame ( cont 'd ) what 's that , pee wee ? 98 pee wee . a drum , Mr. Brown ? jame now you be get it . James cross to pinckney and point to odum 's guitar jame ( cont 'd ) what 's that he 's hold . pee wee a drum ? James point to the horn section . jame you fellas . what be that shiny thing you hold . everybody in the room drum . jame now we all get we drum . now when you be play the drum it do not matter what key you be in , what bar you in or what planet you on . dig ? maceo ( with trepidation ) but Mr. Brown . maceo pause and wait for jb to acknowledge he . maceo ( cont 'd ) clyde will be in a different time to the rest of the band . that do not work musically . they all know it . jame brown but do it sound good ? the band nod . jame brown ( cont 'd ) do it feel good ? more nod . 99 jame brown ( cont 'd ) then it 's musical . so play it like I say . from the top . the groove of cold sweat come to life . the beat heavier , almost irregular but actually in the pocket , the horn and bass clipped , drum-like , the off rhythm of Jimmy 's guitar bring the whole room together . 119a ext . pool area bar . same time . 119 a we racist couple have now belly up to a outside bar . cold sweat leak out into the bar area . unable to help themselves , the couple rise and begin to dance . 119b back inside the rehearsal : 119b the band be really hit it hard . vicky , bobby...everyone feelin ' it . jame brown mmmn ! huh ! now that a groove . by God it be . James start sing the cut . 120 120 int . HOTEL bar . night . 1967 the recording session be over . James have long since go . maceo and Bobby relax at the bar . maceo Bobby , James Brown 's my meal ticket . so I just shut my ear and chomp down he bullshit . but why you soak it up man ? you he best friend . you know he for time brother . and he treat you like that . I be you I would bust he in he damn mouth . Bobby byrd nod he head . bobby byrd I hang in there cause I remember the day that I know . knew I be never gonna be in front . he look at maceo with a calm , measure sense of reality . 100 bobby byrd ( cont 'd ) you work so hard at this one thing and then one day you realize it be not suppose to be you . you can get mad . try to fight it but if it 's God 's truth . it 's God 's truth . James be suppose to be in front . I see it happen . and the man in front have to be the man in front . it be not always pretty but that 's the man 's responsibility if he wanna stay there . and you and I can not know what that be . we be not suppose to . so , do not lie to yourself maceo . every man in this band walk taller because he with James Brown . every man in this band believe in himself a little more because he 's with James Brown . maceo you sure you just be not too scared to be in the front ? bobby byrd no . but my ear a ' open . open you ear , maceo . he 's a genius . and he 's takin ' we with he . CUT to : 121 121 int . king recording studio . day . 1968 jame 35 yrs boil studio . James drench in sweat howl at the microphone . jame mother , she get to have . say , you get to have a mother for I . yeah , popcorn ! the band sit right into the groove of mother popcorn and sweet thunder roll onto another master tape . everyone 's eye be glue to James stand in the centre : direct they with body movement and gesture , play the whole band like a single instrument . jame ( cont 'd ) quit it . ( they stop . ) we miss something . ( they look at each other . it be perfect . ) ( more ) 101 jame ( cont 'd ) pee wee , get over here by the microphone . and bring that horn box . that 's where you keep the wig , right ? they all stop . oh. shit. pee wee Mr. Brown ? CUT to : now pee wee stand at the microphone , uncomfortable , with the wig on , sing the song . James be in with the horn , who be all cry with laughter , enjoy the hell out of this rare moment of levity . James , deadpan , egg he on . pee wee call for a horn solo from he . suddenly there 's a commotion in the mixing booth . James bring they to a stop . jame what be it ? why we stop Henry ? the engineer hand go to they face . shake head . jame ( cont 'd ) what ? what be it ? Bobby enter the room . bobby byrd it 's King . they shot Dr. King . 121a 121a blackout : sfx : burning . siren . gunfire . television footage . riot all over America . Police beat back group of rioting youth . 122 int . king record - syd nathan' office - night . 122 James sit watch the carnage unfold . Ben Bart knock and enter bart Jimmy , Mayor of Boston 's office call . want you to know they have cancel tomorrow 's show at the Garden . for reason of public safety . he 's worried about rioting . 102 James do not look away from the screen . jame brown tell the Mayor , I sell 30 million record and ninety five percent of they be to the black community . they listen to I . they will not riot bart we have virtual race war loom across the South , Jimmy . Politics , 101 ? do not put 10,000 angry black together in one place in the middle of a city , and broadcast it live to the world . jame get the Mayor on the phone . CUT to : 123 123 int . king record . syd nathan' office - night . James be on the phone with the mayor jame Mr. Mayor , the way I see it , you already lose you next election . you lose it at 7:05 pm Memphis time . CUT to : 124 int . boston mayor office - night . 124 the mayor listen intently with the phone press to he ear . jame now tomorrow night , you either get 10,000 angry folk in the Boston Garden , or you get 10,000 angry folk on you front lawn . take you pick son . which one you want ? 125 125 int . boston garden . night . 1968 jame 35 yrs tension in the air . Police on every exit . dog . on stage , mayor white speak to a restless audience . 103 mayor all of we be here to night to listen to a great talent . James Brown . but we be also here to pay tribute to one of the great Americans , Dr. Martin luther King . so , let we look at each other and pledge that whatever else any other community might do we in Boston will honour Dr. King in peace . James step forward . jame brother before I get to this next thing I wanna say . he 's a young man you dig . he 's a young man so he 's think together . the man be together . give he another round of applause . James watch the restless , shouting , crowd . he look at the cameramen . the tension be unbearable . he let it build . jame ( cont 'd ) hit it . a fast , rhythmic drum solo . Building . face in the crowd . the police . tense promoter and politician to the beat rhythm . the band whipcrack into I got the feeling . James pulsate . spin . pushes the stand away . Zip ! it 's back . a kid at the front get onto the stage and sprint for James only to be tackle by James ' security . another clamber up but be kick back by a police officer . the audience react badly . another kid get on stage and cop harshly push he to the floor and throw he back into the audience . Police come out onto the right side of the stage and shine torch down into the audience . they shove people back down . a kid in a white jacket leap on stage right in front of James . for a moment everyone stop . a white cop appear from nowhere and viciously bodycheck the kid back into the front row in full view of the camera . the mayor stand in the wing flanke by policeman . dede stand behind they watch nervously . mayor oh no . 104 on stage James stop the band . jame wait a minute . step off . move off . I will be a'ight here . I be fine . James wave the police off the stage on either side to cheer and whistle from the audience . suddenly a ten year old kid appear next to James from out of the audience . he seem amaze to find himself there . jame ( cont 'd ) do you wanna dance son ? you dance . no longer hold back by police more kid invade the stage . James respects they all , shaking hand and look at they eye to eye . kid throng around he on stage . he 's lose control . jame ( cont 'd ) c'mon . c'mon now . y'all go down . go back down . do not nobody else come up . wait a minute . wait . lady and gentleman . this be no way . this be . we be black . we be black . ( cheer . ) wait a minute go back . can not y'all go back down and let do the show together . we be black do not make we all look bad . let I finish the show . step down there . be a gentleman . let represent we own selve . let represent we own selve . one by one they step back down into the crowd . jame ( cont 'd ) now I ask the police to step back because I figure I could get some respect from my own people . now we together be not we . ( cheer ! scream ! ) hit that thing man . the band strike back up and James kick back into " I can not stand myself " the stage clear . the crowd calm . the panic over . mayor ( to a policeman ) Holy shit . he do it . 105 dede ( sotto ) of course he do . dede smile proudly . I do not want nobody to give I nothing kick in over intercut archival footage of newscaster discuss the last minute decision for the concert to go ahead . 126 126 int . archival news report . headline , under a picture of James : racial peace restore in capitol after rioting . archival news report City official in Washington DC have praise James Brown . order have return to the city hit by rioting largely because of radio and television appeal from the soul singer over the weekend . over jame ' performance at the garden as young black guy dance . jame ( v.o. ) in America today you have either get to be a entertainer or a ball player or what ? if you poor , young and black , what be there ? and you ask I why they on the street ? it be not politics we watchin' . it 's economics . 127 127 int . jame brown production lear jet . night . James be on the plane with Ben Bart . jame you get kid out there that can not eat , robbing and steal and do what they have to do to make it . and if you do not do something about it we gonna lose the country . I go to harlem , talk to Rap Brown , talk to the Nation they call I a separatist . here we be on we way to the White House , pop , and they already call I a uncle Tom . so what I suppose to do ? ( more ) 106 jame ( cont 'd ) write a check for Rap so he buy rifle , machine gun , rally on 125th and take it south ? what it say to you , a street kid from augusta , Georgia in the White House ? bart it say you kissin ' up to the man James . James be take aback . no - one else in the world could say this . jame you ask I to turn this plane around and stand up the President ? bart no . I be say who give a shit . you be already screw , James . think about it . if you stand up lyndon Johnson to go kiss up to the panther , you be not go be playin ' Vegas anytime soon because if they think you can stop a riot , they sure as hell will expect you to start one . jame so here I be . just a sorry soul brother whining inside he private jet , huh ? they both laugh . but James be troubled . Bart tone change . bart do not be scared my friend . because if you be scared , it do not end well for the black man . do you thing , James . ( he look at he hard ) it 's work for you so far . 128 int . white house - next morning - 1968 128 close on jame with he head tilted back talking upward : jame I want to go to Vietnam . I want to show unity for the boy out there . the beleaguere , the tired and in the dark . ( more ) 107 jame ( cont 'd ) and we need to bring awareness , and Mr. President , we need to bring the super heavy funk . we widen to see 5 ' 7 " James look up to the 6 ' 4 " lyndon Johnson . President Johnson shake James ' hand . 128a int . hanger . vietnam . 128a we be now back in Vietnam at the hanger concert . James look right at we . jame take it and flip it . 129 ext . golf course - morning . 129 Ben Bart be play golf with several friend . Bart drive the ball straight and hard . we watch as the ball land three hundred yard down the runway . back on the tee box . Ben Bart lay face down dead in the turf . his friend race to he side in shock . close on : Ben 's face be press sideways on the grass . his open , dead eye stare right at we . 130 ext . cemetery - day 130 a casket lay at the bottom of a grave that have be dig . ten male funeral attendee in suit and yammakas take turn shoveling dirt onto Ben Bart 's casket . dede and James stand to the side . completely distraught . James start to panic and lower to the ground . dede catch he under the arm . one of the man approach James with the shovel . James can not bring himself to put dirt on the casket . 131 131 int . recording studio . los angele . night . band member fitted with there african dashikis be roll a funky vamp together into a groove . clyde hit a fat `pop pop ' beat . sweet Charles lock the bass line in to the beat . country find a chunky b-flat - 9 rhythm on the guitar and the groove take shape . 108 the door open . James and teddy walk in . James and teddy 's hair be cut into a short natural . everyone look at each other . jame hit it . the band start . James make a few adjustment . Jimmy nolen strike up a womp - womp sound on a single string . the horn do the James trademark ladidadidat . jame ( cont 'd ) quit it . ( he push the intercom to the booth ) bring `em in . the door open . 32 child enter the room . most kid be black , except for a few mexican child . dede and teddy be there , along with some of James ' other kid . jame ( cont 'd ) how we all doin ' . hope this be not too late for you folk . James and teddy stand before the group . James put he arm around teddy as he address the kid . jame ( cont 'd ) I bring you all here today so I could tell you something very important . I want you all to know that you can do or be anything you want in this world . do not let anybody tell you anything different . you understand ? when I be a boy I use to shine shoe in front of radio station . now I own that radio station . you get to build it . and then you gotta learn it ... and that 's when you earn it . James get all the kid around one mic . he put dede and teddy to the side of the kid . CUT to : later everyone be cue . maceo whisper to pee wee Ellis . maceo you think they fuck up he go take they pocket money . pee wee laugh and nod he head . 109 jame we ready fella ? the groove start again . James fly into I be Black and I be proud . which plays over addressing US directly jame ( cont 'd ) I think about a lot of thing . about problem . about solution . you know one way of solving a lot of problem that we have get in this country ... be let a person feel that they important . feel that they somebody . it 's it . man can not get hisself together ... ... until he know who he be and be proud of what and who he be and where he come from ! where we all come from ! James leave we and continue with the song . he look to the child jame ( cont 'd ) say it loud ! they scream into the mic . child I be Black and I be proud ! James catch eye with teddy . he nod proudly . teddy smile . jame brown - ghetto reality begins to play and continue over the next few scene 131a ext . aunt honey' 1968 house in the latter year - day 131a James and teddy pull up in front of a small shotgun house in the Terry . they exit and walk up to the house . 131b int . 1968 aunt honey' 1968 house in the latter year - 131b day aunt honey , now 70 , sit in a chair in front of a small tv . we soon gather that she have " retire " and be at the end of she colorful life . James have bring teddy to meet aunt honey for the first time . 110 teddy extend he hand toward aunt honey . aunt honey shake he hand and then bring he in close for a embrace . 132-134 omitted 132-134 135 int . jame brown production . jame brown' office . night 135 James be stand in he office bathroom smoking a joint . he light it and have four or five epic pull as he scan the wall admire he frame accolade and gold record . end ghetto reality : 135aa int . jame brown production . next morning . 135 aa James Brown enter he recording booth to find teddy at the control . gertie sit in a chair behind teddy . jame you the man , teddy Brown ? teddy I be the man , Mr. Brown . James notice the band sit idle on the other side of the glass . jame gertie . the band ready ? gertrude they be ready Mr. Brown . jame brown do not look like it . James grab teddy . jame brown ( cont 'd ) come watch how poppa do not take no mess . he and teddy walk straight into the - 135a 135a int . jame brown production . studio . day . the band be there . 111 jame brown y'all act like y'all do not know what time it be . what you doin ' ? nothing happen . James look maceo in the eye . maceo approach . maceo I have be elect spokesman to speak on behalf of the band . jame spokesman ? elected ? maceo we ask to get pay on time . we have not be pay in week . we ask for schedule day off . every day off we get you make we rehearse .. we ask to get pay for recording but you include it in we salary . James turn to teddy . the two stare at each other . jame brown teddy , go on and wait outside . teddy yes , sir. teddy exit . jame fellas . I hear ya . I really do . and I appreciate the honesty . that can not be easy . no Sir . you get grievance . you get you own selve to think about . Hell , you be man . I dig it . pee wee I do not think you understand . James look to Bobby . maceo we know you owe the government back tax . you restaurant , radio station , recording studio , label , all different business , unaccount cash pass between they . ( more ) 112 maceo ( cont 'd ) it 's a mess , Mr. Brown and if you want we to be a part of it , we gonna need we cash too . right now . James look at they all for a very long time hide he shame . maceo ( cont 'd ) and most of all none of we ever want to be fine for anything ever again . James nod . study they . jame brown I will tell ya what I be gonna do . I be gonna think about it . that 's all . they look at each other and file out . waymon , pee wee , maceo , kush and Jimmy nolen file out . leave Bobby and James alone . silence . he look at the empty room . smiling . unable to show any pain . jame ( he shake he head . ) it 's like I always say Bobby . you gotta know who you be . you get to know where you be in this world . five minute ago , that boy be the best band on the planet . now they nothing . now they a bunch of sideme with they heart beatin ' fast . maceo comin ' in here talk about my tax . all I have do for this country and they comin ' after James Brown ? how you go keep everybody happy ? huh ? and stay on top ? you along for the ride while everything be groovy and now they go kick I when I be down ? people either on the bus or they off it . James cross to the door and open it for Bobby to exit jame brown ( he turn to Bobby . ) well go on . get out of here . y'might catch `em they go need a singer . Bobby rise and walk past James into the foyer . he turn . 113 bobby negro , what make you think I be leave ? I be here all the time , Mr. Brown . I be still here . James look at Bobby . jame see that 's the thing about the funk . the funk do not quit . bobby last time I check . jame Cause if the funk go up 'ot quit that 's it . bobby that 's why the funk do not quit . jame be we do here Mr. byrd ? bobby I be afraid we be not Mr. Brown . jame be we do ? bobby I think we get more funk in the trunk . James laugh . jame that 's right . two musketeer . Bobby look at James . remember . beam . James beam back . then , James be all business . jame ( cont 'd ) what 's that kid from Cincinnati . the New dapp ... blackenizer ? who that kid play bass ? bobby ( smile ) bootsy . 114 135b int . olympia theatre 135b a pre-show theater in action with stagehand and riggers busy set up . the new kid be now all in suit and bow tie . catfish Fancy suit bro ' . bootsy backatcha slick . how you doin , Chicken ? chicken just shit my pants . bootsy easy now . do not forget . do not ever call he James or nothin' . he be not no - one but Mr. Brown . catfish chicken check. gotcha . James Brown walk in from the wing . they all stand straighter . he look at they . bootsy ( cont 'd ) good evening Mr. Brown . chicken catfish Mr. Brown . Mr. Brown . jame do that button up son . ( Chicken do ) you know Kansas City ? ( blank face ) you know cold sweat ? do you know please please ? bootsy can I stop you Mr. Brown . we be learn off yo ' record since we be nine year old . you already teach we the song . so with respect . we ready . Mr. Brown . jame they say they ready Mr. byrd . what you think ? 115 catfish we be wait for this moment we entire life , Mr. Brown . jame how old be you son ? catfish twenty . ( then ) Mr. Brown . jame cat know Super bad ? bootsy lay down a mammoth bass line on he plugge in bass . 135c 135c int . paris HOTEL room . late afternoon . the backup singer , yvonne , nude , carry two glass of champagne from a wet bar to a very sweaty James who be lie in bed . yvonne why will not you say it ? I say it . why will not you say it back ? jame baby , I gotta get to my show . I can not be playin ' around right now yvonne I love you . yvonne rest the cold glass on James ' stomach . he squirm . jame you know I do not drink . yvonne pour a little champagne onto James ' stomach . she then begin lick it with she tongue . yvonne say it , Mr. Brown . say you love I . in a flash James roll over and pin yvonne down on she back . she scream with delight . he whisper in she ear . jame happy now ? 116 she kiss he . yvonne I be pregnant . James stare back at she without expression . 135d flash forward - adult jame , immaculate , looking at US . 135d the skyline of paris be behind he . 1971 James walk along the outside of olympia theatre in Paris in full costume . jame now it 's true , we work hard . a man gotta work hard if he wanna break ground . and we break new ground everyday ... James enter the theatre front door . 135e int . olympia theatre . lobby . continuous . 135e James begin walk toward we . jame my record live at the Apollo be the first r&amp ; B album in the history of the world to go top ten . stay up in there for 66 week .. James walk into the rear of the pack house . girl and guy scream , dancing . jame be invisible to they . from the rear of the house , James watch himself and the band perform on stage . he and he band be in mid -groove . a beautiful black dancer dance on a riser behind the band . Vicki Anderson , sing backup . jame ( cont 'd ) that record come across . I mean it hit hard !!! uhn ! 135f int . olympia theatre . stage . continuous . 135 F James walk among he perform band member . he watch himself on stage at the microphone drive the crowd crazy . 117 jame and slowly , the whole World know who we be . James walk to each band member and place a twenty dollar bill in each of they pocket . they do not see the James who be talk directly to we . he straighten a band member tie . James turn to stage leave and see he son , teddy Brown , dance . he then give yvonne a wink who 's also stand in the wing look hot . jame ( cont 'd ) see in showbusiness , you get two part . you get the show and you get the business . and brother . ( deadly serious ) you better believe . you look at both . he spin around and run up to the microphone . he replace himself and begin to sing . scream . horn vamping . James perform out of he skin . a medley of three song , " soul power , " into " sex Machine , " into " Super bad " . backup dancer and singer be tear it up ! on James ' signal the rag tag band of kid behind the godfather of soul take off like a rocket ship into one of the above song . it sound nothing like the old version . its raw urgent , stripped down . the bootsy 's bass rumble like trouble brewing and catfish 's over drive guitar slice clean through the hook . before they a stand room crown dance and sing from the stage to all the way back to entrance James and Bobby look at each other . Holy shit . James drop into the split , flip up again . the crowd be see something for the first time on european soil . they erupt with joy and begin dance in they seat . CUT to : 136-138 omitted 136-138 118 139 139 int . olympia stage . same night . the crowd have leave . a custodian roam the isle pick up trash . James and Bobby sit on the edge of a empty stage , laugh . bobby you know what I think ? after we put out my next solo album , I bet I could play Paris or the Apollo . James tune in jame brown how 's that ? bobby I be just say when I and you put out my new record , I bet I could fill this place all myself . no problem . James stiffen at this comment . jame brown what the hell you talk about ? " fill this place all myself " ? " no problem ? " you sayin ' I be slippin ' ? bobby byrd no I do not think you slippin' . you James Brown . you be not never slippin ' . I be just ... jame brown people copy I , Mr. byrd . people gonna copy my move till the earth go dark . you understand ? you think people be gonna buy that record like they buy my record ? that what you sayin ' ? bobby no . jame brown who you be tellin' this too ? you be tell that to the Apollo ? Bobby get mad . bobby no , James ! I have not tell nobody but you . we be just talk . ( more ) 119 bobby ( cont 'd ) I think you be cool with that . you always be talk about ... about ... about ... standin ' on my own foot . jame brown Bobby , how you go stand on you own foot ? you just spend twenty year gettin ' fat on a man' dollar . I produce a record for you and now it 's go to you head . you go talk big behind my back . you go sneaking round , raise heat off another man 's name . we here , we do something and you make plan sucker ? Bobby get more upset . he 's use a tone with James we have never hear before . bobby ( shout ) I be not tell nobody or make any plan . we just talkin ' about it . now . that 's it . jame I be ashamed of you , Bobby . and you should be ashamed of you . now you tryin ' to run around with Vicki . do not jive yourself bro ' . now , Vicki , she could fill this place . bobby well , Vicki be not yours . so , Vicki and I be not none of you damn business . James smile . jame but she 's be my business before . Bobby walk up close to James and stare he in the eye . he ball he fist . bobby I can not do this no more , James . jame brown damn right you can not do this no more . 120 bobby I say I can not do this no more . James look absolutely poleax . then . he laugh . and look at Bobby , almost affectionately . jame brown see , the funny part . you say that like it 's a big thing . like " oh my God , Bobby byrd go leave James Brown on he own . " Bobby fight to control himself . to find anything leave to give . bobby I be not leave you on you own , Mr. Brown . you already on you own . always be . he shake he head and walk across the stage . he turn . bobby ( cont 'd ) be that God too ? Bobby turn and leave James alone . 140 140 int . olympia . night . 1970 Bobby walk across the big empty stage and for a split second look right at we . he continue past we and away . crossfade to : 141 141 int . apollo corridor / dressing room . flashback - corridor in 1962 . the night of live at the Apollo . music : wonder when you be come Home play over : a woman in a flower print dress and a cheap hat sit on a bench with a coat over she arm . a young Bobby come out of the dress room . she stand . 142 142 int . apollo dressing room . night . boom ! a flashbulb go off . 121 James sit next to he mother , on a couch , smiling happily , have the moment document . she be smile too . Bobby and other guest in the room watch the photographer . the photographer be ushere out of the room by Bobby byrd . jame Bobby ? get everybody out of here and wait outside . Bobby usher the guest outside . James sit opposite he mother . she be very , very uncomfortable but try to appear relaxed . susie I be on the Subway last week , and the two kid next to I be argue who be the best , James Brown or Little willy John . and this one boy , he be say " James Brown the best " " there be not no one better than James Brown " , he get so mad I think he be gonna whup this other boy . and then - James hold up he hand . she fall silent . jame why tonight ? ( she stop , she face fall . ) why you come here ? she start to flap . susie well . sugar , I live over in Brooklyn ... and you my baby and you here playin ' the Apollo . jame I do not want you to feel proud . I be not you sugar . I be not you baby . not then . not now . and I do not want you to tell anyone you my momma , because you and I know that be not true . susie you daddy beat I . beat you . I stay because I love you . I do not know nothin ' about be a wife . nothin ' about be a mother . I do the best I could . I do that . ( more ) 122 susie ( cont 'd ) I leave because I love you . I be not have nothing to make no other choice . I be shame . I be . he hold up he hand . jame see I think about this . I know it be not personal and that 's why this be not neither . it turn out fine . I do not need you . I look after James Brown . make sure he be ok . no - one else . no - one help I . she start to cry . susie I never want to be a momma . but I carry you , boy . I do not know nothin ' about be a wife or be a momma . but I carry you and I love you when you be in I . I choose you . I choose you . jame do not cry . do not cry . do not cry . he stiffly offer she a handkerchief . jame ( cont 'd ) clean yourself up . that 's it . James soften . jame ( cont 'd ) I be James Brown . and James Brown do not need nothing . do not need no - body . susie look back a James . she do not move . jame ( cont 'd ) why be you really here ? what do you want ? she shake she head , search he face . James look back unmove . James reach in be pocket and pull out some money . he hand it to she . jame ( cont 'd ) here . that 's a hundred dollar . I be sorry but I be gonna ask you to leave now . 123 he sit perfectly still as she get up . she walk to the door and turn to James . susie you be so beautiful . you be so pretty . susie exit into the party outside and shut the door . 143 ext . cabin - barnwell s.c. 1941 . jame 8 yrs 143 we return to the day that susie leave . we stay on she face as she leave she family behind . tear stream down she cheek . James try to chase after he mother but Joe restrain he . Joe pull a pistol from he belt . he fire . bark explode from a tree a few foot from where susie be walk . susie flinch but never turn . 144 144 int . corridor . Bobby wait . the door open , and susie come out , tear in she eye . she look wildly into Bobby 's face who have clearly hear everything . she run off down the corridor . Bobby look through the open door . devastate , James sit stare at the floor . he look up at Bobby . jame tell pop to make sure she 's take care of . whatever she need . as Bobby nod , James get up , walk over to the door , and slowly close it . 145 int . jame brown' home . 1988 . 18 year later . 145 jame 55 yrs close on - numerous frame picture of teddy span all age of he life now fill the top of James ' dresser . we widen to find James Brown sit very alone in he bedroom stare at the picture of he son . he wear a bathrobe . his hair be up in roller . he 's twitchy and sweat . 124 he raise a glass pipe to he mouth , lite the pcp within and inhale it . 146 146 ext . country road . later that day . 1988 a peaceful road . suddenly - a pickup truck pass at a hundred mph . followed .. a moment later - by nine cop car . a cop car pull up next to James ' truck . James look to the car . slow motion sequence : in the front a cop drive but James ' father , Joe , ride in the back next to he mother , susie . they stare blankly at James . Glass shatter in the truck . slow motion end . James turn back to the cop car next to he . the vision of he parent be go . two cop ride together . the cop in the front seat aim he revolver directly at James . it 's clear he intend to kill he . James speed up as the cop fire . the bullet strike the truck just behind he . 147 147 ext . gravel pitt . 1988 . day . the pickup truck roll to a stop . Police car from different jurisdiction take up position block exit route . 148 148 int . / ext . pickup truck / gravel pitt . day . James sit stare straight ahead . breathe hard . jame I be ok . I be ok . I be ok . loud hailer exit the vehicle with you hand above you head . do not run . do not attempt to start the vehicle . James open the door scatter glass onto the tarmac . 125 around the perimeter armed police tense . keeping James in they sight . only now , young jame stand in place of he adult self . he stand next to the bullet riddled wreckage of he pickup , hand above he head . he lean back and sing to the sky . young jame " I do not feel noways tire " 149 149 int . prison wing . day . 1988 a warden walk a dishevel James along the corridor . they stop . the cell door buzze open . they put he in the cell . 150 150 int . cell . day . the door slide close . clank . James lean on the tiny sink . he look up into the mirror and face what 's he 's become . his face be bloat , he eye wild , hair unkempt . we feel James want to turn to we but shame will not allow it . 151 151 flashback - int . ST . stephen church . day . 1952 bobby , nafloyd , baby roy sarah and jame sing righteous gospel that first time together in St. stephen Church . James be really give it up sing send it on down . his voice soar sweetly over the congregation . mrs . byrd and grandpa watch on . Mrs. byrd lean forward and catch Bobby 's eye . give a small nod of approval for James . Bobby look to James . they catch eye . in awe of James ' talent , Bobby unconsciously , stop sing . he just stand they watch and listen to he friend . 152 end flashback - back at the mirror 152 James pull back from the mirror and splashes some water on he face and begin to press he hair down with he hand . he breathes harder and harder as he assess he life . he stand straight and proud . still look in the mirror , he begin to chant quietly to himself . jame James Brown , James Brown . James Brown , James brown . 126 153 ext . suburban STREET . atlanta . morning . 1993 jame 60 yrs 153 a pool clean truck pull up outside a suburban home . a thirty something white guy get out with a satchel . he ring on the door . Bobby byrd , age sixty , come out of he house in a robe and slipper . pool cleaner Morning Mr. byrd . come to open up the pool . bobby get a real alga problem . pool cleaner I will take a look . bobby sure . you need anything , I be inside . as the Pool cleaner walk around to the back yard , Bobby walk towards the pool clean truck park on the street . 153a ext . STREET . behind truck . moment later . 153a Bobby pull out a pack of cigarettes from he pocket as he walk behind the truck . he pull out a smoke and light up . Bobby soon notice a limo park on the other side of the street . he stare at it for a while . the door open . James Browns get out of the limo and wave . Bobby watch as James approach . he 's clean and sober in a suit look sharp . James ' appearance and presence throw Bobby . bobby Mr. Brown . they shake hand . jame what you do out here in you robe , Mr. byrd ? 127 bobby what ? oh. see , I snuck out for a smoke . I s'pose to quit . Vicki do not know . he laugh . they both do . jame well I be not go tell . they laugh a little . when they stop , there 's a long lull . jame ( cont 'd ) well I be just pass . play a show tonight at the omni. bobby right . jame say . maybe you and Vicki could come along . we get a great new horn section . tight . we get there . bobby we get plan tonight . Vicki get family come over . jame well you think about it . see what Vicki say . Bobby laugh . rumbled . bobby yeah . she still in charge . they both chuckle at this . a nod of understanding . but then : bobby ( cont 'd ) you look well .. man . I be not see you since - jame teddy 's funeral . Bobby pause , grow uncomfortable . Bobby throw he cigarette to the ground and stomp it out . bobby right . teddy 's funeral . damn . you look well . you shoulda call - 128 jame you know , Bobby , they still do not know what happen to teddy and that boy . that boy be not drinkin ' or doin ' drug . bobby I know , James . jame no sir . nothin ' like that . he be a good boy . the car just hit that bridge head on . we be not ever go know how or why . they say he do not feel a thing . Bobby nod . bobby that 's good , James . jame but we bring he back to augusta do not we ? get he home then send he on to the Lord . bobby we do , Mr. Brown . we do . James stand there , fixedly . the Pool cleaner come from around the truck , break the tension . pool cleaner ok . Mr. byrd . I fix you problem . I will be back in the spring to open she up . bobby I be much oblige . do I have to - pool cleaner no no . we will send the bill on . well that 's that . good day gentlemen . he get in he truck and pull away leave Bobby and James stand in a awkward silence . jame look at that . we get white folk clean we pool . come a long way huh , Mr. byrd ? bobby yeah . we come a long way . 129 suddenly this be awkward . for both of they . Bobby defuse it : jame you still makin ' the step , Mr. byrd ? bobby here and there . jame you hurtin ' a little in the hip ? bobby a little . you ? jame not I . I just get stronger ever day . gettin ' better every day . James pull out two concert ticket from he jacket and hand they to Bobby . jame ( cont 'd ) maybe you and Vicki get some friend who could come tonight . good seat , too . James turn sharply and walk back to the limo . he sing to himself . jame ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) oh , Mary do not you weep ... Bobby listen . and remember . jame ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) tell martha not to moan. he stop and turn to Bobby . jame ( cont 'd ) what 's the next line ? Bobby look at James . bobby I can not seem to recall . be a long time ago . James nod . after a moment Bobby nod . 130 bobby ( cont 'd ) see you around Mr. Brown . Bobby turn . James watch as he walk back to he house . jame see you around Mr. byrd . James walk towards he limo . sfx : audience noise , cheer , whistle , clap . louder . louder . 154 154 int . dressing room . 1993 . night . show time . James sit in front of the mirror , put on greasepaint with the assistance of a make - up artist . a much older gertrude come in . jame brown how we doin , gertrude ? gertrude to the rafter Mr. Brown . to rafter . jame brown that 's good . you two gimme a minute here . gertrude and the make - up artist look at each other . they leave he . alone , he look around the dress room . at the wall . the ceiling fan . finally at he reflection . he hold he own gaze . we push in , as he fight it . and fight it . slowly , inevitably the sound from the auditorium grow . thousands of people shouting he name : " jame brown jame brown , jame brown , jame brown . " . 155 155 flashback - int . jail cell. 1949 . day . jame aged sixteen , sit alone , stare at the wall . incanting he name , quietly . intently . jame ( quietly ) jame brown jame brown , jame brown , jame brown ... 131 156 156 int . auditorium . the crowd be go wild . crowd jame brown jame brown , jame brown , jame brown . 157 157 ext . church / dirt road . day . 1941 . Young James , 8 , walk through the forest alone , holler he name . young jame jame brown jame brown , jame brown , jame brown . 158 158 int . auditorium - everyone chanting crowd jame brown jame brown , jame brown , jame brown . 159 159 ext . barren path . day . 1942 . young jame , nine , batter , bruise and shirtless walk toward we with the number " one " paint on he chest . he say he name to himself over and over . young jame ( quietly ) jame brown jame brown , jame brown , jame brown . we soon realize this be the same path where he discover the body of the lynched young man . 160 160 int . auditorium - everyone chanting . we see Bobby and Vicki in the crowd . slowly Bobby begin to whisper .. bobby byrd ( to himself ) James Brown . James Brown ... crowd jame brown jame brown , jame brown , jame brown . 132 161 161 ext . river . day . 1942 . bloodie 9 year old James begin walk by the side of a river . young jame ( quietly ) jame brown jame brown , jame brown , jame brown . 162 162 int . dressing room . slowly James stand , button he jacket and open the dress room door . jame James Brown . James Brown . James Brown . 163 int . backstage corridor . 163 James march out of the room into the corridor .. crowd jame brown jame brown , jame brown , jame brown . ... two assistant fall into step and we follow on he shoulder as he strut he way past the dress room , to the wing , where the band stand . 164 164 int . stage wing . alone , jame close he eye . bow he head . announcer V / o ... the hardest work man in show business , Mr. dynamite ... 165 ext . river . day . 165 over announcer 's introduction we watch Young James reach the river 's edge , announcer V / o Mr. please , please himself .. his head and body proud , overlook the mighty river . 133 danny ray V / o .. lady and gentleman its showtime ... the one and only jaaaaaames brown !!! young jame , eye close say he name over and over . young jame jame brown jame brown , jame brown , jame brown . young jame suddenly open he swollen eye and look right at we . young jame ( cont 'd ) I pay the cost to be the boss . James lean back , widen he arm and look to the sky . 166 166 int . the stage . James step forward and stride across the stage to the mic stand . crowd jame brown jame brown , jame brown , jame brown . he look out over the crowd . then ... he begin to sing a capella . he stare right we . jame try I . try I . darlin tell I . I need you . try I . try I . and you love will always be true the crowd go silent . all we hear be Mr. Brown 's soulful voice . jame ( cont 'd ) oh I need you ( I need you ) hold I . hold I . I want you right here by my side . hold I . hold I . and you love we will not hide slowly Bobby smile . tear in he eye . the end .