get he to the greek by Nicholas stoller base on a character create by Jason segel October 1 , 2008 first revision wgaw blackness sfx : clapping ext . ucla lawn - day aaron greenberg ( early 20 ) be walk across the stage get he diploma . he could not be more excited . if you could bottle enthusiasm , generosity of spirit and a touch of naivety , you would get this young gentleman . he get he diploma , hug the president of the university hard , and wave to the crowd who cheer he on . he throw kiss towards someone in particular . angle on he pretty , artsy girlfriend , daphne bink ( early 20 ) , also in a cap and gown , and she parent , mr. and mrs . bink . she smile , wave and throw kiss back . int . aldous' giant modern apartment - night we hear the voice of aldous snow ( 30 ) , English rock star , drugge out of he mind , in he empty apartment . floor to ceiling window look out on beautiful view of the Thames and the London cityscape . we pan past a leather couch , a pile of trash , a Andy Warhol on the floor , various drug paraphernalia . aldous ( 0.s. ) you enjoy this ? prostitute ( 0.s. ) you know I be , love . reveal aldous on the floor kissing a prostitute - like woman . aldous how about this ? suddenly aldous be pee on the prostitute . prostitute I like that alright ... what the bloody shit ? aldous how about this ? aldous throws up on the prostitute and collapse . prostitute you piece of shit ! * * the prostitute kick aldous . aldous laugh as she leave . aldous ( with a odd flourish ) you be welcome , milady ! he light a cigarette , grab the remote and flip on the tv . int . saturn dealership - day we zoom in on Aaron get the key to a brand new saturn vue . he 's with daphne . they hug and kiss . ext . horse and carriage pub - night a crazily drunk aldous get tossed out of the pub 's plate glass window . a big irish guy come out . irish guy you best not be come back here . I do not care how famous you be . aldous we should have kill all you irish when we have the chance . the irish guy grab aldous . aldous lick the irish guy 's face . the irish guy drop he , disgust . aldous ( cont 'd ) make love to I my irish lass ! ext . downtown los angele artist 's loft build - day Aaron and daphne be in a rather grungy area of downtown LA . they walk through a protective cage into a newly renovate building that be advertising '' Real artist 's loft . '' int . artist loft apartment - day Aaron and daphne walk with a realtor around the loft space . there 's a studio with a potter 's wheel . daphne 's clearly in heaven . aaron we will rent it . daphne be you sure you can afford it ? aaron definitely ! daphne jump up and down , hug Aaron and head off to explore the loft . Aaron look very , very nervous . int . aldous snow 's live room - day aldous and a courtney love -esque girlfriend . rocker girlfriend you fucked I over you piece of shit !!! aldous I ’m not the one who fucked you over !!! you 're the one who fucked I over !!! rocker girlfriend fuck you you fuck fuck fuck !!! aldous then get out of here already you fucking bloody hell bitch ! aldous grab she . she punch he in the face . he punch she in the chest , and then they get into a crazy fist fight like a couple burly man . in a crazy almost karate like move , she kick he foot out from under he . he crash through a glass coffee table . she leave the room . ext . aldous 's ultra luxury apartment build - day his door fly open . it 's the middle of the day in the center of London . it 's very , very busy . she 's walk across the lawn . aldous don 't go !!! I love you !!! don 's T go !!! please !!!! a young tween girl and she friend see aldous . tween girl it 's aldous snow ! they start take photo with they camera phone . aldous flip they off . aldous fuck off you cunt ! he head back into he house . tween girl aldous snow just call we cunt ! second tween girl that be brilliant ! ext . aaron and daphneas loft apartment daphne 's parent , mr. and mrs . bink be outside the protective cage . they hit the buzzer . a large group of homeless people walk by . mr . bink where the hell be we , Kabul ? they hit the buzzer again . daphne ( 0.s. ) Mom , dad , come on up ! int . aaron and daphneas loft apartment - night Aaron serve dinner to daphne and daphneas parent . aaron more italian tofu and chianti pasta ? mr . bink / mrs . bink no . thank you . / could not possibly . Aaron sit down . mrs . bink so , Aaron , when do you job at pinnacle start ? aaron Monday , actually . mrs . bink well , that be exciting . aaron thanks , Mrs. bink . it be thrill . mr. bink I do not get it . you get a college degree . why would you work as someone 's secretary ? aaron intern , not a secretary . mr . bink intern ? like monica lewinsky ? you gonna be take out any dry clean ? I be just kid . aaron if you want to get into the music biz you start as a intern . mr . bink whatever . so how 's you art and craft go ? daphne you do not have to be so dismissive of it , dad . aaron you should see the sculpture she 's do . she 's get some great project up she sleeve . we see that daphne 's touch by Aaron stand up for she . mr . bink I be just worried that a creative and a intern live together -- who 's the support beam ? judge by this neighborhood you be barely hold on as be . aaron first of all , this place be not cheap . downtown 's come back . mr . bink from what ? armageddon ? aaron I do not make much but I make enough for the two of we . a * % mr. bink what happen when you lose you job because the music industry be downsizing because no one busy record anymore ? aaron I guess I 'il just have to resort to my previous work -- male escort . daphne snicker . her parent do not . daphne Mom , you want to take a tour of the building ? int . aaron and daphneas loft apartment Aaron 's awkwardly sit in silence with daphne 's dad in the live room . aaron how 's the corporate law this day ? mr . bink it 's a job . Aaron , I just want to say something to you . I can see how much you care for my daughter . aaron I do , sir . very much . honestly , and I know , I be young , but I hope to one day marry she . mr . bink do not call I sir . aaron I call you sir ? mr. bink yeah . aaron I do not even notice . mr . bink well , you do . aaron I be ... sorry ? mr. bink I just want to tell you that I think you two be make a terrible mistake move in together . aaron what ? why ? mr . bink you two be not ready at all . aaron yeah we be . mr . bink no you be not . aaron I believe we be . mr . bink I believe you be not . aaron I love she . mr . bink no you do not . aaron yes I do . mr . bink no you do not . aaron I do . I do love she too . mr . bink you just do not . aaron yes , I do . we be perfect for each other . I mean , we have never even have a fight . that 's how awesome we be together . I know my feeling and they be of love . mr . bink you do not and they be not . you be not right for she . she 's a flighty girl . she need someone more ground . + eh aaron she 's a amazing sculptor . it just take a while to break into the art world . ( clearly repeat froma speech daphne have say ) you have to apprentice first and even just to get the apprenticeship can take year but art be not about money , it 's about -- mr . bink I be not go to debate my daughter 's future with you . she 's a cute girl who need to land a rich husband before she pop out a few grand kid and end up teach art in a elementary school . aaron I think she 's talented . mr . bink the world have too much talent and not enough customer . here 's the deal : quit play house like a little girl . you be in the music biz . go out , party like a rock star , experiment with drug , go apeshit crazy so you do not end up do it later in life . move in with a couple best male friend and live it up . now 's the time . aaron I already live with my best friend . daphne 's my best friend . mr . bink no , she be not . daphne and she mom return to the apartment . mrs . bink well that be fun . I love you neighborhood . it 's so ... urban . we should go before it get any darker . int . aaron and daphneas loft apartment Aaron and daphne be clean up the meal . daphne what if my dad 's right ? what if I have no talent ? aaron first of all , he say you have talent . he just say there 's not enough customer . which there be , by the way . forget I mention it . daphne maybe this be all just shit shit shit and shit . I just want to break it all and start over again . aaron be you kid ? this be so super pretty . reveal they be discuss a sculpture of a bloody , scream woman hold a bloody , scream baby . it 's more terrifying than pretty . she definitely have talent , a dark weird talent . aaron ( cont 'd ) do you use glaze ? daphne yeah . he 's right . my career 's go nowhere . I suck . aaron let 's make a game plan . Rent a gallery downtown . advertise the show in LA weekly . maybe do some guerrilla marketing stuff . we will just get this do . Aaron 's relentless positivity be start to grate . daphne the point be not the show , Aaron . it 's not that easy . try to do something creative be just different than what you do . it 's not a linear process . no offense . ( then ) I be sorry . I know I be be difficult and a bitch about all this stuff . aaron you be not be a bitch . 10. daphne I be be a bitch . you can be mad at I . aaron I be not mad at you . daphne I love that you be nice . you be the first nice guy I have ever date and I love that about you . but when I be be a bitch and you do not say I be be a bitch you be keep a part of yourself close off from I . feel free to be honest and tell I when you be annoyed at I . aaron I be be totally honest . that 's what I love about we . I can always be honest . you could not ever annoy I . you be too perfect . daphne smile at this . aaron ( cont 'd ) and as for get you career off the ground , just make a list of what need do . that 's how I get stuff do . daphne take a deep breath . daphne cool . I will try that . I / x11 just make a list . daphne leave the room . Aaron smile after she . int . aaron and daphneas loft apartment - morning Aaron and daphne be asleep . the radio alarm go off . it 's six be . Aaron sit up and smile . music cue : talk head '' Love - Building on Fire . '' morning montage of aaron getting ready to go to work -- Aaron 's sing to talk head in the shower . -- Aaron flip on the coffee . * 11 . -- daphne lay out Aaron 's clothes on the bed . Aaron put on he clothes and look at they in the mirror . she give hima thumb up . -- Aaron peruse the LA Times , variety , billboard , and several other music magazine . -- Aaron drive to work , still sing to talk head . montage end . int . pinnacle entertainment garage - day Aaron pull he car into the valet station at pinnacle . valet you here for a meeting ? aaron I be here to start work . I be the new intern . valet then you have to park on the street . music cue : talk head again -- Aaron look for parking -- tries to park in a tiny space . -- Aaron read the parking sign and realize he have to move . int . pinnacle entertainment garage — day Aaron pull back in , big smile on he face . aaron I again . could not find parking . valet then it 's a $ 1.50 every twenty minute . int . pinnacle entertainment lobby - day Aaron walk into pinnacle . marble , glass , brightly light atrium . it 's gorgeous . a row of clock los angele new york london moscow tokyo line the wall . 12 . receptionist May I help you ? aaron I be here to see sergio roma . and you be ... ? receptionist andrea laken ... aaron whatcha drink , andrea ? receptionist caramel latte ... who be you ? aaron well , andrea , I be Aaron greenberg , you future intern . receptionist how adorable . intern do not meet with the head of the company . the receptionist look on she computer . receptionist ( cont ’d ) and you have be assign to classical . Three floor down . enjoy . Aaron look past the receptionist at sergio 's door open and he assistant walk out . int . classical music department - day Aaron sit before the gray - haire vice president of the classical music department . classical music vp so , Mr. greenberg , who 's you favorite composer ? aaron I love amadeus . so passionate . classical music vp box that lps . he point to a disorderly pile of lps and leave the room . CUT to one hour later . Aaron be finish box they . he look out . % +e hf % 13 . the classical Music vp be look at porn on he computer . Aaron walk out past he . he stop at the coffee machine and pour two cup of coffee . int . pinnacle entertainment lobby he see the receptionist . aaron sup , andrea . he walk past she . receptionist where be you go ? aaron roma want he latte . I know . you would think he could get it himself . oh , and here 's a caramel latte for you . get a extra one . whatcha gonna do ? Aaron put a caramel latte on she desk . andrea smile , despite herself as Aaron head straight into sergio 's office . int . sergio roma 's office - day Aaron walk in . sergio roma , the charismatic terrifying president of pinnacle , be on the phone . he never yell . yelling be beneath he . sergio I be not the who get fuck . I be the one who do the fuck . you see what I be say ? ciao . he hang up . sergio ( cont 'd ) what be this ? who be you ? aaron sergio , what be up ? Aaron hold out he hand . sergio look at it for a uncomfortably long amount of time . aaron ( cont 'd ) I be Aaron greenberg , you new a&r guy . ( more ) * + fh fh HH ff % + eh * * 14 . aaron ( cont 'd ) I be vp over at Columbia record Vancouver . it be great to be here , lemme tell ya . sergio Columbia record Vancouver ? aaron yeah , we get a small outfit over there . nothing like this . sergio I do not remember hire you . aaron well , you be a busy guy -- sergio I remember everything . he hit a button . sergio ( cont 'd ) andrea , baby ! andrea poke her head in . sergio ( cont 'd ) do I hire this guy from Columbia record Vancouver ? Aaron smile at she with all he might . she can not believe he 's lie . receptionist yeah . but it be a while ago . sergio alright , baby . go now , go . she leave . sergio ( cont 'd ) take Aaron . I always like to chat with my new guy before they start up here . who 's you idol ? like , who do you hope to be in thirty year . aaron David geffen . he 's the king . I hope to be he in every way , except , not , you know ... * * + eh 15 . sergio not what ? aaron lifestyle wise . sergio what be that ? lifestyle like how ? aaron like I be not gay . sergio I be . aaron that 's crazy . I be actually gay as well . sergio you just say you be not . aaron I know , I just do not know how you have respond or whatever . it 's so nice to be work for a fellow gay guy . be you out because I have read almost everything about you -- sergio do not you worry about that . how long have you know you be gay ? aaron I realize when I be ten or thirteen . I would play sport with the guy and I realize I do not just want to play sport with they . I want to kiss they on the mouth . sergio oh , yeah . I remember that . so be you in a relationship now ? aaron not anyone specifically . i’11 make out with four stranger in a night . ( more ) 16 . aaron ( cont 'd ) like last night I be at this gay bar and I have sex with this guy who look exactly like Ryan gosl , probably be he if you know what I mean , and , well , I 'il probably never see he again . how about you ? what bar do you frequent ? sergio I have be with the same man for two decade . aaron honestly , last night , I think I find the dude I be go to spend the rest of my life with . look exactly like Ryan seacrest but like more tone . sergio do it look like I give a fuck ? aaron honestly no . ( then ) look , Columbia Vancouver be chump change . I have come to play in the big league . I have get connect at the whiskey Lounge , spaceland , the smell , et cetera . I will do anything to prove my worth to you . anything , serge . quick chore montage -- Aaron wash sergio 's car . -- Aaron shine sergio 's shoe and pick up he dry clean . -- Aaron pick up sergio 's food and then literally cut he steak into bite size chunks . -- a very upset sergio hand he a box . Aaron open it . Inside be a dead cat . sergio hand Aaron a note . CUT to Aaron drop the cat corpse off at a lab call genetic saving and clone . -- Aaron appear in the doorway hold a tray of cookie . aaron anyone up for a homemade cookie ? ( do the voice of the cookie ) ( more ) +e * hf + HH hhh HH * + eh 17 . aaron ( cont 'd ) C ’mon , Mr. roma . I know you want * to eat I . * sergio * * get the fuck out of here . but leave the cookie . * aaron * ( still do the voice of * the cookie ) * ok . * Aaron leave the cookie . sergio take a bite of cookie . * sergio * ( to himself ) * that 's a good fuck cookie . * int . pinnacle entertainment garage Aaron drive out of the garage . the parking attendant take he parking ticket . parking attendant that will be $ 58.50 . int . aaron and daphne 's apartment - night Aaron walk in . daphne watch grey 's anatomy with several girlfriend who wave at Aaron . * aaron you start grey 's without I !? Aaron make a pouty face . daphne we could not wait ! int . aaron and daphne 's apartment - later Aaron and the girl all watch grey 's together . aaron I just do not think mcdreamy be as cool as people think . he 's hot but he 's not like a great guy . daphneas friend yeah , he be . he just do not know what he want . 18 . aaron see , I disagree with that . he 's really selfish ; it 's just disguise as not know what he want . I be sorry , I be just not on the mcdreamy train . now , Dr. o'malley . hello ! all the girl and Aaron laugh . there be a couple cracker crumb on the table . Aaron grab the dustbuster and vacuum they up . int . aaron and daphne 's bedroom - night Aaron get into bed next to daphne who 's read cosmo . daphne check this out . it say that the number one sex secret for man be lick he butt . be not that hilarious ? aaron totally . they both laugh . daphne you would not ever want I to do that ? aaron ( laugh awkwardly ) no . of course not . daphne I do not think so . just kid anyway . they laugh some more . awkward pause . then Aaron kiss daphne . aaron good night . Aaron flip off he light and turn over . he kind of want it and she kind of want to do it . int . aldous 's giant modern apartment aldous 's in a drug induce stupor watch television . he flip through the channel . 19 . reporter the sunni triangle be report more casualty --/ World stock price take a dip this morning --/ pakistani official would not respond -- sassy tabloid tv reporter -- Jackie q , equally famous for she one hit wonder '' pound I in the buttock '' -- Jackie q , a slutty fergie style singer , dance to a song call '' pound I in the buttock . '' aldous be rise from he stupor and pay attention to this news story . jackie q pound I in the buttock ! pound I right now ! you gotta pound I in the buttock ! pound I with a pow ! sassy tabloid tv reporter -- as for she string of man have recently call the dating scene quit , get engage to Microsoft billionaire Paul Allen . jackie q I do not think of he as the 7th richest person in the world . I think of he as a soul mate . when we spend time on he 30 room yacht there 's only one room we need , you feel I ? we be so in love ! it 's right brilliant ! aldous look shocked . sassy tabloid tv reporter briefly engage to troubled british rocker aldous snow who unconfirm source say fathere she child , naple , this be a romantic end to a trouble past . Shots of Jackie q , aldous and a toddler with very long hair . sassy tabloid tv reporter ( cont ’d ) aldous 's father , Jonathan snow , in a unauthorize biography about he son title '' he 's snow angel '' say that it be he son 's relationship with Jackie q that knock he off the wagon . +e hhh hhh oh * + eh * 20 . video of aldous' father , jonathan snow : jonathan snow I wish my son all the best . paparazzi be it true you two be no longer in touch ? jonathan snow he 's always in my heart . back to the anchors : sassy tabloid tv anchor aldous snow ? where 's that guy be ? sassy tabloid tv reporter probably dead in a pool of he own sick . they both laugh . aldous stare in disbelief . int . pinnacle entertainment - day sergio 's in he office . the receptionist walk in . receptionist it 's aldous snow on line two . sergio aldous snow ? if this be one of that prank show I will destroy you . receptionist no . it 's not . it 's really he . sergio take a deep breath and grab the phone . split screen . aldous be shirtless in bed . he look like death warm over . however , he have put on a super fake super happy positive voice . sergio ( on the phone ) aldous , what 's up , baby ? aldous top notch . + eh % 21 . sergio sorry to hear about Jackie q. I know Paul Allen . if it 's any consolation , he 's a real weirdo . aldous oh , please . I wish she all the best . she have a kind , old soul . sergio I do not want to push you , baby . but I think it might be time for you get back out there , put that sexiness of yours back on stage . aldous I be ready to perform . sergio seriously ? aldous I want to perform . at the Greek theater . in Los Angeles . be a dear and throw that together for I , will you ? sergio course , baby . it be do yesterday . sergio pump he fist . on aldous 's side , a trampy girl come up from under the cover . aldous ( cover the phone , to the girl ) do it seem like I be do down there ? she go back below the cover . int . sergio 's office - moment later sergio meet with pinnacle 's lawyer . sergio a show at the Greek will net we a couple mile . but down the line , this kickstart a tour and suddenly we be swim in cash . his last tour , snow Ball 2004 , gross a hundred thirty eight mile . ( more ) +e HH oh * 22 . sergio ( cont 'd ) aldous 's 's first tour in three year - - the merchandise alone be worth hundred of million . pinnacle lawyer the question be whether he 'il show . he have not perform in three year . he do not show at he last eight performance . we end up hold the bag if he bail . sergio Fucking snotnose teenager be steal all we shit online . any fuck nut can record some shit poor album on he imac . we be rack up debt like a crack whore in Vegas . we need snow shaking he ass on the Greek stage if you want to have a job next year . I do not give a fuck if this place implode . I get villas in Rio , tahiti , Madrid , goa and who know where else . I do not ever remember all of they . but you want to have cash for you kid fancy pussy private school ? then we need to make this happen . pinnacle lawyer the insurance company will bond he if you send a rep to accompany he to LA . how have he sound on the phone ? sergio good actually . different even . the pinnacle lawyer get up . at the door , he turn . pinnacle lawyer I get a '' ex '' drug addict as a brother in law . he always seem different . till he 's get a knife at you throat and you kid 's nintendo Wii in he jetta . int . sergio 's office - later sergio and several other executive be watch a youtube clip of aldous on sergio 's computer . he 's on a stage in some outdoor festival . hhh hhh hhh HH HH HH 23 . aldous ( on video ) you all want to see something fantastic ? the crowd cheer . aldous punch himself in the head over and over again , turn he head into a bloody mess . we then CUT back to the executive . executive there 's no way this could get any worse . suddenly all three of they turn away from the screen . we do not see what it happen . executive aw !/ that do not just happen ! / Jesus fuck Christ ! executive no thanks . second executive I have a family , sergio . this guy could literally murder I . sergio you be a bunch of pussy . executive he 's want in sardinia for attempt manslaughter . or at least that 's what I read on gawker . aaron I will do it . reveal Aaron stand at the doorway . int . sergio 's office sergio sit across from Aaron who 's pitching he heart out . aaron sergio , listen , my man . I have do this shit before . I be you guy . up in vancouv , I be like the go to talent concierge dude . I can get anyone anywhere anything . sergio can you get I a beemer 7 series ? eee % 24 . aaron yeah . sergio fully load ? aaron what ? sure ... why ? sergio you think I want a fuck car salesman deal with a rock star ? aaron yeah , I think you do . beat . sergio smile at Aaron 's ball . sergio my girl have you plane ticket . I want he here safe and sound two day before the show . get he on the plane , get he in the car and get he to he suite at the four season . do not take a detour . if you so much as stop by the side of the road for a fuck burger I will personally see that you career in the music biz be over . aaron he 's a vegetarian . ( then ) I gotcha . sergio it take people year to get toa place like this . you be aware of that , right ? aaron I have be wait my whole life for this kind of opportunity . sergio you have any question about Mr. snow ? you sure you can handle he ? aaron yes . it 's my belief that everyone in they heart of heart be kind . sergio what a wonderful notion . well , let 's just say that around aldous snow 's kind heart be a eternal plane of dark evil shit . ( then ) this tour be potentially worth a hundred million dollar . you fuck this up , you owe I a hundred million dollar . understood ? aaron understood . Aaron leave the office , a huge smile on he face . int . aaron and daphneas apartment Aaron run in . daphne be read a magazine . aaron ( in a odd English accent ) guess who 's go to hang out with aldous snow , baby ? daphne what accent be that ? aaron English . int . aaron and daphne 's apartment - early morning full screen chyron : 48 hour until the greek 25 . the alarm go off . it read 6:00 am . Aaron 's already awake . music cue : talk head . -- Aaron jump out of bed . -- daphne help Aaron finish pack he suitcase . -- Aaron kiss daphne . ext . aaron and daphneas apartment a escalade limo 's park outside . Aaron walk out backpack . with he 26 . limo driver Aaron greenberg ? you need help with you luggage ? aaron no , I have get it . Aaron be about to get into the limo . aaron ( cont 'd ) actually , sure . Aaron hand the limo driver he backpack . the limo driver open the back of the escalade and put the backpack in it . int . limo - day Aaron 's in the backseat . the limo driver 's drive . there 's at least a acre of space between Aaron and the limo driver . Aaron 's in heaven . aaron so you must pick up lot of famous people ? limo driver sure . aaron cool . like who ? limo driver can not say . beat . aaron be this diet coke free ? limo driver they be all you . Aaron take a diet Coke . he then take a glass out of the cabinet and try to pour it into the glass so as to use all the limo accoutrement . they hit a pothole and he spill the diet Coke everywhere . he look at the driver who do not seem to have notice . he start to pour again and the driver stop short . he spill the rest of the Coke all over himself . he gingerly place the cup back into the cupholder . aaron you mind if I put the divider up ? 27 . limo driver there be no divider . aaron sweet . int . british airways - first CLASS —- later Aaron sit down in first class . he can not believe how nice it be . a flight attendant walk by . flight attendant would you like a mimosa or champagne , Mr. greenberg ? aaron I be actually on the clock , Veronica , but ... what the hell . you only live once . CUT to later on the flight . Aaron 's asleep while dress head to toe in the british Airways first class schwag with he television on I , robot . full screened title : london , UK . ext . aldous 's giant modern apartment Aaron stand outside , get he courage to hit the buzzer . he finally hit it . a dude open the door . aaron ( fake casual ) sup ? I be Aaron greenberg with pinnacle -- dude right-o. the dude walk into the building , Aaron follow . int . aldous 's giant modern apartment Aaron walk into the aldous 's apartment . aldous 's hang out with the a bunch of super cool , English guy . aaron ( same fake casual ' tude ) sup ? I be Aaron greenberg with pinnacle -- a % % + eh 28 . aldous right . you be mean to accompany I on my trip to LA . make sure I do not go all bonker . aaron it 's super lame , I know . a older sexy lady name lena walk up to Aaron . aldous put he arm around she like they be a couple . lena you better be good to my boy . keep he out of trouble . aldous this be my mother , lena . look gorgeous as always . aldous and lena kiss on the lip . lena do you and the boy want any tea ? rock guy yeah . / sure thing . / thanks Ms. snow . lena your of course with several extra lump . aldy 's always like he tea with several extra lump . aldous I like it sweet like my mum . lena you spoil I , dear . aldous not as much as you spoil I . no other woman on Earth have ever love I as much as you do . they kiss on the lip again . lena head out . aldous ( cont 'd ) ( to the rock guy ) so then what happen ? aldous hand Aaron he joint . Aaron , not want to seem uncool , take a toke . + eh % eh fh fh ff hhh fh * % 29 . rock guy so I be like so fuck , you know , I can hardly see straight and then this bird I be with be like all '' put I down , put I down '' and I do not even know I be carry she I be that high so I drop she on she ass . aldous then what happen ? rock guy cop bust in , look for my shit , could not find it , leave , and then we fuck . the guy all laugh . then out of the laughter , we here Aaron aaron be there . aldous ( zeroing in on he like a guide missile ) you have ? what happen ? aaron I just use to really do the junk like all the time . like everyday . rock guy and what happen ? aaron I use to smoke it . and eat it . I use to eat junk with a spoon . ( then ) the storey I could tell , man . aldous specifically . aaron one time I be on the road , teen tour , and I and my junk buddy -- we be like super into junk at the time . like you know that movie trainspotting ? they all nod . + HH HH % 4 fh fh ff fh HH HH +e * hf + h hk * 30 . aaron ( cont 'd ) we be like that . well we run out of junk so we steal a car , like a porsche style car , and we go down to mehico to buy more junk and the border guy say '' you guy get heroin in you car ! '' and I swear at that moment I become a man . aldous how have you respond ? when the border guard say that ? aaron '' no I do not have heroin in my car ! '' but we do . we have a lot of junk in the car . every one of we do . aldous that be something . aaron it be something . it be . Long awkward beat . lena and tea and chocolate hobnob be serve . ext . aldous snow 's london townhouse aldous and Aaron be accompany out the door by he mom . lena you have a safe trip , you hear ? aldous I love you , mum . we be always afraid to say what we really mean . I mean , this could very well be the last time I ever see you . I love you and I be not afraid to tell you that . aldous and lena hug . aldous start tear up . lena there , there . + h HH hf + hf hf % eh HH fh * * 31 . aldous ( cover ) there 's just too much love in this world . it 's overwhelming . lena what a sensitive lad . keep a eye on he , Aaron of Los Angeles . lena hug aldous and kiss he on the lip . she then hug Aaron and Aaron awkwardly and accidentally kiss lena on the lip . no one seem to notice . Aaron lean into the car . aaron heathrow , british Airways terminal . aldous not yet . we gotta stop by Captain knob 's first . if I be gonna perform , I need my bandmate . ext . captain knob 's house - day aldous and Aaron stand outside a country house . the door swing open revealing captain knob . captain knob what the fuck be you do here ? after a charge moment , they hug . captain knob ( cont ’d ) who be you ? aaron Aaron greenberg from pinnacle -- Captain knob 's incredibly hot wife , ABBY , appear behind he with two kid . ABBY oh , shit . aldous wave to she . aldous all clean up now , Abby . I promise . % * + HH + eh * 32. int . captain knob 's house Captain knob sit on the couch feed a baby with a bottle while two boy wrestle behind he . Abby put tea sandwich down before they . aldous you gotta come , man . do not make I beg . captain knob look . I would love to . and I be thankful , believe you I , I be . infant sorrow get I all this . the house , the wife 's clothes , the two bentley , my soccer field . pan to reveal that through he live room window be he own personal soccer field . captain knob ( cont ’d ) but my life be perfect now . I grow my own strawberry . I cook . I have start painting . pan to reveal a porny , nude portrait of Captain knob 's wife . captain knob ( cont 'd ) one moment please . ( to the wrestle boy ) wizard , jericho , resolve you difference elsewhere . the boy leave . captain knob ( cont ’d ) every one of my day be fill with such joy and meaning and familial love . and after one day on the road with this bloke , I 'il be lick coke out of some whore 's asshole . and then I x11 lose this , all of it . ( to the baby ) you ready for a burpie ? Captain knob burp he baby . int . english limo the limo Driver get into the front seat . Aaron start to sit in the front with the limo Driver . % + h hk +e hf ff hhh HH fh hhh * 33. aldous where be you go ? be not you go to sit back here with I ? I will be lonely without you . aaron oh , yeah . of course . int . english limo Aaron and aldous sit in the back seat . aldous Captain knob 's a good one . but that Abby 's get he all turn around . aaron totally . it 's like ... Aaron mime a pussy - whipping . aldous look at Aaron , size he up for the first time . aldous I be glad they send I someone who 's experience . with the control substance . aaron too often non drug addict people just do not understand , like at all . ( then ) so this will be you first performance in three year ? aldous I have be a little busy . put the finish touch on my new album . aaron you recording you new album ? aldous not yet at the recording stage . still conceptualization . but like in my brain , it 's like do , you know ? how long have you be work at pinnacle ? aaron just a few week . but I do a&r for a while -- + eh % 34 . aldous so you get a lady ? aaron yeah . aldous so , how long you have be with she ? aaron Three year . aldous you live with she ? aaron yeah . for a month now -- aldous have it be easy ? hard ? aaron it 's be terrific . we be kind of perfect for each other . I mean , we have never have a fight , you know ? aldous how lucky . I always find it difficult to live with lady . aaron well there be certainly challenge . aldous do you get along with she parent ? aaron her dad can be a challenge , but I think he respects I and what I be about . aldous if I listen to what my dad say , I would be all mess up in my head . aaron be you in touch with he this day ? I mean , you do not have to say -- aldous what 's you type ? like you perfect woman ? * % + eh * 35 . aaron my girlfriend . aldous besides she , like if it could not be she . like if she die or leave you or something . aaron like a doctor . I really think doctor be super cool . aldous look ? aaron well I guess blond and petite except for around here . aldous around she tit ? or include she tit ? aaron include they . but this be a really theoretical proposition -- aldous Parents marry or divorced ? aaron divorce . you sure be inquisitive . it 's like you be collect evidence ! aldous that 's a shame . who 's fault ? aaron everyone 's ! so , why perform now ? aldous this bird I love who life in LA , she just get engage , so I be gonna try to get she back and if she do not take I back I be gonna kill myself . Aaron laugh , think aldous be joke . aldous ( cont 'd ) funny , right ? my life , it 's humorous . I like you . do you like I ? aaron yeah , I like you . aldous you will not ever betray I ? aaron dude , I be like the most trustworthy guy ever . aldous I be not the rock star . you be . Aaron look out the window and smile . this be way easier than he think it would be . int . heathrow —- bathroom - day Aaron 's on he cell phone . split screen with sergio who run on a treadmill incredibly fast without sweat or even really breathe hard . aaron we be in line at heathrow and be about to get on the flight . he actually seem pretty together and cool . sergio ( 0.s. ) turn you back at you own peril . call I the millisecond you land . sergio hang up on Aaron . int . heathrow - security line - later aldous and Aaron be stand in line . Aaron be talk and smile while aldous be start to look a bit uneasy . aaron I can not believe I be only in London for like four hour . I so want to come back for like a real amount of time . it seem like a really neat city . aldous ( lean in and whisper ) shove this up you bum . * * 37 . aaron what ? why be you whisper , buddy ? you get a secret ? aldous be shove a balloon of heroin into Aaron 's hand . as Aaron and aldous have this exchange the line move they closer and closer to the scary look british security service . note : this whole fight be do in angry whisper . aldous ( whisper intensely ) I say shove this up you bum now . aaron what be that ...? aldous ( whisper intensely ) it 's heroin , what do you think it be ? aldous grab Aaron 's pants and start to try to shove the heroin down he pants . Aaron try to get away . the Security look over to see what the commotion be about . aldous ( cont 'd ) ( whisper intensely ) stop act all mental and let I shove this heroin up you ass already . I think you use to run heroin all the time . aaron ( whisper intensely back ) I do , it 's just be like eight year so I be not exactly ... aldous ( whisper intensely ) shove it up you ass or I throw a bloody fit and we be both send to Guantanamo to be assrape by bin Laden . they be almost at the head of the line ... Aaron see he life flash before he eye . he grab the balloon and shove it down the back of he pants . aldous ( cont 'd ) ( whisper intensely ) not so hasty . 38 . aldous pull a tube of ky jelly out of he manpurse and spritzes it on the balloon in Aaron 's hand . Aaron shove the balloon down he pants , grimace and shove it up he ass . he remove he hand . aldous ( cont 'd ) ( intense whisper ) be it up there ? aaron ( intense whisper ) yes . aldous ( intense whisper ) no part of it be stick out of you anal cavity ? aaron ( intense whisper ) no. definitely not . do this thing burst ? aldous ( intense whisper ) on occasion . suddenly they be at the front of the line . Aaron hold he hand away from he body , disgust as to where it 's be . heathrow security next in line please . wait , be not you aldous snow ? aldous guilty as charge . heathrow security there better be no smack up you bum . aldous clean as a whistle . heathrow security what 's the deal with this ? reveal the manpurse be fill with needle . aldous diabete . Doctor 's note inside . 39 . heathrow security sorry to hear it . you be all clear . I see you perform a couple year back . you throw up on I . aldous you be welcome . well all clean up now . no vomit anymore . ( then ) this be my good friend , Aaron . aaron ( nervously spew ) what 's up ? it must be crazy do security . you must have a lot of storey . heathrow security I guess I have a few . aaron ( nervously ) I mean , be you like always suspicious of every single person you see ? heathrow security not really . most people be good bloke . aaron Cause I have be all the time think like that '' guy over there have a bomb '' or '' that woman over there have a bunch of drug in she purse and a bomb . '' Cause I think that anyway and I be not even in you line of work . anyway , good to meet you . heathrow security good to meet you mate . the heathrow Security guy hold out he hand . Aaron do not know what to do . before he know it , he 's shaking the Security guy 's hand with he dirty hand . the guy then pick he nose and help a old lady through the detector . int . british airways club Aaron and aldous sit in the first class club . aldous be leaf through noe magazine . Aaron 's try not to hyperventilate . 40 . aaron morally I probably should not be do this . aldous morally you should . aaron you be suppose to be clean . I be a enabler . I be enable right now . aldous my quit date be not until next week . aaron you quit date ? aldous a year before you quit you pick a quit date . if I quit before my quit date my whole aa plan go out the window . aaron I think when you quit you just quit . aldous if I do not do heroin this week I 'il jump the gun on my quit date , which I pick over a year ago and have be mentally prepare for ever since , then my inability to quit once and for all will be on you conscience . do you want that on you conscience ? aaron no . this thing be go to burst . I feel it 's already burst . aldous if it have burst you would know . believe I . aaron what 's that suppose to mean ? 41 . aldous you would feel like a warmth , follow by like a sting pain , like a real sharp sting fiery pain , follow by organ failure and death . a Club waitress appear . club waitress Champagne ? sparkle water ? aldous I be a former alcoholic , so no thank you . however my young friend would love a champagne . it ’1ll help he relax . club waitress here you go , Mr. greenberg . the Flight attendant head off . aldous drink it down . aaron no . aldous drink it down . it 'il help loosen the sphincter . ironically a loose sphincter aid anal control . aaron oh , cool , that 's really interesting . aldous drink it the fuck down . aldous grab the drink and bring it up to Aaron 's lip . Aaron drink it down . aaron I be just go to see if we flight 's on time . int . british airways club - desk Aaron 's at the desk , talk to the female Club attendant . 42 . aaron I just want to confirm that flight 51 to LA be on time . club attendant it be . aldous come up behind Aaron . aldous oy oy . have that flight to New York leave yet ? club attendant not yet . aldous can we switch to that then ? club attendant of course . it will be a 4500 pound . aldous here you go , love . aldous toss a bundle of cash on the table . aaron I do not think we should do that necessarily . we be suppose to head to LA . you know , for you big performance at the Greek . that 's why we be here . aldous before a show , I always get my axe at manny 's guitar in New York City . do it for my first show when I be fifteen . I be not stop now . right , love ? club attendant I see no reason not to . Aaron watch in terror as they old ticket be torn up and replace with new new york CITY ticket . int . british airways - first CLASS a terrify Aaron and aldous head down the gangplank . they be greet by the Flight attendant . 43. flight attendant hello , again , Mr. greenberg . do you enjoy you stay in London ? aaron yes . aldous hi there , love . well be not you look beautiful today ? I should fly all the time . flight attendant May I lead you to you seat ? the Flight attendant lead they to they seat . aldous head to the bathroom . Aaron 's phone ring . he answer it . split screen between he and daphne . daphne have a giant bouquet of flower . daphne baby you should not have ! you be only away for one night ! aaron do not want anyone steal you away . daphne how 's it go ? Aaron decide whether to lie . aaron great . really great . daphne what 's aldous like ? aaron Super cool . like could not be a better guy . daphne really ? Cause from afar he seem like he would be totally crazy . aaron ( start to sweat ) no . not crazy at all . really mellow and cool actually . ( more ) 44 , aaron ( cont 'd ) funnily enough , turn out we be go to New York instead of LA first so I be probably not go to be home for another night . daphne that suck . why the change ? aaron totally plan . turn out he need to do some press stuff in New York first . daphne you really have no storey ? he do not say or do anything funny ? aaron nope . pretty straight lace , good guy . daphne you be use you lie voice . aaron I would be lie if I say anything interesting happen . daphne I do not want to find out he 's be make you do crazy stuff like smuggle a bong on the plane and you have be too scared to tell I . aaron ( fake laugh ) that 's hilarious . I love you and you hilarity . he hang up . ext . airplane - day the plane take off . int . british airways - day Aaron stare at the fasten seat belt sign . illuminate . aldous open he manpurse . it 's still 45 . aldous if for any crazy reason , I have a health emergency , solution 's in here . reveal that the manpurse be fill with needle and every single kind of painkiller . as aldous say each thing , he pull the appropriate pill or bandage out of the purse . aldous ( cont 'd ) I get a headache , I get a bad headache , I get a really bad headache , I get a bullet in m’leg or knife in m’arm , and , of course , if my heart 's stop . aldous pull out a adrenaline needle . aaron like from pulp fiction ? aldous no. like from life . get it ? aaron yeah , sure . the fasten seat belt Light flip off . aaron ( cont 'd ) I have gotta go to the bathroom . aldous you be not take a shit . aaron I have to go like right now . aldous you take a shit you owe I a thousand quid . the seatbelt sign bing off . aaron I be just gonna head up to the galley . you need anything ? aldous I have get my eye on you . 46 . Aaron nod . we follow he in one long , uncut shot as he walk up to the galley , pour himself a glass of water and then head back to he seat to find aldous having sex with a flight attendant . Aaron , not know what to do , continue past there seat to the bathroom . Aaron start to sweat hard the bathroom light go out and a businessman step out . Aaron head into the bathroom . int . british airways - bathroom Aaron sit down on the toilet and start to do he business . int . british airways - first CLASS aldous see Aaron 's seat be empty . aldous jump up and head to the bathroom and start knock on the door . aldous guess who just have a little bit of sex with the flight attendant ? aaron ( 0.s. ) oh. awe . aldous what 's go on in there , friend ? aaron ( 0.s. ) nothing . aldous you better not be take a shit . that 's my property . aaron ( 0.s. ) I be aware . I ’mnot . just do number one . aldous because if you be currently shitting , you be steal from I . let I in or I swear I will punch my shoulder straight through the door . I be hyperventilate ! let I in ! ( there 's a flush ) what be that ?! Aaron open the door . aaron everything 's fine . +e * hf * 47 . aldous push Aaron into the bathroom and close the door . int . british airways - bathroom - continuous Aaron and aldous be now in the bathroom . aldous where 's the heroin ? aaron still up there . aldous prove it to I . aaron I can not prove it to you without expel it . aldous so ... aaron so I be not go to do that right now . perhaps when we land and you need it . aldous it be wrong of I to make you stash it up you bum . that be not right . aaron at the very least you should have warn I before we be in the security line . aldous I understand why you expell it . it 's scary have that much dope so close to one 's intestinal track . aaron thank you for understanding . aldous you fuck evacuate it you cunt ! if we do not find it you owe I a thousand quid ! aldous start digging around in the toilet . 48 . aaron I would not do that . seriously , let 's just go back to we seat . I be sure we can figure this out once we get to New York . they have h in New York , right ? please , aldous -- aldous bring he hand into frame . it 's cover in the blue liquid of the toilet aldous you calm down immediately and help I retrieve my property ! Aaron start digging around in the toilet along with aldous . aldous ( cont 'd ) get in there ! aaron I be afraid ! I hear that this woman be sit on the toilet and hit the flusher and it suck out she intestine ! I do not want that to happen to I . aldous hit the flusher and Aaron 's hand get suck and stick partially in the toilet . aaron ( cont 'd ) ahhhh ! ! ! aldous what do you feel ? aaron it 's stick ! my hand 's stick ! why would you do that ?!?! aldous take a breath ! you be healthy ! I be healthy ! we be both alive and excited to be alive ! now what do you feel ? aaron I do not know . aldous what do you feel ? 49 . aaron I feel some metal . and something slimy . and ...and ... I feela balloon ! I feel the balloon ! aldous this be fantastic ! be you finger around it ? aaron almost ... yes ! aldous now yank it out ! aaron I can not , it 's stick ! aldous grab Aaron 's arm and yank it out of the toilet . aaron ( cont 'd ) ahhhhh ! aldous you have get it ! Aaron look in he hand . there indeed be the balloon . aldous ( cont 'd ) against all odd , you do it ! I be proud of you . aaron ( oddly relieved ) thanks . thank you . aldous hug Aaron . aaron ( cont 'd ) here 's you property . Aaron try to hand aldous back the drug . aldous put it back up there . you know what happen if I be catch with it ? you know , right ? I / x11 give you some privacy . aldous leave the bathroom . 50 . int . british airways - first CLASS Aaron sit back down next to aldous . aldous lean over and show Aaron a photo on he cell . aldous check this out . that 's we flight attendant , ten minute ago . it 's a photo aldous take of he have sex with the flight attendant . aaron ( despite himself ) you just do that ? aldous they meal cart be sharp . Aaron take the phone and start scrolling through it . it 's fill with photo of aldous with different woman . aldous ( cont 'd ) if my mobile could talk ... it would mainly talk about fuck . full screen chyron : manhattan , new york . 36 hour until greek . int . car service Aaron and aldous get in the car . aaron manny 's guitar shop , at -- aldous actually , four season , midtown . aaron we should not stay over in New York . aldous I know that . you be like a nag wife . nag nag nag . ( then ) I gotta get clean up . that be a long flight . and unlike you I just have sex with someone . 51 . int . four season new york - bathroom Aaron 's on he cell while wash the drug balloon . aaron two first class one way from New York to LA . whatever airline leave first . I do not care . his phone beep . Aaron look at it . shit. split screen with sergio who 's have brunch in a beautiful outdoor cafe with ten fashionable , wealthy - seeming guy . aaron ( cont 'd ) one sec . I get a call on the other line . ( switch over ) Mr. roma ? sergio , how ya do ? sergio ( 0.s. ) where be you ? the car service be at lax and there 's no you . aaron we plane get ground . sergio no , it do not . aaron if it do not then how be I still sit in heathrow ? sergio ( 0.s. ) then why do the computer say that it land in LA and why do my driver see a entire plane load of people from you flight get they bag ? aaron shit . I do what I promise I would not do . I lie . I be sorry . I will never do it again . we hit some horrible traffic go into heathrow and we miss we flight and I have to switch we flight to the next one out , a virgin flight that 's 1ll be landing tomorrow . I will never lie to you again . that be my solemn promise as a gentleman . * 52. sergio what 's the flight number ? aaron Flight 543 -- Aaron mumble the rest . we hear a NYC siren go by in the bg . sergio what be that ? aaron heathrow police . sergio I be not happy about this . aaron and neither be I . sergio do not do that . sergio hang up . Aaron flip back . TRAVEL agent that will be 4123.53 per ticket . aaron alrighty then . it 's a mastercard . Aaron bring the now squeaky clean heroin balloon into frame . int . four season new york - incredible suite - day aldous be sit on the balcony . pigeon walk along the railing . Aaron walk out onto the balcony and put the now clean up balloon in front of aldous . aldous Aaron , look , a lot of people would have walk away then . I think a stronger person would stay through this . and that person be you . aaron I be fine , aldous . this be really par for the course for I . I have to do a very similar thing when I assist mylie Cyrus at the kid Choice Award . she 's not allow soda and I get she some . not up my butt , but same difference really . 53 . aldous daphne be very lucky . do daphne know how lucky she be ? aaron I do not know . aldous I think she do . look , after put you through what I just put you through , I do not think I could ever do anything that bad again . I do not like myself when I be like that . but the drug take hold and well , you know the story . aaron ( feel it out ) totally . Story as old as time . why do not you just quit today and give the story a happy end ? carpe deum , know what I mean . aldous and well you might ask . and well you might ask . I feel the fate bring we together . I see myself when I be you age . aaron really ? thank you . aldous but hop up on smack . and fuck giselle bunchen . enjoy the view and order anything you want from room service . aldous head into the room . Aaron look out at the view . it 's a pretty amazing view . he smile again . this be rock star live no matter if you have to have a balloon of heroin up you ass to achieve it . he see the balloon on the table . he touch it . he hold it in he hand and squeeze it . he squeeze it again . he start absentmindedly squeezing it like a stress ball while look out at the view . aaron New York City . suddenly pop . powder heroin everywhere . aaron ( cont 'd ) oh , boy . 54 . Aaron stand , panicked . he look up and see a napkin inside . he run inside and run back out with the napkin . a flock of pigeon descend and start eat the heroin . aaron ( cont 'd ) no ! shoo ! no ! do not eat that ! you do not want to eat that ! the pigeon will not budge . aldous walk out . aldous so , where do you want to go tonight ? he see what 's go on . Aaron do not know what to do . ext . under the triboro bridge - day Aaron and aldous be in a car service in a particularly seedy section of New York . a group of homeless man be talk around a garbage can . aaron I be willing to pay you for the h , * but I be not a drug buy guy . besides , we should really get to manny 's and then get to LA -- aldous money do not mean nothing to I . just thing . and drug . aaron if you want it , why do not you buy * it ? aldous because I be famous . I could get in * trouble for this shit . now go out * there and make pappa proud . * aaron ( whisper ) you should not be do this stuff . aldous by not get it for I , you be just make it inconvenient , slow down the inevitable . and * there 's no need to whisper . * ( to the limo driver ) how many time have you have to purchase drug for someone ? 55 . limo driver too many to count . aaron I be lie before . I have never buy or sell heroin . I have never even see it until now . aldous ohmigod , really ? aaron really . aldous you think I give a shit what kind of heroin buy experience you have ? oh , I only want a lad who majore in drug purchase at Oxford buy my drug . ( then ) this be you first challenge . i’1l admit the glamour go away . stay for the party , fuck off when it 's time to clean up . aaron I be not try to eff off -- aldous I guess that 's why daphne 's dad hate you . and right he should . aaron firstly , he do not hate I -- aldous but I know you type . you be a vampire , suck the life out of other so that you can live . aaron ( start to cry ) I be not a vampire . I be a good guy . it 's all my fault , it really be , everything that 's happen , but buy illegal drug be -- aldous -- small potato . you think David geffen would walk away from this ? ( more ) * 56 . aldous ( cont 'd ) how many pound of heroin have geffen transport up he ass in he lifetime to get he yacht ? more than a ounce . * ext . under the triboro bridge - day Aaron walk towards the trash can . he turn to see the limo drive away , aldous give he a thumb up . Aaron join the group of guy around the garbage can . aaron what 's up ? I do not have all day to * finish this transacsh . let 's make this quick and painless . I show you the green , you show I the white . homeless guy fuck off . the homeless guy walk away . aaron alright , that 's cool . Aaron look around . a scumbag guy come up to he . * scumbag * you look for a package ? * aaron * ( oddly coy ) * maybe . who 's ask ? * scumbag * what the fuck , man ? do you want to * buy some heroin or not ? * aaron * ( whisper ) * yes . * scumbag * toss you thousand in the garbage can . go down that alley . a man will meet you down there . aaron toss my money down there ? I have get a better idea , why do not I just give you my ATM code ? my social security number ? ( more ) 57 . aaron ( cont 'd ) since there 's so much trust flow back and forth , I will give you a go with my girlfriend . you know , while we be at it . scumbag toss you cash down there . or I will blow you brain out . the scumbag wander away . Aaron look around and then toss the cash in the garbage can . he look at the alley . aaron mother effer . ext . alley - day it 's a terrifying alley . like it could not be scarier . Aaron look down the alley . Aaron take out he cell and dial . daphne answer . she 's at banana Republic . as Aaron talk , he walk down the alley . daphne hey , baby . what 's go on ? aaron I just want to tell you , sweetie , how much I love you . like love love you . daphne I too . aaron no , like , I love love you . daphne I love love you too . be you cry ? Cause you cry be go to make I cry . aaron what if I never see you again ? I do not know what I have do with myself . daphne it 's so good to hear you open up and be emotional . so often I feel like the needy one in we relationship . 58 . aaron you be not needy -- you be perfect . where be you anyway ? daphne banana Republic . aaron I love the banana Republic . I love you forever . * he get to the end of the alley . suddenly the same scumbag come out of the shadow . he 's dress slightly differently . aaron ( cont 'd ) gotta go . Aaron abruptly hang up . scumbag ( mushy mouth ) you Aaron ? aaron we just meet , ese . scumbag ( mushy mouth ) you do not know I , bitch . do you know I ? aaron no . not at all . except from five minute ago , ese . scumbag ( mushy mouth ) you get I . my name 's gritty . * he hold he hand out . Aaron shake it . * aaron Aaron . gritty do not have enough cash to have a * pick up guy , you know ? most guy have a crew , but then you have to pay the crew and it 's like , have you see the rent in this city ? aaron mos def . they be bad in LA . * 59 . gritty what you pay ? aaron I get a two bedroom , one bath , 2500 a month . gritty I pay twice that for a studio that look out at a ventilator shaft . good location though . I gotta move to LA . I have this screenplay idea about the drug war but it 's from the like Pov of the drug guy on the street , you know ? but the drug guy have this like X -men power and shit . I have tell you more but you might steal the idea and then I would have to fuck kill you . aaron totally . so we do this or what ? Cause time unlike money do not grow on tree . gritty I be ready when you be . gritty open he mouth and point to the package which be in he mouth . aaron what ? just hand it to I like a man , ese . gritty there be cop everywhere . open you mouth up to receive the package . aaron I be not do that . gritty then you be not get no package . Aaron and gritty basically french kiss so that gritty can pass the package to Aaron 's mouth . Aaron take it out and put it in he pocket . gritty ( cont 'd ) keep the package in you mouth . if the cop find you with it you can swallow it . ( more ) + HH HH hk % gritty ( cont 'd ) put that shit in you mouth or I ’1ll shiv you and you 'il be dead in second . Aaron put the package of drug in he mouth . gritty ( cont 'd ) you be a good dude . now turn away ! do not look to see where I be go ! if you look I will shiv you ! Aaron look away . after a couple minute he look up . gritty 's stand at the end alley . gritty ( cont 'd ) man , cab just do not come down here . wanna walk with I to the subway ? int . four season new york - incredible suite Aaron put the drug on the table . aldous you be a dear . a total dear . aldous hug Aaron . aldous ( cont 'd ) I be harsh , but that 's because life be challenging and this be one of that challenge . aaron it 's fine . I get it do . that 's what I do . I get thing do and this be one of that thing . aldous I get you a present . aldous hand Aaron diamond earring . aldous ( cont 'd ) or rather it 's for you great love , daphne . aaron be this real diamond ? Cause if it be this be not necessary at all . this be probably the most expensive thing I own . 60 . 61 . aldous I have be a shit . it be completely necessary . it be the most necessary thing I have do in my entire life . i’1l be back ina moment and then let 's go to manny 's to get I a axe . aldous leave . Aaron look at the diamond . aaron wow . int . four season new york —- bedroom aldous watch television . angle on the television be a Jackie q video . she 's sing a incredibly sultry version of '' Ring around the rosy . '' jackie q ( overly sex up ) Ring around the rosy / a pocket full of posy / ash , ash , we all go ... down . Jackie push she hand down towards she crotch and wink towards camera . then a aldous from happier time appear on screen next to she . aldous ( rapping ) you gotta ring around you rosy / let I get into you posy / finger it around / get all up in town ! jackie q/aldous and we all ! go! down ! they kiss and then fall out of frame . angle on the door as Aaron enter the bedroom . aldous 's pass out on the bed in a drug induce stupor . it 's a creepy , sad moment . aldous give I five minute , mate . just five . five alive . aaron of course . Aaron close the door . he do not look happy about this . % eh of HH hf HH hf % 62. ext . manny 's music - day aldous and Aaron get out of a limo at the venerable New York institution , manny 's Music . int . manny 's music - continuous they walk inside . guitar everywhere . guitar cover the wall , the floor , etc . the shop be immediately abuzz . aldous snow , famous rocker , have walk inside . phil , the store 's owner , come up to they . phil aldous snow . it 's good to see you stateside . I think you would die . aldous the reaper have not get I yet . this be my best american friend , Aaron greenberg . aaron good to meet you . phil what be you look for ? aldous what do you think ? phil hand a electric stratocaster to aldous . phil you hear about Jackie q? aldous ( bristle ) I hear a bit about that , sure . aldous start strumm let it be . as he play , a crowd gather around he . Aaron start to smile . this be actually pretty cool . aldous ( cont 'd ) when I find myself in time of trouble , mother Mary come to I , speak word of wisdom , let it be . / ( aldous start cry ) and in my hour of darkness she be stand right in front of I , speak word of wisdom , let it be . 63 . the crowd start cry as well . even Aaron be tear up . aldous ( cont 'd ) ( aldous start to cry ludicrously hard ) let it be , let it be , let it be , let it be . whisper word of wisdom , let it be ./ let it be , let it be , let it be , there will be answer , let it be , let it be . aldous be cry . phil be cry . Aaron be cry . the crowd be cry . it 's a incredibly emotional moment . aldous start to howl with sadness . suddenly some of the crowd stop cry . aldous then take the guitar and smashes it . in he extreme sadness , aldous take the destroy guitar and start smash all the guitar on the floor and in the store . phil what the fuck !? phil and Aaron go to grab he . aldous let be be ! let it be ! let it be ! with wild abandon , aldous go crazy . Aaron jump on aldous 's back to try to stop he . aldous ( cont 'd ) abhhh ! unhand I ! let I be ! let I be ! aldous spin wildly and then back Aaron into the glass window , crack it . ext . manny'a music Aaron pull aldous out of the shop . the limo pull up . the limo Driver get out and aldous jump in . phil come out . aaron I just want you to know that aldous feel terrible about what he 's do . phil do it look like I give a shit ? he just destroy easily a hundred grand worth of equipment . I should punch you in the face . 64 . aldous roll the window down . aldous I be really sorry , phil . my head be like wohhh . be we all good ? immediately , phil and Aaron be on they best yes man behavior . aldous ( cont 'd ) course we be , man . aaron we be just figure out the damage . Bill . aldous roll up the window . Aaron pull phil behind the limo out of aldous 's sight . phil that guy 's a dick , he 's always be a dick . aaron I be superbumme you get catch up in this whole thing . ( sotto ) look , he 's in a tough spot this day so if you could just keep this whole thing under wrap -- phil punch Aaron in the face . aaron ( cont 'd ) why do that , man ? phil because I can not do it to he . phil punch Aaron again . Aaron take a swing at phil . phil easily grab Aaron 's hand and make he punch himself in the head with it . aldous stick he head out of the limo . phil and Aaron immediately act like they be just talk . aldous when you be do settling up , you want to grab some nosh over at the Russian tea room ? phil I be a little busy today , aldous , but thanks for the invite . 65 . aldous sure thing , phil . aldous go back into the limo . Aaron sucker punch phil . phil punch Aaron back . Aaron kick phil hard . phil start punch Aaron . phil ( with each punch ) you ! will ! pay ! for! my! guitar ! now ! suddenly the limo driver be right there . he pull phil off of Aaron and throw he away like a piece of paper . int . limo - day Aaron and aldous be in the backseat . Aaron be breathe hard and cover in sweat , but try to cover . phil stand up . aldous roll down the window . phil great see you , aldous . and nice meeting you , Aaron . aaron the pleasure be all mine . the limo take off . in the bg , we see phil flipping they off . Aaron flip he off behind aldous 's head so aldous can not see . before Aaron say anything aldous cut he off . aldous I do not think I could even do anything that bad again . aaron hey , you know what , you have gotta go through you artistic process . aldous when the worst possible thing have already happen , it could not possibly get worse and therefore it 'o 1ll just be a uphill trajectory from here on out . aaron whatever , it 's fine , man . really . 66 . aldous do you ever curse ? because now be a moment where you be well within you rights to curse . aaron sure I do . aldous say the word fuck . aaron like in what context ? aldous like , shut the fuck up . aaron ( awkward ) shut the fuck up . aldous and calm the fuck down you crazy motherfuck fucker . aaron why ? why bother say that really , you know ? like why ? aldous Cause I want you to . say it . say it , puppet , say it . aaron I be not you motherfucker puppet . ok ? fuck fuck ? fuck fuck fuck motherfucker ? aldous very nice . I like that . ext . JFK - day a plane take off . int . american airline - day aldous and Aaron be in flight . aldous grab he phone and look at the photo . aldous who 's all that ? 67 . aaron that 's my lady . and that be my parent . aldous you in touch with they still ? aaron yeah . we be really close actually . aldous must be nice to have that . aaron it 's not bad . you seem to have a great relationship with you mom . aldous I do . my pop 's another story . aaron you never speak to he ? like ever ? aldous Nah . I hate that man . he write a unauthorize biography about he own son . who do that ? I have come to term with the fact that I be never gonna see that bastard again . ( then , more spiritual ) and when he eventually die , he energy will rejoin the great field and he will finally be at peace ina way I do not think he can ever be during this lifetime . aaron cool . do you even know where he life ? aldous last I head he 's a card shark in Vegas . Aaron consider and then jump in . aaron I do not want to get involved , everyone 's different , but the day before my boobie die I go to see she instead of go to this secret death cab for cutie concert I have sweet ticket to . ( more ) he hhh hhh HH HH ff +e % % * * + HH HH 68. aaron ( cont 'd ) she be so happy to see I , say I be the best grand kid ever . ( then ) I can still see death cab for cutie . can not see she . aldous what 's a boobie ? aaron it 's Jew for grandma . aldous that 's a beautiful story , mate . you have such a kind , old soul . aaron I have be tell that . all I be say be it 's never too late to make amend . this land with aldous . int . american airline the plane 's in flight . two and a half Men and — later Aaron 's read . aldous be watch laugh way too hard . pilot ( 0.s. ) just want to let y’all know that in a couple minute that on the right side of the aircraft will be able to see the beautiful light of Las Vegas . aldous hit he call buzzer . a flight attendant head over . flight attendant how may I help you ? aldous this headphone be bust . flight attendant I ’1ll get you another set . she leave and return a second later with another set . aldous this be bust too . + HH hf % he hhh ok es * * 69 . flight attendant how do you know ? you have not try they yet . aldous rip they in half . aaron hey , man . you can use mine . aldous I can not use yours ! I can not use anyone 's ! cause there 's a bomb on this plane ! I can feel it in m' bone ! ext . las vega cityscape - night the plane , surround by fire truck with they siren a- blaze , perform a emergency landing in Vegas . full screen chyron : las vega , nevada . 24 hour until the greek . int . las vega limo - night Aaron and aldous be in a limo . Aaron 's piss . aaron what the fuck be you think ? aldous I like that . it 's amusing , you cursing . it 's like watch a nun do anal . aaron why would you do this ? aldous my father be die . Cancer . pancreatic . he 's have it for a year . the doctor give he three to six month . aaron ( take aback ) I be sorry , man . that 's awful . but we can not stay here . * % +e * hf % + eh +e * hf + eh 70 . aldous what if he die tomorrow and I do not see he because of some concert ? it 's like if you have never get to see you boobie that one last time ? aaron that be just a like a once ina million year coincidence . he 's not go to die tomorrow . aldous you do not know that . aaron and if he do , he energy be still go to rejoin the big overall energy field of everything so it do not matter if you see he . aldous I be just make that all up . ext . bellagio - night aldous and Aaron be walk into the casino . aldous what should I say to he when I see he ? I be a whirligig of emotion . aaron I do not know , tell he the way you really feel . be honest and open . and brief . incredibly brief . int . bellagio - night Aaron and aldous walk into the casino and walk up to aldous 's Father , jonathan snow , a older man deal blackjack . aldous one hundred quid . the blackjack Dealer look up . jonathan snow aldy ? aldous hey , father . + h hk + eh +e * hf % 71 . jonathan snow * ay ! ay ! everyone look ' ere it 's my son , famous rocker aldy snow . a crowd gather . ext . bellagio - moment later Jonathan , aldous and Aaron walk out of the casino . * jonathan snow * you want to hit Morton 's , grab some steak ? you be buy ! Cause you be the famous rocker , not I ! aldous still a vegetarian , dad . jonathan snow * except when it come to the female persuasion . then you be a proper carnivore . so if you be not go to gamble or go to a steakhouse , what do you gent feel like do this evening ? you feel like a have proper night out ? aaron no . jonathan snow * well , I have get just the thing . this be go to blow you mind . int . magic show - night Jonathan , aldous and Aaron have front row seat at a magic * show . the three of they be drink giant fruity drink while they watch . the magician throw a handkerchief in the air and it turn into bird . aaron Holy moly ! that do not happen ! aldous where do that bird some from ? ( yell , despite the public nature of the show ) magician , where do that bird come from ? 72 . magician it 's magic . aldous oh , I know he be go to say that ! jonathan snow * what do I tell you ? int . magic show - bathroom Aaron be pee . Jonathan walk in and go up to the urinal * right next to Aaron . jonathan snow * I have a gun . aaron ( beat ) oh. cool . Aaron flush and head out of the bathroom . int . strip club - night Aaron , aldous and Jonathan be sit in seat , drink . * they all three do a shot . a group of stripper come over to give they lapdance . stripper hi , I be millenium . / I be jet . what 's you name ? / I be Katherine . aldous Katherine ? why do not you have a more adventurous name ? katherine the stripper I actually have jet but jet have seniority so I go with Katherine because I have always like Katherine the great . aaron because she have sex with horse ? katherine the stripper no she di 'i not ! millenium ( stroking Aaron 's chest ) what 's you name ? aaron Aaron , but uh , that 's ok -- 73 . aldous and he dad start laugh hard at Aaron . Aaron get acall . it 's sergio . split screen with sergio in he some convertible bentley . he 's stop at a cross walk . pedestrian walk by and accidentally brush against he car . sergio why be not you at the Greek do sound check ? ( to a pedestrian ) touch my car again and I will murder you . aaron we just get to the four season in Los Angeles . just settling in . sergio I ' 1l meet you there in twenty minute . sergio hang up . aaron fuck . Aaron dial . four season operator four season . aaron hi , this be Aaron greenberg with aldous snow . he stay under the name Queen Victoria . I know this be weird because we be not there , but could you please check we in ? four season operator of course , sir . you do not wish the wife to know you be with you mistress . aaron no , that 's not ... if anyone visit please forward all call to this number . % + h hk * * four season operator whatever you would like . I love a game . his phone beep . it 's daphne . daphne hi , baby . when do you get in ? aaron we be actually in Vegas . more press stuff . angle on Jonathan and aldous . jonathan snow it 's be a long time since we have do something like this . remember bangkok ? aldous how could I forget ? jonathan snow I just want to say it be not correct of I to write a unauthorize about you . that 's not good parent . aldous I be a bastard to you , I realize that now . jonathan snow how could you not be ? I be never around when you be a kid . aldous mum be not the easiest person to live with and what with I in and out of juvey -- jonathan snow still no excuse . you be just a boy . aldous Water under the bridge . life be too short . we all make mistake . the biggest mistake be not forgive . 74 . * 75 . jonathan snow it 's good to see you , boy . it really be . Jonathan rub aldous 's hair like he 's a little boy . this be while they be both get lapdance . angle back on aaron : aaron we go to a magic show and now we be at like a nightclub . a group of naked stripper walk by Aaron , really close . aaron ( cont 'd ) like a cool nightclub . it 's call Aaron look up to see the sign above the bar . it 's call '' the wet pussy Lounge . '' aaron ( cont 'd ) -- the Lounge . palm casino . I do not know why it 's not on the website . maybe because it 's next door . be everything ok ? daphne I just miss you and I think you have be home by now and I can not get to the bottom of this last piece , you know ? I just spatter fake blood on the fake doll part of it but it do not feel right . aaron well , I be sure it look beautiful . daphne it do and that 's the problem . ( then ) this be so stupid , but I just want to hear you breathe . just hearing you breathe calm I down . aaron oh. ok . they both breathe . Aaron 's phone beep . he look at it . four season . Aaron silently flip over to the other side . triple screen between Aaron , sergio in the lobby of the four season , and daphne breathe . 76 . sergio * I be downstairs . where be you ? * aaron ( whisper ) aldous just go to sleep . he 's feel sick . sergio * then why do it sound like you be * in the meatpack district ? * aaron ( whisper ) hardcore techno 's the only thing he can sleep to . he have rather rest up . * thinks it have be better than rehearse . sergio * come down here . I want to see you * beautiful face . * aaron ( whisper ) he want I to keep he company . sergio * aw , how cute . wake the baby up and * put he on the phone . right now . * Aaron flip back to daphne who 's still breathe . Aaron do some breathe as he head over to aldous and he dad . he hit the phone on mute . aldous oy , Aaron ! we be get aids rubbed all over we pants ! no offense , Katherine ! aaron look , roma want to speak to you . * he think we be at the four season and that you be sick and that 's why you do not want to rehearse at the Greek so could you do I a solid and pretend to be sick for he ? and at the four season ? in Los Angeles ? aldous of course , mate . aldous grab the phone and hit the unmute button . 77 . sergio * hey , aldous . it 's sergio . I * understand you be not feel well - aldous I be get lapdance in Vegas with my pop . we will be in LA in the am . I love this kid by the way . he 's fantastic . ciao . aldous hand the phone back to a stunne Aaron . aaron hello ? sergio you make I drive to the four season for no fuck reason . do not do that again . + eh * sergio hang up . Aaron flip back to daphne . daphne hello ? hello ? hello ? Aaron ? aaron I be here . I be here . sorry . just a weird connection . battery 's on its way out . Aaron look at aldous who wink at he . Aaron look over at the stripper 's pole where a really drunk stripper be do a routine . she climb up the pole and then try to slide down upside down . instead she fall off the pole and land hard on she head . Aaron take this opportunity to leave . ext . strip club Aaron walk outside with the phone . a second later a girl ( krissy , 20s ) come out . she 's petite , blonde and busty -- exactly Aaron 's ideal . aaron I be sure you piece be much better than you think it be . daphne but if I think it 's bad then in my reality it be simply bad and be not that the only thing that count ? 78 . aaron I do not know -- uh , my battery 's die , daphne I love you ! krissy make eye at Aaron . aaron and I you . Aaron hang up . krissy you have a smoke ? aaron no , sorry . do not smoke . krissy I should not . what be you do out here if you do not smoke ? aaron wait for my friend and he father to stop get lapdance . my friend 's father be die apparently and this be what they want to do together I guess . krissy you not into the lapdance thing ? aaron no offense , but no . krissy I be not into it either . I be not a stripper . but thanks . ( they laugh ) can I have a sip of you drink ? aaron sure thing . Aaron hand krissy he drink . aldous and Jonathan stumble out of the strip club with they stripper . aldous there you be , Aaron ! we think we would bring the party back to fake Italy . 79 . katherine the stripper you mind come along , krissy ? krissy of course not . krissy roll she eye at Aaron , not want to go . int . bellagio suite - live room - night the four of they be bent over do coke . aldous you want any ? aaron nahhh , I be good . aldous it 's really just like have a cup of coffee . katherine the stripper like a venti frappucino that you snort up you nose . krissy just a little will not hurt a bittle . Aaron snort a tiny amount of coke . aaron well that be super fun . int . bellagio suite - master bedroom - night Jonathan & millenium and aldous & jet have sex in a giant Oriental King . aldous pull out he cell and take a photo of he and Katherine in the midst of sex . pan over to Aaron and krissy just sit on the balcony , try not to watch . int . bellagio suite - balcony - night they be both pretty drunk and coke up . aaron it 's just like my girlfriend and I be like totally right for each other but sometimes I wonder if we be in fact right for each other because even though we never fight she can make thing complicated that do not seem that complicated to I and she always say that I be she first nice boyfriend , like I be miss testicles or something but she 's also so great and complete my life even if I be scared of be honest with she about that thing I just tell you . so , what do you do for a live ? krissy I be a student . study to be a doctor . 80 . krissy put she hand on he . Aaron stare at it . aaron I will be right back . Aaron go inside into the bathroom . int . bathroom - continuous Aaron close the door and look in the mirror . in , hold a large terrifying look joint . aldous that be something else . she 's a dirty , dirty bird . want a hit ? aaron what be that ? aldous I call it the Jeffrey . it 's a bit of this , a bit of that . Aaron take it and start puffing on it . aldous ( cont 'd ) why be not you with you lady ? aaron I have a girlfriend who I be go to marry . aldous walk 81 . aldous if you have a girlfriend you be go to marry then this be the only time you 's 1ll be able to do this in good conscience . once you be marry you can not have sex with a random girl in a Vegas hotel suite . but now you can . aaron but I should not . and besides I do not want to either at all . she 's a hot doctor . I do not think they exist ! aldous you have get to get it out of you system . otherwise it 's go to emerge like a noxious shit bubble year from now when you have a little baby daughter . do you want to break you baby daughter 's heart ? aaron no . I do not . aldous then go out there and fuck that girl . it 's the morally correct thing to do . aldous start to pee in the toilet . aldous ( cont 'd ) man I have to pee the entire time we be have sex . be not that the worst ? as I come I be literally think about Victoria Falls . Aaron walk out of the bathroom back to the balcony . aldous carefully inspect he hair in the mirror . he see one gray hair . he carefully pluck it out . ext . bellagio suite - balcony - night Aaron rejoin krissy on the balcony and hand she the joint . krissy take it and puff it . krissy woh . what be that ? * 82. aaron something call the Jeffrey . ( then ) if we do what I think we be go to do it 's important that I tell you once more that I have a girlfriend and should not be do this at all . in fact , I be sorry I even suggest we do anything . this be clearly a highly inappropriate situation and I regret have offended and / or dishonor you in any way . krissy you be cute . krissy grab Aaron and kiss he hard . int . bellagio suite - guest room - night they fall into a bed . krissy 's '' nice '' shtick suddenly drop and she become a voraciously sexual . krissy man you be a hot . you look like Dennis Quaid . aaron really ? I never think of myself -- krissy tear off Aaron 's pants . aaron ( cont 'd ) woh ! I be not sure about this -- krissy get sure ! Pump I ! krissy remove she shirt and put Aaron 's hand on she boob . aaron wow ... this be really ... hard . krissy silicone can get into you bloodstream and fuck you shit up . she go down on Aaron . we can not tell what she 's do . 83. aaron what be that ? what be you do ? I be not sure but I think I love what be currently happen to I . why can not I stop narrate what be happen to I while it 's happen -- ( then , notice something below frame ) wow , you pubic hair be in the shape of a lightning bolt . int . bellagio suite - master bedroom Aaron bust into the room . aaron you trick I into have sex with a hooker ! aldous not a trick ! a gift ! aaron well let I just say that I do not complete the sex ! so there ! I be high and I be not enjoy this sensation ! my heart be go like crazy ! jonathan snow why be jewboy talk so much ? aldous you be just nervous that you screw that girl . normal stress come out . aaron I do not cheat on she ! I do not even put it in ! it just kind of circle the area ! my heart literally will not stop pound ! aldous that be the most amazing expression ever . aldous take out he camera phone and take a photo of Aaron . Aaron spazzily take a drag off the joint . aaron I be totally have a heart attack ! 84 . jonathan snow * well then I would not suck on that . aaron why ? it 's just a joint . aldous no , it 's a Jeffrey . aaron wait ... what 's in this thing ? aldous a layer of pot . then a layer of opium . then some crack . and a little bit of meth . and the roll paper 's be dip in acid . oh , and there also might be some angel dust . not sure . aaron why the fuck be it call Jeffrey ? jonathan snow * Cause who could be scared of Jeffrey ? Jeffrey 's just a nice bloke from down the road . aaron I be have a heart attack . aldous no you be not . jonathan snow * he could be . the Jeffrey give people in much better shape heart attack . I know this footballer who have a heart attack who have just like one puff of the Jeffrey and unlike , jewfro , he have zero percent body fat . aldous do not freak he out more . jonathan snow * I be just truth tell . aldous oh , like the way you truth -telled * about my relationship with Jackie ? * aldous punch he dad . jonathan snow I have to get my side of the story across . aldous you be not get no side . jonathan snow you be a bastard as a kid and you be a bastard now ! aldous maybe I would not have be a bastard if you have not leave I and mum at home to fuck underage thai hooker ! jonathan snow you be the one to talk ! aldous you make I this way ! you make I incapable of connect with people except by have sex with they ! vicious fist fight . Aaron get in the middle . Aaron crazily start scratch Jonathan 's head . aaron woh ! woh ! stop it ! that man be sick . aaron ( cont 'd ) ah ! ah ! ah ! jonathan snow catwoman ! it 's catwoman ! aldous pull Aaron off of Jonathan . aldous start laugh . jonathan snow ( cont ’d ) what the bloody fuck ? you be like catwoman ! aaron I think my heart just stop . aldous and he dad get into a Jonathan punch Aaron in the face up . Jonathan start laugh . 85 . * 86 . aldous just calm down , alright ? now look at I . think about the beauty in this world . like check out this ant . aldous pick up a ant crawl on the table . aldous ( cont 'd ) it 's beautiful , be not it ? Aaron look at it and start to calm down . aldous snort it . aaron ah ! why would you do that ? aldous to distract you . and impress you . aaron my heart 's definitely stop . ( then ) I have to run to keep it beat ! Aaron take off around the room and then pass out . he wake up briefly to see Jonathan pee on the floor . int . bellagio suite - balcony - dawn Aaron be asleep . he get a rude kick in the side . aldous it 's time to go . Aaron shakily stand . they walk into the suite to see aldous 's dad pass out on the floor without pants . or underpant . aaron should we wake he up so you can say goodbye ? aldous fuck that arse . int . suv limo - morning Aaron and aldous be in the backseat of the car in early morning silence . after a long beat ... +e * hf * * a % 87 . aaron you dad do not have pancreatic cancer , do he ? aldous it 's in remission . aaron no it be not . I do not care . aldous you be right . I lie . like the way you lie about do drug . aaron I have smoke pot . aldous that 's not drug . aaron it 's actually get a lot stronger recently . the thc level be like way higher than when we parent smoke it ... you be right . it 's not drug . aldous ( then ) I do not understand you . why have you stop have sex with that girl ? she be proper smoking . aaron because of my girlfriend . aldous I just do not get that . aaron what 's there to get ? aldous why be you in a relationship ? what be the advantage of it ? aaron I do not like choose stuff , like where I have to go to dinner . or my clothes . I like that my outfit get laid out for I . I wake up every morning and my shirt be pick out for I , my jeans be pick out for I , it 's nice . 88 . aldous you be fascinating . what do you do ? like at night ? aaron I do not know . I watch tv. like grey 's anatomy . aldous be that with that guy , mcdreamy ? aaron yeah . aldous I know he . I fuck he . aaron no way . aldous I be in a bad way . I would just break up with Kelly osborne . I know that bloke . we have sex . ( awkward silence ) what do you do for you birthday ? this be just fascinating . I have never meet anyone like you . aaron last year my family and daphne 's family have dinner and go to see Capote . how about you ? what have you do for you birthday ? aldous I and about ninety - five people go to Richard branson 's private island and have a ecstasy party and then go out in a hot air balloon . aaron I be not go to lie . you life seem awesome . aldous but it 's miss love , Aaron . do not you see ? I want love the way you have love . without love , I be gonna become that bastard we just spend twelve hour with . I want a lady to pick out my clothes . and not just a assistant who I pay . * beat . 89 . aaron be there a specific someone ? aldous I be in love with Jackie q. I know it now . she 's so gorgeous and sexy and have this perfect tit . really , something . like a angel 's tit . and she always keep I guess . I be with she at this party in Monaco and she lean over and whisper to I '' I be wet . '' she just say that to I , you know , like she be tell I the weather , with McCartney and judi dench and the dalai lama just stand like two foot away . I swear I fall in love right then , right there . then later that week , we be at a nightclub in goa and she go and make out with Emma bunton right in front of I . under different circumstance I would have be happy to be see this , this would have be my idea of nirvana . but not this time . this time I be mad . and as I watch they make out and strip and begin the process of engage in oral sex I get angrier and angrier till I realize this be love , I be in love . aldous ( cont 'd ) we have a kid together , you know . I have not see the tyke in year . beautiful child . aaron that 's amazing , man . that 's the reason we be here on Earth . aldous it be , be not it ? I even pay he child support but I do not mind cause I love he so much . and she too . aaron why would it end ? 90 . aldous I do not know . I just do not . I want she back . she life in LA and I want to see she and get she back . but I do not know what to do . like when I first see she , what do I do ? aaron just be honest and tell she how you feel . a good relationship , if that 's what you want , be all about honesty . the one thing be and I do not want to get into this if it do not matter , but be not she ... engage ... to Paul Allen ? aldous ( turn dark ) you be right , if I be honest I '11l get she . and once I have get she I can finally put a end to this interminable , miserable single life . presently I can go wherever I want with whoever I want and do whatever I want to whomever I want . it 's not as good as eat dinner at 6:30 with the same person and have nothing new to talk about ever . it 's like when I be on branson 's private island in a ecstasy orgy with this two indian model I be like '' I wish I be lock in a small apartment in Los Angeles with the same person forever . '' Aaron 's unsure whether to be offended or laugh it off . aldous ( cont 'd ) I be just josh with you , man . I be jealous . aaron oh , you . Aaron playfully push aldous . aldous playfully push Aaron back . Aaron playfully push aldous back . in one lightning quick move , aldous unlatch the car door on Aaron 's side and push aaron out the door . we see in one shot , no cut , as Aaron fly out the door and tumble behind the car onto the highway . Cars swerve around he body . in the recede background we see Aaron jump up and dive away from two car that smash into each other . gl . a driver of one of the car hop out and punch Aaron in the face . aldous casually hit the divider button in the limo . aldous it seem my compatriot have fall out of the vehicle . the limo Driver look in the rear window and screech to the side of the highway . ext . highway Aaron stand about a hundred yard from the limo . int . suv limo Aaron sit as far from aldous as possible , completely and totally terrify . aldous it be just a joke . I do not realize you would take it this personally . aaron I be fine . I be just go to get some shut eye . Aaron close he eye . he leave they a little open so he can keep a eye on aldous . ext . four season los angele - day aldous and Aaron pull up in front of the four season . chyron : los angele , california . twelve hour until the greek . aaron so if you need anything please call . otherwise I ’1ll be see you tomorrow late afternoon pre - concert . aldous this be how we leave it ? with you be so cold , just icing I out . aaron not be icy , just protective of my life . ( more ) * * 92 . aaron ( cont 'd ) you have my contact information . if you need I you know how to reach I . aldous get out of the car . the car take off . Aaron pick up he cell and dial . int . sergio' office * sergio be do pilate like a master . he answer the phone . * sergio * speak . * aaron Aaron greenberg . aldous snow have be deliver to he hotel . * ext . jackie q's bel AIR mansion - day aldous , in a limo , pull up outside the mansion . aldous thanks , mate . aldous get out of the car and head towards the front of the house . he knock on the door . Jackie q answer . jackie q well fuck I . aldous alright . int . jackie q's bedroom - day aldous and Jackie have finish have sex . aldous I miss that . jackie q I too . you be like walk sex . * you know that , right ? * aldous as be you my dear , as be you . naple , a six year old of indeterminate gender , come in . naple mommy , nook ! Nook ! naple hold up a very sharp kitchen knife . jackie q now what be you do with that , naple ? naple Nook ! naple make a stabbing gesture with the knife . jackie q c’mere , naple , and say hello to you friend , aldous . aldous and father . naple Nook ! aldous what a beautiful child . naple 's jamaican nanny , suzette , pop she head in . suzette sorry about that , Ms. Jackie . jackie q leave he . he 's perfection . be not you ? be not you ? aldous pick up naple and hold he upside down . oddly good with naple . aldous be you a monster ? be you a little monster ? naple I be not a monster . aldous what be that ? I think you just say you be a monster ! naple I be not a monster ! 93 . aldous be 94 . aldous no. Cause I be the monster ! aldous stalk after naple like a monster . jackie q I love you , you crazy , crazy man ! aldous and I love you ! naple and I love both of you ! aldous see naple Fisher - price piano and '' karoake '' machine . it 's not a real piano or karoake machine ; but rather a brightly - color piece of plastic that act as one . aldous hit the key . it automatically start play '' head , shoulder , knee and toe . '' CUT to moment later : aldous and Jackie perform a amazing version of '' head , shoulder , knee and toe '' as naple clap . ext . jackie qas bel AIR mansion - pool naple run to the pool . naple last one in the pool be a rotten egg ! aldous well I do not want to be a rotten egg ! naple jump into the pool . aldous strip and jump in after he . Jackie watch from the side and laugh . aldous ( cont 'd ) I guess you mum 's the rotten egg . naple you be ! you be ! aldous I be not a rotten egg . I be the monster ! aldous take naple and throw he farther into the pool . naple be giggle . Jackie be giggle . aldous look around . life be perfect . +e hf ff * * aldous ( cont 'd ) ( yell across the pool to she ) we should get marry . jackie q what ? aldous let 's do it . you love I , I love you . would not you love that naple ? naple yay ! aldous let 's just go get marry . we already have bundle we gene into this perfect little moppet . let 's stop lie to ourselves and tie the knot already . jackie q Paul 's docking later this afternoon so you should probably dry off and go . aldous screw Paul Allen . unengage he . screw we little box that we have put we life in . jackie q aldous , we be no good together . aldous Relationships be about honesty and I be finally ready to be honest with you and naple . jackie q I will be honest with you . you be only good for the sex and the child support cash . now that I be marrying Paul I do not need you . and it 's not just the money ; he 's also much nicer to I than you ever be . you and I be terrible together . we be just good at sex . sex be not love . sex be not commitment . sex be sex be sex be sex . 95 . * 96 . naple sexsexsexsexsexsexsex ! jackie q suzette ! aldous but you just tell I you love I . jackie q that be then , this be now . aldous that be like twenty minute ago . jackie q my emotion can not be control . you know that . suzette scoops naple out of the pool . naple howl . jackie q ( cont 'd ) now look what you have do . you have get naple all piss . suzette ! aldous do not take he away , lady ! do not take my son away ! naple I do not want to go ! jackie q stop with the melodrama . you have see he like three time in the last five year . aldous that 's gonna change right now ! I love he ! a son should be raise by he father ! jackie q well in that case he should be raise by Hugh grant . aldous what ? no. me. he 's half I . jackie q no he 's not . he 's half I , he 's half Hugh grant . that 's the truth . ( more ) 97 . jackie q ( cont 'd ) I shoulda tell you six year ago but if I have you woulda stop send I child support payment . that 's not right which be why I be go to pay you back . in fact I all write the check right now . aldous I do not care if he 's not my son ! I still love he ! I love you , kid ! ext . los angele skyline - day aldous walk down mulholland , cry hysterically . chyron : four hour until the greek . aldous I have no one ! no one !!! he look out over Los Angeles . he collapse . he look down at he phone . he scroll through the photo on he phone . it 's just naked trampy girl after naked trampy girl ( with Patrick Dempsey throw in ) . he get to the photo of Aaron from the night in Vegas when he be freaking out . int . aaron and daphneas apartment Aaron and daphne be eat dinner . Aaron be hold daphne 's hand . daphne you be really go to hold my hand all the way through dinner ? aaron I do not even notice . the doorbell ring . Aaron go to the door and open it , revealing aldous . aldous so this be where you live ? aaron what be you do here ? you be suppose to be at the Greek . aldous I need you with I . aaron if you need I I can totally go to wherever you be . daphne show up behind Aaron . daphne my gosh , aldous snow ! aldous be you daphne ? you be even more lovely in person . daphne hold out she hand . aldous kiss it . int . aaron and daphne 's apartment - moment later Aaron , daphne and aldous be sit in the live room . they be drink wine . aldous stare at the sculpture from the beginning that Aaron describe as '' pretty . '' aldous I love this piece . daphne thanks . aldous but I also hate it . it look the way my inside feel , all fuck up and toss around . it 's like nausea in three dimension . aaron I do not know about -- daphne that be a relief . that 's exactly what I try to create . aaron you want I to drive you to some LA hot spot ? I can take you to the Standard , the chateau -- aldous I want nothing more than to be right here in you apartment . Aaron downs he glass of wine . 99 . aldous ( cont 'd ) ( look at a photo ) where 's this ? daphne Buenos Aires . that be we first transatlantic trip together . aldous the presidential suite at the Buenos Aires ritz be the nicest hotel room I have ever be to . aaron yeah , we be stay in a hostel . aldous well , next time check it out . also , argentinean prostitute be out of this world . Aaron 's about to cover but daphne giggle in a oddly flirtatious way . quick cut of they drinking and laughing together while Aaron look more and more uncomfortable . aldous play and sing John mayer 's '' daughter '' on a guitar while daphne and Aaron watch , hold hand . CUT to later aldous ( cont 'd ) I be astonished and fascinate at you longevity as a couple . aaron it 's only be three year . daphne I getcha , man . it 's my longest relationship by far . sometimes , it 's like , wow . aldous what do you do when you be ina relationship for that long . like , how do you keep it lively ? aaron it 's easy because we love each other . 100 . aldous be not you worried that you be miss out ? aaron /daphne on what ? / sometimes . aaron ( ignore daphne ) on what ? aldous like if you could have do one sexual activity before you die what would have be ? aaron ( joke ) what , like a threesome ? aldous sure like that . aaron I guess a threesome . aldous threesome . do you have any fantasy like that ? aaron I be just joke . daphne I have love to try a threesome . you know , before I die . aldous well that be something that be possible right now . it 's not like want to fly or shoot laser out of you eye . a threesome be something that we can accomplish right here right now . aaron that would be hilarious , we have a threesome . daphne we should do it . 101 . aldous if you have like , but I certainly do not want to apply any pressure . I have have my share of threesome . daphne c'mon , let 's do a threesome . would not that be fun ? aaron I be speak completely theoretically . I be not actually sure whether we should really be have a threesome in reality . daphne you just say it 's something that you would like to try . aaron well , I mean , it be . daphne so why not try it ? if we do not like it we do not have to do it again . aldous I get this mate who I have a threesome with and he do not like it and then he never have one again . daphne look at Aaron like '' see ? '' daphne I mean , unless you be scared . aaron I be not scared . I be just worried that you might be scared . I do not want to press you into anything . daphne you be not . aaron if you be not scared . daphne I be not scared . aaron then neither be i. 102 . aldous ( clap he hand together ) perfect ! let I get my whip . ( off they look ) just joke . do not take life so seriously ! aldous start very casually take he clothes off . aldous ( cont 'd ) well , what be you wait for ? daphne and Aaron start take they clothes off too . it 's very awkward and proforma . int . aaron and daphne 's bedroom - later aldous , Aaron and daphne be awkwardly sit on the bed . aaron so ... how do we start this ? because if we can not , we do not need to -- aldous start make out with daphne . int . aaron and daphneas bedroom pan from aldous have crazy amazing sex with daphne to Aaron sit on the bed look not really all that happy . aaron so ... I be ... gonna get some water . ( then ) do you guy need anything ? daphne I have love some . Aaron get off the bed and go into the kitchen . int . kitchen - continuous Aaron fill up a glass with water . then a second glass with water . he then look at himself hold two glass of water . he be literally serve water to he girlfriend and the man who be fuck she . aldous I be go to ejaculate ! 103 . aaron this be bullshit . aldous ( 0.s. ) I be ejaculate ! ahhhhhh ! int . aaron and daphneas apartment Aaron rush back into the bathroom . aldous be somehow have sex with daphne 's face . or at least that 's what we have to assume . all the drive drop out of Aaron . aaron hey , guy . where do you want I to put you water ? daphne c’mon , baby , get involved . Aaron awkwardly try to get into the action . aldous oh boy ! oh boy ! oh boy ! I be go to ejaculate again ! aldous pull out and ejaculate . we do not see it . we just see Aaron 's face change . aaron what the fuck ? aldous what 's the problem ? aaron you get it on I , man ! Aaron be freeze in terror / disgust . aldous I do not mean to . that be a unintentional sperming . daphne hey , you gotta expect that kind of thing be go to happen in this sort of situation . aldous I be starve . I understand there 's a delicious diner around the corner . you interested , mate ? 104 . aaron nahhh , I be good , mate . I think I would rather stay here then watch you eat pancake after you have have sex with every part of my girlfriend and then jizzed on my leg now get the fuck out of here right now ! daphne hey , Aaron , let 's talk about this ! aaron I do not want to talk about this while he 's here ! and once he 's not here this be nothing we can talk about ! this can not be solve through discussion ! this be you cheating , right in front of I ! aldous I do not think it 's cheating when it 's a consensual threesome . daphne I think you be cool with the whole threesome thing . aaron that be not a threesome ! that be a twosome with I watch ! aldous you could have jump in . we be not be exclusionary . that 's against the rule . aaron this be not about rule or not rule ! this be about you fuck she right in front of I ! and why be you in this conversation ? why be you even here ? aldous leave the room . daphne I be sorry , Aaron , I do not mean for this happen . aaron you be the one who say you would be into a threesome ! 105 . daphne after you say it ! if you do not want to , why be not you honest about that ? I would have say no if you do not want to do it . aaron I should not have to say anything to get you to not have sex with another man ! aldous sexual more be just a thing of the past century . we be all live in a false construct . aaron get out ! aldous leave again . aaron ( cont 'd ) how could this happen ? we life be just go along at a great , awesome clip . why ? daphne I do not know . daphne and Aaron both start to tear up . aaron I want you to hug I even though you be have sex with a different guy like two minute ago . what be wrong with I ? daphne I want to hug you too . it 's ok . daphne and Aaron hug . aaron why be I let you do this ? get away from I , you ... you ... whore . neither Aaron nor daphne can believe he just call she a whore . daphne I be gonna go . 106 . daphne go . he notice that aldous 's black manpurse be still in the apartment . he pick it up and it spill open , revealing a box of needle . aldous walk in . aldous I forget my satchel . aaron you be jealous of my piddly life so you destroy it . Aaron take a needle out of the box and toss it at aldous . aldous woh . alright , mate . let 's just hand they over . aaron congrat . destruction complete . Aaron throw a second needle like a dart and nail aldous in the arm . aldous ow ! Aaron throw a third and fourth and fifth . they land in aldous 's leg , chest and right below he eye . aldous ( cont 'd ) what the hell , man ? aldous pull the needle out of he face and toss it back , stick Aaron in the arm . aaron hey , watch it ! aldous you have be throw they . aaron yeah , but that one be in you . now I have get whatever blood disease you have get . aldous take another and throw it at Aaron . suddenly they be in a full scale needle fight , toss needle back and forth with frighteningly fast abandon . aldous draw ! draw ! 107 . they stop . aldous throw another needle at Aaron . the needle fight start again . while throw needle , they say the follow thing -- aldous ( cont 'd ) do not you get it ! I be do ! the only person that ever love I hate I ! I be do make music ! I be do ! I might as well go kill myself ! aaron Fine ! go ahead , you big baby ! kill yourself ! you just fuck my girlfriend and then she dumped I ! I do not give a shit what you do ! and make sure to swallow all the pill ! if you swallow only half you just get sleepy ! better yet , shoot yourself , but make sure to do it in the head ! that way you will have the best shot at actually succeed in kill yourself ! aldous I be sorry if I have be a disappointment . I hope to one day make it up to you . aaron get out ! aldous leave . Aaron collapse on the couch . int . aaron and daphne 's apartment - evening chyron : thirty minute until the greek Aaron watch television , depressed . the phone ring . daphne hey , Aaron , it 's daphne . we should probably talk about what just happen . I be at my parent 's house . please call . I love you . like a lot . I be sorry . she start to cry and hang up . the phone ring again . he let it go to answer machine . sergio where the fuck be you guy ? he be suppose to be here -- 108 . Aaron pull the phone cord from the wall and throw it against the wall . a piece of the phone hit Aaron in the head . Aaron go into the bathroom . on the mirror there 's a note . he open the envelope . the note read : aldous ( v.o. ) dear Aaron . this be my last will and testament . since I have no kid or wife or really anything I be leave my estate to you . if you want to see I off , I 'il be jump from the Hollywood sign at nine , depend on traffic . I want my body to be cryogenically freeze , to be unfrozen when there 's a chemical cure for addiction or heroin become legal , whichever come first . your , aldous . p.s. I be sorry for make love to you girlfriend . that be do out of self - anger . p.p.s . I do not know if this last will and testament will hold up in a court of law . I apologize if it do not . in fact , the more I think about it the more unlikely it seem that it will . sorry , mate . Aaron take a beat . aaron fuck he . Aaron throw out the note . he look at a clock on the wall . it 's 7:00 pm . aaron ( cont 'd ) no , fuck he . int . bathroom Aaron take a shower . the radio 's on . NPR announcer it 's 8:00 pm and now for you traffic update . aaron fuck he . 109 . int . denny' - night Aaron 's at denny 's . he order a coffee . he look at he watch . it 's 8:30 pm . aaron fuck he . the waitress come over . aaron ( cont 'd ) ( chipper to the waitress ) be the corn pancake good ? waitress if you like corn . moment later Aaron wait for he food . he check he watch . it 's now 8:35 . aaron fuck he . the waitress return with the corn pancake , egg and bacon . aaron ( cont 'd ) thank you so much . Aaron look at he watch . it 's now 8:36 . aaron ( cont 'd ) fuck he . moment later : Aaron 's read LA weekly . he look at he watch . it 's now 8:37 . aaron ( cont 'd ) fuck he . his cell ring . Aaron jump . he look and see that it say '' daphne . '' he hit it to voicemail . he read the paper and see a ad for aldous snow at the Greek . he look at he watch again . it 's still 8:37 . aaron ( cont 'd ) fuck he . a bus boy clear a nearby table look at Aaron . Aaron look at he watch again . he stare as it change from 8:37 to 8:38 . 110 . int . aaron 's car Aaron be drive really fast . aaron fuck he fuck he fuck he fuck he fuck he fuck he -- his cell ring . it 's sergio . he hit it to voicemail . moment where Aaron be pull to the side of the road , very laboriously put in '' Hollywood sign '' in he point of interest in he gps device . aaron ( cont 'd ) fuck he fuck he fuck he ... Hollywood Tire ... Hollywood Dog track ... Hollywood sheepskin ... what the fuck ? why do not it just have the Hollywood sign ? ext . sunset boulevard Aaron pull up alongside a tour bus . tour bus driver who here 's a fan of the governator ? ( the tourist clap ) hasta la vista , State House ! the people on the tour bus laugh . aaron Excuse I , where 's the Hollywood sign ? tour bus driver I be sorry , you will have to pay for the tour to learn that information - aaron I say where 's the fuck Hollywood sign ? I will ram my car into you bus if you do not tell I right the fuck now ! ext . top of the hollywood sign - night Aaron pull up in he car . the clock on he car read 8:57pm . 111 . aaron fuck he fuck he fuck he fuck he fuck he fuck he ! Aaron jump out of he car . aaron ( cont 'd ) fuck he fuck he fuck he fuck he fuck he fuck he fuck he -- Aaron scramble down the desert hill . he reach a barb wire fence and try to climb over it , get catch in the barb wire . he jump down from the fence . aaron ( cont 'd ) ( while look for another open ) fuck he fuck he fuck he fuck he Aaron 's phone ring . it 's sergio . he hit send to voicemail . Aaron see a open in the fence . someone have clearly cut a open out . he crawl through the hole . ext . hollywood sign —- continuous Aaron be now down at the Hollywood sign . he see aldous stand on top of the '' h . '' aaron hey asshole , do not jump ! Aaron crawl down to the sign . aldous why not ? I have get nothing . I 'ma drug addict nothing . my friend be all addict or yes man . I can not even write music anymore . I be not even sure if I even ever could . most of my song be just ripoff of the Beatles and the clash . I be the nugget of shit that hang off the asshair of humanity . aaron no you be not . you can have sex with whoever you want whenever you want . aldous sex be not love . sex have get boring . ( more ) 112 . aldous ( cont 'd ) all I live for be get high . if I do not die from this I will die from a overdose . at least if I jump I be make the choice , not the drink and the drug . aaron jumping 's for pussy . jumping be what you do out of fear . you really go to be a pussy ? you really go to throw away the one thing God have give we , life , for nothing ? aldous I do not know you be religious . aaron I do not know it either until right now but I think I be and I think what you be do be downright immoral . in my one week with you I have see more of the world then I have in my entire twenty three year . do not throw it all away man . life be precious . do not just toss it away like a use needle . instead , take that needle and shoot up life instead . aldous why be you do this ? do you love I ? aaron no , I do not love you . I kind of hate you . aldous tell I you love I . aaron I love you in the way one be require to love all humanity . aldous tell I that you love I and I specifically , not just the general concept of humanity . beat . aldous move to the edge of the '' h . '' 113 . aaron I love you ... and you specifically not just the general concept of humanity . I love you , aldous snow . I love you . aldous I love you too , Aaron greenberg . I love you too . aldous , take a intentional Christ like pose , jump off the '' h '' and hit the dusty desert below with a resounding and sicken thud . he roll down the hill . aaron fuck you ! Aaron scramble down the hill after aldous . ext . bottom of the hollywood sign aldous roll down the hill , crash through a fence and -- ext . hollywood hill house pool and hot tub -- into a Hills house backyard , splash right into a hot tub . Aaron jump down and see aldous float in the hot tub . full screen chyron : minus two hour since the concert at the greek be supposed to start . aaron fuck you , man ! fuck you ! Aaron jump into the hot tub and flip aldous over . aaron ( cont 'd ) aldous ? aldy ? aldous ? Mr. snow ? he poke the body . no movement . he start perform cpr on aldous , gingerly breathe into aldous 's mouth and pump he chest . soon he cpr get more and more vigorous . aaron ( cont 'd ) ( with each pump ) fuck ! you ! fuck ! you ! you ! be ! a! Dick ! i! hope ! this ! do not ! work ! why ! do ! i! have ! mor! al ! 114 . aldous come to and suck in a breath . as aldous and Aaron talk , the hot tub slowly turn red with aldous 's blood . aldous I be alive . I be alive ! I can not believe I be alive ! you save I , Aaron . I can not believe you come and save I . aaron I only come because I do not want you death on conscience . I think that maybe I have go to jail if I do not show up . aldous I have completely change as a result of the love you have give I by save I . aaron as soon as you see a girl with big tit or a pound of hashish it 'il start all over again . aldous ( start to cry ) I look at you , Aaron , and I see pure love . you be the most beautiful person I have ever meet . aaron I be a enabler who be probably responsible for the fact that you have learn nothing and will be smoking crack within the next fifteen minute . aldous I be go to prove you wrong . that 's how I feel about you . because we be go to be best friend forever . aaron I will not because you fuck my girlfriend and screw I out of my job . aldous we can still make it . 115 . aaron it 's over , man . the show be suppose to start almost three hour ago . aldous I be always at least four hour late . my fan all know this . once , in Manchester , I go on at 2:10 am . perform for six hour . we can still make it . ( as they start to get out of the tub ) my arm hurt . Aaron look at aldous 's arm . the bone 's stick through . Aaron throws up on aldous . int . aaron 's car Aaron 's frantically drive aldous . aaron be you sure we should not go to the emergency room ? aldous it 's just pain . pain be fleeting . Love be forever . you have give I love so in turn I shall give you sobriety . from now on nothing 's more important to I than my sobriety . aldous open up he manpurse and downs a bunch of pain pill . aaron that 's the quick trip to hypocrisy maybe in history . aldous there be literally no way I can save you job right now without fourteen vicodin . my bone be stick out here . touch it . that 's bone . aaron please stop reference you bone . aldous touch he bone . 116 . aldous it 's so weird . you can not feel you bone if you touch it . it 's like touch a drumstick or something . Aaron gag . ext . greek theater - entrance Aaron and aldous pull up the driveway to the Greek past a giant sign that say '' aldous snow -- live for the first time in three year ! '' we hear boo from the auditorium . ext . greek theater - backstage Aaron and a limping aldous head backstage . the crowd be boo and party . sergio head towards they . * aaron he jump off the Hollywood sign and break he arm . also I be not gay . Fire I now . just be do with it . sergio * he can not perform in that shape . aldous be already on stage . aldous allo , Los Angeles ! be you ready to rock out ? the crowd cheer . sergio * I guess he can . congrat , greenberg . you be no longer a unpaid intern in the classical * music department . you have just be * promote . you will now be a assistant in the a&r department . aaron I be not a intern . I be from * Columbia Vancouver -- * sergio * no you be not . take it or leave * it . * aaron I just make you guy potentially million of dollar . I will not take it . sergio stare he down . aaron ( cont 'd ) I will happily take it . angle on the stage : aldous this song be dedicated to my good buddy Aaron greenberg -- get on out here . Aaron do not want to . aldous ( cont 'd ) get on out here , Aaron greenberg ! get on out here , Aaron greenberg ! the crowd start chant this as well . crowd get on out here , aaron greenberg ! get on out here , aaron greenberg ! sergio nod to Aaron . Aaron walk out onto stage . cheer . Aaron smile . aldous this man , while he do not save I from jump off the Hollywood sign , at least show up . even after I make love to he girlfriend . now that 's true friendship . the crowd do not know how to respond to this . aldous ( cont 'd ) I also wish to make a announcement . I be quit drug and the alcohol . the audience start boo . 117 . * * the crowd * 118. aldous ( cont 'd ) if anyone ever see I drink a beer or smoking a joint or do any other kind of control substance you have my legal permission to beat the live shit out of I . the crowd cheer like crazy . aldous ( cont 'd ) and a one ! a two ! a one two three ! aldous try to strum the guitar and howl in pain . aldous ( cont 'd ) that fuck hurt ! Holy shit that hurt ! ahhh ! aldous unwrap he bandage to reveal he bone . aldous ( cont 'd ) check out my bone ! check it out ! ahhh ! the pain !!!!! the band stop play . aldous ( cont 'd ) what be you do !? keep play ! they start play again . aldous begin sing and howling in pain all at once . aldous ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) Love explosion ! it 's a love explosion ! my love explode into you heart ! it explode all over you chest ! it 's awesome . the crowd go crazy . aldous begin jump up and down and then pass out on the stage . in a moment of odd enthusiasm , Aaron grab the microphone and motion for the band to start play . Aaron continue the song . aaron ( sing ) my love explode all over the Earth ! my love explode across the universe ! the crowd boos . 119 . aaron ( cont 'd ) well fuck you all too ! Aaron start proudly parade around the stage flipping they off as medic rush onstage to take care of aldous . Aaron rush over to aldous . aldous 's eye flutter open . aldous get you lady back , man . you be too much of a pussy to live in this world without she . ext . daphne 's parent house - night Aaron pull up to daphne 's parent 's house . it 's a nice house on the ocean in laguna . he run up to the door . not want to wake anyone up , he knock lightly on the door . then he finally hit the doorbell . a very long door chime version of '' lollipop '' play . Mr. bink open the door . mr . bink what the hell time be it ? aaron five a.m. be daphne here ? mr . bink I do not think she want to see you . aaron respectfully , sir , I do not care what you think . Aaron push past Mr. bink and into the house . int . daphne 's parent house - continuous Aaron head into the great room . aaron daphne ! daphne ! daphne and she mom come to the head of the stair . Aaron and daphne have this entire conversation in front of she parent . daphne Aaron ? what be you do here ? aaron I be sorry I call you a whore . 120 . daphne I deserve it . aaron no one deserve to be call a whore . not even a actual whore . I want to get back together . daphne I do too . desperately . aaron but only if you promise never to have sex with another man in front of I . daphne I will not . aaron and one other thing , I do understand what it take to be a creative type . and when you say I do not it 's condescending and bitchy and I do not like it at all and rather than whining about whether you sculpture will or will not sell or whether people will or will not like they you should just get a fuck gallery and show they already . as the sun rise through the window of they great room , daphne tear down the stair -- daphne I love you when you be honest . -- and kiss he . aaron while I be watch he there be nothing he be do that I could not physically do -- except for that one thing on the floor . I just would not have the courage to ask you . daphne you do not have to do every thing aldous do . but maybe one of the twelve thing . 121 . aaron great . so let 's go do this -- daphne I can not do it now . I have some kind of infection down there . I hate that fuck guy . it sting so bad . aaron I be so sorry , baby . Aaron hug daphne . mrs . bink ( oddly touch ) awww . aaron so when should we do this ? daphne I can have sex again in three week . aaron Three week be a long time from now . it will give I time to prepare mentally . int . aaron and daphne 's bedroom —- night chyron : exactly three week later . a nervous look Aaron look at something . aaron you sure you be ok with this ? daphne ( 0.s. ) for the third time , yes ! reveal daphne be tie up . aaron and you promise you will not be think of aldous while we be do it ? daphne ( probably lie ) I promise . ( more ) 122 . daphne ( cont 'd ) ( then ) now let 's get go already ! Aaron pull out he dustbuster . ext . aaron and daphneas apartment we hear the drine of the vacuum cleaner and daphne 's shriek of delight . ext . yosemite - day Aaron , aldous , and naple be hike . as they hike , aldous be suck down a sucrose gel pack . aldous I be just incredibly ground this day . eight month clean . aaron that 's really great . I be impressed . and it 's so great to see that you have reconnect with you son . naple I be not he son . aldous he 's just my mate . his dad 's actually Hugh grant . who know ? he 's stay with I for the month . his mother 's kind of a w-h-o-r-e . he suck down another gel pack . aldous ( cont 'd ) the point be I be finally live the clean life we be all mean to live and it 's all because of you . thank you , Aaron , for pull I back from the edge and show I the way towards a healthy , safe existence . pull back to reveal they be at the edge of a cliff . aldous ( cont 'd ) meet you both at the bottom ! aldous strap on a backpack and base jump off the cliff . Aaron and naple watch he drift down . 123 . naple at least he 's not on crack . aaron this be better than crack ? naple kind of . fade out . over credit : we see the youtube clip from the beginning . aldous be punch himself in the face . it 's horrific . then he reach into he mouth and pull out tooth after tooth , whipping each one at the audience .