get low written by Chris provenzano , Scott seeke &amp ; c. gaby Mitchell 1 ext . house - night 1 from a distance and through the tree we see a raging hell fire engulf a small two story house . it burn and burn . out of nowhere a man burst through a second story window , land hard and roll to smother he burn clothes . he crawl away and stagger up and for a moment look as if he might run back into the flame . but the heat be unbearable . he run toward we then past we through black shadow . we can not see he face , 1a ext . window - early morning ( winter 1930s ) 1a Glass in a weathered window glitter with early morning sun . a rock shatter one of the remain glass pane ! 2 ext . yard - early morning / continuous 2 the rock thrower , tom ( 10 ) be hightail it away from a isolate appalachian shack as the door bang open , a shotgun barrel appear , and a chicken come squawking out from under the porch ! think he 's sure to be shot , Tom run into the old barn ! 3 int . BUSH be barn - early morning / continuous 3 pant in terror , Tom be hunkere down in strip of light , try to see through the crack . there be a loud snort and the huge face of some kind of beast suddenly appear at he shoulder . Tom jump , panicked , just as a shadowy figure creep into the barn and level a glint shotgun at he ! Tom freeze , bend over , and throw up ! when Tom look up , a ray of light reveal the half face of a fierce gray bearded man , felix BUSH . he be hold out a handkerchief to the boy . shake hard , Tom hesitates then take it and wipe he mouth . Bush push open the door and give Tom a sad look that the boy will never forget before wave he away . 2 . 4 ext . BUSH be barn - morning 4 look back over he shoulder , Tom run for the road . two of he buddy be already kick up dust . BUSH ( 72 ) step into the sun and watch the boy run off with a look of mute anger , sadness , and something much deeper . 5 int . BUSH be barn - day 5 Bush enter the barn to check on he companion . mule be older than Bush in mule year and just as gray . he wear a old mule blanket everywhere to keep out the cold . he fidget nervously from all the excitement . Bush comfort he . bus h just a boy , that 's all . 6 series : 6 7 Bush rip down a old fade sign at the road and post a 7 fresh one : ' no damn trespass / beware of mule ' . Bush check the road in both direction . all clear for now . 8 Bush split firewood with powerful cleave stroke . mule 8 doze in the shade . Bush see a model - T approach and turn into he road , right past he new sign . he glance at he shotgun lean against the shack . the model - T come to a shaky stop . a man climb out , see Bush swinging the axe and approach with trepidation . horton mornin ' , sir . BUSH hard life if you can not read .. horton pardon ? I be uh , reverend Gus Horton , sir , how you do ? Bush stop he swing and turn and stare coldly at Horton . BUSH do not need save , preacher . 3. horton uh , well , Mr. wiley starke have pass on , sir . his funeral be tomorrow and I think you might want to know since .. BUSH ( softly ) what get he ? horton just get old , sir . BUSH yeah , well .. Bush return to chopping wood . feeling awkward , Horton hesitates , start for he car , stop . horton Mr. starke tell I that you and he run away from home when you be 6 year old . be that true ? BUSH I talk he into it . Bush do not turn , just keep chopping . horton well .. anyway .. i.. alright .. Horton shrug , get in he car , and leave . Bush strike the log hard and a cleave piece go fly . 9 ext . cemetery - evening 9 the loneliness of the empty cemetery be break by wiley starke 's fresh grave . the mound earth be cover with beautiful flower and wreathes , a loving send off from he family and friend . as we pan past the flower and card .. we realize that the cemetery be not quite empty . hunkere down nearby , Bush be as still as a gravestone , stare at the last rest place of he old friend . as Bush get up to leave he stop abruptly and stand freeze , stare at a pot of yellow flowers on a distant grave . now he turn and walk quickly away in the opposite direction . 4. 10 int . BUSH be shack - night 10 rain drum hard on the tin roof as Bush , soak to the bone and shaking with chill , rummages through a old hat box by lamp light : letter , news clipping and keepsake . he find what he 's look for : a picture of a beautiful young woman . she smile at we from happier day . realizing that he be raging with a serious fever , he try to stand up only to collapse back on the bed . 11 omit 11/12/13 11 14 ext . BUSH be shack - night 14 wrapped in he quilt and carry the oil lamp , Bush move slowly toward the barn . but he be so wrack with fever he have to stop . it stun he that he can not go on . he never think anything could stop he . stuck in the rain with the shaking lamp sizzling , he stare into the forever darkness , the muscle in he jaw rippling in the pale light . BUSH well hell .. 15 int . BUSH be barn - night 15 somehow he have make it . sopp wet and shiver , Bush be in bad shape and know it . mule see Bush and grunt anxiously as he rise . Bush blindly pour mule some feed and the poor old thing snatch he first meal in day . Bush try to think through the fever . he stumble back to the door and swing it wide open so mule can get out if Bush do not make it . satisfied , he come back and drop hard onto a pile of hay near mule . BUSH always think you would go first .. White as cotton , Bush stare into the lamp that be run out of oil , the light fade fast to darkness . thought tumble through he mind , troubling he , stir the dark water of memory . 5 . 16 ext . BUSH be barn - morning 16 pan across the stillness of the foothills to the barn . the door be still swing wide open . back from the brink of death , Bush emerge into the blind sunlight . mule be doze in he favorite spot . he swing he big gray head over at Bush . BUSH ahh , do not look so disappointed . 17 omitted 17 18 ext . BUSH be barn - morning 18 mule watch Bush heave a creaky old wagon out from behind the barn . mule climb up on all four . Bush get a set of rein and walk toward he . mule start to take a stroll , know what the rein mean . BUSH you better not . mule look back , see a apple in Bush 's hand , and stop . BUSH and coffee when we get there . 19 ext . MAIN STREET - day 19 Old wheel creak and moan . Bush and mule ease up Main street with the cart . people try to catch a glimpse of the infamous recluse . mule come to a weary stop , breathe hard . Bush climb off the cart and walk mule , ignore the eye upon he . 20 int . chapel - day 20 reverend Horton , stoke the wood stove , hear footstep . horton buddy ? 6 . but as he turn he see Bush silently look around . horton oh! hello .. Horton come to Bush but Bush ignore he and keep critically look around . horton what can I do for you , sir ? suddenly buddy and kathryn robinson ( 20' ) enter from the vestibule with they new baby . in they own world , and not realize that there be anyone in the chapel , Kathryn pick some lint from buddy 's jacket . he catch she finger and kiss they . Bush be transfix by the loving moment . BUSH I can wait . buddy and Kathryn see Horton and double- take Bush . buddy nod to Horton and he and Kathryn step back into the vestibule to give Bush and Horton privacy . horton it 's alright , have a seat . Bush sit down uneasily in a pew . Horton sit down in the pew in front of he and twist around to face he . the wintry light from the near window wash over they . horton what 's on you mind , sir ? BUSH Bout time for I to get low . horton get what ? BUSH down to business Bush reach into he overall and put a ball - up wad of money on the pew . Horton 's eye bulge . BUSH need a funeral . Horton look up from the money . 7. horton for who ? BUSH me. buddy peer around from the vestibule , listen , curious as hell , until Kathryn pull he back . horton for you ? ( off Bush 's impatient nod ) you want to buy a funeral for you ? BUSH be I not talk right ? horton no , yes , I be sorry . be you sick sir ? BUSH everybody die . horton true , but .. BUSH I do not take care of my bone it will not get do , will it ? horton all right , I see . well the church can help you get you affair in order , arrange a service .. Horton glance at the strange wad of money again . BUSH what would you say ? horton about what ? bus h me. horton a eulogy ? i.. do not know . what do you want I to say ? 8. BUSH say what you would say right now to my face . horton well . I uh , I do not know much about you , Mr. Bush . I mean , I have hear storey but .. BUSH what storey ? Bush lean in and stare into Horton . it feel like everything in the world stop dead . buddy peek in again , this time Kathryn peek too . horton just storey .. ( off Bush 's intense look ) . you know , people talk . BUSH what kind of storey ? say one . horton sir.. my mother use to say that gossip be the devil 's radio .. ( unfortunate aside ) . not that she do not play that radio at full volume now and then , bless she heart , but .. ( back to business ) . what matter when you come to the end of you life be that you be ready for the next one . have you make peace with God , sir ? bus h I pay . Horton have no idea what Bush mean . he look at the money , back at Bush . horton well .. you can not buy forgiveness , Mr. Bush . it 's free . but you do have to ask for it . BUSH nothing in this world be free , preacher . 9. Bush abruptly grab he money and start out . his hand bang into the pew and the money fall . buddy stare wild - eye at the big wad of money then drop back into the vestibule . Bush storm past buddy , Kathryn and the baby like a hot wind . 20a ext . church - day 20 a Bush head off down the road on he wagon . Horton , buddy , and Kathryn appear at the door and watch he go . horton that be , uh , different . kathryn I hear such awful thing about he when I be a kid . horton my mother probably tell you some of they . Kathryn go back into the church with Horton who be coo at the baby . buddy linger , stare at Bush , think .. 21 ext . MAIN STREET - day 21 Bush 's wagon load with bag of feed and supplies , sit in front of the diner . Bush be hold a big tin cup of coffee for mule who be drink it and loving it . Tom ( the kid who throw the rock ) come from behind the diner with a full garbage can to empty into the big trash barrel on the back of a old pick - up truck . he see Bush and freeze . Bush look up and stare at he . the diner door snap open and bonnie ( 30' ) , Tom 's mother , step out . she see Tom and Bush stare at each other . bonnie what be you do , son ? now Tom be scared to death that Bush be go to tell on he . bonnie do not like this stare match at all . 10 . bonnie empty that can in you daddy 's truck and get back in here . now . finally Bush drop he gaze and let Tom off the hook . relieved , Tom heave the can up into the truck . bonnie hesitates then go back into the diner just as ... .carl ( 30 ) , he sidekick , gary , and two other men come across the street toward the diner . Gary see mule slurping coffee from the big tin cup . gary look at that . a mule drink coffee ! carl finally find somebody that like bonnie 's coffee . as they move past , they see Bush stand there .. worker ya will better hush , that 's old Bush . Carl eye he . Gary and the other throw curious glance as they head into the diner . Carl stop . carl hey .. ( no response ) I be talk to you .. Carl pick up a handful of gravel , toss some over nonchalantly in Bush 's direction . Bush ignore it . carl we know about you . you stay out of this diner . there 's woman and child here and we do not want you around they . Bush stand to mount up , never turn around . carl you better hear I . I see you here again , I will .. hey ! hey ! hear the holler , Tom look up from the pick-up . Carl throw a stone , harder this time to get Bush 's attention . 11 . but the rock miss Bush and hit mule , startling he . Old instinct kick in and he have a violent fit . carl shit .. Carl move up to try and calm he .. .as Bush try to ease mule down the cart hitch grind a gash in mule 's hind -quarter . mule whinny painfully , slowly surrender . as Carl step up , Bush yank the brake handle off the cart and hit Carl in the chest . Air explode from Carl as he gasp with pain . before he can move , Bush hit he again in the same place . Carl want to hit back but he have no air . lightn quick , Bush step back and hit Carl again in the exact same place . Carl fall like a bag of bone . he look up and see Bush tower over he with a terrible bottled up darkness in he . it have all happen so fast it feel like a awful dream to Carl . tom daddy ! Wild with fear , bonnie and Tom run toward Bush . bonnie stop it !! get away ! Gary , the Worker burst from the diner but see the brake handle in Bush 's hand and slow down . Bush come to himself , see everyone stare , see Carl in tear , and now Tom and bonnie , try to get he away .. Gary and the other slowly move toward Bush . more patron step out from the diner . buddy race up , see mule bleed , and eye Bush as he grab the rein and lead mule down Main street , still hold the brake handle . carl ( gasping ) I will kill he ! bonnie shush he softly as Carl moan in pain . Tom stare after Bush , mirrore he father 's hatred . 12 . 22 omitted 22 23 int . funeral home - day 23 a empty casket , await its passenger in a small but serviceable funeral hall . through the office door , frank quinn sit at he desk , he head completely bury behind a paper that he shake hard every few second . his foot be up on the desk revealing a pair of lovely burgundy silk sock . 24 int . funeral home / office - same 24 Frank 's hand slip the flask next to he coffee cup into a drawer when he hear the front door open . but he face remain hide as buddy enter . buddy be troubled by the fight . buddy Frank ? ( off Frank 's grunt ) there be a fight . it be .. frank . let I guess . hmm. Carl ? buddy well yeah but this time it be with that old man Bush . frank Old man ? ( distantly hopeful ) be there a body ? buddy no , the old man do the beat . never see anything like it . frank Social event of the year and I miss it . Frank lower the paper so just he eye appear . he have no southern accent and do not look small town . 13 . frank read the paper today ? ( off buddy 's no ) something strange be happen in the world right now . buddy what ? frank people be die in bunch . ( off buddy 's look ) everywhere . but here . he put the paper down and study he sock . frank I wonder what the odd be of a funeral home go break ? I mean you have a business everybody on earth need , you can not make that work , it 's get to be you right ? and yet .. I do not know .. what do you do when people will not die ? buddy well .. frank onethingabout Chicago , people knowhowto die ; they drow , get runover , shot , whatever it take . buddy we get it do down here , we be just not in a hurry about it . frank it 's they or we . Frank sigh and stare forlornly out at a casket . buddy ( quietly ) I might know someone who be look for a funeral . Frank 's eye crawl over to he . 25 omitted 25 14 . 30 ext . / int . frontage road / franks car - day 30 the quinn funeral Home Packard hearse make it way down the road . Frank drive as buddy search ahead . frank how much do he have ? buddy it be all wad up . frank ooo , hermit money . that 's good . buddy see Bush 's sign . buddy there it be .. 31 int / ext . franks car / frontage road - day 31 they stop at Bush 's sign : ' no damn trespass . " Frank squint up at the old shack and do not like what he see at all . buddy open he door but Frank do not . buddy what be you do ? frank you have be want a shot at sale .. buddy but .. frank as of right now , you be on commission . ( off buddy 's look ) remember ; foot in the door , establish trust , and drop the hammer . buddy hesitates , crawl out , and eye the shack . buddy I would feel better if you would go too . 15 . frank no doubt but if you do not do this by yourself , you will not know if you be any good . and you will never be any good if you do not know you be . go get he ! 32 ext . BUSH be shack - day 32 as buddy uneasily approach the shack , he feel the beautiful stillness and mystery of the place . he knock timidly on the door , press a ear to listen . buddy hello ? nothing . he shoot a look back to the hearse - mile away , and knock a little louder . nothing . he inch to the window and peek in one of the remain glass pane then start to slide away .. click . buddy spin and discover Bush stand on the ground behind he , he shotgun barrel point between buddy 's eye . BUSH want to see in my house , do you ? boom ! Bush blow away several windowpane and re-aim at buddy 's head . BUSH how 's it look ? buddy close he eye , he last word be for he wife .. buddy oh , Katie .. it make Bush peek out from behind the barrel . bus h you be at the church with you wife and baby . buddy open he eye and can not believe he be still alive . buddy yes , sir . 16 . BUSH what the hell you do here ? buddy I can not remember . BUSH what ? they stand there while buddy think .. buddy oh yeah , I hear .. you want a funeral . BUSH funeral ? BUSH yes sir . I work at uh .. I work at .. ( try to think of it ) . quinn funeral Home . I think I could help you . Bush glance at he blow out window : ' damn ' . he lower he gun , walk up onto the porch . bus h you like rabbit ? buddy what ? Bush go inside . buddy look desperately back at the hearse but can not see Frank . he do not know whether to run for it or not . 33 int . BUSH be shack - day 33 the shack be spare as a monk 's chamber but have wonderful hand made furniture in it . BUSH sit down . there be only chair at the table so buddy dump the glass off a small stool under the window and sit down low . the wonder of not be dead make he look at everything with new eye . on a window sill he see a beautiful little carve mule emerge from a block of wood . 17 . Bush be at the stove tend to a iron skillet of rabbit piece cover with bacon and white gravy . BUSH it 's how you put thing together , see ? some thing go , some thing never will . Indians say that everything speak to they . that 's how they make medicine and know what to eat . thing talk to they clear as we talk . you believe that ? buddy I .. I do not know , sir . BUSH if you do not listen you will not hear nothing . Bush put the big skillet on the table and sit down . buddy be so low he can look under the table and see how the table leg run right into the top without screw or nail . buddy do you make this furniture , sir ? never see any like it . can not even tell what 's hold it up . BUSH Magic . buddy look up . Bush be dead serious . the word linger . finally .. buddy alright . well . Sir , if you do want to plan for a funeral service , which I hope will be a long long time away , we would treat you with respect and offer a good .. BUSH what would everybody say about what happen in town ? buddy I do not .. BUSH that crazy old son of a bitch try to beat a man to death for no reason ? that it ? 18 . buddy be catch off guard by Bush 's lucid candor and find himself automatically respond differently to he . buddy there 's two side to every story . as Bush put some rabbit on buddy 's old yellow plate .. BUSH people say that . but they do not mean it . they think what they think and they do not want to know anything else . buddy yes , sir , but I think people be so scared of what they do not know that they make thing up to feel better about it . BUSH like life after die . Heaven . buddy ( thinks ) I hope that part 's true , do not you ? ( beat ) but I do not think we know the actual truth about much of anything . I know I do not . I be just guess most of the time . Bush give buddy a closer look and motion for he to try the rabbit . fearing the worst , buddy bend into the steam , take a cautious bite and mutter with shocked surprise .. buddy Lord , that 's good .. bus h you boy be come out here to throw rock through my window for 20 - 30 year . buddy I never .. BUSH ya will know lot of storey about I ? 19 . buddy ( squirm ) yes , sir , I guess , but .. BUSH tell one . buddy I would rather not . Bush ease forward , he eye slit . the old Bush be back . BUSH I rather you do . buddy ( startle / lean back ) well . when I be kid I hear you kill some man in a fist fight . BUSH be that all ? Bush lean back stone - face . in the silence , buddy look over again at the wondrous carve of the mule on the window sill , at the big ear and long face that be be bear from the rough block . it make he smile . but when he glance back , Bush be stare a hole through he . bus h what 's you name again ? buddy buddy Robinson , sir . bus h well , if I need you -- I know where you be . it sound almost like a threat . it short buddy out . he stop eat and realize that Bush have take another turn and that he 's be dismiss . 34 ext . BUSH be shack - day 34 buddy head to the hearse , glance back over he shoulder . as he recall he encounter , he stop , look back at the shack . the old legend have get deep under he skin . 20 . 35 omitted 35 35a ext . bush land / field 35 a the morning sun break over the mountain . 36 ext . BUSH be shack - morning 36 Bush be on the porch , strain boil herb , grass , and bark into a jar . there be something not right with he and he know it . while the medicine cool he look out across the mountain and draw a deep breath . 37 ext . funeral home - morning 37 a well craft live - in home double as a funeral parlor . a sign , ' quinn funeral home ' , hang from the porch . frank ( o.s. ) oh yes ma'am , I do respect you wish but you see .. 38 int . funeral home / franks office - same 38 Frank be look a little hang over . buddy walk in . Frank point at the phone and roll he blood shot eye . frank .state law require .. no mar 'am , we can not bury he under the house .. there be a loud knock at the door . buddy go to get it . 39 ext . funeral home / front door - day 39 buddy swing the door open . Bush be stand there . buddy lean back unconsciously , not know what to expect . frank ( o.s. ) well just for argument 's sake , ma'am , how would we get the casket under the house ? no casket ? buddy ( to BUSH ) would you like to come in , sir ? 21 . Bush stare suspiciously into the room then back at buddy . frank ( o.s. ) but you have to have a container of some kind , ma'am for decency and uh , sanitation . Bush enter the funeral Home . as buddy start to close the door , Bush catch it . BUSH leave it . 40 int . funeral home - continuous 40 Frank be still on the phone and pour himself a drink from the flask into he coffee cup in the drawer . frank yes , ma'am , but there 's lot of natural thing that be not decent . ( listen , eye widen ) he do what ?! good God . no , ma'am , I do not know that about you husband . well , yeah now I understand why you want he under the house but still .. the phone go dead . frank sigh as Bush walk in . buddy Frank quinn , Mr. Bush . Frank take a quick swallow from he cup to fortify himself , then jump up , smile , and go to Bush with he hand out . frank come in , come in , pleasure . coffee ? as Bush shake Frank 's hand , he stare into he , take everything in , he bloodshot eye , the wrinkle shirt beneath he suit , he breath . Frank feel downright naked . BUSH you from anywhere ? frank a little bit of everywhere , I guess . get he a chair , buddy ! buddy stand behind the wait chair . 22 . Bush scrape up a different chair . Frank go behind the desk . buddy pull up a chair . Bush reach into he coat and pull out the wad of hermit money and lay it on the desk . Frank do something phenomenal . he ignore the money . frank how can we help you , sir ? Bush give buddy a look , then look back at Frank who steadfastly refuse to look at the ball of money . BUSH I be after a funeral . frank Boy , be you in luck . ( getting up ) follow I . 41 int . funeral home - day 41 Frank and buddy stand with Bush in a room dedicated to sale . Three casket be line up for display . all tank . Bush step up to a cheap cloth cover box , bang it with he knuckle , and scowl . Frank point to a wooden casket . frank solid pecan , steel handle .. Bush eye it , repulse . buddy Mr. Bush be a amazing carpenter . BUSH forget the box . what else ? frank whatever you want , flower .. BUSH no . frank burial plot .. BUSH get it . 23 . frank a service ? BUSH Party . frank a what ? BUSH a party . buddy what kind of party ? BUSH funeral party . stumped for once in he life , Frank look at buddy . then year of hone instinct surge back to life . frank we can do that . 42 int . funeral home / office - day 42 as they come back into the office .. BUSH and I want to be there . Frank go behind he desk . buddy and Bush start to sit .. frank you will be , I guarantee it . BUSH I want to be there now . buddy you want to be at you funeral .. party .. alive ? ( off Bush 's nod ) but .. it 's not a funeral if you be not , you know , decease .. frank hold on now , it 's a detail , we can look at it . buddy pretty big detail . 24 . Frank cut buddy a look then smile at Bush . frank so you would like to have a funeral party while you be alive so you can go ? BUSH yes or no ? frank yes . buddy be lose . frank buddy , get some paper . we need to make of list of who Mr. Bush want to invite .. as buddy start to get up . BUSH sit down . buddy sit right down . BUSH I want everybody to come who 's get a story to tell about I . frank say again . buddy that probably cover 4 county .. Bush shoot he a look . Frank shoot he a look . buddy think about how great a outdoor life would be . BUSH then I want 4 county worth of people at the party . frank well , sir , the thing be , how would you get people to come and tell storey about you that I be guess might get they , you know .. shot ? Bush scoops up the ball of money and head out . now all Frank can see be the money , leave . 25 . frank you know what , you go ahead , do not worry about it , we will think of something . a couple of idea just come to I . buddy like what ? 43 ext . funeral home - day 43 as Bush start out the open door , he nearly bump into buddy 's wife , Kathryn , and mattie darrow . mattie be carry Kathryn and buddy 's baby boy . Frank see mattie and flick he hair back nervously and quickly brushes he tooth with he finger as .. . Bush give mattie a glance and try to be invisible . mattie Felix ?! feign deafness , Bush walk on . sense something , Kathryn take the baby so mattie can go after he . mattie Felix ! say hello to I ! Frank , eye wide with surprise , mouth , " Felix ? " . Bush 's shoulder hunch then fall as he turn . he look into she , take everything in . when he speak he eye and voice be soft . BUSH hey mattie . buddy come out , surprised to see mattie and Bush together . Frank walk up behind he and scowl . Kathryn steer they back inside to give mattie privacy . BUSH Heard you move off . mattie I have be back a while . BUSH ( looking away ) well . 26 . mattie how be you ? BUSH you look like you always do . he abruptly rip himself away and be go . 44 int . funeral home - day 44 buddy and Frank be peek out the window . they see mattie stand alone as Bush walk away . frank how would she know he ? kathryn ( o.s. ) it 's none of we business . frank so ? we get to know . Kathryn shake she head and go back outside . frank have another look at mattie then let the curtain fall back . frank see the size of that thing ? buddy what ? frank what do you mean , what ? goddamn ball of money ! he want a party with pink balloon on he ear , we be gonna give it to he . buddy but .. frank I sell 26 of the ugliest car ever make one December , in Chicago , with wind blow so hard up my ass I be farting snow flake in July so do not tell I we can not do this . buddy but .. 27 . frank that 's the last " but " I want to hear out of you . you be a salesman now , sell ! frank ( look out again ) she call he Felix . 45 ext . funeral home - day 45 Kathryn rock the baby in a carriage . mattie be beside she . mattie a thousand year ago he be the most interesting man I would ever meet . kathryn get out of here . mattie he be . and I do not mean just the way he look . kathryn I hope not . mattie oh no , listen , he be beautiful . kathryn be you serious ? mattie ( sigh / thinks ) most people be just laid out nice and simple , you know ? you always know what they be think and where you be with they . but he be this .. big old cave that go deeper and deeper . you would never get to the end of he . kathryn good Lord , you have a crush on he ! mattie all the girl do . I know he 's something wild that crawl out of the hill once in a while and get into trouble now but there 's still nobody like he . 28 . 46 ext . BUSH be barn - morning 46 Bush come out of the barn . Frank and buddy be there . frank we have a plan . all we need be a little bit of you time . BUSH what for ? buddy see it be better than hearing about it . Bush look at the hearse , back at buddy and Frank . BUSH how much be it gonna cost ? frank ( to buddy ) do you say anything about money ? ( touch he own chest ) I do not say anything about money . ( to BUSH ) if we can not get you what you want you do not owe we anything . 47 int . hearse - day 47 Frank , buddy , and Bush ride in the front seat of the hearse . they be together but in very different world . they do not even look at each other when they talk . buddy be lose in serious think . Frank be preoccupy about the deal and drive too fast . Bush be scrunch up to the door . he be go much faster than he be use to go . he kinda like it and kinda do not . BUSH it move , do not it ? frank ( distracted ) this be nothing . 29 . BUSH Fancy car for the dead . frank do not buy it for they . buddy ( out of nowhere ) we say that funeral be " for the live " but we forget what that mean sometimes , I guess . ( to Bush but almost to himself ) I be think about you funeral party before I go to sleep last night and I think I understand it a little now . when I be a kid , my folk where kill in a bad car wreck and the people at the funeral home ... they do the impossible as far as I be concerned . I do not know what I would have do without they . and I remember wishing that my mother and daddy be there to see how beautiful they make everything . Frank be hearing this for the first time and be shocked . Bush glance softly at buddy then look out the side window at the world rush by too fast . all at once he give in to it . 48 ext . town STREET - day 48 the hearse pull up on main street . Frank , buddy , and Bush get out and head toward feldman 's clothing store . 48a int . feldman' clothing store - day 48a Frank and buddy enter the store and find mr . feldman and a photographer set up a large camera and backdrop . as they turn to show Bush what be happen they see he go by the window outside . frank where 's he go ? 49 omit 49 30 . 50 int . tollerude's barber shop - day 50 a barber 's drape fall over BUSH who be seat in a chair . Frank and buddy rush in . the barber , a anxious Mr. tollerude , pump Bush 's chair upward . frank ( to BUSH ) I wish you would not do that yet . Bush give he the hairy eyeball then speak to Mr. tollerude , a clear threat . BUSH do not leave I naked . frank Mr. Bush , you can get all the hair cut you want after we take you picture , I will pay for it . Mr. tollerude do not know whether to cut or not . BUSH why you want my picture make ? buddy that 's what we be try to tell you . we be gonna run a ad in some papers about you party and put up poster of you . BUSH and you want I to look like this ? frank yes . BUSH why ? frank why ? buddy it 's how people recognize you , sir . frank and you want as many people to come as possible so .. 31 . BUSH so a crazy old nutter draw more . frank basically . do not you think ? BUSH do you ever say what you mean ? Bush rip the bib off as tollerude whoosh he to the floor . 51 int . feldman' clothing store 51 Bush be seat in front of a backdrop paint with a bridge , a swan , and a pond . the photographer be try to tidy up Bush without offend he . as he walk back to camera , Bush rough himself up and look truly wild . buddy snicker . when the photographer get back to the camera , he cock he head , what ?! frank take it . ( lean in to buddy ) I would go see that . 52 int . tollerude's barbershop - day 52 Mr. tollerude , nervous as hell , bring Bush up from he recline position and turn the chair to the mirror . Bush study he well trim hair and beard for a moment . it 's impossible to tell what he thought be as he look into he own eye . buddy and Frank be in the mirror too , stare at he . buddy ( genuinely surprised ) damn . you look pretty good .. Bush suddenly get up and nod at Frank . BUSH he 's pay . as Bush blow out the door , Mr. tollerude lean against the chair with relief . 32 . 53 int . feldman' clothing store - day 53 Bush stand in front of a full length mirror . he have on a decent black suit , pin to be hemmed , and a plain white shirt , open at the collar . it be a startling change . but we still can not tell what he be think . buddy be stare at he with honest disbelief . Frank be quietly try to get Mr. feldman to lower the price for the suit . he look over and double - take Bush . frank Son of a bitch , it 's almost worth it . BUSH ( to buddy ) what do you think ? buddy I would not know you , sir . BUSH maybe the Devil will not either . might work out . ( to frank ) where 's the shoe ? frank well , normally people do not wear shoe in a casket so .. ( off Bush 's scowl ) . what be you , about a 10d ? 54 int . feldman' clothing store - moment later 54 buddy stand beside Frank who be still try to get a deal on the clothes . Bush walk up with two pair of pants and two new shirt , put they on the counter , give Frank a hard look , and walk away . Frank look down at the clothes , over at buddy . frank pretty optimistic take a change of clothes to the grave . ( call over he shoulder ) how you set for underwear ? BUSH ( o.s. ) do not wear none . 33. frank one question too many . 55 omit 55 56 int . hearse - day 56 everyone be back in the hearse . something be eat at Frank . frank I do not mean to be nosey but uh .. how do you know mattie ? BUSH she 's a peach . Frank and buddy cut Bush a look . he look ahead . BUSH we have a go . Frank nearly drive off the road . 57 int . funeral home / franks room - night 57 late night poker . cigarette smoke drift into the air . Frank , Carl , Rev. Horton , mattie , and ray , a banker , be at the table . Ray have the untouchable presence of someone privileged which appear to be drive Frank up a tree tonight . Horton gather up he winning . horton " the Lord love a cheerful giver .. " mattie oh please .. you think the Lord 's take side in a poker game in a funeral home ? Horton shrug and point to the divine evidence . frank if he be , the Divine 's cheating . ray exactly . frank do not agree with I Ray , it make I doubt myself . 34 . Ray sigh and study he perfectly cut nail . ray I would have turn down you loan if you be my own dear mother , Frank . frank you make my point and do not even know it . mattie Jesus , would you two stop it ! you be worse than two old woman .. Ray shrug , sweetly blase . Frank try to rein in he temper for she . the loss of the hand be especially hard on Carl who have only a couple of dollar leave . carl ( to frank ) what be you do with that old bastard in town today , anyway ? ray oh yes . buying he clothes , get he a haircut .. on credit . Frank shoot he a look . horton take out ad in a bunch of papers too , something about a party ? frank God , I love small town . mattie who be you talk about ? ray that hermit , what 's he name .. frank ( a know look at mattie ) " Felix " Bush . mattie you be give he a party ? frank a funeral party . 35 . mattie whatever you be drink be not be good to you at all . carl what the hell be a funeral party ? frank hey , the man want to be at he own funeral . what can I say ? I would like to be at my funeral so I could tell my ex- wife to kiss my .. mattie what make you think she would show up for you ? frank because , dear , vulture be constitutionally unable to ignore the dead . mattie grin which delight Frank , no end . Horton stop count he money and stare at Frank . horton it 's that big wad of money of he you be after . there be a crack in Ray 's disinterest that he try to hide . ray what money be that ? mattie Felix have money ? everyone be look at Frank but he shuffles the card . horton he come to see I , want a funeral , have a big old greasy ball of money . talk like he think he could buy he way to heaven with it . ray ( seriously ) how much have he get ? maybe he can . hear that Bush want or need a real funeral mattie be suddenly truly concerned . 36 . mattie be he sick , Gus ? Horton shrug . Frank note the concern and do not like it . Carl cough and he rib make he break out into a sweat . carl I will tell you one damn thing , be not nobody gonna go to a funeral for that son of a bitch . mattie give Carl a look horton Language .. frank they might . he 's invite everyone who have a story about he to come . you could tell about he kick you ass , Carl . Carl look at Frank as if he want to cold cock he . ray Old man be go to ride the weird train right into the ground , be not he ? frank would not you like to know what everybody say about you behind you back , Ray ? ( off he look ) yeah , probably not . horton I already know way more about people than I need to . mattie or want to . horton amen . frank let 's play some card . 37 . ray oh for God 's sake , face it Frank , you be break . this be not about card . it 's a declaration mean to embarrass Frank in front of everyone . Frank feel they eye on he as he start to pull off he watch . Ray wave it off . ray please . I have win that 4 time already . frank it 's who have it last that count . carl say what you want but if there have not be anybody there the other day he would have kill I . and I guarantee you it would not have be he first time . it sound true and everyone be quiet except mattie . mattie everybody know you start it . ( off he glare ) do not look at I like that . I remember when you be bear . you be the sweetest little boy . what be wrong with you ? momentarily shame , Carl 's face soften and we can see a better man there . he struggle to hold on to it but .. carl I make a mistake . but there 's a line .. and he cross it .. and everybody know that too . ya will go on and have a party with the devil for he money but I will dance on he grave someday . Carl snatch he few dollar up and head out . horton you kind of hate to admit it when it come to Carl but he 's get a point . you do not know what Bush be do . what if he just want to get everybody in one place so he can turn he shotgun on they ? 38 . mattie he would not .. horton I look in he eye . the truth be nobody know what he 's capable of . maybe even he do not know . she look into he . Frank start to deal the card . ray go ahead and lay you watch down , Frank . but I be go to keep it this time , alright , on principle . frank I get a idea . let 's try something different . ( to ray ) the card in you sock ? leave them there . everyone freeze . Ray shake he head . ray what be you try to pull now ? frank you really think you be that good that nobody see ? ray see what ? frank you cheat at everything you do . even at the bank , you loan people just enough to get them deeper in so you can foreclose on they . ray you be a pathetic man . and a goddamn .. frank be I ? then stand up and roll down you sock . ( a deep dark look ) stand up or I will stand you up . Ray look around the table and suddenly realize that he be irreversibly expose and alone . the sound of Frank 's chair scraping the floor make he jerk up . 39 he walk out , try to find he old confident rhythm and fail . everyone sit in uneasy silence . 58 int . hallway - night 58 Horton wave and walk out , leave the door open . Frank walk mattie to the door , help with she coat , try to work up he nerve to say .. frank I will walk you home . mattie no . thank you . frank ( hurt ) you sure ? ( off she firm nod ) you be not go to play anymore , be you ? mattie oh , I do not know . thank you for invite I though . frank I be sorry about the .. we do not always fight , okay , we do , but he 's have that come for .. mattie it 's not that . I just ..( trail off ) frank you come because you do not know what to do with yourself . ( off she look ) I sleep on the same side of the bed my whole life , right ? but after my wife leave I , I switch side , just like that , and never be able to go back . mattie when someone you love be go , you can pour everything , even a lifetime of thing into the place where they be but it 's still always empty . 40 . he see that she thought be not with he at all but a million mile away . she hardly glance up when she say .. mattie ' night . he stare after she , wishing that she could see he the way he see she . 59 omit 59 60 int . BUSH be shack - night 60 dim lamp light glow . we see Bush sit on the edge of the bed wiping the sweat from he face with a sheet . he look up at the picture of the beautiful woman . 61 int . buddy house - night 61 buddy sit in the dark , rock he son who be asleep . a small lamp cast a shadow across they . Kathryn come in . kathryn I do not hear he wake up . buddy he do not . kathryn ( kneeling down ) everything 's all right , hon . buddy I be glad you do not know how quick it can change . she gently kiss he arm and the baby 's head . buddy look at she , haunt by the very possibility of they absence . 62 ext . STREET - day 62 mattie be stand on the sidewalk at feldman 's store with she coat collar pull up against the cold , give someone we can not see a bemuse affectionate scolding .. mattie good Lord . have you completely lose you mind ? ( more ) 40a . mattie ( cont`d ) straighten up for heaven 's sake before somebody throw a net over you ! but she smile in spite of herself , glance around to see if anyone be watch and move discretely on . as she do we see that she be talk to a strike wanted poster of a wild man sit in front of a pond , a swan , and a bridge . the text read : 41 . mysterious hermit of caleb county throws a funeral party ! everyone be invite . music ! food ! stories ! dancing ! 63 int . wcgm radio station - night 63 a tiny place , cramped with radio gear . buddy and Frank peer through a glass window into a small control booth . ( we will cut back and forth between the glass ) buddy be have misgiving about be here . but Frank give the thumb up to the young wcgm announcer in the booth , a hopeful kid with a smooth voice and dream of the big-time . the announcer hand Bush a set of headphone . Bush be wear he new clothes and truly look like a different man . Bush be puzzle by the headset . the kid take it and clamp it onto Bush 's head . he start to yank they off then hear a song play inside he head and love it . but now the announcer cut the record off and Bush scowl . announcer Friends , we have a treat for you today on wcgm . we special guest be go to tell we about a event that everyone be talk about . and here he be , Mr. Felix Bush , the mysterious hermit of caleb County ! how be you today , sir ? BUSH I be . Bush be surprised by the sound of he own voice . announcer so tell we , sir , exactly how do you come up with the idea of have a funeral party before you die ? BUSH I dream it . 42 . announcer really ? BUSH why would I make that up ? two second of dead air as the announcer find he foot . announcer okay . now I have to say that you do not look quite like you do on the poster . BUSH I get prune . announcer well , you be a bit of a local legend , sir . I be a little nervous about we interview . I have hear some pretty wild storey .. BUSH like what ? announcer well uh , just .. from what I understand , you want everyone who have a story about you to come and tell it . be that right ? BUSH you come and tell yours . announcer thank you . now how long have you be live out there by yourself ? 64 int . mattie darrow house - night / continuous 64 mattie be cut the stem of some lovely yellow flower and arrange they in a vase . BUSH ( o.s. ) 40 some year . announcer ( o.s. ) 40 year with nobody to talk to ? BUSH ( o.s. ) first 38 be the hardest . 43. mattie grin . 65 int . wcgm - continuous 65 announcer but why would you do that , Mr. Bush , shut yourself off like that ? Frank be not happy with this but buddy want to hear . BUSH come to the funeral and maybe you will find out . announcer you hear it here on wcgm , folk , find out the answer to the mystery February 16 .. BUSH one more thing , boy . frank and buddy tense . what 's this ? 66 int . darrow house - continuous 6 6 mattie tense at the sound in Bush 's voice . BUSH ( o.s. ) gonna be a draw . announcer ( o.s. ) what kind of draw , sir ? BUSH you buy a ticket for $ 5.00 the day of the funeral we draw name . then when I die , the winner get my place , 300 acre of timber that have not be touch in 40 year . mattie accidentally cut a bloom off of a flower . 67 int . wcgm - same 67 Dead air . the kid , Frank , and buddy be all stare at Bush . announcer for 5 dollar ? 44 . BUSH send it to the quinn funeral Home . Frank 's eye light up like fiery pinwheel and he almost yelp ! buddy look oddly perplex and sad . announcer you hear he ! if you want a chance to win 300 acre of virgin timber worth thousand and thousand of dollar , send 5 dollar along with you name and address to .. ( off Frank wave and point to himself ) Frank quinn at quinn funeral Home . as the announcer begin a song , Bush move he head in time with the music . Frank and buddy rush into the control booth . frank ( to BUSH ) I could almost kiss you on the mouth ! announcer I will take a ticket . buddy you be betting on a man die .. announcer I do not mean it like .. frank hey , it 's he idea ! they look at Bush who have take off the headset and look at it like he want to take it home . frank it 's what you want , right ? BUSH ( to buddy ) buy a ticket , son . 68 int . darrow house - same 6 8 mattie put the vase of flower on table with a group of family photograph . the picture beside the vase be the same photograph of the beautiful woman that Bush have . be it mattie ? it look a little like she . 45 . insert photo : the beautiful young woman stare at we as we pull back to reveal that we be now look at the identical photo tack to Bush 's wall . 69 omit 69 70 ext . BUSH be barn - late day 70 Bush start out of the barn , draw back , and peek through the wall board : a figure approach . he jerk .. reveal mattie walk BUSH mattie ? mattie Felix ? mattie enter , strain to see into the barn . her eye adjust to find he stand near mule . she be startle and pleased by he new do . mattie look at you . I wonder if you be still under that beard . BUSH be not nowhere else to go . mattie I hear you on the radio . BUSH well . mattie you have get downright chatty . BUSH I reckon so . mattie ( glancing around ) this be nice . I drive by a few time after I get back but .. BUSH you want to see it ? 46 . mattie do you want I to ? 71 ext . BUSH be land - day 71 the first stop on the tour be a small fence grave site near the shack . Three grave marker with name carve into they : keeper , charlie , maude . Bush be squatting down stare at the marker . mattie stand close beside he . since he attention be elsewhere she look at he in a unguard way . her mind be full of question , old and new . BUSH you always know where you stand with a dog . want to lay here with they someday if they will have I . 72 ext . BUSH be land - day / later 72 mattie and Bush walk side by side through the last of the glimmer light and shadow beneath the tree . it be a chilly and mattie 's cheek be flushed . she be enchant by the place . Bush try to hide how wind he be .. mattie it really be beautiful . probably look like this everywhere a hundred year ago . BUSH you leave thing alone , they know what to do . mattie like you ? BUSH no , ma'am . I do not know what to do about anything much . mattie you have be alone a long time . BUSH some people be more suite to it than other , I reckon . 46a . mattie that 's funny cause I never think that it would suit you . I know you would not be like anybody else but .. no one to talk to , no one to .. be with .. never . he look into she then look away at something . BUSH how you sleep this day , girl ? mattie how be I what ? 47 . BUSH you sleep good ? mattie no , not lately . how would you know ? he veer off the path and pull up a plant and bring it back to she . BUSH chamomile , it 's good when the night get long . help you nod off . she take it and smile up at he . BUSH want to go on a way ? mattie yes . BUSH would you stay for supper ? mattie I do not want to be any trouble . BUSH a supper guest every 30 - 40 year be not much trouble , girl . mattie alright then . he hold out he arm . BUSH better stay close , some big old wild cat be eat my chicken .. she look around and take he arm . BUSH .or maybe it be I .. she snort and slap he arm but do not let go .. 73 omitted 73 48 . 74 int . BUSH be shack - night 74 they enter the dark room together . Bush light a lantern , get a chair from a corner and hold it out for she . she sit and watch he check a cast iron pot on the warm stove and put a log on the fire . she notice the beautiful table . mattie you always be good with you hand . he put a glass of tea in front of she and sit down . BUSH you still play the piano ? mattie I teach a few girl . BUSH I get a good feel when you play . remember that time you be play and the lamp burn out ? and you go right on in the dark ? I hear that song sometimes at night . she shrug shyly and sip the tea . second tick by . mattie sure be quiet out here . BUSH ( cock he head ) what ? mattie I say it 's .. ( stop / get the joke ) I try to write you at time but I do not know what to say . BUSH well . I hear you marry . mattie he be a Doctor ; a real good man . we live in St. Louis for awhile . he die unexpectedly about a year ago . I come back here because .. I have no idea why . ( sip tea / think ) ( more ) 49 mattie ( cont 'd ) the list of people who be go be get longer and longer and sometimes I feel like all I be do be wait for my name to come up . BUSH you have a tender heart , always do . she give he a curious look . BUSH you can not wait for anything , mattie . Close you eye , hold you breath .. stay in one spot you whole life , but you be still move , like the world 's move under you . there 's no wait . mattie and there 's no get over some thing either , be there ? BUSH reckon not , Little bit . mattie Little bit ?! oh my God , nobody 's call I that in .. but suddenly she be lift from the chair as if by strong rope . she stare at the wall as she walk toward Bush 's bed . Bush be stricken and white . he would stop she if he could but it be too late . she walk right up to the picture at the edge of the lamp light and stare into it as if it be a mirage that will disappear if she blink . finally she whirl and look at he , she face a torture mask . a strangle sob escape she . he get up and stand there stare at the floor . suddenly she be move toward he and then past he and out the door . her shadow merge with the darkness . Bush stand with he head down , stare into oblivion . 75 omit 75 50 . 76 omitted 76 78 int . funeral home / office - day 78 buddy come in frown and lug a heavy mail sack . what the hell ? he look up and see more sack dumped on the desk . Frank be grin and rip open envelope from the sack and each one have 5 dollar in it ! buddy look down and see even more mail sack on the floor ! frank Jesus , kid ! buddy yeah ! but , but it 's not we money . frank well yeah , no , but some of it 's gonna be ! we be put this thing on ! Frank rip open two more envelope and dollar bill rain down to the floor . he 's beside himself . buddy eye he warily . buddy he should be here . I be gonna go get he . they lock eye . Frank finally toss he the hearse key . 79 omitted 79 80 int . funeral home / office - day 80 buddy , Frank , and Bush be stare reverently at the money stack across the desk and the full paper sack all around the desk . Bush eye buddy who be still quiet . 51 . frank I do not know exactly how much you land 's worth but look to I like you could get maybe 10 time that or more . I do not know what to do with it . I mean it 's yours to do with what you want but I be get a little nervous about it . never think I would see enough money to make I nervous . we should probably talk about the price for everything , the clothes , the ad , the food and drink for the party , the music .. we fee for everything , we will be fair about that , I be not worried about it . Bush be look at buddy who be look across the room . BUSH what do you think , boy ? buddy jerk , look at Frank , at Bush . buddy money make people do funny thing . Frank scowl . buddy I think you should probably put it in the bank , sir . frank no ! Ray be not .. ( off Bush 's look ) I mean , if it be my money I would put it in a bank out of town so everyone do not know my business . this bank here , you can not trust , that 's all I be say . BUSH can I trust you ? frank every name , every dollar , be right there ! BUSH not what I ask . 52 . frank I have do a hell of a job for you . I do not see why .. buddy Mr. Bush , I do not mean to imply .. BUSH hush . frank I have sell horse , car , house , hell , pocket watch pin to the inside of my coat . I be not ashamed of it . I do not rob bank , do not cheat at card , and I sleep all right the night I sleep . what be the question ..? BUSH they goddamn .. he nod at the money and suddenly become the " other " Bush . BUSH take out for the expense you have already have and give I the receipt . as the bill come in for thing , give they to I and I will pay they . put this money in a box and the boy and I will take it someplace in the morning . whatever new come in , keep it in the bottom of one of they ugly casket in there ' till I come get it . after the party , name a fair price for what you have do and we will settle up . ( walking out ) I will be at the car . after he 's go , Frank and buddy stare at each other . frank be it just I or be he extremely fuck articulate when he want to be ? buddy I do not know who 's sell who what anymore . 53. frank it 's not clear , be it ? buddy not only that but something feel really wrong . frank hold on . I tell you that you be work on commission .. buddy yeah , but .. frank so whatever we end of this be , you get a piece . buddy a piece ? frank half . it could help set you up , buddy . so whatever feel wrong be gonna feel right pretty damn quick , okay ? we just have to close it out . from here on , watch I , do what I do , and we will be fine . buddy but .. frank he want you to go with he to take this money somewhere which mean that it 's you he trust . and that 's fine because I trust you too . just do not trust he , okay ? buddy I be lose again . frank look , that funny feel you have .. I have it too . and it 's not funny . so go along , be friendly , but that 's it . ( beat ) there 's a euphoria that come with close a deal , buddy , and the bigger the deal , the higher you get . it 's better than anything . ( more ) 54 frank ( cont 'd ) but the critical time be just before it close . it 's like a witching hour and everything try to come apart . we be not go to let that happen . buddy all right . frank now go . ( as buddy start out ) you know .. I always wonder why you want to work here . I think you could do a lot better . ( off buddy 's look back ) I do not know about you folk , I be really sorry . buddy thank you . he go on . Frank turn and flip through a large stack of bill , hungrily entrance . 81 int . buddy house / bedroom - night 8 1 buddy 's son be cry he heart out . Kathryn come in unbuttone she blouse , pick he up , sit down , slip she blouse off she shoulder , bring the boy to she breast and voila , he sorrow miraculously vanish . buddy appear in the doorway , he eye soft with love . buddy I might have a cry fit come on too . kathryn be that right ? buddy feeling a little weepy . kathryn you boy .. buddy ( lean against door frame ) I can maybe do something really good for we , Katy . 55 . kathryn you already have . buddy I mean , money wise . kathryn about Mr. Bush ? buddy yeah . I be get half of whatever we make off of he . kathryn so why be not you happy about it ? buddy do not know I be not . ( off she look ) I be happy for a minute . and then the whole thing of make a carnival out of a person 's death , I do not know if it 's right . kathryn be it what he want ? buddy he say it be . kathryn you be not responsible for what other people do , buddy , just you . buddy you be right . you be always right . kathryn at least I be when I be half naked . buddy right . 82 int . mattie' house - night 82 a very determine little girl be work she way through a song on the piano that be unrecognizable in this form , even to she . mattie sit just behind the girl with tear in she eye , not really listen . on the table beside the piano be a stack of picture album and old yellow newspaper article . 56 . 83 ext / int bush shack / hearse - morning 83 sitting in the hearse outside of Bush 's shack , buddy watch Bush get in the car with he shotgun . there be a big wooden box of money on the seat between they . Bush prop he shotgun against it . buddy where to , sir ? BUSH North . buddy ( start the hearse ) how far ? BUSH till I say , son . buddy give he a uneasy look and pull off down the tree - line path . 84 ext . road - day 84 the hearse slip around the narrow road that cut through mile of farm land lie fallow in the winter . 85 int . hearse - day 85 buddy look out at the highway . he be drive slow . Bush be lean against the money , think . buddy how much further now ? Bush wave he on . buddy scowl then decide to get serious about this . he press on the accelerator and the hearse take off down the highway . 86 int . funeral home - day 86 Frank be hopelessly lose in a sea of envelope . the phone be ringing off the hook , there be full sack around he , and some reporter be try to take a picture through the front window . Frank scowl and lower the blind . 57 . 87 ext . mattie' house - day 87 Frank be at mattie 's door entrance by the troubled but beautiful piano music come from inside . it stop abruptly when he knock . in second , mattie appear . frank hey mattie . he look almost boyish and bashful as he drink she in . frank be that you ? it be really .. mattie this be a surprise . frank yeah , sorry . he stand , loving the view , forget why he be here . she wait it out as long as she can , not sure how she feel about this ador look . mattie be there something you ..? frank uh , yeah .. help ! mattie what ? frank I be up to my ear with this funeral and I think , you know , we have not have time to talk much lately so maybe you would like to come over and rip open envelope with I and mattie I be sorry , I have lesson all afternoon . I have to get back in . frank oh , okay , I just .. mattie sorry . she slip back inside . Frank stare at the door . 58 . 88 int . mattiek house - continuous 88 mattie lean against the door with she eye close . there be no student at the piano . 89 omitted 89/90 89 91 ext . church / southern illinois - afternoon 91 the hearse be park in front of a beautiful white board church . 91a int . hearse - afternoon 91a Close on Bush and buddy . BUSH do not say nothing . buddy to who ? BUSH you can say " hi " . Bush get out . buddy sigh , mime " hi " and get out . 92 int . illinois church entry - afternoon 92 buddy quietly creep in through the front door , look back over he shoulder , scowl , and enter the church . 93 he stop and look around , awed by the beautifully serene 93 sanctuary . now he see a tall black man ( 70 ) come out of a office door behind the pulpit , walk up the aisle , glance out the window at the driveway , and then at buddy . buddy hi. charlie hello . buddy be out of word that he be allow to say . he glance at the door but Bush be not come in . 59 . buddy hi. Charlie hold out he hand , buddy shake it . charlie be you sure you be in the right place ? not expect a funeral . suddenly Bush step into the church . Charlie squint over then stare at Bush with utter disbelief . charlie Felix ?! BUSH hey , Charlie . they shake hand , then hug . buddy be blow away that Bush would hug anyone . Bush look up at the church rafter . BUSH still stand . charlie yes . Charlie give Bush a look then hold out he hand to buddy again . charlie reverend Charlie Jackson . buddy hi! BUSH that 's buddy Robinson , he do not talk much . charlie someone better talk . a ghost pull up in the driveway in a hearse , you expect a little bit of a story . 94 int . church - later 94 Bush , buddy and Charlie , sit in pews near a lovely altar . 60 . charlie my hearing be not what it be . it sound like you say you want I to preach at you funeral party with you sit there ? BUSH yes , sir . charlie ( shaking he head ) you know I have talk to God a lot about you over the year and he say he break the mould when he make you . Said you be sure entertaining to watch but way too much trouble . buddy grin . BUSH well . charlie what would you want I to say at this funeral ? BUSH whatever you want to , Charlie . charlie ( to buddy ) could you give we a minute ? buddy start to get up . BUSH sit still . buddy plop back down . charlie what 's the matter ? you scared to be alone with I ? BUSH he can hear what 's say . buddy be surprised again . so be Charlie . charlie all right . after you leave here .. do you do the right thing ? 61 . Felix look up at the beautifully craft pulpit . BUSH I do .. what I think be right . charlie you confess ? ask forgiveness ? Bush look off and the muscle jump in he jaw . charlie do you tell she , Felix ? Charlie sigh , lean on he knee , and drop he head . charlie you come a long way for nothing then . Bush 's eye jerk back to Charlie and they be hot . buddy tense . BUSH you self- righteous .. charlie do not you dare .. BUSH I build my own jail and put myself in it ! and I stay in it for 40 goddamn year ! no wife , no kid , no friend ! that 's not enough ? charlie you know it be not . BUSH ( tear welling up ) well . why do not you come and say that then , Charlie ? Hell , say it all ! I do not care . charlie not on you life . the air be so heavy you can not breathe it . Bush suddenly get up and leave . buddy start to follow . Charlie put he hand on he to stay . they sit in silence a moment . charlie how much do you know about he ? 62 . buddy almost nothing , sir . I just work at the funeral home . charlie do you know he build this church ? buddy no ?! ( looking around ) how 's a man like he make something like this ? I mean , I know he 's a good carpenter but this be .. charlie Magic ? ( off buddy 's look ) maybe it 's the best of he , maybe he put he soul into it , I do not know . buddy what ya will be talk about .. what do he do ? who be he suppose to tell ? charlie ( thinks ) for he and God to know I guess . I wish I would never be put between they , that 's for sure . ( beat ) I will tell you that he show up here half dead . I have just start preaching . over the next 4 year we build this . buddy be you come to the funeral ? Charlie sigh and look around . 94a omitted 94a 95 int . hearse / moving / pmp - night 95 buddy and Bush be both lose in think . finally .. buddy can I ask you something ? 63. BUSH do you have to ? buddy yes . what be we do ? since the day you come into the funeral home , I do not think anything have happen that you do not want to happen . I just do not know where it 's go . BUSH there 's a whole lot of thing that you do not know . like what a dog dream . you can make up a story about he chase rabbit but you do not know if there 's rabbit in there or not . and he can not tell you , can he ? buddy not unless he 's a very special dog . they snort together . BUSH people do not say what they mean either so you do not really know any more about they then you do about that dog 's dream . buddy but what ..? BUSH ( looking away ) that time you leave my house I see you stop and look back . you want to know what could make somebody like I . ( off buddy 's uneasy look ) well here you be , son , here you be . 96 int . funeral home - evening 9 6 Frank be put money into a casket . he check he watch . frank ( mutter ) where be you ..? lighting flash and the light suddenly go out . 64 . 97 ext . outside of town - night 97 the hearse creep down the road 98 int . hearse - night 9 8 buddy look tired . Bush be sit up ramrod straight , think hard about something . buddy I better stop and tell Frank we be back . he 's probably have 2 or 3 hissy fit by now . ( look out at the rain ) why do not you stay the night at the house and I will take you home in the morning ? the simple kindness seem to short Bush out . buddy do not notice , he 's still look ahead . BUSH well , I ... I be not stay with nobody in a.. in a long while . buddy it 's fine if you want to . Bush look as if he might say yes but he notice where the car be pass through and .. BUSH let I out . buddy what ? BUSH stop the car . Bush start to open the door . buddy stop abruptly . buddy you can not walk . it 's too far .. Bush climb out with he shotgun . BUSH put the money in a casket . 65 . buddy you might as well get back in , I will follow you all the way . BUSH ( snap the gun close ) get the hell out of here , boy ! buddy 's eye be defiant . Bush slam the door and walk away , crossing over a fence and out into a dark field . buddy not responsible . not responsible . shit . he slam the steering wheel . 99 omitted 99 100 omitted 100 101 int . funeral home - night 101 buddy be put the money into the foot of a casket . a light candelabra sit nearby . there be noise , like the mute sound of something break . buddy jerk and listen . buddy Frank ? hello ? Mr. Bush ? he stuff the money into the casket , grab the candelabra , come back , seal the lid , and start into the office . 102 ext . cemetery - night 102 under the tree crooked row of cold ghostly headstone glisten in the darkness . a old pocket lighter flare to reveal Bush stare at a pot of yellow flower . he hold the lighter to a tombstone and brushes away the debris . it read : mary lee stroup B. 1874 D. 1894 . thunder roll . Close on Bush 's face as rain begin to fall .. BUSH they keep talk about forgiveness .. ask Jesus for forgiveness .. I never do nothing to him .. 66 . 103 omit 103/104/105 103 106 int . funeral home - night 106 Frank enter with a flashlight . he see that he desk and file have be ransacke . he rush into the casket room . several casket have be throw to the floor . he go to the one where the money be , find that it be seal tight , and sigh with relief . hear something he whip the light around and see buddy on the floor . 107 int . funeral home - night / later 107 Frank examine a cut and bump on top of buddy 's head by flashlight and dab it gently with a cloth . frank the cut 's not bad but how 's the head ? he move he finger across buddy 's eye . frank follow it . he look he over carefully . he 's have experience . frank dizzy ? double vision ? nauseous ? ( off buddy 's no ) you will be okay . do you see who it be ? buddy no . I be put the money in .. hear glass break .. lock up the casket quick and .. boom .. frank you do good . buddy do not feel good . 108 int . darrow house / live room - later 108 mattie sit beside a fire , knitting a baby blanket by a oil lamp . all at once the light sputter on , the radio light up , warm , and begin to play , as a knock at the door .. 67 . 109 int . / ext . front door / darrow house - continuous 109 mattie pull the door open . Bush be stand there soaking wet , breathe hard , hold he shotgun . she draw back reflexively . he look into she . BUSH please , ma'am . 110 int . darrow house / bedroom - night 110 Bush stand with a towel around he , shiver . mattie open a dresser drawer . Inside the drawer , be the carefully arrange tableau of a watch , a ring , a stethoscope , and some clothes . she hate to disturb the drawer but pull out a pair of black pants and a white shirt , lay they on the bed , and walk out . 111 int . darrow home / live room - night 111 mattie step from the kitchen with a steaming mug as Bush come down the stair in clothes that be too loose . still shiver , Bush step uneasily in front of the fire . mattie hand he the hot mug . he look uneasily at the yellow flower on the table nearby . BUSH thank you . mattie what be you do here ? burn through , a log fall in the fire . Bush jerk oddly and move away . BUSH can I sit a minute ? she stare at he then nod at a chair . she keep stand behind the other chair . he bend over the mug and seem to lock up inside . BUSH you want to know why I have you sister 's picture on my wall ? 68 . mattie I be not stupid , Felix . no , I take that back . how long be it go on ? she be already marry when I meet you . be you just make up to I to get to she ? Bush be so still he look like a gargoyle . mattie if you be not go to talk , leave . BUSH can you help who you love ? mattie 's face tell we that she have ask herself that question many time . BUSH I have have 40 year to think about it and I still do not know . mattie I do not know either , so .. slowly the gargoyle unfold . his eye drill into she . BUSH I want to tell you how it be . if you do not want I to , I will go . mattie sigh from down deep in she shoe then come around and sit down . mattie do not lie to I . when do you take up with she ? BUSH I come to see you and she be there , hang clothes on the line with you mama . Bush stare out the window so hard , mattie turn to see what he be look at .. BUSH she turn around .. ( as mattie turn back ) .and .. I promise you that I do not know that I have a heart till right then . 69 . tear well up in mattie 's eye . BUSH you be a fine fine girl . I do not know why you want anything to do with I but I be gonna keep come to see you ' till my luck run out . ( beat ) and then I see she . mattie she be marry ! and she be not just my sister , she be my best friend . we tell each other everything . I can not .. how long do it go on ?! Bush 's face be so white it look like a death mask . mattie how long ? BUSH it 's still go on , Little bit . mattie try to absorb that . the truth and tragedy of it touch she in way that she be not prepare for . they sit there in silence . she suddenly wipe she face and scowl . mattie do you have anything to do with she death ? the mug tremble . she see it . mattie tell I . like a fish jerk from the water , he mouth open and close , but nothing come out . mattie ( cont 'd ) Felix ! ( off he haunt silence ) get out of my house ! now ! Bush stand up quickly and start for the door . mattie and go to hell ! BUSH be there . 70 . he stagger , try to catch himself but slide down against the wall . despite she anger , mattie start toward he . 112 int . darrow home / live room - night / moment later 112 Bush sit on the floor , pale as moonlight . mattie be beside he with a stethoscope in she lap . mattie you need to see a doctor .. he raise he eye to she but say nothing . they look into each other for a long moment . mattie just tell I , Felix . do you hurt Mary or not ? Bush stare into she then suddenly get up , pick up he shotgun and go out the door without a word . 113 int . funeral home / front door - night 113 Frank be put the file back in the drawer when he hear a noise . he reach into the drawer and turn with a pistol in he hand . Bush be stand in the doorway with he shotgun . frank what the hell ?! Bush glance at the pistol , at the open drawer of the cabinet and desk . BUSH they get it ? frank no. buddy seal it up in a casket . take a crack on the head , but .. BUSH ( cold dark look ) be he all right ? frank yeah . 71 . BUSH you sure ? frank I be a army medic . he will be fine . but Bush be still dark . frank but you ought to take that clothes back and get something in you size . BUSH they get the whiskey ? 114 int . funeral home / office - night / later 114 Frank sit with he foot on the desk . Bush sit across from he . they each have a cup of whiskey . frank bring the money back , huh ? ( off Bush 's absent nod ) listen , I have be think .. what if we have the party at you place ? people be go to want to see the land they be get so .. BUSH do not know . frank well , think about it , we could .. BUSH do not know that I be do it . frank what ?! BUSH think to call it off . frank you can not ! BUSH damn well can if I want to . frank no no no , it 's in motion ! 72 . BUSH if I say no , it 's no . send the money back . frank you be kill I ! I buy thing , hire people .. promise money , everybody in town be hope to .. BUSH I care about this town as much as they care about I . frank it 's what you say you want and I have bust my ass for you . so why do not you want it anymore ? you owe I that . BUSH ( long beat ) it be the end of the line , tell it all , get out of jail party . but I guess I be not get the goddamn gut to open my own mouth and I can not get nobody to talk for I so the hell with it . and to hell with I . Bush grab he shotgun and go . Frank sit , stunne . 115 int . buddy house - early morning 115 buddy sit at the breakfast table , hold he son . he open and close he eye , check out he vision . Kathryn , at the stove , see he out of the corner of she eye . kathryn be you have trouble see ? buddy I see you be mad . kathryn I be not mad . I be concerned she shove the skillet off the burner and come to he . buddy ( squint up ) no , you be mad . she tenderly touch he head . 73. kathryn if I could get my hand on whoever do this , you would see mad . frank ( o.s. ) buddy ! you up ?! Frank rush in , lift a phantom hat to Kathryn , scrape up a chair , pull on the baby 's toe , and look at buddy . frank trouble . buddy what 's the matter ? frank Bush be pull out . buddy what ? frank what happen yesterday ? buddy I tell you , we go up to Illinois and meet a preacher . frank but what happen ? buddy he ask the preacher to come to the funeral . he say no . frank Son of a bitch , that 's get to be .. ( to kathryn ) sorry . ( to the baby ) sorry . where 's the preacher ? buddy it will not do you any good . frank why not ? buddy he know something about Bush , something bad , I think . 74 . frank what be it ? buddy would not say but .. frank well if Bush want he , by God , Bush be gonna get he . kathryn ( slam the skillet down ) you want egg , Frank , or will the skillet do ? frank what ? what 's wrong ? kathryn what 's wrong ? my husband have he head bashed in and all you care about be this party ! frank it 's not like that , Katie , this be for all of we . you be like .. family to I .. I .. kathryn this be not how family act ! frank well , I be sorry . I have never have any practice . ( get up / to buddy ) you okay ? buddy nod . Frank leave . buddy mutter to the baby .. buddy stay out of she way today , partner . 116 ext . mattie' house - morning 11 6 mattie be on she knee try to plant bulb in the hard cold ground . her trowel barely gouge the earth . she stab it again and again into the ground . mattie fool , it 's too late for bulb .. 75 . suddenly she hurl the trowel as far as she can , then a handful of bulb .. then she hat . mattie .too goddamn late .. 117 int . funeral home / office - day 117 buddy be surround by bag . he be copying down name onto raffle ticket and put they in bin for the draw . there be a man stand guard by the front door with a rifle . 118 int . BUSH be barn - day 118 mule stand with he ear back , upset . Bush , back in he old clothes , be angrily plane a board . the box of he casket minus the lid be on sawhorse behind he . 119 omitted 119 120 int . charlie' house / southern illinois - late day 120 a blurred image become clear as a magnify glass lower to a page of a stamp collection book . finger fill a empty space with a prize addition . a loud knocking startles he and the stamp be place slightly crooked .. reveal Charlie Jackson scowling at the crooked stamp . he get up , do a double - take out the window . more loud knocking . 121 int . charlie' house - late day 121 Charlie open the door , see Frank stand there . the hearse be park outside . frank reverend Jackson ? ( Charlie look at hearse ) Frank quinn , quinn funeral home . charlie how would you find I ? Frank just smile , take off he hat , and offer he hand . Charlie give he a long look and reluctantly motion he in . 76 . Frank enter , note the clean simple home of man with a orderly mind . Charlie motion for Frank to sit down . charlie I be go to play some dominos this afternoon . but something tell I to stay home . I should have play dominos . be he out there ? frank Bush ? no , sir . charlie you sure ? frank pretty sure . charlie do you check the back ? Frank snort , like Charlie immediately . frank you tell Bush that you would not come to the funeral ? charlie if he get that , why be you here ? frank to help you rethink it . charlie I do not need any help . frank have you rethought it ? ( off Charlie 's look ) so there be a need . ( beat ) first off , Bush do not know I be here . 77 . charlie I would not be so sure about that . ( off Frank 's look ) he 's get a way of make people do what he want they to . Frank squirm , know it true . charlie be he really a hermit ? Frank whistle and take Bush 's poster out of he coat . Charlie jerk at the picture of the wild man . frank he come to see I after he would be here , want to call the party off . charlie I do not care . frank Said he would mean it to be a.. end of the line , tell it all , get out of jail funeral but that he do not have the gut to open he mouth and he could not get anybody to talk for he . you know anything about that part ? ( off Charlie 's sigh ) at first he say he want everybody to come who have a story about he . but he do not want to hear they bullshit storey , do he ? pardon my language . he want to tell one , do not he ? 78 . charlie about time . frankfrank whatever he do , it 's be lock up in he for 40 year and he can not get it out . ( off Charlie 's look ) I think he tell you . you may be the only person he tell . and now he want you to tell it for he . charlie because he will not . frank or can not . charlie or will not . frank or can not . ( beat ) at least he want the truth to come out , give he that . charlie ( long stare ) I will think about it . frank be there a board house around here ? charlie I say I would think . frank yeah but if you be not come , I be not go back . I make promise I can not keep to people I care about . this fall apart they will not blame Bush . Bank will take my business .. if I be gonna have to start over again , might as well be from here . Charlie scowl at he . 79 . 122 int . funeral home - day 122 use a tool , buddy unseal the casket to put the new money in it and discover that the rest of the money be go ? he can not believe it . he yank back the casket bed lining .. 123 omitted 123 126 int . BUSH be barn - day 126 Bush be sand the beautiful lid of he casket . it be lean against the wall and sawdust be drift down all over he . he suddenly stop , rub the wood tenderly , muscle up the heavy top to put it on the box and stagger back . it 's not the weight , something be wrong . sweat pop out on he forehead . he force himself to the casket and drop the top down hard , stagger back against the loft ladder , slide down to the ground , and stare at the casket . be this it ? 127 ext . cross road - day 127 the hearse sit on the side of the road . Road sign give the mileage to different destination . 127a int . hearse - day 127a Frank be lie in the back of the hearse , he head propped up on a old suitcase . he sip from he flask and stare out the window , think . 128 int . BUSH be barn - late day 128 Bush be still on the ground propped against the ladder . his eye be close and the fade light steal across he face that be as still as it can be . the sawdust make he look almost wooden . a shadow cross then come closer . buddy be sure he be dead but Bush 's eye open . buddy what be you do , sir ? BUSH get a suntan . Bush start to get up then fall back against the ladder . 80 . buddy be you stick ? BUSH you have no goddamn idea how right you be , son . buddy move to help he up but Bush wave he off . BUSH I will sit here a minute . Bush look at the butterfly bandage on buddy 's head . BUSH we be a pair , be not we ? buddy be you sick ? BUSH just go through the motion . buddy what do that mean ? BUSH there 's alive and there 's Dead . and there 's a worst place in between they that I hope you never know nothing about . ( darkening ) do you know who hurt you ? buddy no , sir . BUSH sonsabitch . buddy it do not matter . listen . Frank go somewhere and the raffle money be go . BUSH you figure he take off with it ? buddy I do not know . I do not want to think that . but the money 's not here and I do not know where it be . he say he would call and he never do . 81 . buddy glance into the shadow and see the casket loom on the sawhorse . he stare at it .. BUSH well .. what do you want to do ? buddy look back at Bush . buddy I do not .. ( realize just then ) I want to make this funeral for you if you want it . BUSH ( a long look ) Hell . do it if you can . ( beat ) I guess for everyone like I , there 's one like you , son . I about forget that . buddy hold out he hand to help Bush up but Bush force himself up on he own and walk out . 129 omitted 129 130 int . charlie' house / southern illinois - evening 130 Charlie sit at he desk , stare blankly at he crooked stamp . suddenly fate in the form of Frank quinn loom at the window . Charlie know he be there but he will not look at he . 131 int . buddy house / bedroom - dawn 131 buddy , Kathryn , and the baby be sleep soundly . there be a scratching noise . buddy sit up , grab a baseball bat and fall back asleep . the scratch start again . he open he eye , surprised to see the bat in he hand . he hear the scratch . he look around , see something at the window . he slide to the floor , crawl on he knee , and look out . Frank be stand there , scratch on the screen . behind he be Charlie , look very unhappy about stand in the near dark in a small southern town , scratch on a screen . buddy realize what he be see and start to smile . 82. 132 ext . buddy house - dawn 132 Frank , buddy , and Charlie be on the porch , watch the world come to life . Charlie look as if he be hope for some kind of sign from above . buddy I be glad you decide to come , sir . charlie free will be not all that it 's crack up to be . buddy ( at frank ) do you take the money out of the casket ? frank yeah . buddy why do not you tell I ?! frank I forget . buddy you forget ?! where be it ? frank in the hearse , under the floorboard . Charlie remember that Frank say he be not come back and give he a look . buddy be give Frank the same look . frank what ? nobody steal a hearse . now all we get to do be take the reverend here to Bush and .. buddy I forget to tell you , Mr. Bush already say he would do it . frank you be shittin ' I ?! Charlie get up and start walk away .. 83. charlie where can I catch a train ? frank you can not leave you just get here . charlie watch and learn . frank hold on .. charlie where 's the station ? 133 ext - bush land / road - morning 133 a tractor pull a trailer with a big old honk generator on it , a truck load with equipment and worker for the big event rumble down a dirt road . the quinn funeral home hearse complete the unlikely parade . 134 int . BUSH be shack - morning 134 Bush , dress in he new suit , shirt , and shoe be a strike figure . the old hermit be go . he look into the mirror . 135 ext . mattie' house - morning 135 Horton hold the car door open for Kathryn who be hold the baby and look back puzzle at mattie 's house . finally she sigh and get into the car . 135a int . mattie' house - morning 135a mattie stand stare out the window . she be not go . 136 ext . bush land / field - morning 136 at the top of a wide clear , a truck with a Circus ad on the door be be set up to become a stage . the tractor and truck pull into the clear and drive to the circus truck . the hearse pull in and park . Frank , buddy , and Charlie climb out of the hearse , look around , and stand freeze . 84 . truck and car be park everywhere around the big clear ! many people have be here all night with fire , tent and lean-to . many more people be arrive now . charlie expecting a crowd ? Frank and buddy give each other a look . frank honestly ? we do not have a clue about what 's go to happen here . set -up sequence : the big old honk generator be unload . hole be dig . 10 foot pole be sly from the truck and huge speaker horn be attach . speaker pole be pull up and set into hole . Frank direct a gang of 6 kide who be sell raffle ticket make sure they know that he have he eye on they . a band arrive on the back of pick - up truck . the generator kick on belching smoke everywhere . Frank be yell whoa whoa ! disaster in the make . 136a omitted 136a 137 omitted 137 138 omitted 138 138a omitted 138a 85 . 139 omit 139 140 int . BUSH be shack - day 140 Bush stand stare out the checkerboard window . he see Charlie approach and open the door for he . Charlie climb the step , appraise the shack , and stare at Bush . charlie pretty nice jail . Charlie enter and look around the little room . BUSH why do you change you mind ? Charlie just look at he , the unspoken word louder than any reason he could give . BUSH thank you . charlie how do you want to do this ? BUSH I do not . he get a haunt look that catch Charlie off guard . BUSH I be gonna try and tell it , Charlie , I really be . but if I can not get it do , would you do it ? I want it say . please , sir . Charlie sigh from down in he shoe and start for the door . BUSH tell them the box be in the barn . 141 omit 141 142 ext . bush land / back road - day 142 Carl 's truck be half hide off the road . Carl , Gary and theman get out of the truck . 86 . Carl tuck a old 45 in the back of he pants . Gary and theman grab three gas can off the truck , give one to Carl , and clamber down a deep gully and start up the other side . Tom peek out from behind the big garbage barrel . 143 ext . bush land / field - day 143 the generator be work ! and stand on the flat bed truck , which be now a stage , a announcer introduce a hot blue grass group the crowd be huge now and listen as the group kick off a song . behind the stage Frank be collect money from the boy who be sell the raffle ticket , make they turn they pocket inside out . the generator make a strange noise , Frank eyeball it , and it labor on . buddy walk up , nudge Frank , and nod out at the huge crowd . can you believe this ?! Charlie walk up and say something that we cannot hear . 144 int . BUSH be shack - day 144 pace the cage , Bush peek out the window . BUSH you ask for it you old ornery sonofabitch , now what be you gonna do ? 145 int . BUSH be barn - day 145 Frank , buddy , and Charlie enter the barn and see mule hitched to the wagon . on the back of the wagon be a simple and rustically elegant casket with the initial fb carve into the center board . it sober they all . 146 ext . bush land / gully - day 146 Carl , Gary , and theman hide and watch Frank , buddy and Charlie walk mule and the wagon away from the barn and down the road . Carl eye Bush 's shack and start for it . gary hey , hey , where you go ? he say the wood .. carl closer . 87 . and he take off . theman he 's crazy ! 147 omitted 147 148 omit 148 149 ext . bush land / field - day 149 the bluegrass fiddle player nod to the other to quickly end the song . now we see why . Frank , buddy , and Charlie have bring the wagon with the coffin into the field . everyone quiet , remember why they be here . they park the wagon behind the hearse . Frank and Charlie walk toward the stage . buddy peel away . Frank call after he to come with they to the stage but buddy wave they away . he want no part of that . he see Kathryn and Horton thread they way through the crowd and move toward they instead . Frank and Charlie climb the makeshift stair up to the stage . Charlie sit down on a fold chair while Frank go to the big microphone and stare with satisfaction at the huge Depression - era woodstock crowd . frank good afternoon lady and gentleman . I be Frank quinn of quinn funeral Home . welcome to the live funeral party of Mr. Felix Bush ! people do not know whether to clap or not . some do and the rest of they pick it up . buddy get to Kathryn and hug she and the baby . buddy where 's mattie ? kathryn she would not come . I do not .. frank I have do some thing in my life , but never this . Bet you have not either , bet no one have . ( more ) 88. frank ( cont 'd ) ( wink back at Charlie ) we try to make thing predictable and safe but if we do not risk everything to get what we want , we do not want it enough . 150 omit 150 151 ext . bush land / field - continuous 151 Frank find buddy in the crowd . frank the person who make all of this happen for we do not like the spotlight but buddy Robinson be the heart of quinn funeral Home and I be proud to know he . buddy be embarrassed and move . Kathryn 's eye soften . 152 ext . BUSH be shack - day 152 Carl be sloshing gasoline onto the back porch while Gary and theman keep nervous watch at the farendof porch . suddenly Carl feel a shotgun 's cold metal on he neck and the 45 be rip from he belt and throw to the ground . BUSH sonsabitch . Carl drop he can . the other man drop they can but Gary start to pull a pistol from he back pocket . BUSH go on , I will paint the porch with he head . carl do not do it ! Gary drop the pistol . BUSH now pick up they can and keep pour . carl what ? 89 . BUSH you hear I . the man cautiously pick up the can .. BUSH pour it on you head . all of it . the man look at each other . Bush cock the other barrel of he shotgun . theman I will not ! BUSH pour it or die , I do not care which . the man hoist the can and start to pour the gasoline over they . Burning and spitting they empty the can . suddenly theman bolt , moan and run blind with gas in he eye . BUSH I get two barrel , anybody else want to rabbit , now 's the time . 153 ext . bush land / field - day 153 frank I know many of you have hear storey about Mr. Bush . but today I have be tell that we be go to hear another kind of story , he . a murmure move in a wave across the crowd as they see .. . Bush enter the field with he shotgun point at Carl and Gary 's back . they be drench with gas and it be burn they through they clothes . buddy , Kathryn , and Horton see Bush . quinn and Charlie follow the crowd 's eye to Bush . quinn Holy mother of .. sheriff deputy beside the stage see Bush . but everyone remain freeze , not know what have happen or what to do now . be this the crazy Bush of the legend ? 89a . buddy start toward Bush . Kathryn try to stop he but he pull free and walk slowly toward Bush . a shot ring out ! 90 . Carl and Gary hit the ground like dead man . the crowd hunker and scatter . Horton step in front of Kathryn and the baby . buddy freeze . Charlie rush up beside Frank at the microphone . Carl roll up and turn to Bush and see blood seeping out onto he shirt beneath he coat . Bush whirl and see .. . Carl 's old 45 still smoking . the gun be in Tom 's small shaking hand .. carl do not hurt he ! it 's my fault . please , please .. Bush crack he shotgun , walk slowly to the boy , gently take the 45 , empty the shell , and hand the gun back . BUSH a second chance be a precious thing , son . do not waste it . the boy plop down , overwhelm . and suddenly everyone be in motion . the deputy run toward Bush . Frank and Charlie rush from the stage . Kathryn and Horton be go . buddy arrive at Bush first and see the blood weep onto he shirt . buddy be you alright , sir ?! without turn Bush glance at the deputy . BUSH try to burn I out . let the boy be , he do not mean nothing . as the deputy get a hold of Carl and Gary , Frank , Charlie , Kathryn and Horton arrive . Carl look at Horton with plead eye and nod to Tom . carl help he , Gus , please .. 91 . Horton go to the tremble boy and pick he up . Bush suddenly walk into the tree without look back . 153a int . wcgm radio station - day 153a the announcer hang up the phone on the wall , rush to the turntable and lift the tone arm from the record that be play . announcer folk , I have just receive word of a tragic turn of event at the Bush funeral Party . it seem that Mr. Bush have be shot . I repeat , Mr. Felix Bush have be shot . there be no word of condition .. 153b int . mattie' house - day 153b the radio be play but we do not know where mattie be . announcer ( o.s. ) when I know more I will let you know . I be sure he would appreciate you prayer .. 154 int . BUSH be shack - day 154 Bush stand at the mirror , he shirt unbuttone and pull back . the bullet catch the muscle just above he clavicle . buddy , Frank and Charlie rush in . BUSH Close the door . Charlie slam the door . Frank examine the wound . buddy stare in shock at the old roping burn scar on Bush 's chest . frank miss the bone . get any alcohol and clean rag ? Bush nod at the cabinet . Charlie find a amazing assortment of herb and root , alcohol and old sheet rip into rag . buddy why do not you sit down , sir ? 92 . BUSH boil some water and I will tell you how to make I a poultice . Frank take the rag and alcohol from Charlie frank this be gonna hurt . BUSH do not sugar coat it . 155 ext . bush land / field - day 155 everyone be stand around in shock . 156 ext . BUSH be shack - day 156 Kathryn wait anxiously near the porch with the baby . 157 ext . bush land / field - day 157 Horton step up to the microphone . the shocked crowd turn to he . he close he eye and bow he head . reverend horton Lord , you say you move in mysterious way and we believe you because we do not understand much of anything . and so we come to you today not seek answer to what 's happen here but ask you to help we open we heart a little more to each other and find some forgiveness and understanding . 158 int . BUSH be shack - day 158 Frank have clean the wound . buddy have make a poultice that Bush be press onto the wound as he hear the last of Horton 's prayer over the loudspeaker . bus h pretty good prayer . mighta be wrong about that preacher . charlie why do not you lay down , Felix ? 93. Bush think about it , see a way out . for a second he look like he might take it . then he shake he head , put a rag over the poultice and pull he shirt up . BUSH let 's go ' fore I lose my nerve . buddy be you sure ? Bush scowl at the huge blood stain on he shirt . he look at Frank 's white shirt . Frank just stare at he . Bush keep look . finally Frank sigh and start loosen he tie . 159 ext . bush land / field - day 159 the bluegrass band sing a good hymn . the crowd be still stunne and talk , not know what to do . 160 int . BUSH be shack - day 160 buddy gently help Bush into he jacket , which have a bullet tear in it along the shoulder but Bush seem okay with it , to Frank 's relief . Frank be put on a old fade shirt of Bush 's . as Bush start for the door , he come up beside Charlie . BUSH you be not nervous ? all they white folk out there ? charlie there 's white folk here ?! BUSH stick with I , you will be all right . charlie you be the one they be shoot at . as Charlie open the door , Bush stop , all he misgiving flooding in with the light . he look at buddy . BUSH pretty interesting day so far , huh boy ? Bush straighten himself up and go out the door . 94 . 161 ext . bush land / field - day 161 Charlie , Bush walk through the murmure parting crowd toward the stage . Frank and buddy be close behind . buddy be look for Kathryn . she spot he and move toward the stage . 162 ext . bush land / field - day 162 Bush and Charlie go up the step to the stage . at the last second , Bush stare at the big microphone and stop , unable to go on . Charlie give he a look then go on up to the microphone and look out a the sea of white folk . charlie I be reverend Charlie Jackson . Felix want to continue with he funeral . and he 's ask I to say a few word . just below the stage , buddy and Frank be join by Kathryn . Charlie glance back at Bush , turn inward , search for the word . finally he hold he hand out , wide apart . charlie we like to imagine that good and bad , right and wrong , be mile apart . but the truth be , very often they be .. ( bring he hand together and lace he finger tightly ) .all tangle up with each other . Bush raise he head and look at Charlie 's back . charlie some 40 year ago Felix Bush drop into my life and then drop out . in between he build the most beautiful sanctuary that I have ever see . a lot of wonderful thing happen in that church . suddenly Bush break away , move up beside Charlie , and put he hand on he shoulder . 95 . BUSH thank you , Charlie . thank you . Charlie give he a long look then step away from the microphone and move back to where Bush be stand . Bush stare at the microphone , take a breath , and walk up to it , and look out over the huge crowd . BUSH have to go clear to Illinois to find somebody that have anything good to say about I . Hell of a thing . his voice boom out over the crowd , startling he . he look down , see buddy , Kathryn , Frank and Horton . he look closer for someone most important but she be not there . the crowd murmur . finally .. BUSH I be not a smart man or a wise one . I do not know what kind of man I be . I be always restless , think I would see the world . but I do not hardly go nowhere .. on purpose .. ( beat ) because .. because I do something that I be ashamed of . something I could not ever fix . ( glance around ) ya will probably think you know what you would do or what you would not . and I wish you good luck with that . I really do . ( beat ) when I tell Charlie what I would do , he tell I to confess to God and the law and to .. to someone else .. so I could get forgiveness . but I do not want forgiveness . ( beat ) I need to hold on to what I do .. to be sick from it every day of my life . so I never tell nobody else . he stop , not know how to go on . the crowd have quiete completely . as as he eye sweep over the sea of expectant face , he suddenly sees her come through the crowd . 96 . mattie 's here . see that Felix appear to alright , she face change from conflict concern to open unbridle hatred . the look take Bush 's breath away . but he suddenly seem to accept it as he due and when he talk , it be only to she . BUSH I fall in love with a marry lady . and somehow she fall in love with I . it be the only time that I have be in love . ( gather himself ) we make a plan to run off and start a new life but she do not show up at the time that we say we would meet . I get a funny feel and I go to she house . buddy , Kathryn and Frank all see mattie now , see Bush talk just to she . BUSH her husband answer the door . ( beat ) he have blood on he . for mattie all of this be like window into the past be suddenly throw open and she be haunt and mesmerize . BUSH I hit he pretty hard , knock he down . can not remember go upstairs but I remember I see a hammer on the step and it have blood and hair on it . the crowd gasp . mattie be tremble . BUSH I find she in the bedroom . she be crawl across the floor . ( beat ) but before I could get to she and help she up .. a kerosene lamp hit the wall . and then she husband jump on my back . funny what happen sometimes when thing go wrong . it 's like the clock stop and you have all the time in the world to think . I could see that she husband have set the downstairs on fire before he come up . ( beat ) ( more ) 97 . BUSH ( cont 'd ) and as I be slamm he head into the wall , try to get shed of he , I could see clear as anything that it be all my fault . if I would just never speak to she .. ( beat ) and as I be think about that , I see that the lamp he throw have set the room we be in on fire too . Bush force himself to keep look into mattie . BUSH and then I realize that I be on fire . I try to put myself out but I could not , everything be .. ( beat ) I drop he , turn around and see she lie on the floor and call she name . she look up at I .. ( beat ) .and the next thing I know , I be fly .. a loud roar of fire and crush timber .. 163 ext . burning house - night 163 a man on fire burst through the second story window of a burn house . he land hard and roll across the yard to smother the flame . with he clothes still smoking , he unbelievably try to run back into the hell . but the fire be too hot and he cannot . he scream like a mad man and run into the tree .. 164 ext . bush land / field - day 164 the crowd be motionless . nothing be move . it be as if the whole world have stop . Frank , buddy , and Kathryn be freeze . Bush and mattie be look into each other , one anguish soul to another . BUSH I do not know how I get out the window . ( beat ) ( more ) 98 . BUSH ( cont 'd ) no matter how many time I play it in my mind , I can not remember jump . I think I kill he , but maybe he push I , I do not know ... ( lose as ever .. ) I swear to you , if I leave she in there .. everything I know about myself be a lie . but that do not matter . ( beat ) I do not get she out , Little bit , I do not . I be sorry . 165 int . BUSH be shack - day 165 Bush sit on the edge he bed . his face be draw and haunt . the door open and close . he do not look up . mattie sit down beside he . tear be stream down she face . she lay she head gently on he shoulder . mattie oh , Felix .. he sniff she hair and tenderly touch it . BUSH wonder if she hair would be white ? 166 ext . bush land / field - end of day / montage 166 a man choose a win raffle ticket from a wire cage . a poor young couple with several child win the raffle ! the promise of a new and better life begin for they . the big funeral party break up people wind they way home . the big old honk generator cough off . mule be lead back to the barn . the equipment be disassembled and load back on the truck . the microphone stand alone on the stage . he get it say . 167 ext . BUSH be shack - day 167 buddy , Frank , Horton , Charlie , and Kathryn and the baby wait outside , give Bush and mattie time . buddy take the baby and hold it close . 99 . finally mattie and Bush come out of the shack and walk down to the other . no one know what to say . finally .. buddy how you do , sir ? BUSH just fair , son . horton Carl say Ray pay they to set the fire . paid they to break into the funeral home too . frank can not stop pull ace out of he ass , can he ? horton spend he money on lawyer now . you know how thrifty they be . Frank motion to buddy and they go to Bush . buddy be still hold the baby , Bush look tenderly at buddy and the baby . BUSH what 's he name ? buddy Larry , lawrence , after my dad , sir . BUSH he be not gonna throw rock at I , be he ? buddy not if know what 's good for he . BUSH you boy do good . Real good . let 's settle up . buddy we do not have to do that now . you get some rest . frank ( a look / then ) yeah . we will come out tomorrow . BUSH bring my shirt back , I just get it break in . 100 . Bush pull buddy aside . Frank stare over at they but can not hear what they be say . he move over beside mattie . frank be you alright , mattie ? she look up at Frank for a long moment , she face soften . mattie oh , I do not know . I be still move , I guess .. he do not know what that mean but she have finally really look at he and that 's something he will hold onto . Kathryn come and hug mattie as .. Bush and buddy come back . Bush go to Charlie . Frank be stare at buddy , look for a clue as to what Bush say . buddy give he nothing , BUSH thanks again for come , Charlie . charlie I be proud of you . ( meaning it ) thank you for my church . BUSH do you ever get my bill ? horton can we get a ride we car 's about 2 mile down the road . everyone pile into the hearse . there be no back seat so they all have to crawl in the back door and sit along the side . it make everyone smile . mattie give Bush one last fleeting embrace then climb in . Bush look in on they all for a long moment all then close the door . as the hearse move out , he wave to buddy who be look out the back window . buddy wave back . BUSH ( to himself ) look at that . my funeral and everybody 's in there but I . the hearse pull onto the road and drive away . 101 . the place be suddenly quiet and beautiful . he look down the road through the fade dust and see a woman walk slowly toward he . he squint , recognize she , and he face fill with a timeless love . 168 ext . BUSH be land - day - two month later 168 it 's a cold day beneath the spread pecan tree . mule stand hitched to the wagon . the three dog grave marker be frost . a fourth grave marker just like the other lean against the tree . it be freshly carve with : Felix elijah Bush . a pot of fresh yellow flower sit beside the marker . Bush 's beautiful handmade casket be inside he grave . Frank , mattie , Charlie , buddy , Kathryn , and Horton stand beside the grave . several men with shovel wait near the tree . Charlie 's eulogy be more of a one -side conversation which Bush would probably love . charlie well , Felix , this one 's for real , I guess . I do not actually see they put you in the box so .. Charlie glance over and notice " Charlie " on one of the dog 's grave marker . he snort and shake he head . charlie wherever you be , you be probably give someone a hard time or something wonderful and priceless just to confuse they . not everything can be figure out , nor everybody . I wish you peace from the burden of you mind and heart . I wish it for we all . mattie move toward the edge of the grave . Frank put a hand out to catch she should she should stumble . she stare down at the fb on the coffin , open she hand , and let the picture of she sister drift down onto the coffin . 169 ext . hillside - later 169 everyone move away as the man fill in the grave . buddy and Kathryn move up beside Frank and mattie and Charlie . buddy toss the ball of hermit money to Frank . 102 . buddy a 50 on the outside , all one inside . less than $ 100 . frank what ?! charlie I tell you . nobody listen to the preacher . buddy pull some papers from he coat . buddy the day of the party he tell I about the will he have in the secret drawer of he table . he leave the raffle money to all of we . everyone be shocked , touch . buddy ( to frank ) but you have to pay for mule 's upkeep for the rest of he life . Charlie grin and buddy flap the papers at he . buddy and he set up a fund for the upkeep of you church . charlie what 's the catch ? buddy no catch , sir . charlie still do not get it , do you ? with Felix , there 's always a catch . buddy maybe he just know you would go crazy wonder what it be . they all laugh and move down the hillside . as the laughter fade we see in they face the impact that Felix Bush have have upon they . buddy feel the comfort of this odd but grow family and stop and look back at the grave and the pot of yellow flower . his curiosity about the fearsome old man have not abate . nor will it ever . the end