untitled 50 cent project ~ written by terence Winter Winter 's 2 ° revision September 12 , 2004 darkness . the soft rumble of a motor idling the only sound . marcus ( v.o. ) I read a story once where a man walk into hell and the only way he could get out be by not lookin’ back when he leave . turned out temptation get the best of he and he fuck it all up , have to stay there forever . well I be bear in hell and I '11 tell you one fuckin’ thing . when my time come ? I be not lookin’ back . we hear the ka- chack of a clip be jamme into a pistol and on screen appear : south jamaica - queen , new york ext . check cashing store - jamaica avenue - night late. quiet . run-down neighborhood . a steal suburban idle near a check cash store , light on but gate down , close for business . pan the suburban 's bumper-sticker : '' my child be Student of the month at Garden City Middle School ! '' int . chevy suburban - continuous the occupant : five African - american male and a Guest . in the driver 's seat be keryl , 23 . next to he sit romeo , 18 , who toke on a huge spliff , a Glock .9 mm in he lap . keryl C ‘mon , lemme get that shit . Romeo pass the joint to bama , 23 , Southern accent , who hold another .9 mm -- in the back , marcus , they 25 year old leader , hold a uzi . in between he and tyrell , 22 , sit rodrigo , a tremble colombian about 30 . marcus {to rodrigo ) one more time I ’ma run this down . we gettin’ out this car , we gonna walk to that side door . you gonna knock the code , you be not gonna say a motherfuckin’ word . comprende ? rodrigo si. yes . please no shoot I . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 2. marcus that 's up to you , motherfucker . Marcus press the uzi against rodrigo 's temple , lean in : marcus try any shit I 'il paint that store with you fuckin’ brain . ( then ; to the other ) let 's do this . as they all pull ski mask down over they face ... int . check cashing store ~- night a chain - smoking korean man , 5as , sit at a table , count Machine whirring as it spit out stack of hundre dollar bill . nearby , two korean women tie the stack with band . across the room , a colombian guard watch a tony robbin infomercial on tv . a few beat , then a code knock on the side door . rap . rap . rap-rap -rap . the Guard approach the peephole , he .45 pistol still in its holster . guard Pov through peephole - rodrigo stand outside , hold up a Nathan 's bag . as he unlock the door ... guard fuck you be , I '' starvin 's in -- bammmm !!! the door kick in violently , knock the Guard backward nearly off he foot . the Korean woman scream , throw up they hand as Marcus & Co. pile in . marcus fuckin 's move I all blow you fuckin’ head off ! in a flash , bama be on the Guard , .9 mm jamme in he eye . he quickly take the .45 , force the guy to he stomach as tyrell shove rodrigo to the floor next to he . while Romeo cover the woman , Marcus produce a nylon duffel bag . workmanlike as the grinch , but ten time faster , he fill it with the cash . as he load the money : korean man goddamn cocksucker ! tyrell shut the fuck up ! untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 3. at the table , Marcus clean out the count machine , shove the bill into the duffel bag . bama nudge the Korean man . bama where the rest at ? korean man that all , no more ! romeo ( glance at he watch ) sixty second ! marcus a-ight , we do . bama fuck 's the rest of the money ?! marcus we get what we need , let 's go ! bama lemme grab the lotto . marcus I say let 's -- just then , another colombian guard appear in the front doorway , raise a saw - off shotgun ... ka-blammm ! ! ! a huge hole be blow in the wall inch from bama 's head . with the woman scream , bama hold he shattered eardrum as Marcus spray the uzi at the Guard , take he out . Marcus shove the duffel into Romeo 's hand . marcus gol ! get ! as Romeo bolt off , tyrell cover the room while Marcus grab bama , carry he out the door with one arm . ext . darkened STREET - night in panic mode , Romeo sprint to the suburban , toss the duffel in . Marcus rush up hold bama , tyrell follow . keryl marcus fuck happen in there ?! help I get he in ! Romeo and tyrell help Marcus lift bama , pile in after he . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 4 , marcus drive !! gol ! gol ! as they screech off , siren blare in the distance and we ... cuT to : a cherry top light -- spin wildly , flash in the dark . the camera pull back to reveal it 's on a ambulance that screech down the Van wyck Expressway . on screen appear : 1976 int . ambulance - night marcus ( v.0 . ) I be bear in 1976 , same year as the bicentennial . laying on the gurney be katrina , 15 , pretty , African - american and very pregnant ; she moan loudly , in full labor . her mother , 40s , hold she hand as a paramedic check she vital . katrina it hurt ! ohhh ! motherfucker !! mother I do it nine time , baby , I know . and as Katrina continue moan ... marcus ( v.o. ) the little girl on the gurney 's my mom . she 's fifteen year old . int . katrina's bedroom - night a cramped room ; stevie wonder & Charlie 's angel ( the tv show ) poster on the wall , clothes everywhere . with she three sister asleep nearby , Katrina lay awake , stare at a mirrore disco ball hang from the ceiling . marcus ( v.o. ) I never know for sure who my pop be - she never really talk about he at all . she always tell I I be the immaculate conception . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 5 . suddenly the disco ball start glow ; a bright , other - worldy light fill the room , reflect off stevie wonder 's sunglass . it wash down over Charlie 's angel , alight Katrina 's face as she sit up in bed . marcus ( v.0o . ) I guess I like that better than the truth , which be probably that he be some no - account nigga from the hood . int . taco bell ~ day Katrina , now 19 , scoops meat into a row of taco shell . marcus ( v.o . ) it do not really matter anyway - with my mom around , I do not need no dad . see most girl she age woulda go on welfare , let the government pay they ass , but Katrina philip be not about that shit . int . taco bell - back room - night Katrina punch she time card , open she pay envelope , glance at the check - $ 89.00 . she frown slightly . marcus ( v.0 . ) she assess she option , tradin’ fast food for fast money . ext . guy brewer boulevard - queen - day Katrina , 22 and blinge - out , lean into a monte Carlo full of white college guy . the driver hand she a $ 20 ; she slip he a foil packet of coke . as he pull away , Katrina head back to she spot on the corner , sip a sprite . further up the block , a hard - look hustler we will come to know as topcat , 28 , give she a subtle nod . marcus ( v.0 . ) time she be twenty two , she have she own house and a brand new buick regal -- for I , every day be Christmas with my mom . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 6 . ext . toy ' R US - parking lot - day Marcus , now 8 and wear a thick gold chain , run suit and bright white sneaker , hold a armload of toy as he follow Katrina toward a a shiny black ' 84 buick regal . marcus can we go to carvel ? katrina ( check she beeper ) I gotta make a stop first , baby . ext . guy brewer boulevard - queen - day with rap music on the radio , the regal sit park at the curb , Marcus in the passenger seat play with a '' Mr. T '' a- team action figure . nearby , Katrina stand argue with slim , rail thin , geri-curled , 20 . topcat , the hustler we meet earlier , mediate . katrina nine time I tell this motherfucker stay on he side the boulevard ! slim you own this fuckin’ street ? opportunity knock , I take the sale , bitch . katrina nlunge at he ) who you call bitch , motherfucker ?! Katrina slap and scratch at slim ; he try to fight back . topcat slim whoa , whoa ! do not push I , girl - I will fuckin’ beat you ass ! topcat separate the two of they . topcat chill now , fuck you doin ' ?! you do not do that shit out here ! katrina lionel richie-lookin 's motherfucker . topcat give they hard look . thing calm down , then : untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 7 . topcat here 's how it 's gonna be . trina work the south side of brewer and you stay the fuck ' cross the street . slim bitch be pickin’ my pocket . topcat ( reach for he gun ) fuck I just say motherfucker ? topeat stare he down , ice - cold eye . a few beat , then : topcat now get you bony ass back there . slim shoot Katrina a look , then cross the street . katrina pussy ass nigga . topcat take it easy . everybody gonna eat . topeat look over , notice Marcus sit in the car . he cross to he , lean inside , smile . int . katrina's regal ~ continuous topcat hey lil 's homey , who you get there ? marcus Mr. T. topcat Mr. T ?! I ever tell you ' bout the time I whupped he ass ? marcus you buggin’ . Mr. T be bad . topcat smile , pat Marcus 's head as Katrina get in the car . katrina I be droppin 's he off , I 'il be back later . topcat time 's money , trina . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 8. topcat cross off . Katrina settles in . Marcus be quiet . katrina y'all right baby boy ? marcus why be you fightin’ with that man ? katrina who , slim ? he be tryin' to take somethin’ belong to I baby , and you can not let people do that . you gotta be strong . marcus I do not like when people fight . katrina what you worried about ? do not you know I no never let nothin’ happen to you ? look at I , baby . ( off he look ) I will always protect you . marcus I know . katrina c'mon now , let 's get some carvel . int . grandman house - live room - night now in pj 's , Marcus sit on the couch eat carvel ice cream with six other boy and girl range from age 12 to 25 . marcus ( v.o. ) though Katrina have she own crib , a lot of time I stay with my grandparent and my eight aunt and uncle -- shit , some of they niggas be not much older than I . uncle sport , 17 , and grandpa attempt to hook up a new vcr . uncle sport you plugge it in output . you gotta use input . grandpa shut you ig ' nant mouth ' for I input my boot up you ass . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 9 . the camera drift to the foyer , where Katrina and Marcus 's grandma , now 5as , be in the midst of a hushed argument . grandma he do not need you money , Katrina , he need you . katrina he get I . I be here , be not I ? grandma and when you go get yourself in jail , then what ? katrina I be not goin 's to jail , will you stop sweatin’ my ass ? grandma do not you use that lang --~ Katrina look , notice something . grandma turn to see what it be ~ Marcus be watch they . they trade look . a truce . grandma Marcus , say goodbye to you mama . Marcus approach . Katrina kneel down , smile . katrina I will see you Saturday , okay , baby ? marcus can we get the atari ? katrina I tell you we could , do not I ? ( off Marcus 's smile ) now gimme a kiss . Marcus kiss he mother ; she hug he , exit . ext . katrina nos house ~ long island - night late . Katrina pull the regal into the driveway of a neat ranch style home on a quiet suburban street . marcus ( v.0o . ) turned out I never do get that atari -- Katrina do not show up that Saturday . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 10 . int . katrina ‘s house - long island - night Katrina enter the foyer , flip on the light . and as soon as she close the door ... slim appear from behind it , slip a electrical cord around she throat . knee in she back , he yank violently on the cord , lift she off she foot . Katrina flail wildly , kick , scratch , eye bulg . slim tighten he grip . marcus ( v.0 . ) that be the day they find she body . ext . katrina's house - long island ~- day a few kide on bicycle look on as two uniformed men from the coroner 's office remove Katrina 's corpse in a body bag . marcus ( v.o. ) just like that , my mom 's life end . life as I know it end too . int . grandma's house - live room - day near a meager Christmas tree , the family sit around in robe and pj' , look on as Marcus unwrap a few simple present . marcus ( v.0 . ) with my grandpa on disability and eight other kid to feed , shit like atari be a thing of the past . Marcus open a gift - a bag of small green plastic Army Men . ext . rockaway boulevard -~ day bookbag over he shoulder , Marcus walk to school past board - up storefront ; garbage , break glass everywhere . marcus ( v.0o . ) in addition to I , that summer there be another new arrival in queen -- crack sweep through like a hurricane . some folk say it be the worst thing ever happen to the hood ... untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 11 . siren in the distance , Marcus side - step a filthy , pregnant crack ho , who stand with a few other emaciate fiend . marcus ( v.0o . ) some say it be the best . a hustler drive by in a gleam ' 85 bonneville , drip with gold jewelry as rap music blare from he stereo . ext . public school - day the bell ring ; kide pour out of the graffiti-cover school , include Marcus and cameron , a skinny kid in glass about he own age . in contrast to Marcus 's hand - me-down , cameron be well dress , wear a brand new starter jacket . cameron ... then rambo grab the chinese dude and hit he like pow !! marcus who , the first dude ? across the street , some older kide hang out smoking , boom - box cranke . they ringleader , kenneth , a scary - look , light - skinned , redhead bully about 13 spot cameron . kenneth yo , yo , cameron . hold up ! cameron marcus ( nervous ) ( to cameron ) Nah man , I gotta go home . who that ? kenneth yo , lemme holla at you a second ! cameron run Marcus ! Marcus and cameron take off run . Kenneth start chase they , but can not dodge the traffic to cross the street . kenneth I catch you little nigga that jacket be mine ! ext . grandma 's house - STREET - dusk Marcus and cameron sit quietly on the curb , carve they name in the blacktop with nail . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 12 . cameron you ever think about you mom ? marcus I dunno , sometimes . cameron shit 's mess up . Marcus half - shrug . a few beat , then : cameron wanna play skelly ? marcus okay , lemme get my cap . they stand . just then , the street light come on . cameron aww , man . marcus ( v.0o . ) cameron be a rarity in the hood , a kid with somethin‘ almost no other kid have - a mom and a dad . across the street , cameron 's father , 35 , poke he head out of the screen door of a small , neatly - keep house . cameron' father cameron ! cameron I know . see you tomorrow , Marcus . Marcus watch as cameron cross the street and go inside . marcus ( v.o. ) every night when that street light come on , it be time for cameron to go in . I hate that fuckin’ light . ext . grandma 's house - STREET - night Marcus stand alone in the desert street , throw rock at the street light 's bulb . after a few try with no success , he sit , take a small plastic soldier from he pocket . he play with it a bit , then after a while start talk to it : untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 13 . marcus what ' chu worried about , man ? you gotta be tough . do not you know I 'il always protect you ? Marcus sit alone , the sound of siren in the distance ... ext . public school - schoolyard - day in the garbage - strewn schoolyard , rap music play from a nearby boom box . Marcus look on with a few other kide as a girl break - dance on a piece of cardboard . kid # 1 , kid # 2 pop-lock like you do before ! that shit crazy . just then , outside the fence , a commotion . Marcus look , see cameron surround by the bully Kenneth and he boy . kid # 1 oh snap , cameron in trouble now . as Kenneth try to yank off cameron 's jacket , Marcus reach in he pocket . he squeeze the plastic soldier , then purposefully stride across the schoolyard onto the street . kid # 2 where you goin’ , Marcus ? marcus ( v.0 . ) growin 's up in the hood it 's a constant battle to get nice thing . barely miss a step , Marcus grab a loose six - inch piece of concrete from the sidewalk around a tree . marcus ( v.o. ) it 's a bigger battle to keep ‘em . Marcus approach Kenneth , whose back be to he as he roughly yank off cameron 's starter jacket . marcus hey ! Kenneth turn and ... whammmm !! Marcus smashes he across the face with the concrete . a gash immediately open over Kenneth 's eye , blood pour down he shirt as he go down . marcus touch he again I will fuck you ass up ! all you motherfucker ! untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 14 . Kenneth crawl to he foot , run off . his gang suddenly get very quiet . Marcus stare they down - no one have the ball to challenge he . he lead cameron back to the schoolyard ... marcus ( v.o . ) over the next few year , I make a reputation for myself with the other kid . and in the hood , reputation be the cornerstone of power . ext . rockaway boulevard - day Marcus , now 12 , walk down the street . he stop to look in the window of '' value World shoe '' , where a sharp - look pair of adida 's be on display with a price tag of $ 75 . marcus ( v.0 . ) the problem with a reputation 's you gotta live up to it . and it 's hard lookin’ fly wearin 's pro fuckin ' ked . Marcus look down at he own ratty sneaker and head off . ext . guy brewer boulevard - day a deject Marcus walk down the street , which be dot with crack hustler and fiend . on the corner , look like a million buck , topcat lean on he ' 88 caddy Seville , smooth - talk a neighborhood hottie . as Marcus pass by : topcat yo , how you doin 's , b.g .? marcus I be a-ight . as the hottie cross off , Marcus approach topcat . topcat look at you , all grow up . so what 's happenin’ , brother ? marcus I dunno . goin 's to school . topcat educate thyself , you mama no be proud . so you need anything ? untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 1s . marcus Nah . topcat ah , see now you lyin’ to topcat . everybody need somethin’ . marcus fshrug ; shy ) tryin 's to hold some adida 's . topcat sneaker , that all ? shit , I will have you rockin’ sneaker and some new gear . ext . queen 's plaza mall - day with Marcus in the passenger seat , topcat pull the Seville into the mall parking lot , rap music thumping . marcus ( v.0 . ) there 's two sure way to get a kid to do somethin’ . take away what they already have or give ‘em somethin’ they want . int . queen' plaza mall - montage in a shoe store , Marcus try on new adida 's ; topcat pay in cash from a thick wad . another store ; Marcus pick out a starter jacket , match hat . in a jewelry store , Marcus reluctantly pick out a gold chain ; topcat nod it 's okay . marcus ( v.0o . ) you wanna make friend , givin ' somethin’ they want work a whole lot better . int . mcdonald 's - day nearly empty . eat a Big Mac , wear he new clothes , Marcus sit across from topcat , who smoke , but do not eat . topcat tell you man , you mom ? that there be a special lady . and smart ? shit . she love you ass too , you know . untitled 50 cent Project and revision 09/12/04 16 . marcus I know . topcat ( a few beat ; then ) like you new thread ? marcus you trippin 's ? they great . topcat tell you what ... nah , forget it . marcus what ? topcat Nah , you too young . marcus no I be not , what ? topeat feign that he 's think it over , then '' cave '' . topcat a-ight , but only cause you mom be a friend of mine . instead of you askin’ for fish , how you have like if I give you a pole instead ? ( off Marcus 's confusion ) what I be sayin 's be how would you like to be able to buy all this shit yourself . matter fact , how you would like to be able to buy anything you want ? marcus shit yeah . topcat look around , then lean in . topcat here 's the thing then , man to man . you know what crack be , right ? ( off Marcus 's nod ) well you should never ever do that shit , it fuck you all up . but long as there 's other niggas stupid enough to do it , why not turn that to you advantage ? ( look around ; pull out a vial ) see this little shit ? ( more ) untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 17 . topcat ( cont would ) you can stand on brewer thirty second , sell it to a fiend for ten dollar . marcus ten dollar for that ? topcat tell you what else . he get the paper , that same fiend gonna come back in two hour buy another . marcus shit . topcat ( smile ; then ) a-ight , here 's I ’ma do , I 'ma hook you up , give you a tryout . topcat fhold up vial ) we go back to brewer , I ' mar give you five of this . every four you pump for I , you pump one for yourself , keep the money . that 's a ten dollar profit . marcus whoa . topcat this a big opportunity little man , you sure you can handle it ? marcus Hell yeah . and as Marcus and topcat shake hand , we freeze frame : marcus ( v.0o . ) from that moment , I be addict to crack . not doin 's it -- sellin’ it . ext . guy brewer boulevard - day as topcat look on from down the block , 12 - year - old Marcus stand amidst a few other hustler range from age 16 to 25 . marcus ( v.0o . ) every afternoon from three to six I be out on the street . untitle 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 18 , a gypsy cab pull up ; the passenger wave Marcus over . he approach , trade crack for cash ; the cab pull off . int . grandma 's house - kitchen - day close on a clock - 6:12 p.m . Marcus enter , pass grandma , who smile at he as she make spaghetti . marcus ( v.0o . ) I tell my grandma I join some bullshit after-school program . ext . guy brewer boulevard ~ day Marcus be on the street ; a shaky fiend , 20 , approach with a handful of crumpled - up singles . marcus ( v.0o . ) most hustler would not take singles , but I , I no take fuckin’ penny that 's all a fiend have . int . boy ' bedroom - basement - day use a phone book to lean on , Marcus use a steam iron to neatly press a stack of bill into crisp , flat note . marcus ( v.0 . ) I get so obsessed with money I use to iron the bill out , count how much I have over and over and over . int . boy 's bedroom - basement - day Marcus sit on the bed , finish lace up he old pair of pro ked . he grab he bookbag , exit . int . grandma's house - kitchen - day Marcus enter the kitchen , say goodbye to grandma , who serve grandpa waffle at the table . grandma get you chess club today , baby ? marcus yeah , till six . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 19 . grandpa Boy a genius . Marcus exit . marcus ( v.o. ) the fuck up thing be for all the green I be holdin’ , I could not let my grandparent know about it . ext . cameron 's house - back yard - day as cameron act as look - out , Marcus slip off he ked , then pull a hefty bag out from behind the garage . cameron come on Marcus , hurry . from a small selection of brand new pair of sneaker , Marcus remove a pair of snow white adida 's from the bag . marcus ( v.0 . ) I stashed my real sneaker over behind cameron 's garage . and as he start change he sneaker ... ext . guy brewer boulevard - night Marcus and a few other hustler stand around a boombox , which blare nwa . one of they , a scary , droopy - eye thug we will come to know as junebug , 16 , bop he head to the music . marcus ( v.0o . ) it be right around this time I first get into rap . I mean once nwa drop they shit , every nigga I know be rhymin’ . junebug yo , you feelin’ this shit ? marcus ( v.0 . ) for the first time we hear music that truly reflect we life ... ext . guy brewer boulevard - day Marcus and cameron make they way down the street , pass a hustler who rap as a few other look on . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 20 . marcus ( v.o. ) hustler , fiend , even little kid want to be rapper . I and my friend no fuck around in the yard , write we own verse . ext . public school - schoolyard - day Marcus , cameron and a few other 5th grader look on as one of they , leonard , rap to a tired , old - school beat . leonard my name be . Leonard and I be here to say / that I be the best rapper in the world today ... marcus ( v.o. ) the difference be I take it serious , actually work at it . ext . public school - schoolyard - the same kide be gather near Marcus , who rap to a beat . he 's colorful , clever and very talented , but way too hardcore for a 5th grader , with lyric about crack , murder and pussy . a teacher walk by on she way into the school , overhear Marcus as he rap . and on she appal expression ... marcus ( v.0 . ) but much as I like rappin’ , it be sort of just a hobby -- nothin 's give I a rush like makin’ money . ext . guy brewer boulevard - day Marcus , now 15 and wear new clothes and jewelry , work the street . nearby we see junebug , now 19 , in a tense discussion with a thug in a yankee 's cap . marcus ( v.0 . ) not that hustlin 's do not have its down -side . there be fierce fuckin’ competition . a strung - out woman pull up in a car ; Marcus and two other hustler race to make the sale . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 21 . ext . guy brewer boulevard - night with other hustler nearby , Marcus selis to Kenneth , the schoolyard bully , who now have a scar over he eye . marcus ( v.0 . ) plus there be always the po-po to worry about . hustler ( 0.c. ) five - 0 !! Kenneth run off . Marcus bolt behind a park car , duck down as a police cruiser pass by . ext . guy brewer boulevard - day Marcus sell to a fiend . nearby , talk on a pay phone be the thug in the yankee 's cap . marcus ( v.0 . ) but you biggest problem be one you might not even know you have ... a rusty Nissan roll to a stop . as casually as if he 's buy a newspaper , junebug emerge from the back , walk to the thug in the yankee cap ... marcus ( v.0o . ) beef with another nigga . blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! junebug empty a Glock into yankee cap ' S body , finish he off with three head shot . as blood pool on the sidewalk , junebug lock eye with Marcus , then jump back in the Nissan , which screech off . marcus ( v.0o . ) it 's some fuck up shit , but as they say , no risk , no reward . and by the time I be 15 , I have more '' reward '' than I could hide . ext . guy brewer boulevard - day as Marcus , junebug and a few other hustler look on from down the street , topcat stand talk to a shifty - look , gold - toothe hustler we will come to know as odell , 27 . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 22 . marcus ( v.0 . ) Cash , jewelry , I even have my own kawasaki I would ride to school every day . but all that shit be nothin’ compare to what some niggas have . in slo - mo , a midnight blue roll royce pull over near topcat and odell . from up front step two hard - look gangstas in they 20 -- majestic , shave head , and breeze , dred . they look around , then open the rear door for levar cahill , late - 30 , dress from head to toe in leather and diamond . marcus ( v.0 . ) in the New York coke trade , not even the colombian be bigger than levar cahill . as majestic and Breeze look on , levar greet topcat and odell , who smile broadly , flash he prominent gold tooth . marcus ( v.0 . ) fuck , that nigga be the New York coke trade , the gangsterest nigga there be . hustler # 1 whoa , check that fuckin’ ride . junebug roll be not shit . bentley , that 's my fuckin’ car . just then , from down the block : topcat Marcus ! yo Marcus ! topcat wave Marcus over . he start over , tentative . junebug oooh , look at this nigga . Fresh off the step , now he hangin’ with the big daw . Marcus approach nervously . levar turn to topcat . levar cahill who this little nigga ? topcat you remember trina , right ? ( off he confusion ) trina ? untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 23. levar cahill ( flash of recognition ) oh yeah , right . right . topcat this here she baby boy . levar cahill Word ? levar smile broadly , look Marcus over approvingly . topcat Little nigga move more weight than five of this other motherfucker . odell true that , boy a worker bee . from down the block , junebug look on , clearly jealous at the attention Marcus be get from the big man . levar cahill so you out there grindin’ , makin 's I money ? marcus yeah , I ... you like a God to I , Mr. cahill . levar cahill ( smile broadly ) like a God ? Little nigga I be God , buddha and motherfuckin’ Allah roll into one . ext . public school - day Marcus pull up on he motorcycle , park it outside . marcus ( v.0 . ) I go home that night in a daze , I mean meetin’ levar cahill be like meetin ' a movie star , even better . we see a makeshift cardboard license plate as Marcus take he backpack and head off toward the school entrance . marcus ( v.o. ) I still be not thinkin’ straight when I leave for school next day . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 24 . int . public school ~ day student wait on line to go through a metal detector , place they bag on a table to be searched . Marcus approach . security guard bag . Marcus hand over he backpack . the guard open it , pulis out a notebook , gym clothes , a pair of hi-top with roll up sock stuff inside . he pull out the sock - and out spill a dozen crack vial . Marcus look as shocked as the Guard . marcus oh fuck . ext . public school - later as a few teachers and student look on , a cop lead a handcuff Marcus to a wait police car . marcus ( v.0 . ) the truth be I be not sneakin’ that shit inside , I never hustle at school . I have hide it in there week ago and forget all about it . int . court ~ day Marcus , head bow , stand with he lawyer before a judge as grandma and grandpa look on from the spectator section . lawyer it 's a first offense , you honor , he 's fifteen year old . he be hold it for a friend . judge ( think a beat ; then ) he all pay a fine of five hundred dollar and I '' recommend he be suspend from school for two week . and Mr. philip ? ( off Marcus 's look ) if I ever see you in my courtroom again you will go to jail . Marcus nod , cross with he lawyer to he grandparent . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 25 . marcus ( v.o. ) I know this sound twisted , but I blame gettin’ catch on my grandparent . Way I see it , if I do not have to hide my shit , this never woulda happen . int . grandma's house - live room - day Marcus sit on the couch across from he grandparent . grandpa be that what you wanna be , a damn disgrace ?! grandma a boy you age , Marcus . and you have such intelligence . grandpa what about you future ? they keep talk , but we can not hear they at all . marcus ( v.0 . ) for a kid in the hood , the future 's the shit you see in Star Wars . shit , most niggas I know catch a bullet way before they be 30 , so what kinda future be that ? topcat ( v.0 . ) ( game show host voice ) so here 's the deal ... int . game show set - fantasy sequence on the set of '' let 's make a drug deal '' , Marcus stand with topcat , who 's dress and act like a cheesy game show host . topcat you can stand on the corner , hustle crack and have enough money for a mercede in six month ... topcat nod toward he lovely game show assistant , in bikini , heel and fur as she fawn over a mercede 450sl . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 26 . topcat or you can bust you black ass , go to college for twelve year and maybe have enough leave over for a down payment on a Ford fuck escort . topcat gesture to he other assistant - a fat , middle - age housewife gesture to a shitty Ford escort . topcat so what 's it gonna be Marcus , door number one , the mercede , or door number two , the escort ? the audience be pack with young black male . audience member # 1 audience member # 2 you crazy nigga ?! number one ! get that coochie too ! one ! back to marcus , who stand with topcat think it over . marcus ( v.0 . ) not much of a choice , be it ? int . marcus 's apartment - bedroom - day with he back to the camera , wear a brand new track suit , Marcus finish dress , lace up he sneaker . marcus ( v.0 . ) Truth be get catch do do I gome good . close on he hand as he put on some jewelry . marcus ( v.o. ) now that it be all in the open , it force I to decide who I be and who I want to be . he clip a beeper on he waist , slip a .380 in he pocket . marcus ( v.0o . ) at the end of the day , all thing consider ... the adult Marcus , 18 , turn and look directly into camera . marcus I '' a fuckin’ hustler , baby . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 27 . ext . guy brewer boulevard - day softly rapping to himself , Marcus stand at he designate spot on the street , a few other hustler up the block . ( note : whenever possible , we should see Marcus rapping to himself out of habit , the way some people hum . ) marcus ( v.0 . ) with my purpose in life now clear , I move out my grandma 's and quit school -- now I could be on the street all day . a Toyota celica pull over . Marcus run to it , lean in the window . the driver be a shaky white businessman , 30 . businessman let I get two purple top . marcus buy four , I give you five . the businessman nod . Marcus make the sale . ext . guy brewer boulevard - ( later that ) night the street be crowded with traffic . Marcus make a sale to a fiend , five other line up behind he . marcus ( v.o. ) fuck , it be busy I have grind all night , would not even go home to sleep . ext . guy brewer boulevard ~ ( the next ) morning Dawn . Marcus , still in the same clothes , doze on a bench , the only hustler on the street . the same white businessman pull up in the Toyota . Marcus make the sale . marcus ( v.0 . ) I be master of the fast flip . I have buy three and a half gram from topcat ... int . marcus 's apartment - live room - day in boxer and strapless T , Marcus watch '' New Jack City '' on video as he fill purple - top vial with crack rock . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 28 . marcus ( v.0 . ) cook it , bag it up and pump it . ext . guy brewer boulevard - day Marcus make a sale to Kenneth , the schoolyard bully , who at 21 have become a thin , hollow - eye crack fiend . marcus ( v.0o . ) I have take that money , buy seven gram . int . topcat' apartment - live room - day topcat , clearly have be wake up , make a sale to Marcus . topcat nyawn ) fuck time be it ? marcus ( v.0o . ) Seven turn to fourteen , fourteen to twenty eight and so on . ext . guy brewer boulevard - day hot. summer . the street be pack with car , hustler , fiend and regular people just hang out . marcus ( v.0 . ) before long that three and a half gram be like Jack and the beanstalk . shit grow so big I have to expand , put together my own crew . Pov -- through a series of car driver' side window marcus ( v.o. ) there be antwan , a sharp -dressin’ , ball - breakin’ nigga from harlem ... antwan , slick , well - dress , 16 , lean in the car window . antwan yo son , you buyin 's or drivin ' round the block ? I know you do not wave I over to suck my dick or do you ? untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 29 . marcus ( v.0 . ) Romeo , who would fuck a cocker spaniel it do not bite he first ... romeo , 17 , small , horny , lean in the car window . romeo hey girl , you fine , you know that ? tell I what ' chu need baby . marcus ( v.o. ) keryl , a fat little nigga who talk more shit than Don King ... keryl , 16 , fat , lean in the car window . keryl fuck dawg , I get whatever you need . all this other niggas come see I when they need they shit . marcus ( v.0o . ) finally there be my boy , tyrell . tyrell , 18 , muscular , lean in the car window . tyrell what up yo , how you doin 's ? marcus ( v.0 . ) straight up , dependable , my second in command . ext . guy brewer boulevard - night Marcus and the Crew stand together look into the camera . each hold a stack of fan - out cash in he hand . marcus ( v.0o . ) this be my dream team - my brother ~ five niggas dedicated to one thing and one thing only -- gettin’ pay . int . marcus 's apartment - kitchen — night pour rain ; thunder . in the live room , Romeo channel - surf , smoke a joint . at the table , Marcus rap to himself as he , tyrell and antwan play domino for money , drink 40s . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 30 . antwan C ’mon nigga , will you go ' for mushroom start growin’ out you ass ? tyrell fuckin 's strategizin 's here . ( beat ; then to Marcus ) will you stop fuckin’ singin 's so 's I can think ? marcus ( laugh ) you either get the bone or you do not , motherfucker . tyrell make he move . Marcus slam down he last domino . marcus boo-yah ! ! ( cackle ; grab money ) strategize my dick you dumb -ass nigga , I know you be gonna throw that shit ! tyrell you know shit , motherfucker . a knock at the door . Marcus cross , look out the peephole . keryl it 's I yo , open up . Marcus open the door . keryl stand there , soak from head to toe . the guy scream with laughter as he enter . antwan look at this free willy motherfucker all wet -- I tell you he live in the ocean ! keryl fuckin 's rainin’ out , motherfucker . yo , you hear about levar cahill ? get he ass arrest , yo . marcus oh , fuck . tyrell what 's this fuckin’ mean ? the Crew all look to Marcus . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 31 . marcus ( v.0 . ) what it mean be levar be goin 's away ... but that do not mean for a second he would not still be runnin’ thing . ext . chelsea pier - manhattan - day under a sign read '' bon voyage levar '' , dozen of hustler and they scantily - clad girlfriend board a huge party boat . marcus ( v.o. ) the big question be who have take over he day - to- day -- and my man topcat seem like the logical choice . int . party boat - night the pack boat cruise the Hudson River , the light of Manhattan glisten behind it . Music , dance , cristal flow , tuxedo - clad waiter serve giant shrimp . off to the side of the dance floor , the camera find marcus , champagne in hand as he take in the opulence . nearby , a very sharply - ~ dress topcat nuzzle he girlfriend 's neck as odeil , the gold - toothe hustler , talk to some other player . topcat ( playful ; bite she neck ) tonight be the night , baby . topcat 's girlfriend giggle . just then , the crowd part . levar approach with he bodyguard majestic and Breeze . levar cahill ( to topecat ; as they hug ) get a room motherfucker . Manhattan be not but a quarter mile away . topcat yo g , it be not too late . you want I ' 1l get this motherfucker turn this boat around , drive it straight to motherfuckin’ Africa . levar cahill and live over there with they jungle niggas ? in 1l do my time . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 32 . they all laugh . levar wink at Marcus , then : levar cahill y ’all know majestic , right ? topcat marcus yeah , yeah . what up , b? ' sup . majestic my nigga Breeze . Breeze just nod . levar look over toward the dj , gesture for he to cut the music . the crowd groan . DI all right yo , simmer down , we guest of honor wanna holla at you a bit . as the crowd hoot and holler , levar cross the dance floor , guest patting he back as he go . he take the mic . levar cahill y ’all havin 's a good time ? { the crowd scream ) what ?! all they niggas back in queen can not hear y’all ! ( they scream louder ) how ' bout they niggas in Brooklyn ? ( they scream even louder ) fuck they Jersey niggas , who give a fuck about they . ( the crowd laugh ) on the real though , we all know why we be here and that 's to say goodbye to my ass . girl in crowd ( 0.s. ) we love you levar ! levar cahill I love y'all , too . Main thing though 's even though I be go , I ‘ma always be around in spirit . and just to make sure y‘all do not forget that , I '' appointin’ someone to remind y’all ... Marcus look at topcat , odell and the other older hustler , all look on in anticipation . topcat breathes in , squeeze he girlfriend 's hand . clearly he think he 's the one . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 33 . levar cahill majestic , c’mon up here , son . the crowd go wild as majestic cross the dance floor . topcat and the other do they best to hide they emotion , applaud with everyone else , but clearly they be piss . majestic ( into mic ) hey yo , what up , how y’all doin ' ? let 's give it up for levar ... Marcus look at topcat , do he best to hide he anger . and as topcat stalk . off ... ext . guy brewer boulevard - day with junebug work down the street , Marcus be in mid-sale to a fiend as he talk to tyrell , antwan and keryl . marcus I be tellin’ you man , there be mad fuckin’ money on that yacht . diamond and gold like a fuckin’ pirate ship . tyrell Word ? marcus forget about the pussy , yo , there be bitch there be off the fuckin’ hook . romeo sign I up for that shit . marcus one day we get there , b , we all will long 's we stick together . tyrell I hear that . keryl I read about some pirate ship crash right off the harbor there in Brooklyn . antwan fuck you talkin’ about ? untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 34 . keryl back in the day , fuckin’ slave ship fill with jewel and shit . marcus probably the one bring you monkey - ass relative . keryl ( off they laughter ) fuck you niggas , one day I ' mar scuba dive , fuckin’ find that shit . marcus ( point across street ) well meantime there 's a fiend over there want to give you ten dollar , so why not you go fuckin’ get it ? keryl I be serious yo , they gonna put up a statue of my ass . Marcus shake he head as keryl cross off ... marcus ( v.0 . ) the difference between I and niggas like keryl be they would dream about doin’ bigger shit ... int . topcat' apartment - bedroom ~- day topcat open a wall safe , remove a kilo of cocaine . marcus ( v.0 . ) I have fuckin’ do it . int . topcat 's apartment - live room - day topcat enter the live room . Marcus sit on the couch , a paper bag on the coffee table in front of he . topcat ( hand he the kilo ) full bird son , you movin 's up in the world . marcus if it be not up , it 's down . onod to the paper bag ) thirty thousand in there . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 35 . topcat makin 's my new boss a rich nigga . I need to count this shit ? marcus what you think ? topcat smile , cross to a bar . grab a bottle of hennessy . topcat Little Henry ? marcus fuckin 's ten in the mornin’ . topcat well excuse I , motherfucker , you plannin’ on flyin’ a airplane ? Marcus smile . topcat pour half a rock glass of hennessy . he downs it , pour another . sit back on the couch . marcus so I be thinkin’ after I pump this shit , I be gonna get I one of they land rover . topcat Big ride for a little nigga . ( smile ; a few beat ) you know I be the one teach you mom how to drive . marcus Word ? topcat parkin 's lot there at the beach , riis Park . we have go out there in the winter it be all empty , icy and shit . she have be skiddin’ that fuckin’ thing all over the place . Marcus smile . they sit in silence a while , then : marcus ever hear what become of that nigga kill she ass ? topcat ( shake he head ) slim ? think he go down south somewhere , then I hear cali . ( more ) untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 69/12/04 36 . topcat ( cont would ) I woulda pop that motherfucker , feed he dick to my dog . marcus you ever find where he be , you gonna let I know , right ? topcat nigga probably dead by now anyway . topcat sip he hennessy ; he eye get misty . topcat she be a beautiful girl , you mom . a special girl . Marcus look at he . they sit there in silence . ext . guy brewer boulevard — day Marcus , antwan , keryl , tyrell and Romeo work the boulevard , sell to fiend on the street and in car . marcus ( v.o. ) over the next few week , I and my boy be grindin’ . ext . check cashing store - day a line of neighborhood people , welfare check in hand , stretch clear out the door . marcus ( v.o. ) best day be the first and fifteenth when the check come in . as fiend emerge , cash in hand , they join another line around the corner ... the one to buy crack from Marcus and tyrell . marcus ( v.o . ) not that it be all easy . see when you work the street , it 's jungle rule ... ext . guy brewer boulevard ~- day with he crew nearby , Marcus stand on a corner . across the street , a fiend pull up in a car , wave he over . but before Marcus can cross , junebug hustle up , take the sale . untitled 50 cent Project " 2nd revision 09/12/04 37 . marcus ( v.0 . ) and in the jungle , you either fight or get eat alive . the fiend pull off . Marcus approach junebug . marcus fuck you doin’ , that 's my sale . junebug get out my face , nig -- pow ! Marcus punch junebug in the mouth , knock he down . junebug oreach for he gun ) motherfucker ! I ’ma cap you ass . Marcus kick he in the face , then jam a .9 mm in he cheek . marcus how you gonna do that ? you gonna take on all of we ? junebug look up - tyrell , Romeo , keryl and antwan stand aim gun at he . junebug deflate . as Marcus take he gun and rifle he pocket for money , a BMW pull to the curb , Breeze drive , majestic next to he . majestic fuck you doin 's ? marcus nigga take my sale . majestic so you robbin ' he ? marcus I be takin 's what 's mine . majestic ( chuckle ) we all on the same team , Marcus . junebug ( scramble to he foot ) School this nigga ! breeze ( chuckle ) look like he schooling you , son . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 38. as the BMW pull off , a humiliate junebug turn to Marcus . junebug I ’ma see about you , motherfucker . in response , Marcus kick he in the ass . and as junebug stumble off , a fiend approach . Marcus make a sale ... marcus ( v.0 . ) within seventeen day , I flip that key -- twice . finally I have the cash I need to be somebody . int . car dealership - showroom - day as a salesman wait on a customer nearby , Marcus , look like a high school senior with a knapsack , circle a ' 94 land Rover . he spot salesman # 2 walk by with some brochure . marcus Excuse I . the guy ignore he , continue on he way . Marcus frown , look at the clock - 2:20 p.m . time dissolve : int . car dealership - showroom - later 2:43 p.m . Marcus stand at the land Rover rapping to himself as the first salesman finish with the customer , who exit . marcus Excuse I , can I get some help ? salesman I have some call to return . marcus I wanna buy this car here . salesman I too , kid . the salesman head off . Marcus stand there a beat , then look around , spot the sale office , head toward they . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 39 . int . car dealership - manager 's office ~- day jackie , 40s , a polyester - clad sale manager with a bad comb - over , sit at he desk talk into the phone . jackie so I will talk to my guy at BMW ... Marcus appear in the doorway . marcus you the manager ? jackie ( hand over mouthpiece ) yeah ? marcus I be tryin' to buy a land Rover . jackie talk to one of the salespeople . ( into phone ) you sure you wanna go with silver ? marcus I do already , they treatin’ I like I be invisible . jackie we be very busy here , son. {into phone ) I be sorry , you say silver , right ? as Jackie continue he call , Marcus approach the desk , unzip he knapsack . he turn it upside down -- dozen of rubber - band stack of cash spill out . Jackie look at the money , stunne . he hang up the phone , look at Marcus . jackie what no you say , a land Rover ? ext . car dealership - day as Jackie look on , Marcus drive the land Rover off the dealership lot , lurching and screeching as he head off . marcus ( v.0 . ) one thing about cash be it will get a motherfucker 's attention . ( more ) untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 40 . marcus ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) I do not even know how to drive and I leave there with a car . cat even leat I dealer plate till I could manage to get a license . ext . guy brewer boulevard - day Marcus beam as he sit in the driver 's seat of the land Rover ; antwan , keryl , tyrell and Romeo check it out . antwan will you look at this shit ?! keryl that be a hype fuckin’ ride ! marcus power moon roof , fuckin’ leather . romeo the coochie you gonna get with this , nigga ! marcus check it out , all Alpine -d up . Marcus hit the stereo ; rap blare . tyrell good for you , b , you fuckin’ deserve it . int . land rover - day his Crew riding with he , Marcus cruise rockaway boulevard , rapping along with the stereo . on the street , girl look over ; some wave , shake they ass . we guy go crazy . marcus ( v.0 . ) fuck Bank of America , a nigga from the hood ' will wear he money on he back . clothes , jewelry , car . Marcus pass junebug on the corner , who shoot he a look of pure , bitter envy . marcus ( v.0 . ) Way we look at it , what good 's ownin’ shit if people can not fuckin’ see it ? untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 41 . ext . club starlight - night a crowded club , patron spilling out onto the street . Marcus and the Crew , now dress to go out , pull up in the land Rover , park it around the corner . marcus ( v.0 . ) that night we take antwan out for he birthday . int . club starlight - night Music pump . hotties pack the dance floor , gangstas , hustler and neighborhood guy everywhere . as the camera pan the crowd , we find Marcus in the VIP section , a hottie name keisha hang all over he as he pour cristal . at the table with he , also with girl , be Romeo , tyrell , keryl and guest of honor antwan . marcus , seventeen , nigga . Old enough for the Army now . antwan fuck that , I be already at war . keryl you at war with my nose , that stink - ass fuckin’ cologne you wearin’ . tyrell {as they laugh ) can you see this nigga in the Army ? romeo mmock antwan ) Excuse I sergeant , this boot come in purple ? more laughter . Marcus raise he glass : marcus happy birthday , dawg . they all toast . just then , a commotion at the front door . Marcus and the guy look over to see darius clay , 30 , wear heavy gold chain and a leather pork - pie hat . as he enter with a small entourage , the crowd swarm he . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 42 . marcus fuck , check it -- Darius clay . keisha who ? antwan you fuckin’ serious ? marcus nigga 's one of the biggest record producer in the world . the music continue as Darius disappear into the crowd . after a while , the dj take the mic . dj y‘all ready for some free-style ? { the crowd cheer ) aight , let 's give it up for dangerous . Marcus watch a gangsta rapper ( dangerous ) take the stage , start free-styling . his face change as the camera push in on he -- do he wish it be he up there ? he look over at Darius clay , who 's take in dangerous from a table across the way . after a beat , Marcus start to head off . keisha where you goin 's baby ? Marcus cross off to the man 's room ... int . men ‘s room - night Marcus finish take a leak , then cross to the sink , where another guy be wash he hand . they finish , reach for a towel at the same time , look up at each other ... cameron Marcus ? marcus {as they hug ) . cameron ! shit , what up , doe , whatchu doin’ home ? cameron spring break , you know . here with some people from school . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 43. marcus come sit by we , VIP . int . club starlight - later as Darius watch another rapper free-style lame gangsta shit , we pan to the VIP section . cameron have now join the group , but keisha be over at the bar . marcus this here be my fuckin’ nigga , yo . math class , algebra and shit ? I copy everything off he ass . cameron you would have do some work , you might have pass on you own . marcus I know how to count nigga , that 's all the math I need . antwan ( toast with champagne ) I hear that . just then tyrell approach , lean in to talk to Marcus . tyrell lemme get you key , yo . marcus where you goin 's ? tyrell nowhere , back seat , man , this bitch over there itchin’ to go . Marcus look - a really hot girl busting out of spandex wait at the edge of the VIP section . Marcus hand over the key . marcus make sure that jimmy nice and tight , you bust a nut on that leather you gettin’ the whole fuckin‘ thing detailed . tyrell chuckle , take the key , exit with the girl . dj a-ight , give it up for chilly t! untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 44 , moderate applause for the lame gangsta rapper . keryl chilly T. this nigga suck . antwan why not you rock the mic , then ? call yourself chili fries . keryl fuck you , nigga . they all laugh . cameron turn to Marcus . cameron you still rappin ' ? marcus I dunno , not really . fuckin 's around . romeo fuck that , you can not shut this nigga up half the time . cameron like when we be kid . leilani ( 0.s. ) cameron , we be leavin 's ! cameron look over -- on the dance floor , leilani , 19 , stand with a few other college student include charlene , a very pretty neighborhood girl the same age ; Marcus check she out . cameron hold up , I gotta get my coat . marcus who the fuck be that ? cameron it be not like that , she 's just a friend from school . marcus ( be : charlene ) no , no , the one in the blue dress . cameron I do not know , she friend . great see you , man . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 45 . marcus you too bro , do not be a stranger , call a nigga . cameron nod , cross off with leilani to get he coat . Marcus approach charlene , pull she arm . marcus where you goin‘ , it 's early . charlene it 's two o'clock in the morning . marcus not everywhere . shit , in Hawaii it 's probably only lunch time . charlene ( think a second ; then ) actually it 's dinner time in Hawaii , but unfortunately we be not there . marcus I could make that happen real quick if that 's where you wanna go . charlene I be go home to sleep . marcus so i’1l come by , help you relax . charlene thanks , but I do not play that . marcus where you from , ' round the way ? charlene baisley house . marcus Project girl . charlene not for long , I get plan in life . marcus that 's cool . so lemme get you number , I will hit you up . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 46 . charlene look , you be very cute , okay , but I have a boyfriend . marcus you get a boyfriend , where be he ? you be my girl I no be right there at you side . charlene he 's away at college . marcus College ? girl I could teach you more in one night than he will learn in fifty year of college . from across the dance floor , leilani call out . leilani charlene , come on ! charlene I really have to go . can I have my arm back , please ? marcus hold up , c’mon , how I get to see you again ? charlene Close you eye and dream ? charlene cross off . Marcus stare after she as if he 's in a trance . keisha approach , notice he look . keisha who the fuck be that bitch ? marcus get off my dick . Marcus turn he back on she , head back to the VIP section . ext . club starlight - ( later that ) night over the sound of moan , the land Rover be rock , window fogge as tyrell fuck the hot girl from the club . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 47 . int . land rover - back seat - continuous out of breath and sweaty , tyrell pull he pants on as the girl finish straighten herself out . tyrell damn girl , I know you be a little fuck machine soon I see you . hot girl you fuck I so nasty , baby . tyrell well gimme you number , I ’1ll come by do it again . you ready ? the girl nod . tyrell open the door , step out and ... ext . land rover - STREET - continuous gangsta # 1 out the fuckin’ car nigga ! gangsta # 1 grab tyrell , jam a .9 mm against he head . as he shove he to the street , the hot girl scream , run off ... gangsta # 2 where 's the fuckin’ key ?! tyrell I ... my ... my pocket . gangsta # 1 give it up , motherfucker ! as tyrell fumble for the key , gangsta # 2 look around . gangsta # 2 fuck it , just do this nigga , c’mon ! and just as gangsta # 1 raise he gun to tyrell 's head ... blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! Shots ring out from behind . it 's marcus , approach , blast away with he .380 , he Crew behind he reach for they gun . gangsta # 2 take off as gangsta # 1 fire back , hit antwan in the head . he go down , bleed . keryl fuck !! untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 48 . Marcus keep fire , then gangsta # 1 take off run too , disappear up the street . as keryl help antwan , Romeo and Marcus run up to tyrell , still on he knee . marcus it 's okay , yo , you nre all right . romeo ( to Marcus ) yo man , I know they fuckin’ niggas ! Marcus turn to keryl , hover over antwan . keryl call a fuckin’ ambulance ! marcus fuck that , get he in the car . as a crowd of patron gather from the club , keryl and Romeo load antwan into the land Rover , blood pour from he wound . and as the rest of the Crew pile in , Marcus take off , police siren in the distance ... marcus ( v.0o . ) we take antwan to a hospital in the bronx , tell ‘em he get shot by a group of niggas try to rob he ... he die the next day . ext . ST . john' cemetery - queen - day a few dozen mourner stand near a coffin as a priest read from a bible . Marcus & the Crew fight back tear . marcus ( v.0o . ) much as we try to hide it , losin 's we boy hurt like hell . and in the hood , when someone hurt you ... you fuckin’ hurt they back . int . marcus 's apartment - ( live room ) night still in they funeral clothes , Marcus , Romeo , tyrell and keryl sit around drink . romeo I be tellin’ you them be rockaway niggas , I see ‘em over there . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 49 . marcus there it be then , we roll on up . keryl who gonna do it ? marcus I will . tyrell fuck that , they niggas be mine . pull I out the car like that ? shit . just get I a clean gat . marcus ( v.0 . ) when you roll with a crew , you gotta be willin’ to die for each other . you gotta be willin’ to kill for each other too . ext . housing project - queen - night late. quiet . a group of four gangstas , include the two from the attempt jack , stand bullshit on a corner . a steal Honda Accord cruise by unnotice , tyrell at the wheel , Marcus next to he , keryl and Romeo in back . int . honda accord - night tyrell that 's they , right there . romeo I tell you motherfucker . keryl pull over , pull over . marcus ( v.0 . ) a few night later , we find they niggas at the project in rockaway . unseen by the gangstas , Romeo pull over in front of a park moving van about 30 yard up the street . Marcus produce a Glock .9 mm , hand it to tyrell , who look around nervously . tyrell you sure this be cool ? untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 50 . marcus it 's cool , yo . you take this gat , you walk up real slow , keep it at you side . you get up close ... Marcus notice tyrell be tremble . a beat , then : marcus fuck it , you know what ? lemme show you how to pop this niggas . and before anyone can say a word , Marcus be out of the car . ext . housing project - queen - continuous quiet and calm , Marcus walk toward the gangstas as the Crew look on from the Honda . as he get within ten foot : gangsta # 1 hey yo , what up ? who you here - ~ blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! Marcus empty the clip into the crowd ; the gangstas go down , writhe , scream . as he calmly walk back to the Honda : marcus ( v.0 . ) if I do not have the respect of my crew already , I sure as shit do by the time I get back in that car . from that moment on , they know I no never ask they to do anything I would not do myself . int . honda accord - continuous Marcus get in . tyrell and the other look at he , stunne . marcus you wanna drive , motherfucker ? Romeo snap out of it , put the car in gear and pull off . ext . guy brewer boulevard - day Marcus and the Crew stand outside work the street . marcus ( v.0o . ) nobody fuck with we after that ... untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 51 . int . topcatn apartment - kitchen - day Marcus sit at the table lay out dozen of bundle of cash . topcat enter with three kilo of coke . marcus ( v.0 . ) we be ridin 's high ... int . marcus 's apartment - live room ~- day with a few hotty hang with they , Marcus , keryl , tyrell and Romeo put crack into vial , watch '' scarface '' on dvd . marcus makin 's mad fuckin’ money . ext . guy brewer boulevard - day with the crew nearby , Marcus lean in the window of a dodge caravan , sell a few vial to a huge black quy with a goatee . marcus ( v.0 . ) we be pumpin’ hard all day ... int . marcus 's apartment - bedroom - night with the sound of a party out the window , Marcus fuck the shit out of a neighborhood hottie . marcus ( v.0 . ) and pumpin’ even harder at night ... ext . marcus ' apartment build - pool area - night a wild party be in progress ; music , forty , food . girl be everywhere , many topless , splash in the pool . marcus ( v.0o . ) before long , the whole crew be livin 's in my building . it be like havin 's we own fuckin’ castle -- and I be the king . as the camera pan the group , we find Marcus in a lounge chair , the hottie he be just fuck massage he shoulder . Romeo approach with a shopping bag . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 52 . romeo yo , check this out . he remove a uzi from the bag . marcus fuck , where you get this ? romeo nigga k - Dog , two hundred dollar . just then , Marcus 's beeper go off . he check it , get up . int . marcus 's apartment - kitchen - night Marcus stand at the counter mixing a drink as he finish dial he cell . in the live room , keryl and tyrell check out the uzi while Romeo start grind with a girl . marcus ( into phone ) be ‘up , it 's I . ext . merrick boulevard - night topcat sit in a red BMW , talk on he cell . topcat Drop what you doin’ , meet I down merrick , we takin 's a ride . intercut marcus and topcat marcus when , now ? topcat fuck I just say ? topcat click off . Marcus hang up , look at Romeo , now make out with the girl on he couch . as he exit : marcus take that bitch down you own crib . fuckin 's stink up my couch ? ext . ace auto body - long island CITY - night a desert , industrial area . topcat and Marcus pull up in the BMW . several other luxury car be already there . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 53 . marcus fuck 's this shit ? topcat damn if I know . int . ace auto body - night topcat and Marcus enter the huge garage , where majestic , Breeze and about two dozen other hustler be wait . Breeze pull down the gate , lock they all inside . the hustler exchange wary look . majestic scan the group . majestic so I know y’all be askin’ yourself what the fuck 's goin 's on here -~ I no be askin’ myself that very same question . majestic pace among the group . it 's very tense . majestic see the thing 's this -- when you work for McDonald 's , you can not buy you burger from White Castle , right ? now why be that ? majestic stop at a nervous-look junebug . junebug ai not part the same company . majestic see even though you might get a better deal buyin’ from White Castle , in the long run it fuck everybody in the franchise , you feelin’ I ? majestic scan the group . they nod . majestic see right there then , that 's why we here . one of you motherfucker be buyin’ from White Castle . majestic look at they , linger on topcat . we piay the tension , then he motion for the group the follow he . in the next room , hang from the chain of a ten-ton auto body straightener , be the horribly beat and bloody odell , duct tape over he mouth . Breeze cross to he . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd 's revision 09/12/04 54 . majestic this nigga odell be in business for himself , buyin’ he shit from the colombian instead of we . Breeze yank the piece of duct - tape from odell 's mouth . he start blubber , cry , gold tooth flash . odell no man , that be not how it be , please listen to I ! please ! breeze ( backhand he ) shut you fuckin‘ mouth ! majestic approach . odell sob like a baby . majestic Far as I be concerned , you owe this niggas here a whole lot of money . now how you gonna pay it back ? odell ( cry ; sobbing ) I all do whatever you say , tell I , man ! please , I will do it ! please ! as odell sob , majestic look at Breeze . together they do a well - rehearse routine for the benefit of the Group . majestic what we gonna do , how this nigga gonna pay this gentleman back ? breeze how ' bout he pay ‘em in gold ? majestic you right , motherfucker , they shiny - ass tooth ! odell not! nol! please !! as the Group exchange look , Breeze cross to a tool board , methodically choose a pair of 11 - inch diagonal plier . he approach odell , who scream , wriggle on the chain ... odell nol ! no !! untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 55 . whamm !! Breeze punch odell square in the face , jam the plier into he mouth . as he grip a tooth , we hear a sicken crunch through odell 's scream . Breeze yank hard on the plier , pull a bloody gold incisor out of odell 's head by the root . odell scream in agony . breeze relax nigga , you only get but ten more ' fore I put that bullet in you brain . Breeze jam the plier in again . and as odell shriek in agony , the camera pan the group , settling on Marcus . marcus ( v.0 . ) if you play with fire long enough , you will get burn . ext . marcus 's apartment build - dawn topcat drop Marcus off at the curb . he cross to the front door as the BMW pull off down the street . marcus ( v.0o . ) and in the crack game , heat come in many form . int . marcus 's apartment build - lobby - continuous Marcus open the lobby door . and as soon as he step inside : dea agent # 1 freeze ! hand in the air !! Marcus be slam against the wall , spread-eagled . the lobby be swarm with dea agent , gun draw . marcus ( v.o. ) the first thing I think be they know about odeli , but that shit just happen like a hour ago . dea agent # 2 hey asshole , remember I ? Marcus turn around . dea agent # 2 look familiar ... flashback - a series of still b&w surveillance photo untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 56 . click . Marcus on the street . click . Marcus lean into a dodge caravan . click . he exchange crack for money . click . the Driver be dea agent # 2 , the huge , goateed black guy . back to scene Marcus be handcuff . marcus ( v.o. ) turned out this have nothin’ to do with odell -- they have a warrant to search my crib . int . marcus ' apartment - live room - day a handcuff Marcus sit as the dea agent ransack the place , empty content of drawer on the floor . on the coffee table be 2 ounce of cocaine , cash and a dozen crack vial . marcus ( v.0o . ) lucky for my ass I be light on product and do not have too much incriminatin’ shit lyin’ around . dea agent # 3 ( 0.s. ) look what I find . lock and load . agent # 3 emerge from the bedroom with Romeo 's load uzi. marcus ( v.0 . ) incriminatin 's shit of my own , that be . and as Marcus be lead off , we see he toy plastic soldier among the debris on the floor . int . courtroom - day wearing a suit and tie , Marcus stand with he lawyer before a female judge , who read from a piece of paper . judge Mr. philip , you be hereby sentence to a term of no less than three year in a Federal penitentiary . the judge bang she gavel . Marcus turn to face he weep grandma , who sit with he grandpa and the Crew . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 57 . marcus ( v.0 . ) I guess there 's no such thing as a good time to be goin 's to jail , but this shit be fuck . int . prison -— day wearing a orange jumpsuit , carry he prison - issue blanket and toiletry , Marcus be lead past the cell . marcus ( v.0 . ) I have have it all and lose everything . the mostly black inmate hoot at he from behind bar . inmate # 1 ooohhh , look at this little nigga ! inmate # 2 whatchu do boy ?! marcus ( v.0o . ) worst of all they send I to Ohio , where I do not know a fuckin’ soul . Marcus enter a cell , sit on a cot across from a sleep inmate . the door close behind he with a heavy clang . int . prison mess hall - day bustle ; lunch time . Marcus sit alone eat , a few extra salt packet on he tray . marcus ( v.o. ) the thing about prison 's that everything 's a test . niggas read you , then they try you . as Marcus eat , a inmate in a red skull - cap approach . skull cap yo man , I get some of that salt ? marcus ( v.0 . ) someone ask you for somethin’ , even if they friendly about it ? bulishit , they sizin ' 's you up . the guy reach for a salt packet . Marcus knock he hand away , stand up . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 58 . marcus fuck off , motherfucker . the hall go quiet ; inmate look over to see how this will play out . a brief stare - down , then Skull cap cross off . marcus ( v.0 . ) first it 's you salt , then it 's you food , next thing you doin 's some nigga 's laundry . Marcus sit down , go back to he meal . marcus , ( v.o. ) whatever you do , you gotta send a message , nip that shit in the bud . ext . prison yard - day inmate lift weight , play basketball . off in a corner , the camera find a twitchy , crazy - look inmate we will come to know as bama , 21 , do dumbbell curl , howling like a wolf as he do . nearby , Marcus do pull -up , ignore he . across the yard Skull cap and three other inmate watch Marcus from around a weight bench . one of they hand skull cap a shiv , which he slip under a towel . very casually , the group cross toward Marcus , whose back be turn as he do pull -up . bama , the howler , sense what 's happen . as Skull cap near Marcus : bama watch you back , nigga . bama howl as Marcus drop off the bar , see skull cap charge he with the shiv . Skull cap slashes , catch Marcus in the shoulder with the blade , but Marcus siderstep , slam he fist into Skull cap 's face , take he down . as Marcus beat the shit out of Skull cap , one of he Crew charge in , but ... bama ohowl like a wolf ) ow-ow-ocococowwww !! i! whammm !! bama slam a dumbbell across the guy 's head , take he out . and as the other Crew member charge , bama join the fight , swinging the dumbbell wildly , hold they off with Marcus . and as guard swarm in ... untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 59 . marcus ( v.0 . ) though my shoulder be cut pretty bad , in the end it be more than worth it . Word spread quick that I be not someone to fuck with . int . prison - men 's room - day Marcus mop the filthy floor . at the other end of the room , bama mop also . marcus ( v.o. ) what I could not figure out be this crazy motherfucker . Marcus work he way near bama . they work in silence , then : marcus why have you help I , man ? bama I do not know . I like fightin’ . marcus get beef with they other niggas ? bama ( howling ) nope-nope-nooooece0co ! ! bama laugh ; Marcus stare at he . they keep work . marcus where you from ? bama down South , how about you ? marcus queen , New York . name 's Marcus . bama I '' bama . marcus you from Alabama ? bama North Carolina . marcus why they call you bama , then ? untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 60 . bama Cause '' lina '' sound stupid . Marcus nod . they continue mop . bama twitches . marcus ( v.0o . ) by total accident my first week there , I have hook up with the craziest nigga in the place . int . prison - recreation room - day - month later . as a group of other inmate sit nearby play card , Marcus play checker with bama , who make a move . marcus ( v.o. ) but crazy or not , havin 's a friend make the month pass a lot quick . bama ow-ooocoh ! King my black ass ! as Marcus king bama 's checker , a guard approach : guard philip , you have a visitor . int . prison - visitor 's area - day a row of phone separate by plexiglass . while other inmate talk with visitors , Marcus enter , spot cameron . he sit , pick up the phone , smile . cameron do the same . cameron I bring you a cake with a file in it , but I get hungry on the way and eat it . marcus thanks for comin’ down here man . I appreciate it . cameron of course , be you kid ? so how you do ? marcus hangin 's in there . how about you ? untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 61 . cameron good , you know . Graduate next month , get accept to St. John 's . marcus yeah , I get you letter . Law school now , huh ? cameron I figure with friend like you , I will always have client . marcus not I b , this be the last time for this shit . cameron what do you mean ? marcus mean I be not gettin’ catch again . cameron nod . a few beat , then : cameron so what do you do with yourself all day ? marcus work in the mornin’ , group therapy , shit like that . cameron what about at night ? marcus nothin’ , you know . just chill . cameron so how about instead of you serve time , why not let time serve you ? get you ged . read . write . marcus fuck I ’ma write ? cameron anything , I do not know . write lyric . like when we be kid ? {off Marcus 's chuckle ) what , you be great . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 62 . marcus that be just fuckin‘ around . cameron you have talent , Marcus . the guy get quiet . finally , Marcus change the subject : marcus ever see that girl anymore , the one in the blue dress ? charlene ? cameron ( shake he head no ) leilani transfer . Marcus nod . a awkward moment . they sit in silence . cameron I do not come here to break you ball , okay ? I just think you could do more with you life than stand on a corner sell drug . Marcus look at he awhile , finally smile . marcus you know anybody else talk to I like that I have pop ‘em in the tooth . cameron you do not want to hit a lawyer , brother . I will sue you ass from now till forever . int . prison - machine shop - day Marcus work a lathe , other inmate work nearby . marcus ( v.0 . ) though I do not tell he , cameron 's visit give I a lot to think about . besides deal drug , music be the one business that could give I the lifestyle I want with none of the risk . money . power . pussy . int . prison ~ recreation room - day Marcus sit with bama and some other inmate watch a gangsta music video on television . untitled 50 cent Project and revision 09/12/04 63 . marcus ( v.o. ) I mean watch tv , half this motherfucker be paper gangstas , singin ' about shit they only see in movie -- I be livin 's it every day . I decide right there to formulate a plan . int . prison - marcus 's cell - night Marcus lay on he cot listen to a discman , rapping to himself as he write lyric in a notebook . bama sit nearby clean he sneaker . marcus ( v.0 . ) I have bust my ass , work on my music and within five year move I and my crew into the rap game . for the meantime , though , the crack game be still how I plan to eat . ext . highway ~- ohio - day a Greyhound Bus head down the road , pass a sign that say '' New York '' . through a window we see Marcus , still wear he discman , rapping to himself . marcus ( v.0 . ) before I know it , my time be up and I hit the ground runnin’ . first thing I do be make a demo of some shit I write inside . int . home recording studio ~ day a makeshift recording '' studio '' , with blanket for a sound booth . Marcus rap into a microphone over a simple beat . marcus ( v.o. ) second be scam a meetin’ with Darius clay . ext . DC production - parking lot - day a small , nondescript building in queen . as Marcus stand across the street , Darius clay pull up in a mercede , park it in the lot . as he head toward the building ... untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 64 . marcus Mr. clay , can I talk to you ? darius clay ai not that what you doin 's now ? Darius do not break stride . Marcus walk alongside he . marcus yeah , I ... I be a rapper , my name 's Marcus philip . darius clay Son , you be not no rapper , ' cause if you be a rapper , I woulda hear of you . what you be be a wanna- be . marcus ( hold up tape ) whatever , yeah ... I get a demo . darius clay pop it in the mail with a letter . marcus but I '' here now . you be not get two minute ? darius clay I be not get one . Darius leave he stand there , start into the building . marcus would you have leave tupac in a parkin’ lot with a tape in he hand ? darius clay ( smile ; keep walk ) you be not no tupac . marcus how do you know ? Darius stop in he track . turn around . a beat , then : darius clay two minute . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 65 . int . DC production - studio - day Marcus sit at a sound board with Darius clay and he producer , tony cash . they listen to the demo a while ( a very rough version of " I be a Rider '' ) then Darius shut it off . darius clay it 's some real tight shit , but it 's raw , know I '' sayin’ ? tony cash you get natural talent , but what you need to learn be the rudiment of song write . darius clay and for the record , you be not no damn tupac . marcus ( smile ) School I then , that 's why I be here . darius clay good . now any song , any melody , be break up into bar , right ? and as Marcus listen intently ... marcus ( v.o. ) that weekend there be a party for I at the community center . it be great bein’ home . int . community CENTER - catering hall - night close on -- a banner read '' welcome Home Marcus '' . pull back to reveal the entire Crew , along with topcat , majestic , Breeze and several dozen other guest , applaud as Marcus enter . they converge on he with hug . romeo welcome back , dawg . we miss you black ass . as a rapper take the mic and freestyle , Marcus cross to the bar with Romeo , who hand he a bottle of cristal . tyrell approach in a new suit , look sharper than ever . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 66 . marcus ( as they hug} look at this nigga , fuckin 's denzel over here ! how you doin’ man ? tyrell gettin 's my money . romeo that 's some real shit there , wait you see this nigga ' 's ride . tyrell New Lexus . cherry fuckin’ red . marcus . now you biggin 's up on I , huh ? tyrell I be in charge , man , I -- ( catch himself ) I mean with you away , you know what I fuckin’ mean . Marcus clock tyrell 's attitude , but before he can say anything , keryl approach -- about 40 pound lighter than last we have see he . keryl there 's my nigga !! marcus oh fuck , they stop feedin’ you ass ?! keryl Dick Gregory , fuckin’ protein powder . tyrell now we can not call he fat no more . romeo now he just a dumb motherfucker . they all laugh . across the room , the rapper finish up . the dj take the mic ... DS Marcus , come on up here . {off he reluctance ) C ’mon , say a few word ! untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 67 . the crowd cheer . Marcus head to the dj , grab the mic . marcus yo , how y’all doin 's ? ( the crowd cheer ) first off , I wanna say thanks to ya all , I fuckin’ miss you ass . tyrell miss you too , dawg . marcus well I be back now and we be not goin 's no place but up . where my niggas at ? {the Crew go wild ) I say any gangsta niggas in the house ?! ( even wilder ) this be for you . a beat start . the crowd start bounce , then Marcus kick in with '' I be a Rider '' . the crowd go wild ; Marcus own the place . he finish up to thunderous applause , cross to ... int . men 's room - night - continuous Marcus enter , head to a stall , open the door ... int . stall - continuous ... j just as topcat finish snort a spoonful of heroin . marcus sorry , I -- ( notice the heroin ) fuck you doin 's ? topcat Little h , that 's all . want some ? marcus since when you do that shit ? topcat fuckin 's wire man , unwindin’ a bit . topcat step out of the stall . a awkward moment . untitle 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 68 . topcat you look good , b , come see I . I will get you back in business . Marcus nod ; they hug stiffly . topcat wipe he nose , exit . marcus ( v.0o . ) great as it be to be home , what you gotta remember about bein’ away be this -- much as you think it will not -- the world outside keep turnin’ without you . int . topcat 's apartment - day : Marcus cop a half a kilo from topcat . marcus ( v.o. ) with my cash reserve near empty , I see topcat the next day . I get some product on consignment and go right to work . ext . guy brewer boulevard - night a series of cut : with junebug work the street nearby , Marcus & the Crew sell to various fiend . marcus ( v.o. ) I be fuckin’ possess , I hardly even sleep . but hard as I work at the crack game , I work twice as hard at my music . int . DC production - studio - day as Darius clay and tony Cash work the sound board , Marcus wear headphone , rapping into a microphone over a beat . marcus ( v.0 . ) my life become a blur of pumpin’ erack , writin’ lyric and recordin’ demo . half the time I do not even know what fuckin’ day it be . a blinding fast loop of repetitive shot Marcus hustle on the street ; Marcus in he apartment write lyric in a notebook , Marcus recording in the studio . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 69 . marcus ( v.0 . ) in a few month bama be out and he join the crew . say what you will bout a country - ass nigga , but this motherfucker have a work ethic . ext . 141st STREET - crack house - day as keryl act as lookout , bama sell crack from a small hole in the door to a line of fiend who wait outside . marcus ( v.0 . ) in addition to runnin 's a house he find , bama take it on himself to branch out into insurance scam . int . u-haul office - day bama stand at the counter fill out paperwork . marcus ( v.o. ) he no rent a U - haul , max it out on liability insurance , then rent a limo and pack it with fiend . ext . merrick boulevard - day a black stretch limo roll down the street . marcus ( v.o. ) at the appoint time ... screech ... crash !! a 14 - foot u~haul drive by bama appear out of nowhere , rear-end the limo at a very moderate speed . marcus ( v.0 . ) every one of they niggas would have severe back and neck injury . the fiend , all dress in party clothes , stagger from the limo exaggeratedly hold they back and neck . marcus ( v.0 . ) we would give ‘em each a grand for they trouble , send ‘em to fugazy doctor we line up , then collect when the insurance money roll in . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 70 . int . motel room - day bama sit on the bed talk on the phone as a elderly lady , 80s , sit in a chair nearby , purse on she lap . marcus ( v.o. ) I finally get call in when bama start kidnappin’ niggas . I mean this motherfucker be snatchin’ people we know ! bama . yo , Edgar , I get you grandma , you wanna see she again lemme hold twenty thousand . {hands phone to old lady ) he wanna talk to you . int . restaurant - back room - day as a bodyguard stand nearby , Marcus and bama sit across a table from majestic and Breeze . majestic so what 's this shit , you boy here be not makin’ enough money ? marcus it be not like that , it 's -- majestic shit gotta stop , this be not the wild west , motherfucker . bama fuck that man , all I be tryin ' -- breeze ( cut he off ) nobody talkin ' to you , nigga . marcus ( to Breeze ) take it easy , a-ight ? {to bama ) go wait outside . bama you sure ? untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 71 . marcus go. bama get up , howling as he exit . as soon as he 's go : majestic fuck 's wrong with this nigga ? marcus he 's a little fuck - up , a-ight ? majestic Little fuck - up ? pay attention . nigga like that get you kill . marcus he 's ambitious , that 's all , he like makin 's money . majestic and what about you ? marcus what about I ? majestic I hear you over that studio every day , that tell I you be not tendin’ to business . marcus I be earnin’ more than ever . majestic well see it fuckin’ stay that way . and keep that country - ass nigga on a leash . on Marcus . ext . medical build - day Marcus pull up in a brand new mercede , park . marcus ( v.o. ) later that day I drop bama at the doctor for he own fake claim from the U-haul shit . bama wear a phony neck -brace ; Marcus help he from the car . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 72 . marcus I be serious yo , you do not start chillin’ you will be wearin’ one of they shit for real . bama I be the wolfman dawg , fuck you worried about ? marcus ( play shove he ) I be serious , motherfucker . bama laugh as they head to the building . int . doctor' office ~ waiting room - day Marcus read a magazine , bama next to he twitching . from behind the desk , the receptionist read the sign - in sheet . receptionist elijah samuel ? ( off bama 's look ) the doctor will see you . as bama disappear inside , the receptionist call out : receptionist charlene , I be goin’ to lunch . charlene ( 0.s. ) bring I back a diet Coke ? as the receptionist exit , she be replace at the desk by charlene , the girl we meet earlier at Club starlight . as she busy herself with paperwork , Marcus smile and approach . marcus Excuse I . charlene ( not even look up ) can I help you ? marcus yeah , I be here ' cause of a break heart . ( she look up ) I meet this girl at a club a few year back but she would not give I she number . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 73 . charlene 's jaw drop . charlene oh my God . marcus how you be ? charlene good , good , you know ... marcus still in college ? charlene I take some time off , I be think of go to nursing school . marcus well like I say , I get this break heart here . charlene that sound a little advanced for I . marcus you seem like a smart girl , I bet you could handle it . still get a boyfriend ? / charlene not at the moment . marcus ( touch he heart ) so can I call you , make a appointment for this thing ? charlene debate it , then smile , write she number down . charlene Office hour be Saturday night only . and I do not take medicare . bama emerge as Marcus smile , take the slip of paper . marcus I be feelin’ better already . Marcus exit with bama . on charlene . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 74 . int . mercede - later park near a McDonald 's , Marcus and bama eat , just hang out . across the street , a gleam black BMW sedan pull up . marcus check this shit . a large colombian man in a suit emerge from the beemer , head into the check cash store with a briefcase . marcus colombian . use that place to launder money . bama Real tony Montana shit . as they eat , Marcus look down the block , spot junebug emerge from a bodega , head they way . quietly , Marcus slip he .9 mm from he waistband . bama '' sup ? marcus bitch -ass nigga junebug . we play the tension as junebug pass . Marcus stare at he , then go back to eat in silence with bama . finally : bama till I come here you know I never really have no friend . marcus that 's cause you a crazy - ass nigga . bama I be serious , yo . thanks for stickin’ up for my ass . Marcus nod , say nothing . they continue eat ... marcus ( v.0 . ) when you run a crew , you can rarely afford to show you man kindness , not even for a second . ( more ) untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 marcus ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) especially in the crack game , where a second can mean the difference between ridin 's in a limo or ridin 's in a hearse . ext . charlene 's apartment build - night 75 . a black stretch limo be park at the curb ; its driver stand wait . Marcus emerge from the building with charlene , who wear a beautiful dress . as the limo pull off , we see that it 's be follow by a White bronco with tinted glass . int . water' edge restaurant ~ night with the Manhattan skyline glisten in the background , Marcus and charlene sit at a romantic table for two . they toast with champagne , then begin eat . charlene so let 's see . Champagne , limo , fancy restaurant . I guess you must be a investment banker or something . marcus somethin 's like that . charlene that why you get you boy over there watch you back ? at a nearby table , we see bama sit with keryl . marcus ( smile ) do it matter ? charlene depend how far this go . {a few beat ; then ) tell you the truth , I suppose I already know what you do . marcus but you go out with I anyway . charlene guess I have a thing for bad boy . but not too bad . Marcus smile . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 76 . charlene so why would a guy like you be interested in someone like I ? marcus someone like you ? you be beautiful . charlene work girl , straight - lace . marcus I like someone challenging , I dunno . someone I can talk to . charlene challenge , huh ? marcus to a. point . charlene smile . they continue eat . ext . east river - night Marcus and charlene walk along the water . charlene so how have you get into ... investment banking , be it ? marcus family business , I have no choice . charlene you daddy be a player ? marcus my mom . charlene you mother ?! marcus maybe that 's why I like strong woman . charlene smile . they continue walk . ten pace behind , we see bama and keryl follow . charlene they gonna be with we all night ? untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 99/12/04 77 . marcus ( smile ) not all night . int . marcus 's apartment ~ live room - night Marcus and charlene sit on the couch ; soft music ; nightcap . charlene so when you say before you have no choice but to get into the game , what have you mean by that ? marcus it 's where I be from , you know . you play the card you be deal . charlene but sometimes you can trade the one you be deal for new one . marcus that 's what I be plannin 's on doin’ . charlene what do you mean ? marcus Music . I be developin’ my skill , workin’ with Darius clay . charlene seriously ? marcus , send my demo out this week , tryin' to get a record deal . charlene really ? that 's great . marcus ( a few beat ; then ) so why do not you give I you number that night ? charlene I tell you I have a boyfriend and ... marcus and what ? untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 78 . charlene nothing . it 's corny . marcus come on , what ? charlene look at he . charlene ' Cause I know if we be mean to , one day we would meet again . Marcus look at she , then : marcus I do not think that 's corny at all . and as they kiss ... int . marcus ' apartment - bedroom - night the light be dim . Marcus carry charlene into the bedroom , gently place she on the bed . slowly , they continue to kiss as they undress each other and begin to make love . int . marcus 's apartment - bedroom ~ later Marcus sleep alone in he bed . after a few beat , he stir , look at the clock -- 2:18 a.m . he notice a light on in the live room , get up to investigate . int . marcus 's apartment - live room - night Marcus emerge in boxer . on the couch , wear he shirt be charlene , who wear headphone , eye close as she listen to music . Marcus come up behind she , touch she . she jump . charlene Jesus , you scared I ! marcus ( chuckle ) whatchu doin’ , where have you go ? charlene I be not tired , so I come out here . marcus whatchu listenin’ to ? untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 79 . charlene smile , hold up a CD -- '' Marcus philip - demo '' . marcus Nah , gimme that . charlene no , I love it , it 's great . marcus you like it ? really ? charlene be you crazy ? you be really talented , you have a gift . just then , the phone ring . Marcus check the number . marcus I gotta take this . charlene some other girl ? marcus ( shoot she a look ; then ) hello ? int . topcat' apartment - live room - night topcat , high off he ass and cover with blood , stand hold the phone . he slur as he speak . topcat it 's I , fuck you doin 's ? intercut marcus and topcat marcus I be chillin’ . wassup ? topcat I need you over here . marcus what 's wrong , you all right ? topcat just fuckin’ get here ! topcat click off . Marcus turn to charlene . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 80 . marcus I gotta take you home . int . topcat 's apartment ~ live room - later still high , topcat open the door , let Marcus in . the place be a shamble . Marcus notice the blood , spot a hypodermic needie , spoon and small bag of heroin on the coffee table . marcus the fuck you doin’ to yourself ?! topcat ( plop on the couch ) I dunno , man . this motherfucker ... marcus what motherfucker , who ? topcat it shoulda be I , son ... it shoulda be I ... marcus what you mean ? majestic ? topcat you do not know what the fuck you talkin’ about , boy ! levar ... marcus levar what ? ( put it together ) so you get pass over , this be how you deal with the shit ? you become a fuckin’ junkie ?! topcat shake he head , vaguely nod to the kitchen . Marcus slowly make he way inside , where we see slim , the hustler who kill he mother , lie dead on the floor with a kitchen knife plunge in he chest . marcus who the fuck be this ?! topcat nigga slim , kill you mama . saw he on the street , he come back around , I bring he up here . Marcus lunge , grab topcat by the shirt , lift he up . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 bl . marcus why do not you call I ?! topcat I do not ... I ... I do not -- marcus I tell you if you ever find this motherfucker let I know ! topcat I do not have -- marcus ( shaking he ) you junkie motherfucker ! topcat ( struggle to fight back ) do not you talk to I like that , boy ! marcus I be not you fuckin’ boy ! Marcus shove he back on the couch hard . topcat look up at he , eye tear up . after a few beat ... marcus what ? you get somethin’ you wanna say to I ? topcat I love she too , motherfucker ... I fuckin’ love that girl . Marcus look at he , processing . a eternity , then ... marcus C ‘mon , let 's get rid of this shit . and as he pull some hefty bag out of a kitchen drawer ... int . marcus 's apartment - live room - dawn Marcus enter , pour himself a drink , then sit on the couch . marcus ( v.0 . ) we dumped the body in the weed near the airport , then I drop topcat back at he crib . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 82 . int . topcat 's apartment - bathroom - day topcat sit on the toilet , strap up , inject a huge shot of heroin . after a few second , he begin convulse . marcus ( v.0 . ) it be the last time I no ever see he alive . topcat stop move . marcus ( v.0 . ) I never do ask he straight up if he be my father or not , but for all we have be through I guess he may as well have be . int . restaurant - day close to the general public . as few bodyguard look on , Marcus enter with tyrell , join junebug and about a dozen other hustler at a long table . at the head sit majestic , Breeze next to he . hennessy all around . majestic so I will get right to it . I speak to the big man , he send he condolence . topcat be a real nigga . majestic raise he glass . they all follow . marcus Rest in peace . majestic obviously y‘all be here cause some decision have be make and this come right from levar himself . majestic scan the contender , all look on in anticipation . finally , he turn to Marcus . majestic you takin 's over for t- cat , tyrell here you number two . tyrell ( smile ) I do not know levar even know my name . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 83. breeze levar know everything , nigga . majestic any problem , let 's air it out now . majestic trade look with the other hustler , settling on junebug , who do he best to hide he disdain . junebug cool with I . majestic it do , then . tyrell ( to Marcus ) God bless , man , you deserve it . majestic let 's make some fuckin’ money . and as they raise they glass , we hear the pop of a champagne cork and we be ... int . club starlight - VIP section ~ night Marcus stand fill the Crew 's glass from a bottle of cristal as charlene and a few other girl look on . marcus ( v.o. ) what start out as a great day get even better by the afternoon ... int . marcus 's apartment - live room - day Marcus 's phone ring . he answer . int . DC production - studio Darius clay talk on the phone . tony Cash stand nearby . darius clay Genesis record want to make a deal . they love you fuckin’ demo ! untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 84 . int . club starlight - dance floor - night Music pump ; the dance floor be pack . Marcus and the Crew dance with they Girls . marcus ( v.0 . ) I have no idea by night time I would wish it never happen . ext . bar - brooklyn - night with rap music emanate from within , bama appear , peek in the window . a few patron drink at the bar , while at a table in the back , junebug and a few other hustler have drink . suddenly , the door whip open . bama enter , gun in hand , kerchief over he face . bama on the floor motherfucker ! the patron do as they be tell . junebug study bama as he turn to the bartender : bama empty that fuckin’ cash drawer ! as he start comply , the lady room door open . a young woman exit ... instinctively bama turn and fire ... blam !! blam !! total chaos as the woman go down , blood splattering the wall behind she . and as bama haul ass ... majestic ( v.o. ) you specifically say you would curb this motherfucker ! int . restaurant - back room - day still wear the same clothes from the night before , Marcus sit before majestic and Breeze . marcus ( v.o. ) I know , I just ... look , it be not like he do it on purpose , a-ight ? majestic he shot a nigga 's girl ! marcus I do not know where he be . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 85 . majestic you do not know ? you gotta know where you niggas at and what they doin 's at all time . everything . breeze get this Brooklyn niggas up we ass now . marcus we be out , okay ? he be suppose to be with we , he do not show up . breeze so what you be sayin 's then 's you can not control this nigga . marcus no , it 's just ... it be a accident ... majestic we be through this before . ( as if to a child ) the nigga can not follow order , the nigga get to go . ( off Marcus 's look ) what ? you get a problem with that ? Marcus sit for a long time , say nothing . majestic you get twenty four hour . Marcus nod , exit . ext . ST . john' cemetery - ( later that ) day close on -- a simple headstone : Katrina philip 1961-1984 pull back to reveal Marcus seat before it , deep in think . marcus ( v.0 . ) I do not know why , but until that day I never visit my mom 's grave . I sit there for hour , with everything I ever want and nothin’ all at the same time . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 86 . ext . ST . john' cemetery - queen - day Marcus walk alone through the headstone . marcus ( v.0 . ) } as I walk to my car , I still do not know what I be gonna do . int . marcus 's mercede - day park outside the cemetery , Marcus sit in he car , dial he cell . we hear a number ringing . int . bar / restaurant - day majestic 's cell phone ring . he check the number , answer . majestic go. intercut marcus and majestic marcus it 's I . majestic and ? marcus go fuck yourself . I be not givin’ up my boy . Marcus click off . marcus ( v.0 . ) just like that , we be renegade . int . ' marcus 's apartment - live room - night the whole Crew be there , in mid war council . romeo be you out you fuckin’ mind ?! how we gonna eat , man ? marcus same as always , keep on hustlin’ . ontitle 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 87 . keryl majestic and that other motherfucker run this game . marcus they run it , they do not own it . bama we can get we product down south . marcus meantime , I be gettin’ a advance on the record deal . romeo enough for everybody ? marcus it be not a lot , but it should tide we over . no one say a word , Marcus look at tyrell . marcus you nre bein 's awful quiet . tyrell it 's fuck up , man . this niggas do not play around . marcus ( be : bama ) whatchu want I to do , give he ass up ?! if it be any of ya all I 'da do the same fuckin‘ thing ! ( a few beat ; then ) the door 's wide open . anybody want to go , now 's you chance , no repercussion . ( off they look ) we be this fuckin’ close to gettin’ outta this shit , I '' recordin’ this album and I be gonna blow up . we all will if we just stick together . the guy exchange look . a long time , then : romeo a-ight , I be in . keryl too far to back out now . let 's do this shit . untitled 50 cent Project " 2nd revision 09/12/04 88 . tyrell look at bama , shake he head . tyrell crazy ass nigga , whatchu go and do now ? and on Marcus 's smile ... int . DC production -—- studio - day Marcus stand in a sound booth sing into a mic . marcus . ( v.0o . ) over the next few month , I work my ass off in the studio . int . DC production - studio Marcus sign some papers as Darius clay look on . marcus ( v.o. ) the advance come in , but between lawyer , manager and Darius clay , there be not much leave over . Darius hand Marcus a check . he look at it , frown . ext . guy brewer boulevard ~ night a cold night . Marcus and the Crew stand around outside . marcus ( v.o. ) on the street thing be not much better . not only do we have to watch we back ... a ford taurus drive by slowly . Marcus and the Crew stick they hand under they coat . the ford drive off . marcus ( v.0 . ) it be also harder than ever to come by product . int . marcus 's apartment - live room - day wearing a expectant look , Marcus let Romeo and bama inside . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 89 . bama ( take out a package ) Quarter key , that all he have . marcus ( v.0o . ) if there 's one thing I learn in life , it 's this -- as complicated as thing seem , they could always get more complicated . int . marcus 's apartment - bedroom Marcus sit on the couch write in he notebook , work on he rap . after a beat , charlene come out of the bathroom . she sit next to he , say nothing . after a while : marcus why you so quiet , shorty ? charlene look at he , hold up a home pregnancy test strip - its center be bright blue . Marcus process it , then : marcus how far be you ? charlene about twelve week . marcus twelve week ? what about you period ? charlene I be spot , I be sorry ... ( start cry ) I do not plan this . marcus that 's not what I '' sayin’ . charlene what be we gonna do , we have no money ... marcus my record 's comin 's out , it 's gonna blow up . charlene you do not know that , Marcus . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 90 . marcus I think you believe in I . charlene ido . it 's just -- charlene break down cry . Marcus hold she . marcus a-ight , forget that shit for now . in a perfect world , what would you do ? charlene Marcus , we have nothing ! this be far from a perfect world . marcus I will make it one , answer the question . charlene ( look at he ; then ) in a perfect world ? I have have you baby . marcus then that 's what we be gonna do . ext . check cashing store - jamaica avenue - night same shot as the open . the steal suburban sit near the check cash store , keryl alone in the driver 's seat : int . check cashing store - night as the korean count out cash , the Guard approach the peephole , he .45 pistol still in its holster . guard Pov through peephole rodrigo stand outside , hold up a Nathan 's bag . guard ( as he unlock the door ) fuck you be , I '' starvin 's in -- bammmm !!! the door kick in violently ... untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 91 . ext . check cashing store - night keryl sit in the suburban , look toward the store . suddenly , the gunshot -- the shotgun blast follow by the rat - tat -tat -tat-tat -tat of the uzi . within second , we guy come charge out . Romeo sprint to the suburban , toss the duffel bag inside . Marcus approach with bama , tyrell follow . keryl fuck happen in there ?! marcus help I get he in ! Romeo and tyrell help Marcus lift bama into the back . ext . deserted STREET - night a desolate road near JFK . tyrell 's Lexus , Marcus 's mercede and a bronco park nearby . as keryl screech up in the suburban , the Crew jump out , adrenaline still pump . tyrell we fuckin’ do it !! like a well - oile machine , the guy scatter to they car as Romeo empty a gas can over the suburban 's upholstery . Marcus toss the duffel in he trunk , start to get in . marcus my crib , tomorrow , 11 o'clock . with that , Romeo toss a match in the suburban . it go up in flame with a whoosh as the Crew take off in they car . ext . marcus 's apartment build - ( later that ) night the street be quiet , desert . Marcus pull up in the mercede , find a spot near the building . marcus ( v.0 . ) whoever say money can not buy happiness shoulda be I on that ride home . he get out , cross to the trunk , pop it . untitled 59 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 92 . marcus ( v.0 . ) my music be on track , I be gonna be a father ... for the first time in a long time it feel like everything be gonna be okay ... and as he lean in and grab the duffel , a figure appear from behind a park car , raise a gun . Marcus sense something , bolt with the duffel bag , but ... blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! bullet tear into he body ; he contort , keep run , try to grab he own gun , but ... blam ! blam ! blam ! more shot ; he collapse to the street , drop the bag , blood gush from he wound . and as he lose consciousness , the figure calmly approach , take aim at he prone body ... blam ! another shot rip into Marcus 's jaw . and as the figure grab the duffel and bolt , Marcus 's blood pool on the street . and as the camera move in on he eye ... topcat ( v.o. ) ( game show host voice ) hey hey hey ! let 's give a warm welcome back to Marcus philip ! int . game show set - fantasy sequence over the sound of wild applause , we nre back on the set of '' let 's make a drug deal '' . the adult Marcus stand with topeat , who 's now dress in a white tuxedo . topcat congratulation , Marcus , you nve make it all the way to we bonus round ! we hear a series of bell , whistle , other SOUND effect . topcat and here 's how it work . you can cash out now and chalk yourself up as another nypd statistic ... topcat nod toward he lovely game show assistant -~- it 's katrina , Marcus 's mom , glow all in white , stand beside she buick regal . she hold a gift box , smile ... katrina I get you the atari , baby . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 93 . back to topcat topcat or you can risk it all and go back to a very uncertain future ... topcat gesture to he other Assistant -- a fat , middle - age nurse who stand beside a wheelchair . topcat so what 's it gonna be Marcus , door number one or door number two ? the audience be again pack with young black male , but unlike before , they be all bulliet - riddled and bloody -- murder victim , include a laugh , bloody antwan . audience member # 1 stay here nigga ! who you think you be ? antwan ai not nothin’ back there for you ! back to marcus , who stand with topcat think it over . topcat what 's it gonna be , Marcus ? int . hospital room - day as charlene , grandma , grandpa and cameron look on , a doctor , 30 , hover over Marcus , who 's wrap like a mummy , jaw wire , tube and wire protrude everywhere . doctor ( snap he finger ) Marcus ? Marcus . very slowly , Marcus open he swollen eye , try to focus . doctor hey , you be still with we . ( beat ; off Marcus 's look ) you nre in pretty bad shape and I know you can not talk , but I want you to try and squeeze my hand , okay ? Marcus look at he blankly . close on marcus 's finger -- they do not move . charlene cry . finally ... he squeeze the Doctor ' 's hand . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 94 . grandma charlene thank you Jesus . oh my god. doctor go back to sleep , you be gonna make it . int . hospital room - day a few week later . Marcus , thin , weak , leg in a cast , head wrap , jaw wire , sit in a chair look out the window . marcus ( v.o. ) in the week followin’ the shoot , I do nothin’ but think . with nine bullet hole in I , there be not much I could do . though my jaw be shattered and I could barely talk , I be still amazingly lucky - whoever majestic send to kill I fuck it up pretty good . charlene , now noticeably pregnant , enter with a malt . she unwrap a straw , hold it to he mouth . charlene here baby , sip this . the phone ring . charlene cross and answer . charlene hello ?... hold on. ( turn to Marcus ) Genesis record ? Marcus nod , take the phone . marcus {through wire jaw ) lo? Marcus listen a while , hang up . charlene look at he . marcus they droppin’ I . charlene cross , give he a hug ... untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 95 . marcus ( v.0o . ) for month after , I refuse to see any of my crew -- as they leader I could not afford to let they see I in a compromise position . ext . cottage ~ poconos - day rural ; the middle of nowhere . with Marcus in the passenger seat , charlene pull up and park a beat up chevy near a small , run-down cottage . marcus ( v.o. ) I sell my car , scrape together some cash , then move we up to a small house in the poconos . Marcus get out of the car on crutch - though he jaw be no longer wire , he 's extremely thin . marcus ( v.o. ) I have lose sixty eight pound . charlene reach into the back of the car , remove a car seat with a infant strapped in . marcus ( v.0 . ) aside from charlene and we new baby Michael , I do not have a fuckin’ thing . int . cottage - poconos - day dingy ; hardly any furniture . Marcus and charlene sit at the table eat dinner , the baby asleep in a crib nearby . marcus ( v.0o . ) I be in exile . int . physical therapy office - day as a physical therapist guide he , Marcus slowly walk between two parallel bar . physical therapist easy . use the support , come on . Marcus frown , keep walk . he 's clearly in pain . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 96 . marcus ( slur ; stiff jaw ) we be doin’ this for week . physical therapist it may take year , Marcus . int . cottage - poconos - day a deject Marcus sit watch Jerry springer . outside , charlene pull up in the chevy . ext . cottage - poconos - continuous Marcus limp outside as charlene take the baby out of he car seat . marcus . hey . charlene can you take he ? charlene hand Marcus the baby . he wince from the weight . marcus ah. fuck . charlene ( grab the baby ) give he to I . go back inside . marcus . fuckin 's shoulder . int . cottage - poconos - continuous Marcus limp back inside . charlene follow with the baby and a bag of grocery . as they put they away in silence , the phone ring . Marcus let the answer machine pick it up . tony cash ( over answer machine ) Marcus , it 's tony Cash , you there ? charlene you wanna get that ? Marcus shake he head no . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 97 . tony cash ( over answer machine ) just so you know I leave Darius , I be out on my own now . hit I up , let 's talk . the machine cut off . they continue put away the grocery in silence . after a while ... charlene you gonna call he back ? marcus for what ? charlene I dunno . to talk about recording ? marcus recordin 's ?! I can barely fuckin’ talk ! charlene so that 's it then ? this be it ? marcus fuck you talkin’ about ? charlene this ! this place , this life ! be this it for we ? marcus I '' in fuckin ' pain , charlene ! charlene what about I , you do not think I be in pain ?! marcus I almost fuckin’ die ! charlene and you be act like you do ! Marcus stop in he track . charlene I know you hurt , Marcus , I can not imagine how bad , but it can not be worse than what I feel when I see you give up on yourself . ( more ) untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 98 . charlene ( cont would ) ( several beat ; then ) you do not lose a fight by get knock down , baby . you lose by stay down . Marcus look at she . after a long time , he cross , put he arm around she . marcus ( v.0 . ) charlene be right . everything I ever get be ' cause I bust my ass to get it . int . cottage ~- poconos - bedroom - day wearing sweat and a T-shirt , Marcus sit on the edge of the bed slow tie he sneaker . marcus ( v.0 . ) why should gettin’ better be any different ? and as some drive music kick in , we be in a montage ... int . gym - day Marcus enter the gym . slowly , he lift weight , just the bar at first . he grimace in pain . int . cottage - poconos - day Marcus lay on the floor , play with Michael as charlene make dinner . int . bathroom - day Marcus stand before the mirror slowly work he jaw muscle , force he mouth to form word through the pain . int . gym ~ day Marcus walk on a treadmill . lift weight again -- this time there 's more than just the bar . ext . cottage - poconos - day leave be change color . Marcus walk in the yard with Michael , now several month older . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 99 . int . gym - night shirt off , Marcus do pull up ; he 's gain weight and muscle . we see he on the treadmill -- run . int . cottage - live room - night Marcus speak into a mic , recording himself rapping . he play it back , seem satisfied with the result . int . cottage - poconos - kitchen - night week later . Marcus stand drink a protein shake . int . gym - day Marcus bench press real weight ; he look like he old self . ext . wood - poconos - day with snow on the ground , Marcus run , throw punch like a boxer . and as he near the house , we : CUT to : int . tony cash house - kitchen -~ day tony sit read the paper . the phone ring . he answer . tony cash hello ? marcus' voice ( over telephone ) they put Humpty dumpty back together again . and on tony 's smile ... int . restaurant - poconos ~ day Marcus sit with tony eat lunch . tony cash so what 's the plan , man ? whatchu gonna do with yourself ? untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 100 . marcus have not really think about it . tony cash you like it up here ? marcus yeah , it 's a-ight . ( off tony 's look ) it fuckin’ suck , okay ? tony laugh , push he plate away . tony cash . obviously I do not drive all the way up here to talk about real estate . so you get my message I leave Darius , right ? marcus what happen ? tony cash good guy , different vision . Marcus nod . a few beat , then : tony cash I think you should focus on recordin’ again . marcus for who ? Genesis drop my ass . tony cash fuck Genesis , record for the street . ( off Marcus ' look ) mix tape , bootleg , sell ‘em right there on the sidewalk . you get a buzz man , people already know who you be . fucked as it be , gettin’ shot get you more press than any fuckin’ record deal . marcus some fuckin’ publicity stunt . tony cash I get a studio right in my basement , we can work in private . it 's quiet , isolate , away from all the bullshit . ( more ) untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 101 . tony cash ( cont would ) you do a record , we drop it , do another , drop that a month later . you be back from the dead man , you shit all be everywhere . what do you say ? and as Marcus mull he decision : marcus ( v.o. ) much as you hear the term use , there 's no such thing as a gangsta rapper . Truth be you can not be both , at least not effectively . you be either a gangsta or a rapper and each one require you full and total dedication . I decide that day to put the thug life behind I -~ I be now a rapper . Marcus look tony in the eye . marcus when do we fuckin ' start ? and as one of Marcus 's song kick in ... int . tony cash 's house - studio - day a small in - home studio . as Marcus stand in the sound booth rapping into a mic , tony work the sound board . marcus ( v.o. ) within a week , I start workin’ with tony night and day . we begin with some shit I write in the hospital . over the song Marcus be recording , we see the follow : int . photo studio - day Marcus pose for a photographer , shirt off . marcus ( v.0 . ) a month later we have eighteen track , make we own independent album . click . the photographer take Marcus 's picture , which we see on the cover of a mix tape CD title '' bulletproof '' . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 102 . marcus ( v.0 . ) since the crack game be what I know best , I decide to use that same skill in the record business . I be the supplier ... int . tony cash ‘s house - basement ~ day bama sit at a table , insert CD into jewel case . marcus ( v.0 . ) bama be in charge of package ... ext . tony cash 's house - day keryl and Romeo load case of '' bulletproof '' into the bronco . marcus ( v.0 . ) and keryl and Romeo handle distribution ... ext . guy brewer boulevard - day wearing shade , dress sharp , tyrell lean against a new jag park on the corner . marcus ( v.0 . ) though I hate to see he go , tyrell decide he no rather take he chance on the street . within day my shit be all over New York ... ext . STREET corner - queen - day keryl and Romeo pull up in the bronco , park near a sidewalk cd stand . and as they unload case of '' bulletproof '' ... marcus ( v.0o . ) Street corner ... int . club - night the dance floor be pack . bama and Romeo cross the room , hand the dj a CD . the dj take it , nod . marcus ( v.0 . ) club ... untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 103 . ext . park - queen - night teenager hang out , Marcus ' music play from a boom box . marcus ( v.0 . ) Parks ... instead of crack , it be now my music floodin’ the city . int . tony cash 's house - studio - day Marcus at the mic ; tony at the board . the Crew look on . marcus ( v.0o . ) as for I , I keep in the studio , doin 's six more record in seven month . ext . STREET corner - day at a different sidewalk CD stand , we pan across a row of Marcus philip bootleg , all with different cover . marcus ( v.0o . ) even still I know I could do more . int . marcus 's apartment - live room - night with bet on the television , charlene serve pizza as Marcus , keryl , tony and Romeo sit around bullshit . bama sit on the floor play with the Michael , now a toddler . marcus what we need 's a record to grab people , get they attention . romeo dawg , you all they talkin’ about out there . tony cash maybe so , but we be talkin’ about gettin’ to the next level . marcus create some controversy . charlene thanks , but I think I have have more controversy than I can stand . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 104 . marcus you know what I mean . as they ad-lib goodnight , charlene exit to put Michael to bed . on tv , a lame gangsta video play . bama watch it . bama check this lame~ass niggas . romeo that be not gangsta . bama ( to Marcus ) you see more shit in a afternoon than this niggas see in they whole life . the guy watch in silence a while , eat they pizza , then : marcus that 's it . keryl what be ? marcus that 's I ’ma sing about , all the shit happen to I . tony cash what ? marcus pumpin 's crack , gettin’ shot . I 'o 1l name name and everything . romeo you fuckin’ buggin’ ? tony cash sure you wanna do that ? marcus fuck ‘em , what they gonna do ? and as the guy look at he : marcus ( v.0o . ) Far as I be concerned , if bama never say nothin’ intelligent ever again , it would not matter . ( more ) untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision '' 09/12/04 105 . marcus ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) in he own crazy way , he have just give I the idea that would change we life . Three day after finish that pizza , I laid down a new track in tony 's basement . CUT to : int . tony cash 's house - studio - day as tony work the board , Marcus record a song similar to '' ghetto q’uaran '' appropriate to the movie in which he name name and talk about real event in he life . as it play : ext . STREET corner - day a series of shot : at a sidewalk CD stand , keryl and Romeo deliver case of the new bootleg . marcus ( v.o. ) what start as a independent record hit like nothin 's I would ever do , I mean it spread like a fuckin’ gasoline fire . kide in the park hover around a boom box listen in disbelief to the song ; a local radio dj hold up the bootleg , talk into the mic ; a sidewalk CD hustler hawk the bootleg on the street . marcus ( v.0 . ) suddenly everybody be talkin’ about I , and not just fan either . ext . guy brewer boulevard - day majestic and Breeze sit in the BMW , listen to the CD . they do not look happy . marcus ( v.0 . ) Truth be , I do not give a fuck . int . cottage - poconos - night cameron sit at the kitchen table , in mid-conversation with Marcus , who 's sit across from he go over some papers . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 106. cameron --. so aside from that , it 's a standard contract . tony 'il make the round , call we from L.A. Marcus nod . he look up at cameron , sense something . marcus what else on you mind ? cameron I get a call from the District Attorney 's office . they be still investigate the shoot . marcus ( chuckle ) why they waste they time ? they know I be not gonna testify against fuckin’ majestic . cameron that 's the thing though ... they do not think it be he . marcus obviously it be not he literally , it be some nigga work for he . cameron say nothing . marcus what ? cameron look , this be some really confidential shit , okay ? marcus stop talkin’ to I like a lawyer , bear what ? cameron ( lean in ) the Bureau of prison have wiretaps in all maximum security facility , it allow they to monitor high - level prisoner . after you have you problem , tell majestic to fuck off ? he call levar cahill to get permission to have you kill . untitled 50 cent Project '' 2nd revision 09/12/04 107 . marcus so there it be . cameron levar say no . he tell ‘em to back off of you and bama . marcus what ? why ? cameron I have no idea . on Marcus . int . cottage - bedroom - night as charlene sleep beside he , Marcus lay awake in bed . after a few beat , he get up , check the baby , then exit . marcus ( v.0o . ) for day after that conversation , I try to make sense of this shit . ext . cottage - poconos - night Marcus sit outside , alone on the porch step . marcus ( v.0o . ) by the code of the street , they have every right to kill I . ext . lewisburg prison —- pennsylvania - parking area ~- day a large maximum security facility . Marcus pull up in a BMW , no bodyguard . he park , head toward a guard gate . marcus ( v.0 . ) not only couldn not I figure out who shot I -~ I have no fuckin’ idea why levar would not allow it . int . lewisburg prison - vistor ‘s area - day Marcus sit in a booth , telephone on the wall next to he . after a few beat , levar cahill enter the glass - in visitor 's area in a orange prison jumpsuit . he take a seat behind the plexiglas opposite Marcus . pick up the phone . Marcus do the same . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 108 . marcus thanks for seein 's I . levar cahill thanks for comin’ . Marcus smile . it 's awkward . marcus so how you doin 's ? levar cahill survivin 's ... see you be too . marcus yeah , well ... ( several beat ; then ) listen , I know you can not really talk ... freely , you know , but ... I just want to thank you . levar cahill for what ? Marcus look away , do not know how to say it . marcus I do some shit , maybe make some bad mistake ... levar cahill stepped on the wrong fuckin’ toe . marcus yeah . levar cahill well just so you know , my boy be not the niggas bent you up . marcus I know that ... I do not know who be gunnin’ for I now . levar nod . a few beat , then : levar cahill what 's this shit I hear , you singin’ now ? marcus workin 's at it . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 109 . levar cahill sound to I like you gotta figure out who the fuck you be , son . marcus yeah . levar cahill you know you may not know it , but mme and you boy topcat be pretty tight at one time . marcus Word ? levar cahill back in the day , come up together right there in you old hood . marcus well I know he think the world of you . levar cahill ( smile ) you get a girl ? marcus , my baby mom . levar cahill baby , huh ? get a picture ? Marcus take out he wallet , hold a photo of Michael against the glass . levar smile . marcus name 's Michael . levar cahill ( smile ) get you mama 's eye . Marcus smile , nod ... then it hit he . marcus you know my mom ? levar look at he . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 110. levar cahill much , much better than you realize . ( several beat ; then} take care of yourself . levar hang up . he touch he finger to he lip , then to the plexiglas . he get up , cross off into the prison without look back . Marcus watch thunderstruck as he process what he 's just be tell . ext . new york state thruway - day Marcus drive the chevy , lose in think ... marcus ( v.0 . ) the whole ride home my mind be racin ' , it be like my brain be on overload . if levar be my father , I have to reinterpret everything I know about myself -- not to mention everything that have happen . ext . guy brewer boulevard - day Marcus cruise the boulevard , check out the fiend and hustler . he stop at a light , look across the street where junebug make a sale to Kenneth , the high school bully . marcus ( v.o. ) I always assume it be junebug bent I up -- God know the motherfucker have he reason . but just when I make up my mind for sure ... it hit I . tyrell pull up next to he in a gleam new jaguar , a hottie at he side . Marcus look at he a beat , then follow discreetly when the light change . ext . apartment build - day tyrell get out of the park jag , look like a million buck . as he open the passenger door for he girlfriend ... marcus ( 0.s. ) tyrell . tyrell turn around , startle . Marcus be behind he . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 1il. tyrell fuck , you fuckin’ scared I , man ! marcus ( smile ) why would you be scared of I ? tyrell I do not expect you , fuck ... how you doin 's ?! tyrell hug he . Marcus be stiff . : marcus I be a-ight . tyrell this be my girl , lena . say hi to Marcus . lena hello . Marcus just nod . turn back to tyrell . marcus so how you be , seem like you doin’ real good . tyrell yeah , you know ... marcus New car , new crib ... gettin’ you money ? tyrell ( laugh uncomfortably ) tryin’ , you know . flashback - a quick series of cut the night of the shoot . Marcus park he mercede , cross to the trunk . grab the duffel . a figure appear , raise a gun . blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! Marcus collapse , blood gush from he wound . and as he lose consciousness , we see the figure approach and take aim . it 's tyrell . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 112. back to scene tyrell so you wanna come in for a drink ? marcus Nah , you go . maybe another time . tyrell absolutely , man . marcus absolutely . ( nod to lena ) Nice meetin’ you . ' Marcus stand watch as tyrell and lena cross off toward he building ... ext . redneck bar - parking lot - night Marcus stand with a trucker type , 40s , look into the trunk of the guy 's car . marcus ( v.o. ) later that night , I scrape together whatever money I have leave and strapped myself up . Marcus select a .45 automatic from a open suitcase , try it out , then pay the trucker in cash . marcus ( v.0 . ) levar be right -- it be time to figure out who the fuck I be . ext . cottage - poconos - day Marcus load the last of several suitcase into the trunk of the chevy , which be pack with move box also . charlene poke she head out of the cottage 's front door . charlene Marcus , tony call again . marcus fuck it , do not worry about it . charlene he leave like six message . he say it 's important . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 113. marcus I 'il call he later . int . grandma nos house - live room - day grandma fawn over charlene and Michael as Marcus , grandpa and uncle Sport carry in box . marcus ( v.q. ) that day I move we back to my grandma 's . and though she make we a big dinner ... int . grandma's house - dine room - night Marcus and charlene sit at the table with grandma , grandpa and Michael . Marcus do not touch he food . marcus ( v.0 . ) ..- food be the last thing on my mind . int . grandma's house - marcus 's bedroom - night as the phone ring upstairs , Marcus slip the .45 into he waistband , then slip on a kevlar vest . a few beat , then : charlene ( 0.s. ) Marcus , it 's tony ! Marcus frown . a beat , then he pick up the extension : marcus I get it ! charlene click off . Marcus talk into the phone . marcus wassup ? int . kaleidoscope record - reception - los angele - day gold record , photo of musician line the wall . tony Cash sit on a couch talk on he cell phone . tony cash fuck you be ? I be callin’ for day . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 114. intercut marcus and tony cash marcus I '' busy , I be sorry . tony cash fuck all that , I get good news . kaleidoscope hear the mix tape , they wanna sign you . marcus . fuck it , I be not interested . tony cash what ? marcus it 's over man , I be do with that shit . tony cash fuck you talk about ? marcus you hear I . tony cash you realize what you be sayin’ here ? marcus I know exactly what I be sayin’ . tony cash look , let 's talk about -- marcus I gotta go . tony cash Marcus , just -- click . Marcus hang up on he . int . grandma 's house - live room - night on the couch grandpa play with Michael as charlene and grandma look on . Marcus enter . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 115 . charlene what have tony want ? marcus nothin’ . Business stuff . Marcus start slip on he jacket , head to the foyer . int . foyer - continuous charlene you be go out ? marcus I get some shit I gotta take care of . charlene but we just get here . marcus I will be back in a little while . charlene approach , put she arm around he to kiss he , then pull back ... charlene you be wear you vest ? marcus it 's nothin’ . charlene you be scare I . marcus it 's a-ight , relax . charlene . Marcus , what the hell -- charlene stop , notice michael stand behind they . she look at Marcus , then : charlene come say bye to daddy , baby . Michael waddle over in he pajamas . Marcus pick he up . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 116 . marcus hey little man , you goin 's to bed ? you know tomorrow we goin’ to playland , go on some of they ride , would you like that ? Marcus look at Michael . suddenly it hit he ... flashback same foyer . 8 - year - old Marcus in pj 's . Katrina kneel down . katrina I all see you Saturday , okay , baby ? back to present . Marcus stand look at Michael . charlene you all right ? marcus yeah . he hand Michael to charlene . marcus I gotta go . Michael give charlene a quick peck , then exit . ext . van wyck expressway ~- night Marcus drive the chevy ... marcus ( v.o. ) there 's a old say that he who forget the past be doom to repeat it . but hard as it be to tear myself away from my son that night , I have to address this shit with tyrell . and as he pull off at a exit ... ext . tyrell 's apartment build - night tyrell exit the building , cross to he jag park on the desert street . he hit the remote . it beeps , then : untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 117 . marcus ( 0.s. ) do not fuckin’ move . Marcus appear from nowhere , he .45 press against tyrell 's 's temple . in a flash , he reach under tyrell 's jacket , remove he Glock .9 mm , pocket it . tyrell tremble . tyrell you motherfucker . marcus on you knee . tyrell drop to he knee , shaking . tyrell why you fuckin’ doin’ this , man ? I think we be friend . marcus that 's what I fuckin’ think . at least have the ball to admit what you do . tyrell fuck you ! marcus say it ! tell I how you fuckin’ shot I , how you leave I for dead , take that fuckin’ money . tyrell tremble . Marcus press the barrel of the gun into he forehead . finally : tyrell you woulda do the same fuckin’ thing , man ! Marcus look at he , almost smile . marcus I coulda do the same thing . Marcus ' finger start to tighten on the trigger . tyrell 's eye close . Marcus squeeze and ... click . the .45 be unload . tyrell look up at he , practically pissing himself . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 118 . marcus the street ' 1l take care of you , motherfucker . I '' do with you ass . as Marcus turn and head back to the chevy , we stay with tyrell , who quietly remove a .380 from a ankle holster . marcus ( v.0 . ) in many way , the question of who we be and what we will be be determine at birth . tyrell run up behind he , gun draw , aim ... marcus ( v.0o . ) for I , the hood be in my blood ... marcus spin , tyrell 's load Glock in he hand . blam ! Marcus nail tyrell with a shot dead center in the forehead . marcus ( v.0 . ) but that do not mean I have to let it destroy I . tyrell collapse in a heap on the quiet , desert street . Marcus look at he , then get in the chevy and pull away ... ext . grandma's house - day with a duffel sling over he shoulder , Marcus kiss charlene and Michael goodbye . marcus I ' 1l cali you when I get there . charlene be careful , okay ? marcus ( v.o. ) the next day , I pack up and head to Los Angeles . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 119 . ext . guy brewer boulevard - day Marcus sit in the back of a car service sedan , which head toward the Van wyck Expressway . marcus ( v.0 . ) by some miracle , God really do let I walk out of hell . for all he power , though , it always occur to I ... at a stop light , he look out the window . junebug stand on the corner , stare at he . they lock eye . marcus ( v.0 . ) he never do figure out how to get rid of the devil . and as the car pull off , we see junebug through the back window , still stare . as Marcus turn and look , junebug '' shoot '' he with he index finger and thumb . int . kennedy airport ~ day with the duffel over he shoulder , Marcus talk on he cell phone as he head toward the security checkpoint . marcus ( into phone ) yeah , it 's I . I be on the three o'clock flight . int . HOTEL room - day tony Cash talk on the phone . tony cash there will be a car at the airport , it all take you to the hotel . intercut marcus and tony cash marcus listen , I get my boy with I , that 's cool , right ? tony cash yeah , whatever . just get you ass out here . untitled 50 cent Project 2nd revision 09/12/04 120. Marcus click off . we pull back to reveal keryl , bama and Romeo up ahead , already past security . Marcus approach the security conveyor . security guard bag . just like in high school , Marcus place he bag on the conveyor . we play the tension as it go through the x-ray machine . finally , the Guard look at he : security guard ( smile ) have a pleasant flight . and as Marcus cross through security and disappear with the Crew into the airport , we ... fade to black .