get carter screenplay by Mike hodge base on the novel Jack 's return Home by Ted Lewis revise draft , 1971 copyright ( c ) 1971 Turner entertainment co all rights reserved . copyright ( c ) 1971 Mike hodge all rights reserved . fade in : ext . penthouse apartment - london - night frame in the large picture window stand jack carter , alone , look out at the night . he turn away as the heavy satin curtain close , wiping he from view . int . fletcher' apartment - night a blind beam of light cut across the room . one pornographic slide after another hit the screen at the opposite end of the room . they show a dowdy group in some anonymous bedroom , freeze in various stage of a sexual orgy . gerald fletcher be slump on a sofa . his young wife , anna , be curl up beside he . sid fletcher , operate the projector 's remote - control , have the same flaccid appearance as he twin brother . Jack Carter , drink in hand , watch from a armchair . clunk . another slide hit the screen . Gerald be get turn on . he run he hand along he wife 's stockinge leg . Anna shudder momentarily . she obviously find he touch repulsive . Carter watch Gerald 's hand . gerald ( remove the cigar from he mouth ) bollock naked with he sock still on ? sid ( thoughtfully ) they do that up North . gerald what for ? protective purpose ? he laugh . sid ask I ? gerald ask Jack . it 's he old stamp ground . Carter turn sharply away to the cocktail cabinet . light and sweet music happen when he open it . clunk . the slide change . sid must be a bloody contortionist still look at the screen , Gerald continue . gerald we do not want you to go up the North , Jack . Jack and Anna look at each other momentarily . there be definitely something between they . jack no . clunk . the slide change . gerald ( groan ) not suede boot ! sid knock it off , Gerald . gerald what ? and get the clap ? clunk . the slide change . gerald you work for we , Jack . we have connection in that part . I would hate you to screw them up . clunk . the slide change . gerald what 's that ? a python . sid laugh raucously . clunk . the slide change . gerald what be you go for ? jack to find out what happen . clunk . the slide change . gerald some hard nut operate up there , Jack . they will not take kindly to someone from London poke he bugle in . jack too bad . gerald I smell trouble , boy . clunk . the slide change . sid the law be satisfied . jack since when be that good enough ? clunk . the slide change . gerald think again , Jack . jack I will . ext . rail track - day Express train plunge into a tunnel blackness . begin title : int . train compartment - day the compartment be full . Jack Carter sit in one corner , read a Raymond Chandler paperback , farewell my Lovely . ext . rail track - day the train speed northward . in the distance the stack of a lonely power station belch a continuous stream of brown smoke . int . train corridor - day Carter steady himself as he come along the corridor . ext . rail track - day a massive iron bridge crossing a river whip past . its mesh side create a almost hypnotic effect . int . train toilet - day Carter tip he head back and dispense drop into he nose . ext . rail track - evening the train break from another tunnel . even light cut across the track as the train hurtle on . int . train restaurant car - evening Carter pour himself a glass of water and take out a small phial of brown pill . he swallow one . ext . rail track - night a chemical factory , brightly light , pass by and the outskirt of the city appear . int . train compartment - night the train move slowly along the platform and stop . Carter collect he coat and briefcase from the rack . ext . newcastle station - night the street be fairly desert . Carter exit with other passenger from the train . he pause and look about before crossing to the pub opposite . int . the long bar - night a couple of youth be play record on the juke box . a old man sit in the corner read a newspaper . Carter enter through the swing door and a weedy barman come to serve he . carter pint of bitter . the barman pick up a glass mug and begin to draw the beer . Carter snap he finger at he . carter in a thin glass . the barman sigh petulantly , transfer the beer into a thin glass and put it on the counter . a telephone ring . the second barman answer it . barman be there a Mr Carter in the room ? carter yes . Carter walk to the far end of the bar and pick up the receiver . carter hello ? ( pause ) Margaret ? ( pause ) why the hell be not you here ? ( he light a cigarette . ) what time ? ( pause ) be doreen at the house ? ( pause ) who 's with he then ? ( pause ) when can I see you ? will you be there tomorrow ? ( pause ) now listen , Margaret ... the line go dead . Carter hang up . int . frank carter' house - hall - night a key hang inside the letter box start to move upwards and out through the flap . a moment later , the door open . Carter be stand at the bottom of a flight of stair in a worker 's terrace house . he close the door and climb the stair . int . frank carter' house - landing - night Carter move cautiously . his eye scan the peel wallpaper , the mildew on the banister . a roof leak hit a unseen bucket with depress regularity . int . frank carter' house - bedroom - night a unmade bed with pyjamas on it , a beat - up wardrobe , a dress table and chair be about it . Carter hear a vehicle stop on the street below . he ease back the ancient net curtain . two man in a land Rover be look up . they see he and quickly drive off . Carter look around the room . on top of the wardrobe there 's a old shotgun . he reach up and bring it down . memories flood back . he reach up again and find a box of cartridge . more memory , jack and Frank grow up here . he leave the gun on the bed and return to the landing . int . frank carter' house - live room - night pitch black . a overhead light snap on to the face of a dead man frank carter . he be lie in a coffin . his eye be close , he skin make - up , like porcelain . Carter stand over the coffin . he gently touch he brother 's cross hand and fold the shroud over he face . he exit , turn out the light and close the door . darkness return . int . ' las vega ' boarding house - entrance hall - night the landlady , edna garfoot , be climb the stair . she 's well build , sexy , experience . Carter follow with he baggage . he watch she appreciatively from behind . carter I will not be use the room tonight . edna ( stop and turn ) I see . carter I be stay with a friend . edna ( continue up the stair ) her husband dock tomorrow , do he ? carter ( smile ) it 's not like that , love . edna it never be . int . boarding house - bedroom - night the door open and the light go on . it 's a big room overlook the road , furnish cheaply but comfortably . edna and Carter enter , talk . edna be you a traveller ? carter ( smile ) definitely . edna ( surveying the room ) will this do ? carter ( look around ) very nice . ( he take he wallet out . ) I will pay you for tonight as well . edna do not be bloody silly . you be the first since Monday . carter you sure ? Carter give she the money . edna ta . carter ( feel the mattress ) I will bet this one 's see some action . Carter smile and look straight at she . edna return he look , dead pan . edna I will give you the key when you come down . she close the door . int . frank carter' house - live room - day Carter move around the coffin as he shave . his electric razor be plugge into the lamp above he dead brother . int . frank carter' house - live room - day the coffin lid be be screw down . Carter stir a cup of instant coffee while watch the undertaker at work . carter be he in bad shape ? undertaker they come worse . int . hearse - day the hearse be park outside the row of terrace house . a youthful undertaker be mind it . he turn and look through the back window as a young girl walk up the street . doreen carter be sixteen and , like most girl of she age , try to look older . she wear all the right gear but it 's cheap and do not fit properly . her long hair be lank . there 's something sad and embarrassing about she appearance . the young undertaker watch as she enter Frank 's house . int . frank carter' house - live room - day the door open slowly . doreen stand there look at the coffin . Carter see she . carter doreen ? she seem mesmerize by what 's go on . carter all right , be you ? doreen doesn 't answer . carter be stay with a friend ? doreen nod . the undertaker cough and thrust another screw into the coffin . carter sorry about you father . doreen ( pause ) yeah . carter tell I , doreen , do the police say anything ? doreen ( daze ) they say he be drunk . int . hearse - day the young undertaker be still in the hearse listen to the radio . in the drive mirror he see the land Rover move slowly tip the road . it stop by the house . two man suss the scene and drive off . int . frank carter' house - live room - day carter how 's school ? doreen I leave last year . carter oh , what you do now ? doreen work at woolworths . carter that must be interesting . doreen yes . Carter and doreen look at each other awkwardly . carter what you go to do ? live with Margaret ? doreen look at he nervously , shake she head and fumble in she bag for a cigarette . Carter continue , slightly indignant . carter well , why will not you come with we to South America ? my fiancee will not mind , ( pause ) you dad would have want it . the undertaker put the final screw in . undertaker ( to colleague ) get hughbert up , will you ? ( to Carter ) we be ready now , sir . ext . frank carter' house - day the undertaker struggle with the coffin down the narrow staircase into the street . outside Carter and doreen wait with two man . eddie appleyard , a middle - age man , be wear a shabby tweed suit , cap and black tie . keith lacey be a young barman who work with Frank . eddie we be not sure where it be take place , like . carter Nice of you to come . eddie no. Frank be a good bloke . keith he be that . eddie one of the best . int . limousine - day through the windscreen of the follow limousine Carter can see he brother 's coffin in the hearse as it move slowly through the street of the city . sitting in front on fold - out seat be Eddie and keith . keith I could not believe it when I hear . Carter be suddenly attentive . carter what ? keith I mean , I be surprised when he do not turn up for work . he be always on time . carter do you work with he , keith ? keith at the half Moon . eddie ( not to be leave out ) it 's a bloody funny thing . you know a bloke for six bloody year and all the time he 's as calm as gentle Jesus ... ( pause ) ... then he go and do a thing like that . ( he shake he head . ) it 's a bloody funny thing . carter ( quietly ) yeah . a bloody funny thing ! ext . crematorium gate - day as the cortege drive into the crematorium , it pass the land Rover park outside . the same two man who pass Frank 's house be in it . a long and expensive - look funeral cortege pass out as they move up the driveway . int . crematorium - day Carter , doreen , Eddie and keith be in the front pews face the catafalque on which Frank 's coffin rest . the vicar be already midway through the solemn word of the ' committal ' when a woman enter . the clunk of she high heel cut through the silence . everybody look round . carter ( whisper to doreen ) be that Margaret ? doreen nod . Frank 's coffin sink out of sight . int . crematorium committal chamber - day two man in long grey coat wait in silence . the coffin appear . expertly , they take it and swing it on to a trolley . they push it up the wide corridor towards the furnace . one of the man start whistling cheerfully . ext . crematorium - day margaret be thirtyish , blonde , attractive in a tarty kind of way . her heel be too high and she be wear a cheap pair of sunglass . she walk quickly away , down the cloister , past the memorial tablet and urn . Carter come out of the chapel and see she . carter Margaret . Margaret stop and look round . Carter join she . I think you be not come . margaret change I mind . they face each other in silence . Margaret look past Carter and see doreen watch they at the end of the cloister . she turn away and start walk slowly . Carter move with she . Margaret continue nervously . margaret everyh go off all right ? carter Fine ... ( pause ) I want to talk to you . margaret what about ? carter doreen . Margaret stop in she track and look back at doreen . she 's still watch they . margaret ( adamantly ) she 's nothing to do with I . carter ( puzzle ) what do you mean ? you have be Frank 's bird ever since she mother clear off . you be closer to she than anyone . margaret ( shaking she head ) no. no . it 's not like that . I have get a husband , you know . Margaret start walk again , fast . Carter catch hold of she arm and stop she . carter hold it ! hold it ! ( look she in the eye ) who kill Frank , Margaret ? margaret ( nervously ) kill ? I do not know anything about it . she move off rapidly . Carter catch up with she . carter really . margaret I must go . I be in a hurry . carter I want to talk to you later . margaret I can not . carter tomorrow morning , then ? Margaret dither . margaret well , all right then . twelve o'clock on the Iron Bridge . Margaret walk off as calmly as she can , she high heel click as she go . Carter watch she disappear . doreen watch too . int . crematorium committal chamber - day Frank 's coffin be sly inside the furnace . flame start to lick it as the steel trap close . int . the half moon pub - day it 's a large room with a horseshoe bar in the centre , a real boozer . a handful of hard drinker be already in position . Carter , doreen , keith and Eddie be sit alone . they table be already cover with glass . doreen appear to be slightly drunk on babycham , Eddie on whisky and keith on beer . Carter be stone - cold sober . eddie absent friend . ( he raise he glass and drink , then continue thoughtfully . ) you do not think he might have do it on purpose ? keith what ? you mean , like , kill himself ? Eddie and keith look at each other . doreen watch they . she be get very upset by the conversation . keith naw . Frank ? kill himself ? you what ? Carter stare at keith , who be get uncomfortable . keith I mean , what for ? carter that 's what I be wonder . keith come off it . Frank be ... well ... straight . he have no worry I know . Hell , we work together every day for a year . it would have show . carter why would it ? keith it just would . he be always the same . carter since when do he drink whisky ? keith do not know . carter nobody seem to know . doreen be now cry openly . eddie ( finish off he drink ) bloody good bloke . one of the best . doreen ( blurt out ) how would you know ? ( she suddenly jump up and empty she glass in Eddie 's face . ) or you ? or you ? none of you know . I know . he be I dad . she run off out of the door cry . keith go to follow . Carter put he hand out to restrain he . carter let she go . she will be ok . ( to Eddie ) sorry about that . eddie ( wiping he face with a handkerchief ) do not worry . she 's bound to be upset . carter ( to Eddie ) have another ? eddie no. I will be off now . I should be at work . Eddie stand up , cap in hand . Carter pull out a wad of money . carter look , look . ( he peel off a note . ) get you suit clean . eddie no . it 's all right . carter ( stand , push the note in he top pocket ) thanks for come . eddie Frank be a good bloke . it 's the least I could have do . Eddie leave . carter you work here , keith ? keith yes . Carter think for a moment , then lean forward to keith . carter keith , if anybody come in here and ask for I , you let I know . right ? keith right . carter I be at the Las Vegas . behind the dance hall . ( he cast a eye around the bar . ) do you know a man call Albert Swift ? keith yeah . he come in here a bit . carter where would I find he ? keith today ? at the race . he always go . Carter take out he phial of pill . keith how would you know Albert ? carter go to school with he . ( smile ) he be leader of we gang . he will know what 's go on in this town . ext . race track - day the rain have just stop . bookie and punter lower they umbrella . horse thunder towards the finish post . turf fly in all direction as the jockey whip they mount in a last desperate effort and the crowd roar . ext . track enclosure - day Albert Swift be stand by a bookmaker 's mark bis race card with a biro . a hot dog be stick out of he mouth , like a cigar . a man of about thirty - five , be appear much older , probably from a excess of booze and woman . he look up , and he mouth drop open , the hot dog fall to the ground . he have see Carter . ext . track enclosure - day Carter be push he way along the line of booky , all the time look about he . the track loudspeaker announce the winner of the last race . ext . track enclosure - day Albert pale . he hold he race card in front of he face and disappear into the crowd . as he move off , he foot step on the hot dog and tomato ketchup ooze out . ext . track saddling enclosure - day Carter stand alone , casting a eye over the punter . his eye rest on someone the other side of the saddle ring eric paice . dress in a grey chauffeur 's uniform , cap , dark glass and glove , he be stand close to three well - heele - look man with binocular and shoot stick . horse for the next race be be lead around the enclosure . Carter approach from behind . he look at Eric closely before speak . carter grey suit you , Eric . Eric swing round , startle . eric good God ! Carter smile . carter be he ? eric Jack Carter . carter ( amused ) eric. Eric paice . eric what you do around here then ? carter do not you know this be my home town ? eric no , I do not know that . carter funny , that . Carter take out he cigarettes . Eric take one . eric thanks . so what be you do ? on you holiday ? carter no . I be visit relative . eric oh , that 's nice . carter it would be . if they be still live . eric meaning what ? carter a bereavement . a death in the family . eric oh , I be sorry to hear that . carter that 's all right , Eric . Carter flick bis lighter and give Eric a , light . eric well , well . small world , be not it ? carter very ... ( pause ) so , who you work for this day Eric ? eric oh , I be straight . ( indicate uniform ) respectable . carter ( smile ) what be you do ? advertise martini ? eric oh , you have be watch television . carter yeah , ( pause ) come off it , Eric . who be it ? Eric smile back . carter brumby ? Eric shake he head . carter kinnear ? Eric shake he head eric what 's it to you anyway ? carter I have always ad you welfare at heart , Eric . besides which , I be nosy . eric that 's not always a healthy way to be ... carter and you should know , if I remember rightly . a track announcement interrupt they . carter so you be do all right then , Eric . you be make good . eric make a live . carter good prospect for advancement , be there ? a pension ? ( he can not resist it any longer . he lift the sunglass off Eric 's nose and look into he eye . ) do you know , I would almost forget what you eye look like . Eric stare back . carter they be still the same . piss hole in the snow . eric still get a sense of humour ? carter yes , I retain that , Eric . ( he move towards the saddle ring and turn to Eric . ) do you know a man call Albert Swift , Eric ? eric can not say I do . Carter look across at the track . carter do not miss the start on my account . ext . race track - day start gate slam open and the horse leap out . int . hire car - afternoon Carter be drive along a country road . ahead , two car be between he and a cadillac with dark - tinted window . the cadillac turn on to a minor road . Carter follow . int . cadillac - late afternoon Eric paice be drive . in the back sit the three man see with he at the race track . the drink compartment be open and they be help themselves to champagne . Racing result come over the car radio . int . hire car - late afternoon Carter follow the cadillac at a safe distance . it turn into a driveway . Carter slow down and read a sign by the entrance : the Heights . he drive on and park . ext . the height - late afternoon Carter come through a wood area . he pause by a lake , now overgrown with weed . a big man stand toss stone into the water . Carter silently pick up a dead branch then run at the man . Carter whacks he on the head and he collapse unconscious into the lake . Carter move on towards the house . marty and ray the two man previously see in the land Rover , be play with a alsatian on the spacious lawn front the house . it 's a victorian building surround by acre of woodland . Carter break from the tree and dart for the side door . one of the man notice and shout after he . int . the height - late afternoon Carter run into the house and slip into a small service room . Ray and then marty charge inside but miss see Carter . int . the height - sitting room - late afternoon a game of poker be in progress . seat around the table be the three man with Eric at the race track . with they be a elegant man , cyril kinnear . on the sofa be glenda , a sexy - look young woman , and Eric paice . Ray burst in . ray Carter 's here . Eric jump up . eric where ? ray I do not know . eric you stupid shit ! Carter walk past Ray , blow he a kiss . kinnear watch with some amusement . kinnear you see what it 's like this day , Jack . you can not get the material . Carter look at Eric . carter yes , I can see you problem , Mr kinnear . kinnear sit down , Jack , ( pause ) I could weep . I really could . sometimes I think I will retire . just piss off to the Bahamas and let somebody else employ they , ( to girl ) glenda , get Jack a drink . what be it , Jack ? carter ( to glenda ) scotch , please . kinnear ( to bouncer ) piss off , Ray . Ray close the door behind he . glenda bring Carter he scotch . he look at she as she sit beside he . kinnear Eric tell I of you bereavement . carter yep . kinnear do you know , I never know he work in one of my place ! carter no ? funny that . neither do I . kinnear if I would know , I would have fix he up with something better . carter yeah . kinnear nasty way to go . carter yes . one of the three man sit around the table with kinnear get impatient . peter , les and harry be well - heele , middle - age , northern businessman . harry be we here to play card or talk about the old day ? kinnear Harry ! Jack , I do not want to be rude , but this man have bring a lot of money with they . glenda , you do not offer a man like Jack a drink in that piddle little glass . give he the bloody bottle . ( he pick up he card . ) now , where be we ? Harry keep a cold , wary eye on he . kinnear oh ... I think I will stay as I be . harry ( shake ) you be bluff , you bastard ! kinnear that 's what you pay to find out . right , Jack ? carter right . if you can afford it . harry ( to Carter ) think you be go soon . carter soon . when you have lose you money . wo not take long . harry clever sod , be not you ? carter only comparatively . kinnear Harry , I do not like to push , but could you let we know how much you hand 's worth ? Harry look at he card . glenda tuck she leg up , make sure that Carter get a eyeful . glenda you know sid fletcher ? carter what ? glenda you know sid fletcher ? carter I work for he . glenda do you ? carter ( amused ) yes , I do . Carter look back at the table . kinnear push in some money . harry what 's that ? a hundred ? kinnear that 's right , Harry . harry you hundred , and another hundred . kinnear lay more cash on the table . harry what 's that ? kinnear that , Harry ? that 's another hundred - twenty - five pound note of the realm . harry Three hundred altogether ? kinnear Three hundred altogether , Harry . glenda attract Carter 's attention again . glenda I know he too . carter who ? glenda sid fletcher . carter ( send she up ) oh , do you ? glenda ( dumb ) yes . carter no , do you really ? Carter turn to the table yet again . Harry nervously put another hundred on the table . kinnear purse he lip . kinnear I will follow that and go two hundred . Harry look sick . kinnear you can always see I , Harry . Harry sweat and then smile nervously . harry all right . two hundred . kinnear ( raise a eyebrow ) ha. kinnear take a wad of note out of he pocket . glenda , shift herself on the sofa . glenda yes . I meet he last year . carter go on . glenda oh yes . when he come up on business . carter really ? glenda he come to see Mr kinnear . carter no . Carter , get bored , look back at the game . harry ( panic ) what 's that ? kinnear that 's six hundred pound , Harry . two hundred to follow you , and I have raise it four hundred . Harry sweat some more . harry four hundred ? kinnear that 's right . harry you be not see I ? kinnear no . Harry smile nervously . he count some money out . harry I will see you , then . kinnear Calling my bluff , be you , Harry ? Harry nod . glenda speak , but this time Carter keep he eye on the table . kinnear lay out he hand '' a heart flush , queen high . glenda we go about together . carter really ? glenda yes , while he be here . carter while he be here . you go about together ? glenda he be here for four day . carter be he ? glenda could you do I a favour ? carter yeah , I will do you a favour . glenda could you please put my glass on the table ? Carter smile and do just that . kinnear oh , come on , Harry . I have not win , have I ? go on , you be pull my leg . kinnear lean across to pick up Harry 's card . Harry grab they and put they in the pack . kinnear turn to Carter . kinnear how about that , Jack ? Old Harry think I be have he on . harry shut up . Carter get up from the sofa . kinnear not go , Jack ? carter I have to . thing to see to . kinnear of course , of course . well , any time , just drop by . carter yeah , I will do that . ( he point at Harry . ) told you it would not take long , do not I ? Eric open the door and follow he out . int . the height - hallway - evening Carter move towards the front door . eric Jack ! I do not like that . carter you should have tell I who you be work for . eric cyril do not like it , either . carter oh , cyril , eh ? so it 's all girl together , be it ? eric he 's think sid and Gerald will not like it much when they hear you have be stick you nose in . Carter carry on walk to the front door . he open it . carter he 's right . tell he to save the cost of the phone call . Carter leave . Eric signal Ray to follow he . ext . scrapyard - day huge metal claw catch hold of a old car and lift it like it be a toy . the yard be beside the River tyne . in the distance a train cross the Iron Bridge . Carter be examine a beat - up hillman when the yard owner , billy law , approach . billy ( suspicious ) what do you want ? carter what happen to this car ? billy what 's it get to do with you ? carter this be my brother 's car . billy oh ay ? carter yeah . billy well , he drive it into the river . carter be the steering faulty ? billy shake he head . carter what about the brake ? billy Fine . nowt wrong with they . carter how would it happen , then ? billy he be drunk . drunk as a lord . carter be he ? int . the half moon - night a big , busty pub singer be perform on the small stage . a trio on she right play a good , grind , up - tempo number . Carter come through the door . he push he way through the pack drunken crowd to the bar . keith serve he . keith what you have , Jack ? carter large scotch . Carter watch the singer . the customer cheer and whistle . keith return with the scotch . he look nervously around and speak to Carter quietly . keith Heard of a man call thorpe ? carter Old thorpey ? have not see he in a long time . keith ( pick up Carter 's money ) that 's what he be say about you . keith take the money to the till . the music grind away . keith return . keith Said he would hear you be up in town . wonder if I know where you be stay . want to look you up . Old time 's sake . carter that 's nice . what would you tell he ? keith nowt . carter good lad . Carter watch the singer , then finish he drink . carter see you later . keith where you off to ? carter ( smile ) Las Vegas . Carter make for the door . the singer be now move through the table . she pause to give some man a kiss . everybody cheer . the woman sit with the man snap . she pick up he glass of beer and throw it over the singer ; then grab she hair and pull she to the ground . Carter stop to watch . the two woman roll on the floor , punch and scratch . Carter smile and leave . ext . alley in town centre - night on the corner be a neon - light snack bar . doreen and another young girl be sit inside suck milk shake . somewhere a drunk be sing . his voice echoe up the alley . Carter draw alongside and notice doreen . he stop and watch she . she have not see he so he go to the window and knock on it . she look up and he beckon she outside . reluctantly , she come . carter ( gently ) you all right now ? doreen yeah . carter you come to South America ? doreen no . Carter 's hurt and slightly irritate by this rejection . carter where you go to live , then ? doreen at I friend 's house . carter where 's that ? doreen wilton estate . carter Nice family , be they ? Church - goer and all that ? doreen nod . carter good . I be off tomorrow , so I do not suppose I will see you again . ( he pull out a wad of money , and peel off some note . ) there . go and get you hair do . doreen ( can not believe it ) thanks . he lift she chin with he finger and look at she . carter be good . and do not trust boy . doreen blushes and turn away . she rush back to the snack bar with the money to show she friend . int . boarding house - hall / sitting room - night the front door open and Carter enter . stand on the hall table be a small wooden casket with a envelope tape to it . Carter pocket the envelope and pick up the casket . edna ( o.s. ) that be leave for you this evening . Carter walk past she into the sit room . edna what be it ? carter my brother , Frank . edna be he stay the night ? carter funny . ( he put the casket on a side table . ) can I phone London ? edna it will cost you . int . fletcher' house - bedroom - night Anna be undress . she 's alone . pull the short black - silk underslip over she head , she stand in front of a long mirror , clad only in black panty , bra and tight . she look at herself appreciatively . the phone ring . she flop on the bed and pick up the receiver . anna hello . a voice speak on the end of the line . anna how I miss you . ( she stretch herself out sexily and smile . ) stop it , darling . int . boarding house - sitting room - night it 's a cosy room . Carter be on the telephone . edna sit in a rock chair . carter ( look at edna ) I fancy you . I wish I be touch you right now ... edna turn towards he . Carter fix she with he eye . edna rock herself gently . Carter continue softly . carter ... make love to you . I want to stroke you and kiss you all over . where be you ? int . fletcher' house - bedroom - night Anna be lie full - length on the bed . anna in the bedroom . Carter speak on the other end . anna my black underwear . int . boarding house - sitting room - night edna rock backwards and forward . carter ( quietly ) the sexy , silk one ? Anna reply . he continue softly . carter take you bra off . ( pause ) no , go on . int . fletcher' house - bedroom - night Anna unhook she bra . there 's a flash of breast . int . boarding house - sitting room - night the scene as before . carter now hold they . gently . int . fletcher' house - bedroom - night Anna 's hand cover she breast . her head move slowly from side to side , eye close . int . boarding house - sitting room - night scene as before . carter slowly . imagine it 's I . int . fletcher' house - bedroom - night Anna 's hand caress the inside of she leg . her head roll from side to side slowly . she 's breathe heavily . cross - CUT between edna 's head rock backwards and forward and Anna 's head move from side to side . carter ( v.o. ) when we be in South America , we will make love in the sun . Roll over ... and make love again ... and again ... for I ... I fancy you ... the speed of the cutting build . int . fletcher' house - bedroom - night suddenly the door open and Gerald come in . he see Anna groan on the bed . gerald what 's the matter ? you get gut trouble or something ? Anna sit up abruptly and put she hand over the receiver . anna no , darling . just do some exercise , ( into telephone ) listen , Janet , Gerald 's just get in , so I must ring off . ( pause ) yes . yes . I will come tomorrow . int . boarding house - sitting room - night scene as before . carter save it till Sunday . I will be back then . Carter replace the receiver . he still hold edna 's eye . she rock to and for . the rocker creak . the front door bell break the mood . carter that will be for I . int . boarding house - hall - night Carter open the door . keith be outside . he 's sweat . his tie be somewhere round the back of he neck and he suit be cover with dirt . keith thorpey . they be wait for we in the car park . carter how many ? keith four of they . Carter pull keith inside and turn out the light . a Ford Zodiac come along the road . it stop . four face peer into the darkness where they be stand . nobody get out . the back window wind down . thorpe 's nervous voice float out . thorpe Jack ? carter good evening . thorpe I would like a word with you , Jack . carter that 's nice . thorpe confidential , like . carter you stay in the car . I will come and listen . ( ( he leave the darkness and walk to the car . ) what you want to tell I , thorpey ? thorpe hold out he hand . thorpe I have be ask to give you this . he hand Carter a railway ticket . Carter smile . thorpe train go at four minute past twelve . you have just get time . carter that 's very kind of somebody . who do I have to thank ? ( pause ) what happen if I miss the train ? thorpe I have be ask to make sure you do not . carter oh , really . you be get very optimistic in you old age , be not you , thorpey ? one of the man inside mutter . man let 's stop pissing about . thorpe be you come , Jack ? it would be best . Carter tear the ticket in half and drop it in the gutter . thorpe right lad . the front passenger door start to open . Carter grab it and pull it wide open . with all he force , he slam it against the man as he get out . the window shatter over he head . blood spurt everywhere . the driver panic . he accelerate away as the man in the back be get out . his foot be trap in a safety belt . he 's upend and drag along the tarmac , he head dangerously close to the back wheel . his yell make the driver brake . in the confusion thorpe escape from the car and make off . Carter spot he and begin to run . carter ( roar ) thorpe ! thorpe turn into the main road . he make for the dance hall and disappear inside . Carter follow . int . dance hall - night the dance floor be full , mainly with miniskirt girl , they handbags at they foot . a rock band play mechanical music to match the dance . thorpe vanish into the crowd circle the floor . Carter arrive . he scan the place , then see thorpe as he disappear down into the gent ' lavatory . int . dance hall - gent ' lavatory - night Carter enter . there 's no sign of thorpe . he check the cubicle until he find the one that 's occupy , then go into the next one . he climb on the seat and look over the partition . thorpe be sit down look at the door . Carter quietly lean across and pull the chain . thorpe jump up , terrify . carter time 's up , thorpey . Carter smile . ext . boarding house - night keith kick break glass into the gutter while he wait . edna 's next -door neighbour , a old woman , watch . Carter and thorpe come down the street . carter hello , keith , ( pause ) stay there , thorpey . he knock on edna 's door . it fly open . edna be furious . edna what the bloody hell do you think you be at ? carter ( smile ) I be sorry . edna you do not look it . carter no. really , I be . edna do not come that bloody flannel with I . if you be a traveller , I be bloody twiggy . ( she point at thorpe . ) and who 's he ? old woman what 's go on ? have you no think for other ? carter we be go inside . edna Inside ? why should I give house - room to you sort ? carter up the stair , keith . the door on the right . old woman everybody know you , edna garfoot . everybody know there would be trouble when you move in . Carter , keith and thorpe enter the house . edna you keep you trap shut , ma. old woman I will send my old man to see you ! edna and would not he love it ! int . boarding house - hall - night Carter , thorpe and keith be climb the stair . Carter stop to pick up Frank 's casket . edna rush in and slam the door . edna where do you think you be go ? Carter open the door to he room . carter why do not you go and make we all a nice cup of tea ? Carter shove thorpe into the room . keith follow . edna and what you go to do ? carter make we a nice cup of tea and I will tell you . I might even let you watch . edna I will call the police . carter ( he know she fancy he ) no , you will not . Carter close the door . int . boarding house - bedroom - night Carter carefully place the casket on the chest of drawer . carter well now , thorpey . it seem I have get a secret benefactor . ( he move into the room and open he briefcase , which be lie on the bed . ) it 's nice to know that . be not it , keith ? ( he take out a bottle of whisky . ) there 's only one trouble , I do not know who to thank . thorpe look longingly at the bottle of scotch . suddenly Carter punch he hard in the stomach . he grunt and collapse into a chair . carter now , I want to know who it be , thorpey . Carter toss the whisky bottle to keith and continue wearily . carter all right . if you like , thorpey , we will stop muck about . somebody do not want I poke my nose into something and I happen to know what that something be . ( pause ) now stand up . thorpe look at he , terrify . slowly he stand . Carter grab he by the testicles and apply preasure . thorpe scream . carter who pay you to see I off ? thorpe I can not Jack . how can I ? carter yes you can . Carter apply more pressure . thorpe scream . thorpe no , do not Jack , do not . carter who send you , thorpey ? thorpe ( desperate ) brumby ! Carter give he a final squeeze and let go . thorpe groan and slip to the floor , double up in agony . carter there you be , you see . now you could , could not you ? ( pause ) and quickly . there 's a knock on the door . Carter let in edna , who be carry the teatray . carter ah , edna , come in . join the tea set . keith who 's brumby ? carter cliff brumby . ever be to westsea ? keith nod . carter ever be into a arcade there and put a penny in the slot machine ? keith yeah . carter ten to one , it belong to cliff brumby , and like as not the bloody arcade as well . right along the coast . be not that right , thorpey ? thorpe drag himself painfully to a chair . carter where 's he live this day ? thorpe he 's get a new place at burnham . carter address ? thorpe on the Durham Road . the pantile . edna ( furious ) suppose you tell I what the bloody hell 's go on . it 's my house , you know . carter yes , edna , and I must say you have be great about the ... edna stick the soft soap . let 's be have it . thorpe 's plaintive voice interrupt . thorpe can I go now ? carter you must be joke , ( to keith ) keep he away from the telephone . I be go out for a bit . edna now just a minute ... carter ta-ra . thorpe do not let on I tell you , for God 's sake . Carter laugh and close the door . ext . the pantile - night it 's a large , new , ranch - style house , set back from the road . the front garden be a landscape gardener 's nightmare , with its phoney brick and wrought- iron wishing well , porcelain dwarf , lily pond , the lot . Fairy light hang over everything . there 's a party go on . light be on in every room and the rock music be loud . the drive be line with sport car . Carter park and get out . out of a side door a young man stumble towards the lily pond . there , he promptly throw up . Carter watch from behind a tree . his attention shift to the white bentley turn into the drive . it brake sharply and the driver jump out . cliff brumby have be to a police ball . he be impeccably dress in tuxedo and white scarf . now he 's hopping mad . brumby Jesus wept ! mrs brumby cower in the passenger seat . mrs brumby now , cliff , do not get mad . brumby I will murder the little bitch ! mrs brumby cliff ... brumby roar up to the front door , bang it furiously . a young woman in a party dress , expect to greet a latecomer , be stunne to see who it be . sandra daddy ! brumby that 's right , bloody daddy . sandra I be not expect you until three o'clock . brumby and this be what you call have a few friend back for coffee , be it ? brumby push past she into the house . brumby running bloody riot over my bloody furniture , drink my bloody booze ... the rest be lose as he disappear inside . he then power out through the side door brumby ... spew over my fuck goldfish . he aim a kick at the young man 's backside , send he face - down into the lily pond . Mrs brumby get out of the car and hover for a moment . as she approach the house , people pour out . brumby appear at the door with a boy pull up he trousers . mrs brumby cliff ... brumby throw the boy out . brumby shut up , Phyllis . ( he walk back into the house . ) Sandra ! Mrs brumby go into the house and close the door . brumby pass a upstairs window as Sandra lock herself in a bedroom . brumby Sandra ! unlock the door , you bitch . Carter pause outside the front door and listen to the row go on upstairs . he open the door and go in . int . the pantile - night Carter pass silently through the hall into the large sit room . Mrs brumby be sit in a armchair . brumby be still yell at he daughter upstairs . carter good evening . Mrs brumby jump . the front door be open . mrs brumby ( stand ) who be you ? carter I be a old friend of cliff 's . I want to see he . Mrs brumby look at she watch irritably . carter it 's urgent . mrs brumby what 's it about ? carter Business . mrs brumby I know all about cliff 's business . Carter move further into the room . carter yeah , well , tell he the fletcher send I . Mrs brumby be uncertain what to do . Carter sit in a armchair to make he point . she leave . a moment later brumby storm into the room . brumby what the bloody hell 's all this ? Carter do not move . brumby you know what the bloody time be ! ( pause ) it 's two o'clock in the bloody morning ! carter I know . brumby well ? Carter still doesn 't move . brumby the wife say the fletcher send you . Carter just look at he . weigh he up . brumby what 's so bloody important it could not wait till the morning ? Carter start to laugh . he realize thorpe have lie to he . brumby be not he man . brumby listen , I be not in the mood for bloody silly bugger . Carter stand . carter I make a mistake . brumby what ? carter I make a mistake . brumby what about ? carter never mind . brumby look confuse . brumby it 's not business ? Carter move to the door . carter see you . brumby move between he and the door . brumby listen , I do not like it when some hard nut come push he way in and out my house in the middle of the night . Carter again make to leave . brumby stop he . brumby bloody well tell I who send you . carter you be a big man , but you be in bad shape . with I , it 's a full - time job . now behave yourself . brumby swing at he . Carter move away from the punch , then apply several sharp blow to brumby 's head and neck . brumby groan and collapse into the armchair , hurt . Carter walk into the hall and out of the front door . carter good night , Mrs brumby . ext . ' las vega ' boarding house - night Carter walk up the desert street to edna 's place . he find the front door unlock . int . boarding house - hall - night Carter enter cautiously . there be no sound . he close the door quietly and pause at the foot of the stair . still there be no sound . he wait . a sudden rustle attract he attention . quietly , he move to the sit - room door . int . boarding house - sitting room - night Carter switch on the light . edna be press against the far wall , hold a poker . her dress be tear and she hair dishevel . when she see Carter , she sigh with relief . edna you sod . carter they come back ? edna ( sarcastically ) no. Carter help himself to a glass of water from the tap . edna look at she tear dress . edna look at this . you bastard . Carter put the glass on the table . edna you do not care a stuff , do you ? Carter take out he phial of pill . carter I will buy you another . Carter swallow a pill . edna what about the lad ? they take he away . Carter shrug he shoulder . edna what will they do to he ? carter do not ask I . edna rub she wrist . edna they bloody hurt I . carter you be lucky . they kill as well . edna ( mock he ) and what about you ? do you kill brumby ? Carter shake he head . edna thorpey nearly die laugh . carter that little shit ! edna what about keith ? carter what about keith ? edna what you go to do ? carter pension he off . edna you be a bastard . carter ( angry ) what be I suppose to do ? I do not know where they have take he . do you ? edna shake she head . carter so shut up . edna what 's that gun do in you room ? suppose I phone the police and tell they there 's a bloke stay in my hotel who 's plan to shoot somebody ? carter you would not . edna how would you know I would not ? carter ( smile ) ' cos I know you wear purple underwear . edna what 's that suppose to mean ? carter think about it . Carter take hold of she tear blouse and rip it open . she be wear purple underwear . ext . boarding house - day it 's Sunday morning . a girl ' march band rehearse on the wasteground in front of the terrace house . the pelaw hussar march back and forth carry they proud banner , lead by the drum majorette . int . boarding house - day above the bed hang a sign ' what would Jesus say ? ' in the bed lie Carter and edna . the distant sound of the march band help they surface . edna be you awake ? carter no . edna do you want breakfast ? carter you must be joke . I never eat breakfast , ( pause ) do you sleep well ? edna uh-huh . ext . boarding house - day the pelaw hussar keep on march . the back of they banner a stir motto for youth and valour . int . boarding house - day scene as before . edna do you sleep well ? carter yes , thank you . he put he arm around she and move on top . ext . boarding house - day as the band execute another movement , a red jaguar slide to a halt outside edna 's house . two man get out . peter the dutchman and con mccarty be definitely not local lad . they look , and be , lethal . they try edna 's front door . it open . int . boarding house - day scene as before . carter be you tired ? edna no . be you tired ? carter no . I be not tired , ( pause ) do you eat breakfast ? edna laugh . they start to make love . gently . below the undulate bedspring rest a large chamberpot and , beside it , Carter 's shotgun . Beyond be the bedroom door . it open slowly and the two man enter . only they leg be visible . con ( o.s. ) put we in it , Jack . Carter be off the bed , and edna , in a flash . edna scream and try to stop the bedclothes follow Carter on to the floor . Peter and con stand beside the bed smile . Peter be a queer and dress fancy in a leather coat , wide - bottome trousers and a loud silk scarf . his hair be bleach blond . con be more traditional , more butch . he 's in a camelhair overcoat , suit and tie . both be in they thirty . peter do not let we interrupt you , Jack . carter I might have guess . con sorry about this . but there you be . order be order . carter and what order would they be , con ? Carter 's hand run over the carpet . it 's go towards the chamber pot instead of the gun . con Gerald phone we in the middle of the night , say he would hear you have be make a nuisance of yourself . peter we have get to take you back to London . con he say it would be do he a big favour . Carter 's hand find the chamber pot and quickly move on towards the gun . con we know why you be all steam up , and so do Gerald and sid . peter but they have to be diplomatic . Carter pull out the gun and jump up . carter right . now take I back to London . con ( smile ) it would be best if you get dress first . Carter move around the bed towards they . he 's naked . con put it away , Jack . you know you will not use it . peter the gun he mean . both man be laugh . carter out . Peter and con back down the stair . Peter look up at Carter 's cock . peter if Anna could see you now . carter out . con now , Jack . be reasonable . you know we be go to take you back - sooner or later . carter out . ext . boarding house - day con be the first to emerge from the front door . con mind you do not catch cold . Peter follow . peter I hope she 's get understanding neighbour . then Carter come out , shotgun hold across he chest . con see you when you have get you drawer on . the old woman next door choose that moment to come out for she milk . as she straighten up , she see Carter . the bottle fly from she hand and smashes on she doorstep . Carter , never take he eye off Peter and con , slowly back into the house . int . boarding house - bedroom - day Carter watch from the window as he pull on he jacket . the gun lie across the armchair . outside , he can see Peter and con talk by the jaguar . con exit . edna , now in she dress gown , enter . carter do we a favour ? edna what , and get myself beat up again ? carter no chance of that . edna not much . carter they be friend of mine . edna and that will make I feel better ? carter I do not want to get rough , do I ? Carter pick up the gun . he hand edna , bis case and the casket . int . rear of boarding house - day edna come out of the back gate into a alley , carry the casket and case . con emerge from he hide place hold a handgun . con hold it ! where do you think you be go ? Carter appear from the gate next door , cover con with the shotgun . carter strawberry Fair . he take con 's handgun and signal he to go into edna 's yard . carter in. turn right . ( he point the gun at the coalsh . ) open that door . con unbolt the door . carter and go inside . con go in . Carter close and bolt the door . he move quickly back to edna and the car . edna what you go to do ? carter I be go to sit in the car and whistle ' rule , Britannia ' . Carter jump into the car . edna you come back ? carter how could I stay away ? the car roar off . ext . back alley - day wash hang behind each house as far as the eye can see . Carter drive full tilt through it , collect towel and sheet on the windscreen . ext . edna' yard - day the coalhouse door be get a terrible batter . it finally give and con burst out . he run into the alley , follow after Carter . ext . boarding house front - day Carter 's car screech as it corner from the alley on to the road . Peter be lean against the open door of the jaguar . when he see Carter come straight at he , he scarper for the pavement . Carter hit the jaguar 's door at speed , tear it off . it fly up and crash on to the tarmac as Carter career over the wasteground . soon he be out of sight . con come run . Peter be look at the damage . peter where be you , then ? con see what 's happen to the car and be not pleased . con bollock . ext . back STREET - day Carter pull up outside a house and get out . he take the wash off the car 's bonnet , and throw it into a neglect garden . ext . front door - day Carter press the bell . the door 's open by a young man , shamir . carter keith in ? shamir ( shout ) keith . no answer . shamir watch Carter as he walk into the hall . carter ( o.s. ) which be he room ? int . keith be room - day Carter enter and close the door . keith be in a have way , he face like a piece of raw steak . he be lie on a bed , still in the clothes of the night before . carter what happen to you , then ? keith how would you find I ? keith lift he head painfully from the pillow . carter do they give you a rough time ? keith no . ( he lower he head to the pillow . ) you bastard . you know they would come back . carter no , I do not , ( pause ) do Albert Swift still live over the ferry ? keith get knotted . carter all right . all right . I want to square thing with you first . keith oh yes ? how ? Carter take out of he wad of money . keith 's bloodshot eye watch he through the surround puff of flesh . keith stuff it ! my girl friend 's come from Liverpool tonight . Nice surprise , be not it ? carter I be sorry . here . this will pay for a course in karate . he throw some money on the bed . keith try to kick it off , but it 's too painful . he clutches he testicles . keith Frank say you be a shit and he be bloody well right . Carter turn to leave . keith continue , cry and angry . keith you even screw he wife , do not you ? Carter shut the door , leave keith shouting after he . keith the poor bastard do not even know if the kid be he . he fall back on to the bed , cry out in pain . ext . riverside - day a wide road run alongside the tyne . it pass below the vast steel bridge that link the two part of the city . a carpark lie at the foot of the ' Iron Bridge ' . Carter pull up and park . he get out and move quickly . ext . the iron bridge - day the bridge be a , massive structure . the traffic lane be flanke each side by pedestrian walkway . it be here that Carter and Margaret have arrange to meet . carter how be thing between you and Frank ? margaret he be all right to I . carter nothing more ? just another feller ? margaret nicer than most . carter but he be just another feller , be not he ? margaret yes . carter though nicer than most ? margaret yes . I can not help the way I be . carter ( ignore the statement ) why would you see he so regular ? margaret once a week ? carter I call that regular . margaret he be gentlemanly . I like that . carter once a week you like a gentleman ? margaret ( angrily ) look , I be I , right . you be not . we be what we be , like it or not . ( she turn and walk slowly along the bridge . ) why all the bloody needle ? carter what be bugging Frank ? margaret he want I to leave Dave and marry he . last Friday I tell he it would not work . Dave would have kill we both ! ( pause ) he follow I home and kick up a stink in the street , ( pause ) I have to tell Frank I could not see he any more . it be get too dodgy . that be on Sunday . ( she stop and look over the bridge . ) he say he would kill himself . I be frighten what you might do . they look at each other for a moment . Carter shake he head . he gently take the sunglass from Margaret 's face and fold they up . carter I do not believe you , Margaret . Frank be not like that . ( pause ) I be the villain in the family , remember ? margaret it 's the truth . Carter snap she glass in two and throw they away . margaret it be . honestly . carter ( shouting ) you bloody whore . Frank be too careful to die like that . who kill he ? margaret I do not know nothing . Carter hold she arm . she wince like she 's be hit before . carter listen , the only reason I come back to this craphole be to find out who do it . and I will not leave until I do . you understand ? behind Carter Peter 's jaguar come slowly along the bridge . it stop . the passenger side be a gape hole . con hello , Jack . Carter swing round to see they , then swing angrily back to Margaret . carter you bitch ! it be you who tell they I be here , be not it ? he smack she hard across the face . Margaret cry out . the car draw alongside . a steel mesh separate the pedestrian way from the traffic , so the two man can not get to Carter until he reach the end of the bridge . con lean out , he usual cheery self . con Peter 's very upset about he car . he 's go to shit all over you . carter I will catch up with you later , Margaret . and with that he vault over the handrail on to a corrugate roof . con jump out of the jaguar . peter ( shout above the revs ) come on , get in . con do and they race off . ext . wasteland - day Carter arrive at the top of some narrow , steep , overgrown step lead down to the river road , where he car be park . he leap down the step as the jaguar screech to a halt at the top . con leap out of the jaguar and give chase . Peter back the jaguar and roar off . ext . river road - day Carter come run down the step with con not far behind . he arrive at the river road . in the distance , he can see he park car . as he near the car park , Peter 's jaguar come down the hill . it 's go to cut Carter off from he car . a sunbeam Alpine sport car wait there . its engine roar into life and it race out of the car park . it reach he just before the jaguar and slow down . glenda over here , Jack . Carter see that the driver be glenda . the hood be down , so he vault into the car as it accelerate off . the sunbeam swing round , narrowly miss the oncoming jaguar , and roar away . Peter have not a chance . he 's face the wrong way and have little room to manoeuvre . glenda laugh as the car swing wildly around a corner at the top of the hill . int . sunbeam - day every movement glenda make be sexually charge manual gear change , steering , even brake . Carter can not take he eye off she . glenda you do not know you have a fairy godmother , do you ? carter no . I do not know that . glenda a fairy godmother , all of you own . be not you lucky ? carter so where be we go , princess ? glenda to the demon king 's castle , of course . carter of course . where else ? the car scream off the road into a multi-storey carpark . int . multi - storey car park - day glenda really put she foot down . the car hurtle around each desert floor . carter how would you know where I would be ? glenda you be see parking you car . the demon king wave he wand and I be dispatch to bring you to he . lucky for you I wait . carter very lucky , I should think . you be drunk ! glenda nasty . carter he must have be pretty sure I would come . glenda oh , he be . he tell I a magic spell that would make you come . carter ( smile ) and what be that ? glenda we be there now . she brake to a split-second stop . int . penthouse restaurant - day it 's one large empty concrete box with big picture window all the way round . wire be hang from the ceiling and wall where the light will eventually be fix . a tall figure stand at the opposite end , face the set sun . he be just a silhouette . Carter and glenda enter and walk towards the man . the silhouette turn as he near it . it 's brumby . brumby a new venture of mine . it 's go to be a restaurant . ( pause ) do you like it ? carter yes . brumby last night , after you would go , I do a little bit of ask around . see as you be not very forthcoming , ( pause ) it seem that you be concerned about the death of you brother ? ( pause ) I get to think it would be nice if the bloke you be after be the same bloke I want off my back , ( pause ) you know my life . machine . the arcade . Nice business . look after itself . people put money in . I take it out . not much rough stuff . it 's a business that make I very happy . but recently , I have have a spot of bother , ( pause ) one of my lad get a bit over - anxious and flog some machine in a club that 's already get some . the upshot be I have have to eat shit and stop flog my machine to other club . ( pause ) so far as I be concerned , that 's it . apparently not . this people I have offended get the idea that it would be good to take over my whole outfit , ( pause ) so I be worried . I can not fight they '' I have not that kind of set-up . but I have get to fix they before they fix I . trouble be , if I try and they find out , I be dead . brumby pick up a black briefcase . he hold it up to Carter . brumby five grand . it belong to you . along with a little name I be go to give you . carter what name ? brumby kinnear . cyril kinnear. ( pause ) kinnear do it . carter why ? brumby I do not know . all I know be that people be shitting brick up at he place last Saturday . you brother 's name be mention . next day , he be dead . carter why ? brumby I do not know . that 's all I be tell . Carter take a last look at glenda and walk slowly back towards the entrance . carter that 's not good enough . brumby Christ , what ... carter ( shouting ) do I a favour . you do not really expect I to fix kinnear on you say - so ? ( pause ) just because they try to get I on you last night , do not think you can pull the same trick . stroll on . brumby Jack , you be wrong . carter good afternoon , Mr brumby . Carter exit . brumby Jack ... ext . multi - storey car park - day Carter step out of the elevator as glenda 's sunbeam come down the bottom ramp fast . the car brake hard and stop . Carter open the door and get in . not a word be say . int . glenda's apartment - day the apartment be one of many in a modern block and glenda have only recently move in . there be a mattress on the floor . a large mirror lean against the wall behind it and a film projector stand close to the window , which have makeshift curtain . Carter and glenda be on the mattress . the bedding be all over the place . they have just finish fuck . carter ( look around ) who 's set you up in this place ? glenda brumby . carter be he come here ? glenda do not worry . he 's meeting the architect at the restaurant . Carter play with she hair . carter be not you scared kinnear will find out ? glenda he will not . he think I be simple . Carter kiss she neck . carter what do he want that bloody great country place for ? glenda ( knowingly ) entertain . carter what kind of entertaining ? glenda now you be ask . Carter look at the film projector by the bed and point . carter do brumby get a kick out of that crap ? glenda ( giggle ) especially when I play the lead . Carter wrap he arm about she . carter do kinnear say anything ? after I would leave the other night ? glenda sit up sharply . glenda that 's why you wait for I . carter ( kissing she on the neck ) not entirely . no . glenda you sure about that ? carter sure I be sure . glenda push he away and get out of the bed . glenda you bastard . glenda leave for the bathroom . Carter , curious , look at the film projector . it 's load . he switch it on . a beam of light hit the opposite wall . he settles down to watch the film . the leader flash by , then a title be chalk on a school blackboard ' the teacher 's Pet ' . a zoom back reveal glenda , bare - breast , hold the chalk . this be follow by a long shot of a young girl , dress in school uniform , wait at a bus stop . a car approach and stop . a woman driver offer the girl a lift . the woman be Margaret . the identity of the girl not reveal . int . glenda's bathroom - day glenda be in the bath . lot of foam . the hot water be still run . she 's smoking . she lean forward , turn off the tap . int . glenda's apartment - day Carter be sit up on the mattress , amused by the soft porn unfold on the white wall in front of he . the schoolgirl accept the lift and the car drive off . the door to a anonymous apartment open and Margaret come in with the girl . her school hat still hide she identity . glenda be there to greet they . the girl be very awkward . glenda try to make she relax , sit she down and show she a magazine . glenda bring she into a bedroom . she take she own top off and go to do the same with the girl . she take she hat off . a close - up show that it be doreen . Carter tense but never flinch from what 's happen in the film . Margaret come into the bedroom and feign shock at what she see . she slap glenda and they start fight , eventually roll off the bed . the apartment door open and a man smoking a big cigar come in . Carter sit up . it 's Albert Swift . Albert open another door , look for someone . he leave . another door open and he 's in the bedroom . he see the two woman fight on the floor , but on the bed be he prize doreen . Carter watch . doreen bite she nail and look terrify . reflected in the mirror behind Carter be the image of Albert take off he trousers . the reel run out and flap like a fish . Carter do not move . tear form in he eye . he look old and defeat . his be a waste life . then the anger that drive he explode again and he throw back the bedclothes . int . glenda's bathroom - day Carter , now dress , move slowly towards she in the bath . carter I want to give you a oscar . glenda ( laugh ) you have be watch the film . carter tell I about the girl . glenda what girl ? carter the young girl . who pull she ? glenda I do not know . carter be it Albert ? glenda should not think so . carter be it one of kinnear 's film ? glenda yeah . carter who set it up ? Eric ? glenda yeah . carter then he must have pull she . glenda expect so . carter do my brother Frank find out ? glenda you brother ? what you talk about ? Carter 's fury burst . he 's out of control . he seize glenda and plunge she under the bathwater , hold she there . carter you be a lie bitch . Carter lift she up , out of the water . she be spluttering , nearly drown . carter now tell I the truth . glenda the girl 's name be doreen . that 's all I know . carter and you do not know she last name ? glenda no. carter well , it 's Carter . that 's my name , ( pause ) and she father be my brother . and he be murder last Sunday . now get up and get dress . he push she ahead of he . ext . glenda's apartment block - day Carter manhandle glenda towards she sunbeam . he open the boot . carter get in . glenda climb in and he slam the boot shut . the car scorch away . ext . jetty . tyne ferry - day Carter park the sport car as the ferry dock . he move down the gangway towards it . int . cafe - day a girl with a baby in a pram be have a cup of tea . the door slam open . there 's Carter . carter where 's Albert ? the girl be numb with fear , unable to answer . Carter grab she by the throat . carter where 's Albert ? the girl be freeze with terror . he let go as suddenly as he grab she . carter I know where I will find he . ext . back STREET - day Carter walk fast . there 's the sound of a phone be diall . it 's the girl in the cafe . girl ( v.o. ) Eric , he 's come for Albert , ( pause ) I do not know , ( pause ) on the ferry , I reckon . Carter reach the front of a betting shop . he walk in . int . betting shop - day Carter close the door . Race result and odd be come over the tannoy . he move into the shop until he reach albert swift . Albert be make out a betting slip and do not see he . carter hello , Albert . Albert look like he 's go to be sick . albert hello , Jack , ( snivelling ) I do not know anything , Jack . carter yes , you do , Albert . talk or I will kill you . albert I know . I know . Carter see a door at the back . there 's a sign for the toilet . carter do you want to go to the toilet , Albert ? at first Albert do not understand . carter do you want to go to the toilet , Albert ? this time it click . Albert move to the door and Carter follow . ext . betting shop backyard - day Carter turn to close the door . Albert run for it . he reach the high double - gate at the end . it 's lock and he try to climb it . no luck . Carter easily pull he down . Albert face he . carter you can not get away from I , Albert . albert I know . he feel for he cigarettes but can not find they . albert for Christ 's sake , give we a fag . Carter take out he cigarettes . Albert take one . albert I do not know who doreen be . think she be just another bird . carter do Eric pake pull she ? albert yes . carter how ? albert I dunno . he 's get he way . he know Margaret . carter when do you find out ? albert a couple of week back . carter how ? albert no choice . I have a visit from somebody . carter who ? albert cliff brumby . he would see the film . he want to meet doreen . carter and you tell brumby ? Albert nod . carter who kill Frank ? Albert doesn 't answer . carter do you want to be dead , Albert ? albert last Sunday afternoon , Eric and two of he boy arrive with Frank and tell I that he 's rumble . somehow , he 's see the film and be about to shoot he mouth off . they ask I for some whisky and start force it down he throat . ( pause ) I think they would just duff he up a bit . honest . carter what do you do ? Albert ? albert nothing . what could I do ? carter do Eric know that Frank be my brother ? albert yes . I tell he . carter what do he say ? albert ' good . ' Albert draw deeply on he cigarette . they drive Frank away in a car . carter be that all there be ? Albert nod . carter then that 's it , Albert . Carter take something from he pocket . there 's a loud click . it 's a. knife . albert Jack , for Christ 's sake ... he fall to he knee . carter you know what I would do . albert ( cry ) yes , but listen . Christ , I do not kill he . Carter drive the knife into he with all he might . carter I know you do not kill he . ( and again . ) I know you do not . a ship 's horn call mournfully from the harbour . Albert lean back . blood seep from he chest . he pitch forward , twitches , and be dead . int . betting shop - day Carter come in from the back and walk calmly through to the street . a blind man be at the counter place a bet . ext . jetty - tyne ferry - day the sunbeam wait in the car park . Eric , con and Peter arrive in the land Rover and park behind it . they go down the gangplank to the float jetty . a ferry be chugge across the water . int . ferry - day Carter sit , watch the other passenger . a mother and two young child take he attention . his look be tinted with regret even remorse . ext . jetty - day as the ferry come alongside , Eric , con and Peter move up to the rail . the passenger disembark , leave Carter stand alone . he 's hold con 's handgun . Eric , con and Peter hack slowly away to the steel shelter . Peter , impatient as ever , pull a sawn - off automatic shooter from under he coat , cock it and fire . too late . Carter be already safely behind the ferry 's superstructure . Eric shout . eric no shooter . cyril say no shooter , you stupid bastard . peter get stuff . he 's reloading . con Gerald want to see he first . peter shut up . Carter be listen to all this . carter ( shouting ) be you come in ? or do we piss about all day ? Eric laugh . eric you be finish , Jack . you know that , do not you ? I have bloody finish you . carter not till I be dead , Eric . Eric laugh . eric oh , you have still get you sense of humour ? tell he how I have fix he , con . con he 's tell Gerald about you and Anna . eric do not believe we at first , do he , con ? then Peter talk to he . peter do not even say goodbye . just ask we to take you back - alive . eric he 's probably talk to she right now . be you still go to fancy she when Gerald 's finish with she face ? Carter show no emotion . or be he eye just that bit sadder ? Peter let rip again . another window be shattered . Carter duck back , allow Peter time to board the ferry . Carter catch a glimpse of Peter as he climb up the ferry 's superstructure to the roof . by the time he heave himself into position , Carter be wait . carter stay where you be , Peter . Peter be helpless , cling to the roof , unable to even raise he shooter . peter ( scream ) do not . there 's a long pause while Carter look at he , then he cold - bloodedly shoot . Peter be blow away . by the time he hit the deck , he 's dead . con and Eric panic . they run up the gangplank , safely out of range . eric Carter , you car need a wash . Eric signal to the driver in the land Rover to bump the sunbeam into the water . two hit and the task be do . glenda 's scream be lose as the river wrap itself around the sink car . Carter watch impassively . ext . brumby restaurant complex - day Carter 's hire car corner at speed into the high-rise carpark . int . restaurant - day brumby and two architect in a site meeting . plan be laid out on a table . brumby I do not want they cooking in here . you can put a hatch in that wall . interior decorator yes , it 's all a question of ... the sound of a car screeching up the ramp interrupt he . brumby who in Christ 's name be that ? it 's a bloody madman . he stride away to investigate . ext . restaurant - day brumby come out to the top tier . on the floor below , Carter , unseen by brumby , have park and be now make for the concrete spiral staircase . ext . staircase - day brumby pound down to the first level . Carter come around the corner . brumby Jack ! Carter slam he fist hard into he gut . carter you should not have show the film to Frank . brumby I have to . it be the only way I could get at they . int . back STREET post office - evening . it 's a combine shop and post office . Carter be on the phone . carter the guy on the swing - bridge ? ( pause ) ok . Carter hang up . he take a can of film from he pocket and slip it into a large envelope . at the counter two woman be talk . first woman they do not know how it happen . second woman how far do he fall ? first woman what do Betty say ... ninety floor , I think it be . second woman really . be he dead ? first woman oh , yes . the envelope be pass across to the post office assistant . it be address to vice squad , Scotland yard , London sw1 . second woman better to go quick like that . ext . swing - bridge - evening the huge steel superstructure pivot on a large man-made island in the middle of the river . on top be a structure not unlike a small lighthouse , from which a man operate the bridge . Carter climb the outside ladder . a man wait for he at the top . the man hand he a small cloth package . Carter open it . Inside be heroin and a hypodermic . he wrap it up again and hand over a envelope . the man check the money as Carter disappear down the outside ladder . int . bingo hall - night the hall be crowded . the compere call the number . the atmosphere be tense as the audience look at they card . someone call , ' bingo . ' a buzz go round the hall as everybody start talk again . Carter enter , surveying the audience . eventually , he eye alight on the person he 's be look for Margaret . she 's involved with a woman friend and do not see he . the next game start up . ext . bingo hall - night crowd of people come pour out . it 's the end of the evening 's entertainment . Margaret walk out with she friend . Carter follow they and turn up a side street . ext . step leading to back STREET - night the place be desert . Margaret and she friend descend the step . the clop of they high heel be the only sound . Carter follow discreetly . at the bottom , Margaret and she friend chat for a moment and part . Carter follow Margaret . ext . back alley - night the clop of Margaret 's shoe be hear in the distance . she appear . Carter be follow behind . he slip into another dark alley to get ahead of she . as she reach she home Carter 's arm shoot out from behind a pillar . it 's hold con 's handgun . carter I have come for you , Margaret . int . the height - sitting room - night there 's a big party go on . the music be loud . it 's mainly rich - look middle - age man and young dolly bird . different thing be obviously go on in different room in the house . Dancing in one room , blue movie in another , etc . kinnear flit from one to another . Eric paice be on the phone . he put the receiver down and cross to kinnear . eric Gerald fletcher want a word with you cyril . kinnear cross to the telephone . kinnear hello , Gerald . ext . village telephone kiosk - night Carter stand in the dimly light kiosk with Margaret . the hire car be park alongside . carter it 's Carter . listen carefully , you hairy - face git . I have get the film and enough evidence to put you away for a long time . all it take be one call to the police . int . the height - sitting room - night kinnear listen . kinnear really ? ( pause ) so ? ext . village telephone kiosk - night Carter into phone . carter I will do a simple deal with you . all I want be ... int . the height - sitting room - night kinnear be still listen to Carter . he look over at Eric , who 's fix a drink . kinnear I see . I think that can be arrange . kinnear continue listen . int . village telephone kiosk - night Carter into phone . carter ... but I do not want he there until six in the morning . ok ? ( pause ) right . Carter hang up . he push Margaret towards the car . int . the height - library - night the noise of the wild party be hear off . Eric come into the room . eric you want something , cyril ? kinnear yes , Eric . a word with you . ext . deserted wood - night headlights , through the thick tree , as Carter 's car come bounce over rough ground . int . hire car - night Carter stop in a clear and leave he headlight on . he turn to Margaret . carter get out . Carter and Margaret get out . they appear in the beam of the headlight and move further into the wood . ext . wood - night Carter and Margaret stop . carter take you clothes off . Margaret be confuse . take you clothes off . Margaret do just that : coat , blouse , skin . she go to remove she knicker . carter keep you pants on . ( pause ) lie down . again she obey . he kneel on she , pin she arm with he knee , then stuff a gag in she mouth . he take out the hypodermic , place it against she arm , and inject the heroin into she . she struggle , she eye move frantically about . she scream , but its muffle by the gag . Carter hold she down and she quickly go under . Carter remove the gag . he stand , pick she up and walk into the darkness with Margaret in he arm . int . the height - library - night kinnear be alone , speak on the telephone quietly . the party be still go on . kinnear I want you to listen very carefully . Jack Carter , ( pause ) you know what he look like ? int . HOTEL bedroom - night a bedside light be on . a man in bed be listen on the phone . man yes . he tap he cigarette against the ashtray . on he middle finger be a large ring with the initial ' J ' on it . he listen until the line go dead . the woman beside he stir . he stub out the cigarette and switch off the light . darkness . ext . the height - dawn Eric come out of the front door . Inside the party be still in progress . he get into a cadillac and drive off . ext . country road - dawn Carter be park where he can see the drive up to kinnear 's house . the cadillac appear and swing on to the road . there 's the sound of a phone be diall . carter ( v.o. ) Police . ext . the height - dawn a long line of police car move slowly up the drive , follow by a police bus . they park by the front door and around fifty policeman pour out . they move silently around the building . a chief constable open the front door and walk in . int . the height - dawn the police move through the house and grounds . in the bedroom they find group of people in bed together . the man in particular protest and be obviously concerned about be identify . the police find evidence of drug , pornography and so on . outside , police be comb the grounds . in the long grass lead down to the lake they find woman 's clothes . they follow the trail until they discover a woman float naked , face downward , in the lake . a policeman with wader go in and pull she to the side . as other heave she out , we see that it 's Margaret . ext . the height - dawn the house be surround by police measure and photograph , and outside the house be police car and ambulance . the lawn be crowded with the party crowd . in the early - morning light , they look like doll . kinnear come out of the front door with two plain-clothes officer and get in a police car . siren go , it come down the short drive to the gate . int . hire car - dawn Carter be drive along a coast road . the sea and a wide beach lie on he right . Long row of house be to he leave . the sun be still low . it 's very quiet . he arrive at a harbour and drive on until he reach the end of a vast wooden jetty run out into the estuary . it 's a coal loader for tanker . this jetty be very high , a complex of wooden stave and pillar , interwoven with step and gangway . on its top tier be a complex of railway line , signal and black coal chute . ext . coal jetty - dawn Carter park he car and pick up the shotgun and a bottle of scotch off the back seat . he get out and walk over to the jetty and along a lower gangway . at the far end , a man be stand . it 's Eric paice . Eric turn around abruptly . he see Carter and disappear up the nearest stairway . Carter follow . at the top he stop to listen , but can see and hear only the harbour water lap below . Carter look back to the coal jetty , just in time to see Eric scamper down to the level below . Eric sprint for the roadway . Carter wait and then start run directly above he . Eric keep run . Carter stay always overhead . he 's play cat and mouse with Eric . carter ( call out ) you could not win a egg and spoon race , Eric . eric ( wheeze ) sod off . paice dart down another staircase to ground level and make for the roadway . Carter stop above the roadway . below , paice make for the park car . Carter hold the gun up . Eric stop and look up . carter stay away from the car or I will blow you apart . Eric dart under the jetty . Carter run on down the step . he can see Eric scamper along the row of cottage towards the beach . Carter start after he . ext . beach - early day Eric run out on to the beach . the only sound be he foot pound the pebble and he hurtful panting . in the distance , factory chimney belch out smoke . Carter appear . for a moment he watch Eric stumbling along at the far end of the beach . he climb down to the beach and start run . ext . beach - early day Carter be gain on Eric rapidly . Eric look round and panic . he stumble and fall over . he get to he foot quickly and disappear round the headland . Carter follow . ext . beach - early day on the other side of the headland , the scene be extraordinary . the desert beach be like the edge of the world . the sand be black as far as the eye can see . it 's litter with rubbish . several old lorry be sink deep in the sand . High , grass - cover cliff flank it on the leave . it 's desert . in the distance , a continuous line of giant black bucket move , like cable - car , out to sea , before they deposit they load of coal slag and move inland again . the coal mine itself be inland , hide away behind the cliff . the sea , like the sand , be black as it crash on to the shore . Eric be half - way along the beach , struggle in the mud . Carter close on he . ext . beach - early day Eric near the line of bucket and cut inland towards the mine . Carter have nearly catch up . the bucket grind and crash as they move along the cable . Eric scramble up the narrow valley down which the coal slag travel . he be panting horribly . Carter be close on he heel . near the top , where the bucket be practically at ground level , Eric stumble and fall . he be too exhaust to get up . Carter stand over he . carter ( panting slightly ) stand up , Eric . stand up . Eric just manage it . Carter pull the bottle of scotch out of he pocket . carter I bet you could use a drink , could you , Eric ? he throw the bottle to Eric . carter eh ? have a drink . eric still get you sense of humour . Eric take the cap off and look at Carter . he 's in a terrible state . carter drink up , Eric . drink up . I want you to drink all of that . do you understand ? drink up . just like it be with my brother , Frank . go on , son . drink up . Eric pour the whisky into he month . it spill over and run down he face . carter drink up , Eric . Eric begin to stagger about . carter it be you who pour it down he . eh , Eric ? Eric take a breather and look pathetically at Carter . no mercy there . carter do you all have a good laugh , eh ? do you have a good laugh when he be spew it up ? the whisky be pour all over Eric 's face and suit . it 's disgusting to watch . suddenly , he retch , but nothing come up . carter drink it ! drink it ! do you all pass the bottle round after the car go over the top ? Eric be choke . carter do not stop , Eric . Carter lean forward and with he free hand lift the bottle up to Eric 's mouth again . in the other , he hold the shotgun . Eric choke and retch . Carter have see enough . carter Goodbye , Eric . Carter raise the butt of the gun and bring it down on Eric 's head . ext . beach - early day Eric 's body , load on to a a coal bucket , move off on it 's final journey . Carter , laugh , walk beside it , gun riding on he shoulder . the bucket shudder and grind as it move along the cable . Eric 's body move of on its final journey . it reach the end of the line , where a automatic catch tilt it . Eric 's body drop into the sea . the coal slag follow in a cloud of black dust . the wave pass over and everything be go . Carter stand for a moment , turn and walk back along the beach . he stop , look at the shotgun , and decide to get rid of it . ext . cliff top - early morning below , Carter move slowly by the edge of the sea . he raise the shotgun to throw it away . High on the clifftop a rifle and telescopic lens line up on Carter . a finger curl around the trigger . on the middle finger of the same hand be a large gold ring with the letter ' J ' engrave upon it . it be the man kinnear contact after send Eric to he death . the finger tighten on the trigger and pull it . there 's a quiet , whoosh sound . Carter drop to the ground . ext . beach - early morning Carter lie on the beach . the wave lap around he head . a small trickle of blood pour out of a hole in he temple . he 's dead . ext . cliff top - early morning kinnear 's hit man coolly dismantle he rifle . he carefully wrap it in a cloth fishing - rod carrier . he walk off and be soon lose as he drop out of sight . fade out : the end