" get shorty " by Scott Frank base on a novel by elmore Leonard black man' voice look fuckin ' cold out there . ext . vesuvio' restaurant '' miami day it be cold . people walk by hugging themselves , pull up they collar , etc . int . vesuvio' restaurant '' same time chili palmer , late thirty , sit in a booth with tommy carlo , a low level mob type . chili smoke a cigarette , stare out the window at the people on the street . tommy guy on the radio say it 's gonna get down to thirty - four . chili watch a woman on the sidewalk pause to tighten the scarf around she neck . she look in the window , see chili look out . tommy thirty -four -' that 's freezing , for Christ sake . ( then ) yo , chili , you be spacin ' . chili turn and study Tommy a moment , then ... chili they be close the granview . you know , theater down on biscayne ? tommy yeah , the guy owe momo a few G 's . chili what I be thinkin ' be maybe momo could buy it . Tommy look at he . chili momo could buy it , I could run it for he . show some cagney film . tommy what 's momo gonna want with a old place , show old movie people do not care about no more . outside of maybe turnin ' it into a porno house , I do not think he 's gonna give much of a fuck . and you already get a job . chili look back out the window again . chili yeah . we hear laughter off screen and then focus on the window so that chili can now see a group of men reflect there , sit at a table nearby . we hear more laughter and now chili turn and look over at ... ray " bone " barboni mob guy : tall , loud suit with lot of jewelry . as he get up from the table , the other man around the table follow he lead as he finish up some joke . mob guy ... so the guy say , I be not the tailor , I be the undertaker . the man laugh again , more out of respect than appreciation . Ray Bones turn , see ... chili and Tommy sit in they booth . Tommy , suck on a toothpick , wave . tommy Ray . how you do ? ray bone okay , Tommy . you ? tommy okay . Bones focus on chili , wait for acknowledgement . but chili turn back to the window . always the peacemaker , Tommy smile at Bones again ... tommy you believe this weather , Ray ? Miami Beach , for Christ 's sake . ray bone ( ignore he ) chili palmer. ( smile ) chilly outside . chili inside . it 's a regular fuckin ' chili-fest . hey , waiter -' give Mr. chili pepper a big fuckin ' bowl of chili ! again the man all laugh respectfully at Ray bone 's stupid joke . chili smile the best he can at the idiot ... chili good to see you , Ray . he turn back to the window , watch Ray Bones in the reflection , still crack up as he and he man head for the front of the restaurant . Tommy look at chili for a moment , then stand up ... tommy you do starin ' out the window , I will see you back at the office . chili nod , but still do not turn from the window . he merely watch in the glass as Tommy turn up he collar and step out into the cold Miami day . tommy Jesus . it 's freezin ' ! chili then put out the cigarette , nod to the waiter who come over with the check . int . restaurant coatroom '' a few minute later from inside the tiny room . a couple of ratty rain coat and a old flight jacket hang to one side in immediate foreground as chili step into the doorway and freeze . he look o.s. and whistle ... chili hey . a moment later the manager , a old italian guy in a black suit , join he in the doorway . chili what happen to my coat ? the manager peer into the room ... manager it 's not one of this ? chili you see a black leather jacket , fingertip length , like the one pacino wear in serpico ? you do not , you owe I three seventy - nine . manager maybe you do not see my sign ? the manager point to a sign on the wall : " we cannot be responsible for lost article " chili look , I do not come down to sunny Florida to freeze my ass . you follow I ? you get the coat back or you give I the three seventy - nine my ex - wife pay for it at Alexander 's . the manager look off screen , and begin speak in italian . chili react as we hear the name ray barboni mention a couple of time . manager explain to he how Mr. barboni borrow the coat . a waiter join chili and the manager in the doorway . chili Ray Bones take my coat ? just now ? waiter he do not take it . he borrow it . see , someone take he coat , you know ... ( indicate flight jacket ) ... leave this old one . so Mr. barboni , he put on this other coat that fit he pretty good . chili you mean my coat . waiter he be wear it , you know , to go home . he be not gonna keep it . chili my car key be in that coat . manager we call you a taxi . chili lemme get this straight . you be not responsible for any lose article like a expensive coat of mine , but you be gonna find Ray Bones ' coat or get he a new one ? be that what you be tell I ? manager Mr. barboni be a good customer . ( make sure to add ) Works for Jimmy capp . chili I know who he work for . where 's you phone . int . tommy carlo' car '' day Tommy drive . chili stare straight ahead , rub he hand together , try to stay warm ... tommy you sure it be Ray Bones take the coat ? chili that 's what the guy say . tommy ( nervous now ) tomorrow , I see on the tv weather , it 's gonna be nice and warm . you will not need the coat . chili point out the window . chili this be it . ext . victor HOTEL '' day as Tommy pull up out front . int . car '' same time Tommy look up at the hotel as chili take a pair of leather glove from top of the dash , open the door . Tommy look over at he . tommy hey , chili . ( chili pause ) get you coat , but do not piss the guy off , okay ? it could get complicated and we would have to call momo to straighten it out . then momo get piss for waste he time and we do not need that . chili do not worry about it . I will not say any more than I have to , if that . ext . stair '' day chili pull on the glove as he go up the stair to the third floor . ext . door '' day as chili knock on the door three time . he wait , pull the right -hand glove on tight , so that when ray bone open the door , chili nail he . one punch . no need to throw the leave . ray bone Jesus ... oh , God ... chili then step over he into the room and grab he coat from a chair . he look over at Ray Bones bent over , blood run from he nose and mouth , blood all over he hand , he shirt . ray bone fuck , man ... chili walk out . do not say one word to Ray Bones . ext . barber shop '' day a warmer day . the sun be shine . all be quiet . int . barber shop '' same time the place be empty except for fred and ed , the two old barber sit in the chair , read newspaper . ed you be there , have not you ? int . barber shop backroom '' same time a room Tommy and chili use as a office . chili sit at the desk make entry in the collection book . we can hear the two old barber talk off screen ... fred ( o.s. ) Paris ? yeah , I be there plenty time . it 's right offa seventy -nine . ed ( o.s. ) Hell it be . it 's on sixty-eight . seventeen mile from lexington . fred ( o.s. ) what be you talk about , Paris , kentucky , or Paris , Tennessee ? silence . no answer to the question . chili look up from the collection book , listen a moment to nothing . he open the desk drawer and pull out a .38 . he aim the gun at the open doorway ... over chily shoulder as Ray Bones , a bandage on he nose , appear in the back hall , then the doorway to the office , he face show surprise to see a gun aim at he ... Ray Bones begin fire the big colt auto in he hand , maybe before he 's ready , the gun make a awful racket , when chili pull the trigger , shoot Ray Bones along the top of he head , crease he from hairline to crown . chili calmly get to he foot . aim once more -' probably lower this time -' but do not fire as Ray Bones grab he head and stumble out of there . ray bone ( o.s. ) somebody call 9 fuck 11 . ext . miami harbor '' day Ray Bones , a bandage on he head now as well as he nose , sit on a cigarette boat with he boss , jimmy cap and two bikini clad babe , both of whom rub lotion on Jimmy . jimmy whatta you want I to do Ray ? go to war over a fuckin coat ? you be lucky the guy do not kill you . the coat be a Christmas present for Christ 's sake . ray bone you gotta do something ' , Jimmy . this man 's get no respect for we . jimmy he 's get no respect for you , and I do not gotta do shit . chili palmer do not work for I , he work for momo up in Brooklyn . so as long as momo 's around , nothing happen to chili palmer . you understand ? as a angry Ray Bones sit back , we ... fade to black : ext . brooklyn STREET '' night we tilt down to reveal a dark Brooklyn street as a black cadillac pull to a stop in front of a older building . voice momo . we be here . two big guy , bodyguard , get out of the car . one of they open the back door for a huge man , momo , who get out of the car and look up at the dark building ... momo you check this place out good ? if I be go up alone , I do not want no surprise . bodyguard I check it out , boss . int . brooklyn tenement build '' night momo eye the bodyguard -' both nervous -' then start up the step . we follow momo as he enter the building , go up the dark stairwell ... up one flight ... we be behind he the whole time ... when he get to the top floor , momo pause to catch he breath , before move on down the hall to a door . momo knock . voice yeah ? momo it 's momo . voice come in . momo slowly open the door ... when , suddenly , the apartment be flooded with light so that we see a room full of people , a banner on the back wall read " happy sixty - fifth , momo ! " everyone surprise ! silence as momo drop to he knee , gurgle something we can not understand and fall over . suddenly a dozen face be look down on we as we then ... CUT to : ext . barber shop '' day a beautiful day in Miami . chili ( v.o. ) so what be you tellin ' I , you be never gonna go to sleep again ? int . barber shop '' day chili and Tommy each sit in a barber chair , read the newspaper while Fred and Ed sit nearby play checker . tommy no , I say I be never goin ' to bed . there 's a difference . see , the article say most people die in they bed . I figure long as I stay outta bed , I be safe . chili that 's the dumbest thing I ever hear . where do you sleep ? tommy in a armchair . or I go to a coffee shop , sleep there . sit in a booth , pull my hat down . a car pull up . chili 's no longer listen to Tommy , but now watch as Ray Bones and a black guy get out of the car . tommy how many people you hear ever die in a coffee shop ? Tommy look over as Ray Bones -' smaller bandage on the top of he head -' and he man enter the shop . ray bone you cut straight hair in this place , or just fag ? chili hey , Bones , look like you be gonna have a nice scar up there . maybe this guy can fit you with a rug , cover it up for ya . Ray Bones eye chili , then nod to Fred and Ed . ray bone why do not you geezer take you game over to the park . the two guy leave as the Black guy step up to chili ... black guy this man be the man , you understand what I be say ? he 's Mr. Bones , you speak to he from now on . chili exchange a look with Tommy , watch as ' Mr. Bones ' go down the hall into the back office , then turn to the black guy ... chili you can do better and he . black guy not this day . not less you can talk Spanish . Ray Bones come out with the collection book open , look at all of the name of who owe what . ray bone you get a miss . Leo devoe . guy 's six week over . chili he die . ray bone how would you know he die , he tell you ? Ray Bones check he man to get some appreciation , but the guy 's too busy look at the hair rinse and shit on the counter . chili yeah , he tell I . ray bone personally ? chili yeah , Ray , he personally tell I he get kill in that get away Airlines ' jet go down last month . ray bone what get away jet ? chili it be in the Herald . ray bone yeah , well , maybe the guy take out flight insurance . check with the wife . chili hey , it 's you book now . you want to check it out , go ahead . he 's get a dry clean business out on Federal highway . Tommy give chili a look as the Black guy come over to chili , stand next to he . Ray Bones step over to chili ... ray bone momo 's dead . which mean anything be he now belong to Jimmy capp , include you . Tommy watch as the Black guy pick up a pair of scissors , run he hand along the edge ... ray bone which also mean when I speak , I be speakin ' for Jimmy . so e.g. as of now , you start afford I the proper respect . chili ' e.g. ' mean ' for example ' , Ray . I think what you wanna say be ' i.e . ' ray bone bullshit . e.g. be short for ' ergo ' . chili ask you man here . Ray Bones look at the Black guy . black guy best a my knowledge , e.g. mean ' for example . ' ray bone e.g. , i.e. , fuck you . the point be , I say jump , you say okay . okay ? tommy ( for chili ) yeah , Ray . okay . Ray Bones then nod to he man who grab chili , hold the point of the scissors to chili 's throat ... ray bone you owe I the dry cleaner 's fifteen grand plus the juice which be what another , uhh ... chili twenty seven hundred . ray bone exactly . you either get it from the wife or out of you own pocket , I do not give a fuck . you do not ever hand I a book with a miss in it . Ray throw the book at chili and walk out , he man right behind he . chili look over at Tommy . tommy I tell you not to -' chili do not say a fuckin ' word . ext . fay devot' backyard '' dusk where chili sit with fay devoe -' thirty , attractive , in a sundress -' on she patio . they each have a drink ... fay I hate the dry clean business . I hate be inside all day , around all that machine . chili must be hot . fay you have no idea how hot it be . she look at he . touches she drink to the side of she face . chili finish he drink , set it down . chili I be wonder , fay , if Leo have any life insurance . fay I do not know of any . they sit there in silence a moment . fay reach over , put a hand on he leg ... fay I trust you , chili . I think you be a decent type of man , even if you be a crook . chili thank you fay . she finally look at chili ... fay I wish he really be dead , the son of a bitch . ext . las vega '' night the strip . mesa casino . CUT to : close up of photograph Leo devoe . stand with fay at epcot Center . dick ( v.o. ) that 's he all right . pull back to reveal ... int . dick allen' office '' night a sign on the door read " dick allen , customer relation . " a bank of video monitor show the floor of the casino . chili sit across the desk from dick allen '' lot of jewelry , a giant neon cowgirl out the window behind he . dick call himself Larry demille . hit on every showgirl in town . would tell them he be the ' martinize King of Miami ' . what a moron . he return the snapshot to chili . dick anyway , you want this guy , he 's in l.a . we put he on a flight after he spanke one a my cocktail girl in the keno room . chili Leo spanke a waitress ? dick apparently , way it go , he invite she to come to Santa anita to play the pony with he . she tell he what to do with that and he give she one on the tush . my guess , he 's by he lonesome at the track right now . chili nod . dick hey , chil ? since you be goin ' out to L.A. anyway . chili what have you get ? dick guy owe we a hundred and fifty grand , sixty day over ; a movie producer . chili Movie producer ? yeah , why not . as Dick Allen reach for a pad of paper , we hear the SOUND of a airplane over ... ext . lax rental car lot '' night it 's raining as we tilt down from a landing airplane to a National car rental bus arrive next to a tan minivan . chili eye the car a moment , then turn to the driver . chili what be this ? attendant a oldsmobile silhouette . chili I reserve a cadillac . attendant yeah , well , this one 's the cadillac of minivan . chili you be kid I , right ? attendant hey , you want La tierra Rent -a - car just over there , but I think all they get be rabbit convertible . chili give the driver a look then get out of the bus , stand there in the rain , he seat get wet , nowhere to go . he turn and stare at the minivan ... ext . karen flore ' house '' night all the light be out , save the blue glow of a television come from one of the downstairs room ... woman' voice ( loud whisper ) Harry ? int . karen flore ' bedroom '' night as karen flore , pretty , endow , sit up in bed wear a laker T-shirt , nothing else . she look at the big shape lie under the cover beside she . karen Harry . the shape do not move . she shake it . karen Harry , God damn it , somebody 's downstairs . the shape stir , roll over , and we see harry zimm , bald , overweight ; a movie producer . he sit up . harry what 's wrong ? karen be quiet and listen . harry I do not hear anything . we hear voice downstairs . karen shhh -' there . and now laughter ... harry sound like the television . she look at he ... karen when I come upstairs , you stay to finish you drink . I tell you to turn off the tv when you be through . ( a afterthought ) come to think of it , I also tell you you could sleep in the may 's room . harry yeah , well I turn off the set . I use the remote control thing and laid it on the floor . you know what could have happen ? the dog come in and step on it , turn the tv back on . karen I do not have a dog . harry you do not ? what happen to muff ? karen Harry , be you go down , or you want I to ? he grunt , get out of bed . start look around the room for he clothes . Harry look out the window ... harry anyone skim the pool ? it need it . karen Harry -' harry I be go . int . hallway '' same time the monotone voice become louder and more distinct as Harry move down the curve staircase in he shirt and boxer short . one of the voice be familiar ... we can see this be a nice place as Harry cross the entry hall to a doorway , the flickering light of the television emit from inside the room . Harry listen at the door . yeah , it 's David letterman . int . karen' study '' same time Harry move into the glow of the big Sony , the rest of the room dark . on the tube , Dave be interview actor Martin weir when suddenly the screen go black and the desk lamp come on . Harry jump ... harry Jesus Christ ! chili lean into the light , keep he tone quiet , control . chili Harry Zimm , how you do ? I be chili palmer . Harry press a hand against he chest . harry Jesus , if I have a heart attack , I hope you know what to do . chili where you be , Harry ? Harry let he hand slide down over he belly , take he time , want to show that he have it together now . harry have we meet ? I do not recall . chili we just do . I tell you my name 's chili palmer . Harry stare back , try to figure out who this guy be . harry you be in picture , right ? chili smile . do not say anything . harry do you stop to think what if I have a heart attack ? chili you look okay to I , Harry . come over here and sit down . tell I what you be up to . Harry take one of the canvas director 's chair by the desk . he look at a bottle of dewar sit there , run a hand through he hair , think about a drink ... chili Harry , look at I . Harry bring he hand down . harry I be look at you . chili I want you to keep look right here , okay ? harry that 's what I be do . chili you know Dick Allen , Mesa 's casino ? harry Dick Allen 's a very dear friend of mine . how far you want to go with this ? chili we be there , Harry . you sign marker for a hundred and a half , you be over sixty day past due and you have not tell anybody what the problem be . Harry look at chili . harry Jesus Christ , what be you , a collector for a fuck casino ? you come in here , walk in the house in the middle of the fuck night ? I think you be a actor , audition , for Christ 's sake . chili nod , almost smile ... chili be that right ? that 's interesting . you think I be act , huh ? Harry push out of the chair , look down at chili . harry we will see about this ... Harry grab the phone , punch the ' 0 ' . harry Operator , how do I get Las Vegas information ? chili Harry , lemme give you some advice . chili lean forward , hang up the phone with he index finger , casually reach for the receiver ... chili you do not want to act like a hard - on , you be stand there in you undy . you know what I be say ? what you want to do be sit down and talk to I . Harry sit down . chili hang up the phone . chili a marker 's like a check , Harry . harry I know what a marker be . chili they do not want to deposit yours and have it bounce . that annoys they . so you dear friend Dick Allen 's be call , leave message on you machine , but you never get back to he . I happen to be in Vegas on another matter , and Dick ask I as a favor would I look you up . I follow you over here , see you in the window with this woman , look a lot like that actress Karen Flores , be in grotesque , except she 's not blond anymore ... Harry 's gaze move to the bottle of scotch on the desk ... chili you be not look at I , Harry . harry why do I have to keep look at you ? chili I want you to . harry you gonna get rough now , threaten I ? I make good by tomorrow or get my leg break ? chili come on , Harry -' mesa ? the worst they might do be get a judgment against you , uttering a bad check . I can not imagine you want that to happen , man in you position . harry fuckin ' basketball game . Harry reach for the bottle of scotch and pour himself drink . harry tell Dick Allen I will cover the marker in the next sixty day at the most . he do not like it , that 's he problem . the prick . Harry start to take another drink , look at chili , not move . harry so , you want I to call you a cab ? chili shake he head , keep stare at Harry , but with a different expression now , more thoughtful , curious . chili you make movie , huh ? harry I produce feature motion picture , no tv . you mention grotesque , that happen to be grotesque part ii that Karen Flores be in . she star in all three of my slime creature release you might have see . chili nod , lean forward on the desk . chili I think I get a idea for a movie . int . karen flore ' bedroom '' night Karen be sit up in bed , listen . we hear the muffle sound of chili and Harry talk downstairs . she get out of bed ... int . hallway '' same time chili and Harry 's conversation get louder as Karen descend the stair . she peer into the study , but they be not in there ... int . kitchen '' same time chili sit with Harry at a butcher block table , a bottle of dewar and a couple of glass now between they . chili yeah , Leo wear this little plaid hat -' Miami , middle of the summer , this guy think no one 's gonna notice he 's bald , he wear a fuckin ' hat . Harry look up past chili , smile . harry Karen ? chili turn aronud and see she stand in the doorway now , she arm fold across that chest , the laker T-shirt come down just past she crotch . harry Karen , say hello to chili palmer . chili , this be Karen Flores . chili Karen , it 's a pleasure . how you do ? karen how do you get in the house ? harry he 's tell I a idea for a movie . it 's not bad so far . ( motion with he glass ) sit down , have a drink . ( to chili ) tell Karen , let 's see what she think . karen maybe you do not hear I . chili the door from the patio , in back . karen you break in ? chili no , it be open . it be not lock . karen what if it be ? chili do not say anything , just watch she , like the way she 's handle it . harry you want to hear this idea ? it 's about a dry cleaner who scam a airline out of three hundred grand . go on , tell she . chili you just do . harry I mean , the way you tell it to I . start at the beginning , we see how the story line develop . chili look at Karen . she lean in the doorway . chili well , basically , this guy owe a shylock fifteen thousand , plus he 's a few week behind on the vig , the interest you have to pay . karen I know what a vig be . harry it 's the kind of situation , you do not pay , you get you leg break . chili or the guy think he could get them break . you have to understand the loan shark 's in business the same as anybody else . he be not in it to hurt people . he 's in it to make money . ext . leo devot' house '' day as we see chili talk to fay on the front porch . chili ( v.o. ) but the dry cleaner , we will call he Leo , he 's scared , do not know any better , so he take off –- int . karen' kitchen '' night as Harry jump in ... harry that 's Miami . he 's go to Vegas . he 's get a few buck and he 's think it 's he only chance . int . airplane '' day we see a fidgety leo devoe , a little guy in a crummy suit and a little green hat sit there in coach , look around . chili ( v.o. ) Leo get on a plane , ready to go , but the plane sit there at the gate , do not move . behind Leo sit a brat with he mom and dad . the parent be try to entertain the kid with the g.i. joe , other stuff they have bring along , but the kid spot Leo 's hat as Leo look up to listen to a announcement ... chili ( v.o. ) they announce over the PA there 's some kind of mechanical problem , they will be there maybe a hour , but keep you seat in case they get it fix sooner . Leo get really uncomfortable now ... chili ( v.o. ) the guy 's nervous , in no shape to just sit there , sweat it out . so he get off the plane ... as Leo get up from he seat , the kid knock off Leo 's little green hat , and we ... CUT to : int . miami airport cocktail lounge '' day as Leo downs a drink , look around for the waitress ... chili ( v.o. ) go in the cocktail lounge and start throw them down , one after the other . he 's motion to she for another , when we see a plane taxi past the window in the b.g ... chili ( v.o. ) when the plane pull away from the gate . int . karen' kitchen '' night as Harry interrupt . harry without he . the guy 's so out of it he do not even know it 's go . chili that 's right . as a matter of fact ... int . cocktail lounge '' day a shit -face Leo struggle to keep he head up as he watch the waitress look out the window and gasp ... chili ( v.o. ) he 's still in the lounge when a plane blow up on the runway ... we see a big fireball in the b.g. as Leo 's head hit the table . int . karen' kitchen '' night as chili light a cigarette . chili so when the guy find out it be he flight , he can not believe it . if he would stay on that plane , he would be dead . right then he know he luck have change . if everybody think he 's dead he will not have to pay back the fifteen or what he owe on the vig , four and a half a week . chili offer the pack to Karen . Karen do not move . karen the interest be four hundred and fifty dollar a week on fifteen thousand ? chili that 's right . Three percent . karen but a week . that 's a hundred and fifty percent a year . chili a hundred and fifty -six . some will charge you more and that , go as high as six for five on a short - term loan . so three a week 's not too bad . karen a real bargain . she shake she head , keep she arm fold . chili watch she , like the way she 's give it to he . harry keep go . chili well , since Leo 's name be on the passenger list ... int . airport hanger '' day as a ffa official lead fay , a black veil over she face , amongst table full of char item ... chili ( v.o. ) they bring he wife out to the airport where they be go through personal effect , whatever be not burn up . Leo 's bag be on the plane , so the wife tell them what to look for , thing only she would know about . fay react as the ffa guy point to a little GREEN hat on one of the table . she grab it , clutches it to she chest , pretend to faint . int . karen' kitchen '' night as Karen find herself listen , despite herself . chili a couple day ago by , people from the airliner come to see he wife , tell she how sorry they be and all that they plane explode and offer she a settlement , the amount base on what he would have earn operate the dry cleaner 's the rest of he life . Leo have some kind of trouble with he kidney , so they be give he about ten year . karen how much be the wife offer ? chili start to speak , but Harry cut he off . harry Three hundred grand , and they take it , money in hand , babe . the guy have he wife cash the check and he take off for Las Vegas with the dough . get there , he 's suppose to call she , tell she when to come out . but she never hear from he again . meanwhile , the guy 's hot , run the three hundred up to half a million ... chili he come to l.a ... Harry raise he hand to stop chili . he 's roll , turn to Karen now ... harry it drive the guy nut , he 's win but can not tell anybody who he be . you show in a back story he motivation , he desire to be famous , you know , pal around with celebrity , the headliner do the big room . now he 's get the dough to buy he way in , mix with celeb and he can not resist ... Harry then turn back to chili . harry so he come to l.a ... chili I do not know about he want to meet celebrity , that 's something new . but , yeah , he come to l.a . then after that , I do not know what happen . chili look at Karen . patient . not move . harry that 's it ? that 's you movie ? chili I say I have a idea , that 's all . harry that 's half a movie , with hole in it . maybe forty minute of screen time . you do not even have a girl , a female lead , and on top of that , there 's no one to sympathize with , you do not have a good guy . chili the shylock 's the good guy . harry the shylock ? he 's barely mention . and it 's not believable the wife would get a settlement that fast . karen Harry do not realize it 's a true story . they both look at she now . karen that Miami flight that go down , it be on the news every day for about a week . Harry must have be busy . harry that 's where you get the idea ? chili part of it , yeah . harry wait a minute , you be not the guy , be you ? the dry cleaner ? chili you mean , Leo ? harry you would not be talk to I if you be . chili I be not the guy , Harry . harry but you work for the casino ? chili I be out here look for Leo . I just look you up as a favor to you dear friend , Dick Allen . harry so you do not work for the casino ? karen Harry , for God 's sake ... they both look at she . karen he 's the shylock . she 's stare at chili again . Harry turn to he . harry be that right , that 's what you do for a live ? chili what I do till recently . ( look at Karen ) after I get do here I will think about what I be gonna do next . karen with you experience , you could always become a agent . right , Harry ? harry yeah , that 's what we need . more agent . karen well . I get a audition tomorrow . harry no problem . you go on off to bed . Karen look at the two of they sit there . not about to move . karen what I be say , Harry , be I want you and you new buddy to get out of my house . harry oh , yeah , sure . chili Nice meeting you , Karen . she just look at he , turn and walk out . chili watch she go . Harry watch chili , pour the last of the scotch into chili 's glass ... harry I imagine in you line of work , there be time you have to get rough , you know , say one of you customer stop pay . chili they always pay . Harry nod , think a moment , then ... harry you pack a gun ? chili not really . harry what do that mean ? chili maybe a few time I have . harry ever shot anybody . chili once . harry really ? you ever be arrest ? chili I have be pick up a couple time . loan sharking . racketeer . but I be never convict . I be clean . harry racketeer , that cover a lot of ground , do not it ? chili look at he . chili why do not you get to the point , Harry ? you want I to do something for you . ext . fay devot' house '' morning as a cadillac eldorado pull up out front and Ray Bones and he man get out , check out the neighborhood ... ray bone hi , I be Ray , a friend of chili palmer 's . int . fay devot' house '' morning fay watch as Ray Bones and he man go through she thing . ray bone have you speak to Mr. palmer since you husband ... you know , blow up ? fay maybe once or twice . ray bone ( come over ) what be it you talk about ? fay oh , nothing really ? this and that . Ray Bones hit fay devoe in the face . she drop to she knee and cry out . Ray Bones crouch down in front of she , put a hand in she hair . ray bone fay ... ( pull she head up ) fay . she look at he . afraid now , she nose be bleed . Ray Bones smile at she , stroke she hair . ray bone fay , I want we to be friend . and friend do not hit each other , 'less they have to . ( she nod ) so whatta you say we start all over and you tell I exactly what the fuck be goin ' on ? ext . sunset boulevard '' morning as we boom down from a massive billboard for the movie bonaparte star Martin weir as napoleon and begin tracking with Harry 's eight - year-old , batter mercede ... int . harry car '' same time Harry drive , all the while gesture with a light cigarette . harry this guy , my investor , they run a limo service , come to I originally , put money in a few of my picture and do okay , they be happy . so they come in on another deal -' this be back a few month ago when I be plan what would be my next picture , about this band of killer circus freak that travel around the country leave body in they wake . the character , there 's this seven - hundred - pound fat lady who have a way of seduce guy , get they in she trailer –- chili Harry , look at I . Harry look at he . chili take away he cigarette . chili you be try to tell I how you fuck up without sounding stupid , and that 's hard to do . let 's just get to where you be at , okay ? you blow the two hundred grand the limo guy give you in Vegas on a basketball game and you have not tell them about it . why not ? harry because they be not the type of guy would take it with any degree of understanding or restraint . the first thing they would do be break my leg . chili you get that on the brain , Harry . if you be so scared of them why would you take they money to Vegas to begin with ? harry because I need half a million to buy a script . chili for a movie ? harry a blockbuster . but quality . no mutant or maniac . this one 's gonna be my " driving miss Daisy " . chili what 's it call ? harry " Mr. lovejoy " . chili " Mr. lovejoy " ? that 's the title ? harry it 's not bad when you know what it 's about . Harry pull to the curb , face chili ... harry Murray saffrin , guy who write it , do all my grotesque picture , have it in a drawer for twenty year . he show it to I one day , tell I he 's get a star interested , would I produce it . chili who 's the star ? Harry point across the street to the Cafe Med where we see a red ferrari convertible park out the front . we see martin weir and a woman with jet-black hair sit at a table ... harry two time academy award nominee , Martin weir . chili Martin weir . he play the mob guy that turn snitch in " the cyclone " . harry one of he best part . chili no , he best part be the cripple gay guy that climb mt. whitney . harry " ride the Cloud " . good picture . they watch Martin and the girl a moment ... chili she look familiar . harry she 's a rock star . every day , same time , they come down here and have breakfast . he have the egg white omelet ; she have the banana pancake . he sit face west so he can see he billboard . she face east so she have a excuse to wear the shade . Harry pull out , start drive again ... harry anyway , Murray have this shrink , who also happen to be Martin 's personal trainer 's shrink . Murray give the shrink the script and the shrink give it to Martin 's trainer who read it to Martin while they work out , and Martin flip . love it . chili so what 's the problem ? harry the problem be Murray . he and a few other block screenwriter go river rafting down the kern a few week ago . Murray never make it back . chili he drow ? harry heart attack . apparently they bring a couple hooker along . chili nod , look up at a angelyne billboard ... harry doris , Murray 's widow , find out about this Martin weir thing and say since Murray and I never have any write contract , she want five hundred grand for the script . chili so you be think what if I be to put you next to my dry cleaner . ask he if he want to invest he money in a movie . harry that , or I be think what if some tragic accident be to befall the widow saffrin -' chili I be not gonna pop she , Harry . harry just a think . chili but I could talk to the limo guy . tell them to leave you alone for a while . make the point in a way they would understand it . harry you do not even know this guy . chili Harry , I probably know them better than you do . harry what do you get out of this ? chili let 's see how we get along . ext . parking lot '' day bo catlett , black , tall , put together in a tan outfit : suit , shirt , tie , lie on the hood of a black stretch limo , he back against the windshield , read Daily variety , a headline proclaim " bonaparte stand tall at the b.o . " we hear the sound of a airplane and he check he watch . he casually fold the newspaper as a 747 scream past directly overhead and we ... pull back to reveal ... lax '' day as bo catlett pound twice on the fender ... bo catlett that 's we . int . sovereign terminal '' day bo catlett walk through the terminal . we hear the arrival of the Miami flight announce over the PA as catlett stop at one of the gate . we see a plane pull into the gate through the glass as bo catlett check out the other people wait to greet the flight ... like , for example , the young dude in jeans and a wool shirt hang out . bo catlett study he a moment , then sit down in one of the chair . he look over at ... a big man , bearded , wear a loud Hawaiian shirt , and carry a three - year - old girl in he arm . the girl lick a ice-cream , spilling some on daddy 's shirt ... bo catlett look over as disembark passengers start come through the gate . as a latino man get off the plane and glance around . he look uncomfortable in the loose-fitting suit , like a migrant dress for Saturday night . the latino man lay he ticket envelope on top of the trash container near the gateway ... insert '' ticket envelope the name " y. portillo " print on the outside . the big man with the little girl pick up the ticket and walk away . as the latino man head straight for bo catlett . bo catlett do not say nothing to I . sit down and act like you be wait for somebody suppose to meet you . latino man the fock you take about ... hitting the word hard , like tony Montana in " scarface " . latino man they nobody know I here , man . give I the fock money . bo catlett sit down . now be look . man over to you right in the blue wool shirt hang out ... the other way , derecho ... bo catlett hunch over to rest he arm on he thigh , so that the latino man be now between he and the dude in the wool shirt . bo catlett that 's a federal officer , most likely dea . he move he leg look for the bulge . you savvy bulge ? that 's he backup piece ... hey . try it without look right at he if you can . the latino man , try to be cool about it , check out the dude in the wool shirt . sure enough , there 's a bulge down near the guy 's ankle . bo catlett what 's you name ? latino man ( nervous now ) yayo . portillo . bo catlett alright , yayo , you know he 's there , now forget about he . now I be gonna get up . soon as I be go , you sit down in this same seat I be in . you feel something under you ass it 's the key to a locker where you half a million be . along with some product we be return . nervous now , yayo be stare at the guy with the wool shirt . yayo you suppose to give I the fock money yourself . bo catlett get up , adjust he suit jacket , smoothing the long roll lapel . bo catlett try to be cool Yahoo . I tell you where it be . do it how I tell you and have a safe trip home . or as you all say , vaya con dios , motherfucker . bo catlett walk off , leave yayo sit there , confuse now , not quite sure what to do . close on hand holding ticket envelope the name " y. portillo " write on the jacket . pull back to reveal ... baggage claim '' day where the Big man in the Hawaiian shirt wait by the carousel . his little girl hold the ticket envelope . the man grab a case from the carousel and walk to the door . he tear the baggage claim stub from the envelope and hand it to the security guard . ext . baggage claim '' day as the Big man and the little girl walk to the black stretch park at the curb , ronnie wingate , a aging surfer in a suede jacket and run shoe , hold the door open for they . ronnie like fuck clockwork , eh bear ? bear / big man do not cuss in front of farrah . the bear hand the case to bo catlett who sit in the back of the limo ... girl hi , bo . bo catlett how you do , sweetie ? as ronnie get in back with bo catlett , the bear put he daughter in a toddler seat up front , then get behind the wheel . girl here we go ! ext . harry office '' day two storey , part of a block of white store front on sunset near La cienega . int . harry office '' day Light filter through venetian blind , illuminate a desk stack with folder , magazine , script , papers , unopen mail , hotel ashtray , a brass lamp , a clock and two telephone . harry I once ask this literary agent what type of write bring the most money and the agent say , ' ransom note . ' chili stand look over some of the old photograph as Harry go through the mess on the desk . there be some of Karen , Harry with a much young , blonde Karen . Harry with giant bug , Harry shaking hand with mutant and maniac , and so on . harry here it be ... " Mr. lovejoy " . Harry hand a script to chili . chili examine the cover , the first time he 's ever hold a movie script . he open it to the middle ... chili lovejoy sit behind the wheel , watch the bar across the street , get he video camera ready for action ... ( look up ) what 's he do ? follow a guy ? harry read it . it 's a grabber . chili look out the window as we see a long black stretch limo pull up to the curb down on the street ... chili hey , Harry ? I think you investor be here . ext . harry office '' same time as the bear open the door for bo catlett and ronnie ... int . harry office '' same time as Harry move away from the window . harry Jesus ... chili toss the script on the desk , move between a pair of fat red leather chair . chili all right , Harry , make sure the limo guy sit here , not over on the sofa . Harry be tug the string to lower the blind behind the desk . chili no leave them up , we want the light in they eye . I will be at the desk ... but do not introduce I , let it go , just start talk . you be gonna be here , behind them when they sit down . harry they will be look at you . they do not know who you be . chili that 's right , they be wonder , who 's this guy ? you do not tell them . understand , Harry ? do not tell them who I be . Harry glance off as we hear ronnie singing down the hall . ronnie ( o.s. ) in the year 2525 ... if man be still alive ... harry so what do I say to they ? chili you do not say any more and you have to . you say , ' well , I be glad you asshole stop by , so I can set you straight . ' harry you be kid , right ? ronnie ( o.s. ) if woman can survive ... chili you tell them the movie 's be postpone . say , till next year , if you want . but do not tell them why or what you be do . understand , Harry ? you do not tell them anything about Mr. lovejoy . and the door open . chili sit behind the desk , watch the two of they come into the office . ronnie sing ... ronnie they may find ... he look about the office ... at the old photograph ... ronnie Harry , what year be it , man ? we enter a time warp ? I feel like I be back in Hollywood of yesteryear . Harry wave they right into the two crack red leather chair face the desk . chili watch as catlett come first . sitting down , he nod to chili who ignore he . harry have a seat ... right over here ... ronnie sit down in the chair and hook one leg over the arm , swing it up and down , he motor run on some chemical . he too stare at chili . harry this be my associate , chili palmer , who will be work with I . Harry already forget he instruction . chili can not believe it . the limo guy nod to chili and chili nod back , try to catch Harry 's eye . harry I want to make sure there 's no misunderstanding here . despite rumor you might have hear , you investment in freak be as sound as the day you sign you participation agreement . ronnie have he face raise to the ceiling . ronnie I can hear you , but where the fuck be you , man ? bo catlett ( look at chili ) what I be wonder be where 's he be . ronnie yeah , where have you be ? we have not hear from you lately . Harry come around to stand at one side of the desk , he back to the window ... harry I have be off scout location . interviewing actor in New York . chili 's gaze move from ronnie the fool to bo catlett the dude , the man compose , elbow on the chair arm , he hand steeple in front of he . harry the main thing I want to tell you , the start date for freak be be push back a little , a few month . ronnie stop bounce he leg . ronnie a few month ? harry maybe longer . we need prep time . ronnie hey , Harry ? bullshit . we have a agreement with you , man . harry we be gonna make the picture . I have just get another project to do first , that 's all . one I promise this guy year ago . chili shake he head , he can not believe he 's hearing this . ronnie sit up straight . ronnie I want to see you book , Harry . show I where it be , a two with five zeroe after it in black and white , man . I want to see you book and you bank statement . chili hey , ronnie ? look at I . boom . ronnie look over . so do bo catlett for that matter . chili you have a piece of a movie , that 's all . you do not have a piece of Harry . he tell you we be do another movie first . and that 's the way it 's gonna be . ronnie Excuse I . but who the fuck be you ? chili I be the one tell you how it be . that 's not too hard to figure out , be it ? ronnie turn to bo catlett , the man not have move or change he expression the last few minute . ronnie cat ? bo catlett take he time , give it some think . he look at Harry ... bo catlett what 's this movie you be do first ? chili Harry , let I answer that . catlett look at chili again . chili but first I want to know who I be talk to . be I talk to you , or be I talk to he ? bo catlett ( beat , smile ) you can talk to I . chili that 's what I think . so let I put it this way ... now it 's between they . the guy study chili , think about whether or not to make a move , when Harry step in , reach over the desk and pick up a script ... harry this be the project , " Mr. lovejoy " . I be not try to pull anything on you guy . this be it , right here . chili look at Harry , wonder if there 's a way to shut he up without punch he in the mouth . ronnie " Mr. loveboy " ? what be it , Harry , a porno flick ? he reach for the script . Harry back away , hold the script to he chest . bo catlett notice this . harry it 's nothing . it 's fluff . nothing you would be interested in . bo catlett eye he a beat , then push out of he chair ... bo catlett Harry , you think we go to see you movie ? I have see better film on tooth . make no difference to I which one we money 's in . so how ' bout you take we twenty point out of " freak " and put them in this other one , " Mr. loverboy " . harry I can not do it . bo catlett you positive about that ? harry it 's a different kind of deal . bo catlett nod , get up . bo catlett okay . then be good enough to hand we we money back , or you think about we come in on this new one . ronnie by Friday , man , or you be fuckin ' dead as disco . ronnie open he coat so that Harry can see a gun tuck in he belt ... ronnie you hear I ? bo catlett give ronnie a look . bo catlett take you time , Harry . ( close ronnie 's jacket ) we be not animal . be we , ronnie ? bo catlett glance once more at chili then follow ronnie out the door . Harry stare at the door a moment , sense chili stare at he ... harry what ? chili I do not know , maybe I be not clear . but I think ... I tell you to keep you mouth shut . harry I have to tell them something . chili never say anything unless you have to . chili shake he head as Harry sit down in one of the chair , fumble for he cigarettes . chili you tell I you want this guy off you back . next thing I know , you be say yeah , maybe they can have a piece of Mr. lovejoy . I could not believe my fuckin ' ear . harry I say I would think about it . what do that mean ? in this town , nothing . chili that 's the difference between you and I , Harry . I say what I mean . I want something from someone , I ask them straight out . I want Martin weir , I go get Martin weir . I do not fuck around with he trainer 's shrink . harry his shrink 's trainer . chili look at Harry . chili take I back to my car . ext . lax '' day as a plane touch down on the runway ... int . sovereign terminal '' same time yayo , now soak with sweat , be still here . he stand watch a row of locker . he stare at one of they ... close on locker the number C - 18 . we push in ... yayo start to move for it ... then look off at ... man in a suit as we quickly tilt down to the guy 's ankle , look like a bulge there . we then ... whip pan to ... a woman dress casually in slack and a blouse . we tilt down to she ankle , hmmm , be that a bulge ? we ... whip pan to ... a tennis shoe tapping to some unheard rhythm and what look like a bulge near the ankle . we tilt up this time to reveal a little kid , listen to a walkman . yayo obviously lose it now , rub he eye and quickly walk off to a row of payphone ... ext . karen flore ' house '' day chili 's minivan be park outfront . tommy ( v.o. ) where you be ? I be callin ' all over for you ... int . karen' house '' the study '' same time chili sit at the desk on the phone . tommy ( phone ) Ray Bones be look for you . he 's get some kinda bug up he ass , can not sit still . int . barber shop '' day Tommy on the phone . tommy I hate to say I tell you , but I do . I tell you do not start nothing with he that time . intercutting tommy & chili chili you say do not say nothing and I do not . tommy no , you just break he fuckin ' nose instead . chili you gonna start that again ? you be just like he , all you get room for in you brain be one fuckin' thing . tommy all I know be he come by the barber shop , all fuckin ' undone , want to know where you be stay in Vegas . I tell he I do not know . I still do not . chili how would he know I be in Vegas ? you tell he ? tommy he already know it . chili yeah , well , I be in L.A. now . tommy whatta you do out there ? chili I be go into the movie business . tommy what be you talk about ? you wanna be a movie star ? chili I be think about produce . tommy how you gonna do that ? you do not know shit about make movie . chili I do not think the producer have to do much , outside of maybe know a writer . tommy hey , chil ? I think you be fulla shit . int . karen' entry way '' same time as Karen , dress as a b-movie queen , press kit under one arm , step inside , freeze as she hear ... chili ( o.s. ) ... call I soon as you know when Ray 's come out . int . study '' same time chili be scribbling something on a piece of paper as Karen come into the room . chili look up at she as he hang up , smile at she . chili hey ... Karen . how ya ' doin ' ? karen what be you do here ? chili I want to come by , apologize for come into you house like I do last night . karen lemme get this straight , you break in again to apologize for break in before ? chili no , no ... you leave the patio door open . you gotta stop doin ' that , all the nice thing you get around here . karen yeah , well make sure you lock it on the way out . chili Rough day on the set ? karen I spend all day crawl out of a grave . the customer keep bitching ' cause I be rip my nylon –- chili ripped nylon work . make the shot more real . karen ( regard he ) ... that 's what we finally decide . chili like in " bride of the mutant " , when you play the whole end with that tear top . she look at he . karen you see that one ? chili yeah . when you turn to the camera to tell the alien mother that she time on earth be finish ... when you give we all that look , Joan Crawford wish on she best day she have that much presence . not even in " mild pierce " -' which by the way be a better book than a movie -' do Crawford even touch the intensity you have in that look . karen ( beat ) yeah ... that be a good scene . I mean , for a horror movie . chili for any movie . karen I know I be better than what I have be do the last ten year , walk around in a tank top and fuck - I pump , wait till it 's time to scream . chili man , can you scream . karen yeah . it 's a real gift . ( beat ) I be just say it would be nice , one time in my career to get the chance to say one great line . you know , like in that bette Davis picture , " cabin in the ... " chili " cotton " . karen yeah , you know when bette come up to the guy on the porch , give he a flirty look and say , ' I would kiss you , but ... ' chili / karen ' I just wash my hair . ' karen yeah . chili that be a great line . chili look at she . chili how come you stop make movie with Harry ? karen I marry Martin . that be a full - time job . chili you read Harry 's new one ? he say it 's the best thing he 's ever read . karen he must mean after " slime creature 3 " . chili that why Harry come over last night ? see if you could help he get Martin in he movie ? karen Harry 's dream of a forty - million - dollar production he will never get off the ground with a star he will never sign . with or without my help . chili Harry tell I Martin love it , he flip . karen yeah , well Martin be know for he flipping . he flip over a script , and when the time come to make a deal , he flip out . chili tell you what , I will stop by Harry 's office and pick up a copy for you . karen do not go out of you way . they consider each other a moment ... until chili finally check he watch . chili well , I gotta have a talk with Leo , my runaway dry cleaner . karen right . see how you story end . chili yeah . right. ( then ) listen , " touch of evil " 's play near my hotel . you wanna go check it out ? watch charlton heston play a mexican ? Karen look catch , do not answer right away . chili maybe some other time . he turn to go , then turn back to she ... chili ' he try to make love to I and I shot he . ' ( then ) another great bette Davis line . Karen look at he . surprise . he smile at she . chili see you around . ext . beverly hill HOTEL '' night Leo devoe , dress in a sporty plaid ensemble , complete with little match hat get out of a cab , and walk to the front entrance . he tip the doorman , give he a grin . doorman even , sir . leo and a good evening to you , too , sir . int . HOTEL hallway '' night as Leo the high -roll dry cleaner bounce down the hall , unlock he door ... int . leo' HOTEL room '' night Dark . Leo enter , head for the bottle of chiva on the desk . have one straight out of the bottle , ahhh , before pull a fat wad of cash out of he jacket , toss it on the desk like it 's change from the cab fare . he then take off the jacket , unbutton the shirt , reach for the chiva again , when we hear ... chili ( o. S. ) look at I , Leo . crash . something glass hit the floor . probably the chiva bottle as Leo nearly have a fuck coronary ... Leo look over as chili turn on the light behind he . but what catch Leo 's eye be the briefcase sit on the couch beside chili . chili I would not think you be that dumb , leave over three hundred grand in the closet , underneath the extra blanket , but I guess you be . leo I do not know where else to keep it . ( then ) where would you ? chili you be here a while , what 's wrong with a bank ? leo they report it to the IRS . chili you do not open a account , Leo , you put it in a safe deposit box . dip in whenever you want . Leo nod in he sporty hat and undershirt , think it over , what to do the next time he scam a airline . chili you have be lose . leo I be up twelve grand today . chili from when ? you leave Vegas with four - fifty ? leo who tell you that ? chili now you be down to three - ten in the case . you must have cool off quite a bit since you get here . leo how would you know I be here ? chili here 's another tip ... Leo look away , raise he preshape plaid hat and recock it , then ... leo it be fay , be not it , tell you about the money . she tell you my whole life history , for Christ 's sake ? chili I would not let she if she try . why I be here , Leo , basically , be to save you ass . leo how ? by take my money ? chili you can keep what you win today . that 's yours . leo it 's all mine . chili sit down , Leo . Leo sit down in the arm chair , stare sadly at the briefcase . chili I do not know how you get this far , you be so fuckin ' dumb . but now you be through . I be gonna explain to you why and I hope you be not too dumb to understand what I be say . okay ? Leo nod . chili Ray Bones be now the man you be deal with . Ray Bones find out what you do , he 's gonna want everything you have . and when I say everything , I mean even that sporty little hat if he want it . then after he take all you get , he will most likely hit you with some kind of heavy object if he do not shoot you , just so you will not tell on he . chili let that sink in a minute . chili I will not do that . take you stuff or hurt you . you have three - ten in the case , right ? I be gonna take the three hundred you scamm off the airline , but the rest of it , the ten grand ? I be gonna borrow that and pay you back sometime . Leo 's squinting at he now ... leo you take all my money , but you be borrow part of it ? chili at eighteen percent , okay ? and do not ask I no more fuckin ' question . I be leave . he pick up the briefrase as he rise from the sofa and Leo get out of he chair . leo but you will not know where I be . I do not even know where I will be . chili I will find you , Leo ... chili reach for the door , open it and look back at Leo ... chili you leave a trail like a fuckin ' caterpillar . int . hallway '' same time as chili start for the elevator . Leo step into he doorway ... leo wait a minute . what 's this eighteen - percent - a- year shit ? you want to borrow ten , the vig 's three bill a week . Fifteen for the vig plus the ten , that 's twenty - five big one you go a whole year , buddy ! you hear I ? chili stop , turn around . as he start back , he see Leo 's scared look just before he slam the door shut . chili shake he head , start back for the elevator . ext . griffith park '' night chili drive a dark road up into the park . he round a corner , and we see a explosion of light up ahead as we come upon ... a movie set chili pull in behind a row of trailer . he get out of the car and head for the set where Harry be now look up at the sky and yell at someone ... harry how 's anyone gonna see anything from way up there ? chili hey , Harry . harry yeah , chili . hi. ( look up ) you be fifty foot in the air ! the director -' early twenty , dress like a frat boy -' sit on a crane about fifty foot above the set ... director Harry . I be gonna boom down real fast , get a subjective p-o-v . chili listen , I talk to Karen . she 's gonna think about help you out . harry yeah , but whose point of view ? director whatta you mean , whose point of view ; the audience 's point of view . harry get down here . I wanna talk to you . come on ... right now ... ( to chili ) she 's gonna talk to Martin ? chili she 's think about it . I just need the key to you office . I just tell she I would pick up a script . Harry toss chili a key-re . harry it 's the red one . take it off the ring . chili sit down in one of the director 's chair that sit off to one side . he start to take the key off the ring ... voice you name vicky vespa ? chili look up at a bored - look actress stand there in a blood-soaked nightie . chili Excuse I ? actress I ask you , be you name vicky vespa ? chili no . actress then get the fuck outta my chair . chili sit forward , see she name print on the back . he get up . as she sit down , we see a ice pick stick out the other side of she head . chili sit back down next to she in the chair with harry zimm on the back . harry ( to the director ) what be you do ? I think I tell you to get down here ? the kid nod to the camera operator who lower the crane as we boom way up ... harry all this camera move and weird angle and shit be gonna distance we from the emotion of the scene . director what ' emotion ' ? girl just get stab in the ear with a ice pick . harry she 's scared ! fear be a emotion ! ( then ) look , kid , if you remember anything from you time work with Harry Zimm , let it be the three key word to filmmake . the kid fiddle with the crane control . director yeah ? what three word , Harry ? harry pick and ' save . director hm ? harry you hear I , pick and ' save . Harry turn so the rest of the crew can hear he ... harry now I be gonna tell you a little story , happen to I year ago when I be so break I have to go to the pick and ' save over on vine to buy a lousy candybar for my dinner . chili watch the crew stop what they be do and listen . harry I be stand in line wait to pay my two bit when I overhear this lady , call she mild , talk to the cashier about a movie . the director give a look to he assistant like ' Jesus , you believe this shit ? ' harry so mild say to the cashier , ' I see the new streisand picture . ' ( get into it the way mild do ) ' God , I just love it at the end when she brush Robert redford 's hair off he forehead the way she do when they be together , and the way they give each other this look that say they still love each other , but know they could not be together . that look be so ... romantic . ' director that 's great , Harry . so what 's the -- harry what she do not say be , ' I just love the way the director move the camera so much it make I fuckin ' seasick . ' all she care about be that look . all she remember be that look . and why do we remember thing in movie ? because we can see they . Harry 's right in the guy 's face now ... harry so ... keep this fuckin ' camera down here on the ground and shoot this scene , so we can see what the fuck be goin ' on , before I get someone over sixteen to fuckin ' shoot it for you ! Harry walk over to chili , see chili sit there . chili toss Harry he key ring . chili here 's you key , Harry . harry get the fuck outta my chair . ext . harry Zimm' office '' night as chili pull out front , get out of the minivan , he look up , see a light on in Harry 's office . int . corridor '' night chili walk down the hallway , dark except for a light on at the end of the hall ... int . harry office '' night bo catlett , read glass , script open in front of he , look up from Harry 's desk as chili step into the office . bo catlett this be not bad , you know it ? this Mr. lovejoy . need a better end but yeah , I can see why Harry want to do it . chili say nothing , sit down in one of the red leather chair . bo catlett you understand I know Harry be lie , say this be not any good , but hold on to it , man , like you have to break he finger to get it from he . chili that 's funny , I be just wonder what I be gonna break of yours to get it away from you . bo catlett smile at he , do not give up the script . bo catlett I be just explain to you what I be do here . case you think I come to rob the place , rip off any of this dusty old shit the man have . chili I would never make you as a burglar , not in that outfit . bo catlett sit back in the chair a moment , watch chili light a cigarette ... bo catlett Harry call you he associate , but what do that mean ? I never hear you name or read it in variety or the reporter or anyplace . chili it 's what he say , I be he associate . bo catlett you must bring something heavy to the deal . chili that 's right , I . bo catlett pick up a piece of paper off the desk ... bo catlett say here you be get Martin weir for the part of lovejoy . chili yeah , we be get Martin . bo catlett no shit , come on . how you gonna do that ? chili I put a gun right here ... ( touch the side of he head ) ... and I tell he , ' sign the paper marty or you fuckin ' dead . ' like that . bo catlett I wonder , would that work ? ( then ) you know who I see for Al roxy ? harvey keitel . the man could do it in he sleep . chili harvey keitel . yeah . maybe . he be pretty good in the movie " finger " . bo catlett I miss that one . or , hey , you know who else ? Morgan Freeman . you know Morgan ? chili yeah , Morgan Freeman . but he 's a color guy . bo catlett so what ? where 's it say in this script he 's white ? Color be what the part need , man , somebody to do it have some style . the way it be now , ronnie could do it , play himself , some crack out asshole . ( then ) so whatta you think of the script ? bo watch as chili pick up a copy of the script , begin flipping through it . chili title 's the first thing 's get to go . and the guy 's name . I mean , even this writer 's name , Murray saffrin be better than " lovejoy " . bo catlett I be with you on that . and do not you think it need a good female part ? increase the romance angle . chili flip through the script , see a name ... chili there 's ilona . bo catlett what about she ? chili get something go there . bo catlett with ilona ? you know how old ilona be ? chili she 's ... young . bo catlett Young ? she 's fuckin ' nine - year - old , same age as lovejoy 's kid . bernie . one she call Bernard . have you read the script ? chili yeah , I read it . I be just think you could make she older . we might even be able to get Karen Flores . bo catlett who ? chili she 's be out of movie a few year , but she 's good . Real good . bo catlett study chili a moment , smile ... bo catlett you know what I be thinkin ' ? ( lean forward ) you wanna make the girl older . I do not like the end . we could do that , you and I , sit down and write the script over where it need it . chili flip through the script a moment ... chili you know how to write one of this ? bo catlett there 's nothin ' to know . you have a idea , you write down what you wanna say . then you get somebody to add in the commas and shit where they belong , if you be not positive yourself . maybe fix up the spelling where you have some tricky word ... although I have see script where I know word be not spell right and there be hardly any commas in it at all . so I do not think it 's too important . anyway , you come to the last page you write in ' fade out ' and that 's the end , you be do . chili that 's all there be to it , huh ? bo catlett that 's all . chili sit forward , stab out he cigarette , exhales into bo catlett 's face ... chili then what do I need you for ? bo catlett start for the door . bo catlett I really think I can be of service on this one . chili yeah , well , we need a ride somewhere , we will let you know . ext . nuart theater '' night as Karen walk up to the box office . a touch of evil on the marquis . int . movie theater '' night not so full . chili sit in the middle , watch the final scene as Orson Welles get blow away , fall into the oily river . he can not take he eye off the screen ... Karen come in , start up the aisle , look for chili . she spot he , just as he mouth the dialogue along with marlene Dietrich ... marlene dietrich ( o.s. ) he be some kind of man . Karen smile , decide to wait a moment . chili , lose in the movie ... keep mouth the dialogue . marlene dietrich ( o.s. ) what do it matter what you say about people ? mort mill ( o.s. ) good-bye , Tanya . marlene dietrich adios . as Tanya / marlene Dietrich resume she slow walk away , Karen sit down at the end of the row . people start get up to leave . chili turn to a guy a few seat away from he ... chili wow , huh ? the guy give chili a look , put he arm around he date , and quickly start up the aisle so that chili can now see Karen sit there at the end of the row ... chili you be here the whole time ? karen I just catch the end . she get up , they start up the aisle together ... chili you know , Welles do not even wanna do that one . some studio make he do it . he owed them one and all he own movie lose money . ( walk out now ) but , hey , sometimes that 's when you do you best work , you get a gun to you head ... ext . nuart '' night as Karen and chili exit the theater , stand there a moment . chili I get you a copy of the script . karen I already read it . Harry leave a copy at the house . chili what do you think ? she start walk . karen I think it 's not horrible . chili I do not like the title . or the main guy 's name . karen then you have read it ? chili not yet . karen you and Harry will make a great team . ( then ) I be gonna make a deal with he . chili there a part in it for you ? karen I do not want to act in it , I want to produce it with Harry . especially if I help he get Martin . chili sound fair . karen what do you get out of it ? he stop , look at she . chili that why you come over here , to ask I that ? karen I want to know . chili why do anyone want to be in movie ? karen yesterday , you be a loan shark . he start walk again ... chili I be never much into it . all that bullshit have to do with respect . it 's bad enough have to treat that guy like they be you heroes , have to smile when they make some stupid remark they think 's real funny . karen and you think the movie business be any different ? chili yeah well ... I like movie . I figure if I help Harry make one , I will find out what you have to do outside of have a idea and raise the money . that do not sound too hard . I be in the money business and I get idea all the time . they stop at she car . karen I be talk to Martin tomorrow morning . I tell Harry I would meet you and he at abiquiu afterward . ( open she door ) this might work , you never know . he stand there , watch she drive away . ext . harry apartment build '' night just above Franklin in the Hollywood Hills . a realtor might call it chandleresque . we call it old and cheap . int . harry apartment '' night continue on the old and cheap theme . Harry stand behind the wet bar pour himself a strong one . he look at himself in the smoke-tint mirror square , downs the drink in one and pour himself another . a knock at the door . Harry look at the door . harry who be it ? woman' voice me. harry ( lower ) fuck . woman' voice I hear that . Harry move to the door and open it to reveal doris saffrin -- fiftyish , fur coat , hair up so that we can see the nifty necklace . she lean in the doorway ... harry hello , doris . doris Harry Zimm . you look like a wet kiss . and she plant one on he . walk into the apartment . look good for she age . Hell , for any age . doris well , be not you gonna offer I whatever it be you taste like ? harry come on in . doris go to the window . Harry go to the bar , pour they each a drink ... doris what a spectacular view . harry yeah , lovely . last night I watch two guy carjack a camaro down on the corner of argyle there . ( hand she the drink ) what do you want , doris ? she drink , never take she eye off he . doris I miss Murray , Harry . harry yeah , I too . he be a helluva good writer . and I would know . I discover he . make he what he be . doris what he be , be a hack , could not get a job write for anybody but you . ( off Harry ) I be be honest . he be a lousy writer , but he be a good husband . I just do not know it until too late . Harry finish he drink , pour himself another ... harry yeah , well , twenty - twenty hindsight and all that . Harry take a big , noisy pull off he drink as she move to the bar ... doris I hate be alone . the house be so quiet . so lonely . it need ... ( study he ) a man 's touch . and with that , she open up the fur coat to reveal that she 's wear nothing but a garter belt and high heel . harry Nice garter . she set she drink down , move in , wrap she arm around he neck ... harry I be not sure how I feel about this , doris . doris ( reach down ) you seem to feel fine about it . harry I mean morally . Murray be my friend . doris Murray 's dead . she kiss he ... Harry pull back ... harry so this mean you have reconsider we deal on Mr. lovejoy ? doris no . but now that you mention it , I do talk to a handsome executive at paramount the other day ... who just happen to get he hand on the script . harry yeah , what would he have to say ? doris he say if Martin 's interested , I could get a half a million for it easy . but do not worry , Harry , I be still give you until Friday . harry how honorable of you . now she back away , give he a hurt look . doris Harry . if you want I to go , just say the word . Harry look at she a moment , decide ... harry what the hell ... ... and pull she as close as we then ... dissolve to : ext . hollywood hill home '' night we hear laughter , rock and roll as a nude woman dive into a bluelit swim pool and swim the length ... we then tilt up to a house on stilt above this one and see the lone figure of bo catlett stand on he deck . ext . bo catlett house '' night the shimmer yellow grid of the city in the background , bo catlett , barefoot , bathrobe , lean on the rail of he deck , watch the folk frolic twelve storey down . yayo ( v.o. ) listen to I , man , I do not want ' no fock key . I want ' the money . ext . bo catlett deck '' night bo catlett look inside where yayo pace back and forth . the bear recline on a chaise lounge . bo catlett hey , yayo ? you gonna smoke , get the hell off my seventy - buck - a- yard carpet . yayo step out on to the deck ... bo catlett I tell you where the money be . all you gotta do be go get it . yayo no . I will tell you something ... bo catlett that 's all you know , huh ? wait here a minute , yayo , I be back directly . yayo lean against the railing , cut a ' now that 's the way you get thing do ' look at the bear . he light a cigarette , look off screen and freeze ... yayo the fock you do with that ? bo catlett hold a big .45 out in front of he ... bo catlett I be take you out , Yahoo . ... and shoot yayo in the chest , the gun go off loud , the round knock the little Latin man back against the railing . bo catlett Dead fock center , man . yayo , a stupid look on he face , stumble backwards , over the railing . the bear reach for he , but it 's too late ... ext . house down below '' same time the group down here be too stone to notice the little colombian who fall from the deck high above like a sack of dirt , then slide partway down the slope . ext . bo catlett deck '' same time the bear look over at bo catlett ... who now calmly stare down at the motionless form of yayo . bo catlett shit , now someone 's gotta climb down there and get he . bear you do not have to shoot he , bo . we coulda just beat he up some . bo catlett you see that ? the way the man just go right over ? bo catlett take a sip of he drink , look at the railing . bo catlett maybe we can get chili palmer up here . you fix my railing to give way like they do in the movie . then I invite the man out here , have a look at my view . get he to lean over the railing , see all the naked people down there ... a tragic accident , officer ... bear look at he . bear cat , that 's the lamest idea I have ever hear . bo catlett yeah , well , I be bored , bear . I wanna make movie . bear look at he . bo catlett I mean , what 's the point of live in L.A. if you be not in the movie business ? bo catlett lean on the railing , look down at yayo again . bo catlett and I mean high up in it . ( turn to bear ) that 's why Harry 's gonna make Mr. lovejoy with I , not chili palmer . bear Mr. lovejoy ? that 's cute , bo. bo catlett do not matter what it 's call , Harry 's get Martin weir and it 's gonna be big . bear they all sound big at the talk stage . ext . martin weir be house '' morning Karen pull into the driveway in a convertible BMW . as she check she make - up in the rearview mirror , we see chili pull up behind she in he rent minivan . she turn around , frown , and quickly get out of she car . he get out of the van ... hold up a Star map ... chili this thing 's actually accurate . I buy it for ten buck from a kid in a lawn chair on sunset ... karen you be suppose to wait for I with Harry at the restaurant . chili point to a star on the map ... chili see , here it be ... Martin weir 's house ... right across the steet from George Hamilton . voice chili , Jesus ! they both look to the front door where a tall , skinny woman with wild , jet black hair stand . woman it be you ... she come bound down the step , run over and give he a hug ... Karen can not believe what she see . chili Nicole ? woman it 's Nicki now . I do not believe this . chili I neither . ( to Karen ) we know each other . Karen smile : ' how ' bout that . ' then look at Nicki . karen hello , Nicki . nicki Karen . shit . I do not see you there . how be you ? Karen start to answer , but Nicki 's already hustling chili inside ... int . martin weir be house '' day White everything . Way off in the background , a view on to the huge backyard . a pool man clean the pool . a gardener blow the leave . Martin 's extensive photography collection line the wall . chili step inside , check some of they out : most of the photograph be of Martin . nicki Martin will be out in a minute . ( to Karen ) chili be the only one at momo 's do not hit on I . karen what a gentleman . nicki you like my hair ? ( reach up , touch it ) Black like this ? chili it 's nice . especially under you arm . somehow this make Karen feel better . nicki Martin will not let I shave . I guess I fill some need . bring he back to the sixty or something . Karen turn as we hear a toilet flush somewhere off screen . nicki ( look off screen ) speak of the devil ... chili follow she gaze and we see ... martin as he come down the stair , check the front of he trousers . he and Karen spot each other . both look uncomfortable for a fraction of a second , then Martin hurry over to she ... martin Karen . wow. look at you ... karen hello , Martin . he hug she and hang on , leave Nicki and chili stand there like idiot . martin mmmmm . you smell terrific . ( to Nicki ) she always smell so good . nicki ( thrilled ) neat. ( then ) Martin , this be chili palmer . martin chili be it ? chili yesh , a pleasure , Martin . nicki chili 's a gangster . ran a club I use to play at for another gangster back in Miami . how be momo this day anyway ? chili Dead . Karen fight a smile . Nicki nod solemnly ... nicki bummer . ( then ) well , I will let you all get to you movie talk . chili , make sure you say good - bye before you leave . CUT to : portrait of martin weir done in crack oil , the whole bit . pull back to reveal ... martin' live room Martin , Karen and chili all sit on white couch . Martin be check out Karen , nodd ... martin I be sit here , I be look at you and I be have this flash . you know , flashback , of memory . ( touch she hair ) of we . karen really . martin yeah and I be wonder , how do it go wrong ? how do it all ... slip away ? karen ' it ' do not slip away , Martin , you do ... when you go off to fuck Nicki in the middle of my birthday party . Martin bring he hand back , nod , lose in think ... martin yeah . that be a good party . chili you know , marty , you be good in the cyclone . martin Martin . it be a beautiful role . all I have to do be find the character 's center , the stem I would use to wind he up and he would play , man , he would play . Karen look like she want to throw up . chili well , you have it down cold . watch you in the movie , if I do not know better I would have to believe you be a make guy and not act . even the fink part . I never meet a fink and I hope to God I never do , but how you do it must be the way fink act . martin a few week before shoot , I go back to bensonhurst , just to listen to you guy . see , I be italian , but I grow up in tarzana . so I want to pick up you rhythm of speech . chili we talk different ? martin it 's more like you attitude . you tone , you speech pattern demonstrate a certain confidence in yourselves , in you opinion , you indifference to conventional view . chili you mean like we do not give a shit . martin yeah . kinda . anyway , once I have the authentic sound of speech , the rhythm , man , the patois , I can actually begin to think the way that guy do , get inside they head . chili exchange a look with Karen who sit back now . ready to give up . chili okay , I be one of that guy you mention . I be actually one of them . what be I think ? Martin look at chili ... martin do not get I wrong , I be not say a actual metamorphosis take place . that would not be act . Karen look at Martin , shake she head . chili so you do not know what I be think . martin no , I do not . though I have to say I be curious . chili so you want to know . martin if you would like to tell I , yeah . chili I be think of a movie . martin one of mine ? chili one we be produce . martin with what ? wiseguy money ? Martin crack himself up . Karen and chili crack up with he , Karen lean into chili ... karen maybe this be a bad idea . but chili keep look at Martin . chili Martin , I be not connect to that people anymore . not since I walk out of a loanshark operation in Miami . martin what happen ? the pressure get to you ? chili pressure ? I be the one apply the pressure . chili sit back . Karen be start to enjoy chili 's handle of Martin ... chili you be a actor , you like to pretend . imagine you be the shylock . a guy owe you fifteen grand and he skip , leave town . what do you do ? chili watch as the movie star hunch over , narrow he shoulder . for a few moment he hold he hand together in front of he , get a shifty look in he eye . Karen shake she head ... karen oh , for Christ 's sake –- martin I know . I be do shylock instead of a shylock . okay , what 's my motivation ? the acquisition of money . to collect . inflict pain if I have to . Karen watch as Martin stare at chili , he expression gradually become deadpan , sleepy ... martin guy owe I fifteen large and take off , I go after he . the fuck you think I do ? chili Martin , look at I . martin I be look at you . so be Karen , for that matter . chili no , I want you to look at I the way I be look at you . put it in you eye , ' you be mine , asshole , ' without say it . martin like this ? chili what you be tell I , you be tired ? you wanna go to bed ? martin wait . how about this ? chili now you be squinting like you need glass . Karen look away now , fight a smile . chili look at I . I be think , you be mine . I fuckin ' own you . what I be not do be feel anything about it one way or the other . you understand ? you be not a person to I , you be a name in my collection book , a guy owe I money , that 's all . Martin nod , give chili a nice dead - eye look . Karen be thoroughly enjoy chili 's manipulation of Martin . martin how about this ? chili that 's not bad . martin that 's what I think of you , asshole . nothing . chili I believe it . martin I turn it on when I confront the guy . chili yeah , but you have not find he yet . ( then ) the guy take off for Las Vegas . martin how do I know that ? Karen look at chili as he sit back ... chili the guy 's wife tell you ... int . abiquiu restaurant '' day two floor , the upstairs with a railing overlook the bar . Harry , a drink in front of he , sit in a big corner booth upstairs . he check he watch ... voice Harry , how you do ? Harry look up to see bo catlett , dress up as usual , stand there with the bear , wear a Hawaiian shirt . harry bo. I be great . listen , I be expect some people –- bo catlett you must be makin ' some big deal , doin ' lunch in a place like this ? harry I be work on a few thing . bo catlett yeah , I hear you bag Martin weir for Mr. lovejoy . harry Boy , this town . Word get around , do not it ? Harry chuckle , take a sip of he drink . bo catlett chili palmer tell I . Harry 's smile go away . bo catlett last night . when he call I over to you office to talk about it . harry chili palmer show you my script ? bo catlett yeah , I be wonder why he should do that . int . martin weir be house '' same time Martin be lean forward ... hook ... martin the wife sue the airline . ( nod ) this be a gutsy babe . chili good-look , too. ( turn to look at she ) like Karen . chili smile at she . Martin lean forward . martin so when do I meet up with the husband and give he the look ? chili it 's not that simple . you have to be careful . there 's another guy that come along , a hard - on you owe some money to . a mob guy . want to take you out anyway , on account of a past situation . martin okay . I be listen . chili stop ; he do not know what else to say . Martin wait , then look at he a moment ... chili at that point , basically , that have to be it . martin you be not go to tell I the rest ? karen well actually , Martin the movie we come to talk about be Mr. lovejoy . chili yeah . we understand you read the script and like it ... a lot . martin refresh my memory ... int . abiquiu '' same time Harry drain he drink . bo catlett exchange a look with the bear , then ... bo catlett listen , Harry , how would you like to get you hand on five hundred grand ? you pay I back at you convenience , no interest . harry you serious ? bo catlett all I want in return be to work on the movie with you . fact I already get some idea on how to fix it up . bo catlett signal the waiter ... bo catlett how ' bout another one for Mr. Zimm . a double . harry you be gonna just give I five hundred grand ? bo catlett we will talk about that , Harry . but first I gotta know , how would you hook up with chili palmer . ext . martin weir be house '' day Karen , Martin , and chili walk out to the driveway . martin lemme talk to buddy , set up a meeting . chili buddy ? karen lufkin . his ... agent . martin yeah , Karen know he . karen but you be interested ? martin I be intrigue , yeah . you know what might help you , take a look at the cylone again , the way a visual fabric be maintain even while the metaphor play on different level . hey –- ( nod to minivan ) this you ride , chili ? chili follow Martin over to the minivan , open the door for he . martin very nice ... chili yeah , I like it , I be high up , I can see everything , you know ? it 's the cadillac of minivan . martin what 's that ? chili compass . martin wow. ( then ) mind if I take it for a spin ? int . abiquiu restaurant '' day bo catlett and Harry be laugh as Harry , very drunk now finish another drink ... bo catlett he be watch letterman , huh ? sneaky , that chili palmer . ( signal the waiter , then ) so , he ever find this dry cleaner , the one with all that money on he ? harry Leo , I do not know . bo catlett and the bear look at each other . bo catlett I bet he do and he be not givin ' you a penny of it , help you out . not the way I be . Harry look at bo , can not believe what 's happen to he life , think a moment , then ... harry assume I go along with this , when can I have the five hundred ? bo catlett whenever you want it . the money 's in hundred dollar bill inside one of that jock bag , you know ? in a locker at the airport , wait to be pick up . harry the airport . bo catlett it be wait out there on another deal , one that do not go through ; one you do not want to know about . Harry shake he head , look around the restaurant . bo and the bear exchange look , then ... harry I do not know . bo catlett it 's not the kind of thing you do . another glance at the bear , then ... bo catlett that 's why I be think you could send you boy chili palmer . he get bust or hit on the head you be not out nothing . and with that , bo catlett calmly slide a orange key across the table to Harry . Harry stare at it . it have the number C - 18 print on the flat orange part . harry C - 18 . bo catlett that 's the magic number . bear cat ... and they all look ... downstair as chili and Karen enter the restaurant . chili check out the bar , see they be not there , then look up at the railing ... keep he eye up there as he say ... chili wait here . chili move to the staircase , now see the bear in he Hawaiian shirt stand a few step from the top . chili get within three step of the guy and stop , but do not look up , keep he eye fix on the man 's gut . bo catlett I would like you to meet my associate , the bear . Movie stuntman and champion weightlifter , as you might have notice . pick up and throw out thing I do not want . chili do not move , keep he eye on the man 's crotch . bear we think you ought to turn around and go back to Miami . chili slowly move he gaze up through hibiscus until he 's look at the man 's bearded face ... chili so you be a stuntman . be you any good ? the bear grin and turn he head to the side , as if too modest to answer and will let bo catlett speak for he . this make the next move easier ... the guy not even look as chili grab a handful of he crotch , step aside and yank he off the fuck stair . the bear yell out of pain and fear as the beefy guy roll all the way down the stair to land on the main floor , a few foot away from where Karen now stand . chili keep watch until he see the guy move , then look up at bo catlett who 's now come down ... chili not bad for a guy he size . chili continue up the stair to where bo catlett stand beside the table . chili unbutton he coat ... chili I will make you a deal . if you can get out of here before I take my coat off , I will not clean the floor with you , get you little costume all mess up . Karen watch now as bo catlett put a hand in he coat packet , step right up to chili ... bo catlett you do not know I . you only think you do . bo walk past chili , go down the stair . chili watch as bo catlett help the bear get to he foot . they leave the restaurant , the bear look over he shoulder at chili . even Karen be look at he differently now as they slide into the booth with a now shocked , rapidly sober Harry . chili Rough business this movie business . I may have to go back to loan sharking for a rest . Harry do not say anything . Karen look at he . karen Harry , what be you still do with that guy ? harry he happen to be loaning I five hundred grand , no string , I write any kind of agreement I want . chili be he give you a check or cash ? harry Cash . it happen to be wait right at this moment in a locker at the airport . karen a locker at the airport ? Jesus Christ , Harry . tell I you be not really that stupid . chili the guy 's set you up . you pull out of they freak deal so he 's pay you back . harry oh , be that right ? I be be set up ? then how come catlett say I should send you out to get it , since you have not do a fuck thing for I since you get into this ... except show bo catlett my script ? chili look at Karen , smile , shake he head ... chili okay , Harry , I be wrong . you be not the one he 's set up . harry I mean , at least bo 's invest in three of my movie . karen Harry , we speak with Martin . harry ' we ? ' karen chili and I . Harry look at the two of they , differently now ... harry really . chili yeah , he want we to talk to buddy , set up a meeting . harry a meeting with who ? you and Karen ? karen Harry -' harry man 's in town two day , think he 's David o. fuck selznick . Karen and chili look at each other as Harry finish he drink . harry so how ' bout it , Mr. selznick , do I make my deal with bo ? or you gonna finally help I out , have a word with you dry cleaner when you find he . chili I find he . Harry look at he . chili forget about Leo 's money , Harry . harry you have it ? chili Harry , if I give you Leo 's money you would have Ray Bones all over you ass and then you would be in a whole new kinda trouble . harry who ? chili Ray barboni . guy from Miami , own Leo now that momo die . harry who the fuck be momo ? Jesus , this fuck name ... chili tell you what , Harry , tomorrow morning , when the airport 's crowded , I will go check it out . if I do not see a problem , I will pick up the money ... karen I would not get my hope up , Harry . Harry think a moment , lay the key on the table , but keep he hand on it . harry maybe I oughta talk to this Ray Bones character myself . see if he want to invest in my movie . chili do not waste you time , Harry . the guy 's not much of a movie fan . now c'mon , gimme the key . Harry finally lift he hand . ext . harry office '' night a light on upstairs ... harry ( v.o. ) Bones . b-o-n-e-s. int . harry office '' same time Harry sit at he desk , the phone cradle to he ear , a half - empty bottle of scotch in front of he . operator ( phone ) I show a ' dem Bones barbecue ' in dade County , but that 's all . harry oh . wait a minute . that 's not he real name . it 's uh ... uh ... yeah -' try barboni . b-a-r-b-o-n-i. int . ray bone ' apartment '' night we start close on a telephone ... the phone ring and we boom up to reveal a close door across the room ... int . bathroom '' same time Ray Bones nest on the can , hum off key , read weir 'd tale , Martin weir 's autobiography . he look up , listen to the phone ring . bone fuck . the phone keep ringing . Bones think about it a moment , then toss the book aside ... bone fuck fuck fuck fuck ... int . front room '' same time as Bones burst out of the john and grab the phone . bone what ? intercutting harry & ray bone phone to he ear , Harry downs another drink , sit up . harry Ray barboni ? bone who be this ? harry be you the guy they call Ray Bones ? bone depend . who 's this ? harry who be this ? I be the one tell you the way it be , okay , asshole ? that 's who I be . now you want you three hundred grand or do not you ? bone what three hundred grand ? harry the three hundred grand a guy name Leo devoe scamm off a airline . the three hundred grand chili palmer now have in he possession . okay . this get Bones ' attention . harry hello ? you there ? bone yeah , I be here . I just do not like the anonymous crap . it mean you either chickenshit or not for real . harry yeah ? well , trust I . I be very for real . bone okay . so who be you ? harry I work for Harry Zimm , alright ? bone who ? harry Harry Zimm . the man happen to be a major Hollywood player . bone never hear of he . harry maybe that 's because you have never be out have fuckin' Miami , dipshit . maybe it 's time you get on a plane , fly out to L.A. and take a meeting with Mr. Zimm . Bones sit down , try to put this together ... bone so , what , this Zimm guy ask for some kinda finder fee , that what we be talk about here ? harry hey , Zimm do not ask for dick . Zimm tell you the way it be ... or else . bone or else what ? harry or else use you fuck imagination . Harry hang up at the other end . Bones stare at the phone . int . harry office '' same time he sit there a moment , also stare at the phone . harry motherfucker . he then realize he hand be shaking , grab the bottle and pour the rest of the scotch down he throat . ext . lax '' sovereign terminal '' morning busy . traveler move along the sidewalk . here come chili ... he enter the terminal and we ... int . sovereign terminal '' day CUT to : row of locker all with key stick out of they except one . we push in on that one ... C - 18 . chili stands between row of locker on either side of he . he study they a moment longer , then look up at the arrival monitor . he start write something on a card as we push past he ... push in on # 83 from newark ... int . airport gift shop '' day as chili busy a L.A. laker t-shirt and a black canvas athletic bag . he pause to check out the magazine rack , Martin weir be on the cover of everything include he hardback autobiography " weirsd tale " . he grab a copy ... chili put the book and the T-shirt inside the athletic bag , put that inside the papergift shop bag , and then look around ... scruffy looking kid eighteen or so , check out the skin magazine as chili come up behind he . chili you want to make five buck , take you two minute ? the kid look at he , but do not answer . chili you go over to that locker over there and put this in C - 17 . the kid still do not say anything . chili it 's a surprise for my wife . but you have to do it quick , okay ? while she 's in the can . that sound like it make sense , so the kid nod ... kid yeah , okay . chili give he the paper bag with he purchase , a five dollar bill and three quarter . he watch as ... the kid walk over to the row of locker ... put the quarter into C - 17 , open it , put the stuff inside , pull the key and then walk back over to chili , and hand he the key ... chili thanks . ext . airport '' day as a plane touch down ... int . sovereign terminal '' day as chili watch the last few passenger come off the plane . he watch they come through the gate until he 's stand there by himself . okay , he turn and walk down the aisle now to the bank of locker three high where C - 18 be just about in the middle . he look both way , take he time until a group of people pass behind , give he a screen , give he just time enough to open C - 17 , grab the black athletic bag , and close the locker . chili get about ten yard down the aisle , head for daylight , when a black guy in a suit come towards he and stop right in he path ... black guy / curtis Excuse I , sir ... now there 's a big guy in a plaid wool shirt next to he , the same guy we see when bo catlett be here . and Christ , another guy now , this one down the aisle , talk on he hand radio . the Black guy have he i.d. folder open ... black guy / curtis curtis . drug enforcement . this be Agents dunbar and Morgan , would you come with we , please ? chili what 's wrong ? what 's this about ? agent curtis turn and start off : dunbar let 's follow he and behave ourselves . what do you say ? as chili walk off with the d.e.a. guy we see ... ray bone come out one of the gate . he look at a guy hold a square piece of cardboard that read " mr . barbone " . guy Mr. barbone ? welcome to L.A. I be Bobby , you driver . you have a good flight ? ray bone ( start walk ) I hope you drive better than you fuck spell , jackoff . my name 's barboni , not bar-bone . as Ray Bones then walk off , we see come out a different gate ... three colombian all in dark suit . two big guy in sunglass flanking one smaller , older guy ... big guy you want to go to the hotel first , Mr. escobar ? mr. escobar I want to get my fock money . int . SMALL airport office '' day chili stand there while curtis open chili 's wallet and look at the driver 's license while dunbar in the plaid shirt pull the laker T-shirt out of the athletic bag , feel around inside . the agent glance at each other without give any kind of sign . curtis you live in Miami ? chili that 's right . curtis what be you do in Los Angeles ? chili I be in the movie business . curtis you be a investor , be that it ? chili I be a producer . curtis you have a card in here ? chili not yet . I just start . chili watch curtis pick up the note with the Newark Flight number and arrival time write on it . chili I would appreciate you tell I what this be about . morgan I get a John doe warrant here . I can strip -search you if I want . curtis Pat he down . morgan why do not I strip-search he . curtis Pat he down . the big guy put chili against the wall . morgan spread you leg . curtis what be you do at the airport ? chili I be suppose to meet my wife , but she be not on the flight . dunbar why , you live in Miami , be you wife come from Newark ? chili we have a fight and she leave I , go back to Brooklyn . I ask she to come out here , you know , think with a change of scenery maybe we could get back together , and she say okay , but evidently she change she mind . curtis you wife a laker fan ? chili I be . I be a fan of everything that 's L.A. I love it out here . he look over he shoulder to the give the guy a smile . curtis do not return it . curtis you can go . chili move to the table to collect he thing . curtis watch he then ... curtis by the way , you recall the number of the locker you use ? chili it be C ... I do not know , sixteen or seventeen , one of that . why ? you look for anyway , a bomb or something ? curtis something should not be there . chili why do not you get the attendant to open all the locker and take a look . maybe you will find it . curtis that 's the idea . I will think about it . chili that 's what I would do . ( look right at curtis ) make sure I get the right guy next time . curtis get he out have here . ext . freeway '' day the usual L.A. traffic . a black caddy in the middle of it . int . caddy '' same time as Ray Bones look out a tinted window at the freeway . bobby you ever wanta go to the beach , here 's the freeway you take we be come to . ray bone I live in Miami and you want to show I a fuckin ' beach ? the sun ever come out here , or you have this smog all the time ? bobby they say the smog 's the reason we have such beautiful sunset . ray bone that 's what they say , huh ? what a buncha fuckin ' bullshit . ext . airport parking structure '' day chili glance about , make sure no one 's around , then pull the key for the ' right ' locker out from a crack in the pavement , near the stairwell . he then go up the stair to ext . airport parking structure '' day another level where the bear , in he trademark Hawaiian shirt be stand beside chili 's car . he straighten up as chili exit the stairwell and walk up to he . chili I do not know how I could have miss you with that shirt on . it 's the same as the other one you have only the hibiscus be a different color . right ? bear so you do not have the key with you . chili you think I would be stand here ? you set somebody up and you want it to work , it have to be a surprise . can you remember that ? bear you spot they , huh ? chili look at he , the guy 's either dumb or make conversation . chili what , do you see it work in some movie you get beat up in ? bear I have to ask you for that key . chili what , the setup do not work so you want the key back ? bear catlett say if you do not open the locker the deal 's off . chili you serious ? this be how you guy do business ? I can not believe you be not dead . the bear keep stare , but do not say anything . chili look , there 's no fuckin ' way I be gonna give you the key , outside of you point a gun at my head . then we might have something to talk about . now step away from the car . bear I do not need a gun . where be it ? if it be not on you , it 's around here someplace . chili shake he head , tired of this , but still feel a little sorry for the guy . he look off in a kind of thoughtful way , turn to the bear again and kick he in the leave knee , hard . the bear stumble , hunching over . chili grab he by the hair with both hand , pull he head down and bring he own knee up into the guy 's face . this straighten he and now chili hit he high in the belly as hard as he can , right under the rib cage . the bear suck air with he mouth open try to breathe , helpless now and in pain . chili take he by the arm ... chili lie down on you back . come on , if you want to breathe . he get the bear down on the concrete , straddle he midsection and reach down to lift he up by the waist of he pants . chili take deep breath through you mouth and let it out slow ... that 's it , like that . the bear start to breathe okay again . he check he tooth now , feel he nose ... chili hey , bear , look at I . the bear look at he . chili tell you boss I do not ever want to see he again . he make a deal with Harry and a deal 's a deal . the bear nod , close and open he eye . chili what be you hang around with a guy like that for ? you be in the movie , right ? a stuntman ? what 's he ever do he can talk about ? you feel okay ? bear not too bad . chili how ' bout when you go down the stair ? the bear touch he thigh ... bear I think I pull my quadricep . chili so ... how many movie you be in ? bear about sixty . chili no shit ? what be some of them ? int . harry office '' day Harry be pass out with he head on the blotter when we hear someone pound on the door . he jerk upright . voice Harry Zimm ? harry what -' who be it ...? Harry , he hair a mess from sleep on it , look up at the door as it open to reveal Ray Bones stand there . ray bone the dipshit who 's never be out have Miami . Harry wake up quick , nearly wet himself as Bones then casually step into the office . harry Mr. barboni . well . this be surprise ... scramble now to play it the way chili teach he , Harry quickly gesture to the red leather chair arross the desk . harry please . have a seat . right here in this chair right here ... as Ray Bones sit down , Harry move to the blind and open they . Problem be , the sun 's set , so there 's no glare at all . Ray indicate the nice red sunset ... bone they say the fuckin ' smog 's the reason you have such beautiful sunset . Harry just smile , sit down at the desk , thing already not go too well , about to get worse ... int . wingate motor office '' same time the wall be cover with poster of porsch and ferraris , the kind you can buy at the carwash with severely titte chick sprawle on the hood . bo catlett be behind a big wooden desk on the phone . bo catlett whatta you mean , he fake they out ? ext . airport payphone '' day the bear , sort of half double over ... bear he know it be a set up . he be ready for it . intercutting bo catlett & the bear bo catlett so where 's the money ? bear I guess still in the locker . bo catlett you guess ? you mean you do not know ? bear I mean I do not care . bo catlett look into the outer office as a car pull into the garage . Three dark - shade gentleman step out of the car . bo catlett bear , I be go to call you later . int . wingate motor office '' day bo catlett hang up , get to he foot as the man all look into the office now . bo catlett Mr. escobar . what a surprise . welcome to L.A. we can now see that one of the latino be older , the other two , young , be he bodyguard . mr. escobar , the older , meaner one ... step into the office ... escobar where be my nephew ? bo catlett you who ? escobar yayo . where be he ? bo catlett stiffen ... uh oh . int . garage '' day as the two back door of a limo slam shut . there 's half dozen other limo wedge in here . int . limo '' same time bo catlett sit in the back , wedge in between the two bodyguard , neither of whom have remove he shade . he face escobar on the opposite seat . escobar he 's my sister 's kid . no papa . not too bright . personally , I think he 's a retard . I only give he the job as a favor for my sister , you understand ? bo catlett sure . family . I know how that go . escobar he come up here with we product . he suppose to come home with five hundred thousand dollar . he never show up . meanwhile , my sister 's go crazy call I all the time worried about he . I , I just wanna know what happen to my fock money . bo catlett well , I do not know . I give the man he money , send he on he way . escobar you give he the money ? bo catlett I give he a key to a locker that have the money in it . escobar now why would you do that ? put the money in a locker ? bo catlett because there be a zillion dea guy hang around the terminal . escobar ( flat ) a zillion , huh ? that 's a lot . escobar study he a moment . bo catlett shrug . bo catlett maybe you nephew panicked , take off . escobar where 's you partner , the jumpy one ? why be not he here ? bo catlett he 's around someplace . escobar I hear he 's around Palm Springs . deal we product . product we sell to you for five hundred thousand dollar . ( then ) why do you keep talk to I bullshit ? I think maybe I have Ramon and ceasar staple you tongue to you chin . what do you think ? bo catlett barely glance at the bodyguard , smile the gleamy smile to the Latin guy in front of he ... bo catlett you know , you speak very good English , Mr. escobar . escobar I go to uc San Diego . ( then ) we be gonna spend the weekend at the universal Sheraton . we be gonna take the tour . see the shark . check out the Miami vice action spectacular . after , we will come here , get we money . one of the bodyguard say ' you nephew ' in Spanish . escobar oh , yeah , and yayo , too . int . ronnie wingate's porsche '' day as ronnie zigzag in and out of traffic , give people the ' look ' as he pass ... on the carphone . ronnie his fuck nephew ? int . wingate motor '' same time bo catlett on the phone ... bo catlett you get to town , you go straight to the bank , raid the limo account . intercutting ronnie & bo catlett ronnie I be already in town , but it do not matter . we get dick in the bank . we dumped it all in Harry 's movie . bo catlett what I be sayin ' be the man want he money and he want it now . int . harry office '' day Ray Bones impatiently listen to Harry ... harry I be talk about you , Ray barboni , own a piece of a major motion picture . how big a piece be up to you . what I be say , you could invest part of the three hundred palmer owe you or you could invest all of it . it 's entirely up to you ... Bones lean forward ... bone where 's Leo devoe ? where 's chili palmer ? where 's my fuckin ' money ? harry Ray . look at I . uh-oh ... Ray 's hear that one before ... bone what ? harry look at I , Ray . bone you say look at you ? harry that 's correct . look at I . Bones shake he head , stand up ... bone I tell you what ... and in one fast move , Ray Bones grab the phone off the desk and slam it into Harry Zimm 's surprised face ... bone fuckin look at that , asshole ... Bones then yank the phone out of the wall and throw it down at Harry ... bone and have a peek at that ... Ray Bones pull a pair of black leather glove from he pocket and step around the desk ... begin kick the live shit out of Harry Zimm ... bone you know , Harry , this be the exact fuck thing I need after the fuck plane flight . my ass fall asleep ... ( kick ) ... seven time . I need a little fuck ... ( kick ) ... exercise . Harry try to push himself to he foot , but Ray Bones stomp on Harry 's hand ... break they ... and Harry fall back down ... Bones crouch down ... bone you get a big problem , Harry . Bones grab he by the hair , pick he up and throw he across the room into the wall of picture , many of they come off they hook and fall on top of Harry . bone hey , Harry ... Harry . do not you pass out on I . look up here ... Harry , a crumpled heap , look up and we see he bloody pummele face as Ray Bones quickly cross the room . he step on Harry 's neck with he shoe , pin he to the floor ... bone where 's my money ? Harry can not speak ; he jaw be break . he look sad lie there pin beneath Ray Bones ' shoe , wonder how it all go so wrong . Bones pull a 9 mm from he coat pocket and aim it down at Harry 's face ... bone Harry . I be gonna ask you one more time , then I be gonna shoot you , you do not tell I what I wanna know ... Harry just make a noise . Bones aim the gun at he . bone where 's my money ? voice you money ? Ray Bones look over as ronnie wingate stroll into the office ... Harry actually look glad to see he . ronnie who the fuck be you ? bone Ray barboni . from Miami . ronnie what , like that 's suppose to mean something to I ? ronnie then put a cigarette in he mouth , eye Bones . Harry try to follow what 's happen from the floor . ronnie the man you be steppin ' on belong to I and my partner . bone he owe I money . ronnie get in line , bro . bone I do not like wait . ronnie tough shit , bro . this be not Miami . you want something , talk to I . bone hey , fuckball , I do not need you permission . L.A. 's a open city . ronnie open he jacket so that Ray Bones can see the .357 ronnie 's get tuck into he belt . ronnie yeah , well , I just close it . Bones look at the gun , look up at ronnie stand there , hand on he hip , hold he jacket open . Bones raise he own gun ... bone you a quick draw ... ' bro ? ' you better be , you piece stick way down in you belt like that . ronnie whatta you get there ... some kinda pop nine , the fuckin ' fiat of gun , always jammin ' at the wrong time . okay . Bones think about that . his confidence a little shake . they stand there a moment . Harry raise he hand , make a gurgle noise as ... ronnie go for he gun . boom . boom . boom . Harry close he eye as Ray Bones shoot ronnie over and over , knock the guy backwards until he hit the door , and slump to the floor . Ray Bones stare at ronnie a moment , then come out of he trance , look down ... quickly step back ... bone do not you puke on my shoe , Harry . Harry roll over on to he side . Ray Bones deep in think now , pick the telephone up off the floor , set it back down on the desk , then look at ronnie again . bone Harry . I need you to do I a favor ... Harry roll over and look up at Ray Bones . bone I need you to take this gun and put a pill in the bro over there for I . Harry look at the dead ronnie wingate , slump up against the door , stare vacantly back at he . bone I know what you be think , ' why the fuck would I shoot he ? he 's already dead . ' Ray Bones crouch down beside he . Harry wince as Ray put the gun in Harry 's break hand . bone but see , the cop get this test , tell they whether or not a person fire a gun . and I be never here . Harry look pleadingly at Ray Bones . bone you understand , Harry ? I be never here . you say I be , and I be gonna come back here throw you out that fuckin ' window . Harry look at the gun , feebly aim it at Bones . Bones frown , push the gun away ... bone c'mon , knock it off , Harry . we do not have a lotta time here ... Harry look up at ronnie , raise the gun ... ext . karen' backyard '' dusk beer in hand , chili sit in a chaise longue by the pool . Karen watch he a moment from the doorway ... karen not a worry in the world . he look over ... chili you pool need skim . she come over , sit down . karen that be Martin . he want to have lunch tomorrow . that be , if you can make it . chili depend , who pay ? karen definitely not Martin . Movie star never pick up the check . they have no idea what thing cost . most of they do not know they zip code and a lot do not even know they own phone number . chili look at Karen a moment . chili how would you meet Martin anyway ? karen not unlike the way Nicki meet he . except it be a wrap party . why ? chili I do not know , I be just havin ' some trouble see you two together . karen you do not like Martin much , do you ? chili oh , I like he . I just think he 's ... short . I mean , he 's a good actor and all , but I be wonder what it be exactly you see in marty . karen for starter , marty be not Martin back then . feeling he stare , she keep she eye on the sunset , and try to change the subject ... karen so what about you story . you think of a title yet ? chili how ' bout get Shorty ? except that be not a movie . that 's real life . karen how ' bout chili 's Hollywood adventure . chili that 's a different story . I be still work on that one , you know , get the visual fabric just right . ( then ) although I have add to it . he look at she , put he drink down . karen yeah ? chili yeah . there 's a girl in it now . karen really . and he lean over and kiss she . int . karen' bedroom '' night Karen and chili lie in bed together . she look at he ... karen I think you could be a actor . I know you be act sometimes , but you do not show it . chili you think I be fake ? karen no . I do not mean that . I just mean in general . chili oh . the be both quiet a moment . then ... chili you do not mean a movie star ? more like a character actor ? karen whichever . let 's talk about it tomorrow . but chili can not stop think about this now ... chili I mean I could see myself in movie Robert De niro have be in . or I could maybe do a Al pacino movie , play a hard - on . but I could not see myself in one , like say the one where the three guy get stick with a baby . they do not know how to take care of it and you see this big grow - up asshole act cute -' karen hey , chili ? look at I . she lean over and kiss he . be still kissing he when the phone ring . they ignore it , let thing heat up as we hear the answering machine pick up off screen ... karen ( v.o. ) I be not in right now . leave a message at the beep ... a beep , follow by ... doris ( v.o. ) hi , Karen . it 's doris . listen , doll , you might wanna come by cedar tonight and visit Harry . he 's in the emergency room ... chili and Karen both jerk upright . int . emergency room '' same time as doris lead Karen and chili towards the triage area . doris I stop by he office to see if he want to take I to Le dome for dinner when I see Harry and this other man lie on the floor . doris smile as two uniformed cop walk past . doris goodnight , Todd . night , Louis . Karen and chili exchange a look as they follow she into ... the triage area where Harry lie in bed in a pain - killer stupor . both of he eye be black . his face be swollen and purple . karen Harry ... my God ... chili what happen ? he raise a bandage hand and wave feebly ... doris he can not talk . he 's full of demerol . Harry try to pull away as she run a hand through he hair . chili who would he shoot ? doris accord to Todd -' sergeant randall -- a man name ronnie come by Harry 's office to collect on a debt . he get rough and Harry shot he . chili you shot one of the limo guy ? Harry give chili a sad look . we then hear ... voice hello , hello ... they all look over as a resident walk over trail by several mo student . resident ( enthusiastic ) okay ... here we go . look like Mr. Zimm here 's get a break jaw and some neck trauma to go with that fracture hand ... doris wink at one of the young mo student as the resident then turn to she , Karen , chili . resident Excuse I , folk ... they step back as the resident pull the curtain shut , block they view of Harry . karen hey , Harry , listen , Martin want to meet we tomorrow at the ivy for lunch . I would cancel , but Martin 's go to Cannes next week , so I think maybe chili and I should still go . we hear harry grunt from behind the curtain , then ... resident ( o.s. ) okay , who want to take a crack at wiring Mr. Zimm 's jaw ? chili and Karen look at each other as we then ... dissolve to : ext . bo' deck '' morning photograph of harry zimm stand beside some giant mutant maggot or something . we begin pulling back ... now we can read a headline above the photograph , " producer involved in shoot " . bo catlett ( v.o. ) motherfucker ... as bo catlett sit on he deck read the newspaper . from inside , we hear the front door open and a moment later , the bear step out on to the deck , with farrah , he little girl . bo catlett motherfucker ... bo catlett look over as bear clear he throat , indicate farrah ... bo catlett hey , bear . I be call you , man . where you be ? farrah hi bo . bo catlett hey , farrah . hah you , little honey bunny . you wipe you foot , for you come in here ? keep uncle bo 's carpet nice and white . bear you see the paper ? bo catlett I see it , but I do not believe it . say Harry shot ronnie five time . four to the chest and one through he foot . bear his foot . jeez , poor ronnie ... bo catlett yeah , I be really gonna miss he . bo throw the paper aside . bo catlett listen , tonight , later on , I get one for you do not involve any heavy work . I want you to go have a look around chili palmer 's hotel room . bear I can not . I get to take farrah to Satan 's place down in costa Mesa . bo catlett who ? bear her mother . not that it matter because I do not work for you no more . I quit . I just want to come by , tell you to you face so there 's no misunderstanding . bo catlett whoa ... this be the man use to jump offa high building ? bear into air bag . there 's no cushion under what you be do . I be out of it , cat . I be do . bo catlett bear . the colombian be in l.a . seem they all upset about they money . that be not enough , as a bonus , it turn out the yoyo be escobar 's nephew . bear that 's you problem . you should not have smoke the guy . bo catlett look at the bear , then smile at farrah ... bo catlett come here , honey bunny , come sit with you uncle bo . he hate be alone . bear watch uncomfortably as farrah sit down with bo . bo look up at the bear ... bo catlett fact , he hate it so much , if he take a fall , he be not gonna fall by himself . bo catlett keep he mouth close to she ear ... bo catlett he 's gonna plea-deal he way out . give up this ace stunt man now one of the West Coast dope king , if they go easy on the cat . bear come here , farrah ... bo catlett hold on to she , look up at the bear . bo catlett I hear in the Federal joint they let you spend a extra five minute at the glass with you daddy on Father 's Day . bear farrah . come here . farrah slip off the couch , walk over to the bear ... bear after this one , I be out , cat , you understand ? this be the last time we talk to each other . bo catlett remember Harry 's story about the dry cleaner palmer be after ? guy who steal the three hundred grand from the airline ? bear what about he ? bo catlett I be think tonight you could go have a look around palmer 's hotel room while I go check out Karen Flores ' place . see if he have not stashed it somewhere . bear ( beat ) and if we do not happen to find it under palmer 's mattress or inside Karen Flores ' undie drawer ? what then ? bo catlett just do what I tell you and meet I back here at midnight . and he wink at farrah . ext . karen' house '' day chili 's minivan be park out front . voice ( v.o. ) sunset Marquis . int . karen' house '' same time chili , dress in he suit , on the phone . chili this be Mr. palmer . I have any message . HOTEL operator ( phone ) a Tommy Carlo call . he say to tell you that a Mr. barboni be on he way to Los Angeles and that you should ... ( clear throat ) ... get the fuck out of there . chili when be this ? operator two night ago . chili hang up as Karen come into the room wear a black suit , no blouse underneath , put on a earring . chili wow . Nice earring . ext . karen' house '' day as Karen and chili walk out to the minivan ... chili what kinda food they serve at this ivy place anyway ? karen Continental , but it do not matter . Martin will not order from the menu . he open the door for she ... chili why not ? karen because a movie star can never order straight from the menu . they have to think of something they have to have that be not on the menu . ext . the ivy '' day as the valet drive off with chili 's minivan , a cab pull up and Harry -' he hand bandage , he neck in a massive brace –- get out ... karen Harry , what be you do ? you be suppose to be in the hospital . chili yeah , Harry , you look like you belong in one of you horror movie . Harry wave they off point to himself as he mumble through he wire jaw ... harry ... my project ... he then push past they and limp up the step . the hubub on the patio quiet as the three of they then walk up to the maitre D ' . int . the ivy '' day maitre d' Mr. Zimm . Nice to see you . Harry look at he , not use to be greet like this . maitre d' right this way . all eye be on Harry as they be lead to a table . Karen sit down , look about at all of the gawk diner ... karen you be a celebrity , Harry . you shoulda shot someone a long time ago . chili watch Harry try to shake a cigarette out of the pack . chili reach over and help he out . chili tell I , Harry , what would you think of Ray Bones as a person ? Harry go stiff , look at chili as he light one for himself ... chili only a guy like Bones would mess you up like this , break you hand for no reason . he shoot ronnie , too ? Harry look at Karen , quickly look away . chili thing I do not get , Harry , be why would you go and do a thing like talk to Ray Bones . you do not need guy like he or bo catlett . Harry look at chili now . chili I be here a while now and far as I can tell you be the only person in town actually make a movie instead of just talk about it . before Harry can answer , we hear a murmur and chili and Karen look across the patio to the street , where ... ext . the ivy '' day Martin weir get out of a new minivan , exactly like chili 's rental . int . the ivy '' day we pan with Martin as he stop off to say hello to people stick they hand out at he to greet he , laugh at he stupid joke ... martin chill . Harry . chili nod as Martin smile , lean down and kiss Karen . martin hi , sweetface . you look great . and mmmmm , you smell good , too . karen thanks . Martin sit down and fan the air in front of he . martin would you guy mind terribly not smoking ? chili take another drag , blow it out past Martin . Harry stab he out , do the best he can with two break hand . martin so. Harry . I hear you have quite a experience . Harry grunt . martin well , I be glad you be okay . and you know what else ? Harry watch Karen and chili a moment longer , turn to Martin ... martin I be glad you reject I ten year ago when I audition for Eddie Solomon , the pedophile clown in birthday Boy . have I get the part . I might have get typecast . Martin smile at he own joke , look up as the maitre D ' approach . Harry turn back to chili and Karen . martin you all ready to order ? I kind have have another thing after this ... chili watch anticipatingly as Martin study the menu for maybe a second , return it to the waiter ... martin you know , I feel like a omelette . you think I could have a cheese omelette with shallot , but with the shallot only slightly brown ... Karen and chili exchange look , pick up they menus . dissolve to : int . the ivy '' day they have finish lunch . chili share a bowl of ice cream with Karen . Harry sip cognac through one of that tiny cocktail straw ... martin I think the romance angle in you story be critically important , that be not simply a jump in the sack for either of they . this two become deeply in love . Harry look up ... mumble through he wire jaw ... harry which two ? martin ( ignore he ) once they life be in danger and you have the mob guy come after they , it not only heighten the tension , it add a wistful element to they love . harry mob guy ? Harry touch he jaw . it hurt to speak . martin I have to consider , I mean , as the mob guy , this be another man' wife I be sleep with . karen and after all , you have such moral . Harry look to Karen for help here ... harry mob guy ? Martin look at he watch . martin I have to run . but what I hope to see , they begin to have misgiving about want the money . it become they moral dilemma and they try to rationalize keep it , but in the end they can not . can they ? harry what money ? martin ( bewilder ) the three hundred large . what other money be there ? ( then ) I should keep quiet , I know , till I have read the script , but I have get a feel about this one . I be that shylock . harry shylock ? Harry wince in pain . Martin turn to he ... martin look at I , Harry . Harry 's already look at he . martin whatta you think , chill ? chili that 's not bad . I think you get it down . Harry turn to chili , and back to Martin again . just now get it ... martin really , it scare I how well I know he . I could do this one tomorrow , no further preparation . ( to Karen ) bye darlin ' ... you really should think about act again . I mean , maybe we could even do something together . now Harry look at Karen who force a smile at Martin . karen I will give it some heavy think . ext . karen' house '' night no light on . chili 's minivan out front . karen ( v.o. ) chili . wake up . int . karen' bedroom '' same time Karen sit up in bed . chili lie asleep beside she . she nudge he ... karen wake up . someone 's downstairs . chili sit up on he elbow , listen . we can hear the tv . karen it 's Harry . downstair . chili sit up on he elbow , listen . chili you sure ? karen he 's do the same thing you do to he , play letterman on tv . chili it 's not Dave . it 's a movie . karen be you go down ? chili I do not know . karen ( get up ) you be as bad as Harry ... chili I will go . I will go . he get up , pull on he pants and the laker T-shirt he buy at the airport . chili hey , Karen , you have a gun ? any kind would be fine . she shake she head . he listen to the tv , then ... chili I think it 's " Rio bravo " . int . karen' study '' same time the big-screen tv on loud , the big .45 in he lap . this time it 's a movie , a western , not David letterman that 's on . John Wayne and Dean Martin shoot bad guy as chili step into the doorway and look around ; the room be empty now . chili move to the television and turn the volume down ... he 's about to walk out when the dark shape of bo catlett step into the doorway and startles he ... bo catlett I need the money . chili what money ? bo catlett the three hundred grand you get from a little dry cleaner name Leo . chili lemme see if I get this right , you break into Karen Flores ' house , ask I for three hundred grand , do not even belong to you ? int . karen' house '' hallway as Karen come down the stair , she can see bo catlett stand in the doorway bath in the flicker light . bo catlett ( o.s. ) give it to I , I will be on my way . int . karen' study '' same time as chili shake he head at bo catlett ... chili I can not believe the way you guy do business out here . I can not believe how fuck up you organization be . bo catlett tell you what ... bo catlett raise the .45 ... bo catlett how ' bout I give you to three , then I organize you fuckin ' brain all over the wall back there . one ... chili what , you gonna shoot I now , bo ? bo catlett in just a second . two ... chili I do not believe this . bo catlett Three . bo catlett be about to fire ... when we hear a scream . not just any scream , but a completely professional one that fill the house and be all over bo catlett so that he start fire before he 's ready , give chili time to dive out of the way as ... bo catlett begin fire all over the room ... keep on fire until without think he blow out the tv and the room go dark and the scream stop . then ... chili ( v.o. ) Karen ? you okay ? bo catlett ( v.o. ) she can not talk right now . we hear movement , then the lamp go on and we see chili stand beside the desk look to the doorway where bo catlett now have he hand over Karen 's mouth . she struggle , but bo hang on to she ... bo catlett that 's a nice scream , lady . you oughta be in movie . chili alright , bo . you can have the money ... but it 's not here . I have to go get it . bo catlett okay . Fine . the meantime , I will just hang on to she for safe keep . chili and Karen be look at each other now . bo catlett you know Laurel Canyon ? chili I will find it . bo catlett I be at 8150 wonderland Avenue . it 's right off Laurel . chili ( look at Karen ) gimme a hour . ext . bo catlett house '' night as bo catlett pull up , drag Karen out of the car . int . bo catlett house '' same time the bear get up off the couch as bo catlett shove Karen inside ... bo catlett you get the money ? bear no . what 's this ? bo catlett plan B. here ya go , honey ... he shove Karen into the bathroom and shut the door ... bo catlett make yourself comfortable . int . bathroom '' same time as Karen shut the door on he . she listen a moment . bo catlett we gonna make a little trade . she spot a copy of Martin 's hardback weir 'd tale by the toilet . karen for Christ sake ... int . live room '' same time bo catlett go over to the stereo . bear Trade for what ? bo catlett the money . fuck . I gotta think ... we hear marvin gaye over ... bear Jesus , bo , what be you do ? Karen stick she head out the door ... karen he do not know what the fuck he 's do . bo catlett point the gun at she face ... bo catlett shut up . she close the door . bear so you kidnap she ? Karen open the door again ... karen that 's a fuck federal offense , asshole ! bear / bo catlett shut up ! again she shut the door . bear you get life for kidnap . bo catlett calm down , bear ... bear calm down ? we be go away for life and you tell I to calm down ? he tap bo 's gun ... bear ( ranting ) Hell , why not just shoot she ? why not shoot everybody . fuckin ' shoot I . shoot the fuckin ' president ? bo catlett do not fade on I now , bear . not unless you wanna hold farrah on you lap in a room fulla felon . the two man stare at each as we hear ... int . house '' same time chili so this 's one of that house you see way up hang over the cliff . they both look over at chili , stand in the doorway , lighting a cigarette . chili where 's Karen ? bo catlett ( nod to the close door ) in the can . that the money ? chili open Leo 's bag so that bo can see the money . chili lemme see she . bo catlett shrug , walk over and open the bathroom door . Karen stand there with she arm fold across she chest . chili you okay ? karen guy 's get a fuck pink toilet , for Christ 's sake . bo catlett she 's great . gimme the money . chili first you and I gotta get a couple thing straight . chili walk to the doorway lead out to the deck and turn around . he eye bo catlett a moment , then ... chili I have be shot at before -' once by accident , twice on purpose . I be still here and I be gonna be here as long as I want . that mean you be gonna have to be somewhere else , not anywhere near I or Harry or Karen . chili set the duffle bag down in front of he . chili here 's you money . take it and leave the movie business to the rest of we , know what we be do . c'mon Karen ... they turn to leave , we hear a loud click as bo raise the gun , take a step towards they ... bo catlett you break in my house and I have a witness to it . chili what ? chili look at the bear . the bear will not look at he . bo catlett only this time , no John Wayne and Dean Martin shoot the bad guy in El dorado . chili it be Rio bravo . Robert mitchum be the drunk in El dorado , Dean Martin in Rio bravo , practically the same part . John Wayne , he also do the same thing in both . he play John Wayne . bo catlett man , I can not wait for you to be dead . chili bear , you be not really gonna –- the bear hook one to chili 's face . chili drop to he knee . bear that 's for the stair . the bear kick he , send chili back into the live room at Karen 's foot . bear ever fall down stair before ? it really hurt ... karen hey –- Karen move to help chili . bo raise the gun ... bo catlett you wanna go first , honey ? that 's fine with I . bear pick up chili ... bo catlett get he off my carpet , you gonna make he bleed like that . the bear knee chili in the gut , then shove he out on to the balcony . bo catlett follow they out there ... bo catlett like I say , ' I warn he , officer , but he keep come at I ... ' the bear follow chili out , hit he again . bear and that 's for the airport . bo catlett hey , he should have a weapon , a knife or something . bear we will get it later . and the bear hit chili again ... bo catlett okay , bear ... that 's enough . but the bear can not stop , keep hit chili . bo move up to the bear ... bo catlett hey , bear ... enough ! the bear look at bo catlett ... bo catlett you keep hittin ' he like that , he be not gonna look like he break in anymore , he gonna look like someone beat he up and then shot he . bear you be right . and then the bear , hold on to the back of chili 's shirt , shove he towards bo catlett , who take a step back , and grab the rail behind behind he , and drop the gun as he get a funny look on he face as ... the rail break away ... bo catlett fuck ... he flail a moment , grab at spare , but then quickly grab on to chili ... chili hey -' the bear try to pull chili back , but end up hold a handful of chili 's shirt as both chili and bo catlett go over the rail together and drop from sight ... karen chili ! ext . from the house below '' looking up at bo catlett house as a body fall ... too dark to see who ... ext . bo catlett deck '' same time as Karen spot the gun on the deck as two hand appear on the edge and the bear rush forward ... bear c'mon , man , gimme you hand ... we gotta get outta here ... behind the bear , Karen pick the gun up off the deck , point it at the bear ... bear hey , Karen , do not -' the bear reach down again and boom ! Karen shoot the bear in the leg . he cry out , fall back and let go of ... chili who now barely hang on to the deck . chili Karen ! what the fuck be you do ?! karen oh , shit ... I be sorry ... I think that be ... I be so sorry ... she come over to the edge ... help the now wounded bear pull chili back up on to the deck . then they all stand there look down at bo catlett lie in the weed and scraggly bush , a hundred or so foot down , not move . marvin gaye sing ' ai not no Mountain High enongh ' as chili then step back , look at the railing ... chili Jesus . how would that happen ? the bear start take bolt and nut , old use one , out of he pants pocket . wiping each one on he shirt before drop it over the side ... bear beat the shit out of I . bo catlett Pov '' chili , karen , & the bear the three of they look down . slowly the picture get blurry as we then ... fade out : we then tilt down to reveal : ext . sunset marquis HOTEL '' night as chili and Karen pull to the curb out front . she look at he ... karen be you scared up there ? chili you bet . karen you do not act like it ? chili I be scared then , not now . how long you want I to be scared ? she look off , shake she head ... chili I will be right back . karen ( shake she head ) go get you stuff . int . chili be room '' night as chili enter , take off he suitcoat , drape it over a chair . he take he suitcase out of the closet , throw it on the bed , and freeze as ... ray bone extend the 'mm at chili , come out of the bathroom . chili you do not need that . you want to sit down and talk , it 's fine with I . get this straighten out . Bones step further into the room as chili turn he back on Bones , walk to the sofa and sit down . chili how would you get in here ? bone I tell they I be you . I act stupid and they believe I . chili so what bring you to L.A. , Bones ? bone do not insult I . get up and turn around . chili get to he foot . Bones motion with the gun and he turn to face the painting over the sofa . Bones come over and lift he wallet from he back pocket . bone you be the dumbest fuck guy I ever meet in my life . let 's see what 's in you pocket . his face still to the wall , chili shove he hand in and pull the side pocket out . Bones turn away . bone what you should have do be tell I about Leo devoe as soon as you find out . chili look over he shoulder to see Bones pull he suitcoat from the back of the chair ... chili why would I do that ? bone ' Cause the guy 's a customer now , stupid . his ass belong to I . Bones lay the pistol on the counter , hold the suitcoat with one hand and feel through it with the other expression change , he eye open wider . bone what have we here ? his hand come out of the suitcoat with the locker key . chili sit down on the sofa again ; he can not believe how easy this be gonna be ... chili give I my cigarettes . they be in the inside pocket . Bones throw he the coat . bone help yourself . Bones then hold up the key to look at it . bone c-one-eight . frown now . put on a show . bone I wonder what this 's for , a locker ? yeah , but where be it ? chili sit back to smoke he cigarette , let it happen . chili I check the bag at the airport , when I come . bone yeah ? which terminal ? chili ( beat ) sovereign . bone you find Leo , do not you ? take the poor asshole 's money and put it in a locker , ready to go . ( look at he ) why have not you leave ? chili I like it here . chili shrug . Bones eye the key a moment , then ... bone look , there 's no reason you and I should not get along . forget all the bullshit from before -' I do not even remember how it start . you take a swing at I over some fuckin ' thing , whatever it be -' forget it . you owe I some money , right ? forget that too . but , you do not say a fuckin ' word about this to anybody . it 's strictly between you and I , right ? chili whatever you want , Ray . ext . sunset marquis HOTEL '' night as Ray Bones get into a cab ... woman ( v.o. ) drug enforcement Agency . int . chili be HOTEL room '' later chili be on the telephone . chili I wanna speak to the agent in charge . woman ( phone ) what be this in regard to ? chili a locker out at the airport , full of money . chili wait . then ... man' voice ( phone ) who 's speak please ? chili I can not tell you . it 's a anonymous call . man ( phone ) be you the same anonymous asshole call the other day ? chili no , this be a different one . have you look in that locker , c-one - eight ? there 's a pause on the line . man you be help we out . I would like to know who this be . chili I bet you would . you want to chat or you want I to tell you who to look for ? the guy 's on he way out there right now . man you know there 's a reward for information that lead to a conviction . that 's why I have to know who this be . chili I will get my reward in heaven . the guy you want have a bullet scar in he head and be wear gray shoe . you can not miss he . ext . sunset marquis '' night as chili follow the bellboy out of the hotel . he tip the guy , then get in the car with Karen . karen what take you so long ? chili could not find my toothbrush . he kiss she , then start the car . ext . sovereign terminal '' lax '' night as Bones , see only from the back now , get out of the cab , enter the terminal . int . sovereign terminal '' same time as Ray Bones , still see only from the back casually stroll through the terminal , play with the locker key in he hand . Ray walk right up to C - 18 and insert the key , turn it , and open the locker to reveal a black athletic bag sit inside ... chuckle , he then reach inside ... ... then stiffen as we hear a click as a red laser dot hit he in the temple ... voice look at I , boot . Bones turn he head and we see that it 's not the Ray Bones we know , but ... a actor , a tough - look guy with a scary face ... we pull back further to reveal ... martin weir stand there with the biggest fuck gun with laser scope we have ever see . a beautiful woman with the biggest -' well , you get the idea -' be stand next to he ... she scream ... woman watch it , Steve ! bullet and blood fly as the tough guy pull a gun from the locker and begin fire wildly at Martin and the woman and Hare khrishna 's and anybody else who happen to be in the vicinity ... Martin , the tough guy only two foot away , calmly aim he gun and pull the trigger , but nothing happen . he shake the gun ... martin dammit ... not again ... director cut ! pull back farther to reveal ... a soundstage set up like the airport terminal . Martin throw a fit about the malfunction prop as the bear walk up to he . bear Martin , maybe you should dive or roll out of the way or something ... harry alright , let 's wrap ! we will pick it up tomorrow ! as Karen cross the soundstage , we track along the back of a row of director 's chair with the name ... " martin weir " ... " harry zimm " ... " karen flore " and ... " chili palmer " . chili stand chat with buddy lafkin . buddy but Martin already tell I he love it . chili look , I do not know , buddy , I do not think Martin 's right for this new one . buddy why the hell not ? chili he 's too short . ext . soundstage '' dusk as Karen , chili , Harry , Martin , and buddy all exit the soundstage . Karen and chili get into chili 's minivan . as they pull out , we see the name " c. palmer " paint in the space . we then crane up and back as Harry , Martin , and buddy each get into they own minivan ... and we then ... fade out : the end