ghost rider written by David S. goyer base on the Marvel Comics character first draft April 11th , 2001 ext . high plain - hillside - day a coyote lope through shimmer heat wave . the sky above be a cloudless blue . woman ( v.o. ) my Father use to say that the only way evil come into you life be if you invite it . I be not sure about that , at least not anymore . what I clq know be this : we be bear alone , and we die alone , and what happen in between be all that matter . the choice we make , the people whose path we cross -- this be the thing that determine we fate . the coyote duck through a hole in a chain - link fence , weave through the rusted ruin of a -- derelict amusement park broken-down ride , weed - clogge machinery , sideshow trailer bleach bone-white . woman ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) most storey start with a beginning . his begin with a end . I never know where he really come from . I guess it 's not important anymore . all I know be that he would be run he entire life . running for so long that he no longer know whether he be run away from something -- the coyote reach a steep ridge , look out over a patchy southwestern town . woman ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) -- or towards it . smash CUT to : int . bad iron bike repair - day spark , noise , metal and grime . JOHN blaze ( 30 , ruggedly handsome ) be run late . he sprint across the workshop floor , shed he welder 's kit as he head for the time clock . clunk ! he punch out -- but little mike ( 5as , trailer trash fast ) have catch he in the act . little mike where do you chink you be go , blaze ? ( continued ) 2 . continued : blaze sick , cut out early . little mike the hell you be ! blaze jump on he bike - a muscular , batter bsa . little mike ( cont 'd ) get back to work or you ass be fire ! blaze aaa n? you say that every time . blaze kick - start the bike . it roar thunderously . little mike ( over the noise ) well I mean it this time ! blaze ( gun the throttle ) see you tomorrow , Little Mike ! the bike howl , haul up on its back wheel . scream out the shop leave Little Mike hold he ear . the other worker whoop and holler , especially when blaze snag a pair of bolt - cutter from a pass tool rack on the fly . ext . bad iron shop yard / dirt road - day blaze skid out of the yard , match speed with a pickup which be just pass by . coop be drive . jed and murphy be laughing in back . clearly , they be friend with blaze . jed ( shout ) skin of you tooth , man ! murphy ( tapping he watch ) yeah , we be on a tight schedule ! blaze so what be you wait for ? blaze burn away , leave the pickup for dust . CUT to : 3. ext . high plain - day a freight train thunder across the landscape . to the East blaze and the pickup be come on a intercept course . blaze reach the train first , climb the gravel incline to the track . match its speed , pull up alongside a bolt container car . he reach back , pull the cutter from he saddle bag -- -- and skillfully chop the lock with one hand . the heavy iron door slide open , pull back by it 's own inertia . blaze throw the cutter inside , peel away -- -- and come back with a vengeance , throttle to the max . he jam the front brake on at the last possible moment -- the bike cartwheel . tail over head . pull a complete three - sixty up into the car -- inside the car -- and land perfectly , screeching to a halt . blaze whoops he exhilaration . and if you do not believe this , watch extreme motocross as we CUT to : the opposite door be wrench aside , revealing coop 's pickup hold steady alongside the train . jed and Murphy ride the cargo bed like surfer . blaze start toss box out of the car and into the truck . jed and Murphy stack `em and rack `em . we get glimpsis of the loot : CD player , vcr , personal package , luggage -- jed Christ , mickey be right on the money ! blaze car twenty - two ! murphy ( laughing ) candy from a baby ! the box keep come , like baggage at the airport . some box miss the mark , fall short , get mangle . a box burst against Murphy 's chest , engulf he in a explosion of paper and polystyrene bead . the other howl with laughter , riding high on this great train robbery as - - ( C o N T I nued ) 4. continued : -- blaze hear something , look over he shoulder . he sees a police cruiser , far in the distance , burn towards they . blaze thank you gentleman , that 's it for today ! jed bang on the cab roof . coop wave . jed and Murphy salute . the pickup peel away . blaze retrieve he bike . stands it back up , kick it alive , gun the throttle and -- -- cold jump straight out of the car . second later he 's power away , rip up a storm , chase the pickup towards the horizon . Far , far behind , the police be still come . CUT to : int . simpson home - dine room - night chuck and rita simpson ( 5as ) be eat chinese food with they daughter , roxanne ( 20 ) and blaze . roxanne be beautiful , easygoing . she 's also seven month pregnant . the simpson be simple , work - class folk . judge by the strain atmosphere , it 's evident that they do not care too much for blaze . rita ( to chuck ) hon , would you pass I the vegetable . Chuck oblige , take a drink of he beer , nod to blaze . chuck so how're thing go at the shop , John ? blaze ( scarfing down he food ) good , good . chuck ( not buy it ) yeah ? Cause Mike say you have be slack off , horsing around . roxanne ( annoyed , protective ) dald __ blaze ( all smile ) it 's okay , rox . ( continued ) S. continued : blaze set he fork down , wipe he mouth with he napkin . conjure up he best earnest look . blaze ( cont 'd ) Truth be , Mr. Simpson , I have be think about clear out of there . maybe open up a shop of my own -- roxanne raise a eyebrow at this . News to she . blaze ( cont ' D ) see , I have be save up . you know , for the baby and all . and I -- doorbell . roxanne rise to get it . chuck you be say ? blaze ( distract , look to the door ) right , so anyway -- roxanne ( o. S . ) JOHN -- blaze look over . two sheriff 's deputy , luca cole and rick GEORGE , be stand in the doorway . roxanne look piss -- like this be not the first time this have happen . blaze stand , approach . clearly , he know they both . blaze ( cocky , wary ) Lucas . Rick . cole johnny . we would like you to come down the station . they demeanor be hard . wo not take " no " for a answer . blaze ( insolent ) can I finish eat ? nope . blaze squirm , feel roxanne 's eye on he . he turn to she , try to explain . ( continued ) 6 . continued : ( 2 ) blaze ( cont 'd ) do not worry , hon . it 's just routine -- roxanne ( terse ) it be by now . just let I know if you be stay overnight . she go back to she dinner . CUT to : int . apartment - live room - night blaze enter . the apartment be dark - tv flicker . roxanne be sleep on the couch . on the coffee table : chinese leftover , fortune cookie . blaze hey . she 's sound asleep . he crouch , touch she face . blaze ( cont ' D ) hey . roxanne barely stir , deeply groggy . blaze ( cont 'd ) everything 's cool . roxanne ( slurre ) you be go to jail . blaze no. no. everything 's okay . jed and Murph just get a little boisterous at the prairie Dog last night . cop want to read we the riot act , that 's all -- she yawn , curl up , start to drift away again . roxanne I be worried about you . and I do not like you friend . but blaze will not let she go back to sleep . he jostle she . blaze listen , I want to show you something -- ( continued ) 7 continued : roxanne I be sure you do . but I be half - asleep and you be a ass-hole . blaze I be serious , rox . this be important . he drag she up off the couch . make she stand up . she moan , scowl , but he get she on she foot . roxanne John , I have to go to work tomorrow blaze ( offer she coat ) put you coat on . you will be glad you do . promise . it will be a adventure . a mystery tour . roxanne this better be good . she stomp to the bathroom . blaze chuckle inwardly . steal a fortune cookie from the leave -over , snap it open -- the fortune be blank . both side . he toss it away . CUT to : coyote eye glitter black , watch . roxanne ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) alright , I be here . now what ? ext . derelict amusement park - night blaze and roxanne creep through a hole in the outer fence , make they way to -- blaze keep go . it 's just up there . a broken -down carousel must have be magnificent in its day . roxanne I be not riding one of that stupid horse . ( continued ) 8. continued : blaze you do not have to ride , just climb up . she step up onto the wooden platform , smile back at he . roxanne you be go to have to grow up one day , johnny blaze . blaze not if I can help it . he follow she up onto the ride . she weave through the wooden animal . start to enjoy this secret adventure . blaze ( cont 'd ) keep go , keep go -- she come around the other side , catch she breath . the whole valley be spread out before she -- a glorious scatter of diamond on velvet . blaze ( cont 'd ) uh-oh . roxanne ( turning back ) what ? blaze ever hear of a carnival wedding ? roxanne shake she head . blaze be fiddling with a crisp , new dollar bill , fold it , make something . blaze ( cont ' D ) if a man and a woman walk around a carousel go backwards , they be consider hitched . roxanne you make that up . blaze swear to God . he finish fold the bill . the " one " be now neatly set on top of a origami wedding band like a paper jewel . blaze ( cont ' D ) you want this ? ( continued ) 9 continued : ( 2 ) she nod , offer she hand . he slip the ring onto she finger and she examine it , light up inside . roxanne it 's beautiful . he smile at she joy , wrestle with what he 's about to say . blaze how would I ever find you ? roxanne ( shrugging ) fate ? blaze I do not believe in fate . roxanne maybe it believe in you . they hug each other fiercely . a long , soulful embrace . blaze look to the city light beneath they once more . roxanne ( cont ' D ) here 's the thing , John . we be have a baby . you can not keep act like everything 's a game . I need you with I . I need to know I will be able to wake up in the morning and see you face next to mine . not have to worry that you spend the night in jail . ( beat ) that 's not a life . at least not one I be interested in live . blaze I know . I be gonna get my shit together . for leal , this time , ( earnest ) I promise you , rox . I will always be there for you . she take he hand and place it on she belly . roxanne do not promise I , promise she . the coyote blink . thunder from the next scene prelap as we CUT to : 10 . int . blaze' apartment - night wham ! blaze enter , drench from head to toe , frantic . roxanne 's arm be fill with laundry . blaze we gotta go . get you stuff together . roxanne what happen ? what 's wrong ? roxanne follow blaze into the bedroom . roxanne ( cont 'd ) what do you do ? blaze I fuck up . the police be come . grab you thing . we have to go . she sag , clearly be through this before . he toss a suitcase onto the bed , look back at she . blaze ( cont 'd ) just do it , rox ! following blaze as he storm into the bathroom . reaches behind the high cistern , retrieve a hide handgun . he jump down . tear the side panel off the old bath tub . there 's a stack of flat black box hide within . blaze drag they out , drop one - it pop open , spilling uncut diamond all over the floor . blaze curse , struggle to gather up the loot . roxanne ( o.s. ) Jesus , johnny -- on roxanne stand in the doorway . she sawit all . ext . blaze' apartment - parking lot - night rain hammer down . siren whine . blaze shove roxanne and the suitcase into a beat - up El camino . int . EL camino - night blaze climb behind the wheel , gun the engine even before roxanne have buckle in . he gnashes into reverse , grind the car into a backwards spin -- 11 . ext . parking lot - night -- nearly clipping another car pull in . he jump the curb and race off into the rain -- int . EL camino - night -- pass a police car come the other way . roxanne glance at blaze , angry and disappointed . blaze struggle . the rain . the wiper . the fogging windshield . it 's a bad time to be johnny blaze . blaze fuck . blaze' rear -view mirror Pov : the cop car be turn , head back in they direction . roxanne JOHN -- blaze floor the gas . the speedometer leap . ext . rural road - night the EL camino scream through the rain , with the cop car in dogge pursuit . two more police car fall in behind they . int . EL camino - night blaze fight to keep it together . the road ahead be dangerously wind . tire squeal as he haul a sketchy turn . roxanne gasp , fearful , brace herself . the police be gain . flashing light flood the interior . roxanne slow down , John -- another sketchy turn . blaze spin the wheel , brake , hard . too hard . the car hydroplane , find purchase -- roxanne ( cont ' D ) slow down ! lightning flash , and suddenly , there 's a coyote or , the road , right in they path . ( continued ) 12 . continued : blaze jerk the wheel . roxanne scream . the car skid , slew off the road , crash through a guard rail -- it plunge down a washout , flip end over end , shed glass and wreckage , finally slamming to a dead stop at the bottom of a rocky arroyo . inside the EL camino blaze stir , blood stream down he face . the windshield be blow open . rain pour in . blaze roxanne --? he struggle to free himself from he seat , sees a tear seat belt hang beside he -- the passenger seat mr ) ty . blaze ( cont 'd ) roxanne ?! ext . arroyo - night blaze scramble out through the break windshield . Falls off the wreck onto the steep , muddy incline . he try to stand , can barely manage to crawl . blaze ( terror seize he ) roxanne !!! on roxanne lie ten yard away , unconscious , maybe dead . blaze scramble to she , roll she over . he haul she into he arm , sobbing , the two of they cover in mud and glass and God know what . troopers be come down the incline , gun draw , flashlight beam . they descend on blaze , cry to pull he free of roxanne . blaze ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) let I see she ! God - dammit ! I have a right to see she -- CUT to : int . hospital corridor - night angle on blaze , grief -struck , handcuff , thrashing about as trooper try cc restrain he . ( continued ) 13 . continued : blaze get you fuck hand off I ! Lucas Cole , the deputy who question blaze earlier , approach . blaze sees he and calm down a little . blaze ( cony ' D ) please . just let I see she . Cole nod to he man , who ease up on blaze . he guide blaze over to a observation window -- there Pov roxanne lay in a surgery bay , doctor and nurse milling around she . doctor ( o.s. ) Mr. blaze --? blaze turn , sees a nervous doctor stand behind he . blaze be she go to make it ? doctor ( blink , stutter ) Mr. blaze , I -- blaze ) _a ch= go r4 make i be ? doctor we do not know . she 's critical . her injury be grave . there 's a real chance she will not -- blaze what about the baby ? the doctor hesitates , glance at Cole . doctor I be so sorry . we do everything we could . blaze 's will shatter as the full realization of what he 's do slam into he . tear sting he cheek . Cole give he space . whatever punishment await blaze can not be any worse than the hell he 's live through now . 14 . int . icu ward - night close on roxanne , on life support , hook up to a array of monitor . sleep beauty , still as death . blaze sit beside she bed . handcuffed . numb . rain stream against a nearby window . Tree limb tap against the glass , like ghost scratch to get in . two state troopers stand guard at a respectable distance , murmuring to each other . elsewhere -- boot walk purposefully on linoleum . pass bay after bay . Beyond the trooper , someone be approach , half see through layer of glass . blaze hear the footstep , lift he weary head . the shadow keep come , half - glimpse between partition as it draw near . the icu light flicker and weaken as if some unseen force be sapping they intensity . blaze glance at the machine . still tick -- ambrose starke ( 60s ) step into view . duster-coat . a wide - brimm cowboy hat . a smile stone face . Blue eye fleck with silver grey . he step between the trooper . they keep talk , do not even seem to notice he . starke you look like you could use some help . blaze glance at the trooper . they be still completely unaware of starke 's presence . it 's as if starke and blaze have somehow step a split- second sideways in time . the light around they continue to dim . the second hand on the wall clock stop . a eerie , dreamlike moment -- the wind , the rain , the tree branch tapping against the window pane . blaze ( lost ) she 's die . starke nod , place a coin in blaze 's palm . starke if I could help she , would you be willing co make a deal ? ( continued ) 15 , continued : blaze look at the coin -- gleam , golden , emboss with a soar eagle on one side , a coyote on the obverse . blaze what kind of deal ? starke she life . you work for I . something about starke 's eye . command and haunt at the same time . blaze what kind of work ? starke just keep smile . lay a comforting hand on blaze 's shoulder as we drift towards roxanne 's beep eeg . woman ( v.o. ) when I be young , I be tell that we soul wander while we sleep . sometimes they get lose . sometimes they never make it back -- fade to black : super title : " five year later " int . motel room - bathroom - dusk fade in on John blaze as he switch on the light , look in the mirror . that five year of work have take they toll . a haggard reflection gaze back at he , he stare . and stare . right into he pain . woman ( v.o . ) -- but if they dq return , they bring message . and I guess thhat 's how the dead speak to we -- in memory that may be dream , and dream that feel like memory . blaze turn off the light . CUT to : int . seven eleven - dusk the store be empty . the clerk price cigarette pack , eye a suspicious Native american woman , nomi ( 30 ) , as she load a basket with basic . nomi set the basket down on the counter . the clerk start scan the bar code . [ C ontinued ) 16 . continued : clerk just pass through ? nomi nod , uneasy . she glance over she shoulder , search out she half - breed daughter -- rain ( 8 ) , who be sorting intently through a rack of cheap toy . the kid be quiet , soulful , old beyond she year . clerk ( cont ` D ) where you head ? nomi ( distracted ) what ? clerk where be you head ? late night , storm like this -- nomi what do you care ? clerk ( shrugging , defensive ) just ask . he keep pack . but he know she 's trouble . rain ( o.s. ) I like this . nomi turn , sees rain clutching a toy -- a glow - in- the-dark Halloween skeleton . nomi it 's too much , baby . put it back . I do not have enough money for that . rain stare right at nomi -- and brazenly slip the doll into she coat pocket . nomi glance at the clerk . he do not notice . ext . seven eleven / deadfall gas station - dusk it 's pour rain . nomi and rain hurry across the muddy lot towards a ratty pickup . carrigan ( o.s. ) yeah , I find she . come back to be with she die grandpappy . ( continued ) 17 continued : on the other side of the lot billy - ray carrigan ( 30 ) pace under a tire bay awning , talk on a cell - phone . he 's handsome , charming , but there 's evil lurking within that slick exterior . a pencil - thin scar run just under one eye . carrigan ( cont 'd ) do not worry . she 's get the kid with she . carrigan watch nomi and rain climb into the pickup . the pickup choke to life , carve out of the lot . carrigan nod to -- -- landsdale ( 40s ) , a stone - face criminal , who motion to five other thug loung nearby -- fusco , albright , chudacoff , lloyd and odell . carrigan ( cont 'd ) ( listen , impatient ) I remember the deal . just make sure you bring the money . he hang up , follow he man to a couple of truck wait nearby -- a dusty tundra for albright , chudacoff , odell and Lloyd ; a old bronco for landsdale , fusco and carrigan . carrigan pull a Glock from he waistband , chamber a round . carrigan ( cont 'd ) who want to be a millionaire ? landsdale smile back , a awful smile . woman ( v.o. ) some people be bear bad . that 's just the way they come into the world . something go wrong . something break inside of they -- the truck pull away , tire ploughing muddy track , pass two stray dog fight over a bloody road - kill carcass . int . motel room - bedroom - dusk blaze sweep aside a curtain , study the slowly darken landscape outside with tired resignation . woman ( v.0 . ) -- and they spend the rest of they life try to make up for it . click ' blaze curn on the tv , watch a weather snippet . ( continued ) 18 . continued : pan over blaze 's belonging on the bureau -- a duffle bag , old photograph of he previous life with roxanne , a collection of blank postcard . tucked amidst the photo be a sonogram feature a ghostly image of a unborn child . weatherman -- scattered thunderstorm fire along a stall frontal boundary . damage wind , hail , and isolate tornado will be possible across the dakotas and Upper midwest -- blaze unfold a tatter map and study it . the map be crisscross with red line trace storm from city to city , along with all sort of arcane , personal notation . blaze trace he finger down to he present location : deadfall . ext . road - dusk a lonesome service road thread through bleak wild - grass prairie . nomi 's pickup appear on the horizon . int . nomi be pickup - dusk nomi glance at rain , who clutches she new skeleton toy . nomi seatbelt . rain dutifully fasten herself in . nomi ( cont 'd ) hey , bug . you hungry ? rain shake she head - nomi ( cont 'd ) want to listen to music ? ( off rain 's sullen shrug ) look , we will not have to keep move around forever , okay ? I will figure something out . I promise . rain look at she mother . she 's hear it all before - wham ! somebody ram the truck from behind . rain scream . int . lakota motel - dusk blaze reach for a pack of cigarettes , light a match . he stare at the match flame for a moment -- for the flame be behave strangely , bend towards blaze as if it be draw -o t&gt ; ; marry blaze shake out the match , then retrieve -- ( continued ) 19 . continued : the coyote / eagle coin he stare at it ruefully , then place it on the map and set it spin . we get the sense that this be a ritual he have perform many time before . as we move in on the coin -- ext . road - dusk crash ! the tundra ram nomi 's pickup again . nomi fight to keep control . aim for a turn - off up ahead . she haul the truck into the turn , fight the roll - over , barely make it -- -- but it 's not fast enough . the tundra and the bronco make the turn too . they headlight blaze into the cab . nomi floor the gas . the pickup judder . the road here be bumpier , crack and pock . the bronco swing out , pull up alongside nomi . she glimpsis landsdale , laughing , urging carrigan on . carrigan cut right , slam the bronco into nomi 's side . int . lakota motel - dusk on blaze , watch the coin with a grow sense of fatalism . spin . spin . but start to slow now -- ext_ road - dusk wham ! the bronco collide with nomi 's door again . Glass shatter - rain wail , terrify . wind and rain rush in -- blowout ! Front offside tire . nomi lose it , careen right , carve off the shoulder into a muddy culvert , smashing over rock , sagebrush , fence post and barb wire -- after a few dozen torture yard , the pickup shudder to a stop . the bronco and the tundra haul up nearby , engine chugging like hungry beast . in the pickup nomi angrily drag she seatbelt off , snatch a revolver from the glove box . she look to rain : nomi stay here . and lock the door . nomi climb out into the rain , slam the door . rain work the lock , but the driver 's side be all bent up and twisted -- 20 . ext . road - dusk nomi approach the truck , blind by halogen high - beam . silhouettes be come towards she . she raise the revolver -- nomi back the fuck off ! landsdale come from leave of nowhere , twist the gun from she hand in one unexpected move . she spin , sees carrigan approach -- and recognize he instantly . nomi ( cony ' D ) billy - Ray --? int . lakota motel -- dusk on blaze , watch the spin coin . he shut he eye , as if he could stave off what he know be come next . as if he could contain the thing that be , even now , claw its way into he body from some dark circle of hell . ext . road - dusk crack ! nomi fall to she knee , dimly aware of she daughter scream . carrigan stand over she , massage he fist . carrigan well , if it be not Little miss running bear . he grab she by she hair , shove the Glock beneath she chin . carrigan ( cont 'd ) gentlemen , you be look at one of the finest piece of ass I have ever have the good fortune of defile . nomi fuck you , billy -- carrigan now I might just take you up on that , nome . Old billy - Ray 's be get a little tired shaking hand with the governor , know what I be say ? in the pickup cab landsdale and he man be try to get the door open . rain scoot to the driver 's side , try to start the engine . but the driver 's door be wrench open and the man be on she - - ( C o N T I N U ed ) 21 continued : landsdale careful with she ! rain be drag kick and scream from the cab . on nomi , struggle to free herself , desperate to help she child . nomi leave she alone ! rain fight like a hellion , rake she fingernails across odell 's face . odell fuck ! slap ! landsdale back -hands the little girl . as she reel , he bind she hand with duct tape , then pick she up and throw into the bronco . nomi you cocksucker ! int . lakota motel - dusk the coin slow . blaze open he eye , a look of dread wash over he face . he stare at he hand -- they be shaking , emit a heat haze . ext . road - dusk thunder explode . lightning flash . the man gather round to watch carrigan beat nomi unmercifully . he knock she back into the mud . she try to crawl away , blind by the rain . int . lakota motel - night the coin come to a stop , coyote - side up . blaze scream , he body wrack with pain . he begin to violently shake , he muscle twist in unnatural contortion . with a combustive whoosh he face abruptly catch FIRE and -- ext . road - night crack ! smack ! carrigan deliver the coup-de-grace . pistol whip nomi with the Glock . her head snap back . blood spray in deep slow-motion , spatter the bronco 's headlight -- ( continued ) 22 . continued : nomi struggle backwards through rivulet of mud . carrigan loom over she . all she can do be stare up at he , glassy and unfocus as rain spatter she face . carri gan tell you what , hon . you want you goddamn divorce so much ? he aim the Glock at she face , about to pull the trigger as -- carrigan ( cont 'd ) you can fuck have it ! -- a gut -wrenching howl cut through the night , echoing off the canyon wall . carrigan and he croney take a beat , stare through sheet of rain . silence . just the relentless downpour . odell the hell be that ? the man glance at each other , nervous . a thunder - quake rumble , so low and gritty it will rattle you filling . the man look around , frighten . rock fall from the surround butte . odell look down . the SOUND be deafen , vibra tine : the very earth . and that 's when it happen : a flaming red-hot monster-cycle leap from atop a wedge outcrop , ride by something that scream and burn . Silent slow motion . heat haze , glow manifold . the bike catch twenty foot of air , trail fire like a comet 's tail as it pass right over they disbely head . what . the. fuck. touchdown . a blast - wave of heat and flame billow outward . the man shield themselves , stumbling backwards . the bike haul a deep carve turn , peel mud , slide to a dead stop , hiss in the drive rain . time stand still . carrigan and he man gape . the monster cycle throbs . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 2 ) on the rider alive . evil. aflame . a man but not a man -- a impossible spectre , engulf in fire , its skullish head deeply bow . clink coil of red-hot chain slip link by link through its skeletal , flicker finger . then it lift he terrible head -- the face of JOHN blaze skeletal , aflame , but somehow still johnny , he torture visage recognizable even as the furnace blaze blue-white . his jaw bone pivot open to unleash a inhuman howl , at once predatory and torment , a shriek of eternal damnation . time speed up again . the man run . the ghost Rider accelerate from zero to sixty in a heartbeat . Lloyd run fast as he can . talk about pointless . the ghost Rider seize he head , drag he seventy yard , burn he black , discard he -- the other man let rip . gun blaze . bullet punch through the ghost Rider , come out he back as red hot slag . the demon haul a deep curve , power up onto he rear wheel -- albright what the fuck ?! what the fuck ?! albright fire he shotgun . thundering past like a amtrak train , the ghost Rider punch a flame fist right through albright ' - , face . that 's it for the other . they scramble for the truck . whoosh ! the ghost Rider lash out with he chain , lassos chudacoff . he scream as the metal sear he body , fall heavily , burn -- the ghost Rider skid to a halt , summon something internal and let it loose -- a blast of pure hellfire that course down the chain and engulf chudacoff , immolate he . the man make the truck , pile in . landsdale slam the tundra into drive . the big truck haul away . carrigan fight to get the bronco into gear . rain peek out from the back , eye bugging -- ( continued ) 24 . continued : ( 3 ) rain' Pov as the ghost Rider dismount , stalk through the rain towards they . he raise he skeletal hand , clenches it , and suddenly we be -- inside the bronco' engine a series of macro shot as we move amongst the piston , cylinder , and intake manifold . the mixture of vaporize fuel and air within the engine begin to ignite , but then the miniature explosion seem to contract and implode in upon themselves and we be -- back outside with carrigan . his truck will not start . somehow , the ?host Rider have actin uished the flame within he engine . the ghost Rider keep come , he skeletal claw / finger white - hot now , throbbing with heat . he slice through the bronco 's door like a human oxy - acetylene torch , chopping the vehicle apart . carrigan panic , drag rain out the passenger door . but fusco be still trap inside . can not get he seatbelt off . the ghost Rider tear open the roof , bisect the vehicle and hurl the front away , leave fusco cower in the melt back seat . the ghost Rider loom over fusco , extend a skeletal claw -- fusco oh God , please , I be not nothing to do with nothin' . I be not nothin' . please , please ! on carrigan tug rain away from the horror , try to ignore fusco 's terrible scream . he look back , wish he have not -- the ghost Rider have fusco snatch up nose - to-nose , force the man to look right into -- the ghost rider' eye hungry black socket that suck the fire from the air . ( continued ) 25 , continued : ( 4 ) fusco shudder , eye bulg . all he can do be stare into that awful pit , fall into they , as grisly image from he evil past spark and shred into he melting mind . every act of violence , every crime he ever commit -- beating , murder , act of torture and revenge -- be now revisite upon fusco tenfold . this be the penance stare , and fusco be feel it 's full , hellish force . the ghost Rider and fusco scream in sync . carrigan and rain can not look away . they stand transfix -- then it 's over . the ghost Rider drop fusco into the mud . he lie there , shudder , glassy - eye , burn black but still alive , he brain irrevocably overload . and the ghost Rider be somehow different too . immobile . Internal . then he look up , past carrigan . r;rht at . rain . rain stare back . but it 's -- blaze' face she sees . a abject abyss of pain and shame and torment . and rain 's terror be forget for just that moment , replace with something best describe as empathy . light and noise to the ghost Rider 's leave . he turn -- the tundra scream out of nowhere , slamm into he at sixty plus . inside the cab landsdale duck the shatter windshield , leap from the truck as it fill with fire -- the tundra keep move , pile - drive the howling spectre square into a massive boulder . the truck compress like a accordion , explode , engulf the rock with fire -- landsdale pick himself up , ready for anything . carrigan tug rain over . the wreckage burn out of control . carrigan do you kill it --? land dale fuck if I know !!! just then , nomi 's pickup back into view . odell be drive . ca___gan snatch rain up like baggage , start forward . ( CC 1t=n1u D ) 26 . continued : ( 5 ) on nomi daze , in a muddy gully . she scramble up to the lip , sees the burn tundra nearby , sees she pickup haul away into the night . she wail , try to drag herself to she foot -- creak . the burn wreckage move . move again . nomi duck down , watch , uncomprehend . the crumpled truck be hurl aside . two ton . tipped over like a pack crate . nomi slip down into the gully , gasp with fear . heavy footstep and crackling FIRE draw near -- nomi dare to look up . the ghost Rider stare down at she . like death itself . imagine yourself face to face with a great White , a unfathomable , impenetrable force of nature -- then imagine that force turn away , spare you . the world exhales . after a moment nomi dare to look again : nomi be Pov ( through the pouring rain ) all she see be a man , in tatter clothes , roll a bust up motorcycle away into the darkness . CUT to : int . hospital - trauma ward - night graveyard shift but the floor be busy . too many accident , too few staff . and the police and paramedics hover here and there be just get in the way . on blaze , stumbling through the crowded ward , head down , in obvious pain . or . quinlan ( 30 , harry ) , struggle to keep up , fill out paperwork on the fly . quinlan Sir , you have to tell I you name . blaze I just need to sit down for a moment . and I need some forcep , gauze , tape -- quinlan I will decide what you need , alright ? name ? blaze haul a curtain aside , find a empty surgery bay , prepped and ready to go . 27 . continued : shout medic tear past , push a scream burn victim on a gurney . blaze duck into the curtain bay . quinlan follow . quinlan ( cont 'd ) Sir , I can not help you if you do not cooperate . ( beat , pointedly ) be you on something ? drug ? blaze pull at he jacket , ease it over he batter body . blaze no , no . do I look like troub-unghhh -- he grimace as the jacket come off . bullet wound , shotgun damage , tear flesh , and a lot of blood . quinlan ( taken aback ) oh -- my . what happen to you ? blaze sit back on the bed , set about clean he wound with tool laid out on a tray nearby . blaze motorcycle accident . couple abrasion , maybe some rib fracture -- ( quinlan try to help ) just step back , I will handle it -- quinlan that be bullet hole . blaze clean the wound she 's refer to , grit he tooth as he swab gauze deep into he flesh . blaze Nah . they be just -- gouge . surface damage . they will heal up fine . ungh - do you have any -- painkiller ? quinlan ( assertive now , plainly suspicious ) this be no motorcycle accident . somebody have cauterize you wound blaze insert the forcep into a particularly nasty wound . blaze percocet ? vicodin , maybe ? 28 , continued : ( 2 ) blaze pull a vicious shard of metal out of he side , stifles a scream , fight to keep it together . blaze ( cont ' D ) just. give. me. something . for. the. pain . he staunches the blood , fix she with such a stone stare that she involuntarily back away . quinlan I be sorry -- but I need to report this . stay right there . quinlan back out through the curtain . blaze sigh , tape a thick gauze patch over the wound , eye hunt . he sees a drug cabinet , break into it . fill he pocket . int . hospital - hallway - night moment later , blaze be stumbling away . he pop the cap of a pill bottle , dry-swallow a half - dozen painkiller -- to he right , a paramedic team work on the shriek burn victim we see earlier . blaze stop , horrify -- it 's fusco , eye roll wildly , char nearly beyond recognition . flail and convulse , finger nothing but expose , blacken bone -- on blaze , back into a quiet corner . he suppress a sob , fumble a hypodermic as he fill it with steal morphine . he jab the spike into he leg , sag as the drug take effect . after a moment , blaze calm , get he bearing , notice that he 's lean against a bulletin board on which be pin -- a wanted poster , helpfully illustrate with a mug-shot of blaze 's own face . blaze tear the poster down , stuff it in he pocket , then realize that someone be watch he . he turn , sees -- nomi sit on a nearby bed . beaten , bruise , desolate . a pair of state troopers be question she . she stare past they , straight at blaze . she recognize he . ( icn - =nu_^ ) 29 . continued : Ice water flood blaze 's vein . he hurry away . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET - day blaze approach a mailbox , fish a postcard from he backpack . he write the date , check the time on he watch and jot that down too . he address it , drop it in the slot . then he turn around and sees -- -- nomi stand behin he , j�iorkina he way . nomi you be there last night . blaze Excuse I ? nomi when they take my daughter . blaze I do not know what you be talk about nomi yes you do . blaze try to pass off he unease with a ill-conjured smile . he push past she , move to he batter motorcycle . nomi follow . nomi ( cont ' D ) the ghost Rider . it walk right past I . it let I live . ( a whisper , intense ) I know what you be . blaze stare at nomi , shake . blaze Lady , you do not know shit . ( he tone turn lethal ) now bark the fuck of t of my ii blaze mount he bike , kick it alive , leave nomi in the dust . ext . high plain - day blaze head north under a big sky castle with tower white cloud . ( can '::vl=d1 30 . continued : prairie grassland roll away on either side of the two lane blacktop . but blaze 's landscape be deep within and dark , dominate by the thunderhead of last night 's horror . he notches the throttle up a little , cruise at ninety . roll he head back , let the wind stream over he face . then he hear another motorcycle . blaze look back -- nomi pull alongside blaze , riding a monster bike of she own . blaze burn away . but nomi 's no slouch . she match he speed and be back beside he moment later . she shout : nomi pull over ! I need to talk to you ! blaze gun the bike again , jink around a oncoming station wagon that blare it 's horn_ but nomi 's still on he -- nom I ( cont ' D ) damnit , I need you help !!! blaze ( irritate ) lady , i've helped you enough ! nomi smile . blaze just slip up and they both know it . nomi I thought that be the ghost rider !!! angry with himself , blaze throttles he bike to the max , howling over the next rise on he back wheel , probably hit one - fifteen as he vanish from view . nomi skid to a stop on the shoulder and wait , she engine rumbling . wind blow . lizard click . after a long beat , blaze reappear . stop far away on the crest of the rise . stare at she . CUT to : ext . foothills - dusk blaze and nomi weave they way through a obstacle course of rusted car hulk and assort junk , head for a batter airstream trailer perch on the edge of a bluff . ( -_ :n :n " ' 7 - D ) 31 . continued : nomi I know what you be the moment I see you . I can help you -- jf you be willing to help mp - . I know thing . blaze like what ? nomi this thing that 's riding you , the ghost Rider . I guess it have a lot of name . but the one I grow up hearing be nagi ocanl since . it mean the Spirit of Vengeance . blaze you actually believe what you be tell I ? nomi you kid ? I be pure-bred dakota . I can hear the mountain talk to each other . and I see you light up that prick like chinese New Year last night . they reach the trailer . nomi fix glaze with a stare . nomi ( cont ' D ) what do you see when you sleep at night ? the dead ? the face of the people you have take ? blaze ( angry ) j,t take they . not I . nomi nod , not sure she believe he . enter the trailer . int . airstream - dusk Dark , shadowy . curtain draw tightly shut . every corner cramme with bric-a-brac . on the tv : the football game . blaze sit on a collapse couch . nomi hover nearby . her grandfather henri laforte ( 80s , emphysemic ) , ramble on in dakotan , pause only to suck on he oxygen mask . he keep he eye on the game the whole time , never once look at blaze . blaze ( aside , to nomi ) do you grandfather understand English ? ( :� , nt=nle_ - ) 32 , continued : nomi he understand . he just refuse to speak it . laforte continue to ramble intermittently . blaze shift , impatient , finally sit forward . blaze listen , I do not want to be a ass-hole , but can we just fast - forward the whole yoda routine ? the home team score ! laforte whoops wildly , lose he mask , cough uncontrollably . blaze stand . he 's out of there . blaze ( cont 'd ) feel better , old man . laforte ( rasp , in English ) give I the coin . blaze stop , cock a eyebrow at nomi . she shrug . blaze hand over the coin . laforte study it , start speak in dakota again . nomi translate : nomi the man you be look for go by lot of name . coyote , Black dog. in dakota , he 's waka sica . the trickster . look at he straight on , you might see a human . look at he out of the corner of you eye at one of the in - between time -- dusk or dawn , you might see something else . blaze what do he want ? laforte wacokico . Vengeance . blaze why ? nomi because it 's he nature . laforte elaborate . nomi continue to translate . nom I ( cont ' D ) Long ago , coyote could change he shape , chop he body into little piece , cause all sort of mischief . ( more ) ( cont=nle� ) 33 . continued : ( 2 ) nomi ( cont 'd ) but Eagle , he have a clear eye . and he see coyote for what he really be . so he swoop down , scattered that piece to the wind . ( beat , draw a breath ) the first man , they find the piece , and not know what they be , they eat they . and that 's , how all man come to have a little piece of coyote in they heart . now coyote , he will promise anything to get that piece back . there it be . blaze exhales . he study laforte , that ancient , wise eye . blaze I have be look for this man for five year now , storm - chase -- ( pull out he map ) tracked he halfway across the country . how do I make he lift the curse ? laforte ta ocanzeke kin akta a'ikoyake . t'e sniya kel rrrani . takuni a'ikoyake sni ya 'un kte hantana , wocanzeke kin ekignaka yo ! nomi my grandfather say you have be look in the wrong place . you need to look inward . the ghost Rider be starke 's weapon . a extension of he rage . but it can not ride people unless it have something to latch onto in the first place . you understand ? blaze nod . he think he do . laforte hand the coin back , return he attention to the game . but as blaze start to rise , laforte say one final thing : laforte wee-cha - sha nee-shee - cha hay ? nomi pause , decide how to phrase what the old man say . blaze what ? what would he say ? nomi he want to know if you be a bad man . if the ghost Rider turn its penance stare on you , would you burn ? 34 . ext . airstream - night darkness have fall . the sky glitter infinite black . blaze join nomi at the edge of the bluff . blaze why do not you just go to the police ? nomi I do . but I be red . they say they will " look into it " . Truth be , I have have a few run-in with they myself . blaze you daughter -- why do starke want she ? nomi take a beat , look away . haunted , ashamed . nomi because he 's she father . and he want she back . billy - Ray and the other , they be be pay to take she to he . blaze nod . thing be fall into place now . nomi ( cont ' D ) look , I believe thing happen for a reason . call it fate , karma , whatever you want -- but there 's no way we path crossing be just blind luck . I need you help , blaze . blaze just so you understand what you be ask , this thing inside I -- I can not control it . it just come out . and when it do , it 's like I be a prisoner in my own body . there 's no reason with it . it do not have a conscience . it do not even have a personality . it 's just a -- ( searching ) -- hunger . nomi you be look for starke . I be look for my kid . we find one , we will find the other . blaze and then --? 35 . continued : nomi ( pointedly ) and then I do not care about the rest . CUT to : a powerful dust STORM rage full force . blind dust and debris batter close store front . roof sheet tear away , street lamp rattle , hapless local struggle to get indoors . a lone coyote lope through the havoc , trot purposefully against the wind , dodging car , ducking fly board and plank . the animal pass under a sign : " howardsville car rent " . close on a man' mouth lupine . carnivorous . speak into a payphone handset . man be she comfortable ? be you feed she properly ? voice ( filter ) she 's alright , I guess . quiet . back to the coyote run between row of rental car . man do she know where you be take she ? voice I think she 's figure it out . man and how do she feel about that ? voice how the hell should I know ? ext . wheatfield - dawn carrigan pace the edge of a billow wheatfield , wire to he cell phone . Dawn peek over the horizon . in the distance , we see landsdale and odell wait with rain . ( CC �i :: lace ) 36 . continued : carrigan I be not a psychologist . she 's a fuck freak , alright ? always have be . sooner I get she out of my sight , the better . the coyote approach the phone booth situate beside the rental office . Inside the booth , the man be half - see . man she 's the most important thing in you life , carrigan . make sure she arrive safely . ( beat ) and be careful . she will kill if she get the chance . the man hang up , turn to look at the coyote stare up at he . once again , we meet -- ambrose starke same sky - blue eye fleck with metal . starke and coyote stare at each other , indifferent to the storm raging around they - he start towards the rental office . int . lone STAR rent-a-car - day window rattle . the storm howl . a portly rental agent , jim petrowsky , be close up shop . he gather he papers , turn out the light . a tv on the counter be on : weatherman -- experience extraordinary condition . tornadoes blankete much of East Texas , with report of extensive damage and gust of up to seventy mile per hour -- as pecrowsky turn off the tv , we hear the door chime . starke enter , bring a strong gust of wind with he . petrowsky sorry , guy , I be just close up . starke look to a clock on the wall -- it 's 4:55 . starke accord to the hour post outside , you be still open . {_ .:d , nt7ni , =d ) 37 . continued : petrowsky ( exasperated ) look , mister , in case you have not notice , there 's a storm come -- tornado , whatever . I be try to get out of here . starke fix petrowsky with a stern gaze . starke I would like to rent a car -- ( read petrowsky 's name tag ) -- " Jim " . something in starke 's tone give petrowsky pause . he glance to the window and the grow storm beyond . we see the coyote out there , watch from across the way . petrowsky ( relenting ) okay , alright , have a seat . starke sit . petrowsky move behind he desk . petrowsky ( cont 'd ) now , Mr. --? starke starke . first name , ambrose . petrowsky ( type in the name ) starke , okay . what kind of car be you look for ? starke pick up a laminate placard feature various car . starke what about the cadillac deville ? I notice you have one in you lot outside . petrowsky sorry , already speak for . how `bout a full - size car ? I can give you a chevy malibu , Ford Taurus -- starke deliberate . outside , the storm seem to grow stronger . petrowsky shift in he seat , try to mask he impatience . be he observant enough , he might also notice that the wall clock have stop . ( c:� vt=`7 : , ' - ' ) 38 . continued : ( 2 ) petrowsky ( cont ' D ) you want the Taurus ? give you a good deal , mid-size price . $ 37.99 a day , can not beat that . starke I have my heart set on the cadillac , Jim . petrowsky ( annoyed now ) caddy 's take . now look , I be try to be accommodate here , but I really be in a hurry . so what 's it go to be ? another beat as starke stare petrowsky down . gradually , the light in the office begin to dim . starke the Taurus , then . petrowsky great . can I see a driver 's license ? starke reach into he jacket , hand over a license . petrowsky type in the require information , try to ignore the vague feel of uneasiness settling over he . petrowsky ( cont ' D ) how many day do you need it for ? starke two , three -- petrowsky any other driver ? starke no . petrowsky and you will be pay by --? starke Cash . petrowsky I will need a three hundred dollar deposit . starke nod , remove a money clip from he jacket , deftly slide out three crisp , brand - new hundred dollar bill . ( CO N TI N U E D /) 39 . continued : ( 3 ) petrowsky ( cont ' D ) what about refueling ? ( off starke ' 's look ) we have get three option . you can purchase a full tank in advance , you can fill it up yourself before you return it , or you can have we do it , but then we have to charge you four dollar a gallon . most people go for the tank in advance . less hassle . starke I will do it myself . petrowsky okey-dokey . petrowsky enter the final data , hit " print " . as the rental agreement begin feed out , we hear a horn fionk . starke turn . a mini-van have pull up outside . a mousy woman sit behind the wheel . a boy sit in the back seat . the coyote be still there , but it pay no attention to they . starke Mrs. petrowsky ? petrowsky yeah . petrowsky slide the agreement to starke , take out a pen : petrowsky ( cont ' D ) here you go . just you standard rental agreement . you get up to 150 mile a day for free , twenty cent a mile after that . if you want additional personal accident insurance it 's five dollar a day , another nine - ninety - nine if you want the loss / damage waiver . you basic rental rate , plus applicable state and local tax . you just need to initial here , here , and here -- ( indicate various item ) -- and give I you John hancock on the line right here . petrowsky offer starke a pen . he do not take it . instead , he pull out a pair of bifocal . with agonizing slowness , starke begin to peruse the rental agreement . petrowsky ( cont ' D ) be there a of oblem --? 40 . continued : ( 4 ) starke the price you quote be $ 37 ,99 , the mid - size rate . but you have list the daily rate here as $ 62.99 . petrowsky I do ? starke turn the agreement around for petrowsky to see . petrowsky ( cont 'd ) geez , I be sorry , you be absolutely right . that 's the caddy rate . guess I enter it in by mistake -- starke look up at petrowsky over the rim of he bifocal , the timbre of he voice take on a decidedly frigid turn . starke be you try to cheat I , Jim ? petrowsky no , no , not at all -- starke then I would like a new contract specify the appropriate rate . petrowsky squirm , uncomfortable . for in that pregnant moment , without either participant uttering at word , the entire nature of the transaction seem to have change . petrowsky look , can not we just go with the contract we have get here ? I will make a note of it and knock a day 's rental off the total when you return it . what do you say ? starke I say the Devil 's in the detail . ext . lone STAR rent-a-car - day crash ! petrowsky fly through the plate glass window . he land on the concrete , stunne , bleed from multiple laceration . he try to sit up , but he right arm be break , horribly mangle . petrowsky ( gasp , in shock ) Jesus -- Jesus -- 41 . continued : woman ( v.0 . ) there have be time in my life when the world seem so hateful and vindictive that I just want to die -- helen petrowsky bolt from the mini-van . the boy watch as he mother rush to she husband 's side . helen Jim ?! Jim , what happen ?! petrowsky clutches at he wife 's arm , try to speak . a shard of glass have penetrate he larynx . petrowsky -- h-helen -- get -- a-- away -- petrowsky 's eye widen in horror . helen follow he gaze woman ( v.0 . ) certain twist of that fate feel like nothing more than God 's spite . starke stride towards they , he face a veil of unmerciful contempt . the dust storm have take on biblical proportion , whipping and roiling around he , become a extension of he fury . he snatch helen up by the throat , snap she neck with inhuman strength , fling she lifeless body to the ground -- then he bring he boot heel down on petrowsky 'shead . crush it like a _aashell . woman ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it be obvious to I that I would do something wrong . Broken some secret rule know only to him . and as such , would be punish for my sin -- starke turn now , regard the mini-van . the boy be nowhere in sight . he approach , look inside . the boy have fle . ext . rental car lot - day we be low on the ground , tracking with the terrify Boy as he squirm he way beneath the car . he pause , nervous . boy' Pov ( beneath car ) look right , then leave . no sign of starke . the Boy shudder , truing to stifle he sniveling . then -- ( c^r�-_nce2 ) 42 . continued : woman ( v.0 . ) but I have it all wrong . and I see that now , with such clarity I sometimes feel my heart will break -- the coyote appear , creep along a parallel aisle . it pause , lowering its snout , peer at the boy from afar . the Boy freeze . footstep approach . he squirm around for a better view -- boy' Pov ( beneath car ) we see starke 's boot heel a few dozen yard away , gradually close in on the car beneath which the Boy hide . the Boy shut he eye . the footstep draw closer , then stop . the Boy open he eye . starke 's hoot be just a arm 's length away . woman ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) there 's a world out there that 's neither right nor wrong . neither kind nor cruel . Fair or unfair . it simply be .. existing in all it 's bliss and pain . a hand slip under the body of the car . butit 's not a human hand . it 's the hand of a beast -- blackandtwisted , talone . with a sudden movement , the hand flipsthecar up , send the enter vehicle spiraling into theair . the Boy lie there , expose like a bug beneath a upturn rock . he look up -- woman ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and what seem like cruel fate be really only nature , red in tooth and claw . the boy' Pov we see a brief flash of starke . no longer a human silhouette , but a snarling , lupine beast . the trickster . the Black dog. rushing towards we with open jaw as we -- CUT to : ext . badland - dawn a hummer race along a desolate stretch of highway , pass through a inhospitable landscape of butte , mesa , and cacti . 43 - int . hummer - dawn carrigan drive . landsdale ride shotgun , doze . odell be in back with rain , she hand tightly bound . she keep to herself , clutching she skeleton doll , stare out at the pass landscape . odell offer she a bag of chip . odell want some food , kid ? rain do not respond . odell rustle the bag . odell ( cont 'd ) c'mon . eat a chip or something . carrigan she 's not gonna eat , odell . just shut up and get some sleep . odell I can not sleep . every time I close my eye , I see the face of that thing , Lloyd burning -- ( shaking he head ) -- Christ . carrigan just put it out of you head . odell if I could put it out of my head , I would not be awake now , would I ? landsdale stir . carrigan gesture at the barren landscape . carrigan look out there , what do you see ? landsdale Dick . carrigan that 's right . mile and mile of nothing . and there 's a lot of weird shit run around in that nothing . how many people you know see a ufo , huh ? ten ? twenty ? Hell , it 's on every goddamn paper at the supermarket . you believe that shit , the whole country 's be overrun by that bug-ey motherfucker . ( can " : NC , '. - ) 44 . continued : landsdale ( nodd , eye close ) probe you in the ass , they get the chance . odell what 's you point , Mr. serling ? carrigan my point be ; everybody 's see somethina . ghost , alien , bigfoot , whatever -- odell this be not no freaking bigfoot ! you see what it do to albright ? punched he head clean off ! carrigan look , I do not know what that thing be . all I know be , starke 's pay we a butt - load of money to deliver the kid to he . we be tell we would see thing and we be tell to look the other way . you want to cut out ? I will pull over right here . landsdale keep you shirt on , B . we do not come this far just to limp home with nothing . right , odell ? odell settles back into he seat , uneasy . odell I guess . but I would still like to know what that thing be . rain he 's the ghost Rider . everybody look at she . it 's the first thing she 's say . carrigan ( chuckling ) " the ghost Rider " ? get that off the back of a oakridge boy album or something ? you think that shit scare I ? rain it should . he 's go to kill you all . odell ( freaking out ) see ? sie ? ! ( more ) ( co. jt N =i ) 45 . continued : ( 2 ) odell ( cont ' D ) that 's what I be talk about ! Fucking chatty Cathy sit back here with I ! carrigan glance in the rear-view mirror , make eye-contact with rain , do he level - best not to be spook . CUT to : ext . black hill - highway - day one hundred mile - per-hour plus . whip around to see -- blaze and nomi , riding they cycle . up ahead be a postal truck . blaze honk , wave to the driver . he 's get a postcard in he hand . he hand it to the driver through the open door , then decrease he speed , fall back alongside nomi . as they scream over a hill , we see the White buffalo indian casino and Lodge in the distance . nomi I do not like this . I spend the last six year try to forget this place . blaze you get any idea where billy - Ray might be head ? nomi no -- blaze then we should start with where he 's be . int . indian casino - day a chime cacophony . acre of penny slot and video poker . roulette wheel clatter . blackjack table spin . blaze and nomi weave they way through the maze . blaze you husband use to work here ? nomi billy - Ray deal blackjack , poker . worked the casino circuit . we meet in Vegas . thing kind of go downhill after that . rodenburg ( o.s. ) get a lot of nerve show you face here again . 46 . continued : they turn . Chief of Security , vince rodenburg ( 30 , full - - or - himself ) , storm towards they , flanke by two security goons . nomi believe I , Vince , this be the last place I want to be . but we need to find billy - Ray . he take rain . rodenburg sorry ' the deal man have not be back in week . ( gesture for they to leave ) you have a nice day now . nomi but you must have talk to he . do you know where he 's head ? just tell I that . rodenburg what be I ? his babysitter ? I do not know where he be , nome , and if I do , I sure as hell would not be tell you . ( look to the other guard ) show this two ass-hole to the door . blaze look , this be important . we be talk about a kidnap . rodenburg ( size blaze up ) we be ? and who be ? blaze I be just a friend . rodenburg ri h to nomi tell you what a blue ribbon slut she be ? do anything to support that needle habit of hers . Truth , ' bout the only person that have not have she around here be I . blaze step forward now , angry , threaten . blaze that 's enough . ro denburg what , you gonna get all Steven segal on I , tough guy ? pull a fuck glimmer man ? 47 . continued : ( 2 ) blaze move , twist rodenburg 's arm like rope , wrench he thumb backwards , slam rodenburg face - first into one of that plexiglas booth where people dive for dollar . the goons pull they piece . blaze just up the pain . rodenburg ( cont 'd ) -w-w--wait !! ! ( in agony , grimace ) -- oh , fuck , just wait a second -- the goons hesitate . customer stare . blaze seethes . blaze I need you to understand something , Vince . I be , by nature , a inherently violent man and there 's not much in the way of bad that I have not already inflicted on this miserable world -- ( apply even more pressure ) so unless the idea of learn to drive a wheelchair with you mouth sound appeal , I suggest you apologize to my friend and tell we where the fuck billy - ray be head ! rodenburg I do not know ! I do not know -- blaze give rodenburg 's thumb a savage twist . rodenburg ( cont 'd ) arrrghh ! h-he be -- nah -- up at they old house , last night ! blaze and ? rodenburg and I be sorry -- I be fuck sorry ! blaze release he . as the goons close in , blaze deftly relieving goon # 1 of he handgun and turn it back on he . blaze think about it . the goons relent . blaze and nomi exit , leave rodenburg slump on the floor , cradling he mangle hand . CUT to : 48 . ext . tract home - dusk a swath of cheap housing , part - finish , mostly abandon , back - bone a steep bluff that overlook the casino . blaze and nomi dismount they bike . she stare at a particularly ramshackle house . wind whip . Dead leave blow . a rusting swing - set twist and creak . nomi never think I would be back here . they pass cautiously through the front yard . nomi 's pickup be park nearby . the front door bang back and forth . nomi pull a revolver from she waist -band . blaze I think they be go . off nomi 's look , blaze point at tire track in the dirt . blaze ( cont 'd ) dual track . look like you old man switch to a hummer . int . carrigan' house - dusk window pane rattle . the light do not work . blaze and nomi pick they way through food container and discard detritus . blaze ( cont 'd ) guess the boy campe out for a while . the live room Dead leave twirling . one whole side of the room be burn open , blacken and char , the remain timber seal with plastic sheet . nomi open a drawer , rifle through singe papers -- find a old photo of she and carrigan . nomi listen , that thing Vince say -- blaze you do not have to explain yourself to I . nomi some of they be true . blaze do not make you a bad person . 49 . continued : nomi nod , but she 's clearly agitate . blaze crouch , trace he finger over a stain on the wall . he can feel something . he shut he eye , open they -- blaze' Pov ( the past ) the room , many year earlier . carrigan backhand nomi across the face . the silent moment be catch in motion so slow it 's virtually a tableau . back to the present blaze ( cont 'd ) he use to hit you . a statement , not a question . she nod . int . carrigan' house - bedroom - night nomi be reluctant to enter . blaze be inside , sees she hesitation -- she 's stare at the bed . nomi you can see the past ? blaze just echoe , sometimes . ( beat ) tell I about starke . nomi hesitates , not want to relive this . nomi I be die . I would shot myself full of billy 's best gear . figure I would teach he a lesson and go out in style . blaze nod , but he do not see nomi now . he sees -- blaze' Pov ( the past ) -- nomi as she be . a inch away from eternity . she be lie on the bed , stare upwards , shallow breath - above she , a moth flutter by a light , casting distort shadow . blaze ( v.o. ) but it feel like a mistake . nomi on the bed ( whisper ) I do not want to die . ( continued ) 50 . continued : the light begin to dim . we hear footstep approach , mute and distort , a shadow fall across nomi -- starke stand above she . there be other shadow drift in behind he . thing better leave half - glimpse . coyotes . beast . nomi ( v.o. ) he smile and say -- as starke start to speak , we hear : blaze' voice " you look like -- back to the present blaze finish the phrase , know the punch - line too well . blaze -- you could use some help . " nomi nod , hug herself . nomi and I take it . what else be I go to do ? I do not know what happen after that . I be not sure I ever want to -- ( beat , struggle ) all I know be , nine month later , rain be bear . flashback image Silent , disjoint . the moth . nomi 's face , terror-stricken . starke , eye alight with malice and mischief . back to the present nomi turn away , try to banish the memory . nomi ( cont 'd ) billy - Ray hate she from the moment she be bear . he know she be not he , know she be different -- ( be : the char timber ) if I do not leave he would have kill we both . ( ccntinued ) 51 . continued : ( 2 ) flashback image nomi strike back at billy - Ray with a break bottle . setting the house ablaze . back to the present nomi pull out a cigarette , nervously light it . nomi ( cont 'd ) be run ever since . in my heart , I guess I know starke would be come for she one day . blaze why send billy - Ray after you ? nomi sick irony , I guess . billy certainly know all my haunt -- ( shaking she head ) this be a mistake , blaze . we be not go to find anything here . blaze glance down -- a heat haze have engulf he hand . he clenches he fist , look up -- blaze guess again . -- as headlight shine through one of the window . somebody 's drive up to the house . int . carrigan' house - live room - night blaze and nomi creep towards the front door . a handful of vehicle be pull up out front . the man disembark . it 's rodenburg , finger splint , pack heat . he 's return with reinforcement : oswalt , doyle , weingrod and pennebaker . blaze and nomi make they way to the laundry room and the rear entrance -- but doyle and oswalt have already circle around back . nomi ( whispering ) shit , they have get we trap here . blaze ( fatalistic ) no. they be the one who be ring die blaze reach for the door handle , open it -- ( continued ) 52 . continued : nomi what be you --? ext . carrigan' house - back porch - night -- and step out to meet they tormentor . rodenburg and the other be there now too . rodenburg be grin . rodenburg talk - to billy - Ray , chief . do not know who you a be - e , but you pick the wrong -- blaze struggle to contain the ghost Rider , but he whole body be drench in sweat now -- like he 's go to spontaneously combust at any moment . blaze please . just tell we where they go and leave . there 's no reason why you have to die . rodenburg laugh , look at he friend in disbelief . rodenburg I be gonna die ? me? buddy , you get you head screw on bass - ackward ! rodenburg fire into blaze 's chest -- once , twice . blaze stumble back against the porch . as he fall , rodenburg mount the step , charge in after nomi . int . carrigan' house - various - night nomi run -- but weingrod dive through the plastic sheet in the hall , cut she off . he slam she against the wall , twist she arm behind she back . rodenburg appear behind they . together , he and pennebaker drag nomi towards the bedroom . they shove nomi onto the bed . rodenburg have to come back here , do not you , nomi ? just could not leave well enough alone . nomi struggle to sit up . rodenburg laugh viciously , force she back , drag at she jeans . ext . carrigan' house - back porch - night doyle wait on guard duty , bored , when suddenly -- ( continued ) 53. continued : blaze sit up . he look to doyle , tear of FIRE stream from he eye . as he stand , he chest wound ignites , the flame instantly cauterize the flesh . he 's suddenly engulf in a heat haze . Wood smolder all around he . doyle back away , terrify . he fire he gun again and again , but the bullet just punch through blaze , create more flame hole - int . carrigan' house - bedroom - night rodenburg stop mid-assault . nomi breathes fearfully , hold down at gunpoint by pennebaker . we hear scream , the whistling wind , the crackle of FIRE . int . carrigan' house - back porch - night doyle rush in from the porch , look back -- blaze keep on come , unstoppable . he step / burn he way through the screen door , leave a trail of burning footprint in he wake . as he walk down the hall , the heat stream off of he blister and curl the wallpaper . doyle back away , stumble -- and blaze be upon he , lift doyle up , grip he by the throat . doyle p-please -- blaze I be sorry . soul , the fire expand , engulf doyle . int . carrigan' house - bedroom - night rodenburg buckle he pants , go to the doorway , peer cautiously into the passage beyond . rodenburg be Pov : flaming leave burn and twirl at the far end . firelight flicker . the scream still come , sporadic and terrible . rodenburg 's mind be racing . he motion to pennebaker , who drag nomi off the bed and strong - arm she to the door . 54 . int . carrigan' house - hallway - night rodenburg lead , gun ready . rodenburg doyle ? smoke and crackling noise be building rapidly . the shriek persist , and that burn leave be everywhere . then -- --- movement in the live room ! rodenburg draw a bead but it 's weingrod , push through the plastic sheet , fearful , eye darting . he speak in a strain whisper . weingrod what 's go on , man ? where 's oswalt ? gunfire ! outside ! crash ! something hit the house . then more scream , more gunfire , and a rumble so deep it 's deadly . pennebaker panic , push past rodenburg . pennebaker I want out of here , I be get out ! rodenburg keep you fuck voice down ! weingrod he 's burn the house , man ! he 's burning the -- red -hot chain whip viciously around weingrod 's head and torso . then he 's wrench backwards , haul straight through the plastic sheet -- the ghost rider burst through the melting plastic , haul he red-hot monster bike up on its back wheel -- rodenburg and pennebaker run for they life , fall into the fire - light passage . the ghost Rider screech across the live room , set the place aflame as he pass through . nomi leap aside as a sheet of fire burn where she be , sees the fiery monster crash straight through the wall -- rodenburg and pennebaker run through the flame , stumbling over doyle 's char body -- 55 . ext . carrigan' house - night they burst out the front door , clothes alight , racing across the yard towards they vehicle . rodenburg look back -- the ghost Rider explode through the front of the house , skid to a halt , flick out a chain -- and snag rode burg ankle . he fall , scream . the chain retract -- pennebaker reach he vehicle , struggle with the door - theghost Rider thrust a claw hand outward , clenchesthe air and haul it back in . like a explosion in reverse , 4,11 fire be suck violently back into he hellish be . a freeze moment . all terrify eye on the ghost Rider then he let rip . hurl the energy back out as a torus of white hot fire that expands across the yard , blast rodenburg 's shirt from he back , smashes pennebaker against he vehicle -- the vehicle explode , gas tank rupture . pennebaker be blow to piece . rodenburg scream , shield he face . Fire and debris rain down in every direction . the ghost Rider loom over he . more accurately , it 's -- ghost blaze half man , half monster , he pitiless skull - face haze and flicker between human and inhuman state . ghost blaze where be they take the girl ? rodenburg whimper . ghost blaze grab rodenburg 's hair , wrench he head back . ghost blaze ( cont 'd ) where . are_ they . take . her ? rodenburg ( beyond terrified ) North ! they be head North , into Oregon , oh , god , fuck -- ghost blaze where ? rodenburg I do not know exactly , Jesus , I do not know ! ( continued ) 56 . continued : blue- white fire flood down blaze 's arm and engulf rodenburg . the poor man scream , struggle to break free -- aze simply crrow otte ana ac and the ghost Rider 's evil countenance submerges every trace of blaze 's humanity . then it 's over . the flame evaporate . rodenburg 's corpse crumble to dust . wind howl . the ghost Rider be go . on blaze he sees the corpse , the burn vehicle , try to deny the horror . but it 's always the same -- another swath of destruction leave in he wake , another righteous atrocity . nomi he tell you everything he know . she 's ten yard away , shaking . not go to come any closer . nomi ( cont 'd ) told you everything -- ( beat ) -- you do not have to do that . blaze you ask for my help . I warn you what you be get into . more a statement than a excuse . there be police siren on the wind . blaze start walk towards the pickup . CUT to : ext . motel - night a sub-par motel 6 . nomi 's batter pickup be park outside . we hear blaze 's torture moan come from within . int . motel room - night blaze sit in a chair , shirt off , nomi at he side . she 's try to help he patch up he wound , but the enormity of the damage and the sheer amount of blood be daunt . nomi I do not -- I do not know what else to do for you -- ( continued ) 57 . continued : blaze s'okay -- just need to rest now -- ( gasping ) -- wound ' 11 be heal by morning . nomi stand , still shake . she retrieve a cigarette from she purse , light it . nomi I think you be dead . blaze ( consider he wound ) I do not even know if it 's that 's a option anymore . every time I get close , I feel myself be drag back -- ( breathe through the pain ) -- it 's like be bear all over again . like every law in the universe be be break . blaze sit forward , gritting he tooth against the pain . blaze ( cont 'd ) see , the ghost Rider -- it 's draw to darkness like a bloodhound . if it think you have sin , it will find you . nomi what if you be innocent ? blaze nobody 's innocent . ( beat , stare at she ) think about it . everyone 's do somethincr . you. I -- blaze lift up the coyote coin , flipping it over he finger . blaze ( cont 'd ) every night I spin this fuck coin -- and it always land the same side up . I keep think -- ona time , one time I be go to spin it and I will see the other face . sleep through the night without get blood on my hand . but it never happen . ( shaking ) there 's always some sad motherfucker out there that need retribution , vengeance -- ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) blaze fling the coin away in disgust . it spin , wobble , land coyote side up . he laugh tiredly , then look away , lose , suddenly overcome with emotion . blaze ( cont ' D ) I be just so fuck tired -- nomi move to he side , struggle to help he up . nomi here , why do not you lie down for a little while ? blaze nod , too tired to argue . nomi half carry he to the bed , lower he down . blaze settles back , exhaust . nomi watch he , hold vigil . his eye grow heavy . he shut they a moment , open they again -- the past -- and it 's roxanne who be lay beside he now . she roll over to face he , smile sleepily . blaze reach for she , touch she face -- and the moment shatter into violence . a collision of image -- the El camino slide , spin over . Metal rending . -- rain patter on break , bloody wreckage . roxanne 's tear seat belt hang loosely . -- climb out through the blow - out windshield . crawl in mud , blaze 's face reflect in break glass . -- cradling roxanne 's body in he arm , rock she and -- the present wham ! blaze bolt up in bed , disorient , shake . clearly , some time have pass . nomi sit across the room now , hold blaze 's tatter photograph in she hand , look a little guilty . she 's get the paper wedding band which blaze make for roxanne too . ' blaze what be you do ? nomi I be sorry , I just -- ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 3 ) as blaze stand , we see that he wound have heal . - he shrug on a shirt , approach . nomi nod to the paper wedding band . nomi ( cont 'd ) you must have love she a lot . blaze do not answer . just take the photo and wedding band from she , shove they back in he pack . he pull out one of the postcard , scribbles a address on it . blaze what time be it ? nomi a little after three . blaze what time , exactly ? nomi 3:27 . why ? blaze ignore she , jot down the time . lick a stamp and put it on the postcard . leave it on the dresser . nomi ( cont 'd ) what be it with you and that postcard , anyway ? blaze they be just a kind of record . ( haul up he pack ) let 's go . int . pickup - drive - night blaze and nomi drive . outside , the landscape pass , bug twirling and spattering against the windshield like snowflake . memory flash roxanne in the hospital , serene and beautiful . starke hand blaze the coin . nomi you make a deal . blaze nod . nomi ( cont 'd ) so what happen ? do she live ? ( continued ) 60 . continued : blaze roxanne ? yeah , she 's alive . she just do not know it . ( off nomi ' 's look ) coma . probably never wake up . nomi so he trick you . blaze ( a tired laugh ) that 's what he do , do not he ? she nod . that 's what he do . nomi ( almost afraid to ask ) what about the baby ? blaze just shake he head . blaze it 's funny . that kid be suppose to be my second chance . rox and I use to talk about it -- how thing would be different after she be bear . nomi do not expect he honest vulnerability . nomi maybe that 's why we have they blaze what , kid ? nomi ( nodding ) so we can make amend for all the royal fuck - up we have perpetrate on the world . God know I have have my share . ( beat , pain ) I just do not want she to have to pay for the thing I have do . you know ? blaze nod . he know all too well . he and nomi drive on in silence for a beat , they thought turn inwards . nomi ( cont 'd ) can I ask you something ? honestly ? ( off blaze 's nod ) what be you go to do when you find starke ? ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 2 ) blaze make he pay , somehow -- ( uncertain ) I do not know . how do you beat the Devil ? walk up and bitch - slap he ? pretend you be schwarzenegger and fire a bazooka up he hind ass ? I be basically make this up as I go along . nomi smile . nomi I be sure you will figure something out . CUT to : int . carrigan' hummer - travelling - night -- rain look out through the truck 's moon roof , watch star pass overhead . as the sky above slowly brighten in time - lapse , rain 's eye grow lidd . she sleep , clutching she skeleton toy and -- int . carrigan' hummer - travelling - day -- waking sunlight flood the cabin . New shift . odell drive . rain ride shotgun . carrigan and landsdale be sack out in back . the radio drone , lace with static . tedium . no one sleep well . carrigan stare out at the pass plain , expertly cut a deck of card one-hand . he sees a scarecrow go by , stand rag in the middle of nowhere . then he cell phone ring . carrigan flip it open -- carrigan yeah ? base on he facial expression , the news be not good . he sigh , disconnect the call . landsdale cock a eyebrow . carrigan ( cont 'd ) rodenburg 's dead . oswalt , weingrod , all that other inbred loser too . ( off landsdale 's look ) look like my ex-bitch have hook up with the fire guy -- in the rear-view mirror , odell 's eye grow wide . odell no fuck way -- carrigan ponder , nod to landsdale . ( continued ) 62 . continued : carrigan we be go to need reinforcement , some kind of escort to the meet . landsdale I know a guy . get some boy give over to wickedness and such . carrigan ( toss he the phone ) make the call . rain ( 0.5 . ) he will find I , you know . her voice make odell jump . he think she be asleep odell ( fretful , plead ) billy -ray -- carrigan ( to rain , lean forward ) hey , kiddo , you be worry my boy here . so shut you goddamn mouth -- rain you can not tell I what to do . you be not my father . wow . the truck collectively hold its breath . carrigan settles back , but he 's piss . carrigan you better believe that , sweetheart . I be just the dumb -ass that finance you whole fuck life . you and you mother both . and what do I get for that selfless act of stupidity ? she burn down the house and give I something to remember she by . he 's refer to the scar under he eye . rain turn away . huddle against the door . landsdale believe I , I could care less what starke want with you . make you into a fuck hood ornament if he want to . it 's not like you come spring out of my loin . only thing I care about now be get what 's mine , and that 's -- ( more ) ( continued ) 63. continued : ( 2 ) landsdale ( cont 'd ) ( count on he finger ) -- payment and retribution , get it ? she 's not listen . her bound hand be secretly push down into the tight gap between the seat and the door . on rain' finger extend towards a pen , one inch out of reach , catch between the seat mechanism and the door sill . rain' eye be flutter . extreme concentration . the pen levitate , tilt into she outstretch hand . the radio squeal painfully , pure strident static . odell punch a new station , but the static continue , grow -- rain attack , stabbing the pen into odell 's thigh . he scream , slam the brake , lose control of the truck -- ext . highway / cornfield - day the hummer barrel off the road , slam down hard into a concrete culvert . without miss a beat , rain be out and away , plunging into the cornfield . carrigan and landsdale bolt after she , gun draw -- on rain , weaving between the stalk . she reach a old farm implement , use one of the rusting blade to see through she tape binding . then she 's up again , run -- on carrigan and landsdale search high and low . carrigan sees movement to he right , surge forward -- -- but rain jig leave and carrigan miss she , trip over the farm implement instead . he cut himself , curse -- rain continue , straight ahead now . carrigan motion to landsdale . the two split up , drift in different direction . they be gain on she -- back to rain , lose ground . she spy a rock , scoops it up -- and smashes across C rr_gan 's face ! ( continued ) 64 continued : carrigan fall , drop the gun . he search for it , desperate . then he sees it . but as he reach for it -- -- rain extend she hand , concentrate , eye flutter -- whoosh ! the gun spin away from carrigan , into rain 's hand . she do not hesitate for a second - blam !- first shot wing carrigan , knock rain on she ass . carrigan dive for cover .. she fire wildly -- click - click -click -- but then the gun be spend and -- -- landsdale emerge through the corn , bag rain with he coat . as a shake carrigan get to he foot , landsdale slip he belt out of he pants and bind rain tightly . ext . highway - day carrigan and landsdale return to the hummer , which be still nose down in the culvert . landsdale carry rain under he arm , tightly wrap , no longer struggle . odell sit on the hood , daub the bloody wound in he leg with a handkerchief . he sees carrigan 's wound . odell man , she shot you ? ( off carrigan 's nod , disbelief ) Jesus . lucky she do not perforate my ballsack with that fuck pen . carrigan ( re : hummer ) what 's the damage ? odell mount be crack , tran - axle 's shot to hell -- ( shaking he head ) -- this baby be not goin ' nowhere . carrigan fuck . ma. carrigan fume , glance at rain -- then he just snap , start angrily kick at the door . after a few futile moment , he stop , pace , look to landsdale . carrigan ( cont 'd ) we be go to need a place where we can hole up `til tomorrow . wait for that boy of yours . ( continued ) 65 . continued : landsdale how `bout up there ? landsdale point past carrigan at a squat group of building and machinery -- a shut - down rock quarry in the distance . ext . quarry - front gate - day from a distance , we watch as landsdale approach a guardhouse with a empty gas can . a guard open the electric gate , step out to help . landsdale pistol - whip he , drag he limp body in through the gate . int_ quarry office - dusk the Guard slouches in a corner , bound and gag . landsdale and odell lounge nearby , keep a watchful eye on rain . carrigan pace by a window , nervously cut he deck of card one-hand . he 's watch the shadow lengthen outside , the set sun . he look to rain , who match he gaze -- creepy eye penetrate he brain . carrigan ( to landsdale , anxious ) where the fuck be that man of yours ? landsdale do not worry . they be on they way . carrigan nod , cut he card . he j worried . CUT to : ext . highway - dusk / night the abandon hummer in the culvert . a gang of crow tear a lizard apart . dusk time -lapse into night . star . after a time , nomi 's pickup come racing past . blaze be drive , crane to see the pass wreck . he pull over onto the shoulder . blaze and nomi climb out , approach the vehicle . nomi shine a flashlight , sees blood on the front seat . she gasp . blaze reach past she , touch the blood stain -- flash of the past chaotic and violent . rain attack odell . the hummer crash . the desperate race through the cornfield . ( continued ) 66 . continued : back to the present as blaze step away from the hummer , into the field . blaze she 's alive . nomi how do you know ---? but blaze be not listen . his gaze be now fixate on the distant light of the rock quarry . ext . field - night blaze and nomi crest a rise in the field , hunker down : there Pov : we can see the main compound of the quarry from here . landsdale be in view , have a smoke by the guardhouse . nomi you think she 's in there ? blaze nod . nomi ( cont 'd ) then let 's go -- nomi start forward , but blaze pull she back . blaze no . we will wait . ( pointedly ) Dawn 's less than a hour away . nomi ( take out she gun ) you wait . I be head in . blaze look , they be not go anywhere . nomi you do not know that . this be probably the best chance we will get . they be sit duck . we can do this if you -- blaze if I what ? burn they alive ? eat they spirit ? ( drawing closer ) ( continued ) 67 continued : blaze ( cont 'd ) you still get it , do you ? the ghost Rider whale on whoever 's get it come , but it 's johnny blaze that get to remember they face . and I lb remember they . every last one . just then , we hear the rumble of approach motorcycle . lot of they . blaze turn , sees a line of biker chugge up the service road on ratted - out harley . nomi they know we be come , do not they ? blaze nod . once again , fate be royally fuck he . nomi ( cont 'd ) I be go in . you with I or not ? ext . quarry compound - night landsdale open the main gate . the biker thunder into the compound -- low -rent Hell 's angel type cull form the shallow end of the gene pool know as the Gray gargoyle . arlo skinner , the gargoyle 's ceo , climb off he hog , adjust he nut -sack . as he approach landsdale . gunt and chester pulsifer , he identical twin lieutenant , fall in behind . arlo brotherman . landsdale arlo . arlo ( grinning ) I believe you know the pulsifer Brothers , Chester and gunt ? ext . quarry compound - elsewhere - night blaze and nomi scramble over a fence , then drop down , crouch - run to avoid a security camera . they hug the shadow . at least a dozen of the gargoyle be in view , loung around , shoot the shit . blaze I will find she . you stay here . nomi move to protest , but blaze silence she . ( continued ) 68 . continued : blaze ( cont 'd ) if thing go South and the ghost Rider take over , I can not guarantee he will not -- nomi I know . I be on my own . ( beat , more plaintive now ) , just bring she back to I . that 's all I care about . blaze ( nodding ) start disable the bike . last thing we need be a gang of piss - off speed freak on we tail . rip out all the coil wire --- blaze point to the motorcycle nearest he . nomi roll she eye and pull out a switchblade , deftly slice through a fuel line . gasoline leak onto the ground . blaze ( cont 'd ) ( chagrined ) -- or you could do that . as blaze creep away : nomi blaze -- ( as he turn back ) whatever happen -- blaze you be welcome . blaze leave . nomi start in on the other bike . int . quarry office - night arlo enter , accompany by the pulsifer Brothers . carrigan and landsdale be wait to meet they . arlo so you need some contract work ? carrigan a escort . we be make a delivery first thing tomorrow morning . arlo and will there be mayhem involved ? ( continued ) 69 . continued : carrigan yeah , I would say a certain amount of hijinx be likely to ensue . ext . quarry compound - office - night blaze move around the back of the compound . up ahead , two gargoyle be linger by a side entrance . int . quarry compound - office - night arlo take out a nail clipper , start trimming he fingernails . arlo well , I will tell you , I get nineteen brother out there willing to go the distance and enough firepower to give a small balkan nation a fuck titty - twister . but we do not come cheap . so how many man we go up against ? carrigan one . ext . quarry compound - side entrance - night whack ! blaze elbow gargoyle # 2 in the face . as the biker drop , we see that blaze have already disabled gargoyle # 1 . blaze quietly slip in through the door . ext . quarry compound - night nomi have work she way through a half - dozen bike now and a fair amount of gasoline have pool on the ground around she . int . quarry compound - office - night arlo look at carrigan , incredulous . arlo one man ? carrigan one man . arlo you try to diddle my nutpurse , mister ? carrigan absolutely not . lemme clarify thing -- 70 . int . quarry compound - hallway - night blaze sidle down the hallway , move as quietly as he can . we can hear the man talk in the office just next door . carrigan ( o.s. ) see , this guy 's not really a " guy " . he 's more like a demon or something . arlo ( 0 . S. ) a demon ? carrigan ( o.s. ) that 's right . arlo ( o.s. ) what , exactly , do you mean by demon ? blaze wince , lift a hand before he face -- blue flame dance over he fingertip . he lean against the wall for support . when he remove he hand , he leave a singe palm - print on the drywall . int . quarry compound - office - night arlo put the clipper away , start arrange the fingernails on the desk before he into a neat little pile . carrigan like he head 's on fire and shit . arlo laugh , the pulsifer follow suit . then arlo turn to landsdale , icy now . arlo brotherman , what in fuck 's name be this smooth faggot talk about ? int . quarry compound - corridor - night blaze exhales a wisp of blue flame , totally envelop in a bubble of heat . more than anything , he want to step inside , fully aflame . but he force himself to simply take a peek -- blaze' Pov ; the room , the man -- but no rain . land dale he 's tell the truth , arlo . the guy be not human . saw he torch albright and chudacoff with my own eye . ( continued ) 71 . - continued : back in corridor blaze press against the wall , desperately try to rein the ghost Rider in -- but footstep be come . a gargoyle be round ; c the corner ! int . quarry office - night gunt rip open he shirt , show a chest cover in tattoo . gunt well , I say bring he on . you see this ink ? that 's a hundred hour under the needle . a motherfuck canvas of pain . he and Chester here , we be not afraid of fuck -diddly ! int . quarry compound - corridor - night the gargoyle pass the doorway , light up a smoke . or try to . the flame from he Zippo be bend sideways . he try a couple more time . same thing . weird . on blaze hide in a dark alcove , struggle to contain himself . if the gargoyle turn he will surely see he . the gargoyle study the flame , then notice a OPEN window nearby . he shut it , light he cigarette , turn back -- b= blaze have move on . int . quarry office - night arlo settles back in he chair . arlo if this guy 's as lethal as you say he be , I want fifty for I , another fifty for the club . only you can not let the boy know we be takin ' a 50 k rake off the top , see ? carrigan how `bout sixty and I will throw in a kilo of coke ? arlo ( incredulous ) Coke ? that 's like sell snow to eskimos . you think I be some kind of crack -smoke foolio or something ? ( continued ) 72 . continued : carrigan ( sighing ) seventy , then . arlo reach into he shoulder - holster , whipping out a mean look nickel - plate colt 44 anaconda . arlo ninety , and not a nickel less , you fuck pillow - biter . int . quarry compound - another corridor - night blaze continue , agitate . where the fuck be the kid ? he look through a doorway , sees -- ten or more brutish gargoyle drink beer and clean they weapon . blaze drop back . his snarling face contort , start to assume that awful skullish quality . the ghost Rider want out . mow . but blaze fight , shove it back down and deep . something move to blaze 's right -- a tiny white figure , lolling and flopping at the far end of the passage . ext . quarry - compound - night nomi slice through another fuel line , inadvertently draw the attention of a gargoyle who be take a leak . he zip up he jeans , start towards she -- int . quarry office - night carrigan grin , try to calm the situation . carrigan E a sy , gentleman . no need to get all truculent on I . arlo truculent ? you get that out of a scrabble dictionary or something ? what the fuck do " truculent " mean ? ( grab carrigan by he shirt ) I will tell you what it mean . it mean fuck you ! 73. int . quarry compound - another corridor - night blaze stare , hypnotise , he face flicker from skull to flesh and back again . the tiny figure be rain 's skeleton doll , hold upright , unsteady , by some unseen force . that moment , elsewhere - rain' face extreme mental concentration . temple pound . her eye be flutter , roll to white . back to blaze as he start towards the toy skeleton . he 's in agony now , each breath a cough of fire , each footstep ignite the floorboard . he sees a storage room up ahead -- int . quarry office - night carrigan smile , seemingly unruffled by the gun . carrigan okay , alright -- how about seventy - five and we will smoke the old peace pipe ? arlo ( cock the anaconda ) how `bout eighty or you be gonna be smoking my dick ? int . quarry compound - storage room - night blaze enter , sees rain . he extend a hand to she -- and odell step out from behind the door where he would be hide , shotgun in hand . blaze shit . ext . quarry - compound - night nomi try to fall back into the shadow , but it 's too late . the gargoyle have spot she . he draw a Taurus pistol -- int . quarry compound - office - night -- and we hear a high - pitch beeping . arlo turn . arlo what be that ? ( continued ) 74 . continued : chester ( listening ) sound like a smoke alarm . glint ( wrinkling he noise ) smell like something 's burn . carrigan what - be this , fuck charade ?! it 's h , jm , you - ass-hole ! ext . quarry , compound - night a fireball erupt from the back of the building . the milling gargoyle spring into action . nomi take advantage of the distraction , stab the gargoyle nearest she in the thigh , bolt -- int . quarry compound - corridor - night carrigan and the other race out into the corridor even as odell rush from the storage room , a wave of FIRE on he heel . the ghost rider emerge second later , rain cradle in the crook of he arm , safe in a cool bubble of air . she look to carrigan . the meaning in she gaze be implicit : " I tell you so " . gargoyle appear from every direction . gun blaze . bullet turn - to slag , vaporize as they enter the ghost Rider 's aura of hellfire . rain drop from the ghost Rider 's arm , run . the ghost Rider advance . the gargoyle nearest he empty a machine pistol into the ghost Rider . the ghost Rider reach for the weapon . at he touch , the pistol become red hot -- the gargoyle cry out . the ghost Rider take the pistol , and fire back . the gargoyle stumble , claw at they smoking wound . in second , the entire weapon turn white hot , melting apart in the demon 's hand , sizzling away into nothing -- the ghost Rider keep come . Men be smashed aside , incinerate . bravado turn to terror , to chaotic scramble -- 75 . ext . quarry compound - night flame belch from every window . panic-stricken gargoyle try to start they bike -- and the bike detonate . one after the other ! crash ! nomi 's pickup barrel through the fence . she slalom through a gauntlet of flame , skid to a halt . she sees rain run towards she , throw open the passenger door -- nomi rain ! " rain make for the pickup , scramble inside even as -- the ghost rider stride from the burn ruin of the compound . with a wave of he hand , the wall of flame part like the Red Sea . he lock he gaze with nomi , point a skeletal finger at she . his meaning be clear : " you be on the list . " nomi floor the gas . the pickup slew and grind , find purchase , leap away from the monster as -- the pulsifer brother emerge from the building , burn but howling for blood , fuel by a lethal combination of stupidity and crystal mech . carrigan , landsdale , and arlo fall in behind . the ghost Rider move , whipping he red hot chain . Left , he lassos a pass gargoyle , burn he . right , another gargoyle , drag from he bike and reduce to ash . then two more lash to either side of the brother . two more victim reele in -- char corpse fall at the ghost Rider 's foot . the whole thing take three second . chester ( to gunt , nerve fail ) forget it , bro , live to fight another day . the ghost Rider slam he skeletal hand on the tank of a nearby bike . the bike glow red hot and change shape , get bigger , nastier , demonically slouched -- gunt no fuck way ! that 's my hog ! as the ghost Rider mount the newly transformed hellcycle , gunt charge forward , infuriate . he open FIRE with he mini- •un , .er. round a second . ( CD N , - _ 1 id ) 76 continued : move with uncanny speed , the ghost Rider grip gunt by the throat and haul he off he foot , unleash the full fury of he penance stare . a blast - wave of light erupt from the ghost Rider 's eye socket , engulf gunt . gunt shriek , he cry become infant- like ululation . arlo , carrigan , Chester , and the other instinctively shield they face , fall back from the infernal glow -- chester gunt ! on gunt , image from he own subjective hell assault he . tear stream down he cheek as he body ignites . his corneas be burn , melting . the ghost Rider start to accelerate now , from zero to sixty in a eye-blink , haul gunt 's writhe body along with he - straight into the burn building . int . quarry compound - night a juggernaut trajectory crash through wall after blaze wall . the ghost Rider skid to a halt , hurl gunt to the floor . sense someone behind he -- a FIRE extinguisher , blast the ghost Rider 's head . the ghost Rider squeal and for a split-second , the demon 's flame be actually snuffed out . the cloud clear . the ghost Rider glimpsis odell rush into another room , slamming a steel door behind . int . quarry - storage room - night odell pause in the darkness , hyperventilate . outside , we hear the heavy footfalls of the ghost Rider approach . int . quarry - hallway - night the ghost Rider place a skeletal hand against the steel door . his hand glow white hot , like a acetylene torch . the steel door begin to bubble and melt . 77 . int . quarry - storage room - night the door to the storage room liquefy , flow apart like molten lava . the ghost Rider step through and -- -- in the light cast by .he demon 's owe hand . odell realize that the room be stack with high explosive . CUT to : ext . highway - night nomi 's pickup race into the night . a distant fireball erupt hugely , engulf the quarry , set off a chain reaction of smaller explosion -- BA - boom -boom-b-b-boooom ! ext / int . nomi be pickup - night rain clutches at nomi , frantic , look back . rain what about the ghost Rider ? we have to go back for he ! nomi be you crazy ?! sit down ! then nomi glance in the rearview mirror . oh. my. god. the ghost rider be come after they . howling , plow through the inferno on he hellcycle . nomi floor the gas . but the pickup be already max out . the ghost Rider easily gain on the truck , leave a wake of burn asphalt . he lash out with he chain , snag the back bumper . the chain - link slice deep into the steel bodywork . the ghost Rider haul up onto he back wheel -- nomi slam on the brake . the truck fishtail . the ghost Rider rear-end the pickup . bike and demon cartwheel crazily into the cargo bed , slamming explosively against the back window of the cab . hot glass shower nomi and rain -- the ghost Rider be pin , squealing , entangle with he bike . nomi floor it again . the truck leap ahead -- -- but the ghost Rider hang on as he bike slide backwards . he reach into the cab , clutching at nomi . the pickup thunder up a rise -- ( continued ) 78 . continued : the ghost Rider 's skeletal finger clamp nomi 's shoulder . she howl in pain , she clothing beginning to smoke . rain try to help , implore -- rain no , no , no -- ext / int . nomi be pickup - day the truck make the rise -- and there 's the SUN , dawn huge and white . flaring mightily over the distant horizon . the ghost rider recoil , blind by the dawn . he release nomi , collapse backwards . his fire extinguish , he skull - face fade -- -- and blaze lie in the pickup bed , shaking . nomi glance back through the shattered cab window , she face a mask of fear and sympathy . blaze look to gunt 's bike , which have also revert to its original state , then sees -- blaze' Pov : the bad guy come on batter bike -- arlo , Chester , plus four other gargoyle . and bring up the rear , a seven ton mack dumper drive by carrigan . landsdale ride shotgun . blaze look to nomi , shout over the wind : blaze give I you gun ! nomi pass it back . the gargoyle OPEN FIRE . bullet zing and whine . blaze shove gunt 's cycle off the pickup bed the heavy wreck crash and bounce , waste the first gargoyle . the other swerve around the slide debris ext . intersection / highway - day nomi run a stop sign , slew across a rural intersection , pound the horn , swerving to avoid the crossing car -- a oncoming tanker truck brake , jack -knife . four gargoyle make it past , the fifth be flatten . the mack come last , smashing a pass minivan into a spin -- ( continued ) 79 . continued : angle on a gas station a state trooper , hide from view , hit he siren , give chase -- back to arlo and the other gargoyle gain , riddling the pickup with bullet . blaze be pin in the bed , can not get off a shot -- on chester pulsifer , hang back and riding one-hand . he heft a 66 mm law rocket on he shoulder , launch it -- near miss . but the impact lift the pickup 's rear axle into the air . nomi scream . blaze hang on for dear life . on carrigan , haul the mack alongside Chester -- carrigan ( yell from the cab ) the hell you do ? I need the kid alive !!! chester fuck the kid and fuck you !!! Chester aim the launcher again . carrigan swerve , crush Chester under the mack 's mighty wheel . the trooper car pull alongside the mack , siren wail . carrigan veer hard , force it into the oppose lane . up ahead : roadwork . the highway narrow to a single lane -- back to arlo and the gargoyle gain on the pickup , trading shot with blaze at ninety mile and hour . blaze wing one gargoyle , then plug another who lose control , cartwheel catastrophically , explode -- arlo zigzag the debris , gun he hog , scream closer . blaze fire but -- click , click , click -- he 's out ! ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) roadwork the pickup mow down barricade like domino , clip a hot tar cooker , spin spume of molten tar in all direction . highway worker run for they life . nomi smashes through barricade , leap a pile of rough gravel . blaze be nearly hurl out the bed , but hang on , shoulder scream -- a foreground worker operate a jackhammer fail to notice the careen pickup racing by , which - be , in turn , follow by arlo and -- the mack truck and the state trooper , ana necx at oofj2 Ann be i t 's over , end . back to scene arlo ride against nomi 's door , let rip with he uzi. Glass shatter . rain and nomi duck -- arlo try again , stick he uzi right into the cab . but nomi force the gun upwards . bullet puncture the roof , shell casing ricochet - in desperation , nomi reach for the door latch , kick she foot against the door . the door swing outward , take arlo along with it . up ahead be a concrete divider . nomi abruptly veer right , clipping arlo against the divider , kill he instantly . on blaze haul himself back into the pickup bed even as -- the mack bear down on they . landsdale jump from the cab , landing alongside blaze . the two man struggle in the cargo bed , hand to hand , exchange a volley of vicious blow . nomi be desperate , do not know what to do . landsdalp be get the upper hand . he grip blaze by the throat , force he over the side of the pickup bed , shove blaze 's head towards the churn wheel of the mack -- ( continued ) 81 . continued : ( 3 ) nomi ( to rain , plead ) do something !!! on rain , concentrate , focus all she energy on landsdale . she cry out , make a forceful hand gesture -- -- and landsdale 's glass shatter . he scream , blood pour from he eye . blaze roll , throw landsdale over he shoulder -- into the wheel of the mack . up ahead , a massive roadblock barricade , bulldozer , dozen of state police car . the pickup and the mack pass over a line of tire spike . the tire blow . the truck drop . Metal rim spark and grind -- nomi ( cont ' D ) hold on to something ! she brake . the pickup fishtail . carrigan also brake , struggle to keep the mack under control . then the mack catch a rim , flip , roll -- slow motion the roll mack plow into the roadblock , seven ton of iron crush cruiser and barricade alike . the pickup careen off the road , plunge into a cornfield , hit a rut , grind to a halt -- a series of dissolves the aftermath . trooper car slide to a halt . carrigan be drag from the mack at gun point , handcuff . armed troopers plunging into the cornfield , yelling . nomi fall out of the cab , find rain , unhurt , alive . she drag rain into the sea of corn . rain look back , sees -- blaze be surround by trooper , wrestle to the ground . CUT to : 82. int . county jail - day a cacophony of noise for the new meat . harden criminals banging they bar , shout as loud as they can . on blaze chain , cuffed , struggle with two deputy try to drag he to a cell . further up , carrigan be be similarly escort . blaze look to the face of he fellow prisoner , dread seize he body . blaze I have to talk to the warden . you have to put I someplace else -- deputy # 1 should have think of that before you pull that " duke of hazzard " stunt . blaze please , just listen to I . put I in solitary , anywhere but here . deputy # 2 this be not a fuck hotel , chief . blaze you do not understand , people will die -- whack ! a baton blow to the knee . blaze cry out , stagger -- deputy easy on the threat , big guy -- ( shout to door control ) number ten ! the cell door open . blaze struggle even more violently now . blaze do not put I in here ! do not leave I with this man ! they will die if you do this !! ! the deputy force blaze inside , use baton , boot . a stun gun SPARKS . blaze fall . the cell door slam . the inmate opposite be laughing , wave , bashing they bar with every metal implement they have get as we -- CUT to : 83. ext . motel - day a grimy , little stop , hold together with paint . nomi and rain step off a bus , each carry a bag of supplies . int . motel room - day simple and clean . rain lock the door , go to the window and open it wide -- a beautiful day outside , hill roll down to a busy town a mile distant . nomi drop she bag , sit wearily on the bed , peel she jacket open -- revealing a nasty shoulder wound . burn to the bone , the impression of finger clearly evident . rain hurry to help , rummages antiseptic and bandage from nomi 's bag . together , they clean the wound . nomi 's pain be clear , but she keep it quiet . rain be we safe now ? nomi regards she sadly . she 's never be one to tell lie . nomi honey , I do not know if we will ever be safe . rain nod , know the answer instinctively . something about she look -- far too fatalistic for a child she age . rain he talk to I sometimes . nomi who ? rain my father -- ( beat , hesitant ) -- when I be dream . nomi ( fearful ) what do he say ? rain start to cry now , suddenly overwhelm . despite she eerily calm demeanor , she 's still a child . and a frighten one at that . rain I do not want to be like he , mom . ( continued ) 84 . continued : nomi you will not . rain ( sobbing ) you do not know that . nomi yes , I do , baby -- nomi hug she , desperate , as if the world be end . outside , across the land , the sun shine gloriously bright . nomi ( cont 'd ) -- yes I do . dissolve to : int . county jail - blaze' cell - day on blaze , immobile . wait for nightfall . shadows lengthen around he in time - lapse as the day begin to die . he start to shake . tear streak from he eye , burn he cheek . int . county jail - carrigan be cell - day on carrigan , in he cell at the end of the corridor . he 's nervous , cut a deck of card . ext . landsccape - various - day / dusk ant feed on a praying mantis . a owl pull at a recently kill mouse . Day time -lapse to dusk . Thunder rumble . CUT to : int . motel room - dusk rain sleep . Storm finger scratch at the window . nomi step out of the shower . towel off . check on rain . she contemplate she sleep child a moment , then tap a pack of camel , realize she 's out . ext . motel - walkway - dusk nomi quietly close the door . walk to the far end where the vend machine be humming . clunk . a fresh pack of smoke . she tear it open , then notice -- ( continued ) 85 . continued : a moth flutter by a outdoor light , casting distort shadow on the stucco wall . nomi stare , uneasy , something tug at - she memory as we see -- a brief flash of the past nomi back on the bed , oding . the shadow of starke fall over she . the moth flutter above . back to the present as nomi turn to the parking lot , sees a coyote slouching out of the gather darkness . and she know . 5 - ba fuck know . woman ( V . 0 . ) my father use to say that the only way evil come into you life -- int . county jail - blaze and carrigan' cell - dusk blaze wait , internal . carrigan manically cut he deck of card . over and over . blaze suddenly cry out , throw himself onto the floor . he begin to writhe as the other prisoner jeer at he . woman ( v.o. ) be if you invite it . int . motel room - dusk nomi bolt into the room , frantic . she shake rain awake . the child look up , sees the terror in she mother 's face . rain Mom --?! nomi sweety , you have to get out of here now . following nomi as she drag rain into the bathroom . she tear the shower curtain back . there 's a window just above the shower stall barely big enough for someone like rain to squeeze through . woman ( v.0 . ) I be not sure about that . at least not anymore . what I cq know be this : ( continued ) 86 . continued : we hear footstep in the walkway outside . someone be come - ___ " nomi tug open the window , lift rain towards it -- nomi honey , go , go ! ? int . county jail - night the other prisoner be shout , feed up with blaze 's " antic " . he-roll about , clutching at side . Fire stream from he mouth , he - eye -- woman ( v.o. ) we be bear alone and we die alone . on carrigan , terrify , back into the far corner of he cell . the other prisoner pause , watch the beginning of blaze 's transformation , they cry take on a entirely new kind of urgency . woman ( v.0 . ) ( cont ` D ) it 's what happen in - between that matter . int_ motel room - bathroom - night rain squirm through the window , drop to the ground outside . woman ( v.0 . ) -- the choice we make , the people whose path we cross -- she stand , cast a fearful look to at nomi , then run off into the stormy night . on nomi back out of the bathroom as the front door explode OPEN . she turn around -- woman ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) -- this be the thing that determine we fate . starke stand in the doorway , coyote slouching in around he heel . the beast attack , grow and change , they gnash mouth of razore tooth open wide to consume nomi as -- 87 . int . county jail - night -- fwoooshh !!! a mushroom blast - wave of hellfire erupt from blaze 's body , expand beyond he cell and across the - corridor -- ext . wooded rise - night rain run for she life , weep , distraught , stumbling down a rain-slick hillside . she sees -- the town spread out below , fireballs engulf a distant building -- int . county jail - blaze' cell - night the ghost Rider stand in the center of blaze 's cell , a cyclone of hellfire swirl around he -- for there be a direct , casual relationship between the amplitude of he rage and the number of transgressor in its vicinity . he move forward , melting the cell bar , step into -- the corridor beyond the prisoner be frantic , leaping about like frighten lab animal . thoom ! thoom ! the ghost Rider 's heavy footfalls ring out as it stride down the corridor , turn he awful gaze on the first cell . the ghost Rider extend a hand , send a stream of hellfire coursing over the prisoner within . the ghost Rider move on , to the second and third cell , swiveling he gaze back and forth , burning the occupant within . like shoot fish in a barrel . thoom ! thoom ! the ghost Rider continue its rampage . murderer , rapist , malefactor . some curse , other plead , other simply drop to they knee and pray . for they know , instinctively , that the universe be not a arbitrary place , that they Day of judgement have come . the entire jail be ablaze now , a roiling extension of the ghost Rider 's fury , drown out the voice of the damned . on the final cell where carrigan cower within . the deck of card in he hand drop , scatter . some of they catch fire , shrivel up -- ( continued ) 88. continued : the ghost Rider wave he hand . the bar separate they melt , flow to the floor like liquid . he stare down at carrigan , he hollow eve socket sparking to life . as the penance stare erupt from the ghost Rider 's eye , carrigan reach for something beneath the bed -- cell wall . he hold it up . the effect be catastrophic , like the Medusa have she own deadly gaze turn back upon she . the ghost Rider stumble backwards , shrieking , assault by a onslaught of subjective image . vision horrifying enough to drive even a demon mad . ext . county jail -- night the window of the jail pulse with hellfire , pane of safety glass exploding outward as a blast - wave expands and expands , make the world go white . dissolve to : int . county jail - night fade in from white . another aftermath . a circus of paramedics , police , firemen and reporter . every corner be blacken , every bar twisted and melt . charre corpse be scattered like matchstick . boot be come . we have see they before . this boot belong to -- starke navigate he way through the bedlam . he pass between rush emergency personnel , step over a writhe victim -- -- but no one seem to notice he presence . and as he progress to the far end of the cell block , the cacophony fade , leave only he footstep as he turn into -- carrigan' cell carrigan be terribly burn , but still cling to life . frantic paramedics be run a iv , struggle to stabilize he . his fear - fill eye grow dim , then abruptly snap into focus as he sees -- starke ( o.s. ) you look like you could use some help . ( continued ) 89 . continued : -- starke stand over he , he gaze stoic and pitiless . starke ( cont ' D ) you lose she , carrigan . what happen ? carri gan ( a choke sob ) -- you do not tell we -- what he be carrigan start to slip away . the sound of the outside world begin to intrude once more . starke kneel , touch a hand to carrigan 's chest . the world ebb away again . the paramedics continue they work , oblivious . carrigan moan . carrigan ( cont 'd ) -- please , I do not want to die -- starke 's arctic eye gleam bright with mischief . starke if I could save you , would you be willing to make a deal ? CUT to : ext . desert cemetery - dawn blaze sit against a old grave marker , gun in hand . thousand - yard stare in he eye . he contemplate the gun silent memories assault he -- good time with roxanne , happy time , make the onrush that much more unbearable . we intercut -- roxanne , radiant at the beach . flicker sunshine make she squint . back to blaze , here and now , cock the gun , turn it back on himself . roxanne fold clothes , see through a sunny doorway . back to blaze , finger the trigger of the gun , edging closer to the unknown , the terror that the afterlife hold for he . ( continued ) 90 . continued : roxanne her laugh face , loving blaze from across a dinner table . back to blaze suppress a sob . the pain be too much . it 's overwhelming -- roxanne and blaze at the obstetrician 's . on the sonogram monitor , with e see unborn child shifting position within roxanne 's womb , push in on the eerily beautiful image and -- back to blaze fuck it . he press the barrel against he forehead . squeeze he eye tightly shut , compress the trigger -- -- but he can not do it . he lower the gun , weep with frustration and -- freeze , head cocked like he hear a voice . he scan the cemetery : grave , tree , nothing . then he spin around --- rain stand behind he , waif-like . Big , melancholy eye . they stare at each other for a long time , not know what to say . rain my mother be dead . the statement hang . another death . another failure of blaze 's part . blaze how --? rain my father find we , just like she know he would . rain look down at blaze 's hand -- the gun rest there . blaze meet she gaze and tuck the gun away , embarrassed . the wind pick up . rain look to the grave . rain ( cont ' D ) what do you think happen when you die ? do you think there 's a heaven ? blaze I do not know . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 2 ) rain ( insistent ) but what do you think ? blaze study rain . this kid be hurt . what she need now , be reassurance . and try as he might , blaze just can ' t seem to harden he heart against she . blaze yeah , I think there 's something . maybe not angel play harp and stuff , but ( searching ) -- something . rain wipe she nose with she sleeve , want to believe it . rain he will keep come , you know . unless you stop he . blaze ( tire ) I do not know that I can anymore . rain but you will try , right ? blaze regards she curiously . even in grief , she 's a consummate negotiator . blaze I do not have anything leave to give , kid . blaze stand , start walk . rain follow . rain my mother say you be a good man . blaze I be not . rain she say I could trust you . blaze you can not . rain ( persistent ) but do not you think there 's a reason why all of this be happen ? like fate ? ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 3 ) blaze I do not believe in fate . rain maybe it believe in you . blaze stop . cold . deja - vu all over again . he look back at rain . sigh . CUT to : ext . mountain highway - day a batter truck full of migrant farm -worker grind to a halt . blaze and rain jump out in a cloud of dust . driver ( pointing ) alla ! mision de sante lupia ! High up the mountain : a old adobe building perch on stilt , precariously overhung . on top of its bell tower , a crucifix stand clear and proud . rain we be go to a church ? blaze it 's not a church . it 's a mission . they take people in . blaze pay the driver . the truck roar away . rain look back to the mission , doubtful . rain be you go to dump I there ? CUT to : ext . the mission - day 18th century Spanish adobe . Chapel and dormitory , currently under renovation . various tough - looking men be at work . pick and hoe clink in the dirt . blaze and rain make they way towards the main building . tolbein ( 40s , hard , mistrustful ) intercept they . tolbein can I help you ? ( continued ) 93. continued : blaze we car break down a few mile back and my daughter and I be wonder if we could crash here for the night . tolbein size they up -- do not like what he see . tolbein do not think so . blaze what about a ride , then ? be there a town somewhere you could take we to ? other man have gather behind tolbein -- viscott , wilson . one of they , nunez , nod to the South . nunez why do not you head back to Dawson ? they get motel there . blaze that 's not really a option . tolbein then I would say you be out of luck . blaze look , you must have a cot , something . the kid 's hungry -- rhymer ( o.s. ) I be sure we can figure something out . joe rhymer , 5as , approach , silence tolbein with a look . he 's down to earth , capable , wear a black shirt , cleric 's collar , oily jeans , and muddy work boot . rhymer ( cont 'd ) ( offer he hand ) Joe rhymer . I be the padre . blaze this be rain . rhymer rain ? that 's a pretty name . ( to rain ) you hungry , rain ? would you like something to eat ? rain nod . rhymer usher they inside . as he move to follow , tolbein stop he . ( continued ) 94 continued : ( 2 ) tolbein bottom line , Father . there 's something wrong with that two . especially the kid . rhymer duly note , Richard . ( pointedly ) and overrule . angle on a raggedy figure jutting into frame in the foreground . blaze pause at the threshold of the chapel , look back , uneasy -- but it 's just a scarecrow be buffete about by the wind . int . mission - chapel - day rhymer lead blaze down the central aisle . the chapel be dark , light by candle - light , crowded with scaffold and drop - sheet . as blaze walk , the flame of the candle bend in he direction -- as if draw by some unseen magnetic force . blaze that man outside -- rhymer most of they be on a work - release program . we be a halfway house for ex - offender . we try to get people on they foot , reintegrate they into society . blaze glance at rain , apprehensive . rhymer ( cont 'd ) ( misread blaze 's look ) do not worry , you be perfectly safe here . but of course , that 's not what blaze be think . CUT to : int . mission - kitchen - late afternoon rain sit at the table , spoon she soup . tolbein , nunez and a few other watch they . blaze watch they back , nonchalant in the face of they obvious hostility . ext . courtyard - late afternoon builder work . Men carry provision . there 's a small vegetable garden in the center of the courtyard . rain help the gardener pull carrot . ( continued ) 95 . continued : blaze watch from a distance , clean up , clothes launder -- rhymer approach , gesture to the garden . rhymer it 's turn out beautiful , have not it ? we try to be as self sufficient as we can , back to the earth and all that . he notice that blaze be stare at the lowering sun . rhymer ( cont 'd ) you any good with diesel engine ? blaze I know my way around a flywheel housing . rhymer well I have get a generator out back that 's be on life support the last few week . mind help I try to resuscitate it ? blaze look at he curiously . blaze sure . int . basement - late afternoon blaze and rhymer work by flashlight , tinkering with the old generator . there be a number of vehicle store around they , include a pair of dusty motorcycle . rhymer so how long have you be run ? blaze what do you mean ? rhymer you know what I mean . you spend as much time around lose soul as I have , you learn how to read a man 's face . ( nodding ) you want to hand I that crescent wrench ? blaze hand rhymer the wrench , who then make a adjustment . rhymer ( cont 'd ) take the girl , for instance . she 's not you daughter , be she ? blaze no . ( continued ) 96 . continued : rhymer so what happen to she mother ? blaze she 's dead . rhymer do you kill she ? blaze no. rhymer study blaze , decide he believe he . blaze ( cont ' D ) ( elaborating ) she do not have anyone else . I be just try to protect she . rhymer and who 's protect you ? moment later , blaze and rhymer be clean up . blaze listen , I appreciate what you be try to do , but I have never really be a come to Jesus kind of guy . rhymer I be not talk about Jesus , I be talk about a little healthy introspection . work here , stay in one place for a while , see what surface . I have find that people tend to arrive on we doorstep for a reason . blaze consider this formidable man , a yearn moment then he shake he head . blaze I can not stay . I be sorry . rhymer what about the girl , then ? whatever you be involved in , I can not imagine it 's good for she well - be . ( beat , gentle ) we can find a home for she . ( continued ) 97 . continued : ( 2 ) blaze ( unsure ) I would have to leave tonight -- rhymer nod , understanding , he motion towards a beautiful motorcycle park back in the shadow -- a ` 71 norton commando 850 . Black , with gold pin-strip . rhymer you can take the norton . blaze I do not have any money . rhymer so send we some when you do . blaze be move by this man 's simple humanity -- but he 's also wrestle with the idea of abandon rain . CUT to : ext . mission - dusk / night time - lapsing shadow cross the mission building and the surround wilderness landscape . the lonely scarecrow stare button - eye and blank . int . mission - bathroom - night blaze gaze into a bathroom mirror . be here so many time before . sound intrude upon he solitude . he bow he head , study the coin , turn it over in he shaking finger . the malicious coyote , the soar eagle . still the sound come , stronger , more insistent -- Cars crashing . Police siren wail . scream . gunfire . flame . blaze look up once more . his eye be shadow socket . this be the real penance stare , and blaze be feel its awful , mournful ache . nomi' voice he want to know if you be a bad man . he want to know -- if the ghost Rider turn its penance stare on you , would you burn ? blaze clenches he fist around the coin , spin on he heel . 98 . int . mission - dorm room - night blaze pause in the doorway , look in on rain , who sleep , dead to the world . blaze set the coyote coin on the bed table next to she , turn and leave . we hold on rain 's sleep face for a beat , then she stir , open she eye . she sees the coin nearby , sit up . int . mission - STORM cellar - night the norton commando roar into life , blast web from the exhaust . blaze guide the bike up the coal ramp and out through the open cellar door . ext . mission - night a STORM front be move in , huge thunderhead gather and roiling . blaze pull a dusty skid , pause with the engine rumbling . look back forlornly at the mission . then he wring the throttle and haul away into the night as we -- angle on a dorm room window rain stand at the glass , watch blaze leave . CUT to : int . mission - dine room - night rhymer and lead he ward in prayer . we can hear the wind rise outside , gather in strength . rhymer that which be from the beginning , which we have hear , which we have see with we eye , which we have look upon , and we hand have handle , of the Word of life . " int . mission - hallway - night moving with rain down a moonlit corridor - she clutches the coyote coin like a talisman , then --- sees something through a window which startles she -- only to realize that it 's just the scarecrow out in the field , flap wildly . ( continued ) 99 . continued : the men ( v.o. ) " for the life be manifest , and we have see it , and bear witness , and shew unto you that eternal life , which be with the Father , and be manifest unto we . " int . mission - dine room - night rhymer continue : rhymer " that which we have see and hear declare we unto you , that ye also may have fellowship with we : and truly we fellowship be with the Father , and with he Son Jesus Christ . and this thing write we unto you , that you joy may be full . this then be the message which we have hear of he , and declare unto you , that God be light -- " CUT to : ext . coastal highway - night blaze ride like the wind along a snake road , away from the storm cloud churn behind he . rhymer ( v.0 . ) -- and in he be no darkness at all . " up ahead , the land fall sharply away , spilling down into a wide expanse of moonlit ocean pregnant with the promise of release . CUT to : int . mission - dine room - night rhymer and he man eat . rain be there too . nunez peer out into the darkness . wind and debris be scratch at the window pane . we hear thunder now , too . nunez padre . you would better take a look at this . rhymer join he . sees what he sees : coyote gather . six or more . they creep malevolently towards the mission . nunez ( cont 'd ) you ever see anything like that before ? ( continued ) 100 . continued : rhymer shake he head , look to -- rain she 's acutely conscious of the man stare at she now , still clutching the coin like a rabbit 's foot . tolbein it 's she -- she 's the one do this . rhymer that 's enough , Richard . tolbein I be tell you , Father , there 's something wrong with -- crash ! one of the window slam open , startling everyone . rhymer move to it , latch it shut again . int . mission - entrance hall - night lightning flash . a eerie howling arise . tolbein and nunez lead some man to the front door . tolbein unbar the door , pull it open , can not believe he eye : three dozen howling coyote , approach the entrance . tolbein what be this ?! scare ! a snarling coyote come out of leave field , just miss he throat -- tolbein leap backward , slam the door . the man start shout . rain back away . she know what 's happen . wham ! a animal ram the door . then another . and another -- int . mission - rhymer' office - night rhymer break out a shotgun , shell , hear the man shout . int . mission - dine room - night rhymer rush in . the man be confuse , afraid . wham ! wham ! growling coyote be hurl themselves repeatedly against the window , crack the pane . rhymer get away from the window ! ( to wilson ) Wilson , take rain to the chapel . ( continued ) 101 . continued : Wilson hesitates , eyeing rain with distrust - wilson I be not go nowhere with she . all the man be give rain a wide berth now . wham ! another snarling coyote hit the glass . rhymer one of you , please , just take the kid to the chapel . tolbein Father , that 's the last place she should be . crunch ! something strike the room a massive blow . something much bigger than a coyote . viscott start praying . nunez quiet , viscott ! thump ! crump ! more heavy blow . like the fist of God . make the floorboard beneath they foot vibrate . something shamble past the window . what in God 's name be that ? tolbein ( look at rain , accuse ) I know we should have send they away ! thoom ! another impact . thoom ! thoom ! plaster crack . Dust fall . viscott wail , praying even more stridently . nunez be lose it _ nunez shut the fuck up , man ! tolbein she 's the one they want , I be tell you ! -- and the light abruptly go ou the storm bellow and bluster . the man huddle together , fear thick and sour . carrigan ( o.s. ) raainn -- raaaaiinnn -- a gastly voice , monstrously corrupt , but still recognizable as billy - Ray carrigan . carrigan ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) -- where be you , rainnnnnnn ? rain shrink away from the insidious mewl . ( continued ) 102 . continued : ( 2 ) tolbein ( to rhymer , hiss ) I tell you -- even rhymer be shake now . he move to investigate , press up against a crack window -- rhymer' Pov ( through window ) carrigan stand outside , lurching between pattern of moonlight and shadow . but the movement be all wrong . and in we momentary glimpsis of he , we get the sense that he 's be horribly change -- as if he body have be tear apart , then haphazardly reassemble into something else . crunch ! the wall fracture . rhymer stagger back . whump ! crunch ! a row of impact move along the wall -- tolbein and nunez scramble to reach the dining room door . they close it , turn the lock . whang ! carrigan slam against the other side of the heavy , steel door . whang ! whang ! again and again and again . the man be terrify , shout at each other . the door be buckle inward , the hinge bend and groaning -- then the pummelling stop . just the sound of breathing , halting and phlegmatic . no one move , not a whisper . corrosion start to spread across the metal door . nunez what the fuck --?! rhymer edge close to the decaye door , peer through a gap in the frame -- carrigan peer back , moonlight illuminate he face . there be button where he eye should 12p . he bellows : carrigan priest ! give I the girl ! the pounding begin anew , harder now . the weaken door be surely about to give way . rain be terrify . tolbein do what he say ! put she out ! rhymer get back with the other ! ( continued ) 103 . continued : ( 3 ) tolbein we do not do what it say , that thing outside there 's gonna kill we all . rhymer step in front of rain , level he shotgun at tolbein 's chest . rhymer God as my witness , Richard , lay a hand on that girl and I will pull this trigger . tolbein hesitates -- then grab at the shotgun . he twist it from rhymer 's hand , smashes the butt across rhymer 's jaw . rhymer sink to the floor . tolbein grab rain , drag she scream to the door . he wave the shotgun at the other -- tolbein open the fuck door ! do it ! nunez fumble with the lock . rhymer recover , throw himself at nunez , try stop he from open it . the pound cease . all eye sweep to the door -- two button roll through the gap between the bottom of the door and the floor , come to rest at rhymer 's foot -- immediately oottina the floorboard beneath they . carrigan ( o.s. ) ( a skin-crawl whisper ) I can see you , Priest . I can see every last one of you . the door burst OPEN , knock tolbein , rain , rhymer and nunez on they ass . all eye bug as carrigan shoulder he way inside . only he 's n..t carrigan anymore . now he 's -- the scarecrow a golem of dessicate flesh knitted together with straw and sodden burlap , piece of insect , twine , and razor wire . button -socket eye . jag bone tooth . beetle - black chitin for finger and nail . his very existence be a affront to nature . everything the scarecrow touch instantly corrode and decay . floorboard rot , metal rust . every movement , every spastic shudder and twitch be a source of incalculable pain . ( continued ) 104 continued : ( 4 ) the scarecrow thrust he hand out and a STORM of demonic crow explode from he chest , whirling about like a cyclone of knife . now the coyote enter too . dozen of they , snarling , diving at the man , sink they jaw into flesh . the man be trap . some try to flee . other fight back , swinging chair and plank -- the scarecrow stalk into they midst , snaring victim leave and right , hurling body or pull they apart -- he snatch viscott up by he throat . bug swarm over the scream parolee 's face as it rot and decay . in second , viscott 's entire body decompose , putrefy , fall apart -- rhymer and rain back up towards the kitchen . screech ! a crow -thing come flap . rhymer fire . the creature shriek and flop -- nunez claw another from he face , sees it 's not a crow at all , but some kind of wriggle eyeless monstrosity with a deform razor beak , matte feather , bony talon -- Wilson , trap under a bench , beat desperately at a gnash coyote . land a real blow . the beast fall back then stand up like a man ? various angle as the other coyote do likewise . the coyote be change shape , enlarge , canine skeleton cracking and re-arranging themselves into -- jaw -beast the same half - glimpse horror we glimpse accompany starke . all muscle and gnash fang and bloody , rip claw . CUT to : ext . coastal highway - night blaze roll the norton to a stop . kill the engine . sit back in the saddle and drink in the night . the moonlit landscape be profoundly silent , the starry sky clear and awesome . nothing stir . ( continued ) 105 . continued : not a cricket , not a lizard . just the moonlit expanse of ocean below . then we hear thunder , like distant artillery . blaze look back over he shoulder -- blaze' Pov distant thunderhead . lightning flicker . close on blaze , try to drive rain from he mind . we can see on he face that it 's a lose battle -- for poor , curse johnny blaze have finally understand he purpose on this earth . CUT to : int . mission - kitchen - night claw and jaw and razor- beak tear frenziedly through wood and plaster and lathe . rhymer , rain , nunez and tolbein struggle to repel the monster , beat they back with whatever be at hand -- -- but the jaw - beast and razor bird be win , force they way into the kitchen -- nunz be snag . slash claw swarm all over he . the other try to pull he free -- rhymer waste two more precious shot , but nunez be lose . dragge scream into the storm of mouth and claw . the survivor fall back as the door give and -- the scarecrow pitch through the open , lurching forward . jaw - beast fall in behind he . razor bird whirl around he head . the survivor scramble for the far exit . rain open every gas burner on the grill as she pass by -- but the far exit be lock . and rhymer do not have the key ! boom ! rhymer shotgun the lock ! the lock fracture , but the exit still will not open . tolbein start kick . rhymer aim again -- rain ( tug at rhymer ) shoot the gas ! rhymer what ? ( continued ) 106 . continued : the scarecrow advance . bug swarm from beneath he tatter foot . every metal implement and surface rust as he pass . rain ( point at the grill ) shoot the gas ! rhymer hear the range hissing and fire . choom ! the gas fireballs , catch scarecrow full - on sideways . he squeal , reel . Burning jaw - beast writhe and howl . rain fall to the floor , drop the coyote coin . it spin furiously as we -- CUT to : ext . coastal highway - night blaze . come back . ninety_ one hundred . wind tear wildly at he hair , jacket . the bike shudder . the tachometer edge upwards -- one twenty . one twenty - five . nitrous booster . the norton scream . one thirty . one forty . one fifty -- heat stream off blaze . flame wisp from he nostril . one sixty . one seventy . the tachometer shatter . the engine smoke . the bike shriek , push the edge of mechanical reason . flame explode from blaze 's mouth and eye . his hand ignite . he cry out in agony . his body alter violently . his face warp . Bones crack and shift . flesh shrink and tighten as the skull - visage emerge . the bike change too , red heat spread throughout . torture metal screech . strain machinery pop and bulge . shaft lengthen into skeletal " bone " . the saddle slouches . the tank distend -- whoompf ! the wheel ignite , then the whole bike . hellfire stream , a extension of blaze 's rage . blaze scream from the pit of he soul as the ghost Rider claw itself into be , more manifest that ever before -- and that 's when the bike really accelerate - -- so fast that its air wake churn the dust on each side . ( continued ) 107 . continued : so fast that molten asphalt spume from behind like lava . -- so fast that the goddamn camera can barely catch it and -- b-boom !!! the hellcycle break mach 1 , sonic boom rock the landscape as we -- CUT to : int . mission - night -- the scarecrow , savagely burnt by the blast , but unstoppable . he rise , cock he head , hear something -- various angle - dine room , kitchen , staircase the jaw -beast _ the razor bird . all pause . all listen . they know something 's come . something fast . something bad . we hear it now too -- the whine of a approaching engine . on the coyote coin wobble to a stop , coyote side up . realizing what 's about to happen , the scarecrow let loose a ghastly wail and -- the ghost rider erupt through the wall in deep slow motion , send forth a majestic tsunami of fire and debris . the monster bike skid , carve floorboard like matchwood -- jaw - beast and razor bird hurl themselves out of its scorching path -- the ghost Rider vault from the saddle , send the bike spin at the scurrying monster . it ninepin a few , take out the rest as it impact the wall like a nuke -- the crow -thing be vanquish , squealing and flopping like live cinder . but the jaw - beast recover , still aflame but very much alive . if anything , they seem emboldene by the fire . they circle the ghost Rider , more and more of they join the pack . ( continued ) 108 . continued : the ghost rider ready he chain . the jaw - beast attack . Three dozen horror pounce and gnashing . the ghost Rider take they .- chain , flame , sheer power and force -- spine snap . lupine skull burn . the ghost Rider tear the monster limb from limb . the room become the seventh Circle of Hell , and at the heart of the inferno , the ghost Rider exult in the slaughter -- the whole mission be ablaze now , fire and churn smoke consume everything in its path . rhymer , rain , and tolbein run for they life . int . mission - dormitory - night rain , rhymer and tolbein be trap . Fire have cut they off . they back they way towards the rear of the building , peer out the window -- there Pov : a hundred foot drop straight down to the highway . tolbein there 's no way down from here ! crack ! the door behind they splinter . the scarecrow 's find they once again . int . mission - dine room - night the ghost Rider be have difficulty with the jaw-beast . his fire burn they but they just keep come -- blacken skeletal demon , possess of a unstoppable ferocity -- for every one he throw aside , two more seem to take its place . he can wound they , sear the flesh from they bone , but still they pile on , sink they tooth into he skeletal flesh , crunching through he hollow rib-cage -- the ghost Rider shriek in pain , tear one from he back , snap another 's spine , punch a fist through a third 's gnash muzzle . he fall back through a doorway , onto -- a staircase and still , they attack . and now the ghost Rider be weaken . he stumble on the step , fall to he knee . the fiend pile atop he back -- ( continued ) 109 . continued : summon all he power , the ghost Rider emit a shockwave of flame , a heat - bomb that blast the creature clean off he . int . mission - dormitory - night the shockwave shake the room . FIRE belch through the splinter doorway -- -- but the scarecrow scarcely notice . he 's fling dorm bed leave and right , howling and groaning as he hunt for -- rain huddle beneath a flimsy bed-frame . scarecrow raaaainnn ! raainn ! the scarecrow hurl aside a bed and find tolbein . he reach for the man , sink he spindly finger 's into tolbein 's chest . tolbein scream , instantly shrivelling , corrode into dust -- the scarecrow hurl aside yet another bed and find -- rhymer aim he shotgun , point- blank range ! blam ! the blast take a chunk out of the scarecrow 's face . int . mission - the stair - that moment all Hell break loose . the ghost Rider unleash wave after wave of hellfire , incinerate the hound as they leap towards he , fight he way up and up the step -- int . mission - dormitory - night blam ! another blast chew apart the scarecrow 's neck . the monstrosity stagger , then lurch forward , grab the barrel of the shotgun , instantly corrode it -- the wave of corrosion swarm up the stock while towards rhymer 's hand and he drop the gun , roll away , scoop up rain as he run towards the bathroom -- back to the scarecrow , recover , he makeshift flesh knitting itself back together . flame kiss he body , cause sodden particle on he frame to sizzle and pop -- but because he decaye flesh be so wet , he never ignites . ( continued ) 110 . continued : enkindle buz bug-ember thing swirl around the scarecrow 's head in a halo , impossibly alive - he stumble after rhymer and rain into the bathroom a claustrophobic box of stall and urinal . rhymer and rain be nowhere to be see . enrage , the scarecrow tear into the stall , rip they aside one by one -- int . mission - the stair - that moment the ghost Rider advance , hurl jaw - beast leave and right -- int . mission - bathroom - night the scarecrow rend the last stall asunder , find rain and rhymer cower like bug . he loom above rain , beetle - finger clutching , flash a rotted rictus-grin -- scarecrow -- got you ' . red -hot chain whip viciously around the scarecrow 's sodden head and torso . he 's wrench backwards , haul out of the bathroom and slammed across the dormitory into the opposite wall -- ext . mission - night the wall fracture . debris fall , tumble hundred of foot down to the highway below . int . mission - dormitory - night the scarecrow recover , sees the room ablaze . sees a swathe of blacken , twitching jaw - beast skeleton lead from the doorway to -- the ghost rider at the other end of the chain . more accurately , ghost blaze , batter and weaken , staggering . his flame be barely flicker , he bony flesh have become chalky and brittle . he 's hold a jaw - beast skeleton , drop it to the floor -- the scarecrow attack . Hand - to-hand combat . massive blow and block . the burn room shudder with each impact -- ( continued ) continued : ghost blaze use he chain , but he 's weak , and scarecrow turn they back on he , smashes he against the wall . more structural fracture , more dust -- ext . mission - night the whole mission quake . a huge hole in the wall fall open , the scarecrow barely manage to stop himself fall the stilt - like support column bear the weight of the overhange mission begin to creak and bend . some snap -- int . mission - dormitory - night the dormitory drop alarmingly , ten foot or more , the flooring canting precariously . ghost blaze stumble , fall -- wham ! scarecrow grab ghost blaze 's neck . squeeze tight . a wave of decay and corrosion spread over ghost blaze . he scream , he flesh putrefy , but scarecrow will not let go -- on rain and rhymer desperate for escape , the flame close in on they . there 's nowhere to go . except a small hatch , high up in the ceiling -- back to scene ghost blaze howl , in agony as the scarecrow 's superior evil dominate . he feebly extend a hand towards the flame nearby , try to compel the fire to he . the flame twist , briefly bend in he direction . the ghost Rider howl with frustration . he need the flame . he will die without they . he try again , reach , reach -- the flame surround the two foe be start to bend in earnest now , stream towards ghost blaze 's bony , begging fingertip the scarecrow be oblivious . just keep pour more misery into ghost blaze 's body as -- ext . mission - night -- the entire mission , which be only moment ago completely aflame , be now extinguish itself . a inferno in retrograde , roiling inward -- int . mission - various - night -- raging flame bend and draw long -- ( continued ) 112 . continued : -- cloud of ember be pull into coursing stream -.-- -- roiling fireballs be drag wildly from wall , floor and ceiling -- -- flame and fury funnel thunderously into scorching FIRE - spout that cyclone up and up and up into -- int . mission - dormitory - night -- ghost blaze from every direction . suddenly scarecrow find himself at the heart of a back - draft firestorm , a sustained implosion feed straight into ghost blaze . then -- nuclear silence . a instant in which rhymer shove rain through the hatch -- a instant in which scarecrow sense he own doom -- because the ghost Rider be back - but now he 's more than the ghost Rider . he 's a white - hot nuclear bomb fairly vibrate with volcanic heat . and he detonate . a apocalyptic release that -- obliterate scarecrow -- send rhymer ducking for cover -- bulge the dormitory 's fracture wall and ceiling , lift the attic floor mightily . hurling rain into the air ! a flame tsunami steamroller through every room and passage , destroy everything in its path , consume itself . int . mission - dormitory - night ghost blaze lie groaning at blacken ground zero . he 's almost human now , spend . charre timber creak and groan around he . the entire structure be on the verge of collapse . on rain emerge from the smoulder bathroom , ghostly white . she pick she way cautiously across the teeter floor . kneel alongside ghost blaze -- ( continued ) 113 . continued : blaze 's eye be black pit , gaunt and skullish_ rain cast --- - about , find a burning ember , cup it in she hand , hold the flame close to he mouth -- ghost blaze sense the fire , breathes it in like a drown man . draw the flame deep into he lung , keep draw until the ember be go , internalized . they eye meet . rain be you go to die ? ghost blaze ( weakly ) not today . he push up on he elbow , tiredly rise to he foot and -- the mission topples . ghost blaze and rain run -- but they be not go to make it . the whole room be dropge away at they heel ! ghost blaze snatch up rain , dive through a widen split in the wall even as -- ext . mission - night -- the dormitory fold up and slide away from they , pitching over the hillside . break into ton of plunging debris that crash spectacularly onto the highway far below . on ghost blaze and rain , clutching precariously to a muddy hillside . ghost blaze look up , sees -- dawn approaching , first light bleed in over the distant mountain . ext . highway - mission ruins - just before dawn ghost blaze stride over the smoking ruin . find what he be look for -- carrigan , back to human , hopelessly trap deep in the wreckage . he 's barely alive , just a face in the rubble . carrigan blink . carrigan ( a rag whisper ) who -- the fuck -- be you , anyway ? ( continued ) 114 . continued : ghost blaze Vengeance . and ghost blaze raise he hand , hellfire trickle down the length of he arm , swirl around he hand like a building static charge even as -- carrigan ( terrify , yet defiant ) do it , fucker -- dq it . rain appear on a ridge just before they , eye lock onto he . it 's now or never . ghost blaze hesitates , hesitates -- then abruptly rein the flame back in . metabolize the fury . pushes it down deep through sheer , agony-inducing willpower . ghost blaze scream , struggle -- -- and force the demon away , now he 's just blaze , weak with exertion , but triumphant for the first time in year . he turn away and we -- CUT to : ext_ mission ground - dawn -- blaze and rain walk , work they way across the scorched grounds . rain kick at a carbonize jaw - beast skull . it roll , smashes against a tree , crumble to dust . blaze look up just then , hear the sound of --- starke's cadillac it slow to a stop at the end of the drive , engine rumbling . dusty and bug-begrimed from its cross -country journey . blaze brace himself . a silent inhalation of breath . rain stare , paralyze by fear -- the driver 's door open . a hulk silhouette step out . the Beast , backlit by the fiery dawn which be just break over the horizon . sunlight flare outward , briefly blind we . and when it subside -- starke be stand there . human . windblown . he raise a hand , shield he gaze from the light . step coward they -- ( continued ) 115 . continued : blaze move in front of rain , block starke 's path . they stand there in silence . and starke smile , eye alight with mischief . starke look like we have come to the end of the road , have not we ? blaze guess so . after a long beat : starke give I the girl and I will lift the curse . blaze look down at rain . this be all he ever want . the only thing that have keep he go all this year . he reach into he jacket , retrieve a crumpled pack of cigarettes . pluck one out -- blaze she 's all yours , starke -- -- and light it without a match , somehow conjure the flame from within himself . he take a long drag . in the pit of he eye , something glow there -- a kind of lambent darkness . blaze ( cont 'd ) -- but you will have to go through I if you want she . starke stare into blaze 's eye . do not like what he sees . starke do not be a fool , blaze . I be offer you you life back . blaze that 's not a life . and least now one I be interested in live . starke you think you can control it . you can not . blaze guess I be willing to take my chance . starke nod , accept defeat . for now . he look down at rain , a bitter smile creep across he face -- ( continued ) 116 . continued : ( 2 ) starke you have you mother 's eye . -- and walk away . blaze and rain watch he retreat . presently , a coyote slip from shadow , join he on the road . it -- lope along beside he . we watch they disappear over a rise . then they be go . beat . rain study blaze , reach for he hand . rain he will be back . blaze yeah . back amongst the smoking ruins we pass break concrete , smoulder timber , a rock snake constrict a mouse , a industry of beetle dissect a bird 's carcass . finally , we come to a small , deep cavity -- and there , tuck away in the darkness , we find -- woman ( v.0 . ) and that 's how it end . with another beginning . a kind of balance strike between the flame and the fury . blaze' coin balanced perfectly on it 's edge . how it fall like that , at the heart of the wreckage , be a mystery that will probably never be solve . dissolve to : int . hospital room - day a nurse bring a postcard to a sleep patient 's bedside . the patient be roxanne , sleep peacefully , bath in sunlight . the nurse tack the card to a wall fill with many -- dozen and dozen of postcard chart blaze 's journey back and forth across the country . and we realize now , that roxanne be the woman who have be narrate we tale . ( continued ) 117 . continued : roxanne ( v.o. ) and I ? I still sleep . wandering . wait . listen to the whisper of the dead . CUT to : ext . rural highway - day / night on blaze , riding hard , as a scorching desert noon time - lapse into night . roxanne ( v.o. ) the world turn around without I . there be shark . and there be dove . and nighttime hold far darker terror than death . but I be never afraid because I know that he be out there , somewhere . and that someday , somehow -- blaze ignites , scream , hurl back he head -- roxanne ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) -- he will return to I . -- and the ghost Rider rocket headlong into black . the end