" ghost " screenplay by Bruce Joel rubin shoot draft int . tribeca loft - day the camera track slowly through cloud of move dust . shaft of mute light pierce the dense atmosphere . a eerie netherworld envelop we . strange ghostly form appear and disappear in the distance . they seem like apparition . Broken timber and dangle cable emerge from the smoky light . we see hint of a huge demolish space . a old white plaster wall fill the screen . momentary blip of light flash across it . sound of street traffic be hear dimly in the distance . with startling impact , the SOUND of a sledgehammer explode out of nowhere . the wall shudder . hammer blows assault the audience . they be loud and jarring . the wall buckle . chunks of plaster crash to the floor . the air fill with new swirl of white dust . the sledgehammer smashes into view . beam of sunlight cut through the crack , pierce the atmosphere like searchlight in a fog . a huge section of wall fall toward camera as more plaster billow into the air . we hear voice talk . molly ( o.s. ) what a mess ! SAM ( o.s. ) I tell you ! through jag hole we can make out three dim figure on the other side of the wall , all wield sledgehammers . SAM I can not breathe . molly use you mask , dummy . one of the figure adjust something over he face . isolate ray of sunlight dance around he casting long shadow in the air . SAM ( sing ) " volga boat ... , man . " whoomph ! his hammer pound the wall . Molly laugh . angle the camera move in and for the first time we see they . molly jensen , in she late 20' , have a bandanna around she hair and a workman 's mask over she nose , but we can tell from she eye and cheekbone that she be beautiful . SAM wheat , in he late 30' , be also hide behind a mask , but he have a strong forehead and handsome feature . sweat be drip down he brow , leave streak in the dust . carl bruner , early 30' , remove he mask revealing a good look young man with a fashionable two - day stubble . both man have they shirt off . CUT to : angle blackness and a loud thud . suddenly a shaft of light penetrate the darkness . another thud and more light . we see a hole . the hook of a crowbar enter it , grapple with something around the edge . then , with a tug and a loud yank , a huge section of tin ceiling crash to the floor . huge cloud of dust fly into the air . Molly look up , astonished . molly Sam , look , there 's a whole eight foot up there . SAM and about eighty year of dust . molly we have all this height , Sam . we could add a second floor and put we bedroom upstairs . that would leave all this space . SAM ( eyeing she curiously ) for what ? molly for space . just space . SAM be great for bumper car . Carl laugh as he look at Sam . they body , cover with white powder , appear as strange , ghostly figure . carl Sam , this may be none of my business , but I be concerned you be do too much coke . Sam glance down at he white body . they all laugh . molly hey , Sam , turn around . Sam obey . Molly doodle on he chest , draw a bow tie and the outline of a tuxedo jacket . her line be quick , accomplish , and subtly erotic . carl ( offer he body ) how ' bout I ? Molly nod . she reach out and superimposes a armless female torso over he . his stomach jump sensually as she touch it . Molly pull back to admire she work . he look like a Greek statue . carl I will never wash again . Molly laugh . angle Sam , Molly , and Carl be hold they sledgehammer . Molly begin to count . molly all together now . one , ( they strike the wall with they hammer . the wall shake ) two , ( they pound again . the wall begin to give ) three . in unison , they hit it once more . a massive section of plaster and metal topple to the ground . New cloud of dust fill the air . suddenly , Sam spy a old jar lie on the floor . something rattles inside it , a penny . SAM hey , look what I find . there 's a penny inside . ( he hand it to Molly ) for luck in we new loft . it 's a good omen . molly ( shaking she head , disagreeing ) you be the good omen . she glance at he lovingly . Carl look at the two of they and grin . as the dust settles we see , for the first time , the outline of the space they be work in . it be a huge loft over four thousand square foot . bank of window run east and west . Molly step back and admire the room . molly it 's gorgeous . carl you guy luck out . Hell , I bet you could sell it tomorrow and double you investment . molly sell it ? Carl , we just buy it . carl what I would not do for a place like this . SAM it 's gonna be great . omitted ext . market security bank &amp ; trust - headquarters - day it be morning rush hour . Sam and Carl , both wear suit and tie , exit the Wall Street subway station and approach the headquarters of market Security Bank &amp ; trust . carl oh , by the way , Sam , I have to move you 3:00 with Bob kahan to 4:00 so you could squeeze in Gary Alan . he call yesterday and say he have to see you today about the danway stuff . Three o'clock be the only time he could make it . also , the board meeting in L.A. have be confirm for the 12th . I get you on a 9:00 a.m. flight . Sam seem preoccupy . carl ( continue ) hey , Sam , relax . this be not brain surgery you be go into . SAM I hate pitching to this japanese guy . they make I nervous . I mean , what be I suppose to say , " who do you think will win that big sumo championship " ? carl Sam , you will be fine . you be great with people . Sam 's jacket flare open . he be wear yellow suspender . Carl notice . carl ( continue ) hey , nice . I like that . Sam , not completely comfortable wear they , button he jacket . SAM ... Molly . Carl smile and then turn to admire a car go by . carl Jesus , look at that , a testerossa . that 's the car I be gonna drive when I be make two hundred grand . SAM better pay off you mustang first . int . bank headquarters , elevator - day Sam and Carl be stand on a crowded elevator . it be deadly quiet . suddenly Carl elbow Sam and wink . there be something he want he to do . Sam hesitates a moment , annoyed , and then relent . he clear he throat . SAM so Carl , what do the doctor say ? carl he say it be contagious . very contagious . I should not be go into work today . ( he cough loudly ) but what could I do ? he sneeze . people on the elevator freeze . SAM and what about the rash ? carl not good . it 's spread everywhere . SAM on you genitals again ? carl everywhere . he say be sure not to touch anyone . we see people try to inch away . Carl cough again . they hold they breath . the elevator stop at the next floor . all the passenger get off . int . bank headquarters , executive office - day Sam and Carl , laugh , walk through a large office area bustling with activity . employee , in various cubicle , be talk on telephone and punch information into computer . Sam head into he executive office . Carl step into a cubicle across the aisle . rose , Sam 's secretary , approach he . rose Morning , Mr. wheat . SAM Morning Rose . listen , when the kobiashi people arrive , have elenore take they right to the ... rose they be already here . she point to a window conference room . Sam turn around and see a large group of japanese men stand inside . SAM they be early ! rose I know . and Andy dillon call . he say they need $ 900,000 transfer to albany by noon . SAM noon ? damn ! he hurry over to Carl 's cubicle . he be on the phone . Carl cup the mouthpiece . carl hold on . SAM listen , dillon need $ 900,000 in albany by noon . can you transfer it to he payroll account ? carl sure . just let I have you mac code . Sam pull out he wallet and extract a small address book . he jot the code number on a piece of paper and hand it to Carl . SAM discretion , huh ? carl you bet . I will do it right away . int . well -appointed executive boardroom - day Sam and a group of fifteen somber japanese businessman be sit around a large granite conference table . Sam stand up and speak a simple greeting to they . SAM ( in japanese ) good morning , gentlemen . on behalf of market Security Bank &amp ; trust , I welcome you to we city . the man smile happily and nod they head in unison . men arigato . they look to Sam , expect more . uncomfortable , he clear he throat . SAM I be afraid that 's the only japanese I know . but I realize it 's not we language fluency , or lack of it , that bring you to market Security . Rather , I be sure , it be we banking expertise , we ability to represent and anticipate all of you banking need . as you know , we be not the large banking establishment in New York . ( he throat go dry and he take a sip of water ) but , with combine asset of over 200 billion dollar , we have a firm commitment to the international marketplace . a secretary enter the room and hand Sam a piece of paper . it read " molly on line 2 . urgent . " she hand he a phone . Sam look surprised . he nod apologetically to he guest . SAM Excuse I . ( he pick up the receiver ) hello ? CUT to : molly dress in a long , clay cover smock . she be in a potter studio . several other potter be in the background work at they wheel . a five - foot high ceramic vase stand beside Molly . it be still wet . she toy with it as she speak into the phone . molly a man and a woman be lie in bed when the woman 's husband suddenly come home . frightened , she tell the man he have to leave instantly through the window . he have no time to dress . CUT back to : SAM straight - face , listen and try to look as if it be important . SAM uh hmm . molly ( v.o. ) it 's raining outside . the man , run naked along the street , see some jogger approach . the entire contingent of japanese man be stare at Sam . molly ( v.o. ) ( continue ) one of the jogger call out . " hey , do you always go jogging naked ? " and the man say , " yes , always . " SAM okay . molly ( v.o. ) and then the other jogger say , " and do you always wear a condom ? " the man look down , embarrassed , and reply , " only when it 's raining . " Sam squelch a smile . SAM well , that 's just fine . molly ( v.o. ) now just relax and have fun , okay ? it 's not the end of the world if you lose this account . you have always get I . SAM thank you . I will remember that . molly ( v.o. ) see ya . he hang up and stare at the japanese man . a short smile cross he face . CUT to : a carve wooden angel eight foot tall , ascend into a afternoon sky . as the camera pull back we see that we be inside a building and that the angel be dangle outside a open doorway high above the street . a group of workmen grab for the angel , but have difficulty bring it in . suddenly Molly step into the frame . molly where you guy from , the New York City ballet ? with a gutsy maneuver , Molly lean out over the sidewalk and try to grab hold of the rope . she can not reach they . suddenly a pair of hand grab she around the waist . she scream . SAM save you life . Sam laugh as he pull she back into the loft . she do not think it be funny . molly you bastard . do not do that to I . you scared I half to death . SAM better than see this gorgeous body splatter all over the street . here , look out . Sam jump up , grab hold of the door 's top molding , and swing out over the sidewalk . Molly gasp . Sam 's foot push at the angel and send it swinging away and then back toward the loft . quickly he jump back , grab hold of it , and bring it in . the workmen applaud . Molly eye he with admiration . suddenly we hear a voice call out . carl ( o.s. ) Sam ? Molly ? anybody home ? Molly look to Sam . molly Carl ? do you invite he ? SAM ( under he breath ) I could not keep he away . Carl enter , shake Molly 's hand , and pat Sam on the back . carl hi , moll . hi , Sam . so , how 's it goin ? before they can answer , a workman turn to Molly . workman ( v.o. ) where do you want this ? molly in the bedroom . int . loft - day as the angel pull away from camera , we see the newly decorate loft for the first time . it be paint now in lovely pastel . the floor , a huge gymnasium - like expanse , be lacquer with polyurethane . Furniture and box be pile up along the wall . dominate the space , with a kind of surreal presence , be a large number of Molly 's sculpture and ceramics . there be also a vintage jukebox . Carl be impressed . carl wow ! the place look great . really great . molly you like it , huh ? carl " like " be hardly the word . I never imagine it would be this beautiful . this be incredible . a mover lug in a heavy old chair . Molly see it . molly Sam , you keep that chair ? SAM what do you mean ? it 's comfortable . for t.v. I love that chair . molly but it do not go with anything . SAM it go with I . molly it 's okay , I will paint it . Sam pinch she ass . Molly smile . int . kitchen - day - later Sam , Molly , and Carl be sprawle out on the floor , eat from carton of chinese food . Frank , a gray cat , eat beside they . unpacked box be scattered everywhere . SAM it be the middle of December . I be sit in my old office , the one Charlie 's in . suddenly , I hear this woman scream . I think someone would be shot or something . molly they take away my mastercard . it be Christmas , for godssake . SAM she be four thousand dollar over she limit . molly it be not four thousand . and I would already send in the payment ! you be the one that lose it . SAM she 's still angry . molly no I be not . the cat begin nibble Sam 's food . SAM get outta here , Frank ! ( the cat scamper away ) you should have see she . all pink and flushed . her skin be gorgeous , like a rise . and she 's scream , demand to see the president . so wilton bring she to I . carl you ? you be not even a vp yet . SAM she do not know that . Carl smile . molly can you believe it ? and the next thing I know , he 's tell I he life story . I could not believe it . everything . about he divorce , how he would just arrive in New York , how he do not know any woman . and all with this Montana accent . SAM what 's a Montana accent ? molly the one you always slip into it when you get nervous . " yes , ma'am . thank you , ma'am . can I fondle you breast , ma'am ? " SAM ( laugh ) I be not nervous . molly admit it . you like I . you be interested . SAM ( matter of factly ) I think you be cute . molly cute ? ( look at Carl ) do you believe this ? I should have be Picasso 's mistress . I should have be live in Barcelona or Paris . but no , I be move in with a New York banker who think I be cute . she look at Sam and grin . Carl be stare at Molly , obviously turn on by she . he be embarrassed when she catch he gaze and quickly look away . omitted int . molly studio - night Molly , dress only in a T-shirt , be sit at she potter wheel throw a series of pot . Sam enter the studio . he be barefoot , shirtless , wear jeans . SAM what be you do ? molly I feel inspire . SAM at 2:00 be ? she nod and press she hand into a pot that be form in front of she . Sam watch the sensual movement of she finger , molding and form the clay . she be forceful , assure , gift . the clay respond to she slight effort . slowly , almost unconsciously , Sam reach for she shoulder and begin kissing they . SAM ( continue ) you notice Carl 's eye today ? they be all over you . molly what ? be you jealous ? Sam , let I tell you something . he 's not even look at I . it 's you he idolize . he do not see I at all ... anyway , he 's not my type . Sam reach over she and gently add he finger to the clay . Molly look up at he . molly ( continue ) what be you do ? SAM I feel inspire . his hand dig into the clay . Molly smile . they finger seem to dance together . after a moment , she reach up to he , she clay - cover finger streaking he face and curving down to he chest . Sam grin and reach down to she . match CUT to : sam' finger as it press two button on he jukebox . we watch as the mechanical arm select a record and slowly , sensuously , lower it to the turntable . the arm hover over the record and then descend . it begin to play . the song be " unchain melody " by the righteous Brothers . SAM and molly be dance in the middle of the dark loft . moonlight pour through the window and shine off the floor . wad of pack paper swirl sensuously around they foot . Molly run she finger down Sam 's naked back . the moment be sweet and erotic . we watch as Sam slowly draw he finger down over Molly 's face , gently caress she forehead , she eye , she lip . Sam slide he hand under Molly 's T-shirt , slowly move they toward she breast . her breathe slow . they dance silently , she hair sway in the soft light . we hear the sound of they bare foot on the highly polished floor . sensuously , Molly 's shirt lift above she navel as Sam press into she . they stomach touch and part and touch again . she bite she lip . Sam eye she moonlit form as she stroke he chest , slowly move she finger down he torso , around the curve of he hip , and then digging into the back of he jeans . Sam lean into Molly and nip at she neck . she stop dance . her eye close . she stand absolutely still . Sam 's hand move to she backside . he pull she closer . dissolve : livingroom - night SAM and molly , make love on the livingroom carpet . Paper and pack material crumble beneath they and scatter across the floor . for all they sensuality , it be they hand and eye that be most expressive , revealing a tenderness that be deeply move . they lovemake be full of love . jukebox the song end . the jukebox arm retract and gently slide the record back into its slot . dissolve : omitted bedroom - night Sam and Molly be lie together silently . Molly gaze at he . molly what 's the matter ? SAM the matter ? molly I can tell . SAM nothing ... really . molly you be worried , be not you ? about move in together ? SAM no . not really . molly then what ? the promotion ? SAM I do not know . a lot of thing . I just do not want the bubble to burst ... whenever something good happen to I I be just afraid I be go to lose it . Molly gently stroke he head . molly you know what ? SAM what ? molly I love you . I really love you . he smile and stroke she cheek . SAM ditto . suddenly the t.v. blare into the room . Sam jump up , grab the remote control unit from under he buttock . Molly laugh as he turn the SOUND down . the news be on and they be show the remain of a airline disaster . Sam stare at the tube . SAM oh Jesus . another one . molly do not watch that stuff . he motion to wait . Dead body litter the screen . correspondent ... it be estimate that 34 people die in the crash , the second in less than two week . the t.v. go off . Sam , confuse , spin around . Molly be hold the remote control . she nod for he to lie down . SAM I should cancel my L.A. trip ... this thing always happen in three . molly threes ? Sam , get serious . besides , you lead a charme life . SAM yeah . so do they . Sam look at she and then back at the screen . SAM ( continue ) amazing , huh ? ( he snap he finger ) just like that . blackout . ext . wall STREET establishing shot - day omitted int . sam' office - day Sam be sit at he computer . his address book with he access code be sit open beside he . he seem perplex by something happen on the screen . after push a series of button and get the same response , he whacks the computer on the side . Carl , walk in the door , see he . Sam look up sheepishly . SAM a glitch . what 's up ? carl the Mark greenberg and Larry White account . I can not get in . you mac code do not work . SAM I change it . carl why ? what 's up ? SAM nothing . I just want to nose around a bit ... can you keep you mouth shut ? carl yeah , sure . tell I , what 's go on . SAM I think I have stumble onto something . there 's too much money in this account . carl too much money . that 's ridiculous . how could there be too much money ? SAM that 's what I keep ask myself . carl it must be the computer . SAM I have be check . carl yeah , Mr. fixit . ( he hit the computer like Sam do and laugh ) come on , move over . let I see what I can do . SAM not yet . I be gonna dig around a bit . carl okay , okay . just call I when you be ready for help . ( he head for the door ) so , what be you and moll do tonight ? SAM we be go to the theatre . she want to see " macbeth " at the spring Street repertory . Carl wince . Sam smile . int . spring STREET repertory - night Sam and Molly be sit in the fifth row of a crowded auditorium . he be sound asleep . angle stage a scene from " macbeth " . Sam begin to snore . Molly grab he nose . he jerk awake . Molly grin . ext . spring STREET repertory - night Bright marquee light sparkle overhead as Sam and Molly exit the theatre . it be a beautiful brisk night . SAM I love it . molly I could tell . she smile and squeeze he arm . they walk silently down a dark street , head toward they loft . the pavement be full of shadow . molly ( continue ) do I tell you what marcia say ? SAM six time . molly six ? no I do not . Sam , do not be so blasé . I will have two major piece in the show . the New York Times review she gallery all the time . this could be huge . SAM Molly , the " New York Times " be some frustrated little critic with pimple on he ass who flunk out of art school . who care what the New York Times think ? molly eight million reader , that 's who . SAM you work 's beautiful . that 's a fact , moll . it do not matter what anyone think . we can tell from the expression on Molly 's face that it do . Sam put he arm around she . she nestle close to he . then , suddenly , she stop and look up . there be a unexpected seriousness in she voice . molly ( continue ) I want to marry you , Sam . SAM ( take aback ) what ? molly I have be think about it for day . more than think . I want to do it . I want to jump in whole hog ... ( she pause ) what be that look for ? SAM ( stare at she ) it 's just be so long since ... I mean , you never want to talk about it . there be a long pause . molly do you love I , Sam ? SAM what do you think , moll ? molly how come you never say it ? SAM what be you talk about ? molly you say " ditto " . it 's not the same . SAM people say " I love you " all the time . it do not mean anything . molly sometimes you need to hear it . Sam stop and stare at Molly . he pause quietly . he be about to speak when a man' face emerge from the shadow behind he . Molly gasp . Sam spin around . a intense looking man be stand in the darkness between two building . he stare at the couple for a moment and then step onto the sidewalk . Sam and Molly stand motionless . the man hesitates and then begin walk the other way . Molly exhales a deep breath . Sam take Molly 's arm and they continue briskly down the street . suddenly they hear footstep come after they . molly what should we do ? SAM let I handle this . Sam stop abruptly and turn around . a gun be stare he in the face . Molly scream . willie you wallet ! Sam wait a beat . molly give it to he ! Sam reach for he jacket . the mugger grab he wrist and then carefully pull the wallet out himself . SAM take the money . just leave the wallet and my ... he swipe Sam across the head . Molly scream . the mugger whacks she across the face . Sam explode , plow into the mugger with all he might . molly Sam , no ! there be a wild , all out brawl . Sam fight like a mad man . suddenly the gun go off . the mugger panic and take off run . Sam charge after he . molly Sam !!!!! the two man run down the dark street , but the mugger be already a full block ahead and disappear into the shadow . Sam give up . slowly he turn and begin walk back toward Molly . we can see Molly dimly at the end of the block as Sam approach . she be scream for help . frightened , Sam call out . SAM Molly ! she do not answer . Sam tense and start run toward she . he be just three foot away when suddenly he stop . a expression of pure terror overwhelm he face . CUT to : closeup - molly drench in blood . her eye be glaze , on the verge of shock . pant , she stoops down to the curb as the camera travel with her . she grab hold of something lie in the shadow and pull it toward she . it be Sam 's dead body she be hold in she arm . Sam 's ghostly form , still solid to all appearance , stand beside Molly . his eye be awash in horror and confusion . he seem unable to move . the camera hold on he face as the full impact of he situation dawns in he eye . suddenly he let out a blood-curdling scream . SAM no !!!!!! he jump down toward he body and reach out to grab hold of he motionless form . his hand make a strange SOUND as they pass right though it . it be terrifying . Sam jump up , craze , frenzied , and begin circle Molly . it be as though he be try to undo what have be do . SAM ( continue ) this be not happen . it 's not happen . he reach out to Molly for help . his hand cut through she shoulder . he scream . footstep . people be run down the street . the sound of siren can be hear in the distance . two men run toward Sam . he yell out at they . SAM ( continue ) help I ! they run right through he . he gasp in stunne terror . Sam watch helplessly as they reach he body . Molly look up and begin scream hysterically . one of the Men grab she as the other go for Sam 's wrist . there be no sign of life . the first man hold Molly back as he friend stoops down and begin some form of cardio-pulmonary resuscitation . there be no response . Sam bend down , try desperately to help . it be a futile gesture . SAM do it ! do it ! the man bang on Sam 's chest . blood gush from the wound . Molly recoil . he bang again . CUT abruptly to : int . loft - night Sam shoot up in bed , panting . it be dark . he stare around the loft in sudden confusion . with a lurch he flick on the night light . Molly be lie beside he , she head bury beneath a pillow . Sam seem stunne . SAM Molly ? Molly ! tear stream down he face . Molly stir . molly Sam ? what 's the matter ? be something wrong ? SAM Molly ! Sam be so relieved to hear she voice that he can hardly breathe . molly what be it , honey ? Molly , groggy , try to sit up . Sam reach out for she . as she turn around , we see a skeletel version of her head stare at the camera . it speak . molly ( mock he ) what be it , honey ? Sam bolt upright , scream . it be a scream so consume by terror that one fear it will never stop . CUT unexpectedly to : close - up of SAM asleep in bed . he be thrashing at he pillow and moan . suddenly , a hand reach out and touch he shoulder . Sam jump straight up in bed and kick wildly at the sheet . CUT to : sam' p.o.v. Molly be sit on the bed look at he , afraid . Sam stare down at she . he be breathe heavily , not trust he own sense . his hand clutch at the wall . SAM what 's happen to I ?! angle suddenly , a brilliant white light shoot into the room as a host of glow form , radiating a intense inner light , float before we . a blind tunnel spiral in a infinite vortex behind they . Sam be awed and confuse . we sense that the light be enchant he . the entire room begin to disappear in the light . Molly scream . molly do not leave I . I need you , Sam . angle Sam turn and see Molly , only she be not in the bed . she be back on the street . to he amazement , he be on the street , too , still bath in the soothing light . frightened , he call out to she . SAM Molly ! she do not hear he . he call again . SAM ( continue ) Molly . there be no response . Sam , deeply troubled , hesitates for a moment . he be tear between Molly and the light . then , in a painful , but conscious gesture , he turn from the light and walk toward Molly . at that instant , the light behind he disappear with the sound of a pneumatic door close . there be a sense of terrible finality as the tunnel evaporate into the void . Sam be leave on the dark pavement . he stand there a moment , as if in shock , and then begin run toward Molly . a ambulance be round the corner . CUT to : omitted ext . new york street - night swirl of light speed toward the ambulance as car headlight and streetlamp merge in a wild dizzying rush . the siren wail into the night . int . ambulance - night Sam 's body be lie in the back of the ambulance as a paramedic apply electric paddle to he chest in a effort to save he . after a moment , he look up at Molly . we can tell from the expression in he eye that it be hopeless . Sam yell . SAM do not stop ! I be not dead ! Molly , kneel over Sam 's body , grab he and begin to cry in long terrible sob . int . hospital emergency room - night a doctor , comforting Molly , accompany she from one of the emergency operate room and lead she through a pair of swinging door into a separate wait area . we see two policemen and two detective stand up and approach she . Sam do not want Molly to go and begin to follow she , but then seem tear , afraid to leave he body . he turn back just as he corpse , cover in a green sheet , be wheeled into the corridor and park alongside the wall . Sam seem stunne and inconsolable as he sit down beside it . a wrinkle old man approach Sam and join he on the bench . he begin talk . man so , what happen to you ? Sam be startle , amaze that the man can see he . SAM what ? man you be new , huh ? I can tell . SAM be you talk to I ? man relax . it be not like before , you know . it 's a whole new ball - a- wax . SAM who be you ? man I be wait for my wife . she 's in 4c . cardiac wing . she 's fight it . the man stick he head into the green sheet cover Sam 's body . his head disappear . Sam be terrify . man ( continue ) shot , huh ? that will do it every time . poor bastard . well , get use to it . you could be here a long time . ( lean in close ) I will tell you a secret . Doors be not as bad as you think . Zip zap . they be not nothin ' at all . you will see . you will catch on . suddenly there be a loud commotion and we see several physician operate furiously on a Old man lie on the table beside they . it be a life threaten situation and they seem to be fail . man ( continue ) he be not gonna make it . I have see it a million time . he 's a goner . see ? here they come . lucky bastard . could have be the other one . you never know . angle before Sam can understand what be happen the entire room fill with a strange preternatural light . suddenly he look up and freeze . the amorphous form he see right after he die be float down through the ceiling and reach for the body on the operate table . they be emit a powerful light . doctor hurry , we be lose he . man what would I tell you ? bingo ! the glow form take hold of the man 's spirit and help extract it from he body . his physical form change instantly from a solid object into a ethereal substance . Sam stare in amazement as the strange being carry the spirit upward . they evaporate through the ceiling . doctor he 's go . angle the light in the room grow dull instantly . nurse cover the dead man with a dark sheet as the doctor step away . Sam turn to the Old man . SAM who be you ? what 's happen ...? the man be not there . a orderly approach the gurney with Sam 's body and begin push it toward the elevator . Sam jump in front of he . SAM ( continue ) no ! CUT to : sam' p.o.v. as the stretcher begin to roll right through he . the penetration of he physical space be horrifying to Sam . he stand , almost paralyze , as the body of the orderly intersect with he . it be a stun moment of extraordinary strangeness as we witness the atom and molecule of the orderly 's body pass through he . it be like a glimpse of ultimate chaos , the universe within . then , in a flash , the orderly have pass through , but Sam be still shaking . he stare up at the ceiling . SAM oh God , help I . CUT to : sam' p.o.v. as the ceiling light and acoustical tile begin to blur . the hallway grow dark . it be as though Sam be black out . ext . cemetery - day slowly , image begin to emerge out of the blackness . it take a moment to realize that they be scene from Sam 's funeral . the camera track along row of mourner as see from SAM be p.o.v . he seem to be float among they . we hear snippet of conversation . it all seem strangely odd and disjoint . time seem unfix , malleable . we see a minister stand beside the grave . minister as we say farewell to we friend Sam wheat , we be remind of he kindness , he generosity , he buoyancy of spirit ... the camera keep moving . Sam 's associate from the bank be among the mourner . minister ( continue ) all that we treasure , we friend , we love one , we body , we mind , be but on loan to we . we must surrender they all . we be all traveler on the same road which lead to the same end . Sam notice a woman in a fancy print dress comforting one of the mourner . the woman look up at he , smile , and wave . Sam be surprised . he look behind he , but no one be there . as he turn back , the woman be walk away . she appear just like any normal person until she approach a large gravestone and pass right through it . Sam be shocked . minister as we love one enter eternal life , let we remember that love , too , be eternal , that although we will miss he , we love will light the void and dispel the darkness . suddenly , Molly enter the frame . Sam spot she . the camera stop . SAM Molly . she do not respond . RUTH , she sister , lean over to she . tear form in Molly 's eye . a hand reach out to give she a tissue . Molly look up . it be Carl . she give he she hand . he squeeze it with affection . minister ... and into you hand we commend he spirit . May he rest in peace . in the name of the Father , the Son , and the Holy ghost . amen . the casket be lower into the ground . Molly approach the grave . she we a little unsteady . Carl take she elbow . a shovel be place in she hand . with great emotional effort she lift a shovelful of dirt and toss it onto the casket . it land with a reverberating finality . Sam shudder . dissolve : long shot - people leave the cemetery . we hear they talk . voice what time you go back to work ?... what 's the buzz on digital ? it 's sad . he be so young ... how 's you new Honda ?... go away this weekend ? CUT back to : closeup - SAM desperately alone . down the hill , people be get back into they car . Sam can see Molly be let into a limousine . he stand there stare at he own casket , grieve . then , after a moment , he turn away . separate from he body , from he own grave site , he run after she . dissolve : int . loft - day Molly be sit on the couch in the middle of the loft surround by friend and well wisher . a young girl , she niece , cuddle in she lap . people be eat and milling around . slowly the camera begins to pan . it end on Sam , stand alone in a corner . in the midst of all the activity he be lose and alone . fade to black : angle Raw clay on a potter 's wheel spin hypnotically , sensuously . Molly 's wet hand press in , shaping it , molding it . a bowl begin to appear . the camera pull back and reveal Sam . he be sit on the floor behind she , knee press to he chest , rock aimlessly . Molly look away from the bowl she be form . it distort and bend . angry , she dig she finger into it . the bowl disintegrate . tear form in she eye . Frank jump up on the bench beside she . Molly stare sadly around the room . quietly , she begin talk to herself , to the air . molly oh God , Sam ... Sam look up . molly ( continue ) I pick up you shirt this morning . I do not know why . Mr. reynold say to tell you hello . I break into tear . it 's so hard ... Sam walk over to Molly . desperate for contact , he reach out to touch she cheek , but then hesitates and pull back . molly ( continue ) I think about you every minute . it 's like you be still here , like I can feel you , Sam . he stare at she , hope , wonder . SAM I be here , moll . I be . angle suddenly , as if hearing Sam 's voice , the cat begin to hiss . Molly spin around . the cat scan the room . unexpectedly , Sam 's and the cat 's eye meet ... with a wild screech , the cat jump from the bench and take off run . Sam recoil . Molly stand up . molly Frank , what 's wrong ? Frank ? the cat be nowhere to be see . all of a sudden , Molly freeze . Sam be stand right beside she . it be almost as though she sense he presence . molly ( continue ; whisper ) Sam ? she hold very still for a moment . Sam watch breathlessly , loving she , want she . then quietly , hopefully , he reach out . it be a useless gesture . in a moment of great poignancy , Molly shake she head and walk right through he . he remain in the frame , alone . int . bedroom - day Sam , stand in the corner of a large , walk - in closet , watch as Molly go through he effect . box , scattered underfoot , be fill up with he life 's possession . Molly reach for a shirt . SAM wait , moll . not that one . that 's my favorite ... she toss it into a box and then take down a sweater . it be obviously handmade , about four size too big . Sam recognize it . Molly hold the sweater tenderly and press it to she cheek . after a moment she put it back . then , in a surprising outburst , she cry out and begin flail at the shelf . everything come fly off . Sam reach out to console she . SAM ( continue ) Molly , do not . unexpectedly , Carl come rush into the room . he take hold of Molly and sit she on the bed . SAM ( continue ) say something . help she , Carl . carl it 's hard . it 's very hard . SAM ( sarcastic ) oh good . that 's really good . CUT to : omitted int . kitchen - day Molly and Carl be stand over the kitchen table fold pile of Sam 's clothes and place they into box . as Molly lift one of Sam 's jacket , something fall from a side pocket . it be he small black leather address book . Sam stare at it with recognition . Carl see the book fall and stoops to pick it up but Molly get it first . molly Sam 's address book . she skim through it a moment , but the memory it evoke be too powerful for she . she place it carefully into a box label " Sam 's thing -- valuable " and continue pack . she find the old jar with the penny in it . it 's mark " for luck " . she hold it tenderly for a moment and then place it on the nightstand beside the bed . Carl discover some old ticket stub in another of Sam 's jacket . he examine they . carl Dave brubeck . Newport ' 86 . should I toss them ? molly no ! SAM Molly , we hate that concert . she take the stub and lovingly put they in the box . Sam groan . Carl find a half use package of rolaid . Molly take they from he hand and put they in the box , too . carl oh , you want to save that ? SAM rolaid ? what be you doin ' moll ? Molly just stare for a moment . molly I miss he , Carl . Carl come over and take she hand . carl we all do . Molly bury she head on he shoulder . Carl stroke she hair . CUT to : angle Carl lift a pile of box and carry they to the door . suddenly Molly yell out . molly wait . wait . not that one . she hurry over and pull the " valuable " box from the stack in he arm . he look at it with surprise . carl oh , shit . I be sorry . I do not know how that get in there . he turn to the door and then back to Molly . carl ( continue ) hey , moll . why do not you come ? it 's like summer outside . molly no . carl just for a stroll . it would be good to get out . Molly shake she head and turn away . molly I can not do it Carl . Carl , annoyed , walk over to she . carl Molly ... you be not the one who die ! Molly stop and look at he . he have strike home . after a moment she nod she head . molly okay . just a short walk . he gently squeeze she shoulder . carl thata girl . before Sam even understand what be happen , they be exite the loft . Sam jump up and run after they . SAM hey , Molly ! wait ! angle the door slam shut . Sam be lock inside . frightened and desperate , he rush for the door knob . his hand sink through it . there be a strange sound , like electrical static , as it penetrate the metal and wood . frightened , he yank it back . Sam circle the space several time and then return to the door . clench he tooth , he reach out again . as he hand push up against it , we sense that he experience a subtle resistance . the hair on the back of he hand vibrate as he ghostly form press into it . we sense Sam 's fear as he entire arm disappear from view . the grate electrical SOUND shudder up he spine . the sight of he amputate limb be unsettle but Sam do not pull back . slowly he edge in and press he face into the molecule of the wood . CUT to : sam' p.o.v. as atom and electron spin past he at frightening speed . there be a sense of a universe in total chaos . terrify sound charge through he body . CUT to : SAM pull back from the door . he be tremble . int . loft - a hour later the camera move slowly through the loft and gradually discover SAM . he be sit in a corner sing quietly to himself . SAM " sing bye bye , miss american pie . drive my chevy to the levy , but the levy be dry . they good ol ' boy be drinkin ' whiskey and rye , and sing this will be the day that I ... " he stop , realize the last word of the song . he sit silently , stare at the wall . suddenly , there be a SOUND at the door . Sam 's eye shoot up . the door begin to open . Sam stand up . his face begin to tighten . we know instantly that something be wrong . his eye fill with a fury we have not see before . the mugger , the man who kill Sam , be enter the loft . he have a key in he hand and put it in he pocket . Sam be stunne . the mugger lock the door . angle Sam go wild . he shoot at the man with all he might , attack he unceasingly , but with no effect . his hand and foot pass right through he . SAM you motherfuck bastard ! what the hell be you do here ? what be you do ? the mugger , unaware that anything be go on , glance around nervously as he move through the vast space . angle enter the bedroom , the mugger go to the dresser and quickly examine the drawer . he be very neat , careful to leave no sign that he be there . he seem to be look for something but cannot find it . another angle suddenly we hear a key turning in the front door . the mugger seem startle . he dash from the bedroom and hide quickly behind one of the large sculpture . we hear the door OPEN . Molly be stand there . Sam go crazy . SAM Molly , no ! get out ! Molly close the door and lock it shut . Sam freeze as she head for the bedroom . she walk right past the mugger . to Sam 's horror she stop and turn to look around . there be a curious expression on she face . see nothing she continue through the loft . the mugger pull out he gun . Sam look on in absolute terror . Molly 's purple blouse hit the floor as she begin to remove she clothes . she turn on the radio . Sam do not know what to do . the mugger seem excited by Molly 's semi-nudity . he begin skirt the edge of the loft , move toward the bedroom . Sam be craze . suddenly , out of nowhere , Frank appear at the mugger 's foot . Sam 's eye light up . he drop to he knee , crawl over to he , glare into he eye , and scream . angle - the cat screech and jump straight up . his claw shoot out at the mugger 's face , rip into the flesh near he eye . blood appear . the mugger see it drip through he finger . the sight of it upset he . he grab the cat angrily by the neck . it squeal . Molly in she bra , peer from the bedroom . molly Frank , what 's wrong ? the mugger hold the cat 's mouth shut . see and hearing nothing , Molly step back into the bedroom . the mugger take the cat and throw it across the floor . holding he eye , he get up and rush for the exit . Sam run after he , but the door close before he can get through . he be leave inside . angle - SAM stare at the close door in a wild panic . he do not know what to do . then , summoning all of he courage , he take a blind , run slow motion leap and charge through it . sam' p.o.v. there be a brief sense of pass through a molecular force field , a miniature universe inside the door . angle - SAM as he emerge from the door and land on the other side . he seem excited to have survive and be very pleased with himself . ext . new york STREET - day the mugger step out onto the sidewalk and hurry toward the subway . a patch of sleeve soak up the blood from he eye . Sam start after the man but instantly freeze . horde of people crowd the sidewalk . the crush of humanity be frightening . two lover , hold hand , be come right at he . before Sam be able to move , we hear the sound of they arm cut through he ghostly form . Sam try instinctively to dodge the crowd but people approach he from all angle . we hear a baby carriage roll through Sam 's foot and he nearly fall over try to avoid it . his instinct will not let go . a barrage of image and sound assault Sam . it be more than he can handle . still , he refuse to give up . he stay close to the mugger . ext . new york subway station - day the mugger head down a flight of step into the irt . int . subway train - day the mugger get onto a crowded subway car . Sam stand near a corner of the train watch he . suddenly , Sam notice that something odd be happen . one of the rider at the other end of the car be walk toward he . as he approach the mugger , he do not stop , but pass right through he . it take Sam a moment to realize what be happen , but then it be too late . angle - the other ghost with unholy fury the New ghost charge into Sam . the attack be so unexpected and ferocious that Sam have no sense of how to defend himself . with unexpected power , the ghost grab hold of he and slam he into the subway door . Sam 's head plow right through it . angle on Sam 's head stick outside of the car as the subway tunnel rush past he . there be a panicked look on he face . the look intensify as he turn and see another train barrel down on he . angle on Sam 's body inside the car still struggle with the ghost as the other train shoot by the window . with a huge gasp , Sam shoot back into the car , and wrest himself free of the ghost 's hold . the ghost fly after he , screeching . Sam surge through the door at the end of the train and find himself on the bridge between the subway car . the subway ghost stare at he through the window with a wild , insane look . ghost stay off ! this be mine ! angle favoring window with shocking impact , the ghost 's fist go fly into the window . to Sam 's terror and amazement , the window shatter . the ghost smile . passenger scream and Sam dive for cover . Sam stare at the break glass with fascination and confusion . suddenly , the train move from the darkness of the tunnel into broad daylight . ext . elevate subway station - day the train stop at a elevate subway platform in Brooklyn . omitted sam' p.o.v. Sam see the mugger exite the train and frantically rush after he . ext . brooklyn street - day Sam follow the mugger down a long cover staircase to the street . ext . 321 prospect place - day the mugger head toward 321 prospect place . the street be line with old apartment building . many window be board up . two men , stand on the corner , be slamm a piece of heavy machinery onto the pavement . Sam hear gospel music come from a storefront church and notice a sign , " sister oda mae brown , medium , spirit reader , advisor . " he look up to a third story window and see a similar sign with day - glo arrow point to the entrance on the street . he seem curious , but then realize that the mugger be nearly halfway down the block . he turn and rush after he . ext . 321 prospect place - day Sam and the mugger approach a tenement building at 321 prospect place . int . tenement hallway - day Sam follow the mugger into the building and watch as he open the mail box for apt . 4d . the name scribble across it be willie LOPEZ . there 's no mail . int . willie' apartment - day Sam enter Willie 's apartment . it be a squalid affair . peeled paint chip litter the floor . the bed be unmade . Willie pull open a drawer in a small nightstand and drop in the key to Molly 's loft . Sam see he wallet . his driver 's license , bank id , and a photo of Molly be there , too . furious , Sam lunge for Willie but then hold he punch , know it will have no effect . he turn instead to a window and , like the ghost on the subway , smashes it with he fist . nothing happen . SAM damn ! Willie dial the phone . someone come on the line . willie she come home . I could not get it . give I a couple of day . I will go back . he hang up . Sam stare at he in wild confusion . SAM get what ? who the hell be you ? what be you do at Molly 's ? what the hell 's go on ? Willie grab a bottle of wine from the nightstand and lie down . after a moment he reach over and take Molly 's photo from the drawer . he study it slowly . Sam stand by the door in a state of motionless rage . there be nothing he can do . SAM ( continue ) stay away from she ! ext . brooklyn street - day Sam storm down the street . his movement seem undirected , utterly aimless . he be seethe inside . suddenly Sam look up . a old bag lady be walk down the street talk loudly to a short woman tagging along beside she . as they approach a street pole , the bag Lady swerve to the side . the short woman , however , walk right through it . passersby laugh at the Old Lady talk to herself . Sam , unsettle , rush away . as Sam round a corner , a sudden blast of music explode out of nowhere . Sam jump into the street , gasp . a phonograph needle scratch across a record and the music stop . a woman 's voice boom out : woman' voice sorry ' bout that . panning shot to a pair of loudspeaker in a storefront window . the music blare out once more and sound of gospel fill the street . Sam look up . he be back in front of the storefront church with the sign for sister oda mae brown , medium , spirit reader , advisor , hang overhead . below it be another sign . " contact the dearly depart . $ 20.00 " . Sam stare at the sign with curiosity . the music be compelling . after a moment 's hesitation , he go in the open door . int . storefront - day a record player be sit near the storefront window , a makeshift microphone place in front of it . several row of fold chair face a raise platform with nothing on it . a number of people be sit there , mostly woman . one get the sense that this be a cross between a wait room and a meeting hall . a black woman step up on the platform and call out : woman Rosa santiago . mrs . santiago tuck a Spanish paperback romance into she purse and head to a door at the rear of the hall . Sam follow after she . int . seance room - day Mrs. santiago enter a dark room with a window and door lead to a side street . a paisley bedspread be tack over the window . in the center of the room be a round seance table . two heavyset sister , clara ( 39 ) , and louise ( 36 ) , be stand beside a open closet . it be empty . woman please be seat . Mrs. santiago sit at the table . she seem apprehensive . Clara step into the closet and tap on each of the wall as though demonstrate that they be solid . clara my sister will be with we soon . she step back out and close the door . Louise insert a tape into a boom box and then step forward . louise sister oda mae . grant we the gift of you all - see presence . appear for we now . angle favoring closet she turn back to the closet and open the door . like magic , oda mae brown , 41 , appear stand inside . she be a black woman in a white tunic . the whiteness of she garment make it look as if she be glow in the dark . Mrs. santiago be wide -ey . Sam smile as oda mae step into the room . oda mae Mrs. santiago . mrs . santiago Buenos dias . she take a twenty dollar bill from she purse and hand it to oda mae . Clara graciously intercept the money . oda mae I understand you be hope to contact you husband . mrs . santiago si. si. oda mae well , I believe he 's gonna be with we today . mrs . santiago oh , tsank you , tsank you . tear well up in she eye . she cross herself several time . oda mae but there 's no tell about the other world . you gotta cast out all doubt . you gotta believe . do you believe ? mrs . santiago ( nodd she head vigorously ) si. si. I believe . I believe . oda mae and remember , we do not make no promise . I can phone up there till I be blue in the face , ( she point to the ceiling ) ... but it do not necessarily mean he 's gonna be home . they folk go shopping , they play bingo . it 's just like here . you can not always get them . Mrs. santiago , utterly fascinate , nod understandingly . SAM sure lady ! oda mae 's eye glance up curiously for a second , as though she hear something , and then she continue . oda mae okay , let 's get ready then . Sam step back as the sister get up and position themselves behind oda mae . the moment feel rehearse , theatrical . oda mae raise she hand into the air and close she eye . there be a hush in the room . her body begin to tremble . Mrs. santiago clutches she chair . suddenly oda mae break out of she trance . oda mae we get a problem here . I do not think he 's in . wait . I feel something . do he know someone who 's pass over , someone name Anna ... Mary ... consuela ... Maria ? mrs . santiago Si , si ! his mama . she 's Maria . oda mae ah ! I know it . he 's with he mama . SAM ( sarcastic ) oh my God ... oda mae 's eye dart uncomfortably around the room . oda mae I be afraid this be gonna be too hard . now I get two soul I gotta contact . I do not know about that . it 's difficult , you know . the pain . the effort . mrs . santiago I pay more . how much ? how much ? oda mae twenty dollar . SAM Way to go . milk she for every penny . oda mae jump up and stare at she sister . they look back at she curiously . they can not figure out what 's wrong . neither can oda mae . Mrs. santiago reach into she purse . a twenty dollar bill change hand . Sam watch , amaze at it all . oda mae sit down and go back into she trance . her eyeball roll up into they socket . clara / louise praise the Lord . thank you , Jesus . oda mae be beginning to shake again . the two woman grab she shoulder to keep she from fall out of the chair . suddenly she whole body stiffen . clara / louise ( continue ) have mercy ! have mercy ! Mrs. santiago stare on in amazement . after a moment oda mae 's body collapse in a heap . then , like a phoenix rise from the ash , she pull herself up in she chair and assume a normal pose . after several second to get she bearing , oda mae begin to speak . only now she have a entirely new voice . it sound deep and hoarse , like a old man' . for all its put on theatricality , it be strangely convincing . oda mae welcome , Rosa santiago . you be fortunate today . the channel be clear . many spirit be gather . SAM ( scan the room ) yeah ? where ? oda mae jerk . her eye dart nervously around the room . mrs . santiago my husband ? oda mae ( a bit uneasy ) I can feel he vibration . yes , yes , he be draw toward we now . I can see he come . mrs . santiago julio ! julio ! how be he ? how do he look ? oda mae oh , he be a very handsome man . mrs . santiago ( surprised ) handsome ? oda mae in we Father 's Kingdom we be all handsome . mrs . santiago ( understanding ) julio ! Sam look on dismay . oda mae he be stand before I . he be wear a black suit . mrs . santiago a black suit ? oh yes , yes . he be bury in that . Mrs. santiago begin to cry . Sam look around the room with grow disgust . then he lean over to oda mae and yell into she ear . SAM what a crock of shit ! oda mae nearly fall off she chair . she spin around . oda mae who 's there ? Sam be stunne . Clara and Louise look at one another in total confusion . this be obviously not part of the act . Mrs. santiago seem frighten . oda mae ( continue ) where be you ? SAM ( look around ) who ? oda mae scream and jump up thrashing at the air . her knee kick the table and send it toppling . Mrs. santiago be terrify . mrs . santiago julio ! julio ! SAM what 's go on ? oda mae get out of here ! leave I alone ! Mrs. santiago do not know what to do . she begin to cry . SAM who be you talk to ? Clara run up to oda mae . oda mae keep he away ! Louise look at the empty room . SAM be you talk to I ? oda mae do something . help I . Clara just stare at she sister . Sam be excited and amaze . SAM I do not believe this . hey you . my name be Sam wheat . can you hear I ? Sam wheat ! oda mae stop it ! SAM say my name ! Sam wheat ! say it ! clara talk to I , oda mae . say something . oda mae Sam wheat ! Sam nearly fall on he face . Clara 's eye widen . she be more confuse than ever . SAM Jesus ! clara samweet ? oda mae run into the closet . it have a false panel lead to a hide chamber on the leave side and she barricade herself inside it . Clara and Louise stand outside pull on the handle . they seem frighten . clara / louise oda mae ! oda mae ! int . closet - day oda mae be rock back and forth on the floor praying . Sam 's foot enter the frame beside she . oda mae Lord , I swear , no more cheatin' . I promise , Lord . I do not want to go to hell . I will do anything . gimme a penance . just make he go away . SAM go away . Hell no . I be stayin ' right here ! oda mae scream , jump back into the closet , and bolt up against the door . it tear from its hinge and fall into the seance room , nearly crush Louise . Mrs. santiago run out scream . oda mae take one look around and collapse in a dead faint . omitted int . oda mae' livingroom - day bead of sweat collect on oda mae 's brow and cheek . she seem feverish . Clara and Louise be sit beside she with damp towel nervously soaking up the perspiration . oda mae appear to be talk to herself until we pull back and reveal Sam nearby . oda mae my mama , she mama , may they rest in peace , they have de gift . mama always say I have it , but I never do . she tol ' I all about it , how it feel a ' all . but now that it 's happenin ' I do not know what to do . you be scarin ' I half to death . please , you gotta go away , you gotta find someone else . Clara and Louise look at one another with grow concern . SAM someone else ? be you outta you mind ? oda mae I be gettin ' there fast . ( she push Louise 's hand ) leave I alone . SAM not till you help I . oda mae where be you ? louise where ? I be right here . SAM I be stand right beside you . oda mae ( mimick he word ) " I be stand right beside you . " ( she pause and look up ) be you white ? SAM what ? oda mae oh God , I know it . he 's white . why I ? Louise look at she sister and shake she head . SAM listen , damn it . you can help I . there 's a woman , Molly Jensen . she 's in terrible danger . the man who kill I break into we apartment . he 's go to go back . you have gotta warn she . oda mae why would she listen to I ? SAM she have to ! this man 's a killer ! he 's get a key . oda mae forget it , mister . I can not . SAM it 's just a phone call . you be all I have get . lookit . I be not leavin ' till you help I . I do not sleep anymore , so I can sit here day and night . I do not care how long it take . I can talk forever . oda mae gulp , a horrify expression on she face . int . loft - day the telephone ring . Molly , prepare dinner , run to answer it . molly hello . oda mae ( v.o. ) Molly ? be this Molly speak ? molly yes . oda mae ( v.o. ) my name be oda mae . I be a spiritual reader and adviser . ( she hesitates ) I be call for a friend of yours . he ask I to call . this be important . you gotta believe I . do not be afraid . molly who be this ? oda mae ( v.o. ) I get a message from Sam . molly ( stunne ) what ? oda mae ( v.o. ) Sam wheat . he ask I to call . Molly slam down the receiver , panting . for several second she do not move . slowly , she walk to the couch and sit down . she be tremble . int . oda mae' kitchen - day oda mae hang up the phone . oda mae what would I tell you . SAM you gotta go there . oda mae look , I do not care what you do to I , I be not goin ' nowhere . int . oda mae' bedroom - night Sam be sit on the edge of oda mae 's bed , sing . it sound like he 's be sing for hour . he be very hoarse . SAM " I be henery the eighth I be / henery the eighth I be , I be / I be gettin ' marry to the widow next door / she 's be marry seven time before / and every one be a henery / would not take a Willie or a Sam / I be she eighth old man I be henery / henery the eighth I be , I be / henery the eighth I be / second verse same as the first / I be henery the eighth I be ... " oda mae bolt upright in she bed , she hand over she ear . oda mae okay ! okay ! I will go . you just shut you mouth . ext . new york CITY bus - establishing shot - day int . bus - day Sam and oda mae be sit at the rear of a crowded bus . she appear to be talk to herself . oda mae I can not believe I be doin ' this . I gotta be a crazy lady goin ' into the city with you . I never go there . what the hell you doin ' in my life , huh ? why I ? several people move away . omitted ext . loft build - day oda mae approach the loft building and buzze Molly 's apartment . she wait a few moment . oda mae there 's nobody there . SAM just wait . oda mae no , sir . I do what I promise . I say I would come and I be here . I do not say anything ' bout waitin ' . SAM just one more time . please . it 's a big place . oda mae turn to leave . Sam , desperate , start to sing . SAM ( continue ) " ninety - nine bottle of beer on the wall , ninety nine bottle of beer , " oda mae stop . she turn back to the buzzer and ring once more . suddenly Molly answer . molly ( v.o. ) hello , who 's there ? oda mae ( nervous ) do not go away . it 's oda mae Brown . I call you last night . you friend Sam say you gotta talk to I . there be a click as Molly hang up . int . loft - day Molly walk away from the intercom , shake . suddenly we hear oda mae yell up from the street . oda mae ( o.s. ) hey you , Molly ! you gotta listen to I ! this be for real . Sam be here . he need to talk to you . Molly walk over to the window and look down . oda mae be stand in the street look up . she be call out at the top of she lung . Molly pull back . she be afraid . oda mae ( o.s. ) ( continue ) he say remember the starfish at montego Bay ? remember the picture he take a ' you in reno ? ( pause ) remember he green underwear , the pair you write you name on ? she write she name on them ? Molly tense . there be a sign of recognition in she eye . ext . tribeca STREET - day oda mae be stand by the curb and shouting up to Molly 's fifth floor window . several people stare at she curiously . she turn to they . oda mae hey , do you mind ? this here 's a private conversation . the people turn away . she turn back to the window . Sam prompt she . SAM ask she about the sweater in the closet , the one she knitted that 's too big . oda mae what about the sweater you knitted that be too big ? SAM four size . oda mae four size . SAM she could not throw it out . I see . I be there . oda mae you could not throw it out . he see . he be there . this be for real . hey do you hear I up there ? a workman peer out of a second story window . workman I hear you . oda mae I be not talkin ' to you . workman have not you ever hear of phone ? oda mae kiss my behind ! ( yell again ) listen , I be not gonna stand here all day . workman thank God . oda mae forget it . I have have enough of this . oda mae be about to walk away when the entrance door open . Molly step outside . oda mae see she and stop . oda mae ( continue ) Molly ? ( Molly nod ) I be oda mae Brown . ( walk over and shaking she hand ) you can call I oda . int . soho luncheonette - day Molly and oda mae be sit in a booth stare at one another . molly why should I believe you ? why should I believe any of this ? oda mae girl , if you think I would come down here for the fun of it , you get another think comin ' . this Sam of yours ... I do not know , lady . I mean , you ever hear a whole night of " Henry the eighth I be ? " molly he do that ? that 's how he get I to go out with he . oda mae and he cai not carry a tune . molly I know . oh God . this be all so crazy . I can not believe I be talk to you like this . I do not believe in this thing . I do not believe in life after death . SAM tell she she 's wrong . oda mae he say you be wrong . molly you be talk to he right now ? oda mae what ? you think I be makin ' it up ? molly where be he ? oda mae how should I know ? it 's not like I can see he . I just hear he voice . SAM I be hold she hand . oda mae he say he 's hold you hand . molly I be sorry . I do not believe you . why be you do this to I ? I do not believe a word you be say . Sam be dead . he 's dead . SAM I be hold she hand . oda mae he say he 's hold you hand . Molly 's hand jump . oda mae look at she . there be a long , poignant moment . Sam choke up . SAM God , I love she . I love she so much . oda mae he say he love you ... so much . molly ( shaking she head ) no . he would never say that . SAM ( he eye brighten ) ditto . tell she " ditto " . oda mae ditto ? what 's that mean , ditto ? Molly start , a expression of true astonishment shine in she eye . molly Sam ? int . loft - day Molly be press up against the edge of the couch listen nervously as oda mae speak . Sam wander around the room , anxiously . oda mae to tell the truth , I do not know how I be doin ' it . in fack , confidentially , nothin ' like this never happen to I before . now , all a sudden , I can not turn it off . ( she see a photo of Sam ) be this you ? be this he ? they both say " yes " at the same time . oda mae ( continue ; to Sam ) hazel eye , huh ? you sound like they would be blue . molly I do not understand . why do he come back ? why be he still here ? oda mae Cause he 's stick , that 's why . he 's between world . it happen sometimes , when they spirit get out too quick . he think he still have stuff t'do down here . SAM come on oda mae , stop rambling . oda mae oh , oh , now he 's get a attitude . Molly stare at oda mae . SAM I do not have a attitude . oda mae ( to Molly ) we be have a discussion . ( back to Sam ) whataya mean , you be not angry ? if you be not angry you would not be raisin ' you voice like that . SAM goddamn it , oda mae ! oda mae ah ah , baby . that do it . I do not talk to anybody who take the Lord 's name in vain . she stand up , as if to leave . Molly watch with grow discomfort as oda mae seem to be talk to herself . SAM relax , oda mae . oda mae you relax . you be the dead one . you want my help , then you apologize . nobody talk to I like that , understand ? SAM Jesus Christ ! oda mae ( to Molly ) Excuse I , girl . time for I to go . oda mae head for the door . Molly be confuse . molly I do not believe I be watch this . SAM damn it . all right . I apologize . oda mae stop , pause a moment , and walk back to the couch . Sam , relieved , pace back and forth . oda mae 's eye follow he voice as Molly watch she curiously . SAM ( continue ) please , oda mae , I need you to tell Molly what I be say . you gotta tell she word for word . oda mae monsieur have a message for you . SAM Molly , you be in danger . oda mae you can not tell she like that . and would you stop movin ' all over the place ? you be makin ' I sick . Molly look concerned . Sam lean into oda mae . SAM say it ! oda mae he 's sayin ' you be in danger . molly danger ?... what do you mean ? SAM I know the man who kill I . Willie Lopez . I know where he life . oda mae he say he know the man who kill he , Willie Lopez . he 's Puerto rican . Molly grow pale as she listen . her forehead tighten . SAM write it down . oda mae write it down . SAM you do it ! oda mae now I be a secretary . oda mae take a card from she purse and grab a pencil . SAM 321 prospect place . apartment 4d . oda mae 321 ? hey , that 's my neighborhood . oda mae seem perplex as she write it down and give it to Molly . SAM Molly , he 's get my wallet and my key . he be in here . oda mae he 's get he wallet and key . he be in here . molly in here ? SAM ( directly to Molly ) you have to go to the police . the mugger be not act alone . it be a setup , moll . I be murder . oda mae he say he be set up , that he be murder . he want you to go to the police . Molly stand up , afraid . oda mae stand up , too . oda mae ( continue ) I be sorry . I do not want nothin ' to do with this . oda mae head for the door as Molly watch in a daze . SAM where you go ? oda mae do not follow I ! I have do all I be gonna do . ( open the door ) I be finish . and I be not comin ' back . so do not you come botherin ' I again cause it 's over . I mean it . this be it . have a nice life . have a nice death . I be goin ' . she let herself out . Sam just stand there as the door slam shut . omitted int . kitchen - that night Carl be pace nervously . he seem very upset . after a moment he approach Molly . Sam be behind she . carl Molly , there 's no one on earth who would like it to be true more than I , but you have get to be rational about this . I understand you desire to hold on to he , but this ... this be absurd . molly it be real , Carl . she be real . SAM listen to she , Carl , goddamn it . she need some support here . carl Molly , you be a grow woman . how can you believe some fortune teller from Brooklyn ...? molly she be in touch with he . carl I do not believe it , Molly . not for a minute . SAM come on , Carl . open you mind . Carl sit down beside she . molly Carl , she know thing . carl what kind of thing ? molly I tell you , the picture in reno , the starfish , ... damn it , carl. ( with great difficulty ) she say Sam know who kill he . that he be set up ... murder . carl oh boy . this be get derange . we be go off the deep end here . SAM give he the address , moll . molly she have a name , a address -- Willie Lopez , 321 prospect place . she say he have Sam 's wallet . Sam smile . Carl stand up . his voice begin to rise . carl this be sick . this be really sick . how can you swallow this crap ? who know if this guy exist ? maybe she 's just set someone up . molly that 's what I have to find out . carl find out ? what be you talk about ? molly Sam want I to go to the police . carl Sam want you to go to the police ? Molly ! Jesus ! be you outta you mind ? what be you gonna tell them ? some storefront psychic 's be get message from the dead ? do you know how that sound ? you be talkin ' ghost here , for God 's sake . Molly look suddenly vulnerable . carl ( continue ) I be sorry . this stuff just really get to I . molly you do not believe I . you do not believe any of this , do you ? carl ( half heartedly ) I be try to , but ... look , if it will make you sleep any better , I will check it out , okay ? now why do not you go to bed . try and get some sleep . Molly look at Carl , annoyed . she do not believe he for a second . int . carl be car - night Carl , in he red Ford mustang , be speed up town . Sam be beside he in the front seat . int . willie' build - night Carl step into the lobby of Willie 's building . Sam follow , wide - eye . he seem both intrigue and astound by what Carl be do . when Carl stop to read the apartment number on Willie 's mail box , Sam be thrilled . SAM Way to go , Carl ! Carl climb the stair two at a time and approach Willie 's door . he bang on it , loudly . angle - the door open a crack as Willie peer out . Carl push it hard and it open the rest of the way . Willie step back . willie Carl , what be you doin ' here ? Sam freeze as Willie address Carl by name . he can barely move . carl ( scared , in over he head ) who have you be talk to ? willie talk to ? what the hell do you mean ? what 's go on ? carl some woman know all about you . the murder , everything . where 's she get it from , huh ? willie what the hell be you talk about ? I have not say a word . Sam be staggered . his body be shaking . carl she know you name , goddamn it ! she know where you live ! willie a lot of woman know where I live . Carl be fume . carl this be not a joke , man . you find that bitch , whoever she be , and ... get rid of she , you hear I ? I have get four million dollar stick in that fuck computer . if I do not get that code , if that money 's not transfer soon , I be dead . if I lose balistrari 's money , we be both dead . willie tell he you only wash dirty money on the first of the month . carl what be wrong with you ? be everything a joke ? you be suppose to steal he wallet . you be not suppose to kill he . be that a joke ? willie ( casually ) I do you a favor . freebee . carl Jesus ! ( sicken ) this be drug dealer , man . ( pause ) do not blow this for I , Willie . I have risk my job here . I could go to jail . a hundred thousand of that money go to I . now give I Sam 's key . I will get that address book myself . Willie go to the desk drawer and take out Sam 's key . Sam , unable to control himself , explode in a fit of rage . hauling back , he slug Carl with all he might . his fist have no impact . SAM you kill I , Carl . you have I kill . look what you have do to I ! look what you have do ! ext . STREET - night Carl be on the street head back to he car . Sam be beside he , yell right into he face . he be scream and cursing at the top of he lung but Carl do not hear he . SAM you fucker ! you mother fucker ! I have a life , goddamn you . I have a life ! from the distance , we see Sam smash into Carl . it be like hit the air . for all of he rage and bluster , there be nothing he can do . ext . loft build - day Molly , neatly dress , exit she building and hail a cab . she hop inside . second later she hop out again , yell . molly you white fascist bigot . who do you think you be ? bed stuy 's part of New York , you know . this be America . the driver speed off . Molly give he the finger . ext . brooklyn street - elevate train - day Molly exit a subway station and walk toward 131st Street . she be the only white woman on the block and head turn as she pass . woman hey , snow , you lose or sumpin' ? Molly pay no attention . Children run up to she , stare , and run away . tracking shot when Molly turn down 131st Street , the crowd disperse and she be all alone . there be a sense of menace in the air . a group of young man sit on a stoop watch as she walk by . one of they whistle . Molly keep walk . ext . / int . willie' build Molly see Willie 's building . she walk into the dank lobby . it be dark and full of shadow . lean close , she examine the mail box . Willie 's name be there . she back away , afraid . int . livingroom - day a dresser drawer open and a box label " Sam 's thing -- valuable " be slowly pull out . a hand reach inside it and extract Sam 's address book . as the camera pull back , we see that it be Carl stand in Molly and Sam 's livingroom . Carl open the book and quickly jot down a series of code number he find in the back . his eye sparkle with excitement . int . police station - detective's office - day Molly be sit in a room opposite detective sergeant thomas beiderman , 48 , and sergeant dorothy wallace , 29 . both officer be stare at she as she speak . she seem very uncomfortable . molly look , you have gotta believe I . I do not even believe this stuff , myself . but this be real . do you think I would come here if it be not real ? you tell I to come if I have any new information . well , here I be . the officer do not respond . molly ( continue ) do not look at I like that . you guy use psychics all the time . there be dead silence . molly ( continue ) damn it . I know how this sound . I hear myself say it and I want to cringe . but this woman know thing she could not have know , intimate detail . wallace how intimate ? molly thing Sam only say to I . wallace ( smirk ) okay , let I get this straight . accord to this psychic lady , there be ghost and spirit all over the place , watch we all the time , huh ?... ( she stand up ) I be sorry . I have get important thing to do . she leave the room . Molly give she a dirty look and turn to beiderman . molly I be tell you . the killer 's name be Willie Lopez . I have get he address . you have get to check it out . sgt. beiderman get up and look over to Molly . sgt . beiderman okay . you just wait here . let I see if this guy 's get a record . he head out of the room . Molly sit back with a air of enormous relief and gratitude . sergeant wallace come into the room again and pick up a folder . Molly wait nervously . after a moment sergeant beiderman return with a police file in he hand . Molly look up at he , and then smile at wallace as she see it . she feel vindicate . he lay the thick folder on the desk and open it up . she hurry over to he . CUT to : mug shot of oda mae and ream of police paperwork . widen as Molly stare at it all in sudden shock . molly what be you do ? where 's you file on Willie Lopez ? sgt . beiderman there 's no file for a Willie Lopez . he be probably some old boyfriend she be try to get even with . this psychic woman 's record go back a long way . fraud , number racket , you name it . she 's a real pro . CUT back and forth between the record and Molly 's stunne reaction . we see recent photo of oda mae and other go back to she youth . they be fascinating and revealing . we even see photo of she mother and grandmother . in addition , there be page of arrest record and prison file . sgt . beiderman ( continue ) 1967 . Shreveport , Louisiana . forgery , sell false id . served one year . 1971 . baton rouge . arrested for fraud , number racketeer . served ten month . 1974 . hattiesburg , Mississippi . fraud , seven month . 1984 . albany , New York . petty larceny . it go on and on . Molly be overwhelm by the evidence . sgt . beiderman ( continue ) this woman 's a charlatan . you can not believe anything she say . molly this be not possible . there be word , private thing . how could she have know all that ? sgt . beiderman they have way . molly Ways ? what way ? sgt . beiderman they have get a million con . a lot of time they read the obit . all she have to do be see the word " banker " . Hell , they even go through you garbage to find thing they can use , letter , old papers . they do not need much . Molly turn away . sgt . beiderman ( continue ) I bet you throw stuff out , huh ? it could have be anything . what about that underwear she know all about ? Molly 's eye widen . sgt . beiderman ( continue ) Green underwear . I will bet she zeroed right in on that . molly no ! she be real . she say thing . she know about a sweater I knitted , about song we sing ... she know about this place we go , montego Bay ... Molly begin to cry . sgt . beiderman I be sorry . I know this be hard . people want so much to believe . they be grieve , vulnerable . they would give anything for one last moment ... money , insurance policy . believe I , this people know what they be do . look , I know how you must feel . you know , you can press charge . Molly shake she head no . sgt. beiderman close the file . Molly sit for a long time . she be in terrible pain . molly oh God , I want it to be Sam . sgt. beiderman nod he head compassionately and then turn away . int . bedroom - late afternoon ( the same day ) Molly be sit in she bedroom . the glow of the late afternoon sunlight cast long shadow across the bed . she seem deeply depressed and alone . gradually she gaze fall on a jar sit on the nightstand . in it be the penny Sam find when they be first work on the loft . a label on the jar say , " for luck ! " in a moment of sudden rage , she pick it up and throw it against the wall . it shatter on the floor . int . carl office - night the code from Sam 's address book , jotted on a piece of paper , be sit beside Carl . carl ( excitedly ) God , let this be it ! anxiously , Carl punch the code into a computer and , suddenly , Sam 's old account appear on the screen . a look of relief waft across Carl 's face . carl ( continue ) oh God , yes ! Carl be stare at the same account Sam be examine the afternoon before he be kill , the account with too much money in they . Carl pick up the phone and punch a number . someone answer . carl ( continue ) tony , this be Carl . I be all set . we be fine . everything 's fine . just tell I what you want I to do . a voice on the other end begin to speak . voice we want you to transfer the money from the 12 separate account into a single account under the name " rita Miller " . tomorrow , at five minute before close , 3:55 P. marry , transfer the full account to first Island Bank of nassau , registry number 486 - 9580 . Carl write it all down . voice ( continue ) call we when it 's do . carl tell Mr. balistrari there will not be any problem . voice I will do that . Carl hang up . he seem deeply relieved . reveal SAM he be stand in front of Carl , watch . quickly , Carl begin punch command into the computer . he be set up the dummy account . rita Miller , # 926-31043 . int . loft - the same night Molly , in a short terrycloth robe , be sit in a chair . a magazine be on she lap but she be stare vacantly into the loft . she seem lose in the vast space . Sam be pace back and forth . there be a melancholy look in he eye . SAM why can not you hear I , Molly ? I need you . suddenly the bell ring . Molly jump . Molly 's finger be on the intercom . she seem unsettle . molly who 's there ? carl Molly , it 's Carl . can I come up ? Sam freeze . Molly be surprised . she hesitates a moment and then push the buzzer to let he in . we hear Carl bound up the stair . SAM do not open it . he 's a murderer , moll ! there be a knock . Molly open the door . Carl seem buoyant , almost celebratory . he have a bag of fruit in he hand . he be still in a suit and tie . carl hi. thanks . I know it 's late . I be sorry to disturb you . I feel bad about last night . this supernatural stuff just make I so uncomfortable . I do not even read horoscope . molly do not worry . it 's okay . carl no it 's not . you need I to hear you and I do not and that be wrong . I want you to know that I be you friend , moll . SAM you be never we friend . carl ( hold out a paper bag ) hey , I bring you some japanese apple pear . I know you like they . molly ( take the bag ) oh , that 's so sweet . carl listen , can I come in for a minute ? I will not stay long . I have have one of that day . maybe a cup of coffee ? SAM no , moll . do not do it . do not let he in ! molly ( hesitate ) sure . omitted int . livingroom - night Carl , in shirt sleeve and Molly in she robe , be sit on the couch drink coffee . we notice that Carl be wear yellow suspender . Sam be beside himself , watch they . molly be you alright ? you look nervous , upset . carl ( glance at she thigh ) what can I tell you . it 's be tough . Hell , you know . it still hurt so much . ( he pose sadly ) then on top of it all ... it 's the responsibility . they have give I my own account , but I have have no time to adjust . my mind have be reeling . Molly reach out and pat he arm . there be a awkward pause . carl ( continue ) where be you this morning ? I think you be come to the bank to sign that papers . molly I do not have time . ( beat ) I go to the police , Carl . Sam look at she , amaze . Carl , on the other hand , stiffen . he laugh nervously . carl you be kid . you really do it ? I do not believe ... what do you tell they ? what do they say ? molly you be right , you know . I feel like such a fool . they bring out a file on this psychic woman ten inch thick . it be awful . carl ( relieved ) a ripoff artist , huh ? SAM ( shocked ) Molly , no . molly the sad part be that I believe she . I believe she , carl. ( pause ) it be all a sham . carl ( relax ) sometimes we need to believe . molly why ?... I be a fool . I do not believe anything anymore . why would people do such thing ? Sam be devastate . carl ( milk it ) it 's hard to face reality , moll , the hard cold fact of it . what you have to remember be the love you feel . that 's what 's real . you have to remember how good Sam be . how much he love you . Molly hold back tear . Carl reach out tenderly and stroke she hair . carl ( continue ) you be everything to he , Molly . you be he life . molly ( finally cry ) I feel so alone . carl you be not alone . you be young . you have get so much talent . you be fantastically gorgeous . molly ( appreciate he word ) oh God , I do not know what 's real anymore . I do not know what to think . carl just think about Sam . think about what he mean to you , the year you have together , how wonderful they be . Carl glide he hand slowly , lovingly across she cheek . carl ( continue ) let you feeling out . almost imperceptibly , he hand move down to the nape of she neck . as she move , she robe open slightly . Carl notice , glimpsing she nakedness beneath it . Sam notice , too . he freeze . carl ( continue ) life turn on a dime , moll . people think they have forever , that they will always have tomorrow . but it 's not true . Sam teach we that . we have to live for now , for today . Molly can barely contain she tear . Carl move toward she moist cheek and kiss they gently . slowly , he guide he lip to she neck and kiss it , too . it be all hateful and sensual at the same time . Sam turn away . Molly feel Carl 's tenderness , need it . she do not notice he hand reach for the cord on she robe and slowly pull it toward he . with a little tug the cord unravel and the robe fall open . Molly be confuse , arouse , not sure what to do . she start to pull it close . he hold she hand . for a moment they do nothing . then he finger reach for she thigh . her body quiver . Carl feel she openness and pull closer , he hand rise gently up she naked body . Molly 's eye close . she say nothing . SAM no !!! omitted angle Sam charge wildly at the couch and begin flail uncontrollably at the two of they . unexpectedly he foot kick out and hit a frame photograph of he and Molly that 's sit on a end table . the picture crash to the floor , the glass shatter . Molly jump up , the mood suddenly break . she see the photo and recoil . Carl reach for she . she back away . Sam be stunne by what have happen . he jump up and try kick over another picture but nothing move . his foot go right through it . Molly look at Carl , drying she tear . molly I can not . I be sorry . I can not . it 's too soon ... you have be great Carl , but ... I need you to leave . please . I need you to . carl sure . it 's okay . I understand . I really do . she reach out and take he hand . carl ( continue ) look , what if we have dinner tomorrow night ? just talk . can I interest you in that ? SAM no !!! Molly hesitates a moment and then nod she head " yes " . Carl smile . int . subway station - night Sam rush madly down a flight of stair into a subway station . a train be just leave . he jump on board . CUT to : int . subway train - night Sam begin quickly case the aisle , look for something . it be not there . another train can be see speed past the window . Sam take a run leap and jump onto it , pass through the wall . CUT to : omitted angle - SAM disappointed . suddenly , a express train pass alongside he local . Sam stick he face inside it . suddenly , he smile and rush onto it . angle Sam do not have to stand there long . within second , the terrifying ghost he have see before come charge at he . we notice he more clearly now . he be wear a dark blue pea coat . there be a grizzle look about he . he have stain tooth and seem perpetually unshaven . ghost get off my train ! this time Sam do not back away . he hold he ground . the ghost let fire every trick in he arsenal . poster come fly off the wall . a bag of grocery topple from a woman 's arm , a old man 's cane fly across the aisle , a boy 's Met cap flip off he head . people on the train move quickly to other car . unable to frighten he , the ghost kick Sam in the stomach . Sam recoil , feel it , but get back up again . he be angry now . he begin raging at the other ghost . the ghost be shocked . SAM teach I how you do that ! I want to learn ! I be not leave till you teach I ! the ghost , exhaust , look up at he and smile with appreciation . ghost you stubborn asshole . Sam nod in agreement . CUT to : SAM and the ghost sit in the corner of a desert subway station . Sam be try desperately to push a bottle cap with he finger . ghost ( continue ) what be you do ? what be you do ? you can not push it with you finger . you be dead . the ghost demonstrate , kick a garbage pail onto its side . Sam can not quite tell how he do it . SAM I do not get it . ghost it 's you mind , you idiot . it 's all in the mind . the problem be you think you be still real , that you be standin ' on the floor , that you be wearin' that clothes . bullshit ! you do not even have a body anymore . it 's all up here . you wanna move thing , you gotta use you mind . you gotta focus ! you hear what I be say ? SAM how do you focus ? ghost I do not know how you focus ! you just focus ! with surprising energy , the ghost flick a bottle cap and send it shoot across the subway platform . ghost ( continue ) it 's all in the anger . you gotta direct it . you gotta channel it . SAM I be angry all the time . it do not do a thing . ghost Cause you be angry all over . you gotta be angry here , in the pit of you stomach . bring it down here . let it explode . ( he make a explosive gesture ) it 's like a reactor , you know . pow ! he kick a Coke can toward Sam . Sam try to kick it back and miss . the ghost laugh . Sam get angry . he try again and fall on he head . the ghost laugh louder . now Sam be really angry . we see he force the anger down into he stomach . he hold still for a moment and then kick at the can with all he might . to he shock and amazement , it sail right through the ghost 's head . the ghost smile . SAM I do it ! ghost Way to go . CUT to : SAM practice . he smashes at a abandon tennis shoe with he fist . nothing happen . ghost from you gut . what do I keep tellin ' you ? Sam 's stomach bulge . he try again . nothing . ghost ( continue ) give it time ! what else have you get ? undaunted , Sam try once more . this time the tennis shoe move . the ghost nod he head approvingly . Sam be thrilled . SAM how long have you be here ? ghost since they push I . SAM someone push you ? ghost yeah , someone push I ! SAM who ? ghost what ? you do not believe I ? you think I fall ? you think I jump ? well , fuck you ! ( a unexpected rage start to build ) it be not my time ! I be not suppose to go ! I be not suppose to be here ! venom spew from the ghost 's mouth . suddenly he ram a cigarette machine full force with he head . the glass shatter and pack of cigarettes scatter everywhere . he throw himself on top of they with terrible long . ghost ( continue ) I would give everything for a drag . just one drag . he roll and wallow in terrible frustration , toss the cigarettes in all direction . suddenly he look up and see Sam . he be unable to control he fury . ghost ( continue ) who the hell be you ? why be you hound I like this ? leave I alone . a express train be shoot through the station . the ghost throw himself into it and in a instant he be go . omitted int . subway station - night Sam , all alone , walk through the station . suddenly , he reach out and push a garbage can lid . it swing back and forth . he be delighted . a beer can be sit on a bench . he push it off , watch it roll across the platform with childlike glee . look up , Sam see a advertisement for market Security Bank and trust . he stare at it with great interest . " special bank for special people . we make it easy for you . " something register in Sam 's eye . he yell and jump straight up , hit a subway sign with he finger . with great excitement , he run for the stair and rush from the station . omitted int . seance room - night ortisha jone , a black woman with brassy red hair , be sit at oda mae 's seance table surround by several of she relative . Clara and Louise stand behind oda mae help with the ritual . oda mae go into she trance . angle a group of ghost be milling behind oda mae . Sam come barging into the room and look at they in amazement . SAM what the hell ? oda mae , startle , jump up in she chair . everyone else jump , too . Clara and Louise look worried . oda mae Sam ? SAM what be all this ? what 's goin ' on ? oda mae what would you do , tell every spook in town about I ? I get spook from out of town here . there 's stuff goin ' on you would not believe . I can not hardly believe it myself . ortisha and she relative look up , confuse . SAM oda mae . you be do it . this be for real . how do you like that ? oda mae I do not . SAM come on . look at this . you be do great . one of the ghost stand in the background butt in . ghost can you hurry this up ? my husband 's in the wait room . SAM I need you help , oda mae . there 's something we need to do . oda mae forget it . I be not doin ' anything . you be holdin ' on to a life that do not want you no more . give it up . SAM give it up ? I be already dead . oda mae Dead , yeah , but you be not finish dyin' . give up the ghost . SAM and how be I suppose to do that ? oda mae you be ask I ? ortisha look at oda mae . she have no idea what 's go on . ortisha be you speak to I ? oda mae do it look like I be speakin ' to you ? ( continue ; to Sam ) so , be you gonna leave or not ? I have get work to do . ortisha be totally confuse . oda mae turn back to she . oda mae ( continue ) what 's a matter ? you be suppose to be concentrate . how do you expect I to do this if you be not concentrate ? okay then . you ready ? let 's do it . angle oda mae and everyone in the room get very quiet . one of the ghost draw close . oda mae 's eye roll up into she head . then , suddenly , a extraordinary thing occur . we see the spirit pull back and dive right into oda mae . oda mae gulp . her nostril flare . her eye bulge . oda mae oh , Lord ! stop ! whatcha doin ' to I ? oda mae 's body go into bizarre convulsion as the ghost try to move inside she . she look strangely stuff and enormously uncomfortable . Sam and the other watch in astonishment as she try to speak , but nothing come out . then suddenly the ghost speak through oda mae . orlando ( scream ) ortisha ?! ortisha and she relative jump up in amazement . ortisha ( excitedly ) Orlando ! be that you ? orlando ( disorient ) ortisha , where be you ? I can not see too good . relative here ! she 's here ! ortisha in front of you ! I be right here ! Orlando suddenly zero in on ortisha . his eye widen . orlando mother of God , what have you do to you hair !? ortisha smile excitedly . ortisha Orlando , do you like it ? it 's Autumn sunrise . suddenly oda mae 's body begin to shake wildly and she voice boom out , scream with all she might . oda mae get out of here , you little shit ! with frightening speed , she send the spirit catapult out of she body . Clara and Louise jump up . oda mae be shaking . oda mae ( continue ) Lord oh Lord , do not you ever do that to I ! ortisha ( confuse ) Orlando !? angle orlando he be lie on the floor , exhaust . orlando what happen to I ? I can barely move . ghost you should know better than to try that . it 's not worth it . it will wipe you out for day . SAM that be incredible , oda mae . oda mae never again . never . ortisha where 's Orlando ? SAM he speak through you . it be amazing . oda mae no more , uh uh , no more . ortisha what happen to Orlando ? where would he leave the insurance policy ? SAM you be great , oda mae ! you be a real medium . it 's what you be bear for . oda mae I want everybody out . ortisha Orlando ? ortisha look around the room , befuddle . Clara and Louise be not sure what to do . oda mae now ! ortisha and she relative scurry out fast . the ghost , too , begin pass through the wall . oda mae lay she head on the table . suddenly she whole body begin heaving . she be start to cry . Sam be surprised . SAM oda mae , what 's wrong ? oda mae out ! I say out ! that mean you , too ! Sam hesitates a moment and then respectfully follow the other through the wall . omitted int . seance room - night Clara knock on the seance room door and peek in . clara oda mae , there 's a man here who say he have to see you right away . oda mae I be not seein ' nobody . Willie push he way into the room . Clara be not sure what to do . oda mae look up . she do not know he . willie be you the one that can talk to the dead ? oda mae I beg you pardon ! I be not see customer right now . willie I say I need to know if you be the one . oda mae I be the one . but not now . willie this be important . I have a friend . he die recently . some say he be mug . I think he be murder . oda mae stare at he curiously . willie ( continue ) I be tell you can contact people like that . be that true ? oda mae it 's be know to happen . but it 's not gonna happen now , so come back later . willie I can not wait till later . he sit down across from oda mae and show no sign of leave . oda mae observe he quietly for a moment . oda mae what 's you friend 's name ? willie good question . why do not you tell I ? oda mae glare at he . willie ( continue ) you be the psychic , right ? oda mae this be not no guessin ' game . willie then what be it , lady ? oda mae lookit , I do not know what you trouble be ... ( get nervous ) who be you ? willie you be the mindreader . I hear you have be tellin ' people about I for day . what 's my name ? angle - oda mae confuse and uncomfortable . Sam come wander back into the room . his eye bulge . SAM Willie ! oda mae Willie !? Willie sit straight up in he chair , amaze . willie how would you know that ? oda mae because I be psychic . with a sudden thrust , oda mae send she foot shoot into Willie 's ball . as he recoil she knock the table into he lap and rush for the closet . we see she barricade herself in the hide chamber . Willie , shaking , scramble to he foot and , before Sam can stop he , blast he gun at the closet door . it be riddled with bullet . Sam scream out . Willie run to the side door and escape to the street . Clara and Louise come rush in . Sam charge into the closet and see that oda mae be safe behind the false door . then he hurry to the street . omitted ext . STREET - night Sam rush to the sidewalk and look in all direction . Willie be nowhere to be see . he hurry back to oda mae . omitted int . seance room - night the room be a disaster area , full of hysterical woman . oda mae be be drag from the closet , unhurt but in a state of shock . oda mae he try to kill I ! why ? why ? no one answer . oda mae ( continue ) talk to I ! her sister start talk but she shoos they away . SAM oda mae , we be in trouble ... oda mae we be in trouble ? who 's we ? you be already dead . SAM I can stop they . but I can not do it alone . you have gotta help I . oda mae help you ? it 's I they be tryin ' to kill . SAM you be right . and they will be back . I be you only chance . oda mae why do not you go find a haunt house and rattle some chain . SAM I need you oda mae . I need you to get some fake id 's . oda mae Fake id 's ? what for ? SAM help I now , they will never bother you again . I promise . oda mae ( stop , think ) help you ? whataya talk about exactly ? what else do I have to do ? ext . new york STREET - day oda mae , dress to the hilt , be walk with Sam toward the main branch of market Security Bank &amp ; trust . she seem nervous and upset . oda mae this be crazy . this be not gonna work . I do not know nothin ' ' bout bankin' . SAM I will teach you . you will learn fast . as they reach the entrance of the bank , they pass a pair of nun collect money to build a shelter for the homeless . one of they hold out a collection box . oda mae pass she by , carefully avoid eye contact . int . market security bank &amp ; trust - day oda mae enter Sam 's bank . she seem completely out of place . Sam , walk beside she , direct she every move . SAM see where it say " New account " ? that 's where you be go . oda mae ( paranoid ) I be not givin ' them any money . SAM just do what I say . oda mae approach the New account desk . she seem very uptight . a woman officer behind the desk look up at she . officer can I help you ? SAM tell she you be here to fill out a signature card for a new account . oda mae I be here to fill out a signature card for a new account . officer and do you know you account number ? SAM yes. 926-31043. oda mae yes. 926-31043. SAM rita Miller . oda mae who ? officer what ? SAM tell she rita Miller . oda mae rita Miller . officer ( eyeing she oddly ) do not they have you sign a card when you open the account ? SAM tell she Carl bruner open it for you by phone and ask you to come in today . oda mae Carl bruner open it for I . he ask I to come in today . officer ah . the Officer check out the name and account number on she computer screen . it all seem to jive . she pull out a card from she desk and hand it to oda mae . oda mae stare at it . SAM just sign you name at the bottom on the first blank line . oda mae nod and start to sign " oda mae " . Sam stop she . SAM ( continue ) no , no , no . rita Miller . oda mae ( to the officer ) can I have another one please ? I sign the wrong name . Sam hit he forehead with he hand . the Officer give she another card . oda mae sign it . SAM tell she to see that it go right up to the third floor file since you have a transaction to make . oda mae I need you to put that in the third floor file cause I get a transfusion to make . officer a what ? oda mae you know what I mean . ( innocently ) umm , can I keep the pen ? officer ( surprised , not sure what to say ) ...uh , sure . oda mae , delighted , walk away smile and give the officer a wave . she be loving this . oda mae thanks . int . carl office the clock on Carl 's wall say 3:40 . he seem anxious . the phone ring . Carl jump . he push down the speaker button . carl hello . Carl bruner speak . voice Carl ? carl Mr. balsitrari voice balistrari ? Carl , it 's I , John . I have get the info on the Bradley portfolio . carl oh yeah , yeah . that 's great . I will pick it up later . he hang up . his hand be shaking . int . market security bank &amp ; trust - day Sam and oda mae approach a fancy part of the bank housing administrative personnel . they approach a guard who be stand there . SAM tell the guard you be here to see lyle furgeson . oda mae lyle furgeson , please . guard do you have a appointment ? oda mae no. I be here for the fun of it . SAM do not say that ! tell he rita Miller 's here . oda mae tell he rita Miller 's here . guard just one moment , please . SAM do not embellish . oda mae yes , sir. guard ( turn around ) Excuse I ? she wave he on . SAM ( whisper ) now listen , this guy furgeson 's a real jerk . oda mae why be you whisper ? SAM ( he do not know ) just be quiet and listen . I have know he five year and he still think my name 's Paul . we see the Guard lean over Mr. furgeson 's desk . furgeson look up and see oda mae . he shrug he shoulder . SAM ( continue ) he 's a social moron . you do not have to worry about anything . tell the guard furgeson know you . you spend time with he and he wife shirley at the brewster 's Christmas party last year . the Guard come back . guard what be this regard ? oda mae what ? he do not remember I ? we be together at the brewster 's Christmas party . with he wife shirley . they have that lovely tree ... all that present . why , I will never forget all that beautiful ... Sam poke she . she yelp , surprised , and glance around . the Guard give she a odd look . oda mae ( continue ) oops. gas. she force a smile . he smile back and then go over to Mr. furgeson . SAM this will be easy . furgeson be so drunk at that party , he could have have a conversation with Tina Turner and he would not remember . the Guard whisper in furgeson 's ear . furgeson appear totally flummox . he look up at oda mae , embarrassed , and wave . the Guard motion she to come back . she walk proudly over to he desk . he stick out he hand . furgeson hello , hello . of course , of course . it 's be so long . oda mae a long time . SAM ask how Bobby and snooky be . oda mae how be Bobby and snooky doin ' ? furgeson ( perplex ) why , they be just fine , thank you . Nice of you to ask . and how be you ... family ? oda mae could not be better . furgeson well , be not that wonderful . SAM tell he you have be wonder how they do on the Gibraltar security . oda mae so tell I , fergie , how do you do on the Gibraltar security ? furgeson ( surprised ) the Gibraltar security ! well , it look like we top out , huh ? SAM " we sure do ! " oda mae we sure do . furgeson ( impressed ) that be a wonderful tip . SAM " good old Randy " . oda mae good old Randy . get a real head on he shoulder . SAM " her " shoulder . oda mae " her " shoulder . furgeson sure do . well ... well . so what bring you here today ? SAM you be close a account . oda mae I be close a account . furgeson well ... wonderful . do you have you account number ? SAM 926-31043. oda mae 926-3143. SAM 31-0-43. she look up into the air . furgeson eye she strangely . oda mae make that 31-0-43 ... number . I be dyslexic . he punch rita Miller 's number into the computer . a figure appear on the screen . he stare at it for a few second and then punch it in again . furgeson ( try to be calm ) well , rita , you will be withdraw four million dollar from we today , be that correct ? oda mae four million dollar ?! SAM say " yes " ! oda mae ( gasp ) yes ! four million . that 's right . that 's right . furgeson and how will you want that ? oda mae ten and twenty ? furgeson pardon ? SAM a cashier 's check ! tell he a cashier 's check . oda mae a cashier 's check . furgeson Fine . of course , you realize we be require to get some identification from everyone . it 's just procedural . you understand . oda mae of course . oda mae reach into she purse and pull out a driver' license and a social security card . furgeson get up and walk away from he desk . he seem unsteady on he foot . a officer at the next desk be use a brillo pad to clean a stain on she desk . oda mae smile . oda mae you know , if you put that brillo pad in the freezer , it will last twice as long . the Officer nod appreciatively . int . card file room - day furgeson lay oda mae 's id next to she signature card . the signature match up . he nod he head in approval . int . carl office - day Carl look up at the clock . it be 3:50 . he push down a button on the phone . a secretary answer . secretary ( v.o. ) yes , Mr. bruner . carl get I the first Island Bank of nassau . it 's on the rolodex . int . market security bank &amp ; trust - day Mr. furgeson return with rita Miller 's signature card and a cashier 's check for $ 4,000,000 . oda mae 's hand shake as she examine it . furgeson I will just need you signature right here . oda mae sure . SAM sign rita Miller . Sam look up and gulp . Molly have just enter the bank and be head toward they . he jump up nervously . SAM ( continue ) I will be back in a minute . you be on you own . do not say anything foolish . oda mae sign a form close the account . of course the signature match . Mr. furgeson examine they both and smile . he shake oda mae 's hand . furgeson now you be careful with this . it 's like carry cash , you know . oda mae ( positively glow ) I sure do . Sam rush over to Molly . he be not sure what to do . he notice a stack of deposit form on the counter she be about to pass . he hurry to it and flick the entire stack , a hundred sheet , fly up into the air . Molly , confuse , think she be responsible and stoops to pick they up . Sam , delighted , flick another stack . oda mae be talk a blue streak when Sam return to she . oda mae ( continue ) then my mother take all the money from the oil well and put it in gasoline pump . every gas station have them you know , sometimes six or more . it add up . SAM oda mae , come on . we gotta get out of here . say goodbye . oda mae ( abruptly get up ) well , I have get to leave . it 's be a pleasure doin ' business with you . say " hi " to shirley and snooky for I . furgeson thank you , rita . I will be glad to . oda mae smile and leave . there be a new lilt in she walk . suddenly Sam look and see Molly about to stand up . SAM hurry up , oda mae . at that second , oda mae spot a quarter lie on the ground . she stoops down and pick it up . oda mae ( excitedly ) what a day ! Molly see she , do a double take , and start to go after she . unfortunately , oda mae step onto a elevator before Molly can catch up . the door close . Molly stop for a moment and then look back across to the executive area . she see lionel furgeson and hurry over to he . molly lionel ? he be surprised to see she and grow instantly solicitous . furgeson Molly . how be you ? molly lionel , a woman who just leave , a black lady , about my height , do you see she ? furgeson well , yes . I just take care of she . molly what do she want ? do it have anything to do with I ? do she ask about Sam ? furgeson ( not understanding ) Sam ? no . why ? molly be she name oda mae Brown ? furgeson no , rita Miller . she just close a account . Molly stare at furgeson . she be not sure what to think . furgeson ( continue ) be there a problem ? molly ( hesitate , not sure what to say ) no. I guess not . thanks . she walk away , confuse . int . carl office - day Carl , in front of he computer , be go crazy . he keep punch button on the keyboard but the same response appear over and over on the screen . " rita miller , # 926-31043 . account close . balance $ 00.00 . " panicked , Carl jump up . he move quickly , erratically around the office and then back to the computer . he punch the key over and over . the same answer appear on the screen . the account be close . hall outside carl office Carl run through the office . he seem craze . people look at he . leeden Carl , be something wrong ? carl be someone play with the computer ? leeden what ? carl be this a joke ? one of my account be close . leeden which account ? what 's wrong ? Carl freeze . he do not answer . leeden ( continue ) you want I to call someone ? carl ( change he demeanor ) no , no . never mind . it 's okay . it 's all right . I can do it . ext . market security bank &amp ; trust - day Sam and oda mae be walk down the street in front of the bank . oda mae be talk to herself . oda mae $ 4,000,000 . $ 4,000,000 . Lord almighty . SAM oda mae . take the check out of you purse . she stop . there be a nervous look on she face . oda mae take it out ? why ? SAM just do it . oda mae , worried , remove the check but hold onto it tightly . SAM ( continue ) now endorse it . sign rita Miller . oda mae ( in shock ) endorse it ? why ? SAM do what I say . oda mae no ! SAM that 's blood money , oda . I be kill for that money . endorse it now . oda mae what be you go to do with it ? SAM we be give it away . oda mae away ? what do you mean ? to who ? SAM look to you leave . oda mae look at the nun collect money for the homeless . she recoil . oda mae be you outta you mind ? SAM do what I tell you . oda mae no! ( clutching the check ) I can not . SAM yes , you can . if you do not do it , they will track you down . you only protection be to get rid of it , now . oda mae sweet Jesus , you be kill I , Sam . SAM I be save you , oda mae . you will go to heaven for this . oda mae growl at he . with great difficulty , she approach the nun . the nun look at she with curiosity and compassion . SAM write " St. Joseph 's shelter " . with great hesitation , oda mae begin to write . we sense that every word be a torment for she . the nun politely avert they eye from the check . nun bless you , child . oda mae give she a dirty look and hand the check over . SAM I be proud of you . oda mae do not you talk to I . I do not want you comin ' round no more . I mean it . understand ? SAM come on , we be friend . oda mae Friends ? Friends ? she turn on she high heel and wobble away . Sam call after she . SAM I think you be wonderful , oda mae . she growl again . in the background we see the nun secretly peek at the check . one of they , wide - eye , faint dead away . the other nun stoops down and fan she face in a attempt to revive she . int . carl office - night it be after hour . almost everyone on the floor have go . Carl , hunch over he computer , be type furious command on the keyboard . he look haggard and wear . sequence after sequence of code number flash past on the monitor screen . Sam , sit in a desk chair , watch , smile . SAM search , you bastard ! you will never find it . it 's go . ( he smile ) they will kill you for this , Carl . you and Willie . they will wipe you off the face of the earth . in a moment of childish delight , he push he foot against the wall and the chair shoot across the room . Carl look up and see a empty chair move . he stare at it in confusion , and then go back to the screen . he seem desperate . nothing be work . panicked and frighten , Carl flick off the machine and storm furiously around the room . Sam approach the computer , hesitates a moment , and then push the power switch . the computer click back on . Carl spin around . he stare at the computer curiously for a moment and then turn it back off . Sam , enjoy this , reach for the switch and flick it back on again . Carl stare at it . carl what the ...? Carl watch as the key seem to depress themselves and letter begin appear on the screen . he sit down , mesmerize by what be happen . then he face grow tense . the word " m-u-r-d-e-r-e-r " be emerge before he . Carl fly out of he chair , frantically run around to see who else be on the floor . he yell out like a madman . carl ( continue ) who 's do that ? there be no one there . he hear the computer beginning to type again and hurry back to look at the screen . one word appear . " s- a - m " . Carl gasp and smashes the computer with he fist . it crash to the floor . Electrical spark go fly as Carl gasp for breath . Sam can not hold himself back any longer . with a horrifying scream , he charge at Carl , jam he fist hard into he rib . SAM you bastard ! you goddamn bastard ! Carl grab he side . carl ah ! he hit Carl again . Carl gasp in inexplicable pain . SAM it 's dinner time , Carl . do not you have a date with Molly , you creepy son - of - a bitch ? Sam keep hit deeper into Carl 's mid-section . Carl double over as though he 's go to throw up . carl Jesus ! oh God ! Sam be flushed with excitement . Carl kneel beside he desk . he can not understand what be happen to he . his face go stark white as the attack continue . then , unexpectedly , the assault stop . Sam , exhaust , stare hatefully at he old friend cower on the floor . slowly and dizzily , Carl get up . he look fearfully around the office and then , hold he stomach , hurry from the room . int . loft - the same night Molly , all dress to go out , be sit in Sam 's easy chair , asleep . suddenly Carl arrive knock at she door . he do not look well . Sam be with he . molly Carl ? where be you ? I think we be have ...? carl I be sorry . thing just get so crazy . I completely forget . SAM Old Carl have a little trouble at the office . molly forget ? I be worried . be everything okay ? be you all right ? carl I be okay . I be alright . look , can I talk to you for minute ? can I come in ? Molly eye Carl with concern as he enter the loft . carl ( continue ) I need to ask you a question . SAM he need to borrow four million dollar . carl Molly , I know what the police say , but when you think Sam be here , when you think he speak to you , what do you feel ? what do he say ? molly why ? what happen ? carl ( very tense ) Molly , that psychic woman , I want to know what she tell you . I want to know what she say . molly Carl , stop this . it be all a hoax . I tell you . it be not real . she 's a charlatan . ( she hesitates and stare at Carl ) do this have anything to do with she be at the bank today ? SAM oh shit ! carl ( gulp ) at the bank ? Sam tense . he hold up he hand as if want she to stop . molly I be sure I see she . furgeson say she be take out money . it turn out she name be not even oda mae Brown . it 's rita Miller or something . Carl turn white . his eye bulge . he feel sick . molly ( continue ) what 's wrong ? carl stomach . my stomach . do you have anything ? pepto bismol . molly ( worried ) sure . just a second . what 's go on ? concerned , she hurry from the room . Sam dig he hand into Carl 's back . Carl jerk forward in intense pain and begin flail at the air . carl what be you do to I . get away ! get away ! int . kitchen Sam do not go away . freak , Carl run into the kitchen and rush to the stove . quickly he turn on the gas . he look craze . turn to the air , he begin whisper loudly . carl you touch I again and I will set she on fire . I mean it . I will kill she . I will blow up the whole building if I have to . stay away ! Sam jab at the knob on the stove and begin to turn it off . Carl see it move . shock and frighten , he grab it and pull it off , leave only the tiny stem in place . carl ( continue ) go on , try it again . let I see you turn it off now . Sam , frighten , try with all he might but he cannot twist it . Carl pull out a cigarette lighter and gloat . carl ( continue ) try and hurt I . I will kill she if you hurt I . Sam rush at Carl about to jam he full fist into he chest , but then he stop , afraid . he pull back , shake . Carl stand there wait for a blow that do not come . he begin to gloat . carl what 's a matter ? you believe I , huh ? you better believe I ! I want my money . I need that money and I want it tonight -- at 11:00 . if that psychic lady do not bring it here , Molly 's dead . Sam freeze . Molly enter the kitchen . she grab she nose . molly oh my God . be that the gas ? Carl act as if that 's the reason he come into the kitchen . carl you must have leave the stove on . he fiddle with the dial and turn it off . carl ( continue ) just glad I smell it . molly ( confuse ) I , too . she open a window . carl Molly , I be sorry . I have get to go . look , there 's something go on . I can not talk now . some trouble at the bank . molly trouble ? what kind of trouble ? be it that woman , the psychic ? carl I do not have time to talk now . what if I come back ? around 11:00 ? molly Carl , what 's go on ? let I help you . carl I can not . I be sorry to do this , but it 's important . I will be back . Molly be speechless . carl ( continue ) eleven ! omitted int . oda mae' livingroom - night oda mae be watch t.v. with Clara and Louise . suddenly she jump , aware of Sam 's presence in the room . oda mae Sam ! Clara and Louise jump , too . clara not again ! oda mae what be you doin ' here ? SAM oda mae ! we be in trouble . they want the check . they be comin ' to kill you . we gotta get outta here . oda mae the check ? what do you mean , " the check " . you say they would never find out . clara ( afraid ) what 's happenin ' oda mae ? ext . STREET a red mustang screech to a stop on the street below . Sam and oda mae run to the window . Carl and Willie be look up . int . livingroom SAM it 's they . oda mae they be comin ' to kill I . ( to Sam , craze ) what have you do ? ext . oda mae' apartment build - night Willie and Carl jump out of the car . they head for oda mae 's building . int . oda mae' livingroom - night Sam step back from the window . SAM they be head for the door . oda mae ( terrify ) Jesus have mercy . ext . apartment build - night Willie force open a back door . they head into the building . int . apartment hallway - night oda mae and the other hurry into the hall . they rush down the corridor and knock loudly on a neighbor 's door . a woman open it a crack . oda mae emergency ! let we in ! woman who you kiddin' ? the woman slam the door and lock it shut . oda mae look frighten . int . apartment stairway - night Carl and Willie climb the stair two at a time . int . apartment hallway - night oda mae and she sister bang on another apartment door . no one be home . across the corridor a elderly woman stick she head out to see what be go on . before she can say anything they push they way inside . elderly woman what be you doin ' ? you can not come in here . the cat do not like visitor . she will pee all over the couch . you wanna pay for ... oda mae grab the woman 's mouth . CUT to : int . hallway - fisheye lens view just as Willie and Carl emerge from the stairwell . they head down the hall toward oda mae 's door . Willie pull out a gun , and fire . the lock shoot open . they rush inside . CUT back to : oda mae in the elderly woman 's vestibule , peer through the peephole . the old woman be struggle and still try to talk . oda mae 's knee be wobble . oda mae they be gonna find we . SAM no they will not . I be gonna get them . oda mae oh yeah ? and how you gonna do that ? SAM whataya mean ? I be a ghost , be not I ? int . oda mae' livingroom - night Willie move quickly through oda mae 's apartment , he gun point , ready to fire . he seem furious when he realize no one be there . willie look like someone just leave . carl I will check the building . angle he rush back out and down the stair . Willie stay in the apartment . suddenly , the doorbell ring . Willie rush over and open the door a crack . there be no one there . confused , he back away . the doorbell ring again . completely mystify , he aim he gun and open the door all the way . the hallway be empty . as Willie stand there , wonder what be happen , Sam step inside and push the door close . it slam shut . Willie nearly jump out of he skin . willie damn ! he stare at the door in total bewilderment . at that instant , a collection of picture frame fly off the breakfront and crash into he leg . he back away , spook . suddenly , the t.v. flick on at full volume and then the stereo and the radio . light begin flash on and off . Willie spin around in total dismay . summon all of he force , Sam slam into Willie . Willie recoil in unexplainable pain . he seem very disorient . his gun fall to the floor . he reach for it and Sam push it away . Willie jump up , afraid . his eye dart around the room . Sam laugh . willie ( continue ) who 's there ? who 's do that ? angle a pair of candle holder shoot off the mantle piece and nearly hit Willie in the head . he freak . grabbing he gun , Willie run into the bathroom and lock the door . suddenly the hot water faucet turn on by itself . Willie be terrify . steam rise from the sink . Willie try to get out , but Sam approach he from behind and appear to dig he hand into he neck . Willie crumple to he knee . willie oh God ! there be a squeaking SOUND and Willie look up . letter be appear in the fogge mirror . he stare in disbelief as the word " B - o - o ! " emerge before he . he cry out . willie ( continue ) let I outta here ! shake uncontrollably , Willie fire he gun at the mirror . Glass and tile explode . Willie be cut and bleed . he grab hold of the door and yank it open . int . hallway Willie rush to the hallway , charge for the back stair and stumble down the three flight to the street . Carl , run down the corridor , rush after he . Willie drop he gun . Carl pick it up . ext . brooklyn STREET -- night Willie run from the building and careen down the sidewalk . people clear a path as he hurl past they like a madman . Carl , confuse , run after he . Sam , too , race after Willie , unwilling to let he get away . suddenly , a man obstruct he way . Willie go fly over he and land face down on the cement . before he can get up , Sam be all over he and do not let up . people stand back to watch as Willie do battle with himself . panicked , he call out to a bystander . willie help I ! people back away . Carl watch in terror . he understand exactly what be happen . ext . STREET - night Willie , blind by he own hysteria , run wildly into the street . Cars be bear down on he from all direction . he do not get out of they way . one driver see Willie come and swerve to avoid he . his car skid . another car brake to avoid a collision and suddenly both car crash right into he . carl look out ! Willie 's body be crush instantly between the two vehicle as he spirit be catapult into the air still scream and writhe . his ghostly form reach out to people for help as they rush past . no one stop . Willie spin around and see a mangle body crumpled on the street . suddenly , he recognize that it be he own dead body lie there . he begin to scream . a bizarre and frightening clicking SOUND fill the air . Sam look up . a group of strange dark figure have emerge from the shadow . with a loud , terrifying shriek , the dark form swoop down and grab hold of Willie . Sam freeze . in a instant they be drag Willie , kick and scream , down through the sewer grate into the bowel of the earth . angle Sam back against a wall in absolute horror . Carl , stand in the crowd , turn and run . int . old lady apartment - night oda mae and she sister be huddle with the old woman in the entryway to she apartment . they all appear frighten . the door be open a crack and they can see people gather in the hall outside . Sam walk up to oda mae . she feel he presence . oda mae Sam ? what happen ? SAM he 's dead , oda mae . oda mae Dead ! ( she utter a sigh of relief ) oh , thank God . it 's over . SAM no . it 's not over , oda mae . there 's still Carl . oda mae freeze . she turn to Sam . oda mae who 's Carl ? int . taxi cab - night Sam and oda mae be in a taxi speed downtown . SAM tell he to hurry ! oda mae can not you hurry up ? driver listen , lady , I be go as fast as I can . Sam lean forward and push at the gas pedal . the cab shoot forward . the driver seem shocked . oda mae problem ? he give she a dirty look . int . loft - night there be a knock at the door . Molly go to it . fasten the latch , she open it a crack . molly Carl , be that you ? oda mae wedge she foot inside . oda mae Molly , it 's oda mae . I know what you think of I , but you life be in danger . you have to listen to I . Sam 's here , too . you gotta let we in . Molly try to slam the door but hit oda mae 's foot . molly get the hell out of here . I be call the police . oda mae go ahead . we want you to call them . you be in trouble . let we in . molly no ! oda mae Sam 's death be no accident . he be murder , Molly . Carl be launder money at the bank . Sam find out . he 's dangerous . he try to kill I . he will kill you , too . molly ( scream ) why be you do this to I ? get away from I ! I know all about you . you be a fake . you be just a fake . leave I alone ! we see Sam 's inside the room with Molly . he gaze at she lovingly for a moment and then call back to oda mae . SAM tell she she 's wear the blouse I spill the margarita on and the earring I give she for Christmas . oda mae Sam say you be wearin' the blouse he spill the margarita on and the earring he give you at Christmas . CUT back to : molly grab hold of she bead . her hand be shaking . oda mae ( o.s. ) ( continue ) see , I be no fake . molly go away ! SAM gimme a penny quick . oda mae what ? SAM empty you purse . on the floor . now . oda mae obey . a pile of coin fall on the floor . SAM ( continue ) push a penny under the door . oda mae obey and a penny slide into the loft . Molly see it . Sam tip it carefully so it land upright against the bottom of the door . push gently , he move the penny up the door until it 's eye level with Molly . she watch it , amaze . then , to she astonishment , the penny float away from the door and hover in the air . there be a look of wonder in Molly 's eye as it float toward she . SAM ( continue ; call to oda mae ) tell she it 's for luck . oda mae ( o.s. ) Sam say it 's for luck . Molly stand there dumbfounded . her face be completely white . after a moment she reach for the penny . it fall into she hand . there be tear in she eye . CUT to : hallway oda mae stand in the hallway as the door to the loft begin to open . slowly Molly step out onto the landing and stare at she , nervously , uncomprehendingly . she hesitates for a long moment and then invite oda mae in . int . loft - night Molly be on the phone . oda mae be beside she . molly right . yes , it 's right on the corner . we be a red brick building with the entrance on the leave side . please hurry . thank you sergeant . we will be wait right here . ( she hang up ) Police be on they way . oda mae take she and lead she to the couch . molly what do we do now ? oda mae just wait . there be a period of awkward silence . molly be Sam here ? SAM I be sit beside you . oda mae ( point ) right here . Molly reach out tentatively . Sam meet she hand . she flinch for a second but do not pull back . molly ( finger the air ) can you feel I , Sam ? SAM with all my heart . oda mae with all he heart , he say . SAM I would give anything to be alive again , just to feel you once more . oda mae he wish he could touch you , just one more time . molly oh , Sam . oda mae look away uncomfortably . the camera hold on she face . after a moment she turn around and address the air . oda mae okay , damn it , you can use I if you want . Sam look oddly at oda mae . oda mae ( continue ) come on . before I change my mind . suddenly he understand what she mean . CUT to : jukebox Sam 's finger press down two key . we see a record slide out of its slot and move toward the turntable . we know what it be go to play . angle oda mae close she eye . " unchain melody " begin to play . Sam hesitates for a moment and then cautiously , awkwardly slide he ghostly body into she solid form . we sense oda mae 's discomfort gradually give way as Sam emerge inside she . after a second she body turn slowly toward Molly . oda mae 's hand reach out and with slow , deliberate gesture , touch Molly 's hand . Molly swallow hard . she close she eye . CUT to : angle Sam . it be as though he alone be there with Molly . his eye be full of tear . he can barely move . his hand glide slowly down Molly 's cheek . he seem to be in a state of ecstasy and pain . the experience be more than he can bear . he pull back . molly Sam ! Molly reach out , take Sam 's hand , and guide it to she soft lip . Sam can barely breathe . he seem totally absorb in the experience , the sensation of human flesh . his eye be absolutely still and full of light . he seem to be glow . gently , Molly take Sam 's arm and guide he to he foot . effortlessly , she draw he to the center of the huge loft . with great tenderness , she put she arm around he and before he know what be happen , they be dance . it be a strange , touch image , reminiscent of they first night in they new home . Sam reach out and slowly draw he finger down over she face , caress she forehead , she cheek , she lip . she stand motionless . her face shine . she know beyond all doubt that it be he . molly I love you so much . CUT to : angle a loud jarring SOUND . it take a moment to realize that it be someone knocking at the door . the light slam back into its shadowy substance and Sam come shoot back into he ghostly form . oda mae be stand with Molly in the center of the room . Sam be beside they . he appear shake and dizzy . there be a another loud pounding at the door . molly the police ! Molly head for the door . Sam call out . he can barely speak . SAM no ! oda mae ( to Molly ) wait ! Sam try to go instead . to he amazement and ours he be extremely weak , barely able to move . SAM what 's happen to I ? his ghostly function be diminish . there be another knock and a voice ring out . carl ( o.s. ) Molly , open up . it 's I . molly it 's Carl ! SAM get out of here ! the fire escape . oda mae grab Molly . oda mae come with I . oda mae and Molly run for the fire escape window . we hear Carl yell in the hallway . carl ( o.s. ) Molly . open up . be you there ? int . stairwell - night Carl be stand on the landing . he be hold a gun . he aim it at the lock and fire . the door to the loft fly open . int . loft - night Carl move rapidly through the huge space . carl Molly ! it be obvious that no one 's home . angle Sam , with great effort , rush at Carl and attack he with he fist . to he great shock , he have no impact . Carl walk right through he . ext . FIRE escape - night Molly and oda mae be climb the fire escape . int . loft - night Carl run to the fire escape window . he look out just in time to see oda mae go into the 7th story window . int . new loft - night Molly and oda mae run through a new loft that be under construction . it be a maze of tangle wire and break wall . the fire escape window slam shut and nearly scare they half to death . they rush blindly toward the front door . it will not open . oda mae back to the fire escape . head for the roof . oda mae reach the fire escape window just as Carl appear on the other side . she scream . Carl try shove the window open . it will not budge . Molly see some scaffold lead to the skylight . there be a open at the top . molly this way ! Molly quickly climb the scaffold and make it to the roof . with a huge shove , Carl open the window and rush inside . the window slam behind he . oda mae rush back toward Molly , but she foot catch on a loose cable and she fall to the ground . oda mae help we , Sam ! omitted oda mae a hand fall on oda mae 's shoulder . she spin around . Carl be stand behind she . she scream as he knock she to the floor . carl I want the check . just give I the check . Molly look down from the scaffold and begin to scream . molly ( scream ) God almighty , Carl ! what be you do ? what have you do !? she descend quickly and run toward Carl . carl do not interfere ! she 's a thief . it 's not she money . Carl kick oda mae . Molly rush at he , attack he violently . Carl aim he gun at she . carl ( continue ) keep out of this , Molly ! he grab oda mae by the hair . carl ( continue ) where be it ? oda mae cry out . oda mae in my purse . carl where ? oda mae over there . she point across the room . Carl see the purse and yank oda mae toward it . yanking it off the floor , he tear through it like a wild man . there be no check . he grab oda mae . carl where be it , goddamn it ? where be it ? oda mae I give it away . carl you be lie ! do not lie to I ! he aim he gun at she eye and be about to FIRE when , suddenly , something shove he to the floor . Carl scream and jump back , trip over oda mae . Sam be stand there . in total panic , Carl scramble to get up . horrify , he shoot he gun blindly into the air . Molly and oda mae dive for cover . the bullet have no impact . Sam muster all he strength and shove Carl again . White with fear , Carl grab Molly and aim he gun at she head . carl ( continue ) I will kill she . you touch I and I will kill she . I mean it , Sam . just give I the check . the gun be cocked at she temple . no one move . slowly the camera dolly toward Carl . carl ( continue ) Sam , please . I do not mean for he to kill you . it 's not my fault . come on , Sam , give I the check . give it to I and I will leave she alone . nothing happen . Carl look nervous . angle carl Sam ? Sam ? in a wild explosive fury , Sam charge at Carl and smashes at he gun . the weapon fly out of Carl 's hand . empower by a anger we have not see before , Sam smashes into Carl with a violent force . Carl 's body careen into wall and floorboard . wiring snap . two -by-four crack . Carl , crawl desperately to escape , see he gun on the floor . with a wild rush , he grab for it and shoot at the door . the lock explode and the door fly open . Carl try to run for it , but Sam cut in front of he . with grow power , Sam send Carl fly back into the apartment , collide into a tall scaffold . bag of plaster topple to the ground as mound of plaster dust hurl into the air . the apartment look like a scene from another world . Carl , in a state of total unrelieve panic , break away from Sam . the dust obscure he escape . like a trap insect , he scramble furiously to the fire escape window . Sam can not see he . Carl shove at the window . it be stick . with a supreme effort , he grab a rip bag of plaster and swing it at the glass . half of its plaster spew across the room before smash the window . shard of glass fly in all direction . Sam turn and see Carl . he surge after he , but know he can not get to he in time . Carl be halfway out the window when Sam 's fist slam into a electrical box attach to a dangle bx cable . it go fly toward the window . to he amazement , it hit the frame . a huge pane of glass dislodge and come crash down . Carl look up just in time to see the point edge aim for he chest . before he can move , it pierce he between the rib and slice into he heart . his body quiver . Carl 's eye bulge from they socket . his body begin to spasm . he can not get up . a look of abject terror flash through he eye . he try to scream . there be no sound . he try to breathe . there be no breath . angle with one last effort , Carl lurch forward . to he amazement , he body stand up and pull away from the window . he look down at he chest and be amaze to see that the glass be go . there be no blood . excite and confuse , he turn around and see Sam . for a moment , he cannot comprehend what be happen . carl Sam ? there be a strange , silent moment between they . then , seemingly out of nowhere , a terrible clicking sound be hear . frighten black form be emerge from the darkness . Carl look behind he and gasp . past the figure come toward he , he see he own dead body . it be pin to the window sill . before Carl can cry out , the dark figure swoop down and envelope he . in a flash , he spirit be catch and surge with the dark force back into the shadow . Far in some invisible distance , we can barely hear he scream . and then it be silent . it be over . angle Molly be crouch in the corner , she back press tightly against the wall . she be stare into space . the room be fill with plaster dust . slowly , emerge from the dust , we see Sam approach Molly . he gaze at she with terrible long . suddenly , a brilliant light glow from behind the ceiling and the skylight flood the room with a golden haze . Sam turn to look at it . his eye be full of surprise and wonder . the spirit beyond the ceiling be beckone to he . as he look down , he notice that he hand be grow transparent . his body be beginning to fade . a faint smile form on he face . he lean down toward Molly , stare at she for a long , silent moment . SAM Goodbye , moll . Molly 's head lift up . she look around . molly Sam ? be that you ? SAM ( stunne ) Molly ?! molly I hear you , Sam . she start to cry . gradually , we notice that the dust in the air near Molly be beginning to shimmer with a subtle glow . to she astonishment , Sam 's spirit be reflect in the float particle . molly ( continue ) oh God ! Sam 's luminous form appear before she . Molly be overwhelm by the sight of he . the two of they gaze at one another without move . they know it be for the last time . it be a silent exchange , charge with emotion . slowly , the two body reach forward . as they lip touch , the plaster dust swirl sensuously through Sam 's vaporous image and he begin to disappear . Molly pull back from he as though from a cloud . his voice rise from the mist . SAM I can not stay anymore . tear roll down she cheek . the brilliant light intensify . it be beautiful , like a sunrise , saturate the room with a warm , comforting glow . Molly look up and see it all . oda mae see it , too . oda mae they be wait for you , Sam . SAM ( smile ) I know . Goodbye , oda mae. ( with deep feel gratitude ) thank you . you mama would be proud . oda mae smile warmly . Sam turn to Molly . she be gaze at the last remain moment of he . her eye brim over with tear and love . SAM I love you , Molly . I have always love you . Molly swallow hard and wipe she eye . molly ditto . the light inside Sam intensify . a sweet smile emerge on he lip . SAM it 's so amazing , moll ... his face fill with joy . SAM ( continue ) the love inside . he whisper , almost cry . SAM ( continue ) you take it with you . they be he last word . his spirit dissolves within its ghostly mooring and begin to evaporate . Molly look up silently for a moment , she face fill with love . molly see ya . we see Sam 's spirit rise from the room . it pass effortlessly through the ceiling and , in second , he be go . the room grow dark . Molly sit quietly on the floor . there be a look of awe and wonder in she eye . after a moment , oda mae reach down to help she up . Molly look at she lovingly and then gently take she hand . Arm in arm , support one another , they walk quietly from the room . the end