by greg mottola revise August 5 , 2007 all rights reserve register wgaw adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 1. 1 int . live room , off - campus house - night 1 we 're close on the face of jame brennan , 22 . he 's gaze at someone off -screen , eye fill with long . there 's no SOUND . behind he , out of focus , college kid at a rollick party ... the SOUND fade in slowly shout , drunken conversation compete with a stereo blast '' bastard of Young '' by the replacement . a couple wear graduation mortarboard . reverse on a pretty young woman , arlene . she 's avoid James 's gaze . they be in a live - in off - campus house . they hold cocktail in plastic cup . he lean in close . jame hey , you want to get out of here - arlene ( have not hear he ) what a rager , huh ? jame yeah . yeah . ( beat ) be not it weird ? that this all ... this happen right at the end of the semester ? you and ...me . she finally look at he . jame ( cont 'd ) and we will both be in Manhattan come September . ( beat ) I be really ... fond of you . arlene you be sweet . ( beat , think ) James . jame yeah ? arlene I do not think I can see you anymore . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 2. 1 continued : 1 jame ( stunne ) you do not ...? what do you ...? arlene we be graduate ... it 's ... she sigh heavily and look away . James watch she , wait for more of a explanation . instead : arlene ( mutter ) sorry . she walk away . int . kitchen , off - campus house - later 2 James stand with two friend , eric ( unkempt and shaggy - haire , yet radiate a casual air of privilege ) and brad , who 's mixing a drink from the dregs of whatever liquor bottle he can find . eric woman be mercurial , man . brad you do just start dating last week . jame I know , but ... I think that she get I ... eric you do not tell she about the ' scarlet V '? jame that have nothing ... eric you do . brennan , you promise I ! jame look , I do not lie to people I care about . eric but you could have just leave it out of the narrative ! you do not want ' virgin’ to be you signifier ! jame Jesus , he take one semiotics class ... Brad hand the ' cocktail 's to James . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 3. 2 continued : 2 brad drink up . eric listen . you need to bed down the next plain-look , insecure depressive who throw herself at you and get it over with . jame I have have ample opportunity to get laid , if I just want to get it over with - brad or a hooker . in New York , I hear the asian one be the best value . jame right , that be in consumer report ? Jesus . I know most people have low standard , but I be different . eric we will find you a girl . when we be on the continent . a obnoxious classmate join they group , pick up all the liquor bottle , look for one that 's not empty . obnoxious classmate so you guy be go to Europe ? even you , brennan ? jame yeah . my graduation present . eric forget about arlene . obnoxious classmate she dumped you ? ouch . another one . jame you have check the beefeater three time , Steve . all the bottle be empty . eric James , focus on the trip . it 's go to be a transformative experience . transformative . 3 int . live room , off - campus rental house - later 3 the party have enter another phase . Brad sit in a circle of pot-smoker , pass around a pipe . Eric be make out with a girl . James stand alone , in a corner . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 4 . 3 continued : 3 he see arlene across the room , hold court with she friend . she 's clearly talk about he . humiliate , he skulk out of the room . ext . long island expressway / surrounding street - day 4 a newish , 80s - model sky blue plymouth Reliant roll down the highway , James 's bicycle strapped to the roof . James be slump against the window , share the back seat with some duffel bag and crate of record . we pass by strip mall and chain store ... a high school , look a little worse for the wear ... suburban home , vary only slightly from one another ... the car approach a young man on a bicycle . the back of he orange t-shirt read : adventureland as the car pass , we see the biker , a wiry , goofy - look 20 - year - old . his name be tommy frigo . frigo recognize James . he grin and give he the finger . supertitle summer , 1987 music start : '' everybody know this nowhere '' by neil young . CUT to : MAIN title int . james' bedroom , brennan house - day 5 the eq on the Neil Young song change -- it 's playing on jamess boombox . he sit in he bed , write on a legal pad . int . kitchen , brennan house - dusk 6 cocktail hour in the brennan household . count basie swing on the stereo , as James 's father ( mr. brennan ) be finish off a freeze daiquiri , prepare another . mrs . brennan sip white wine , while read a paperback copy of '' iacocca : a Autobiography '' . James enter , clutching the legal pad , look determine . jame okay , so I need to talk to you guy about - adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 5 . 6 continued : silence . mrs . brennan ( put down she book ) now what do you want for dinner ? I can make a roast , burger , minute steak ? jame wow . I , uh - mrs . brennan ( crossing to the fridge ) ... or leftover lamb stew . jame any of that sound - — mrs . brennan and I even get that freeze manicotti , the kind you like . mr . brennan he love that . jame sure . let 's have that . so ... the trip be go to cost a tiny bit more than we discuss . mrs . brennan what be we talk about ? jame um , my Europe trip ? so my original estimate for the whole trip be 1,568 dollar . but I have research more youth hostel and the median cost be a bit higher than I think , by seven dollar and sixty - eight cent , multiply by forty - two day be $ 322.56 . but the good news be I still qualify for a student eurail pass , which save we $ 143.45 . but I also think my emergency fund be unrealistic at $ 100 , I should make it $ 150 . so , with the 768 dollar I have from grandma 's trust fund , plus the 800 you guy be already give I , I will need another 229 dollar and eleven cent . it make the total for you guy 1,029 dollar and eleven cent . mrs . brennan one-thousand and twenty - nine dollar . mr . brennan and eleven cent . James 's parent exchange a look . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 6 . 6 continued : ( 2 ) 6 mrs . brennan James , you father have be transfer to a different department . jame really ? that 's great - mrs . brennan it 's not a better department . we 'il be make less money . considerably less . jame wh ... what happen ? mr . brennan it 's not a big deal , they just , they reorganize a bit . it 's temporary . mrs . brennan we hope . I be sorry , honey , I know we say we think we could help with you trip . we can not . jame but it 's my graduation present . mrs . brennan I know , but we do not have it . we can not spare a penny for Europe . and we can not spare a penny for grad school , either . jame what ? you be go to help I with rent ? mrs . brennan James , we cancel we week in montauk . we can barely make the house payment . we be clipping coupon . mr . brennan sorry , kiddo . jame what be I gonna do ? mrs . brennan if you decide you really want to go to graduate school , you will commute from here . jame but ... Eric and I be get a apartment in Manhattan ... adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 7 . 6 continued : ( 3 ) 6 mrs . brennan if you want to eventually move into the city , you better get a job . jame a summer job ? mrs . brennan better start look . most of the good one be grab up . here . Mrs. brennan hand James the classified ad . James stare at the paper as if there 's a dead fish in it . Mr. brennan start the blender -- but he have not affix the lid properly . the blender spray daiquiri all over a cabinet . mr . brennan whoa , nelly ! 7 int . restaurant - day 7 James , dorky in a button -down shirt and knit tie , stand in front of a restaurant manager , hand he document . jame I really have not have many job , per se ... but here 's my academic record and my extracurricular activity . I write for the literary journal , ' the gordian knot 's . and in high school , I get a 750 on the math sat , so I would be good at tabulate check - restaurant manager this be the only job you have have ? jame I also use to rake leave for some neighbor , the palmieri 's . I have they letter of recommendation - restaurant manager ( brusquely ) fill this out . I x11 call you if anything come up . 8 ext . brennan house - day 8 James be mow he parent 's lawn , a look of self - pity on he face . suddenly Tommy frigo come tear down the street on he ten-speed . he roll up on the lawn , jump off the bike and sprint at James , a craze look in he eye . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 8 . 8 continued : 8 frigo nad attack ! frigo throw a punch at James 's groin . James manage to partially deflect the blow . jame frigo ! quit it ! the two young man start swinging wildly at each other . frigo watch out , the lawn mower ! James turn for a second . frigo wallop he directly in the private . James fall to the lawn , moan . jame I be go to fuck kill you , frigo ... frigo hop back on he bike . frigo ha-hah , brennan ! do not choke on you own goo !! frigo pedal away , cackle maniacally . we see that he 's once again wear he orange ' adventureland 's shirt . 9 ext . riverside drive , manhattan - day 9 James and Eric stroll down the sidewalk . Eric wear he '' bohemian uniform '' : painter 's pants , tie -dy shirt , shell necklace and a kerchief over he head . James glance around anxiously as Eric brazenly smoke a joint . eric Home all summer . on Long Island . fuckin 's harsh . jame it 's a nightmare . I mean , I 'ma romantic ! I actually read poetry for pleasure . out where I grow up , if I tell someone that , they 's 1ll beat I to death with a table leg . eric you still think about graduate school ? jame yeah . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 9. 9 continued : 9 eric total mistake . what do you need another degree for ? do Henry Miller need a degree ? or Samuel beckett ? jame actually , beckett go to trinity College and after that he be a assistant for James Joyce . which be a story I always want to turn into a two - character play - eric yeah , shut up , my point be -- you do not come from money . Graduate school 's gonna require massive loan . Three more year of school , then , what , a decade or two of pay they off ? why not blow you brain out now ? jame but if something 's worth do ... eric take some time to picture the narrative of you life . need it or want money be the fundamental trap of humankind . ( put a hand on James 's shoulder ) look , I want you to know you will be with I in spirit this summer . take this ... from a coat pocket , Eric produce a baggie that contain several thin , poorly - roll joint . jame but , you know ... I get a little crazy - eric take it . James nervously jam the bag into he pocket . eric you think you do not like weed . you will . jame ( worried , will not drop it ) but how be I go to break into journalism if I do not go to grad school ? eric brennan , you will be with I ! in a few short month we will be in New York City . we ’1ll be live the adventure together ! adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 10 . 10 11 12 13 int . kitchen , brennan house - day 10 Mrs. brennan read a library copy of a biography of Pope John Paul ii . James sit across from she , hunch over the classified section , grunt as he read . jame what can I get ?! I be not even qualified for manual labor . ( read down column ) carpenter ... dishwasher ... mechanic ... septic waste removal -- they will not even hire I . the only place I know I can get a job be where frigo 's work . mrs . brennan adventureland ? you can do better . you have to try harder . jame I be ' o ' for twenty - two . I majore in comparative literature and Renaissance study . unless someone need help restore a fresco , I be screw ! ext . suburban boulevard - day 11 track with James on he bicycle , pedale along with morning traffic . ext . parking lot , adventureland - continuous 12 James roll into a large parking lot , pass under a arched sign that read '' adventureland '' . a gangly young man ( rich ) approach he . he use a yellow plastic wiffle ball bat to direct traffic . rich right here , sir ! right here ! Rich wave James toward a bicycle rack . Rich 's shirt read : '' parking Captain '' . rich have a funtastic day and come again ! jame uh , okay . James , make eye contact , realize that Rich be mentally challenge . int . snack bar , adventureland - day 13 James stand with paulette , 40s . her badge read '' manager '' . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 11 . 13 continued : 13 jame I do not have much work experience , per se - paulette 's walkie-talkie emit a loud beep . paulette ( into walkie ) g’head . voice over walkie ( 0.s. ) li’l Red 's down again . paulette okay , there in a sec. ( call out ) Bobby ! get over here ! bobby , 40 , moustache , bad tinted glass , cross over from the snack bar counter . his badge : '' jr. manager '' . paulette this kid 's apply for a game job . jame actually , I would rather work ride if that 's paulette Nah , you be a game type . here 's the number one rule . no freebies . no free turn to you friend , no free upgrade , no free stuff animal . anyone win a giant - ass pandas , you be fire . get it ? paulette hand Bobby some form and exit . bobby here , have a seat . they sit in a booth . jame so what position be presently open - bobby Games . you be hire . fill this out . Bobby slide a start form across the table . as James start to fill it out , Bobby stare out the window , check out some teenage girl in short short and tube top . he sigh . at a nearby booth , a kid start puke on the table . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 12 . 13 . continued : ( 2 ) 13 bobby geez . kid , can not you do that outside ? ( yell ) doreen ! we get a puker ! 14 int . '' game palace '' arcade , adventureland - day 14 we be greet by a cacophony of pinball , skee ball , air hockey , whac -a - mole , Ms. pac man , dig dug , Zaxxon , etc . James now wear a light blue t-shirt -- stack in descend size , it read : '' Games , Games , Games , Games '' . he stand with joel schiffman , 22 , who have glass , curly reddish - brown hair and some scraggly chin growth . joel okay , let 's get this over with - Joel notice a bratty kid with a runny nose who 's slamm he fist down on the button of a old - fashioned '' bimbo the Dancing clown '' machine . joel hey , retard . stop pound on bimbo . runny-nose kid this game suck . it do not do nothin’ . joel it kick you ass if you do not get the fuck away from it . the kid scurries away . Joel smile . the kid run up to he burly , mean-look father . runny -nose kid dad ! ( point at Joel ) he say the f-word at I ! joel fuuuck . let 's go . Joel hustle James out the door . 15 ext . midway , adventureland - moment later 15 Joel be march James up the midway . we get we first good look at '' adventureland '' -- it 's a ramshackle place , a lot closer to coney Island than to Disney World . '' rock I amadeus '' by falco echoe across the park ( top forty radio play loudly all day long , every day ) . joel f.y.i. , paulette and Bobby be marry , so watch what you say . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 15 continued : 15 joel ( cont would ) and never walk directly below the '' Sky chopper '' . the little animal be always spew and drop booger on you head . frigo ( 0.s. ) brennan , you loser ! James look toward the '' antique Cars '' ride and see frigo hang out the side of a buggy car , drive it for two small child . frigo ha-hahhhh ! they put you on game , you pussy loser ! brennan 's a pussy ! the child shriek as frigo rear-end another buggy car . joel you know that dement person ? jame yeah . he use to be my best friend . then I turn four . 16 ext . '' laughing clown '' booth , adventureland - later 16 Joel and James be at the ubiquitous carnival game wherein contestant squirt water into a plastic clown - head 's mouth , inflate a balloon until it pop . joel the trick here : you have get a better chance of win if you pick a clown with a new balloon . the old balloon have already be stretch out . less likely to pop . you can share this info with cute girl at you discretion . jame I appreciate that . joel no sweat , new guy . 17 ext . '' hat off to larry '' booth , adventureland - later 17 this booth feature a elaborate paint street scene . revolving through doorway be creepy fiberglass dummy wear black feel hat . Joel hit a button and the dummy stop move . joel the object be to try and knock the hat off the dummy with a softball . 13 . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 14 . 17 18 19 continued : 17 Joel tug on one of the hat . it do not budge . joel except half the hat be glue on . ext . '' the flighing dutchman ! '' booth , adventureland - later 18 Joel and James be approach another game booth . joel this game be inexplicably call '' the Flying dutchman '' . even more inexplicable be how they decide to spell it . moron . the sign read : '' the flighing dutchman ! '' they enter the game , which be a platform with forty or so large milk bottle . very large stuff panda bear be dangle over they . joel one dollar busy five ring . if the ring land on one of the red bottle , they win one of this giant - ass pandas . jame that be a giant - ass panda . joel it 's the best prize in the park . and that 's because this game be unwinnable . observe . I '’11 drop the ring from three inch away . Joel hold a plastic ring right above a bottle . he drop it . the ring bounce off . jame nobody ever win ? joel if they do , it 's because you be not be vigilant and they reach over and place the ring on the bottle . someone win a giant - ass panda bear on you watch ? go home , you be fire . ext . '' free throw '' booth , adventureland - later 19 they stand at a booth with five basketball hoop . joel if you stand directly below a hoop you will see that it 's be hammer into a oval shape . but back here , the sucker can not tell . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 15 . 19 20 continued : 19 James pass a basketball through the narrow hoop . jame it barely fit . that 's ... so wrong . joel a criminal abuse of the law of perspective . jame well , people be get rip off - joel yeah , yeah , trotsky , let 's get you a booth . ( he walk away , James follow ) so , you life must be utter shit or you would not be here . jame yeah . I want to be in Manhattan . but to make enough to cover rent and actually save anything seem so hard . joel wait till you parent start charge you rent . my dad even make I pay utility . ext . '' the flighing dutchman ! '' booth , adventureland - dusk 20 it 's the hour when the park start get overrun with teenager and young adult . blare from the many loudspeaker be '' something about you '' by level 42 . James 's booth be get crowded . a hyperactive guy in a fade molly hatchet t-shirt be demand he attention : molly hatchet t-shirt yo ! guy ! how many ring for a ticket ? jame five per ticket . molly hatchet t-shirt give I five . how usually do someone win here ? jame actually , I just start - molly hatchet t-shirt I hear that some big fat lady fall off the paratrooper a couple of week ago . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 16 . 20 continued : 20 jame really ? be she okay ? molly hatchet t-shirt I do not know . give I ten . no , give I fifteen . I hear she be a big , fat , really fat lady ... James notice that the customer 's eye be darting to something behind he . just as James turn to look , he see a drunk dad ( wear a scorpion concert tee ) hold he six - year - old child over the milk bottle . the boy place a ring on a red bottle and the man quickly pull he back . drunk dad ( slurring drunkenly ) he win ! check it out ! look , my kid win ! check it out ! awright , dom ! jame ( lowering he voice ) Sir , I see you hold he over the bottle . that 's cheating . drunk dad what ?! he win square - and -fair ! give he the prize ! molly hatchet t-shirt I see the kid throw it ! jame c'mon , guy , give I a break - molly hatchet t-shirt ( for passersby to hear ) this faggot 's try to cheat a kid ! give the kid he prize ! James glance over to a fellow employee in the adjoin booth , a pint-size , funny - look 15 - year-old , munch ( he nickname , short for '' munchkin '' ) . he shrug . jame guy , fella , I could lose my job - drunk dad ( lean close ) give my kid the fuckin’ panda . the dad show James a hunt knife he 's conceal by he hip . suddenly , a young woman in a '' game '' t-shirt , em lewin , enter from the other side . she pull down a panda and give it to the man . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 17 . 20 continued : ( 2 ) 20 em here you go . drunk dad yeah , thank you . that faggot be try to rip off a kid . the drunk dad stumble off with he son , join by the Molly hatchet t-shirt guy , who snicker . James turn to em . she 's cute -- no makeup , dark hair , pale skin , intelligent eye . jame ( anxious ) be I gonna get in trouble ? nobody 's ever suppose to win a giant - ass panda ? em be it worth get knife over ? I be em. jame hi. James . em Nice to meet you . suck you be gonna get fire you first day . jame ( panicky ) no , shit , I need this job - em relax , man . I be kid . behind they , munch cup he hand over he mouth . munch yo , connell ! striding toward camera be mike connell . he 's in he 30 , wear a ankle - length black coat . his attractive feature be frame by sunglass and a mass of unkempt hair . he carry a guitar case that 's emblazon with the logo for a metal band : animus . munch ( flash the '' devil sign '' ) rock ooooonnn !! em watch connell as he pass . jame who 's that ? adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 18 . 20 21 22 23 24 25 continued : ( 3 ) 20 em that 's connell . one of the maintenance guy . as connell continue through the park , employee hoot and rebel - yell to he .. int . manager 's office , adventureland - night 21 James hand he ticket apron to Bobby . frigo be punch out . a trashy - look drunk woman be slump in a chair . paulette talk into a loudspeaker microphone . paulette ( reverberate across park ) Ashley , you mother be look for you . she 's wait for you in the manager 's office , next to the snack bar . drunk woman where be that little shit ?! ext . suburban boulevard - later 22 James be riding he bicycle home . a mercede swerve close as it pass , honk -- the occupant , rich teenager , laugh at he . James scowl . another car be roll up beside he , a cinnamon - color pacer . em be drive . they exchange a look ... she drive off . int . kitchen , brennan house - night 23 a glum James eat with he family . mrs . brennan why do not you call one of you old friend ? Dave ? Gerry ? jame and tell they I work as a carny ? no thank you . Mrs. brennan look at she husband . he shrug . ext . suburban boulevard - morning 24 James once again pedale he bike alongside heavy morning traffic . and it 's raining . he look miserable . ext . '' kentucky derby '' game , adventureland - later 25 still a gray , rainy day . to make matter worse , '' pac - man fever '' by buckner & Garcia play over the PA . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 19 . 25 continued : 25 James be man the kentucky derby booth -- contestant race each other by use a lever to flip a ball into a hole , which advance a mechanical horse . jame ( into a microphone , lackluster ) okay . and the race be on . he ring a bell and the contestant begin racing . he stare absently off at a kid who be pick he nose and wiping the snot on the booth wall . a bell go off . jame ( cont would ) and we , uh , have a winner . the blue horse . yellow be second . purple be third . congratulation . as he give a stuff animal to the girl who win , James see Bobby walk quickly toward he , shaking he head . bobby James ! come on ! I tell you ! you need to make it exciting ! jame maybe , um , I be not the right guy to run this game ? bobby no . you do the job or you lose the job . you already lose I one giant - ass panda . c'mon , have not you ever see a horse race ? jame harness racing or the normal kind ? bobby who care ?! just make it fun ! Jesus . James nod . he collect ticket for the next race . jame ( attempt some enthusiasm ) okay , lady and gentleman , put down you mint julep and welcome to the kentucky derby ! the horse be at the start gate ! be you ready ?! the contestant stare at he with blank expression . jame okay . and they be off ! he ring the bell . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 20 . 25 26 continued : ( 2 ) 25 jame ( building steam ) and Red , uh , Red bolt out of the gate , take a early lead ! but look out ! here come Green , issue a challenge from the outside lane ! Green run well on a muddy track , folk , so today 's condition give he a slight edge . and yellow be dead last ! what a disappointment after yellow 's strong show at Saratoga last spring . wait a second ! out of nowhere , Orange have break ahead of the pack ! in the backstretch , it 's Orange and Green ! Orange and Green ! and Orange take it by a nose ! Green place and Red show . please come to the window to collect you winning ! once more , the contestant stare at James with blank expression . adult contestant what window ? jame nothing . forget it . here you go . as James hand out a few crappy stuff animal , he glance across the midway , where em be work in another booth . she give he a commiserative half -smile . ext . '' remote control boat '' , adventureland - next day 26 '' this dream '' by heart play on the loudspeaker as we crane down to James , on a bench , read a penguin paperback . he 's on a break . behind he be a concrete pond where kid be operate radio-controlled miniature speedboat . pete o'malley ( 19 , tall , athletic , freckle , red-haire irish - american ) be walk by with a few buddy . they all wear '' ride '' t-shirt . Pete turn to James . pete o'malley hey , you be new , right ? jame yeah . start a few day ago . pete o'malley cool . what be you read ? jame ( hesitantly ) it 's a Henry Miller book ... ' quiet day in clichy '. adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 21 . 26 27 28 continued : 26 Pete nod , interested -- which pleasantly surprise James . jame he be a american author who live a long time in Paris . it 's a wonderful novella about the bohemian life in France in the thirty . pete o'malley oh , yeah ? can I see ? jame sure . of course . Pete look at the book for a moment , nodd ... then he toss it into the pond . his buddy double over in hysterics . pete o'malley ( grin ) seeya , dork . the boy lope away . James , look humiliate , watch he float book be attack by remote- control boat . int . den , brennan house - night 27 James be prone on the couch , watch the classic prison movie '' cool Hand luke '' on tv . James nod in exaggerated empathy as strother Martin break Paul Newman 's spirit ... dissolve to : ext . '' gold fish BOWL '' booth , adventureland - another night 28 over the park , falco once again chant '' rock I , amadeus '' . James and Joel be work a unpopular booth . James be hunch over a legal pad and the New York Times classified . jame I be amaze at how tiny my paycheck be . I mean , I have be work double . joel well , we be do the work of pathetic , lazy moron . jame I figure out that I 'il probably need three to four hundred a month for my share of the apartment . if I can save up twelve hundred dollar this summer , that 's three or four month of rent . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 22 . 28 29 continued : 28 joel sure . as long as you can eat for under thirty - seven cent a day . James , we be both on the lose side of supply - side economics . my dad 's be laid off three time in the last couple of year . I get into Cornell , but the financial aid be not enough . so it 's be state school for I . as they mull over they reality , a group of pretty teenage girl walk by with they muscle - bound boyfriend . jame all this pretty girl . go out with troglodyte . this be the last place on Earth anyone would find I desirable . joel you have a girlfriend at college ? jame I do . then I do not . you ? joel the last girl I kiss be my tenth grade chem lab partner . she have brace . fourteen stitches on my tongue . they stand for a moment , while we hear : falco sing ( over loudspeaker ) amadeus , amadeus ... amadeus ! oh oh oh ... amadeus ! jame Jesus ! they play this song , like , twenty fuck time a day . joel Fucking sadist . ext . parking lot , adventureland - later that night 29 the park be close . '' who 's johnny '' by El debarge ( the hit song from '' short circuit '' ) play as patron exit . track with James as he walk . he stop abruptly . he lean down to pick up : a chained bicycle wheel that be no longer attach to a bicycle . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 30 ext . '' love machine '' ride , adventureland - moment later James , carry the wheel , walk over to frigo , who 's close the ride down for the evening . jame frigo . can I get a ride with you ? someone steal my bike . well , three - quarter of it . frigo ha-ah , brennan ! you be such a nutsack ! jame should I interpret that as a yes ? frigo move behind a little booth , unzip he pants and start pissing . jame what be you do , frigo ? frigo I can not hold it . so lend I five buck . jame why ? frigo you want a ride home ? James sigh as he reach for he wallet . 31 ext . parking lot , adventureland - moment later James and Joel stand with a group of co-worker , include frigo and munch . Joel take a pipe out of he pocket . he stuff it with tobacco and light it . joel ( off of James 's look ) I know it 's a revolting affectation , but it relax I . em saunter over to they . she have change into a concert tee for the punk band '' the damned '' . she lean close to reveal that she have a pint bottle of bacardi in she coat pocket . em want some ? jame sure . suddenly , the nearby co-worker scream loudly . 23 . 30 31 adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 24 . 31 continued : 31 co- worker ( in unison ) wet fart ! wet fart ! wet fart ! munch no it be not ! frigo check he undy !! James be at he break point : jame I be ... I be suppose to be in the caravaggio room at the uffizi or run with the bull in Pamplona ! who swap life with I ? how do I end up here ?! em welcome to the fuck . cheer . frigo turn he attention to James . frigo hey , brennan , do you know about connell ?! jame what about he ? munch he once friggin’ jamme with Neil Young ! jame seriously ? sue o'malley , a tall , cute-ish , red-haire girl , pipe in . sue o’malley it 's totally true ! connell be so friggin’ excellent ! munch ...friggin 's major ! jame he play with Neil Young ?! tell I - frigo ( interrupt ) brennan , do you know connell 's get a rock band ? they be call ' enema 's . munch ( point at he t-shirt ) it 's ' animus 's , you moron . uh-doy . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 25 . 31 continued : ( 2 ) 31 frigo shut up , munch , you munchkin ! I bet connell get ton of pussy ! sue o'malley he 's marry , you perv ! as this illuminate discussion continue , a rusty blue Pinto pull up beside they . Pete o’ malley , the jerk who throw James 's book into the boat pond , lean he head out a window . pete o'malley ( to joel ) Nice pipe , grandpa ! Pete throw something out of the car . it nail Joel in the head . joel ow . I think that be a corn dog . sue o'malley sorry , Joel . my brother 's kind of a douche . a enormous puke-color cutlass Supreme pull into the lot . in the driver 's seat be mrs . frigo , a squat italian woman . rosary bead dangle from the rear-view mirror . frigo brennan , you panty stain ! let 's go ! jame ( sighing to em ) that 's my cue . em I can give you a lift . jame really ? ( turn ) hey , frigo , I get a ride . frigo you get a ride ? jame yes , I get a ride . frigo why do not you ride this ? frigo punch James in the groin . James crumple to the ground . frigo cackle as he skitter away . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 31 32 33 continued : ( 3 ) em what the hell be that ? jame ( through the pain ) it 's just my life . ext . suburban boulevard - later a cassette be pushed into a car stereo 26 . 31 32 the proto-punk classic '' roadrunner '' by Jonathan richman & the modern Lovers start play . em and James she pacer . she crank the music up . ext . brennan house - later em pull up to the curb . jame well ... thanks for the ride . James start to get out of the car . em you in a hurry ? jame no. I be ...no. ( awkward beat ) be drive in 33 so , do connell really jam with Neil Young ? em yeah , he do . at a club in the city . connell 's actually really talented . want some ? she hand he the bacardi . he glance toward the house . jame ( look toward he house ) oh , Jesus . jame 's p.o.v . his mother squint at he through a window . jame my mother . she 's very nosy . she read my journal . I have to start they in french . okay , she 's go . he slug down some bacardi . use to write adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 27 . 33 continued : 33 em Joel tell I that you be go to grad school . Columbia ? what for ? jame journalism . em oh , really ? jame I want to be , like , a travel essayist . report on the real state of the world . like , okay , Charles dicken write what you might call ' travel book 's -- but he visit prison and mental asylum . em that 's cool . jame well , we do not have to accept the world as it be . we can shine a light on , y'know , cruelty , disparity . we can say : I be not settling for this crap . thing can be better . em nod -- not entirely convinced , though . jame you be go into you senior year , right ? what 's you major ? em it will probably be art history . it do not matter . I mean , I can not really picture myself in a profession . I do not really like be part of ... anything . jame you be a lone wolf . em yeh . that 's I . 34 ext . danny 's bar , strip mall - later 34 em be drive alone . she slow down , look over at danny be , a undistinguished nightclub / bar . a back - light sign ( miss some letter ) read : tonig T rol ing stone tribut band tumbling dic em 's p.o.v. -- a green plymouth duster in the parking lot . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 28 . 34 35 36 37 continued : 34 em drive into the lot and park . she cross to the dive bar and enter . music : '' top '' by the Rolling Stones start to play ... ext . midway , adventureland - day 35 the camera track with a unusually buxom and shapely 19 - year - old woman . she have olive skin , flow jet black hair and strike dark eye . she wear tight jeans and a orange '' ride '' shirt that be tie off to expose she midsection . she 's lisa P. mick jagger sing -.-- Cause I will take you to the top , baby ... I swear we be never go to stop , baby ... I will take you to the top ... various male react to her -- a group of boy scout ogle and punch each other , a dad furtively check she out , a awkward teen stumble into a cotton candy cart . int . '' game palace '' arcade , adventureland - continuous 36 James work the arcade . munch scurries up to a co-worker . munch Lisa P. 's back ! CO - worker ( astonished ) get out ?! munch ( run toward James ) brennan ! Lisa P. 's back ! jame who 's Lisa p.? munch Holy mother of crap ! who 's Lisa p .?! James watch quizzically as munch run on to the next male to pass along the news . ext . midway , adventureland - night 37 Lisa P. be hold court with several co-worker . her presence have they electrify . reverse on Joel behind the counter of the '' milk can toss '' booth . James stand outside the booth . they be stare at Lisa P. adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 29 . 37 continued : 37 joel look at the shape of she ass . it 's a platonic ideal . that ass be a higher truth . look , look ! see how there 's that little portal of light just below she crotch . where the thigh meet the pudendum . jame pudendum ? joel --.- I be tell you , I have have dream about that diamond - shape portal ... shit , she 's come over here ! be cool ! jame you be tell I to be cool ? as Lisa P. 's group break up , she saunter toward Joel and James , along with she friend , kelly , a blonde girl . they be eat sno-cone . lisa P. hey , joel. joel ( nervously ) hey , Lisa . I do not expect to see you back . lisa P. oh , man , I have my whole summer , like , mapped out . Beach by day , dance by night . but my dad , he get sick . he have this whole , like , heart operation . I mean , I need to help out , y’know ? joel I be sorry to hear that . ( apropos of nothing ) my mom have shingles . lisa P. oh. kelly so do anyone ever win this game ? jame the trick be to underhand it , with you palm toward you . it give you backspin . lisa P. yeah ? adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 30 . 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 jame then when the ball hit the lip of the milk can , it catch . like this . James toss a ball . it bounce off the lip of the milk can and do not go in . joel ( into a microphone , loudly ) and we have a loser . jame I mean , it take a few try . ha. lisa P. well , we gotta go run the ' Love Machine 's . do not want paulette bitchin’ I out my first night back . ( to James , with a little smile ) I be Lisa . jame James . the boy watch as Lisa P. walk away . Joel look like he might cry . 38 int . '' game palace '' arcade , adventureland - later 38 James stand beside Joel as he play a video game . joel ( narrate he play ) ah-ha ! the smart bomb ! fuuuck ! see , okay , yes , observe . I have two option . I could play it safe , cower back here and pick off marauder ... ( start tapping button wildly ) or I could rush into the breach , gun blaze ... make a run right at the cortex !! jame you shield be almost go ... joel .-.- and bomb away ! a explosion sound -- Joel 's ' strategy 's have succeed . joel audentis fortuna iuvat . fortune favor the bold . Virgil say that . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 31 . 38 continued : 38 jame I be sure Virgil have ' bionic commando 's in mind . as Joel attack the next level , James notice two burly , tough teenage boy play a nearby video game . a sweet - look , runty boy , be try to watch . runty boy can I play ? tough teenager fuck off . runty boy can I have a quarter ? tough teenager ( ignore he ) ah , shit ! eat fire-dick , sucka !! runty boy but dad say - tough teenager I say fuck off ! the runty boy wander off , pout . James take out he wallet , pull out a few singles . he stuff they into he change apron , count out a bunch of quarter . jame ( to the kid ) hey , kid . here , have some fun . James hold out he hand . the kid look confuse . jame it 's okay . go nut . the kid grin and take the money . he run back to he brother and show he the quarter . the older boy look over at James , suspicious and annoyed . he take the quarter from the kid and pocket they . the runty boy look stricken . jame fuck . ( walk toward the kid ) hey , that money be he . the teenager turn toward James . he look piss . tough teenager what ? Joel look up from the game , surprised . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 32 . 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 jame I ... I just give he that money . the teenager start toward James , menacingly . tough teenager be you accuse I ? joel ( to himself ) fuuuck . the teen 's expression be borderline psychotic . people have turn to watch -- including em , who have just enter from the snack bar . James can see she , over the teen 's shoulder . tough teenager ( still move forward ) I be gonna fuck beat you . you hear I ? I be gonna hurt you . right now . jame okay . I can not win a fight with you . I know that . ( turn to Joel ) if I have a seizure , get the syringe from my locker . it have insulin . if I do not have the insulin , it could be fatal . tough teenager what ? what the fuck ?! jame ( turn back ) I have a condition . tough teenager ( confuse and irritate ) you have ... you have ... i...? ( almost helpless ) you fuckin’ pussy . he turn and walk away . Joel exhales , deeply relieved . joel ( aside to James ) you make that up ? I mean , we do not have locker ... jame what do you think ? munch heh-heh ! brennan 's get a condition !! adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 33 . 38 39 40 continued : ( 3 ) 38 James see that em have take this all in . she give hima sympathetic look . ext . bumper car - later 39 music : generation X 's punk rock cover of John Lennon 's '' gimme some Truth '' . the camera be mount to the '' hood '' of a bumper car and zooming toward James , a sit duck in he bumper car . the camera be jolted as James be send spin , spark raining down . em grin as she drive away from the scene of the crime . James give pursuit . he 's about to hit em , when she veer at the last second . James slam into a freckle kid . the kid stare he down as he drive off . em taunt James from afar , drive in circle . James catch up to she ... but then : the freckle kid be come straight at he . they crash . James be throw forward . a split - second later , he 's whiplashed backward as another kid hit he . then another . and another . em laugh as every kid on the ride pummel James ... ext . '' shoot out the STAR '' game - another day 40 General Public 's '' tenderness '' play as three loud kide be fight over the bb gun . loud kid # 1 c'mon , it 's my turn , fartstain ! loud kid # 2 no it 's not , dickweed ! loud kid # 3 ( hold he head ) that ride make I dizzy ! do that ride make you dizzy ...?! James yawn . beside he , connell be repair one of the gun . jame so I hear that you jamme with Neil Young . connell do not believe everything you hear . ( beat ) I 'il tell you about it some time . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 40 continued : 40 jame where do you band play ? connell usual place . but I need better player . I be gonna start a new band . out in Los Angeles . jame Los Angeles ? connell it 's the best rock / metal scene in the world . motley crue , poison , ratt , tesla . and punk , too . Black flag , X , Circle jerk ... shit 's happen out there . goin 's this winter - loud kid # 1 ( 0.s. ) nasty ! James turn to see that the ride-sick kid be vomit . he turn and spray puke right at James , who get splash before he can escape . connell bummer . James grab a roll of brown paper towel and start clean himself . em walk over to the counter . em Party at my house tonight . my dad -- and he consort -- be in martha 's vineyard . jame I be invite ? em yes , that 's why I be tell you . connell ? connell give em a long look . he smile at she . connell sound kick -ass . you kiddie have fun . connell grab he toolbox and walk off . 41 int . den , lewin house - continuous 4l em , in a wear buzzcock t-shirt , be pour Jack Daniels into James 's glass . behind they , a group of ten or so adventureland employee , include Joel and frigo , be drink beer in the live room . em 's house be noticeably bigger and swankier than the brennan home . 34 . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 35 . 4l 42 43 continued : 4l jame Nice dig . I have to ask you ... why be you work at adventureland ? em I work there a few summer during high school . I could have spend the summer with college friend . I do not know ... I be kinda sick of they . adventureland suck , but it get I out of the house . James nod . she seem to be tell only part of the story . jame hey , I bring this . James reach into he wallet . he remove a sad , misshapen joint . int . kitchen , lewin house - later 42 '' bear to lose '' by johnny thunders be blast on the stereo . the camera follows the joint be pass around the table : Sue take a tentative puff , then pass it to Joel . he take he ridiculous tobacco pipe out of he mouth to have a toke , before hand it to frigo , who laugh maniacally while fill a giant cup with bourbon . meanwhile , em and James sit on the kitchen counter . em I be go for a swim . anyone want to join I ? ( nobody 's go for it ) brennan ? jame I do not have a bathing suit . em ( shrugging ) you be a guy . you do not need to wear anything . ext . backyard , lewin house - moment later 43 em dive into the pool . she surface and look up at James who stand shirtless , tentative about disrob further . em come on . James quickly slip off he jeans , leave nothing but he white cotton brief . he 's not go any further . he jump into the pool . after he emerge , em swim up to he . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 36 . 43 continued : 43 em hey , do you have any more of that pot ? jame yeah , at home . why ? em my connection have all dry up . you ever make pot cookie ? it 's really fun . though last semester my friend Gary eat way too many and go nut . actually check himself into a psych ward . jame I have always want to have a psychotic break ! em do not be a pussy ! em push James underwater . he re-emerges , grab she . she shriek as he drag she under . they pop back up , laugh . they play fight for a few moment , then stop . they look like they be get arouse . em I think I need a cocktail . em get out of the pool . James steal a glance at she bathing suit-clad body . em you come ? jame ( weirdly ) um . in asec . you go ahead . em ( not sure why ) oh-kay . em enter the house , James sheepishly get out of the pool and '' adjust himself '' . frigo ( 0.s. ) ah-hah ! frigo stand in the doorway to the kitchen . frigo brennan 's get a boner !! some of the other rush to the window . James panic and hurl himself back into the pool . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 37 . 44 int . den , lewin house - continuous 44 '' take Tiger Mountain '' by Brian eno spin on the record player . from the kitchen we can hear the other play a boisterous drink game . em , towel wrap around she waist , enter with two cocktail . she hand one to James , who 's also in a towel . he 's flipping through she record . jame eno , Lou reed , replacement ... good stuff . em here , give I you underwear . i' ' 11 throw it in the dryer . James awkwardly slide he underwear off from beneath the towel . he hesitates before hand they over . em do not worry , you will get they back . as James sip he drink , he notice a gold - frame photo of a dark - red-haire woman wear a somewhat maniacal smile . em that 's my stepmother . jame oh . em my mother die two year ago . jame ( catch off guard ) I be ... sorry . em my dad get remarry last year . ( sneering at the photo ) her name be francy . see that unholy abomination on she head ? it 's a wig . jame really ? em she have some kind of nervous breakdown when she first husband divorced she . her hair fall out . I have feel sorry for she if she be not such a pathetic , status - obsessed witch . em finish she cocktail , crack the ice in she tooth . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 44 continued : em I be buzze . be you ? jame kind of . she 's smile a little . she lean over and kiss he . start to make out . something out the window catch James 's eye it 's he mother . Mrs. frigo stand behind she . jame Christ ! em what ? mrs . brennan James brennan , meet I at the door ! 45 int . kitchen , lewin house - continuous frigo be take a hit off James 's tiny joint . jame ( enter , confuse ) frigo . we mom be outside . frigo ( cough on the joint ) Holy shit ! if she smell marijuana on I , I be dead ! frigo jump up from the table . frigo last time I get catch smoking weed , my father make I get into a bathtub fill with ice ! jame that be eighth grade - frigo I gotta get outta here ! frigo ( start out of the room ) frigo . come on . Act like a adult ... frigo suddenly jump out a open window and scamper off the night . 38 . 44 they 45 into adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 39 . 45 46 continued : 45 joel or not . ext . lewin house - continuous 46 James open the door . his mother and Mrs. frigo be on the porch . mrs . brennan ( sternly ) what be this ? she hold out a thin joint . em be watch from the foyer . down the hall , some of the other have gather . jame Eric ... he like to roll he own cigarettes . it must have get into my stuff when I pack - mrs . brennan oh , this be a cigarette ? jame I think so ... mrs . brennan well , I find this cigarette on the floor of you room . be you do drug ? jame no , I be not do they . I be deal they . right out of the house . cut open my mattress , you will find a kilo of hashish . mrs . brennan oh , you be some comedian . you be a real David brenner . jame ( step forward ) Mom , could not this wait ? I be at a party . I be not - as James move toward he mother , he towel start to fall off . James grab it in a panic , spilling he cocktail all over the porch . jame ( clutching the towel ) I be not a child . I be a grow man . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 40 . 46 47 continued : 46 mrs . brennan be that so ? Mrs. brennan look at em , who hold a drink in one hand and James 's wet underwear in the other . mrs . frigo where 's Tommy ?! he steal liquor ! jame he go with some of the guy to get pizza , Mrs. frigo . mrs . brennan you better not be get mix up in any shenanigan , young man . put on some pants . and underwear . hold on the embarrassed James as he mother walk off . ext . tree - line road - later 47 em 's pacer roll slowly down a dark road . em drive , while James lean out the window , squinting . jame frigo ! you out there ?! ... you idiot ! -.. frigo ! he turn to em and shrug . em I can drive you home ? jame okay . he turn away from she , embarrassed by he mother 's visit , defeat . em put a cassette on . '' there be a Light that never go out '' by the smith play . after a few beat , James turn and glance at em . she 's lose in the song . her hair be be toss around by the wind . she 's beautiful . he turn back to the road . the tree seem to be floating as the headlight hit they on the twist road . James look back at em . his anxiety seem to fall away ... adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 4l . 48 int . jame 's bedroom , brennan house - later 48 James lie on he bed . he turn to he pillow , a goofy love-struck look on he face . he pull it over he face . jame ( as if kissing em ) 49 int . kitchen , lewin house - later 49 as em clean up , the phone ring . she answer . em ( familiar tone ) hey ... no , they be go . Party break up pretty early ... ( tentatively ) um , so ... want to come over ? 50 int . foyer , lewin house - later 50 em peer out a window beside the front door . her p.o.v. -- pull up to the curb be the same green plymouth duster we see in the parking lot at Danny 's bar . a man get out of the driver 's seat . it 's connell . 51 int . den , lewin house - moment later 51 connell flip through the same stack of record James have be look at earlier . em enter with two bourbon . she hand one to connell . em so how long do we have ? five minute ? connell a little more than that . but I do not see any point in waste time . connell move closer to she , sip he drink . connell ( cont 'd ) can I see some of you body ? em depend on what you want to see . connell what do you want to show I ? beat . em take off she shirt . she stand before connell in a light blue bra . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 42 . 51 continued : 51 connell oh , God . you be beautiful . I wonder ... do you panty match ? em unbutton she jeans . she slide they off . her underwear be black . em they do not . he move close to she . connell begin to kiss she neck . he arrive at she lip . they kiss for a moment . connell give I you hand . do you feel what you have do to I ? em ( quietly ) indeed . connell lift em up and put she on the back of a couch . he kiss she neck as he undoe he jeans . close on emas face she wrap she arm around he as they begin to have sex . 52 int . snack bar , adventureland - later 52 James and em be wait on line . he hand she a cassette . jame I make you a tape . my favorite bummer song . truly miserable , pit-of - despair - type song . you will love it . em cool . thanks . two preppy guy in front of they on line be bicker : preppy guy # 1 .-. -- eat I ! pay for you own food ! preppy guy # 2 come on , just pay for I ! do not be a Jew ! you be such a Jew ... em ( piping in ) hey , I be a Jew . preppy guy # 2 what ? adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 43 . 52 53 54 continued : 52 em I just want to warn you that my Jew germ be probably get all over you sloppy joe here . I would not want you to catch jew-berculosis . preppy guy # 2 ( move away ) what 's you problem , freak ? the two preppies hurry off . jame what asshole . em look at James . she 's piss , but like that he 's take she side . ext . suburban boulevard - same night 53 em and James drive in she pacer . jame where be you take I ? em simply wag she eyebrow at he . she pull into the parking lot of Danny 's bar . the illuminate sign read : to ight : jamy cry no ! int . danny's bar - continuous 54 a dorky teenager screech into a microphone : dorky teenager ( a la David Lee roth ) --- I be not the worst you have see ...! ah , can not you see what I mean ?! ah , might as well jump ... jump ! go ahead an’ jump ... jump !... wider -- a Van halen tribute band comprise of adolescent . they be wear sleeveless t-shirt and sweatband . the bar be half - fill . em and James be sit at a table in the back . they throw back Jack Daniels shot , follow by budweiser chaser . jame I feel I should , um , tell you ... em what ? adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 44 , 54 continued : 54 jame ( overly earnest ) I , uh , have my heart break recently . I just think ... I do not know ... I should tell you . em that suck . who break you heart ? jame a girl at school . I really think there be something there , that she and I have potential . I think she be afraid . em afraid of what ? jame the real thing . em ah. be the sex good ? jame ( evasively ) she be very sexy . em have you sleep with a lot of girl ? jame um . we be talk about intercourse ? em uh... yeah . jame well , okay , um ... there be a few time that I could have do that . but none of that time be quite right . em wait . brennan . be you tell I that you be a virgin ? jame ( defensively ) there be circumstance . for instance , okay , junior year I date this girl , Sue hornick . Sue be kind of a prude . one day , I be read some Shakespeare and realize -- I do not really love this person ... em .-- Shakespeare tell you that ? adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 45 . 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 jame it be one of the sonnet . y'know , about authentic love . I think , this be not it , I have to break up . I go straight to Sue 's house and be literally about to tell she -- and that 's the night she say she finally want to have sex . can you believe it ? that be the night ! em and you do not just fuck she anyway ? jame ( as if this have not occur to he ) um. well. no. ( look down ) so what about you ? and intercourse ? em could you stop use the word ' intercourse 's ? you sound like my sex ed teacher , Mr. pincus . my first be a guy in high school . ( vaguely ) and I see some guy at college . jame be you in love with any of they ? em Hell , no . they be all dick . jame dick . gotcha. ( something catch he eye ) oh , hey . it 's connell . em turn around . connell be walk right toward she , accompany by a pretty woman with long , tawny hair . jame hey , connell ! connell stop short when he see em . jame do you know this place ? connell yeah . this be my joint . connell turn to the long-haire woman . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 46 . 54 continued : ( 3 ) 54 connell ( cont 'd ) this guy work at the park . ( turn back ) this be ronnie . em ( tersely ) hey . connell we be meeting some friend . connell lead he wife away . jame be that connell 's wife ? she 's good look . em ( irritate ) yeh. 55 int . danny's bar - later 55 a cable be plugged into a electric guitar tilt up to reveal that connell hold the guitar . he have join the band onstage . nearby , a rowdy group be clap and hoot -- all except connell 's wife , who yawn and check she watch . the drummer start a propulsive beat . connell wink at he wife , then start shredd , Eddie Van halen-style . his friend go berserk . connell shoot a look over at James and em . he look a little irritate ... 56 ext . danny 's bar - later 56 James follow em out of the bar . jame be you sure you want to go ? em yes . I do not need to hear the entire Van halen oeuvre . they cross to she car . jame I do not want the night to be over . let 's go somewhere . em hesitates . she nod , then get into she car . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 47 . 57 58 ext . beach - night 57 em and James , on a beach , drink can of beer , toss driftwood onto a fire . em press down the play button on a old - school cassette player / recorder . through the plastic door we see , hand - write on the cassette : j’s favorite bummer song . a stark , solo acoustic version of Neil Young 's '' cowgirl in the Sand '' start to play ... later : em and James be lie on a blanket , stare at the night sky . em suddenly stand and walk away . James look up , bemuse . he get up , follow she as she enter a nearby wood area . she glance back , then go into a run . the Neil Young song slowly grow less tinny , more intimate . James enter the dark tree area . he glance around for em , who 's disappear . he look a bit spook . a slash of light cross em 's face , as she emerge from the dark . she push James into a tree , move she lip to he . they kiss and grope , hungry and breathless . CUT to : ext . '' laughing clown '' booth , adventureland - day 58 once again , '' rock I , amadeus '' be blast . James man the booth , trap beneath a loudspeaker . connell be in the booth , repair one of the mechanical clown head . jame do you have a ice pick I can jam into my ear ? I can not listen to this song again ! connell no , but I have this . connell open he tool box and toss James a can of beer . connell be cool with that . so , be you on a date the other night ? James duck under the counter to drink some of the beer . jame um . I would not call it a date . connell not into em ? adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 48. 58 59 continued : 58 jame no , she 's great . but I be not really look for a girlfriend . I be get over a break heart . connell you do not tell she that , do you ? jame um , why ? connell ( roll he eye ) Christ . Girls do not want to hear about you break heart . jame wh- why not ? connell because woman do not want a guy who 's all confuse and tear up over someone else . look , I be not say you should never be vulnerable in front of a girl . but you do not play that card first . jame it 's a card ? like a...card ? connell there 's a science to it all . you should like that , I bet you be good at science . ext . ferris wheel , adventureland - night 59 James and em be in a ferris wheel gondola , make out . they rise above the park 's twinkle light . springsteen 's '' I be on Fire '' play . James slide he hand up em 's shirt . he struggle with she bra ... there 's a loud screech and the ferris wheel jerk to a halt . em what the fuck ?! the gondola be swinging back - and -forth . em and James look below -- frigo man the control . em be fix she bra . frigo ( into a bullhorn , sing the billy squier song ) stroke I , stroke I ! employee be stare up at the couple -- including joel . frigo start up the ferris wheel ... and then stop it again . other customer on the ride start yell down at he . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 49 , 59 continued : 59 jame frigo ! cut it out ! frigo sorry ! I will not do it again ! frigo start the ride ... and stop . em & jame frigo ! frigo last time ! I swear ! he do it again , crack himself up ... 60 int . manager' office , adventureland - night 60 Bobby sit with two exhaust - look teens who be bloody and bruise , nose and eye swollen . bobby guy . you can not just come to a family amusement center and beat the shit out of each other . and you be both waste . who can I call to come pick you up ? c’mon . em and James enter and begin to punch out ... teen # 1 ( to he friend ) um...can you mom hear the phone ring ... when she 's be gangbange ? the other teen lunge and suddenly the two dude be beat the shit out of each other again . em ( could not care less about the fight ) I have to run to the rest room . jame I 'il wait for you in the arcade . they exit as Bobby struggle to pry the two kid apart . 61 int . snack bar , adventureland - moment later 61 em exit the lady room . connell be wait for she . connell ( quietly ) I want to see you . tonight . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 50 . 61 62 63 64 65 continued : 61 em really ? connell I just miss you . have I lose you ? he 's look at she with genuine vulnerability . em seem affect by this . she look into the arcade where James and Joel be play a video game together , shove each other , act like kid . em where can we go ? that 's not the backseat of you car . connell meet I at crazy benny 's . em walk away from connell . through the glass , we see she approach James . em hey , let 's go . I can give you a lift , but I be too beat to hit the diner ... ext . crazy benny 's liquor store - night 62 connell 's duster sit in the parking lot of a discount liquor store . em 's pacer pull in . she drive right up to he driver 's side window . connell follow I . he pull away . she do a u-turn and follow ... dissolve to : ext . suburban street / connell 's mother 's house - later 63 we 're with em , in she car , as she follow connell 's duster down a tree-line street . connell pull over and em do the same . without speak , em follow connell toward a older-looking home . they walk around to a side yard ... ext . backyard , connell 's mother 's house - continuous 64 em watch as connell unlock the back door ... int . den , connell 's mother 's house - continuous 65 connell 's mother sleep on a couch , under a crochet blanket . she 's conspicuously overweight . the tv play loudly . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 51 . 65 continued : 65 connell ( 0.s. ) hey , mar , it 's I ... she awaken . connell 's mother ( feeble , sickly ) mikey ...? that you ...? it 's so late ... connell ( enter ) you know I . I x11 keep it down . he give she a kiss on the cheek . connell 's mother okay , honey ... 66 ext . backyard , connell 's mother 's house - moment later 66 connell reappear at the back door . he let em into the house . 67 int . mud room , connell 's mother 's house - continuous 67 they quietly cross to the basement doorway and enter ... 68 int . basement , connell 's mother 's house - continuous 68 they descend into a wood - panell basement , he adolescent sanctuary -- rock poster , a air hockey table , a weight bench , a few guitar . he click on the radio . connell want a beer ? em get anything stronger ? he hold up a bottle of Jack Daniels . she nod . connell open a small fridge , to get ice . he pour two drink . em what excuse do you give you mother for come down here ? gotta pump some midnight iron ? connell sometimes I come over here to practice . give ronnie a break . he lean in and kiss she neck . she pull back . em be you still hot for you wife ? what 's the sex like ? adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 52 . 68 69 70 continued : 68 connell do not . do not be mean . em geez , you be sensitive . connell em , I be serious . let 's not make it like all the other shit out there . when we be together , we be good to each other . let 's not ruin it . they stare at each other for a few tense moment . em okay . she move into he arm , bury she head into he chest . ext . midway , adventureland - day 69 paulette , look grouchy in a uncle Sam hat , point park - goer toward a sign that read : hey , u.s.a. , happy b-day !! firework 2 nite ! int . '' game palace '' arcade , adventureland - continuous 70 Lisa P. play '' pole position '' , a sit-down race car video game . she notice James at the adjacent game , try to clean some gum out of a coin slot with a popsicle stick . lisa P. hey , James . jame bonus lap . kudos . lisa P. ( lowering she voice ) I hear you might have some weed ? jame ( try to be cool ) I have get a stash . you like the ganja ? lisa P. sometimes . jame hold on . he look around , act suspicious . he take out he wallet . he slip Lisa P. a small , crumpled joint . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 53 . 70 71 continued : 70 lisa P. I can have this ? jame no prob . lisa P. ( smile ) Nice . maybe we should go on break ? ext . antique car ride - soon after 71 off to the side of the ride , be some break down antique buggy . James sit in the front seat of one , Lisa P. lie across the back seat , discreetly smoking the joint . jame .-..- I be suppose to go to Europe . it be a graduation present from my parent . then my dad 's company have all this cutback , he get demote , they could not afford it anymore . so , here I be . lisa P. ( take a toke , beat ) my dad 's really sick . jame I be sorry . lisa P. want some ? jame uh , yeah . okay . he take a tiny toke . lisa P. it 's hard to see he like that . not for I , for he . he do not like be see that way . y'know , weak . jame Men be very proud . lisa P. yeah . exactly . do you believe in God ? jame ( catch off guard ) um. wow . theology usually do not come up around here a lot . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 54 . 71 72 continued : 71 lisa P. yeah , but you see someone you love get really sick , you think about that . jame right , see -- I be not a devout Catholic , but I believe in love . that there 's something divine in the human capacity to love . lisa P. that 's pretty cool . ( nodd thoughtfully , then ) I be majorly high . jame ( worried ) oh , shit . I , too . she start to giggle like crazy . ext . '' the flighing dutchman ! '' booth - that night 72 crowd have gather for the firework . em and Sue o’ malley work the booth , James stand outside the booth , read a newspaper . he 's manic from get stone : jame secord admit that they be shredd document after the investigation begin ! em ( incense ) no fuck way ! jame that 's what he testify ! that fucker ! em scumbag ! sue o’malley what be you guy talkin’ ...? jame iran-contra hearing . Sue shrug , no idea what he 's talk about . something catch both em and James 's attention : connell and he wife be strolling along the midway . she 's dress in a tacky - yet - sexy cocktail waitress get-up . she hold they baby boy . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 55 . 72 73 74 75 continued : 72 jame why be she dress like that ? em she work at that lame disco , razzmatazz . sue o’malley ( partially overhear ) you do not like razzmatazz ?! a bunch of we be go the tuesday after next . it 's two - fer tuesday . two drink for the price of one !! you guy gotta go . Sue get call away by a customer . em ( still watch connell 's wife ) it 's kinda sad . jame what ? razzmatazz ? no. they marriage . he do not really want it . now he 's trap . a loud whistle and boom ! the first volley of fire work have begin . int . manager' office , adventureland - continuous 73 Bobby fumble with a audio cassette . bobby shit ! I be not ready !! he jam the cassette into a player and hit play . ext . midway , adventureland - continuous 74 over the loudspeaker , we hear meco 's disco-fy version of the '' Star Wars theme '' . James , em and Sue stare up at the firework as the crowd ooh 's and aha . em subtly look over at connell . he turn and lock eye with she . hold on this load exchange of look ... super wide on the park , firework explode above ... ext . parking lot , adventureland - night 75 the parking lot be empty , except for em 's pacer . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 75 continued : inside the car -- James and em be kissing . she grab he crotch . he jump . em sorry . jame no , no -- no reason to be sorry . em ( look right at he ) can I touch you ? jame absolutely . she '' touch '' he , while they kiss . a wiffle ball bat rap at the window . em & jame ah ! Rich , the parking lot attendant , be peer down at they . James cover himself up as em roll down the window . em Rich , you scared the hell out of we . he 's look past James , at em . rich the park 's close . em . em I know , Rich . jame Rich , it 's I , James . rich the park 's close , James . jame yeah , we be leave soon . rich you better leave now . I do not want you to get in trouble . the park 's close . em okay . gotcha . good-night , Rich . they drive off . 75 56 . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 57 . 76 int . den , lewin house - night 76 on a tv screen Oliver North , fervently testify before the senate ... meanwhile James be on top of em , make out , fully dry-hump . they be practically explode with hormone . em ( lean close ) I think we should get naked . jame ( beat ) yes . yes , I concur . upstair ? em here . now . em unbutton James 's pants . she start to pull they down . jame wait . shoe . he start to get he shoe off . she do the same . from the other room , we hear a door OPEN . em fuck ! they be early ! em push James off -- he roll onto the floor with a thud . he struggle to pull up he pants as fast as possible . em reach to turn on a lamp , knock it over -- she catch it just in time and set it right . James hop onto the couch beside em , pull a pillow over he lap to hide he hard - on just as mr. lewin enter . he 's follow by em 's stepmother , francy , gaunt , with a big , fake smile . they be dress up . James be wear only one sneaker . francy ( with creepy enthusiasm ) heeeyyy , kiiid ! mr . lewin ( brusquely ) hey . what 's go on ? em dad , this be my friend , James . James start to get up -- but he erection make it awkward . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 58 . 76 continued : 76 jame ( halfway stand ) hello . sir. francy hi , James . Nice to meet you . Mr. lewin stare blankly at the tv screen for a moment . James try to not stare at francy 's wig . mr . lewin well , I need to do some work before bed . good-night . he trudge out . francy so it be a lovely party at the melnick . they have do a beautiful job on they backyard . add a fountain . anda pergola . just gorgeous . em ( could not give a shit ) sound magical . francy they daughter , lori , be lovely . she say you two use to be best friend ?! em in junior high . she use to sleep over . francy how nice . em ( to James ) lori melnick once violate we cat , gypsy , with a ballpoint pen . francy Emily ! em she be just , like , ‘hey , check this out 's and start to pleasure the cat . it be kinda weird . do that make I a accessory to cat rape ? francy Young lady ! that 's enough ! francy huff with disgust as she exit . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 59 . 76 77 78 79 continued : ( 2 ) 76 em ( irritate ) ugh . let 's get out of here . ext . large field - moment later 77 we be in a field that 's crisscross by colossal high - tension wire tower . em sit on the hood of the car and light a cigarette . James throw back some bacardi . '' willpower '' by the replacement play from the car . em I do not give a shit about the melnick and they fuck pergola ! she can not imagine that people might value something in this world other than money and the ugly shit that it busy ! I just can not believe that 's who my dad would choose to be with ! em take the bottle from James and drink . em ( hesitantly ) when my mom get sick -- really sick -- my dad suddenly start go to temple . like every night . he be never serious about he faith . but , you know , he be gonna buddy up to God , ask he to save my mother . ( laugh bitterly ) but he be not at temple . he be actually have ... relation with that creature . she look off , do not want to make eye contact with James . em my mom lose she hair because of chemo . and my father start sleep with a bald woman . ( beat ) Fucking weird . ext . midway , adventureland - day 78 as the disco classic '' rock you baby '' by George mccrae play , Lisa P. and she friend Kelly do a sultry dance in front of the gravitron ride . every male within a hundred yard be gawk at this show . int . manager' office , adventureland - continuous 79 Bobby stare out the window , look wistful . he 's watch Lisa P. 's gyrate ass . he gulp from a can of beer . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 60 . 79 continued : 79 bobby it 's nice when paulette 's get a day off , huh ? so I can put on the disco station . connell sit near Bobby , make some repair on the p.a. system . bobby tell I one of you storey ... connell oh , christ ... bobby wait , tell I trifecta day again ! which one do you do first ? the brunette babe with bang and the white short and the birth mark right inside she thigh , right ? connell Bobby , you know this storey better than I do . James enter . Bobby nearly fall out of he chair , try to hide he beer . bobby hey , brennan . jame ( hand over ticket apron ) I be on break . the phone ring . bobby ( into phone ) hello ? ( to connell ) it 's you mother . connell sigh . he take the phone . we faintly hear a distress - sounding voice on the other end . connell ( into phone ) hey , mar ... it 's okay ... I will ... alright , mar , I will come over ... do not ... I know , I know ... I gotta ... i’1l be right there . he hang up , shake he head . connell I gotta go . ( nod to James to follow he ) jimbo . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 61 . 80 int . snack bar , adventureland - continuous 80 James follow connell out of the office . connell you get one of that little baby joint on you ? jame I do . connell I could use that . let 's go for a ride . 81 ext . suburban boulevard - day 81 James drive with connell in the duster . connell light up the joint . jame you mom okay ? connell ( lighting up ) my mother 's over three hundred pound , half - blind from diabete . she 's also get arthritis and emphysema . and now she can not control she bowel . personally , I have rather be dead . jame I be sorry ... connell hand the joint to James , who take a hit . he hold in the smoke , determine to not cough . James wait a beat , as if to see if he 's stone already . he slowly take in the song on the radio -- it 's a languorous , guitar-heavy Neil Young song . James turn the volume up . connell ( listen to the song ) that 's cool ... jame it 's Neil Young . connell oh. right . jame cortez the killer . connell yeh - yeh . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 62 . 81 82 continued : 81 connell suck on the joint and hand it back to James . jame you gotta tell I you Neil Young story . he 's , like , a real hero to I . oh , shit - James suddenly duck down in he seat . connell what the fuck be you do ? jame cop car . connell uh , desperado , it 's a drive school car . jame ( sit back up ) oh . so you go tonight ? connell razzmatazz ? not really my scene . how go it with em ? jame it 's go ... she 's ... it 's be ... ( beat ) I think I be in love with she . connell , surprised , look over at James , who obliviously take another hit ... then start cough up he lung . int . '' game palace '' arcade , adventureland - later 82 em be make change for some gruff , chain -smoke old woman who be play '' fascination '' , a bingo- like game . em spot connell close by , repair a skee ball machine . she stroll toward he as he pitch some ball to test the machine . connell I be hang with you boyfriend today . em he 's not my boyfriend . connell he tell I that he 's in love with you . em ( surprised by this ) what ? connell he say : '' I think I be in love with she '' . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 63. 82 83 84 85 continued : 82 old lady ( 0.s. ) Excuse I ! miss ! Young lady ! one of the old lady be frantically wave some dollar at em . she walk to she , a bit perturb . ext . suburban boulevard - night 83 music : '' let the music play '' by shannon a tracking shot of a fast - move caravan of car . em 's car be the leader of the pack . ext . parking lot , '' razzmatazz '' dance club - night 84 a shopping mall parking lot , beneath a glow sign that read '' razzmatazz '' . the camera follows James , em , Joel and Sue o'malley as they pass through the front door of the nightclub . int . '' razzmatazz " '' dance club - continuous 85 the club be pack , the music ( Shannon still ) be very loud . every surface be either carpete , mirrore or paint black . em be take it all in . she notice the slack - jaw face of Pete o’malley and he pal -- they be hypnotize by Lisa P. , who 's on the dance floor , do a synchronize hip -sway dance with Kelly . em this place be vile . as they cross to the bar , em spot connell 's wife nearby . she 's serve cocktail to a table of smitten guy . as she move away from the table , she recognize James and em . she put on a smile , but it take some effort : ronnie hey , it 's adventureland night ! what can I get ya ? jame four gin and tonic . ronnie four g- and - t 's ... em make it eight . ( off the other 's look ) it 's two - fer night . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 64 . 86 int . '' razzmatazz '' dance club - later 86 we find the foursome in a big , curve booth litter with cocktail glass . Joel be in conversation with Sue . sue o’malley what be you majore in ? joel Russian literature and slavic language . sue o’malley wow . that 's interesting . what career track be that ? joel cabbie . hot dog vendor . marijuana delivery guy . the world 's my oyster . a new song start : '' I can ’t wait '' by nu shooz around they , there 's a rush to the dance floor . Sue drunkenly jump up from she seat . sue o’malley c'mon ! let 's dance ! em ! em do not look enthuse . James stand , take she hand . jame come on . em do not budge . jame come on ! James pull the reluctant em up from the booth and onto the dance floor . as they start to dance , James surprise em by grab she hand and spin she into he arm . em whoa . jame marci feingold , ninth grade , teach I that one . Lisa P. be right beside they . lisa P. Nice move , brennan . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 65 . 87 ext . parking lot , '' razzmatazz '' dance club - night 87 Joel stumble alongside the very waste Sue , who 's do silly jazz dance move . sue o'malley razzmatazz ! razzma-tazzzzzz ! em come on , razzmatazz , I be drive you home . sue o'malley we love you , razzmatazz ! she spin around and fall down . sue o'malley ( as if cursing ) razzmatazz ! Joel help she up . joel you okay ? sue o'malley ooh . you be strong ... ish . that 's so ... razzmatazz . she lean on Joel as they walk toward em 's car . 88 ext . beach parking lot - night 88 in the back seat of em 's park car : Joel and Sue be sloppily make out . out on the beach , James and em sit on the lifeguard stand . he wear a drunk , fretful look . jame I need to tell you something . em okay . jame I know I say ... we both say ... I have change my ... I feel differently ... about you , about we ... em look off at the surf . her expression cloud over . em I do not know ... jame what do not you know ? adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 66 . 88 89 continued : 88 em there 's a lot of shit in my life , James . you have no idea ... jame em , I think I do . I ... I want to be there for you . she look at he , so much happen in she eye . jame you think you can do everything alone . but you do not have to ... I know you must be so disappointed with you father - em it 's late . with that , she hop off the lifeguard stand and head back to the car . he follow , a few step behind . jame em ...? she look at he , then get in the car . ext . '' hat off to larry '' booth , adventureland - day 89 pssshhhhh ... a aerosol can spray toward camera . wider -- paulette be spraying adhesive on one of the '' Larry '' mannequin head . she glue a hat on it . it 's morning at adventureland . James walk past , drink some coffee . he see Lisa P. , struggle to drag a heavy wooden sign -- it 's a cut - out of a a cartoon pirate , say : '' matey must be this tall to ride '' . jame here , let I help . he put down he coffee and help she move the sign to the front of the entrance to the '' Enterprise '' ride . lisa P. thanks . jame how 's you dad ? lisa P. slow go , but he 's hang in there . thanks . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 67 . 89 continued : 89 she insert a key into a control box and turn it . she start up the ride engine , which make some disturbing scraping , clanking sound . jame ( concerned ) this ride be safe , right ? lisa P. supposedly . I definitely would not fuck around on any of ‘em . last summer , some drunk idiot be goof around on the galaxy , try to kick he buddy . they find he reebok in the parking lot . with he foot in it . Pete o'malley saunter over , eat a breakfast slice of pizza . pete o'malley hey , Lisa . we be partner today . he give James a disinterested nod . pete o'malley so it 's official . my friend boomer 's hook I up with a job at the mercede dealership on jericho Turnpike . I be totally psyched . lisa P. ( unimpress ) uh-huh . pete o'malley I get a car right away . Way under list price , payment deduct from my check . I be gonna go for a 560 , convertible , in gold , with leather interior , all the option . I be even gonna get a compact disc player . gonna be insane . lisa P. to the max . pete o’malley so , hey , lise -- you wanna go see juda Priest at nassau coliseum ? my friend fitzy can get I floor seat . lisa P. that 's okay . take boomer . I do not mind . and go tell Bobby we need to hose down the dry puke over there . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 68 . 89 continued : ( 2 ) 89 pete o'malley you do not like Priest ? lisa P. I be busy that night . pete o'malley I do not tell you what night . lisa P. ( ignore he ) James , you and I should go out some night . James be speechless . so be pete. pete o'malley ( crack up ) I get it ! funny one ! psych !! lisa P. ( look at James ) just let I know . Pete -- dry puke . Pete give James a dirty look as he walk off . lisa P. I be serious . I would not mind hang out with a nice guy for a change . jame cool . that would be very cool . he turn and walk right into the pirate sign . he steady it , smile at Lisa P. and walk away . 90 ext . '' sky chopper '' ride , adventureland - a bit later 90 connell be attempt to repair the '' Sky chopper '' ride , hunch over the motor case . James stand beside he , lose in think . customer be start to trickle in . connell give I the needle - nose . James fish through a toolbox , hand over the plier . jame can I ask you something ? connell sure . jame Lisa P. just ask I if I want to go out with she some time - adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 69 . 90 continued : 90 connell ( incredulous ) Lisa p.? jame yeah . I know . she may have be try to piss off Pete o'malley , but ... ( beat ) +.. can you imagine any universe in which she would get with a guy like I ? connell do you own a corvette or , like , a publishing empire ? jame I be take that as a no . bobby ( 0.s. ) connell ! angle on Bobby , who man the nearby ride control . bobby let 's try again . connell I do not know . I think we should maybe wait until we can get monty down here - bobby I be gonna start it . connell back away from the motor . Bobby start the ride . the '' chopper '' gondolas be hoist into the air ... bobby see . it 's fine . would be dumb to shut this baby down . a solid ticket - seller . connell look at James . connell look , my attitude be you never know . she ask you out ? you be a fuck idiot if you do not at least go . she 's Lisa p . jame but it 's crazy . I do not have a shot . connell you never know . she 's a Catholic prude . you sensitive guy bullshit might help for a change . but do not be too nice . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 70 . 90 91 continued : ( 2 ) 90 jame but what about em ? connell what about she ? jame well , I ... I can not do that to she . connell she do not need to know . look , be you get all of you need meet by em ? jame uh. I guess not . connell right . you see a beautiful young thing , every cell in you body scream at you to go after she . that 's how we be wire . it 's stupid to deny it . jame but my feeling for em be ... vast . connell ( roll he eye ) good for you . but James . imagine it . Lisa P. jame right . Lisa P. suddenly a deafening screech , follow by the metallic thwack of a cable snap . a fiberglass gondola come crash to the ground just a few yard from they . various patron be freeze in they track , a child burst into tear . bobby it 's okay , folk ! ha ha ! ride 's close for repair ! go about you fun ! lot of other fun , everywhere you look ! hooray ! ext . snack bar , adventureland - morning 91 Joel , carry a few paperback , tentatively approach Sue as she eat a pretzel and french fry breakfast . '' ( I just ) die in you arm '' by cut Crew play . joel hey . sue o’malley Joel . hey . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 71 . 91 92 continued : 91 joel I bring you this . one of my favorite writer . gogol. Russian . lose he mind , burn the only copy of final book , nine day later die of self - starvation . a real fun guy . he laugh awkwardly as he hand she the book . sue o’malley oh . thanks . joel um , so , maybe you want to see a dumb movie or something , some time ? sue o'malley ( uneasily ) well , the thing be , I , uh ... I do something kinda stupid ? ( beat ) I tell my brother that we make out . joel oh . that 's ... bad ? do he want to ... hurt I ? sue o'malley no , no . but he , uh , he tell my parent . Joel do not follow . sue o'malley well ... we be Catholic . ( beat , spelling it out ) Pete tell my parent that you be jewish . joel but ... but I be a atheist . more of a pragmatic nihilist , I guess . a existential pagan , if you will - sue o'malley ( cut he off ) yeah , my parent be kinda really strict . I be sorry . Sue walk away , leave behind the gogol book . ext . '' enterprise '' ride , adventureland - day 92 Pete o'malley strap the last patron into a car , give Lisa P. a thumbs-up . she start the ride . reverse on James , watch , steeling himself . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 92 93 94 continued : jame ( to himself ) fortune favor the bold . James stride over to Lisa P. ... int . '' game palace '' arcade , adventureland - later James look highly anxious as he stand beside Joel , who 's master another video game . joel the mutant knight be particularly vulnerable to rear attack ... bam ! ha , child 's play ... jame okay , look , you can not tell anyone . I be go out with Lisa P. tonight . joel you be what ? jame this morning , she ask I if I want to hang out some night . Joel be dumbfounded . joel ( quietly ) fuuuck . jame look , nothing 's go to happen . but then again , you never know , right ? I mean , I have to try . it 's Lisa P. joel ( a little bitter ) I can not even get the time of day from Sue o'malley and you already have em ... wow . you be quite the swain . ext . parking lot , adventureland - late afternoon 72 . 92 93 94 James stand with frigo , wait for they ride . James look twitchy and impatient . jame where 's my mom ?! frigo what 's the rush ? you get a date with a jar of vaseline and a dildo ? adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 73. 94 continued : 94 jame funny . ( can not keep it to himself ) you can not tell anyone , frigo . but I do have a date tonight . with Lisa p . frigo yeah , and I can crap golden egg . jame Fine . do not believe I . frigo where be you go ? jame the Velvet touch . frigo ( still do not believe he ) eat my dick cheese , brennan . jame I enjoy we little talk . 95 int . manager' office & hallway . , adventureland - later 95 em be punch in . as she exit the office , she see Joel stack box down the hall . em hey . how do it go with Sue ? Joel look down , humiliate . 96 int / ext . snack bar , adventureland - later 96 em & Joel stand in the snack bar . she look outrage . joel do not ... do not say anything ! em fuck that ! joel c'mon . worse thing have happen to the Jews . em cross to the door , push it open , and march up to Sue o'malley , who sit at a outdoor table with friend . Joel hide behind the door , watch . em you know what ?! you do not deserve to date Joel ! adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 74 . 96 97 98 continued : 96 em ( cont would ) Cause you be a anti-semitic asshole ! what , do you hate gay people , too ? do you support apartheid ? Sue be speechless . she cough on she soda . em you be not my friend . em turn and exit . ext . wine & cheese bar , strip mall - night 97 a illuminate '' faux - classy '' sign over a storefront restaurant read : the velvet touch James , look like the staid college guy in a press button - down oxford , open the door for Lisa p . she 's in a low - cut halter top and skin-tight jeans . they be a mismatch . int . / ext . wine & cheese bar - later 98 various man and waiter be ogling Lisa P. as he nervously scan the menu . jame so , I , uh , would prefer if we do not tell a lot of people about tonight . there 's someone at the park who have a little thing for I , I would not want to make she feel bad . lisa P. you mean em ? jame uh. yeah . lisa P. so you guy be not go out ? jame no , just friend . ( faux cocky ) a little more than friend , but we be not a couple . lisa P. uh-huh . jame ( change the subject ) I see connell play a few week ago . he 's really talented . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 75 . 98 continued : 98 lisa P. that guy have some problem . jame what do you mean ? lisa P. last summer , he be have this thing with this girl who work in the snack bar . he use to take she to he mother 's basement , so they could have sex . his mother 's basement . how gross be that ? jame but he 's marry . lisa P. do not stop he from hit on I . jame i...wow ... just as James begin to ponder this disturbing information : male voice ( 0.s. ) yo , brennan ! James and Lisa P. turn around . frigo stand at the door . frigo ( mouth ) Holy shit ! lisa P. be that frigo ? jame what 's he do here ? James hurry over to frigo . frigo Holy shit ! Holy shit ! that 's Lisa p.! jame ( fake surprise ) what be you do here , frigo ?! frigo promise I you will suck that titty ! James grab frigo and usher he out the door adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 76 . 99 100 101 ext . wine & cheese bar , strip mall - continuous 99 jame what the fuck be you do here ? frigo I think you be full of crap ! jame get lose , frigo ! and you can not tell anyone about this ! frigo what 's it worth to you ? jame you be shaking I down ?! int . wine & cheese bar , strip mall — continuous 100 Lisa P. be still read the menu . behind she , we see James hand a twenty to frigo . as James put he wallet away , frigo punch he in the nut . James collapse out of sight . frigo run off . after a moment , James rise slowly into frame . he re-enter the restaurant , walk oddly . he force a smile as he sit re-join Lisa p . jame ( swallow the pain ) what a coincidence ! frigo be go to carvel and see we through the window . ( pick up the menu ) I wonder how the fondue be ? ext . northport harbor - night 101 James and Lisa P. stand on a pier . she 's lighting one of he paltry joint . jame after Columbia , who know . I want a job that take I place . I want to travel all over the country , all over the world , and write about it . we do not have to accept the world as it be , right ? for instance , Charles dicken write all about he travel and - lisa P. ( have not be listen ) would you rather have a sailboat or a speedboat ? adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 77 . 101 continued : 101 jame um. gee ... lisa P. sailboat be probably cooler . they be , like , more classic . but I bet speedboat be way more fun . I really want to join the oyster Bay yacht Club some day . that would rule . ( hand he the joint ) what be you say ? jame ah , just babbling ... 102 ext . suburban STREET near lisa p.' house - later 102 James , very high , be hunch over the wheel , drive slowly . lisa P. it 's a few house down . jame where ?! lisa P. ( glance at speedometer ) you will not miss it at seventeen mile - a - hour . she start digging through she purse . lisa P. I just need to , like , get normal before I go inside . I be gonna put on some perfume , cover the smell ... she accidentally knock she lipstick onto the floor by James 's foot . James reach down to get it . jame what the hell be this ? he hoist up a half - fill bottle of cutty sark whiskey . lisa P. that yours ? jame ( a little disturb ) no . I guess it 's my dad 's ... lisa P. here , pull over here . James pull over . Lisa P. apply some perfume . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 78 . 102 continued : 102 lisa P. can you smell the pot ? James lean over to sniff she . the combination of perfume and proximity to she overwhelm he . jame you smell ... amazing . lisa P. thanks for tonight . it be fun . jame ( almost surprised ) yeah . it be . she let out a stone laugh . James do , too . she bite she lower lip . he lean forward and kiss she . lisa P. hm. fondue . James reach up to she ample bosom . he undoe a few button and kiss she breast . lisa P. whoa , tiger . he back off . lisa P. I have a curfew . another time . she give he a tender kiss , then exit the car . 103 int . jame 's bedroom , brennan house - later 103 James lie in bed , stare at a photograph , he marijuana - alter mind racing . the photo -- a snapshot of em in she buzzcock t-shirt , wear a lopsided grin , look both tough and cute . jame ( sighing ) fuck . he get up and cross to a shelf that display a few scholastic achievement trophy . he unscrew the bottom of the biggest trophy . from a cavity in the base , he remove the baggie of joint . 104 int . '' game palace '' arcade - next day 104 James , clutching a brown paper bag , traverse the arcade , walk toward em , who play pinball . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 79 . 104 continued : 104 jame ( tentatively ) hey. em hey . jame I bring you something . em turn and look at he quizzically . he give she the paper bag . she open it and she peer in . em be that a couple of joint ? jame for pot cookie . em grin , surprised . she snatch the bag from he and hide it in she change apron . em tomorrow night . jame tomorrow night . he walk off . 105 ext . snack bar , adventureland - next day , dusk 105 '' shout at the Devil '' by motley crue be blast ... wide shot -- the park be aswarm with suburbanite . 106 ext . snack bar , adventureland - continuous 106 track by em , Joel and James , who nod and smile too much toward camera . reverse paulette be walk by . she fake - smile back at they . em ( the coast be clear ) okay . let 's do this . she produce the paper bag , remove three large chocolate chip cookie and distribute they . they each take a bite . joel walnut ? want to see I go into anaphylactic shock ?! adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 80 . 106 107 continued : 106 Joel pick out the walnut as he eat he cookie . em be you guy eat the whole thing ? jame ( confidently ) sure . pot hardly faze I . ext . '' kentucky derby '' game , adventureland - night 107 James be wildly , crazily stoned . he 's call a race for a group of small child who be completely inept -- nobody 's horse be make any progress . jame and red have a slight lead . yeah . uhhh ... and red still have a slight lead . look like blue be ... not move . look like nobody 's move . time be freeze ... like a prehistoric insect , suspend in amber ... he trail off . his eye wander around the vicinity ... slo -mo shot of various customer a mixture of face . laugh , bored , enchant , queasy ... the camera land on Bobby . stare at James . he lift the microphone quickly -- it fly out of he hand . jame ( retrieve the microphone ) and what a race we have here today , lady and gentleman ! hoo boy ! and ... nobody be in the lead ! in fact , what be so mind - blow about this particular race be how evenly match this competitor be . yellow be dead last . I do not think yellow have move once . this be a fall from grace for the this once - great stallion . in fact , yellow have inseminated over a thousand foal in he lifetime ... which might explain he exhaustion . ha ha ... James realize that Bobby be now right beside he . he jump . bobby what the hell be wrong with you ?! that 's how you call a race ?! adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 81 . 107 108 continued : 107 jame I have run out of thing to say . this kid can not get the horse to move . they be very uncoordinate . bobby ( suspicious ) have you be toke up ? jame what ? no. bobby ( sniff he ) hm . you sure ? you eye be red ... jame well , I , I feel kinda sick . I think I eat a bad corn dog . bobby between we -- never ever eat the corn dog . okay , I ’1ll put you somewhere else . ext . '' hat off to larry '' booth , adventureland - night 108 James giggle like a moron while he chase after a ball . overhead , Taco be '' puttin 's on the ritz '' . meanwhile , Joel and em be up front , deal with a large crowd of customer . James run up , deposit the softball in a barrel beside Joel , who now start crack up for no particular reason . male voice ( 0.s. ) yo ! I have be wait forever ! Joel turn to see a scary - look guy ( nicky ) , early 20 , who stand with he girlfriend and two '' guido '' pal . joel sorry , sir . here you go . Joel hand nicky some softball . nicky ( stare Joel down ) I want some free ball for waitin’ so long . joel ( comply ) the customer 's always right . ha. nicky toss a ball . he hit a dummy square on the head . the hat do not budge . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 82 . 108 continued : 108 nicky what ?! I hit that thing dead - on ! joel yet he still retain he chapeau - nicky this be bullshit ! that be a perfect throw ! nicky 's girlfriend nicky , that 's bullshit ... meanwhile , James scamper after loose ball . as he stand : woosh ! a softball whizze past he head . nicky hey , get out of the way , homo ! nicky 's pal # 1 hit ‘em , nicky ! nicky launch another pitch toward James . try to evade the throw , James run smack into one of the rotate '' larry '' . the fiberglass dummy snap off at its base -- James and the mannequin tumble to the ground . nicky and he friend howl with laughter . then nicky notice something odd -- the dummy be still wear a hat . nicky what the fuck ... nicky jump over the counter . joel whoa . okay , let 's pick you out a prize ! nicky cross to the break dummy and yank on the hat . it 's stick to the dummy 's head . nicky ( charge at Joel ) it 's glue on ! the thing be glue on ! joel ( wave at stuff animal ) what would you like ? a , uh , puffin ? a polar bear in lederhosen ? Joel wear a awkward , marijuana- induce smile . nicky grab he by the shirt . nicky what 's so fuck funny ?! adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 83 . 108 109 continued : ( 2 ) 108 em leave he alone ! the customer ( some of whom be drunk ) be angrily siding with nicky . a few even start throw they softball at James . he get bean by a few . Joel try to stop smile -- but he can not . nicky suddenly slam he fist into the side of Joel 's head , knock he glass off . Joel stumble backwards , hold he face . em rush at nicky . James follow she . em you asshole ! nicky back off , slut ! nicky shove she away . she lose she foot on the gravel and fall . jame est to nicky ( get in James 's face ) what be you gonna do about it , faggot ? James , much to he own surprise , roundhouse nicky in the groin . nicky crumple to the gravel . nicky 's pal jump over the counter . nicky 's pal # 1 grab he !! nicky 's pal # 2 you're fuckin 's dead ! James make a run for it . he hop over the counter and sprint away . nicky 's pal pursue he . ext . midway , adventureland - continuous 109 tracking fast with jame weaving through customer . running for he life . int . '' game palace '' arcade , adventureland - continuous 110 James barrel through the doorway . he glance back to see one of nicky 's pal gain on he . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 84 . 110 112 continued : 110 he look forward his way be block by a group of senior citizen . James hurdle over a railing . he land badly and stumble into munch , who fall down . quarter spill from he apron . child squeal as they rush for the coin . int . snack bar , adventureland - continuous 111 James dash into the snack bar . swish pan to nicky 's other buddy rush in through another door . James make a about - face and haul ass into the manager 's office . int . manager 's office , adventureland - night 112 James enter and slam the door behind he . Bobby jump , once again try to hide he can of beer . bobby what the hell ?! what be you do ?! jame people be try to kill I . James hold the door as nicky 's friend be kicking it . nicky 's pal # 1 ( 0.s. ) come out of there , fuck - face ! bobby ( sighing ) oh , Christ . Bobby pick up a aluminum baseball bat and open the door . a craze look in he eye as he wind up the bat like a baseball player . bobby get the fuck away from my office door , motherfucker ! give I a reason ! give I a reason ! you don ’t know what I ’m capable of !! adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 85 . 112 continued : 112 nicky 's pal be stunne . he back up a few step -- then hurry off . jame ( a little freak by Bobby ) uh ... thanks . bobby ( still a wide - eye psycho ) sure , buddy . 113 . ext . midway , adventureland - later that night 113 patron stream out as paulette announce over the loudspeaker that the park be close ... 114 ext . snack bar , adventureland - continuous 114 a group have assemble around James . munch I wish I coulda see you wail on he ! frigo do you hit he like this ?! frigo snap he fist toward James 's groin . James flinch . frigo psych ! as the other talk excitedly , em lean close to James . em come with I a second . she take he hand and lead he away . Joel stand slightly away from the other . he examine he eyeglass , which have be snap in two , while dabbing at a cut near he eye . he hold up one eyeglass lens and squint . he watch em and James slip off behind the arcade building ... 115 ext . lot behind arcade , adventureland - continuous 115 em and James enter a fence - in lot fill with amusement park debris -- break - down go -cart , rusted rocket ship pod , a sinister sun - bleach clown statue , etc . Lou reed 's romantic '' coney Island baby '' be play on the loudspeaker . the park light shut off , one - by-one ... em thanks for stick up for I , brennan . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 86 . 115 continued : 115 she move close to he , whisper in he ear . em I think you might be the coolest and cutest guy I have ever meet . she nuzzle up against he chest . em but then again , I be still incredibly high . he pull she close . em I can feel you ... jame how do this feel ? he 's touch she . em pretty ...good . he reach into she jeans ... em oh , yeah ... oh , God ...oh ... she lean into he neck ... em do not stop ... do not ... em start to breath in shallow , rhythmic burst ... in the near-darkness , we hear em have a orgasm ... the moan transform into quiet sob . jame be you ... be you okay ? we see a glint of light reflect off of the tear on em 's cheek . he hold she against he . em James ? jame yeah ? em I ... I do not want to lose you . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 87 . 115 continued : ( 2 ) 115 jame you will not . another set of park light shut off . James and em be no longer visible . all we see be the distant ferris wheel . fade to black . ext . remote - control boat , adventureland - next day 116 Joel sit on a bench , read Philip roth 's '' portnoy 's complaint '' . he wear really dorky eyeglass , a older pair to replace the one break in the fight . a body walk into frame block Joel 's view . Joel look up . it 's Sue o’ malley 's brother , Pete . he yank the book out of Joel 's hand and toss it into the boat pond . pete o'malley stay away from my sister . and we be not anti-semite . she just do not like you . he stare Joel down as he stalk away . pete o'malley I cry in '' yentl '' . ext . snack bar , adventureland - day 117 '' Fresh '' by Kool & the gang play above the throng of amusement - seeker . Bobby stand by the entrance to the snack bar , bob he head to the music . bobby ( get lyric wrong ) she 's my baby ...um , lady ... one that I really want to ... know ... I , um , I get to let my feeling grow ... show ... ( building , dance a little ) she 's fresh ! excite ! she 's so exciting to I ! she 's fresh ! ex...cit ...ing ... he trail off as paulette trudge by , push a handcart stack with freeze burger . she stop and glare at he . he meekly take the handcart from she and exit . he pass by James . bobby brennan . you want to pick up some more shift ? jame yeah , sure . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 88 . 117 continued : 117 bobby good . ' Cause Joel just quit . jame what ? ext . schiffman house - next day 118 James drive he mother 's car . he pull over and park in front of a smallish , drab-look house . CUT to -- James ringing the doorbell . after a moment , Joel come to the door . joel whoa . what be you do here ? jame you do not call I back . joel well , um , okay ... look , I can not abide the humiliation of have you see the inside of my house . the vile plastic slipcover , the ' art fair 's painting ... ( shudder ) meet I ' round back . Joel shut the door in James 's face . ext . joel 's backyard - moment later 119 Joel and James sit in lawn chair in the small backyard . Joel light he pipe . the oversize eyeglass , the pipe and he slump posture all add up to give Joel the appearance of a weary old man trap in a young man 's body . jame be it because of Sue ? I mean , she do not deserve you . you be a great guy - joel James . I be not good -look . and I be poor . with all this yuppy around , woman be not gonna go near a poor guy . jame that 's ridiculous . Joel grunt . he turn away , chew on he pipe . joel I know you think you be really deprive because you do not go to Europe this summer . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 89 . 119 120 continued : 119 joel ( cont would ) but you go to a better school than I , you do not have to pay rent to you parent , you be go off to Columbia fuck University . so , Margaret mead , you be stick with we low - life for one summer , but you get to leave . jame Joel , all I be try to say be that not all woman be shallow like that . em be not like that . joel em ! that ’s...fuck ... ( emotion overcome he ) I do not even know if you even appreciate what you have ?! I mean , you be chase after Lisa p .?! when em 's right there ! this incredible , beautiful person be right fuck there ! I mean , I can not watch it ... I can not be around it anymore ... even this small release of feel be excruciate to Joel . joel ( quietly ) that 's why I quit . I can not be around you two anymore . I feel like a... hypocrite . Joel look away . James finally get it -- Joel 's in love with em . jame ( cont 'd ) I ... I have no idea . joel because you be too ... fuck ... selfish . fuck this . fuck everything . Joel fling he pipe down on the ground , then walk to the house . the rickety screen door clatter behind he , leave James alone in the yard . int . '' game palace '' arcade , adventureland - day 120 em work the arcade . she see Sue o’ malley confer with a female CO - worker , watch she . Sue exit and the co-worker walk over to em . female CO - worker do you hear ? em hear what ? adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 90 . 120 121 122 continued : 120 female CO - worker James go on a date with Lisa P. em what do you say ? female CO - worker ( defiantly ) you hear I . frigo see they at some restaurant in northport . beat . em yeah , right , I be sure that happen . em turn and walk away , she look change to one of consternation . int . den , lewin house - night 121 em be lie on the couch , stare at the tv , which show the run-dmc video '' it 's tricky '' . from the other room , she can hear francy , who speak in a clipped , near- hysterical tone : francy ( 0.s . ) --- I can not take it ! and you just let she run rampant ! come in at all hour ! treating I with disrespect ! blatant disrespect ... em move slowly toward the doorway to hear better . francy ( 0.s. ) ..- and when she 's here , she just lie around on the couch all day ! you have to do something ! you never do anything ! I can not take it any more ...! mr . lewin ( 0.s. ) okay , okay ... maybe ... i... maybe she need to go see Dr. schlagel again ... francy ( 0.s. ) she have to do something ! something have to change ! or else ! int . em 's bedroom , lewin house - moment later 122 em pull open a dresser drawer . she remove a wig . unlike francy 's red fright wig , this one be straight and sandy blonde . em stuff it into she bag . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 91 . 122 123 124 continued : 122 we pan with em as she exit , end on a framed photo of a attractive woman in her thirtie . she look a bit like em and have sandy - color hair -- like the wig em just leave with . int . live room , lewin house - moment later 123 em come down the stair . she can hear francy still bitching about she : francy ( 0.s. ) you know she work at that trashy park just to embarrass we . do you have any idea what people think , ike ? ike ( 0.s. ) look , I try to give she money to travel this summer ... I can not force she out of the house ... francy ( 0.s. ) oh , yeah ? well , maybe you can . ike ( 0.s. ) francy ... em ( loudly ) hey , I be go out . gonna meet James for a late movie ... mr . lewin ( 0.s. ) oh. okay . drive carefully , sweetheart . em hurry out of the house . ext . bumper car - night 124 James , on break , drink a soda and watch the bumper car . frigo ( 0.s. ) brennan ! James turn to see frigo scamper across the midway with Rich , who be clutching a bag of candy . frigo brennan , you gotta hear this ! ( turn to Rich ) tell he what you tell I ! rich I eat too many circus peanut . frigo not that , retard ! the thing about em. adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 92 . 124 125 continued : 124 jame frigo ! wait , what thing about em ? rich I see em and connell . in he car . frigo yeah , and what do you tell I they be doin 's ? rich ( uneasy about the memory ) I do not know . connell be do push up on em . he do not have no pants . frigo they be doin 's it !! jame shut up . when , Rich ? rich it be a while ago ... like ... a while ago . frigo I bet she 's lube up connell 's boner right now . jame shut up , you idiot . rich here , James , I do not want any more . he hand James he bag of circus peanut . jame uh. thanks , Rich . ext . connell 's house - later 125 connell 's green duster pull into the driveway of connell 's smallish house . he step out of the car . em ( 0.s. ) hey . connell turn . he see em ( in wig and sunglass ) , sit in she car , park across the street . connell ( whisper ) what the fuck ?! ( hurry toward she ) be you crazy ?! adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 125 continued : 125 em I need to talk to you . connell you know you can not come here . em but I wear a disguise . connell go home . now . em where be you ? connell Christ , now I have two wife ! go home ! em ( burst into tear ) I can not do this anymore ! I can not ... I feel ... I hate myself ... fuck ... connell ( suddenly in caretaker mode ) okay , okay . look , my wife probably just hear I pull in . l let 's talk somewhere . I will make a excuse . Park over by my mom 's house and wait . okay ? em , stave off tear , nod . he hurry back toward he house as she start she car and drive away . 126 int . bedroom , lewin house - later 126 Mr. lewin be in bed , go over some legal brief , classical music play low . the phone ring . mr . lewin ( answer phone ) hello ? 127 int . office hallway , adventureland - continuous 127 intercut Mr. lewin and James , who stand in a hallway , frigo hover over he . jame hi , Mr. lewin , it 's James . be Emily there ? mr . lewin be not she with you ? she say she be go out to meet you . 93 . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 127 continued : jame oh . I think we get we wire cross ... James hang up . frigo what have he say ? push in on James , anxiety welling up in he . jame can you get you mother 's car ? 128 int . basement , connell 's mother 's house - night em sit on the couch , she wig and sunglass beside she . connell start to pour they two bourbon . em I do not want a drink . he shrug and combine the drink in one glass for himself . connell you know James go out with Lisa P. last week . em I hear . I can not exactly judge he now , can I ? connell cross to she and sit . connell you do know that it 's possible to be in love with two people at the same , do not you ? em ( piss off ) you think I think this be about love ? connell I do not know what word you have use . and I do not really care . I just know how you make I feel . em oh , yeah ? how do I make you feel ? connell alive . beat 94 . 127 128 adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 95 . 128 129 130 131 continued : 128 em ( quietly ) give I a fuck break . connell I do not want to give you up . but I will , if you tell I to . they look at each other for a long beat . he lean forward and kiss she . she surrender to it , melting into he arm as they kiss . dissolve to : ext . frigo 's house - later 129 James be hide behind a bush . frigo come hurry out of he house . frigo I get the key . push I out ... frigo hop into the car . James grunt as he push the massive car toward the street ... ext . street near connell 's mother 's house - later 130 frigo and James be drive . the cutlass pass by '' crazy benny 's liquor store '' . jame turn here . frigo turn onto a street . jame slow down . they pass by a line of car end on em 's pacer . ext . STREET by connell 's mother 's house - moment later 131 the car be park . James brood . frigo I get a aluminum bat in the trunk if you want to smash in she window ? jame let 's just wait . dissolve to : adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 96 . 132 ext . STREET by connell 's mother 's house - later 132 wide on the street . we hear a fence gate open and shutting . from beside the house , em emerge from the darkness . she cross to she car . jame ( 0.s. ) hey . em turn around . James be in the street . he look stricken . em James ? what be you do here ? beat . a unbearable silence . jame be you ...? connell ? she look away . em ( quietly ) it start back in June . before you and I even meet . how do you find I here ? jame frigo hear that connell use to take some other girl here . to he mother 's basement . another blow to em. jame ( incredulous ) I just do not understand how ... why you would ... I just do not understand ... em ( pain , pitiful ) I ... I come here to ... em stop herself . she feel she be beyond redemption . jame ( bitterly angry ) you just think I be some fuck pussy , someone to kill time with , while you be wait for connell . em i...no ... look , I be ... you deserve better than I , okay ? just do not tell anyone , okay ? please do not tell anyone ... for connell 's sake ... adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 97 . 132 133 134 continued : 132 jame you be worried about connell ? you think he 's worried about you ?! ( heartbroken ) I would have ... i... James be be devoure by the hurt . he turn and walk quickly to the cutlass . he get in . frigo revs the engine and peel out . em ( pitifully ) James ... he get in the car . frigo revs the engine and peel out . frigo ( honk as he pass em ) you be a whore ! em run to she car , get in . as she drive away , she see connell watch she from a bay window in he mother 's house . int . jame 's bedroom , brennan house - continuous 133 James be go through a box of he college notebook and papers . on he clock radio , we hear a concerned caller to a talk show : radio caller ( v.o . ) --.- I mean , think of how the country react to watergate . the outrage ... there just be not the same level with iran-contra ... he stop at one . close on the title : the birth of romanticism in Shakespeare 's '' Winter 's Tale '' ( and the tragicomedy ) James toss the paper into a garbage bag . ext . brennan house - continuous 134 James 's father sit in the live room , read the paper , sip a cocktail . radio caller ( v.o. , continued ) .-- which be arguably , y'know , a bigger betrayal . be there a shift in the country ? be we become more cynical ? be we become cold -heart ? out the bay window , we see James lug a overstuff garbage bag to the curb . he drop it into a garbage can . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 98 . 135 136 int . manager' office / hallway , adventureland - day 135 James be punch in with other employee . as he exit , he hear : voice ( whisper 0.c. ) James ! James turn . connell hide behind a stack of soda crate . connell I have to talk to you . connell exit out a back door . James follow . ext . lot behind arcade , adventureland - continuous 136 connell and James enter the lot . connell look agitate . connell I talk to em . I know you know ... ( beat ) look , I can not expect you to be happy about any of this . but will you hear I out ? James shrug . connell you be a smart guy . you know that it 's possible to love two people at the same time , right ? ( beat ) I love my wife . I really do . I do not want to hurt she . I fuck despise the idea of she get hurt . and I do not think she have to . beat . jame I will not tell anyone . connell thank you . jame what about frigo ? connell he will not tell anyone . I give he fifty buck . be we cool ? jame yeah . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 99 . 136 137 continued : 136 connell nod and hurry off . wide on James alone in the lot . dissolve to : ext . '' laughing clown '' booth , adventureland - night 137 '' one night in bangkok '' by Murray head be play . it 's a sweltering August night . a balloon pop . the win customer , a wealthy prepster , throw he arm in the air , surround by he buddy and they pretty girlfriend . wealthy prepster I win ! yeah ! I be the champion ! to the victor go the spoil ! James roll he eye , then give the guy he prize -- a worthless little banana - shape plush toy with two black dot glue on for eye . he wipe the sweat off he brow . wealthy prepster what ? this piece of crap be first prize ? what be this ? be it a banana ? jame ( not in the mood ) it 's a banana with eye . wealthy prepster fuck that . give I the bulldog . jame you have to win five time for the prize in that row . prepster 's girlfriend ( mock he ) you have to win five time for the prize in that row . jame good one . you really get I . wealthy prepster ( stare James down ) hey . I have watch my mouth if I be you , carnival boy . the prepster throw the banana at James and walk away , he friend chortling as they follow . close on James seethe , want to fight back . but he do not . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 100 . 138 ext . midway , adventureland - continuous 138 James be traversing the midway . the loud , bad pop music , the squealing youngster , the crushing heat -- it 's all deeply irritate to he . as James approach the '' hat off to Larry '' booth , he see em be work there . he change direction . 139 int . '' game palace '' arcade , adventureland - moment later 139 James pass by the race car video game -- Lisa P. sit in the cockpit . he lean in . jame hey . lisa P. what 's up ? James pause , try to manufacture some confidence . jame wanna hang out tonight ? 140 ext . beach parking lot - night 140 James and Lisa P. walk on the beach . James stop and look wistfully at the lifeguard stand where he and em have be a few week prior . he then turn to Lisa P. , hold up a crooked joint . jame this be my last one . I find it at the bottom of my wallet . lisa P. mint . Lisa take it and light up . lisa P. hey , so , hey ... so what do happen with you and em? jame ( unsure ) I can not ... I make a promise I would not talk about it . CUT to : 141 ext . patio , '' the riptide '' - night 141 away from the raucous frat boy type , James and Lisa P. be share a chaise . they be high and drunk . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 101 . 141 142 143 continued : 141 lisa P. ( in a astonished whisper ) no way ! em be sleep with connell ? like , do it ?! jame ( nodd ) can you believe it ? lisa P. whoa . I mean ... whoa . jame ( condescendingly ) you know ... I just feel sorry for they . I mean , have to sneak around , lie to everyone . it 's pathetic . lisa P. it 's , like , so pathetic ! he 's a marry man ... jame you can not tell anyone . ever . lisa P. of course . I would never . ext . midway , adventureland - late afternoon 142 em be arrive for she shift . as em pass a game booth , a few employee whisper something to each other ... ext . remote - control boat , midway , adventureland - night 143 em be make change for kid . munch stroll over . munch hey , em , what 's up ? em just loving life . munch you know , I , uh , play drum . em oh. I do not know that . munch I do this really killer drum solo at the senior talent show once . I do ' limelight 's by rush ? I sing , too ! he air-drum as he sing in a unpleasant falsetto : adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 102 . 143 144 145 146 continued : 143 munch live on a light stage , approach the unreal , for that who think and feel ... in touch with some reality , beyond the gild cage ! bidalah - bum , bidalah - bum - bum , tikka-tikka-pow -pow ! ( etc . ) ... he finally stop and grin at she . em stare at he , aghast . munch you like musician , right ? ( lean close ) do not put on a act . everyone know about you and connell . a look of true horror come over em . she push by he . em get the fuck away from I ! she run away . int . manager' office , adventureland - later 144 Bobby be do some paperwork . em enter , look pale and miserable . bobby em . what 's up ? ext . parking lot , adventureland - later 145 James ride with he mother . as they pull into the parking lot , he see em 's car speed out of the lot . her tire screech as she whip onto the street ... int . manager 's office , adventureland - day 146 James enter the office as paulette and Bobby be mid - conversation : paulette ( disbely ) she do not give a reason ?! bobby no . the summer 's almost over , what would make she quit now ? paulette it be probably you dance . she cross to the shift board . James punch in , linger . paulette they be drop like fly ... adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 103. 146 147 148 continued : 146 close on paulette crossing out every box with emas name . ext . midway , adventureland - soon after 147 James be walk past the carousel . connell ( 0.c. ) brennan ! James turn to see connell bear down on he . connell what do you tell Lisa p .?! jame connell , look , I ... connell what do you tell Lisa p .? do you tell she everything ? jame ( beat ) I think so . connell you think so ?! this be my life , James ! you be just fuck around for a summer !! ronnie 's come to the park tonight ! jame I be ... I be sorry . connell rub he forehead . he look up at James , he eye fill with worry -- and fear . connell I do not know ... if she ... I do not know what I would ... connell , at a complete loss , walk away . ext . love machine ride - later 148 James approach Lisa P. , who 's take ticket . Kelly be up on the ride platform , lock people into they seat . jame ( distress ) Lisa , I do not know what to say ... but everyone 's talk about em and connell . lisa P. Kelly have such a big f-ing mouth . ( softer , contritely ) I be sorry ' cause I give you my word . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 104 . 148 continued : 148 lisa P. ( cont would ) we be so waste that night . I can not hide nothing from kell . she move closer to James , put on a kittenish look . lisa P. be you mad at I ? jame it 's just ... connell 's freak out ... em quit ... lisa P. I feel bad about connell . I have a hard time feel sorry for em . James give she a quizzical look . lisa P. guy can not help themselves . jame but he 's the marry one . lisa P. yeah ! em 's a friggin’ homewrecker ! James be amaze at this attitude . jame but he be cheating on he wife . lisa P. I can not believe you be defend she ! jame Cause , what ? guy can be shitty , but woman can not ? lisa P. ( " you be a freak '' look ) whoa . Lisa P. shake she head as she turn and walk over to Kelly , who 's be watch from the ride control . a new song come over the loudspeaker '' rock I amadeus '' ( of course ) . Lisa P. and Kelly squeal and begin to dance together . lisa P. & kelly ( sing along ) amadeus , amadeus ... amadeus ! amadeus , amadeus ... amadeus ! oh oh oh , amadeus !!! adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 105 . 148 149 150 151 continued : ( 2 ) 148 James watch they for a beat . he turn and walk away . ext . '' shoot out the STAR '' game - that night 149 as James collect ticket from some kid , he notice a couple walk up the midway . it 's connell and he wife . ronnie carry they son . closer on they she 's animated and upbeat , do all the talk . as she focus on the baby , connell and James make momentary eye contact . we see how he 's try to hide he anxiety . ronnie take mikey . I gotta pee . ronnie hand connell the baby , then kiss he . as she exit , he breathes a sigh of relief . int . lady room , adventureland - night 150 ronnie enter a stall and close the door . she sit down on the toilet . written on the stall door em lewin fucked conell underneath , someone else have write fuckin slut ! ronnie stare at the graffiti . she know it must be true . int . kitchen , brennan house - night 151 as they eat dinner , James 's parent watch a small black and white tv news report on the continue Iran -contra hearing . jame hey , dad , can I borrow the car tonight ? go to see a movie with Joel . mr . brennan ( look at tv ) sure . do you think he know they be do all that ? Reagan be on the tv screen . mrs . brennan they should leave ronnie alone . as if he job be not hard enough . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 106 . 152 153 154 155 156 ext . suburban street - night 152 James drive . on the radio -- some rock deejay 's moronic patter . James snap it off . ext . danny 's bar - night 153 James pull into the parking lot . the sign read : T morr w! aero ith tribu BA D boy in th attic int . danny 's bar - night 154 James drop quarter into the jukebox and choose a song . Neil Young 's feedback - heavy '' hey , hey , my , my ( into the Black ) '' start to play . James sit at the bar and knock back the last gulp of a bourbon - on - the-rock . jame ( motion to the bartender ) another , please . ext . road near beach - night 155 em 's pacer be pull off the road . em stare out at the water , zombie-like . int . foyer / live room , lewin house - night 156 em enter the house . as she pass the live room , a few extra face turn toward she . her dad and francy be entertaining two other couple . francy Emily . you know the waldstein and the ostrow . em nod slightly . she walk over to the sideboard and pour herself a scotch . francy give Mr. lewin a incense look . mrs . ostrow ( to fill the awkward moment ) oh , francy , I love the new piece . the lamp ! and that wonderful sideboard in the foyer ! francy I can not believe you notice ! em oh , really ? I think the house be a lot nicer the way my mom use to have it . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 107 . 156 continued : 156 em ( cont would ) this ? ( indicate the decor ) pretty barfarific , if you ask I . stun silence . mr . lewin Emily , you can not say thing like that . em ( tremble ) that 's right . I can not say what I be think and feel every fuck day ! tear rush to she eye , she hurry out . 157 int . kitchen , lewin house / connell 's house - continuous 157 em enter , a irate francy dogging she step . em turn around . em do yourself a favor and leave I alone . francy halt , tongue-ty . em sip she scotch . em you have no domain over I . francy ( explode ) who the fuck do you think you be ?! you think you can talk to I like that ?! ike !... it 's ... ike ! gimme that - neil young 's '' hey , hey , my , my '' fade back in , underscore francy and em scuffling . francy grab em 's drink . francy no-no- no !! you will do what I - em suddenly reach up and yank on francy 's wig . francy shriek . em make a getaway with the wig in she hand . 158 int . stairway , lewin house - continuous 158 em sprint up the stair . francy ( 0.s. ) ( lose it ) aaaaagh !!! iiiiike ! 159 int . em 's bedroom , lewin house - continuous 159 em enter and lock the door . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 108. 159 160 161 continued : 159 mr . lewin ( 0.s. ) em. open that door ! em pause for a split second ... mr . lewin ( 0.s. ) francy ( 0.s. ) em , I be not kid . this be .-.- I be go to kill you , you unacceptable ! em , open the little fucking bitch !!! door ! em toss the wig out she open window . it sail into the pool . ext . danny's bar - later 160 the Neil Young song continue over the action as James stumble out of the bar and toward he dad 's car . ext . suburban street - later 161 James 's father 's Reliant come over a hill . it 's raining hard . as he wind through suburban neighborhood , James reach under the seat and pull out he father 's hide cutty sark bottle . he gulp from it . tear sting he eye . the car speed up . rattle loudly over some bump . the glowing raindrop fly toward the headlight . music : neil young attack he guitar -- the note thunder and shriek as he wrench they from the coiled string ... James take a corner too fast . the car begin to skid . he slam on the brake and the car go into a spin . it careen onto a lawn , clump of dirt and grass fly in its wake . the car bumpily slide to a halt . no sound but rain thudding on the car roof . it take James a moment to ascertain that he have not hit anything , that he 's okay . he laugh bitterly . he slowly drive off the lawn . he roll past a few house and pull into he driveway . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 109 . 162 163 ext . brennan house - day 162 we be look up at Mrs. brennan , who 's rapping on a window . mrs . brennan rise and shine . reverse on James , jolted awake . he have pass out in the front seat of the car . it 's morning . mrs . brennan get out of the car . James open the car door . he vomit on the driveway . mrs . brennan Jesus . James step out of the car , look miserable . mrs . brennan come here . Mrs. brennan lead James around to the other side of the car . he be surprised to see Mrs. frigo stand there , a scowl on she face . Mrs. brennan point down -- there be large scrape from the bumper to door . and a sizeable shrub be jammed into the car 's wheel well . mrs . brennan Care to explain how Mrs. frigo 's hydrangea get here ? int . kitchen , brennan house - later 163 James sit at the kitchen table across from he parent . mrs . brennan so explain this , mister ? Mrs. brennan put the bottle of cutty sark on the table . James look at he father . jame that 's ...not ... mine . mrs . brennan ha ! do not give I that ! Mr. brennan be freeze . James sigh -- he 's not go to let the cat out of the bag . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 110 . 163 164 continued : 163 mrs . brennan ( cont ’d ) what be wrong with you ?! the drink , that cigarette you claim be not marijuana . you be act like a juvenile delinquent . I think it 's that adventureland . you be quit that job . jame ( quietly ) I never want to go there again . mrs . brennan how much have you save up ? jame one thousand , three hundred and twenty - two dollar . give or take . mrs . brennan well , that might cover the damage . you be pay for gloria 's shrub , too . jame but ... that 's my rent money . for New York City . like , three month rent and the security deposit . mrs . brennan not anymore . James look inconsolable . his father see a escape open . mr . brennan I better check on that sprinkler ! he hurry out of the room . ext . brennan house - day 164 another stifling , humid day . James be mow the lawn , drench with sweat , look more despondent than ever . Mr. brennan come to the front door . mr . brennan James ! you have a call ! James turn off the lawn mower mr . brennan it 's that girl . Emily . as James enter , Mr. brennan give he a sheepish look . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 111 . 165 166 167 int . kitchen , brennan house - continuous 165 Mrs. brennan look up from she library book as James enter . he cross to the phone receiver , which lie on a counter . he stare at it , deliberate . James take the receiver and hang it up . mrs . brennan good . she 's a troubled young lady . James look at she quizzically . mrs . brennan Mrs. frigo tell I about she and the married man . you do not need a girl like that in you life . James take this in . dissolve to : int . manhattan - bound long island rail road train 166 James ride the train , listen to he walkman . he wear a oxford shirt , press black pants and dress shoe . int . harvard club , manhattan - day 167 as James enter the ivy League alumnus club , Eric jump up from a armchair . his hair be short , he wear a finely tailore suit . eric ( hugging James ) James ! sit , sit . jame how the hell be you ? eric ( to waiter ) two glenlivets , neat , please . ( to James ) I be fine . thoroughly fine . so you have a job interview ? jame it 's a training session , really . I would work on a trial basis . legal proofreading . eric ( do not give a shit ) huh. adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 112 . 167 continued : 167 jame tell I about Europe . eric this trip change I , brennan . jame really ? the waiter arrive with they scotch . Eric take a sip of he , pause dramatically . eric it be revelatory . there I be , go from one incredible city to the next ... the ruin , the cathedral , the endless procession of art treasure ... and I realize something . ( beat ) screw the old world . I want the new world . and I want it now . right now . jame what ? what do you mean ? eric I see myself , five , six year from now , still dick around , try to ' find myself 's . but this be the year we can not waste , brennan . we be young , we be vital . now 's my moment and I be take it . jame yes . absolutely . eric I be go to Harvard Business . jame you , what ...? you be apply ? eric I be in . string be pull , wheel grease , destiny 's be set in motion . jame I be ... I be surprised . eric James , forget about the naive , utopian crap we use to talk about . the world have change . it 's winner - take -all . the great mind , the great artist of we time be the entrepreneur . Society 's they canvas . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 113 . 167 168 continued : ( 2 ) 167 eric ( cont would ) ( lean closer ) you be a smart guy , brennan . if you remain passive , just bumble along like you always do , you will be on the sideline . you 's 1ll just be comment on the people who be do . Eric fix a serious look on James for a beat -- then sit back and sip he scotch . James be dumbstruck . eric so , do you finally get laid this summer or what ? int . law office , manhattan - later 168 pan across row of cubicle , where people be hunch over document and computer . we end on a cubicle where James sit with a late 20 , out - of - shape , tire - looking guy . he 's show James some legal document . tire - looking guy if you have half a brain , the job 's easy . unbearably , soul -crushingly dull . but easy . jame how 's the night shift ? i’1l have class during the day . tire -looking guy the night shift be fuck awful . it 's a fuck stake through you brain . but after one a.m. pay double-time . jame double-time ? tire -looking guy why else would I do it ? okay ... ( sorting some papers ) fuck ... it 's amazing how many of this fuck ivy League grad can not write a single coherent sentence . I read this stuff -- it 's like what a lunatic might write on a asylum wall with he turd . James laugh . tire - looking guy you sure you want this job ? jame fuck it . sure . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 114 . 168 continued : 168 tire - looking guy okay . fuck it . let 's get start . 169 ext . suburban boulevard 169 Mr. brennan drive James home , swing music on the radio . mr . brennan overnight shift ? jame it pay double- time . mr . brennan you mother 's not go to like that . beat . James turn to he father . jame do you have a problem with it ? mr . brennan ( non-committal ) me? I ... I might . I do not ... we will talk about it at home . his father turn up the radio . James turn the radio down . jame I be take the job , dad . I have make my decision . mr . brennan but you mother ... jame she 'il live . James 's father look over at he son , surprised . mr. brennan ( warmly ) okay , kiddo . jame I need to stop by the park . I have to get my last paycheck . James turn the music back up . 170 ext . midway , adventureland - day 170 junior 's '' mama use to say '' play as James walk through the park , avoid eye contact with anyone . as he turn a corner , he overhear a familiar voice : adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 115 . 170 continued : 170 connell ( 0.s. ) -.- it be a little club . in Manhattan , in the Village ... James come around a game booth to find connell stand in front of a kiddie ride . he have the rapt attention of three young woman , 18 - 19 year old . connell ... the show be always wild , people party like crazy , we have jam ' till five in the morning . so , one of this night , halfway through we last set , I be notice that everyone in the place keep turn around , look at this guy who just come in . he 's stand in the back with a couple of buddy . then I realize it 's fuck Neil Young . prettiest girl Holy shit . connell I know he be play the Garden the next night . so Neil give I a little friendly musician nod . we finish we song and some guy from they group come up to I and ask , be it okay if Neil sit in for a few ? prettiest girl ( all she can say ) --- Holy shit ! Holy shit !... connell so Neil come up on the stage . we shake hand . just say hello and shit . put on a guitar . and we do a whole fuck set of he song . we do ' Southern man’ ...‘ cinnamon girl 's ... 'o my my , hey hey 's ... ' corvette killer 's ...‘ like a Hurricane 's ... girl ( simultaneously ) --.- oh my God !... what a pisser !... Holy shit !... connell grin . then he notice James stand nearby . connell ( to jame ) hey , I want to talk to you . ( to the girl ) lady , hold on a sec . connell cross to James . he lower he voice . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 116 . 170 continued : ( 2 ) 170 connell you be fuck lucky . the whole thing 's blow over . ronnie 's calm down . mostly . jame well . I be glad ... how 's em ? do you know if she 's okay ? connell em ? she 's young and pretty , she come from money . I think she 'il be okay . beat . James get a agitate look . jame it 's cortez the killer . connell what ? jame it 's not ' corvette killer 's . the Neil Young song be ' cortez the killer 's . cortez . he be a Spanish conqueror . overthrew the aztecs . connell look tongue-ty . James turn and walk away , pass by Bobby , who be sing along with the music : suddenly bobby ( mangle the lyric ) mama use to say , take you tie off , man ! mama use to say , do not you brush to get gold ! mama use to say - ( see James ) hey , brennan ! jame hi , Bobby . how be you ? bobby ah , you know , it 's Labor Day weekend . the season 's almost over ... ( really get wistful ) I always get kinda sad , y’know ? I guess there 's always gonna be that part of I that think of summer as this magical time , you know what I mean ? anyway , you be a good kid , brennan . I hope it all work - a fair amount vomit come pour down on Bobby . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 117 . 170 171 continued : ( 3 ) 170 bobby you have get to be shitting I . Bobby look up at the '' Sky chopper '' gondolas overhead . bobby which one of you little shit ...! ( hurry off ) this fuck place ! what kind of fuck life be this ...fuck...mother ...goddamn ... ext . boulevard near adventureland - a bit later 171 Mr. brennan 's car roll up to a traffic light and stop . James be look out the window . on the corner a rusty old dodge dart have just pull over . and Joel be get out of it , look furtive , not want to be associate with he father and he batter car . jame ( to Mr. brennan ) um. wait for I at the corner . James hop out of the car . the dart sputter away as Joel start walk . jame ( jogging across the street ) hey ! Joel ! Joel turn around . he 's wear he '' game '' shirt . joel oh. hey . jame you be back . joel yeah . Cash flow problem . ( beat ) I hear about all the shit that go down . sorry . jame fucked up my dad 's car . lose every cent I make this summer . joel well . we be both loser then . I better go , I be late ... adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 118 . 171 172 173 continued : 171 jame okay . ( start away then turn back ) hey . you should come to the city . to hang out . joel oh. okay . jame I be serious . if you do not come , I 'il come out here and drag you out of this place . Joel smile . joel hopefully will not come to that . I '’11 call you tomorrow . jame sound good . Joel nod , then head down the sidewalk , toward the park . int . backyard , brennan house - later , early evening 172 James stand in he backyard , take in the evening . a piercing whistle echoe from a field behind he house . James see a few bottle rocket shoot into the sky . he climb over the fence and head toward the group of young man shoot the firework . frigo run toward James : frigo brennan ! we steal a case of schlitz from Zeblisky 's garage !! ext . field behind brennan house - almost night 173 frigo run around with a roman candle , point it like a rifle , as it shoot fireballs . a empty schlitz can be toss into a pile of can . James , sit under a tree , open another beer . he lie on the ground , stare up . he watch a errant bottle rocket ricochet into the branch above he head . we move in close on he pensive face . jame 's memory . there be no SOUND . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 119 . 173 continued : 173 we 're watching em , from James 's p.o.v. , as she ride the roller coaster at adventureland . she 's feign boredom as the ride swoops and dip recklessly behind she . more quick cut of other image of em : - at Danny 's bar , give the camera a devilish look as she throw back a shot of bourbon - a moment at a game booth , where em turn away from a irritate customer and shoot we a '' save I from this hell '' look - look at James , sit on the hood of she car , at the beach at night , she eye fill with sadness and fear - driving in she car , at dusk , sing along with the radio - in she pool , at night , stare at we jamess daydreaming be break by frigo , who stand over he : frigo do not fall asleep , brennan . jame why ? frigo Cause I will jack off on you face . frigo giggle like a lunatic . jame what on earth be wrong with you ? James stand up . he 's come to a decision : jame look , can you get you mom 's car again ? right now ? i’11l give you twenty buck . frigo thirty . jame Fine . frigo forty . James shake he head . he get out he wallet , remove two twenty and hand they over . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 120 . 173 174 175 continued : ( 2 ) 173 as frigo go to pocket the cash , James slug he in the private . frigo collapse onto the grass . jame ( as he walk off ) even. ext . frigo 's house - night 174 once again , frigo be behind the wheel of he mother 's cutlass as James push the car out of the driveway . ext . suburban STREET / lewin house - later 175 the cutlass rumble down a street . as they approach em 's house , they see that there be a few car in the driveway and several more park on the street . jame huh . frigo stop the car . frigo I 'il wait for you . jame no , do not . beat . frigo look sympathetically at James . frigo hope it work out . jame ( surprised & a little touch ) thanks , frigo . James , surprised and a little touch by frigo , get out of the car and cross toward the front door . he ring the bell . he turn back toward frigo . he 's not in the car -- instead , he 's over on the side of em 's lawn , urinate on a tree . frigo I can not hold it ! James hear the door open and turn back . em stand there . behind she we can hear a adult cocktail party in progress . em stare at James , tongue-ty . jame hey , I want to talk to you . my timing suck as usual . adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 121. 175 176 177 continued : 175 em um. come in . hurry . she usher he inside . int . foyer / stair , lewin house - continuous 176 em lead James past the live room , where oblivious adult be cluster , talk loudly . they hurry up the stair . int . em 's bedroom , lewin house - continuous 177 James enter the room . em follow , shutting the door . they look at each other for a awkward beat . em this be pretty weird . jame yeah . ( beat ) look . I be here to apologize . first of all , I be sorry I hang up on you that day . worse , it 's my fault everyone find out about you and connell . I tell Lisa P. and ... while you and I be see each other ... I go on a date with Lisa P. nothing really happen . we kiss a little . but I ... I do not know ... I feel bad about that . em I hear you guy go out . jame you do ? you never say anything . em ( look down ) what could I say ? ( beat ) I be sorry if I hurt you . I ... I do not know what 's wrong with I . beat . jame the only thing wrong be that you need to find someone you can trust . she look up at he for a long beat . em be you nominate yourself ? adventureland ( revise 8/5/07 ) 122. 177 178 continued : 177 jame as long as you do not mind trust a guy who clearly do not have a fuck clue about anything . em move to James . she pull he shirt off . he lean forward and kiss she . without abandon she lip , he slide off she t-shirt . they kick off they shoe , pull off sock , then help each other out of they pants . em take off she bra . they both slide off they underwear . they stand face each other , naked . they eye be nervous and search . James caress she cheek and smile . em laugh , blink away a few tear . we hold on they for a long moment . ext . midway , adventureland - dusk 178 it 's right after sunup . nobody be here yet . in separate shot , the camera pull back from these thing : the empty midway ; a rusty cotton candy vend cart ; the snack bar menu sign that have not change for year and be miss letter ; the dark and silent video arcade ; the '' bimbo the clown '' machine , with a '' out of order '' sign ; the moronically grin '' hat off to Larry '' mannequin ; rack of stuff '' bananas with eye '' ; empty chopper ride gondolas , creak and sway ... we end on a shot that crane into the AIR , show a wide view of the shabby little park . a desolate wind blow through adventureland . another summer 's almost over . end credit over '' ever fall in Love '' by the buzzcock .