ghostbuster ii by harold ramis and Dan aykroyd September 29 , 1988 last revise feburary 27 , 1989 ext . manhattan island - day a high aerial shot of the island feature the statue of Liberty prominently in the foreground then travel across the harbor , over the battery and lower Manhattan to greenwich Village . ext . east 77th STREET - day a car be be hoist up by a municipal tow truck while its owner be have a terrible scream arguement with a parking enforcement officer . dana barrett come home push a baby buggy , struggle with two full bag of grocery , and try to dig she key out of she purse . the building superintendent frank , see she struggle but pretend not to notice . dana ( exasperate ) Frank , do you think you could give I a hand with this bag ? frank I be not a doorman , miss Barrett . I be a building superintendent . dana you be also a human be , Frank . frank ( reluctantly go to help ) okay , okay . it 's not my job , but what the hell . I will do you a favor . he take the grocery bag from she . dana ( set the wheel brake on the buggy ) thank you , Frank . I will get the hang of this eventually . she continue digging in she purse while Frank lean over the buggy and make funny face at the baby , oscar , a very cute nine - month old boy . frank ( to the baby ) hiya , oscar . what do you say , slugger ? frank ( to dana ) that 's a good-look kid you get there , Ms. Barrett . dana ( find she key ) thank you , Frank . oh , be you ever go to fix the radiator in my bedroom ? I ask you last week . frank do not I do it ? baby buggy it start to vibrate as if shake by a unseen hand . ext . east 77th STREET - baby - day he gurgle with delight at the movement . ext . east 77th STREET - dana and frank - day neither of they notice the movement of the carriage . dana no , you do not , Frank . frank okay , that 's no problem . dana that 's exactly what you say last week . buggy wheel the brake unlock themselves . dana she reach for the handlebar of the buggy , but the buggy roll forward just out of she reach and stop . surprise by the movement , she reach for the handlebar again , but this time the buggy roll away even further . alarm now , dana hurry after it , but the buggy keep roll down the street at ever increase speed . sidewalk dana chase the buggy down the street , shouting to pass pedestrian for help , but every time someone reach out to stop it , the buggy swerve and continue uncheck . intersection Cars , truck , and bus speed by in both direction as the buggy race toward the corner . dana she put she head down and sprint after the buggy like a olympian . ext . east 77th STREET - intersection - day a city bus be on a collision course with the speed baby buggy . buggy it careen toward the corner . ext . east 77th STREET - baby - day its eye be wide open with excitement . ext . east 77th STREET - intersection - day Bus and buggy be close fast as the buggy bounce over the curb and into the crosswalk . bus the bus driver react in helpless horror as he see the buggy enter the intersection at high speed . buggy it come to a dead stop right in the middle of the street . the bus continue miss the buggy by inch . intersection Cars and truck swerve and hit they brake as dana run into the intersection and snatch up the baby . she hug it close , deeply relieved , then look at the buggy with the dawn awareness that the supernatural have re-enter she life . CUT to : ext . upper west side - new york CITY STREET - ghostbuster logo - day theme music kick in strongly as we see the familiar " no ghost " symbol and pull back to reveal that it 's paint on the side of ecto - 1 , the ghostbuster ' emergency vehicle , which be speed up Broadway on the Upper West side . ray stantz be drive and winston zeddemore be riding shotgun . ext . west 77th STREET - day ( moment later ) the ectomobile pull up in front of a carefully - restore brownstone . stantz and Winston , wear they official ghostbuster uniform , jump out of the old ambulance , shoulder they proton pack and enter the house . int . brownstone - day ( continuous action ) a woman greet they and lead they through the expensively - furnish house . stantz ( all business ) how many of they be there , mar 'am ? woman fourteen . they be in the back . I hope you can handle they . it 's be like a nightmare . winston how big be they ? she hold she hand out indicate about four foot . winston ( resolute ) we will do we best , mar 'am . woman they be right out here . she lead they to a set of french door that open into another room . stantz and Winston pause to make final adjustment to they equipment . stantz ready ? winston I be ready . stantz then let 's do it . he push through the french door and they step into the room . int . brownstone - day ( continuous action ) they be immediately attack by fourteen or fifteen scream kide between the age of seven and ten . kide ( disappointed ) ghostbuster !! boooo !! tables be set with party favor , ice cream and birthday cake and the room be strewn with discard toy and game . a couple of weary parent sink onto lawn chair as stantz and Winston take over the party . winston ( try he best ) how you doin ' , kid ? little boy ( nasty ) I though we be have he - man . stantz he - man could not make it today . that 's why we be here . boy my dad say you be full of crap . stantz ( stop cold ) well , a lot of people have trouble believe in the paranormal . boy no , he just say you be full of crap and that 's why you go out of business . he kick stantz in the leg . stantz grab he by the shirtfront . stantz ( low and menace ) I be watch you . ( to Winston ) song . Winston switch on a tiny tape recorder which start playing the ghostbuster theme song . stantz and winston start sing stantz and winston ' there 's something wrong in the neighborhood . who you gonna call ? ' kide ( all together ) he - man !! CUT to : ext . west 77th STREET - day ( later ) stantz and Winston wearily load they equipment into the ectomobile . winston that 's it , Ray . I have have it . no more party . I be tired of take abuse from over - privileged nine - year-old . stantz come on , Winston . we can not quit now . the holiday be come up . it 's we best season . they get in the car int . ecto - 1 - day ( continuous action ) stantz try to start the car , but the engine will not turn over . winston give it up , Ray . you be live in the past . ghostbuster do not exist anymore . in a year this kid will not even remember who we be . stantz ( try to start the car again ) ungrateful little yuppie larvae . after all we do for this city . winston yeah , what do we do , Ray ? the last real job we have we bubble up a hundred foot marshmallow man and blow the top three floor off a uptown highrise . stantz yeah , but what a ride . you can not make a hamburger without chopping up a cow . he turn the key again , the enging turn over , then start grinding and clunking disastrously , chew up vital part and drop twisted bit of metal onto the pavement . finally , with a blast of black sooty exhaust from the tailpipe , ecto - 1 shudder and die . frustrate , stantz bang he head lightly on the steering wheel CUT to : int . wkrr - tv studio reception area - day ( later ) a bank of monitor in the lobby show the program now run on wkrr , Channel 10 in New York . we push in on one of the monitor as a title card and logo come up accompany by some eerie synthesizer music , and we return to the show in progress : " World of the psychic with Dr. Peter venkman . " there be a video dissolve to a standard talk show set and sit there be we host peter venkman , the renowned and somewhat infamous ex - ghostbuster . venkman he turn to camera and talk to he viewer in a suavely engage tone , understate and intimate . venkman hi , welcome back to the ' World of the psychic , ' I be Peter venkman and I be chat with my guest , author , lecturer and of course , psychic , milton anglund . ( to he guest ) milt , you new book be call the end of the World . be not that kind of like write about gum disease . yes , it could happen , but do you think anybody want to read a book about it ? milton well , I think it 's important for people to know that the world be in danger . venkman okay , so can you tell we when it 's go to happen or do we have to buy the book ? milton I predict that the world will end at the stroke of midnight on New Year 's Eve . venkman this year ? that 's cut it a little close , be not it ? I mean , just from a sale point of view , the book just come out , right ? so you be not even look at the paperback release for maybe a year . and it 's go to be at least another year after that if the thing have movie - of - the-week or mini-sery potential . you would have be better off predict 1992 or even ' 94 just to be safe . milton ( irritate ) this be not just some money - make scheme ! I do not just make up the date . I have a strong psychic belief that the world will end on New Year 's Eve . venkman ( placate ) well , for you sake , I hope you be right . but I think my other guest may disagree with you . Elaine , you have another date in mind ? the camera reveal elaine , a attractive , aggressive New Jersey housewife , sit on the other side of venkman . elaine accord to my source , the world will end on February 14 , in the year 2016 . venkman Valentine 's Day . that 's get to be a bummer . where do you get that date , Elaine ? elaine I receive this information from a alien . I be at the Paramus holiday Inn , I be have a drink in the bar when he approach I and start talk . then he must have use some sort of ray or a mind control device because he make I follow he to he room and that 's where he tell I about the end of the world . venkman you alien have a room in the holiday Inn ? elaine it may have be a room on the spacecraft make up to look like a room in the holiday Inn . I can not be sure , Peter . venkman ( humoring she ) no , you can not , and I think that 's the whole problem with alien ; you just can not trust they . you may get some nice one occasionally like starman or E.T. , but most of they turn out to be some kind of lizard . anyway , we be just about out of time . ( do he wrap - up right to the camera ) next week on ' World of the psychic , ' hairless pet . ( hold up a hairless cat ) until then , this be Peter venkman say ... ( put a finger to he temple and send out a though to he viewer ) ... good night . CUT to : int . tv studio - corridor - day ( later ) venkman come out of the studio squabbling with he producer , norman , a well - meaning young incompetent . venkman where do you find this people ? I think we be have the telekinetic guy who bend the spoon ? norman a lot of the better psychics will not come on the show . they think you be too skeptical . venkman skeptical ! norman , I be a pushover . I think professional wrestle be real . there be a small commotion down the hall as two plainclothes cop come out of the next studio follow by a group of mayoral assistant . venkman ( to norman ) what 's all this ? norman they just interview the mayor on ' cityline . ' venkman the Mayor ! he 's a friend of mine . venkman start down the hall as the mayor and he principal aide , jack hardemeyer , come walk out of the studio . venkman ( call to the Mayor ) lenny ! the Mayor see venkman , blanch and hurry off , pretend not to know he . venkman ( start to follow he ) lenny ! it 's Pete venkman ! the plainclothesmen cut venkman off and hardemeyer put a heavy hand against venkman 's chest . hardemeyer ( snide ) can I help you ? venkman ( dangerous ) yeah , you can get you hand off my chest . hardemeyer smile and drop he hand . hardemeyer I be Jack hardemeyer . I be the mayor 's assistant . what can I do for you ? venkman I be a old friend of the mayor 's . I just want to say hello to he . hardemeyer ( scornful ) I know who you be , Doctor venkman . bust any ghost lately ? venkman no , that 's what I want to talk to the mayor about . we do a little job for the city a while back and we end up get sue , screw and tattooe by deskworm like you . hardemeyer ( bristle ) look , you stay away from the mayor . next fall , barring a disaster , he 's go to be elect governor of this state and the last thing we need be for he to be associate with two - bit fraud and publicity hound like you and you friend . you read I ? hardemeyer walk off with the two cop . venkman okay , I get it . but I want you to tell lenny that , because of you , I be not voting for he . CUT to : ext . manhattan museum of art - day the broad front step of the museum be crowded with tourist and visitor . dana arrive carry a portfolio and artist 's tackle box and enter the museum . int . museum - restoration studio - day ( later ) we be full -frame on a larger - than -life , full - figure portrait of vigo the carpathian , a dement and sadistic 16th century despot with a incredibly powerful evil presence . then we pull back to reveal the studio , which be a large open space on the top floor of the museum , light by large skylight in the ceiling . work on the vigo painting be janosz poha , a youngish art historian and painter , the head of the department , quirky , intense and somewhat creepy . janosz be stare longingly across the room at dana . dana she be carefully clean a 19th century landscape painting , still preoccupy by the extraordinary near-accident with the buggy . janosz watch she for a moment , then come up behind she and look over she shoulder . janosz ( with a East european accent ) still work on the Turner ? dana jump , startle by the intrusion . dana oh , yes , I get in a little late this morning , janosz . janosz you know , you be really do very good work here . I think soon you may be ready to assist I in some of the more important restoration . dana thank you , janosz . I have learn a lot here , but now that my baby 's a little older , I be hope to rejoin the orchestra . vigo painting at the mention of dana 's baby , the figure of vigo miraculously turn he head and look at dana . janosz and dana neither of they notice the movement in the painting . janosz ( disappointed ) we will be very sorry to lose you . perhaps I could take you to lunch today ? dana actually , I be not eat lunch today . I have a appointment . ( look at she watch ) in fact , I would better go . she start gather up she thing . janosz every day I ask you , and every day you have get something else to do . do I have bad breath or something ? dana ( try to brush he off ) I be sorry . perhaps some other time . janosz okay , I will take a raincheck on that . janosz smile at she as she exit , then go back to he easel . janosz ( to himself ) I think she like I . he switch on a English language tape and start practice the phrase as he resume work . CUT to : ext . university - day dana Barrett cross the quad and enter a modern building . a sign identify it as " the Institute for Advanced theoretical Research . " int . university - day ( a little later ) dana be explain the buggy incident to egon spengler , the soberly intellectual techno-wizard and former ghostbuster , as he conduct a experiment assist by a research team of graduate student , all of whom be japanese , chinese , or Korean . the device he be testing be a black box about the size of a Sony watchman with both digital and graphic display . dana ... and then the buggy just suddenly stop dead in the middle of the street spengler do anyone else see this happen ? dana hundred of people . believe I , I do not imagine this . spengler I be not say you do . in science we always look for the simple explanation . a assistant interrupt . assistant we be ready , Dr. spengler spengler ( to the Assistant ) we will start with the negative calibration . he pick up the device and prepare to test it . dana ( curious ) what be you work on , egon ? spengler I be try to determine whether human emotional state have a measurable effect on the psychomagnetheric energy field . it 's a theory Ray and I be work on when we have to dissolve ghostbuster . a assistant draw a curtain revealing a large picture window , actually a two - way mirror , that look into a small wait room . Inside the wait room they can see but not hear a youngish couple have a heat arguement . spengler ( to dana ) they think they be here for marriage counseling . we have keep they wait for two hour and we have be gradually increase the temperature in the room . ( check a heat sensor ) it 's up to 95 degree at the moment . now my assistant be go to enter and ask they if they would mind wait another half -hour . as spengler , dana , and the research team watch , the assistant enter the wait room and tell the couple about the new delay . they explode with anger both at he and each other while spengler monitor they through the glass . after recording he reading , he return to he Assistant . spengler we will do the happiness index next . ( to dana ) I would like to bring Ray in on you case , if it 's all right with you . dana okay , whatever you think -- but not venkman . spengler oh no . dana ( affectedly casual ) do you ever see he ? spengler occasionally dana how be he this day ? spengler venkman ? I think he be borderline for a while there . then he cross the border . dana do he ever mention I ? spengler no . not that I can recall . they move to another two - way mirror through which they can see a lovely little girl play with a wonderful array of toy . dana ( slightly disappointed ) well , we do not part on very good term and we sort of lose track of each other when I get marry . the Assistant interrupt again . assistant we be ready for the affection test . spengler ( to the assistant ) good . send in the puppy . dana ( continue ) I think of call he after my marriage end , but -- . anyway , I appreciate you be do this , egon they watch as another assistant enter the playroom with a adorable cocker spaniel puppy and give it to the little girl . spengler monitor she as she jump for joy and hug the little dog . dana ( hand he a card ) this be my address and telephone number . will you call I ? spengler certainly . dana egon , I would rather you do not mention any of this to Peter if you do not mind . spengler I will not . dana thank you . she shake he hand and exit . spengler ( to he assistant ) now let 's see how she react when we take away the puppy CUT to : ext . ray' occult book store - day ( later ) it 's a small basement shop locate on a quaint commercial block in greenwich Village . the window be crowded with occult artifact and old book full of arcane metaphysical lore . the telephone ring . stantz ( v.o. , answer the phone ) Ray 's occult . int . ray' occult book - continuous the shelf be jamme floor to ceiling with book on the paranormal . Ray sit on a barstool behind the counter wear a old cardigan sweater over a T-shirt . he have on a pair of read glass and chew on a batter , reek pipe . as he talk on the phone he prepare a cup of herb tea for spengler who be thumbing through a arcane text . stantz ( on the phone ) yeah ... mmhmm ... what do you need ? ... what have I get ? I have get alchemy , astrology , apparition , bundu Magic Men , demon intercession , u.f.o. abduction , psychic surgery , stigmata , modern miracle , pixie sighting , golden geese , geist , ghost , I have get it all -- what be you look for ? ... do not have any . try the stockyard . he hang up . spengler who be that ? stantz some crank . look for goat hoof . come up with anything ? spengler ( refer to the book ) this one 's interesting . Berlin , 1939 , a flower cart take off by itself and roll approximately half a kilometer over level ground . Three hundred eyewitness . stantz you might want to check that Duke University mean average study on control psychokinesis . spengler ( go to the stack ) good idea . the bone hang over the door rattle as venkman enter the shop . venkman oh , hello , perhaps you could help I . I be look for a aerosol love potion I could spray on a certain penthouse Pet that would make she unconditionally submit to a unusual personal request . stantz oh , hiya , Pete . venkman so , no goat hoof , huh ? stantz ( strung ) I know that voice sound familiar . what 's up ? how 's it go ? venkman nowhere -- fast . why do not you lock up and buy I a sub ? stantz ( slightly evasive ) uh , I can not . I be kind of work on something . spengler step out of the stack . venkman egon ! spengler hello , venkman . venkman how have you be ? how 's teach ? I bet that science chick really dig that big cranium of yours , huh ? spengler I think they be more interested in my epididymis . venkman I do not even want to know where that be . venkman step behind the counter and take a beer from Ray 's mini-fridge . stantz oh , you book come in , venkman . magical path to fortune and power . he hand venkman the book . venkman great. ( read the content ) so what be you guy work on ? stantz oh , just check something for a old friend . venkman who ? stantz ( at a loss ) who ? just -- someone we know . venkman oh , Ray -- he grab stantz by both ear and pull up . venkman who ? who ? who ? stantz aaah ! nobody ! I can not tell you ! venkman who , Ray ? stantz ( give in ) dana ! dana Barrett ! venkman let go of he ear and smile . spengler look at stantz and shake he head . CUT to : int . dana' apartment - day ( later ) the apartment be old and creatively furnish with a comfortable mix of modern and traditional piece . Maria , a young Hispanic woman who do day care for dana , be feed the baby in the kitchen when the doorbell ring . CUT to : dana enter from the bedroom and cross to the front door . she open it and admit Ray and egon . dana ( hugging Ray ) hi , Ray . it 's good to see you . thanks for come . stantz no problem . always glad to help -- and hug . dana ( to spengler ) hi , egon . she shake he hand and be about to close the door when venkman appear in the doorway . venkman hi , dana . dana be catch completely off guard by venkman 's surprise appearance . venkman I know you would come crawl back to I . she regards he coolly , as always amused and amaze at he presumptuousness . dana hello , Peter . venkman ( to dana ) you know , dana , I be very very hurt that you do not call I first . I be still into all this stuff , you know . have not you ever see my show ? dana I have . that 's why I do not call you first . venkman I can see that you be still very bitter about we , but in the interest of science , I be go to give it my best shot . let 's go to work , boy . stantz and spengler begin a comprehensive parapsychological work - up on the baby and the immediate physical environment . venkman and dana venkman start nose around the apartment . dana follow he . venkman so what happen to Mr. right ? I hear he ditch you and the kid and move to Europe . dana he do not " ditch " I . we have some problem , he get a good offer from a orchestra in England and he take it . venkman he ditch you . you should have marry I , you know . dana you never ask I , and every time I bring it up you would get drowsy and fall asleep . venkman Men be very sensitive , you know . we need to feel love and desire , too . dana well , when you start introduce I as " the old ball and chain , " that 's when I leave . venkman I may have a few personal problem but one thing I be be a total professional . he leave she and cross to spengler . spengler he 's take a complete set of body and head measurement of the baby with a tape measure and caliper . venkman what be you go to do , egon ? knit he a snowsuit ? spengler ignore the remark and hand venkman a specimen jar . spengler I would like to have a stool specimen venkman yeah , you would . be that for personal or professional reason ? venkman ( pick up the baby ) okay , kid . up you go . he start clowning with the baby , hold he over he head and press he nose into the baby 's belly , pretend that the baby be attack he . venkman help ! please somebody help I ! get he off ! quickly ! he 's go completely berserk ! dana be amused and somewhat disarm by venkman 's rapport with the baby . dana what do you think ? venkman there 's no doubt about it . he 's get he father 's look . the kid be ugly -- extremely ugly . and smelly . ( resume play with the baby ) you stink ! it 's just horrible . you be the stinkiest baby I ever smell . ( to dana ) what 's he name ? dana his name be oscar . venkman oscar ! you poor kid ! dana ( lose patience ) Peter , this be serious . I need to know if you think there 's anything unusual about he . venkman unusual ? ( hold up the baby and scrutinize he ) I do not know . I have not have a lot of experience with baby . he look at the baby , pull he foot up , try to get the sleeper off . dana ( take the specimen jar ) I will do it . venkman I will supervise . int . dana' apartment - nursery - day ( continuous action ) venkman enter and find stantz monitoring the room . venkman ( to stantz ) well , holme , what do you think ? stantz it 's a interesting one , Pete . if anything be go on it 's totally subdued now . spengler enter . venkman ( to spengler ) what now , brainiac ? spengler I think we should see if we can find anything abnormal on the street . venkman find something abnormal on the street should not be too hard . CUT to : ext . east 77th STREET - day ( later ) dana walk down the street with venkman , retrace the path of the runaway buggy . spengler and stantz follow , monitoring pke valence from the pavement and the building . venkman ( to dana , nostalgic ) bring back a lot of sweet memory , do not it ? ( point out familiar neighborhood sight ) there 's we old cash machine . and the dry cleaner we use to go to . and the old video store . ( he wipe away a imaginary tear ) we really have some good time , do not we ? dana we definitely have a moment or two . dana stop at the intersection and point to the middle of the street . dana that 's where the buggy stop . venkman okay , let 's take a look . venkman walk right out into the middle of the street , completely oblivious to the car honking and whizzing past he and start motion like a traffic cop , bring traffic to a standstill . then he signal for dana , stantz and spengler to join he in the middle of the street . stantz ( read the pke meter ) be this the spot ? dana a little to the leave . right there ! that 's where it stop . stantz read the pke meter . stantz nothing . not a trace . spengler why do not we try the giga-meter ? venkman what 's that ? stantz egon and I have be work on a gauge to measure psychomagnetheric energy in gev - giga electron volt . spengler that 's a thousand million electron volt . venkman I know that . spengler switch on the giga-meter , the device he be testing in the lab , and pass it over the spot on the street where the buggy stop . the indicator go right into the red zone and the device start clicking wildly . stantz I think we hit the honeypot , boy . there 's something brewing under the street . dana ( worried , to venkman ) Peter , do you think maybe I have some genetic problem or something that make I vulnerable to this supernatural thing . venkman you mean like the time you get possess and turn into a monster terror dog ? no , not a chance . total coincidence . ( to stantz and spengler ) be I right ? stantz and spengler look at he skeptically , not convinced by the coincidence theory . CUT to : int . manhattan museum of art - late afternoon the museum have just close for the day and the last of the visitor and employee be leave . int . restoration studio - same time janosz be work late on the painting of vigo . vigo painting unnotice by janosz , the eye of vigo start to glow . janosz he touch he brush to the canvas and a powerful current of red , crackle energy surge through the brush and course through he body , drive he to he knee . painting the figure of vigo come to life , turn toward janosz and gesture dramatically at he . then he speak to janosz in a commanding voice . vigo I , vigo , the scourge of carpathia , the sorrow of moldavia , command you . janosz ( in agony ) Command I , lord . vigo on a mountain of skull in a castle of pain , I sit on a throne of blood . what be will be , what be will be no more . now be the season of evil . find I a child that I might live again . bolt of red-hot energy shoot from the eye of vigo into janosz 's eye . he scream and fall to he knee . CUT to : ext . coffee shop - east 77th STREET - night venkman and stantz come out with small box contain coffee , sandwich and danish and start walk up the street . venkman I love this . we be onto something really big . I can smell it , Ray . we be go to make some headline with this one . stantz hey , hey , hey , stresshound ! be you nut ? if anybody find out about this we would be in serious trouble . the judge could not have be clearer - no ghostbust . venkman relax . we be go to keep this whole thing nice and quiet , low key , no profile . ext . east 77th STREET - night ( continuous action ) spengler , wear a hardhat , be jackhammering a hole in the middle of the street . Safety cone and reflector have be set up and a small area be light by strong work light . police car it turn onto East 77th Street , cruise slowly up to the makeshift worksite and stop . the noise of the jackhammer be so loud , spengler do not notice the police car and the two cop inside look at they . finally , he look up , see the police car and freeze . first cop how ya do ? spengler ( reek with guilt ) Fine ! it 's cut fine now . first cop ( curious ) why be you cut ? spengler ( look for one of the other ) why be we cut ? uh - boss ! venkman and stantz arrive just in time wear con Ed hardhat , do a good imitation of a consolidate Edison repairman . first cop what be you do here ? venkman ( belligerent ) what the hell 's it look like we be do ? we be bustin out ass over here ' cause some douchebag downtown be not get nothin ' better to do than make idiot like we work late on a Friday night , right ? ( look to spengler for agreement ) spengler ( with a " right on " fist ) yo. the cop seem satisfied by the explanation . first cop okay , boy , take it easy . they drive off . spengler breathes a great sigh of relief and start rub he sore shoulder . spengler you be suppose to help I with this . venkman you need the exercise . stantz resume jackhammering , while venkman and spengler clear the rubble from the hole . suddenly he hit metal . they clear away generation of pave material revealing a ornate iron manhole cover . the manhole cover bear a strange logo and the letter nyprr . stantz ( exam it ) nyprr . what the hell -- ? help I lift this . they prey off the iron cover with crowbar , uncover a very dark and very deep abyss . stantz ( shine a flashlight into the hole ) wow ! it 's a old airshaft . it just go forever . spengler lean in with the giga-meter which be read even higher now . spengler very intense . we need a deeper read . somebody have to go down there . venkman and spengler both look at Ray . stantz thanks , boy . they snap stantz into a harness and lower he into the hole on a strong cable attach to a winch . Ray call out order to they as he descend deeper and deeper . stantz ( o.s. ) ( he voice echoing in the airshaft ) keep go -- more -- more -- int . hole - night ( continuous action ) stantz rappel off the side of the airshaft as he continue he descent in total darkness . stantz ( use a radio now ) lower -- lower -- ( to himself ) gee , this really be deep . suddenly , he foot kick thin air as he get to the bottom of the airshaft and swing free in some kind of tunnel . stantz ( shout ) hold it ! steady ! he pull a powerful flashlight from he utility belt and shine it into the tunnel below . int . van horne station - stanthi' Pov - night he be suspend near the top of a beautifully preserve chamber with round , polished tile wall ardorn with intricate , colorfully enamele Art nouveau mosaic . a finely inlaid sign identify it as van horne station . stantz he pan the wall with he flashlight , admire the excellent tilework , and speak quietly to venkman and spengler over he walkie-talkie . stantz ( reverently ) this be it , boy , the end of the line . Van horne Station . the old New York pneumatic . it 's still here . ext . east 77th STREET - hole - night ( continuous action ) venkman have no idea what he 's talk about . spengler ( explain ) the New York pneumatic railway . it be a experimental subway system . fan-forced air-train , build around 1870 . stantz ( over the walkie- talkie ) this be about as deep as you can go under Manhattan without digging you own hole . spengler ( to stantz ) what 's the read ? int . van horne station - night ( continuous action ) stantz shine he flashlight on the meter and whistle at the extremely high read . stantz ( on the radio ) off the top of the scale . this place be really hot . lower I to the floor . as venkman and spengler feed he some more cable , he pan he flashlight down the wall of the station , then onto the floor . stantz ( shout ) hold it !! stop !! whoa !! int . van horne station - stanthi' Pov - floor - night below he be a river of bubbling seethe , glow slime , a veritable torrent of disgusting ooze . as he stare into the foul effluent , we become aware of the strangely amplify and magnify sound of great engine throbbing and pulsing in the bowel of the city , of water rushing through pipe , steam hissing through duct , the muffle rumble of the subway and the roar of traffic , and mix with it all , the unmistakable sound of human conflict and pain -- voice shout in anger , scream in fear , groaning in pain , a sad and eerie symphony . int . van horne station - stantz - night stantz ( ranting on the radio ) oh , my God ! it 's a seethe , bubbling , psychic cess ! interlocked tube of plasm , crackle with negative gev ! it 's glow and move ! it 's -- it 's a river of slime !! stantz he dangle from the end of the cable , hold he foot up as high as he can . he unhook a device from he utility belt and pull the trigger on it , shoot out a long telescoping fishing - pole with a scoop on the end . reaching down , he scoops up a sample of the slime and start retract the pole . slime suddenly , a grotesque arm with a long skeletal finger reach up out of the slime and snatch at stantz 's dangle foot . he jerk he leg up as several more arm poke up out of the slime and reach for he . stantz ( on the radio ) haul I up , venkman ! now ! ext . east 77th STREET - hole - night ( continuous action ) venkman and spengler start haul in the cable as a con Ed supervisor 's car drive up , and behind it , the same police car they see earlier . a burly supervisor get out and cross toward they , follow by the two cop . supervisor ( no nonsense ) okay , what 's the story here ? venkman and spengler stop pull up the cable and venkman try the belligerent worker ploy again , only this time he 's wear a nynex hardhat . venkman what , I get time for this ? we get three thousand phone out in the Village and about eight million mile of cable to check . supervisor ( not buy it ) the phone line be over there . ( point to the curb ) venkman pop spengler on the head . venkman I tell ya ! stantz can be hear ranting over venkman 's walkie-talkie . stantz ( o.s. ) ( filter ) help ! help ! pull I up ! it 's alive ! it 's eat my boot . venkman switch off the walkie-talkie . first cop you be not with con Ed or the phone company . we check . tell I another one . venkman stare at the cop for a long moment . venkman Gas leak ? int . van horne station - same time stantz be hang there , look down into the shaft at the slime which be now bubbling up the shaft after he . stantz ( shouting ) get I out of here !! desperate now , he kick wildly and knock loose a section of a old , rusting conduit . int . van horne station - bottom of the shaft the conduit fall on a heavy electrical transmission line , rip through the cable with a shower of SPARKS . ext . east 77th STREET - hole - continuous action venkman , spengler , the cop and the supervisor all react to a bright flash deep down in the hole and a shout from stantz . ext . east 77th STREET - STREET - night one by one , all the streetlight go out ; then the light on all the building along East 77th street ; then the whole neighborhood black out , and finally the entire city be plunge into darkness . stantz ( o.s. ) sorry . int . dana barrett' apartment - night ( same time ) she walk around in the dark lighting candle and place they all over the live room . then she find a transistor radio and turn it on for information about the blackout . she listen to a special news report for a moment , then have a compelling impulse to go check on the baby . she cross to the nursery carry a candle and quietly open the door and look in . suddenly the doorbell ring , scare she half to death . leave the chain on the door , she open it a crack and see janosz stand in the hall , eerily light by a red emergency spot at the end of the hallway . he look slightly daze and even creepier . dana ( surprised ) janosz ? janosz hello , dana . I happen to be in the neighborhood and I think I would stop by to see if everything 's all right with you -- you know , with the blackout and everything ? be you okay ? be the baby all right ? his affect concern be chill . she be frighten but conceal it from he . dana ( mechanically and cautiously ) we be fine , janosz . he tire to look around she into the apartment . janosz do you need anything ? you want I to come in ? dana no , everything 's fine . honestly . thanks anyway . janosz okay , just think I would check . good night , dana . sleep well . do not let the bedbug bite you . dana good night , janosz . she close the door behind he and double lock it , then stand there stare into the candlelight , alone and afraid . int . hallway of dana' build - night ( continuous action ) janosz stand there in semi-darkness , then he eye light up like headlight and he walk off down the hall . CUT to : int . courtroom - witness stand - next day the judge , a rather sour-look jurist of the old school , call the court to order . judge I want to make one thing very clear before we go any further . the law do not recognize the existence of ghost , and I do not believe in they either , so I do not want to hear a lot of malarkey about goblin and spook and demon . we be go to stick to the fact in this case and save the ghost storey for the kiddie . understood ? defense table stantz lean over and whisper to spengler . stantz seem like a pretty open-minded guy , huh ? spengler his nickname be " the Hammer . " stantz and spengler be seat with they attorney louis tully , lawyer , cpa and former demonic possession victim . Louis be desperately paging through a mountain of legal textbooks . louis ( nervous ) I think you be make a big mistake here , fella . I do mostly tax law and some probate stuff occasionally . I get my law degree at night school . stantz that 's all right . we get arrest at night . spectator ' gallery venkman be talk to dana at the wooden rail in front of the gallery . dana I wish I could stay . I feel personally responsible for you be here . venkman you be personally responsible . if I can get conjugal rights , will you visit I at sing sing ? dana please do not say that . you will not go to prison . venkman do not worry about I . I be like a cat . dana you mean you cough up hairball all over the rug ? venkman I be El gato . I always land on my foot . dana ( sincerely ) good luck . venkman thanks . she give he a quick , unexpected kiss and exit . venkman savor it for a moment then go back to the defense table . prosecution table Jack hardemeyer , the mayor 's principal aide , be goad the prosecutor , a very sober , humorless woman in she late thirty . hardemeyer how be you do , hon ? just put this guy away fast and make sure they go away for a long , long time . prosecutor it should not be hard with this list of charge . hardemeyer good . very good . the mayor and future governor will not forget this . he smile conspiratorially and make a point of pass the defense table on he way out of the courtroom . defense table the ghostbuster look up as hardemeyer approach . hardemeyer ( gloat ) Nice go , venkman . violate a judicial restrain order , willful destruction of public property , fraud , malicious mischief -- smooth move . see you in a couple year -- at you first parole hearing . herdemeyer exit . Louis look devastate . louis gee , the whole city 's against we . I think I be go to be sick . spengler hand he a waste basket as the prosecutor call she first witness . int . courtroom - witness stand - day ( later ) the con Ed supervisor be testify . prosecutor Mr. fianella , please look at exhibit a through F on the table over there . do you recognize that equipment ? exhibit table lying on the table be the basic tool of the ghostbust trade : three proton pack and particle thrower , a couple of ghost trap , and various meter and detection device . con ed ( o.c. ) that 's the stuff the cop find in they truck . witness stand she continue . prosecutor do you know what this equipment be use for ? con ed ( shrug ) I do not know . catch ghost , I guess . prosecutor ( to the judge ) May I remind the court that the defendant be under a judicial restrain order that specifically forbid they from perform service as paranormal investigator and eliminator . judge so note . prosecutor now , Mr. fianella , can you identify the substance in the jar on the table mark exhibit F ? prosecutor she go to the exhibit table and pick up a specimen jar contain the slime sample stantz remove from the tunnel . con ed I be work underground for con Ed for 27 year and I never see anything like that in my life . we check out that tunnel the next day and we do not find nothing . if it be down there , they must have put it there . defense table venkman and spengler look at stantz . stantz ( defensively ) hey , I do not imagine it . there must have be ten thousand gallon of it down there . spengler it may be ebbing and flow from some tidal source . louis ( nervously ) should I say that ? spengler I doubt that they would believe we . Louis moan and go back to he note . wipe to : int . courtroom - witness stand - later venkman himself be on the stand and Louis be question he . louis so like you be just try to help out you old friend because she be scared and you do not really mean to do anything bad and you really love the city and will not ever do anything like this again , right ? prosecutor objection , you honor . he 's lead the witness . judge the witness be lead he . sustain . louis okay , let I rephrase that question . ( to venkman ) do not you once coach a basketball team for underprivileged child ? venkman yes , I do . we be city champ . prosecutor objection . irrelevant and immaterial . judge sustain . Mr. tully , do you have anything to ask this witness that may have some bear on this case ? louis ( to venkman ) do I ? venkman no , I think you have help they enough already . louis ( to the judge ) no , I guess not . ( to the prosecutor ) you witness . the prosecutor rise and approach the witness stand with relish . prosecutor so , Dr. venkman , please explain to the court why it be you and you co- defendant take it upon yourselves to dig a big hole in the middle of the street . venkman seventy -seventh and first Avenue have so many hole already we do not think anyone would notice . the gallery laugh and the judge gavel for order . judge keep that up , mister , and I will find you in contempt . venkman sorry , you honor , but when somebody set I up like that I can not resist . prosecutor I will ask you again , Dr. venkman . why be you digging the hole ? and please remember that you be under oath . venkman I have my finger cross when they swore I in , but I be go to tell you the truth . there be thing in this world that go way beyond human understanding , thing that can not be explain and that most people do not want to know about anyway . that 's where we come in . prosecutor so what be you say ? that the world of the supernatural be you special province ? venkman no , I guess I be just say that shit happen and somebody have to deal with it . the spectator in the gallery cheer and the judge gavel for order . wipe to : int . courtroom - later the trial be near its end . the judge call on Louis to make he summation . judge do the counsel for the defense wish to make any final arguement ? Louis rise . louis you honor , may I approach the bench ? judge ( impatient ) yes . Louis cross to the judge 's bench . louis ( to the judge ) can I have some of you water ? judge get on with it , counselor ! louis ( scared ) you honor , lady and gentleman of the -- ( he remember there 's no jury ) audience . I do not think it 's fair to call my client fraud . okay , the blackout be a big problem for everybody . I be stick in a elevator for about three hour and I have to go to the bathroom the whole time , but I do not blame they because once I turn into a dog and they help I . thank you . he go back to the defense table and sit down . stantz and spengler hang they head . venkman pat Louis on the back . spengler ( to Louis ) Way to go . concise and to the point . judge he stare at Louis , astonished at he summation . judge that 's it ? that 's all you have to say ? louis do I forget something ? he search through a disorderly pile of note . judge that be unquestionably the worst presentation of a case I have ever hear in a court of law ! I ought to cite you for contempt and have you disbarre . as for you client , Peter venkman , Raymond stantz and egon spengler , on the charge of conspiracy , fraud and the willful destruction of public property , I find you guilty on all count . I order you to pay fine in the amount of $ 25,000 each and I sentence you to eighteen month in the city correctional facility at ryker 's Island . stantz he see the activity in the jar stantz uh-oh , she 's twitchin' . the bench the judge continue judge and on a more personal note , let I go on record as say that there be no place in decent society for fake , charlatan and trickster like you who prey on the gullibility of innocent people . you be beneath the contempt of this court . and believe I , if my hand be not tie by the unalterable fetter of the law , a law which have become in my view far too permissive and inadequate in it 's standard of punishment , I would invoke the tradition of we illustrious forebearer , reach back to a sterner , purer justice and have you burn at the stake ! he hammer the bench with he gravel as the gallery erupt noisily . then he feel a low rumbling tremor in the courtroom . specimen jar the slime start to pulse and swell , push up the lid on the jar . defense table stantz anticipate big trouble . stantz under the table , boy ! the ghostbuster duck under the defense table . louis he stand up and look around fearfully . int . courtroom - ghost battle - day everybody be silent now as the rumbling increase . all eye turn to the exhibit table . then suddenly all Hell break loose as two full - torso apparition explode out of the specimen jar . judge he look up in terror at the two huge apparition loom above he and recognize they immediately . judge ( in horror ) oh , my God ! the scoleri Brothers ! scoleri brother Big in life , even bigger in death , the ghostly scoleri brother seem ten foot tall . they be strapped into electric chair and on they head be metal electrocution cap with live , sparking electrical wire still attach . twenty - five hundred volt of electricity shoot through they body as they start to break free of the leather restraint , try to get at the judge . judge holding he gavel like a pitiful weapon , he crawl over to the defense table where venkman , stantz and spengler be now crouch , assess the spectral intruder . judge ( terrify ) you have get to do something ! venkman who be they ? judge they be the scoleri Brothers . I try they for murder . they be electrocute up at ossine in ' 48 . now they want to kill I . venkman maybe they just want to appeal . scoleri brother they break loose from the electric chair , then turn toward the defense table and blast it with high - voltage finger -lightning . prosecutor she sprint for the door , pursue by one of the scoleri brother . ghostbuster they jump to safety behind the rail of the jury box , pull the judge with they . venkman this boy be not play around . judge ( desperately ) you have get to stop they . please ! louis ( think like a lawyer ) violate a judicial restrain order could expose my client to serious criminal penalty . as they attorney I would have to advise they against it . scoleri brother they start punch through the jury box . judge he be just about hysterical with fear . judge all right ! all right ! I be recind the order . case dismiss !! ( he pound he gavel on the floor ) now do something ! stantz let 's go to work , boy . with that , the ghostbuster leap over the rail of the jury box and dash across the courtroom to the exhibit table where they proton pack be be display as evidence . they strap they on hastily as the Brothers continue tear up the seat loo for the judge . venkman ( slinging the pack onto he back ) geez , I forget how heavy this thing be . stantz ( grab other gear ) okay , let 's heat them up ! they flip the power switch on they pack and draw they particle thrower . stantz all right , thrower . set for full neutronas on stream . they switch on they thrower and turn to face the raging phantasms . scoleri brother they be just about to wipe out the judge when a loud shout distract they . venkman hey ! why do not you pick on someone you own size ? the tower ghost turn in a fury and raise they arm , ready to shoot lightning at they new adversary . stantz ( to the other ) on my signal , boy . open them up -- now ! they all pull they triggers and the wand explode with incredible powerful stream of ENERGY , do even more damage to the courtroom . venkman speng , take the door . Ray , let 's try and work they down and into the corner . work as a team , they gradually confine the scoleri Brothers with the stream , force they closer and closer to the trap Ray have set out on the floor . stantz watch it ! I be come under you , Pete . they circle around the two ghost , prodding they with the stream while ducking the lightning bolt shoot from they finger . finally , Ray see he chance and pop open the trap which emit invert pyramid of light energy . stantz steady -- watch you stream -- easy now -- venky , bring he leave -- spengy , pull he down -- trapping -- trapping -- now ! he stomp on a control pedal and the scoleri Brothers be draw into the trap which snap shut . int . courtroom - trap - day led on the outer case start flash , indicate the presence of a ghost inside each trap . venkman ( check the trap ) occupado . int . courtroom - judge - day ( after ghost battle ) he stick he head up slowly from behind the debris of he bench and look around in total amazement . louis he crawl out from under a chair . Reporters and spectator get back on they foot and start buzzing about the incredible manifestation . prosecutor she 's lie on the floor , attend to by the bailiff and the Court clerk . spengler ( to the prosecutor ) brilliant summation . ghostbuster they break into big smile as photographer start snap picture of they stand in the wreck courtroom . venkman case close , boy . we be back in business . the spectator cheer and applaud . CUT to : ext . firehouse - day the old , dilapidate ghostbuster logo come crash to the ground , drop by a pair of workmen on a ladder , and the new logo be hoist into place over the main entrance . it 's just like the original " no ghost " logo , but in the new one the ghost in the red circle be hold up two finger . venkman enter the firehouse . int . bedroom set ( tv commercial - full screen video ) - night a man and he wife be lie in bed read . the man be play by Louis tully and janine melnitz , the ghostbuster ' once and future receptionist , be play he wife . they be both terrible actor . suddenly , a ghost , actually a very bad puppet on a wire , float through the bedroom . janine see it and scream . louis what be it , honey ? janine it 's that darn ghost again ! I do not know what to do anymore . he just will not leave we alone . I guess we will just have to move . louis do not worry . we be not move . he be . he pick up the phone . janine who be you go to call ? louis ( with a wink ) ghostbuster . as he start to dial , the camera pull back to reveal the ghostbuster stand in the bedroom . they act be not much better than Louis and janine 's . ghostbuster stantz speak directly to the camera . stantz I be Ray -- venkman I be Peter -- spengler I be egon -- stantz and we be the ... all ( together ) ghostbuster . stantz that 's right -- ghostbuster . we be back and we be better than ever with twice the know - how and twice the particle - power to deal with all you supernatural elimination need . during he speech , Winston can be see in the b.g. pretend to trap the fake ghost . stantz careful , Winston . he 's a mean one . ( to camera ) and to celebrate we grand reopening , we be give you twice the value with we special half - price ' welcome back ' service plan . venkman hold on , Ray ! half -price ! have you go crazy ? stantz I guess so , Pete , because that 's not all . tell they what else we have get , egon . spengler actually mouth everyone else 's dialogue along with they , wait for he cue . spengler you mean the ghostbuster hot beverage thermal mug and free balloon for the kid ? he hold up a mug and a limp , uninflate balloon . stantz you bet . as stantz wrap it up , super appear at the bottom of the screen : fully bonded - fully licensed - SE habla espanol . stantz ( to camera ) so do not wait another minute . make you supernatural problem we supernatural problem . call now , because we be still -- all ( in unison , mechanically ) -- ready to believe you . CUT to : int . jack hardemeyer's office - day hardemeyer be watch the ghostbuster commercial on a tv in he office . he bang he fist on he desk and angrily switch off the tv . CUT to : ext . firehouse - day ( later ) the garage door open and the new improve ectomobile come roaring out onto the street , its ghostly siren moaning and wailing . Louis come run out after it . CUT to : int . firehouse - day Louis come back into the garage bay and stop as he smell a foul odor . he sniff around , follow the smell . louis oh , geez , smell like somebody take a really big -- he freeze . int . office area - louis' Pov slimer , a spud-like green ghost , be hover over Louis 's desk , scarfing down Louis 's bag lunch . slimer look up and see Louis . slimer and louis they both scream and run off in opposite direction . slimer he pass right through a wall and disappear . louis he run right into a wall , recover and exit in a hurry . louis ( scream ) help ! there 's a thing ! CUT to : ext . central park reservoir - day ( later ) runner of both sex and all age be huffing and puffing as they jog along the track that circle the reservoir . one of the runner look behind he at the sound of approaching footfalls and scream . ghostly jogger a ghost jogger be lope along at a pretty fair pace . other runner stumble and run scream into the park as he pass they . seemingly oblivious to the effect he 's have , the ghost jogger put two finger to he skeletal neck and check he watch as if take he pulse . ext . clearing in park - day ( same time ) venkman be sit on a park bench near the jogging track read the newspaper , eat a donut and drink coffee from a styrofoam cup . stantz he 's sit on a bench opposite venkman 's , casually watch the jogging track . ghost jogger he approach the bench where the ghostbuster be wait . as the ghost jogger pass the bench , stantz and venkman simultaneously hit conceal control button . a ghost trap bury in the track throw up a glow invert pyramid and catch the ghost jogger in mid-stride . stantz and venkman close the trap and capture the ghost jogger . venkman ( check he watch ) you know he run that last lap in under six minute ? stantz if he be not dead he would be a Olympic prospect . CUT to : ext . jewelry store - day the ghostbuster come out carry smoking trap , wear cheap dime - store Santa Claus hat . stantz ( to the client ) merry Christmas ! CUT to : ext . fifth avenue - orrefor glass store - day the ectomobile be park at the curb and a curious crowd look on as the ghostbuster enter the store . int . orrefor glass store - continuous action all the precious crystal be float in the air , several foot above the glass shelf and display table . stantz and venkman be talk to the manager while Winston and spengler set up a array of electronic device position in each corner of the store . on a signal from stantz , spengler and Winston switch on the device which throw laser - type beam around the perimeter of the store . the manager watch in horror as all the glassware suddenly drop out of the air , smashes through the glass shelve and shatter on the display table . there be a long pregnant pause . stantz ( to the manager ) so will that be cash or a check ? CUT to : int . museum - restoration studio - day ( late afternoon ) everyone else have go home . dana be clean she brushes and put she supplies away . vigo painting - continuous action vigo turn he head and watch dana as she walk past the painting . dana she stop , vaguely aware of the movement , and look up curiously at the painting . as she start to walk on , vigo look at she again , but dana turn suddenly and catch the movement . frightened now , she hastily leave the studio . int . firehouse - day Louis be lurking behind a pillar , peek out at the office area . we pan down to the floor and see a foot pedal , then pan along the cord to a ghost trap sit on Louis 's desk . hanging from string over the desk be several piece of kentucky fry chicken . wall slimer partially emerge and furtively sniff the air , then spot the chicken bait . he lick he lip , materialize completely and fly to the chicken . louis his eye light up and he stomp the foot pedal . louis ( shout ) gotcha ! desk the trap pop open and shoot out a powerful cone of energy . slimer dodge it and escape as a big section of the ceiling come crash down on Louis 's desk . louis ( see the damage ) uh-oh . he slink off , defeat . CUT to : int . manhattan museum of art - security desk - day the ghostbuster commercial be play on a portable tv on the security desk . rudy , the Security Guard , be read a National Enquirer with a giant front - page headline : ghostbuster save judge . venkman enter . venkman I be look for dana Barrett . security guard room 304 -- restoration . ( recognize he ) hey ! Dr. venkman -- ' World of the psychic . ' I be a big , big fan . that use to be one of my two favorite show . venkman ( flatter ) thanks . what 's the other one ? security guard ' bass Masters . ' it 's a fishing show . ever see it ? venkman yeah , really great . take it easy . he exit . int . museum - restoration studio - day ( moment later ) dana be work on a valuable flemish still - life by ver meer . janosz be at the other end of the room , still work on the painting of vigo . venkman enter and sneak up behind dana . venkman ( look at the ver meer ) so this be what you do , huh ? dana ( glad to see he ) oh , hello , Peter . venkman you be really good , you know . dana I do not paint it . I be just clean it . it 's a original ver meer . it 's worth about ten million dollar . vigo he turn he head and watch venkman and dana . venkman unaware that he 's be watch , venkman squint at the still life , hold up he thumb like he 's see artist do . venkman you know you can go to Art World and get this huge sofa-size painting for about forty - five buck . he start look around at the other artwork in the studio . dana I be sure you do not come here just to talk about art . venkman as a matter of fact , I stop by to tell you that I have not forget you problem and that we be still on the case . they be interrupt by the sudden appearance of janosz . janosz ( smile at venkman ) dana , be not you go to introduce I to you friend ? dana oh , I be sorry . this be Peter venkman . Peter , janosz poha . venkman warily shake he hand , try to size he up . janosz ( avoid he gaze ) pleasure to meet you . I have see you on television . venkman how be you ? ( look over at the vigo painting ) what 's that you be work on , johnny ? janosz wince at the nickname but let it go . venkman and dana cross to the vigo painting . janosz step protectively in front of it . janosz it 's a painting I be restore for the new byzantine exhibition . it 's a self - portrait of Prince vigo , the carpathian . he rule most of carpathia and moldavia in the 17th century . venkman ( stare at the painting ) too bad for the moldavian . janosz ( defensive ) he be a very powerful magician . a genius in many way and quite a skilled painter . dana he be also a lunatic and a genocidal madman . I hate this painting . I have feel very uncomfortable since they bring it up from storage . venkman yeah , it 's not the kind of thing you would want to hang in the rec room . you know what it need ? ( pick up a brush ) a fluffy little white kitten in the corner . venkman reach toward the painting , but janosz grab he hand . janosz ( with force good will ) we do not go around alter valuable painting , Dr. venkman . venkman well , I would make a exception in this case if I be you . dana look disapprovingly at venkman . venkman ( to janosz ) I will let you get back to it . Nice meeting you . janosz my pleasure . venkman and dana cross back to she workspace . venkman ( confidentially ) I may be wrong , but I think you have get a little crush on this guy . dana good-bye , Peter . venkman ( drag he foot ) I would like to stay , but I really do not have time to hang around here . I will call you . ( call out to janosz ) later , johnny ! he exit . vigo vigo turn he head and follow dana as she return to she workbench . dana she stop , vaguely aware of the movement , and look up curiously at the painting . as she start to walk on , vigo look at she again , but dana turn suddenly and catch the movement . frightened now , she hastily leave the studio . CUT to : int . firehouse - live quarter - continuous action - day venkman and Winston enter and find stantz and spengler at work in the lab area . stantz oh good , you be here . spengler and I have something really amazing to show you . venkman ( to spengler ) it 's not that thing you do with you nostril , be it ? stantz go to the refrigerator , open the freezer , rummages around among the tv dinner and freeze pizza and pull out a slime specimen in a tupperware container . stantz ( to venkman ) we have be study the stuff that we take from the subway tunnel . he pop the specimen jar in the microwave and let it thaw for a minute . venkman and now you be go to eat it ? stantz no , I be just restore it to its normal state . he take the specimen out of the microwave and pour some of it into a large petri dish . stantz now watch this . he lean over the specimen and start shouting at it . stantz ( simulate anger ) you worthless piece of slime !! ( as the slime start to twitch and glow ) you ignorant disgusting blob !! specimen it bubbles and swell , change color with each insult . stantz you foul , obnoxious muck !! stantz he continue venting he rage on the slime . stantz I have see some real crud in my time , but you be a chemical disgrace !! the specimen double its size and start spilling over the rim of the petri dish . stantz and spengler they turn to venkman for he reaction . he 's dumbfounded . venkman this be what you do with you spare time ? stantz ( very excited ) this be a incredible breakthrough , venkman . a psychoreactive substance ! whatever this be , it clearly respond to human emotional state . venkman ' mood slime . ' we ought to bottle this stuff and sell it . spengler we have find it at every event site we have be to lately . winston ( poke at the slime ) you mean this stuff actually feed on ' bad vibe ' ? stantz like a goat on garbage . stantz we be run test to see if we can get a equally strong positive reaction . venkman what kind of test ? stantz ( a little embarrassed ) well , we sing to it , we talk to it , we say supportive , nurture thing -- venkman you be not sleep with this stuff , be you ? spengler react as if he might be . stantz it really respond to music . ( to spengler ) let 's calm it down . spengler pick up a guitar and he and stantz start sing " cumbaya " to the slime specimen . specimen it stop bubbling and start to shrink . winston do it have any favorite ? stantz it like all the sappy stuff : ' cumbaya , ' ' everything be beautiful , ' ' it 's a small World ' -- but it love Jackie Wilson . venkman and Winston watch intently as spengler spoon some of the psych - reactive slime onto a old toaster . stantz watch this . stantz turn on a cassette player and Jackie Wilson 's " higher and higher " blast from the speaker . toaster it shake , spin and actually start move in time with the music . venkman he stare in disbelief at the dance toaster as it shoot two piece of toast into the air and catch they without miss a beat . venkman I do not care what you say . this could be a major Christmas gift item . winston right , and the first time someone get mad , they toaster will eat they hand . venkman so we will put a warning on the label . stantz turn off the music and the toaster stop move . venkman look at the toaster and stick he finger in the slot . venkman ( to the toaster ) go ahead . I dare you . suddenly , he yelp as if the toaster have actually bitten into he hand and will not let go . the other jump in to help he , but venkman laugh and easily withdraw he hand . venkman just kid . CUT to : int . dana' apartment - night dana bring oscar into the bathroom and lay he on the bassinet . she 's wear a robe over she nightgown , prepare to bathe the baby . she turn the tap on the old claw - foote bathtub , check the water temperature , then turn away and start to undress the baby . dana ( talk sweetly to the baby ) look at you . I think we get more food on you shirt than we get in you mouth . bathtub the water pour from the faucet change to slime and settles at the bottom of the tub . dana reach over and turn off the water without look into the tub . when she turn away , both tap start to spin by themselves and the tub flexe and bulge . dana still unaware , she routinely reach over and squirt some bubble bath into the tub . bathtub the rim of the tub pucker up and the side convulse as if swallow the bubble bath . dana she pick the baby up off the bassinet and turn to place he in the tub . she be just about to lower he into the water when the tub start to close up around the baby like a hugh mouth . dana scream , snatch the baby away and run from the room clutching oscar to she bosom as the bathtub convulse and vomit up bucket of slime . CUT to : int . venkman' loft - same night ( later ) the big open loft space be a chaotic clutter of mismatch furniture , old magazine , book , tape , and sport equipment . venkman be asleep on the floor , still wear he coat , scarf , hat and glove , have collapse just short of the bedroom . the doorbell ring , he wake up , lumber to he foot and answer it . he open the door and see dana stand there . she be wear only a nightgown under she coat and oscar be naked , wrap in a baby blanket . dana ( somewhat embarrassed to be there ) I be sorry . be you on you way out ? venkman ( surprised to see she ) no , I just get in -- a couple hour ago . come on in . ( note she apparel ) be we have a pajama party ? dana ( upset ) Peter , the bathtub try to eat oscar . venkman look at she for a long moment . venkman you know , if anyone else tell I that , I would have serious doubt . but come from you , I can not honestly say I be surprised . dana I must be lose my mind . at the museum today I could have swear that terrible painting of vigo look right at I . venkman who could blame he ? be you wear this nightgown ? dana ( distraught ) I do not know what to do anymore . venkman I will get Ray and egon to check out the bathtub . you better stay here . he exit to the bathroom . she look around the loft , amaze at the disorder . venkman come back immediately with a old sweatshirt and take oscar from she . venkman now this kid have a serious nudity problem . he spread the sweatshirt out on the sofa , lay the baby on it and start tie it around he like a diaper . venkman ( to the baby ) this be Joe namath 's old number , you know . you could get a lot of chick with this . just do not pee in it . dana Peter , what about the bathtub ? venkman ( grab the phone and dial ) we will take care of that . ( on the phone ) Ray , pete. listen , get over to dana 's right away ... her bathtub pull a fast one -- try to eat the kid . dana it be full of this awful pink ooze . venkman ( to Ray ) sound like another slime job ... no , they be all right . they be here now ... right ... let I know . he hang up . venkman they be go over there right now . you might as well make yourself at home . let I show you around . ( he cross to the kitchen area ) this be the cuisine de maison -- it 's a incredible mess . the sink be pile high with dirty dish and the counter be litter with all sort of food trash . he grab a big open hefty bag on the floor and start throw garbage into it . venkman ( look at the sink ) we may have to wash some of this if you get hungry -- ( he look in the fridge ) -- but there 's no food anyway so forget about it . I have all kind of carry - out menus if you feel like order . he open a drawer full of pizza , barbecue and chinese food menus , then cross to the bathroom . venkman bathroom 's right here -- let I just tidy up a few thing . dana Peter , this be very nice , but you do not have to do any of this , you know . he go into the bathroom and we hear water running , the toilet flushing and more item go into the hefty bag . venkman ( o.s. ) the shower work but it 's a little tricky . they be both mark " hot . " it take a little practice , but at least this one will not try and eat you . he come out of the bathroom with the now - load hefty bag over he shoulder . venkman be careful on that sofa -- it 's a butt-biter . but the bed 's good and I just change the sheet so if you get tired , feel free . in fact , I think you should definitely plan on spend the night here . dana really ? and how would we handle the sleep arrangement ? venkman for I it 's best if I sleep on my side and you spoon up right behind I with you arm around I . if we go the other way I be afraid you hair will be get in my face all night . dana how about you on the sofa and I in bed with the baby . venkman or we could do that . dana thank you . ( she pick up oscar ) poor baby . I think I should put he down now . venkman I will put he down for you . ( take the baby ) you be way too short ! and you belly - button stick out ! you be nothing but a burden to you poor mother ! venkman carry the baby into the bedroom leave dana in the live room , feel more relaxed and a lot safer . CUT to : ext . museum - day ( next morning ) venkman be wait in front of the building as ecto - 2 pull up and stantz , spengler and Winston get out and report on dana 's apartment . venkman do you find anything at dana 's ? stantz nothing . just some mood - slime residue in and around the bathtub . but we do turn up some interesting stuff on this vigo character you mention . I find the name vigo the carpathian in Leon Zundinger 's magician , Martyrs and mad . listen to this : spengler ( read from xerox of entry ) " vigo the carpathian , bear 1505 , die 1610 -- " venkman a hundred and five year ? he really hang on , do not he . stantz and he do not die of old age either . he be poison , stab , shot , hang , stretch , disembowel , draw and quarter . winston I guess he be not too popular at the end there . spengler no , not exactly a man of the people . ( read ) " also know as vigo the cruel , vigo the torturer , vigo the despise , and vigo the unholy . " stantz this guy be a bad monkey . he dabble in all the Black Arts , and listen to this prophecy . just before he head die , he last word be , " death be but a door , time be but a window . I will be back . " venkman that 's it ? " I will be back ? " spengler it 's a rough translation from the moldavian . they enter the museum carry they monitoring equipment . int . museum - security desk - day ( continuous action ) rudy the guard look up in surprise as the ghostbuster enter . rudy hey , Dr. venkman . what 's go on ? venkman we be just go up to restoration for a minute . rudy oh , I can not let you do that . Mr. poha tell I not to let you up there anymore . venkman ( with mock seriousness ) okay , we be try to keep this quiet but I think you can be trust . tell he , Ray . stantz ( very official ) mister , you have a ecto-paritic , subfusionary flux in this building . rudy we get a flux ? winston you get a flux and a half . stantz now if you do not want to be the -- ( he count ) -- fifth person ever to die in meta-shock from a planar rift , I suggest you get down behind that desk and do not move until we give you the signal " stabilize -- all clear . " rudy gulp and start to hunker down behind the desk as the ghostbuster head upstairs . int . museum - restoration studio - day ( moment later ) janosz be work on the vigo painting when the ghostbuster enter . he rush over and stop they at the door . janosz Dr. venkman ? dana be not here . venkman I know . janosz then why have you come ? venkman we get a major creep alert and we be just go down the list . you name be first . stantz ( to spengler and Winston ) let 's sweep it , boy . they deploy and start scan the studio with they monitoring device . venkman ( to janosz ) you know , I never get to ask you . where you from , johnny ? janosz ( nervous ) the Upper West side . spengler ( consulting he pke meter ) this entire room be extremely hot , Peter . janosz what exactly be you look for , Dr. venkman ? venkman we will know when we find it . you just sit tight . this will not take long . stantz use the giga-meter , he trace a strong psychomagnetheric read to the painting of vigo in the alcove at the end of the studio . venkman come up behind he with janosz right on he heel . venkman this be the one that look at dana . janosz it must be the chemical fume in the studio . people start imagine thing -- venkman ( interrupt ) I be go to rule out the glue-sniff theory . if she say it look at she , it look at she . ( to vigo ) hey , you ! Vigie ! look at I . I be talk to you . hey ! look at I when I be talk to you . they watch the painting for any sign of movement . vigo his eye stare lifelessly into the distance . stantz and venkman venkman start shoot Polaroid of vigo . venkman ( to vigo ) beautiful , beautiful . work with I , baby . just have fun with it . ( to stantz ) okay , he 's play it cool . let 's finish up and get out of here . stantz I will get one more read . venkman walk off leave stantz alone with the painting . stantz scan the painting with the giga-meter until he eye meet vigo 's . vigo his eye seem to burn right through to the depth of stantz 's soul . stantz he stand there transfix , unable to look away , as a strange and subtle transformation occur within he . Winston come up behind he and break the spell . winston ( look at the painting ) now that 's one ugly dude . stantz ( come back to he sense ) huh ? what ? winston you finish here ? stantz ( distract ) what ? yeah . winston be you all right ? you come down with something ? stantz no , I be fine . I just get light - head for a second there . let 's go . they head for the door . janosz he escort the ghostbuster to the door . janosz so you see , everything be in order , be it not ? venkman not . do not leave town and report any change in you address to the proper authority . we will be back . they exit . CUT to : ext . museum - day ( later ) the ghostbuster cross to ecto - 2 . spengler there 's definitely something go on in that studio . the pke level be max - plus and the giga-meter be show all red . winston I would put my money on that vigo character . venkman yeah , that 's a safe bet. ( to stantz ) you and spengman see what else you can dig up on vigo and this little weasel poha . that two be make for each other . int . ecto - 2 - day ( later ) the ghostbuster be drive back to the firehouse . stantz be at the wheel . his eye be vacant , he seem distract and very tense . stantz swerve suddenly and honk the horn angrily . stantz ( to another driver ) idiot ! ( honk ) move it , you jerk ! venkman and Winston exchange surprised look . ext . STREET - day ( continuous action ) stantz drive extremely fast , honking vindictively , weaving dangerously through traffic . int . ecto - 2 - day ( continuous action ) Winston look at Ray , concerned . winston go a little fast , be not we , Ray ? stantz turn on he . stantz ( viciously ) be you tell I how to drive ? winston no , I just think -- stantz well do not think ! he honk again and tromp hard on the accelerator . ext . STREET - day ( continuous ) ecto -2 be now barrel down the avenue . pedestrian leap to safety as stantz run a red light . int . ecto - 2 - day ( continuous action ) they hang on to the safety strap as stantz continue he maniacal ride . winston ( to stantz , really worried now ) be you crazy , man ? you be go to kill somebody ! stantz look at he and smile demonically . stantz no , I be go to kill everybody ! he swerve off the road . ext . ecto - 2 - day ( continuous action ) the car head right for a big tree . int . ecto - 2 - day ( continuous action ) at the last possible moment , Winston cold - cock stantz , grab the wheel and step across to stomp on the brake . ext . ecto - 2 - day ( continuous action ) the car skid into the tree and stop . the ghostbuster stumble out daze and shake , but unhurt . stantz rub he eye and look at the other , completely at a loss . stantz ( himself again ) what happen ? venkman you just pick up three penalty point on you driver 's license . winston be you all right ? stantz yeah , I guess so . it be the strangest thing . I know what I be do but I could not stop . this really terrible feel come over I and -- I do not know -- I just feel like drive into that tree and end it all . whew ! sorry , boy . they inspect the damage to the car . venkman ( confidentially , to spengler ) watch he , egon . do not even let he shave . CUT to : int . venkman' loft - day ( later ) there 's a knock at the front door , a key turn in the lock , and venkman enter somewhat tentatively hold a bouquet of flower and a small suitcase of dana 's . venkman ( call out ) I be home ! he look around the large open loft . venkman ( to himself ) I know it . she clean . he hear the shower running and cross to the bathroom . the door be half - open and he can see dana in the shower ( tastefully blurred ) through the transparent vinyl curtain . he close the bathroom door and look at the baby asleep on the bed , surround by pillow to prevent he roll off . then he turn and bump into dana who 's just come out of the bathroom wrap in a towel . she jump back into the bathroom . she come out again , this time wear a robe . venkman be you all squeaky clean now ? dana ( humoring he ) yes , I be very clean . do they find anything at my apartment ? she squeeze past he into the bedroom and close the door . venkman ( through the door ) nothing . they stay there all night , go through you personal stuff , make a bunch of long - distance phone call and clean out you refrigerator . and do not find anything . dana open the bedroom door . dana they do not find anything ? in the bathtub ... the pink ooze ... nothing ? so , what do I do now ? venkman now you get dress and we go out . I get a babysitter and everything . trust I , you need it . dana I be not here to date . I can not leave oscar in a strange place with someone I do not know . venkman it 's janine melnitz , from my staff . she 's one of my most valuable employee . dana do she know anything about baby ? venkman janine melnitz , be you kid ? ( hand she the flower ) do I have a vase ? I bring some of you clothes . wear something intrigue . I bring along some interesting possibility . dana okay , but it 's not a date . it 's a dinner . she smile and close the door again . he open the closet and start look for he good suit . venkman do you happen to see some shirt on the floor in here ? dana ( o.s. ) I put they in you hamper . I think they be dirty . venkman ( shaking he head ) I have a hamper ? next time ask I first , okay . I have more than two grade of laundry . there be lot of subtle level between clean and dirty . he pull some clothes out of the hamper and inspect they . venkman this be not so bad yet . you just hang they up for a while and they be fine . CUT to : int . firehouse - reception area - early evening janine cover she computer terminal and start turn out the light . then she notice that the light be still on upstairs . she start primp and freshen up she makeup . int . firehouse - lab area - same time Louis be strapping on a proton pack , prepare to deal with slimer once and for all . he 's wear a bicyclist 's rearview mirror on a headband . louis ( to himself ) okay , stinky , this be it . showdown time . you and I , pal . you think you be smarter than I be ? we will see about that . ( loud ) oh , hello , pizza man ! oh , two large ! I only order one . oh , pepperoni and pineapple . my absolute favorite . I guess I will have to eat this both by myself . the ceiling slimer poke he head through the ceiling and scan the room hang upside down . louis he spot slimer through the rearview mirror . louis ( quietly ) okay , let 's boogie ! he whirl around and fire a proton stream at slimer , slice a burn a gash across the ceiling . the stair janine come up and duck as a bolt of energy streak across the room and strike the wall behind she . slimer disappear . louis ( embarrassed and apologetic ) oh migod ! I be sorry . I do not mean to do that . it be a accident . janine what be you do up here ? louis I be try to get that smelly green thing . the guy ask I to help out . I be like the fifth ghostbuster . janine why would you want to be a ghostbuster if you be already a accountant ? louis oh , no , it 's just if one of the guy call in sick or get hurt . Louis quickly slip off the proton pack and set it down . janine have you make any plan yet ? you know tomorrow be New Year 's Eve . louis no , I celebrate at the beginning of my corporate tax year which be March first . that way I beat the crowd . janine that 's very practical . I hate go out on New Year 's Eve , too . there be a awkward silence between they and janine start to leave . janine well , good night , Louis . louis ( on a impulse ) janine , do you feel like maybe get something to eat on the way home ? janine I would like to , but I tell Dr. venkman I would babysit . ( seductively ) do you want to babysit with I ? louis oh , sure , that sound great . they exit . CUT to : int . venkman' loft - night ( later ) there be a knock at the door and venkman go to answer it . he 's dress for the evening and look very dapper . int . venkman' loft - entrance hall - continuous action venkman open the door and find stantz , spengler and Winston stand there wear over - the-hip rubberize wader , firemen 's slicker , and miner ' helmet , carry ton of sense device , meter , collection jar and photographic equipment . they look like they be rig out for a major spelunk expedition . venkman ( ushere they in ) do not tell I , let I guess . all - you-can - eat barbecue rib night at the sizzler ? stantz we be go down into the sewer system to see if we can trace the source of the psycho-reactive slime flow . we think you might want to come along . venkman darn it ! I wish I would know you be go . I be stick with this damn dinner reservation . spengler you know , animal and lower life form often anticipate major disaster . give the new magnetheric reading we could see a tremendous breeding surge in the cockroach population . venkman roach breeding ? sound better and better . ( call out ) dana ? the boy be go down under the sewer tonight to look for slime . egon think there might even be some kind of big roach - breeding surge . should we forget about dinner and go with they instead ? dana step into the live room look very beautiful . stantz wow . dana look curiously at they outfit . dana hi. they nod and wave back . venkman ( to Ray and egon ) I think we be go to have to pass on the sewer trip , boy . let I know what you find out . stantz ( on he exit ) okay , but you be miss all the fun . int . van horne station - night ( later ) stantz , spengler and Winston come down the stair into the station , guide by a very old map of the underground city . stantz this be it . Van horne Station . right where the old transit map say it would be . they cross to the edge of the platform and look into the river of slime . stantz let 's get a sounding on the depth of that flow . stantz have a long , coiled , graduate cord with a plumb bob on the end of it attach to he utility belt . stantz stand back . he take the cord in he hand , swing the plumb bob over he head and cast it out into the middle of the flow . the plumb bob sink and spengler read the depth . spengler six foot -- seven -- eight -- stantz that 's it . it 's on the bottom . spengler nine foot -- ten -- winston be the line sink ? spengler no , the slime be rise . stantz look down and notice the slime rise over the edge of the platform and around he boot . stantz ( alarmed ) let 's get out of here , boy . he start to pull out the plumb line but it seem to be stick . spengler try to help , but whatever be pull on the cord be stronger than all three of they . as they unseen adversary pull they closer and closer to the edge , stantz work desperately to unhook the cord from he belt but finally just unhook the whole belt . spengler let go in time but Winston do not . he be jerk off he foot and into the slime flow . stantz and spengler look at each other , summon they courage and jump in after he . CUT to : int . armand restaurant - night ( later ) dana and venkman be sit at a table in a elegant restaurant nibble caviar and toast with very expensive champagne . venkman ( very intimate ) here 's to -- we . she sigh and drink . venkman so -- be you make any New Year 's resolution ? dana I want to stop get involved with man who be not good for I . venkman do that start exactly at midnight tomorrow , or could you hold off for a few day maybe ? dana for one night in you life , do you think it 's possible for we to be completely real ? venkman all right , you want to be real ? so tell I why do you dump I ? dana oh , Peter , I do not dump you . I just have to protect myself . you really be not very good for I , you know . venkman I be not even good for I . dana why do you say thing like that ? you be so much better than you know . venkman thank you . if I have that kind of support on a daily basis , I could definitely shape up by the turn of the century . dana ( already feel the effect of the champagne ) so why do not you give I a jingle in the year 2000 ? venkman let I jingle you right now . he lean over to kiss she . dana maybe I should call janine . venkman do not worry . janine have a very special way with child . they kiss . CUT to : int . apartment - night ( same time ) janine be on the sofa do she nail while Louis pace with the baby . janine ( look around ) I can not believe a person could actually live like this . louis ( to the baby ) so this dwarf have a limited partnership in a small mining operation and then one day a beautiful princess come to live with they . janine it 's really not a bad place . it just need a woman 's touch . louis ( continue ) so they barter room and board in exchange for housekeep service , which be a good deal for all of they because then they do not have to withhold tax and social security , which I be not say be right but it 's just a story , so I guess it 's all right . I can finish this later if you be tired . Louis go into the bedroom and put the baby down . janine you be really good with child , Louis . I can tell . ( as he return ) why do not you come here and sit with I ? louis okay . he sit stiffly beside she on the sofa . janine ( get close ) motherhood be a very natural instinct for I . I would like to have a baby myself . would not you ? louis ( gulp ) tonight ? ext . STREET - manhole cover - night ( same time ) a manhole cover be dislodge and push up from below . it slide away , and Winston crawl out of the manhole follow by stantz and spengler . they be exhaust and cover with slime . winston ( uncharacteristically angry ) Nice go , Ray ! what be you try to do -- drow I ? stantz ( unusually mean ) look , Zeddemore , it be not my fault you be too stupid to drop that line . winston ( shove he ) you better watch you mouth , man , or I will punch you light out . stantz oh yeah ? anytime , anytime . just go ahead and try it . spengler step between they with unprecedented aggression . spengler if you two be look for a fight , you get one . ( put up he fist ) who want it first ? come on , Ray . try I , sucker . stantz ( squaring off ) butt out , you pencil - neck geek . I have have it with you . they grab each other and start to tussle . suddenly spengler come to he sense and pull they apart . spengler ( forcefully ) Strip ! right now ! get out of that clothes ! he start yanking off he slicker and wader . bewildere , stantz and Winston start do the same . spengler help pull off they clothes and throw they into the open manhole . now wear only long underwear , they seem to return to normal . winston what be we do ? Ray , I be ready to kill you . stantz do not you see ? it 's the slime . that stuff be like pure , concentrate evil . stantz look around and see that they be stand right in front of the museum . spengler and it 's all flow right to this spot . CUT to : int . armand restaurant entrance - night ( continuous action ) the maitre D ' look up in surprise as stantz , spengler and Winston enter the restaurant wear only long underwear . maitre D ' ( intercept they ) can I help you ? stantz look around and spot venkman . stantz that 's all right , I see he . they blow right by the maitre d' who jump back in horror as they pass . venkman he 's just about to pour more champagne when he see Ray , egon and Winston come toward he through the restaurant . stantz ( very excited ) you should have be there , venkman . absolutely incredible ! venkman yeah , sorry I miss it . ( note they attire ) I guess you guy do not know about the dress code here . it 's really kind of a coat and tie place . stantz it 's all over the city , Pete -- well , under it actually . winston Rivers of the stuff ! spengler and it 's all flow toward the museum . he gesture excitedly and a big gob of slime fly across the room and land on a well - dress diner . stantz ( call out ) sorry ! dana maybe we should discuss this somewhere else . venkman note the look of alarm on dana 's face and pull he colleague aside . venkman ( confidentially ) boy , listen . you be scare the straight . let 's save this until tomorrow , okay ? spengler ( to venkman ) this will not wait until tomorrow , venkman . it 's hot and it 's ready to pop . maitre D ' he hurry through the restaurant with two city cop right behind he and make straight for venkman 's table . maitre d' arrest this man . cop ( recognize they ) hey ! it 's the ghostbuster . you be out of uniform , gentleman stantz suddenly realize how ridiculous they look . stantz ( self-conscious ) uh -- well -- we have a little accident , but forget that . we have to see the mayor as soon as possible . cop look , Doc , why do not you just go home . you will get a good night 's sleep and then you can give the mayor a call in the morning . come on . he take stantz by the arm but stantz resist . stantz we be not go anywhere with you . I tell you we have to see the mayor now . cop ( grab stantz ) I be warning you . you can come along peaceably or -- venkman ( grab the cop ) hey , do not be a idiot . this be serious . cop ( angry ) look , pal , keep this up and you be go with they . venkman oh , yeah ? cop ( have have enough ) yeah , let 's go . you be all under arrest . the cop catch venkman in a armlock and start walk he out of the restaurant . venkman ( to dana ) finish you dessert -- it 's already pay for . I will call you . they all exit , cause a major commotion among the other diner . ext . armand' restaurant - night ( continuous action ) the police car be park right behind ecto - 2 . spengler stop at the police car and confront the cop . spengler look , we be not drunk and we be not crazy . this be a matter of vital importance . venkman step in and look at the policeman 's nametag . cop what be you do ? venkman I just want to get you name right for when the mayor ask we why we do not let he know about this sooner . the cop look at each other , uncertain about what to do . cop ( relenting ) okay , Doc . you want to see the mayor , you get it . follow we . they head for they respective vehicle . CUT to : int . venkman' loft - night ( same time ) Louis and janine be on the sofa make out when dana enter . they jump up and start smoothing they clothes . louis ( embarrassed ) oh , hello , dana . we be just -- we be -- dana I know what you be do , Louis . it 's all right . janine how be you date ? dana typical . Peter be arrest . have he call ? louis no , nobody call . dana frown . dana be everything all right with oscar ? janine oh , he 's fine . he 's such a good baby . he be a little fussy at first , but we give he a freach bread pizza and he go right to sleep . dana ( relieved ) oh , good . I will just check on he . she cross to the bedroom . int . venkman' bedroom - night ( continuous action ) dana look at oscar sleep peacefully on the bed . she start to change clothes . int . venkman' live room - night ( same time ) Louis and janine be not sure what to do . louis should we go ? janine I do not think we should leave she alone . louis you be right . we should stay . he grab janine and they start make out again . CUT to : int . museum restoration studio - night ( same time ) janosz stand before the painting of vigo . vigo come to life and repeat the litany of he power . vigo I , vigo , the scourge of carpathia -- janosz ( hear all this before ) yes , the scourge -- vigo -- the sorrow of moldavia -- janosz -- the sorrow -- vigo I command you . janosz ( check he watch ) I await the word of vigo . vigo the season of evil begin with the birth of the new year . bring I the child that I might live again . janosz ( abjectly humble ) Lord vigo , the mother , dana , be fine and strong . I be wonder -- well , would it be possible -- if I bring the baby , could I have the woman ? vigo so be it . on this the day of darkness , she will be ours , wife to you and mother to I . CUT to : ext . carl schurz park - night ( later ) preceded by a police car , ecto - 2 enter the small park on the East River at 88th Street and disappear into a underground entrance . the camera pan up to reveal Gracie mansion , the residence of the Mayor of New York City . int . gracie mansion - moment later the ghostbuster , now wear police raincoat over they longjohn be ushere through the house by a butler to a set of double oak door . the butler knock lightly , then open the door to reveal the mayor sit in front of the fireplace in he well - appoint private study , flanke by Jack hardemeyer , both in tuxedoe . the ghostbuster enter . int . study - continuous action the Mayor be impatient and a little angry at have be pull out of he formal reception . he frown at they bizarre attire . mayor all right -- the ghostbuster . I will tell you right now ; I have get two hundred of the heaviest campaign contributor in the city out there eat bad roast chicken wait for I to give the speech of my life . you have get two minute . make it good . stantz you get enough negative energy flow in a dense environment like Manhattan , it start to build up , and if we do not do something fast this whole place will blow like a frog on a hotplate . winston tell he about the toaster . venkman I do not think he 's ready for the toaster . mayor ( shaking he head ) be miserable and treat other people like dirt be every New Yorker 's god-given right . what be I suppose to do -- go on television and tell eight million people they have to be nice to each other ? I be sorry , none of this make any sense to I , and if anything do happen we have get plenty of pay professional to deal with it . you two minute be up . good night , gentleman . the mayor exit , leave the ghostbuster to hardemeyer . hardemeyer ( smirk ) that 's quite a story . venkman yeah , I think the Times might be interested , do not you ? the Post might have a lot of fun with it , too . hardemeyer 's eye go cold and calculate . hardemeyer before you go run to the newspaper with this , would you consider tell this slime thing to some people downtown ? venkman now you be talk . CUT to : int . parkview hospital - psychiatric ward - night ( later ) a attendant open a lock door with a wire mesh window and the ghostbuster , in straitjacket , be lead into the psych ward as hardemeyer confer with the chief psychiatrist . winston ( protest ) I be tell you , we be not crazy . he be ! hardemeyer he laugh off the remark . hardemeyer ( to the psychiatrist ) the mayor want they keep under strict observation for a few day . we think they be seriously disturb and potentially dangerous . psychiatrist we will do whatever 's necessary . hardemeyer shake he hand and exit as the door slam shut on the ghostbuster . int . venkman' loft - night ( same time ) Louis and janine be watch a old rerun on tv , eat popcorn , while dana be stretch out on the other sofa . dana ( wishing they would leave ) you know you really do not have to stay . Peter should be back soon . louis oh no , we do not mind . she hear a little cry from the nursery and sit up . dana Excuse I . I think oscar be up . she cross to the bedroom . int . venkman' bedroom - night ( continuous action ) dana enter and immediately notice that the crib be empty and the window be open . dana ( scream ) Louis ! frantic now , dana rush to the window and look out , as Louis and janine come run in . ext . window ledge - dana' Pov - night ( eclipse ) the baby be stand out on the ledge at the corner of the building , fifty foot above the street , stare off into the distance as if he 's wait for something . ext . window ledge - night ( eclipse ) ( continuous action ) dana climb out onto the ledge and start inching slowly toward the baby . then she stop as a miraculous apparition materialize . louis and janine they lean out the window , gape at the apparition . ext . venkman' ledge - apparition a sweet , kindly - look English nanny appear , push a pram , strolling on thin air parallel to the ledge high above the ground . her face look remarkably like janosz poha 's . the nanny extend she hand to the baby who gurgle sweetly as he reach out to take it . dana she watch in helpless horror . dana ( scream ) no !! ghost nanny she pick up the baby and lay it gently in the pram , then turn and smile at dana . the smile turn to a hideous grin , then the nanny shriek at dana and take off like a shot with the baby . dana she watch the creature fly off with oscar , then climb back through the window assist by Louis and janine . dana ( resolutely ) Louis , you have to find Peter and tell he what happen . louis ( confuse and worried ) where be you go ? dana to get my baby back . CUT to : ext . museum - night ( a little later ) a taxi pull up , dana jump out and rush into the museum . the moment the door close behind she , there be a loud thunderclap , the ground tremble and a massive amount of slime erupt from around the base of the museum and start cover the wall , sealing she inside the building . CUT to : int . parkview psychiatric - padd room - night ( same time ) venkman , stantz , spengler and Winston be in a padded cell . they be handcuff and the cuff be chain to thick leather belt around they waist . venkman stand there bang he head into the padded wall while the other try to explain the situation to a skeptical psychiatrist . stantz we think the spirit of vigo the carpathian be alive in a painting at the Manhattan Museum . psychiatrist I see . and be there any other painting in the museum with bad spirit in they ? spengler ( impatient ) you be waste valuable time ! we have reason to believe that vigo be draw strength from a psychomagnetheric slime flow that 's be collect under the city . psychiatrist yes , tell I about the slime . winston it 's potent stuff . we make a toaster dance with it , then a bathtub try to eat he friend 's baby . the psychiatrist look at venkman . venkman do not look at I . I think they be nut . CUT to : int . museum restoration studio - night ( same time ) moonlight stream through the skylight above , bathing the studio in eerie white light . oscar be lie safely on a table in front of the painting of vigo . dana enter cautiously and see the baby . see no one else about , she quickly sneak down to the table and pick up the baby , hugging hin tight , greatly relieved to find he unharme and intact . janosz ( o.s. ) I know you would come . startle , dana turn at the sound of he voice as janosz step out from behind the vigo painting . dana ( defiantly ) what do you want with my baby ? janosz no harm will come to the child . you might even say it 's a privilege . he will be the vessel for the spirit of vigo . and you -- well , you will be the mother of the ruler of the world . do not that sound nice ? dana if this be what the world will be like , I do not want to live in it . janosz ( confidentially , indicate vigo ) I do not believe we have the luxury of choice . dana everybody have a choice . janosz not in this case , my dear . take a look . that 's not gainsborough 's Blue Boy up there . he 's vigo ! dana I do not care who he be . he 's not take my baby . dana walk quickly to the door but suddenly oscar fly out of she arm , float across the room and land lightly back in the cradle . dana she turn and look at vigo , for the first time feel he power . janosz you will see . it 's all for the best . CUT to : ext . parkview hospital - day ( next morning ) it 's the last day of the year and the sun be shine brightly . CUT to : int . parkview psychiatric ward - day ( same time ) the ghostbuster be sit in the dayroom , a dingy lounge for patient in the lock ward . there be a television set , a ping - pong table and a few table and chair . stantz be look at the sky through the heavy wire mesh cover the window . stantz this be it . boy . it 's start . shit-storm 2000 . venkman be do occupational therapy , weaving on a little hand - loom . venkman it better not start yet . I be try to finish my potholder before lunch . winston you think all that prediction about the world come to a end in the 1990 be true ? a patient at the next table join the discussion . patient ( with certainty ) 1997 . my dog tell I . venkman what kind of dog ? patient labrador . venkman ( shake he head ) habitual liar . they can not help it . it 's in the breed . CUT to : int . parkview hospital - examining room - day ( same time ) Louis be plead with he cousin , sherman tully , a doctor on the staff at parkview . he look and sound just like Louis . louis come on , sherm . you be my cousin . do this for I . I be begging you . sherman I can not do it , Louis . it be not ethical . I could lose my license . louis why can not you just have they release ? you be a doctor . sherman I be a dermatologist . I can not write order on the psych ward . louis sherman , I have do lot of favor for you . sherman like what ? louis I get you out of that bad tax shelter . sherman you be the one who get I in . louis I fix you up with Diane troxler and she put out , do not she ? sherman yeah , I have to give she free dermabrasion for a year . forget it , Louis . I could get in a lot of trouble . louis I be tell you , we be all go to be in big trouble if we do not do something fast . that ghost guy come and take my friend 's baby and we get to get it back . it 's just a scared little baby , sherm . sherman then you should go to the police . I do not believe in any of that stuff . sherman look out the window . ext . sky - sherman' Pov the sky begin to go dark as the sun be magically eclipse . int . examining room - continuous action - day the room go dark . Louis switch on a lamp which cast a eerie light on he face . louis ( spooky ) do you believe it now , sherm ? CUT to : ext . hudson river pier - night ( eclipse ) a drainpipe start drip slime into the river near the cunard line dock . CUT to : ext . public fountain ( 59th and fifth ) - night ( eclipse ) with the Plaza Hotel in the background , the fountain start to spout psycho-reactive slime . HOTEL entrance a well - heele man and woman step out of a limousine and walk up the step toward the revolve door . she look up at the sky and frown . woman ( shrewish ) I tell you we should have stay in Palm Beach . the weather here get stranger every year . man yes , dear . she do not notice it , but a small amount of slime fall on the back of she luxurious , full - length , white mink coat . the doorman nod courteously and extend a hand to help she up the stair . woman she yelp in pain . woman ( to the doorman ) something just bit I ! the doorman look curiously at she , then recoil in shock as she coat come alive . mink head pop out of the thick fur , snarling , barking and yapping , they sharp , little tooth bite the air . reacting quickly , the doorman yank the coat off the woman 's back , throw it to the ground and start stomping on it as the woman and she husband look on in horror . the coat scuttle down the step and run off down the street . CUT to : int . midtown central police precinct - night ( eclipse ) the squad room be busy as detective try to answer the flood of call regard the wave of supernatural event sweeping the city . detective one ( on the phone ) look , lady , of course there be dead people there . it 's a cemetery ... ( he face fall ) they be ask you for direction ? detective two ( on another phone ) be this a big dinosaur or a little dinosaur ? ... oh , just the skeleton , huh ? well , where be it now ? detective three ( on the phone ) wait a second -- the park bench be chase you ? you mean , someone be chase you in the park ... no , the bench itself be chase you . I see -- a weary sergeant answer a ringing phone . sergeant Manhattan Central , flaherty speak ... yeah ... yeah ? ... what ? who be this ? ... wait a second . he put the caller on " hold " and turn the lieutenant . sergeant Lieutenant , I think you better talk to this guy . lieutenant ( on another call ) what be it ? I be talkin ' here ! sergeant it 's some dock supervisor down at pier 34 on the Hudson . the guy 's go nut . lieutenant what 's the problem ? sergeant ( take a deep breath ) he say the Titanic just arrive . int . port authority office - night ( eclipse ) the dock supervisor stand there with the phone in he hand , a assistant beside he , both stare out the window at the ocean liner tie up at the pier . ext . pier 34 - there Pov - night ( eclipse ) the name " R.M.S. Titanic " be clearly visible on the side of the huge ship . the gangplank be down and dozen of drown passenger , sopping wet and festoon with seaweed , be disembark while drown porter off - load they waterlogged baggage . CUT to : ext . parkview hospital - night ( moment later ) ( eclipse ) ecto -2 be park outside as Louis and sherman come out of the hospital with the ghostbuster , now wear they standard uniform . stantz good work , Louis . how do you get we out ? louis oh , I pull a few string . I would not want to say any more than that . Louis wink conspiratorially at sherman . louis this be my cousin sherman . sherm , say hello to the ghostbuster . ( sotto voce to stantz ) I promise he a ride in the car if he get you out . sherman ( to the ghostbuster ) hi , it 's really great to meet you guy . I know this sound weird but once I have a dream that my grandfather be stand at the foot of my bed , but I know it be impossible because he die and he start to tell I that -- while he 's talk , the ghostbuster jump in the ectomobile and drive off , leave he and Louis stand at the curb . louis hey ! wait ! okay , I will meet you there . sherman I think you be like the fifth ghostbuster . louis I let they handle all the little stuff . I just come in on the big one . CUT to : ----------------------------------------------------------------------- ( original version of the above scene - 11/27/88 ) ( transcriber's note : this two version of this scene be put in my copy of the script , so I have include both of they here ) louis actually , they still think you be crazy , but I convinced they you be not dangerous . venkman ( determine ) yeah , well guess again . ext . bellevue hospital - night ( eclipse ) ( moment later ) ecto -2 be park outside and the ghostbuster be hastily don they standard uniform . louis I bring everything you ask for and I gass up the car with Super unlead . it cost twenty cent more than regular unlead but you get much better performance and in a old car like this that will end up save you money in the long run . I put it on my credit card , so you can either reimburse I or I can take it out of petty cash -- while he 's talk , the ghostbuster jump in the ecto - 2 and drive off without he . louis hey ! wait ! okay , I will meet you there . CUT to : ----------------------------------------------------------------------- ext . museum - night ( eclipse ) ( later ) ecto - 2 pull to the curb across the street from the museum . hundred of spectator be already there gawk at the building as the ghostbuster jump out and gape at the sight that greet they . ext . museum there Pov - build the building be now totally cover in a shell of psycho-reactive slime . CITY workmen and firemen be try to cut they way in with blowtorch , jackhammer , power tool and the " jaw of life , " but they can not even make a dent . ghostbuster they size up the situation as they don they proton pack . stantz it look like a giant jello mold . venkman I hate jello . they stride manfully across the street and approach the main entrance to the museum . stantz ( to the Fire Captain ) okay , give it a rest , Captain . we will take it from here . FIRE captain ( skeptical ) be my guest . we be cut here for three hour . what the hell 's go on ? you know the Titanic arrive this morning ? venkman well , better late than never . the workmen and firemen put down they tool and fall back as the ghostbuster draw they particle thrower . spengler ( monitoring valence ) full neutronas , maser assist . they adjust they setting and prepare to fire . stantz throw them ! they trigger they thrower and spray the front door of the building with bolt of proton energy , but it have no effect on the harden slime . venkman ( to the firemen ) okay , who know " cumbaya ? " a few of the firemen and workmen tentatively raise they hand . venkman grab they and line they up at the entrance of the museum . venkman all right . Nice and sweet -- ( start sing ) cumbaya , milord , cumbaya -- stantz , spengler , Winston and the firemen sing along , reluctantly hold hand and sway to the music . all ( sing ) cumbaya , milord , cumbaya , cumbaya , milord , cumbaya , oh , Lord , cumbaya . stantz inspect the wall of slime with he infra-goggles and find that they have only manage to open a hole the size of a dime . stantz forget it . the Vienna boy choir could not get through this stuff . venkman good effort . now what ? should we say supportive , nurture thing to it , Ray ? spengler it will not work . there 's no way we could generate enough positive energy to crack that shell . stantz I can not believe thing have get so bad in this city that there 's no way back . sure , it 's crowded , it 's dirty , it 's noisy . and there be too many people who would just as soon step on you face as look at you . but there have get to be a few spark of sweet humanity leave in this burn - out burg . we just have to mobilize it . spengler we need something that everyone can get behind , a symbol -- his eye fall on ecto - 2 's New York State license plate which feature a line draw of the statue of Liberty . stantz ( he see it , too ) something that appeal to the best in each and every one of we -- spengler something good -- venkman and pure -- winston and decent . ext . the STREET - night ( same time ) there be a commotion among the crowd as the Mayor 's limousine arrive with a police escort . Jack hardemeyer step out follow by the Mayor himself and they cross to the museum entrance . hardemeyer , he assistant and several police bodyguard confront the ghostbuster . hardemeyer look , I have have it with you . get you stuff together , get back in that clown car and get out of here . this be a city matter and everything 's under control . venkman oh , you think so ? well , I have get news for you . you have get dracula 's brother - in - law in there and he 's get my girlfriend and she kid . around about midnight tonight , when you be party uptown , this guy 's go to come to life and start do amateur head transplant . and that 's just round one . mayor be you tell I there be people trap in there ? hardemeyer ( to he assistant ) this be dynamite . call a.p. , u.p.i. , and c.n.n. and get they down here right away . when the police bring this kid out I want they to hand it right to the mayor and I want it all on camera . stantz Mr. Mayor , if we do not do something by midnight , you be go to go down in history as the man who let New York get suck down into the tenth level of hell . the Mayor stop to consider the situation . mayor ( to the Fire Captain ) can you get into that museum ? FIRE captain if I have a nuclear warhead , maybe . the Mayor turn to venkman . mayor you know why all this thing be happen ? venkman we try to tell you last night , but Mr. hard - on over here pack we off to the loony bin . hardemeyer flip out . hardemeyer this be preposterous ! you can not seriously believe all this mumbo-jumbo ! it 's the twentieth century , for cry out loud ! ( viciously , to venkman ) look , mister , I do not know what this stuff be or how you get it all over the museum , but you better get it off and I mean right now ! he pound the wall of slime with he fist , and they all watch in amazement as he fist go through the wall and he be suck bodily through the slime curtain . only he shoe can be see , embed in the slime . mayor ( to venkman ) okay , just tell I what you need . CUT to : ext . LIBERTY island ( new york harbor ) - night with the city skyline in the b.g. , the ghostbuster prepare they equipment . each of they don a makeshift backpack consist of tank , hose , nozzle and a abundance of gauge , valve and regulator . venkman look up at the statue of Liberty loom above they . venkman kind of make you wonder , do not it ? winston wonder what ? venkman if she 's naked under that toga . she 's french , you know . spengler there 's nothing under that toga but 300 ton of iron and steel . stantz be look worried . stantz I hope we have enough stuff to do the job . venkman only one way to find out . ( to stantz ) ready , teddy ? they enter the statue . CUT to : int . statue of LIBERTY - moment later the ghostbuster be work from the iron staircase that spiral straight up 100 foot inside the hollow super- structure of the statue . spengler and Winston be busy assemble hundred of wire connect to various relay on the interior surface of the statue . venkman and stantz be mount large auditorium loudspeaker near the top of the staircase . they finish the installation , then stantz don one of the new backpack and give the order . stantz okay , boy . let 's frost it . they begin hose the inside of the statue with the psycho-reactive slime . CUT to : int . firehouse - night ( same time ) janine watch as Louis , wear a ghostbuster uniform , sling a heavy proton pack onto he back . janine I be not sure this be such a good idea ? do they know you be do this ? louis oh , yeah , sure -- no . but there 's really not much to do here and they might need some back - up at the museum . janine you be very brave , Louis . good luck . she kiss Louis and he get extremely self - conscious . louis uh -- oh -- well , I better hurry . he rush out . ext STREET outside firehouse - night ( little later ) Louis stand on the street corner wait for a bus . finally , a bus pull up , Louis climb aboard and find slimer behind the wheel . CUT to : int . statue of LIBERTY - observation deck - moment later venkman , stantz , spengler and Winston be stand in the observation window in the crown of the statue . it look like they be on the bridge of a ocean liner , then the camera pull back to reveal the head of the statue . stantz he plug the main cable lead into a transformer . stantz it 's all yours , pete. ( check he watch ) there 's not much time leave . venkman plug the speaker cable into a walkman and give a downbeat . venkman ( give the downbeat ) okay , one , two , three , four -- he hit " play " on the walkman and " higher and higher " boom from the huge speaker , amplify by the statue 's vast hollow interior . int . observation deck - night ( continuous action ) the head of the statue lurch suddenly , but the ghostbuster cling to the rail and manage to keep they foot . stantz she 's move ! winston I have live in New York all my life and I never visit the statue of Liberty . now I finally get here and we be take she out for a walk . spengler ( read the giga-meter ) we have get full power . stantz pick up a nintendo control paddle from a home video game and start push the button . venkman ( into a microphone ) okay , Libby . let 's get it in gear . they feel a strong vibration and the statue start to move . CUT to : ext . south STREET seaport - night New year Eve celebrant line the riverfront , point and gawk at a incredible sight . ext . east river - there Pov - night ( continuous action ) the statue be move up the river almost completely submerge , only she head from the nose up be visible above the surface . int . observation deck - night ( continuous action ) Winston look out apprehensively . winston how deep do it get ? that water 's cold and I can not swim . venkman it 's okay . I have my senior lifesave card . spengler with a water temperature of forty degree we would survive approximately fifteen minute . stantz study a maritime navigational chart . stantz I will keep to the middle of the channel . we be okay to 59th Street , then we will go ashore and take first Avenue to 79th . venkman be you kid ? we will hit all that bridge traffic at 59th . I be go to take 72nd straight up to fifth . trust I , I use to drive a cab . CUT to : ext . riverfront - night ( same time ) spectator cheer wildly , inspire by the sight of the statue . CUT to : int . museum restoration studio - night ( same time ) janosz be sit next to dana , still wheedling she with promise and self - serve logic . janosz time be run out , dana . soon it will be midnight and the city will be mine -- and vigo 's . well , mainly vigo 's . but we have a spectacular opportunity to make the best of we relationship . dana we do not have a relationship . janosz I know . marry I , dana , and together we will raise vigo as we son . there be many perk that come with be the mother of a live god . I be sure he will supply for we a magnificent apartment . and perhaps a car and free parking . dana I hate and despise you and everything you stand for with all my heart and soul . I could never forgive what you have do to I and my child . janosz many marriage begin with a certain amount of distance , but after a while I believe we could learn to love each other . think about it . dana I would rather not . CUT to : ext . time square - night ( same time ) people be jamme together shoulder to shoulder fill Times Square , watch the big seiko clock count down the last ten minute to midnight . suddenly , they look down Broadway and see a magnificent sight . ext . broadway - night ( continuous action ) the statue of Liberty be walk up Broadway approach 42nd Street , with " Higher and Higher " booming from the speaker inside . a great cheer go up , and the crowd go wild with joy , dance and sing along with the music . int . statue of LIBERTY observation deck - night ( continuous ) spengler read the giga-meter . spengler it 's work . the positive gev 's be climb . venkman ( patting the statue ) they love you , lib . keep it up . CUT to : ext . fifth avenue - night ( later ) the avenue have be close to traffic and barricade place , block all the side street . a squadron of police motorcycle come speed around the corner at 72nd Street and proceed up fifth Avenue in the direction of the museum . then music be hear booming in the distance , the ground shake and the statue of Liberty come walk around the corner onto fifth Avenue follow by a wildly cheer throng . CUT to : int . observation deck - night ( continuous action ) the ghostbuster can see the museum ahead . venkman so far so good . spengler ( worried ) I be worried . the vibration could shake she to piece . we should have padded she foot . stantz I do not think they make nike in she size . venkman we be almost there , lib. ( to stantz ) step on it . ext . STREET - night ( continuous action ) the statue 's huge foot come down and squash a car . int . observation deck - night ( continuous action ) the ghostbuster look down at the flatten car . stantz ( shout out the window ) my fault ! venkman ( shout ) she 's new in town . CUT to : int . museum - restoration studio - same time janosz be painting the last of the mystical symbol on the baby 's chest . CUT to : ext . time square - night ( same time ) the people still in the square start count off the last ten second to midnight and the New Year . crowd ( chant ) ten .. nine ... eight ... seven ... CUT to : int . museum - painting - night a strange light spread over the painting . as the light move onto he face , vigo spread he arm wide and he upper body start to emerge from the canvas . vigo soon my life begin . then woe to the weak , all power to I , the world be mine . int . museum - janosz - night the baby 's body begin to glow as vigo reach out for it . then suddenly a dark shadow fall across the skylight . janosz look up . int . museum - janosz be Pov - skylight - night the statue of Liberty be loom over the skylight look down on janosz with a expression of righteous anger on it 's face . ext . museum - night ( continuous action ) kneel beside the museum , the statue draw back it 's mighty right arm and smashes the skylight with its torch . int . restoration studio - night ( continuous action ) janosz retreat from the shower of break glass as the ghostbuster come slide down rope into the studio and confront janosz with they new weapon . Quick as a flash , dana seize the moment , dash across the studio and snatch the baby from vigo 's outstretch arm . venkman ( to janosz ) happy New Year . int . museum - vigo painting - night ( continuous action ) vigo bellow in rage . int . museum - studio - night ( continuous action ) janosz step in front of the painting . spengler hi there . feel free to try something stupid . janosz sneer , trust the invincibility of vigo . janosz you pitiful , miserable creature ! you dare to challenge the power of darkness ? do not you realize what you be deal with ? he 's vigo ! you be like the buzzing of fly to he . venkman ( sigh ) oh , johnny . do you back the wrong horse . with that , the ghostbuster fire they slime - blower and hose janosz from head to toe , blow he into the corner . then they turn to vigo . vigo he be now almost completely out of the painting , but still hold from the knee down . he spit and rage at the ghostbuster , try to unleash he magic power . the ghostbuster they stand fast , secure in the knowledge that vigo 's power have be neutralize by the good will of the people . stantz vigi , vigi , vigi -- you have be a bad little monkey . venkman the whole city 's together on this one . we take a vote . everybody 's down on you , you know . winston ( arming he slime - blower ) say goodnight now . suddenly vigo grab stantz by the neck and hold he up as a shield . spengler do not shoot ! you will hit Ray ! stantz ( strangling ) do it ! just do it ! Winston fire and hose both vigo and Ray . vigo he bellow and drop Ray , then fall back into the painting . int . museum - painting - night the paint turn liquid , melt off the canvas and run onto the floor revealing another painting underneath it . int . museum - ghostbuster - night ( after battle ) venkman , spengler and Winston rush over to Ray and kneel beside he . he be completely cover with slime and motionless . spengler ( examine he ) he 's breathe . Winston wipe the slime off Ray 's face and Ray open he eye . winston Ray -- Ray -- how do you feel , man ? stantz ( smile lovingly ) groovy . I have never feel better in my life . venkman oh , no . we have get to live with this ? they pull he to he foot . stantz I love you guy . you be the best friend I have ever have . he hug they each in turn , leave they slime as well . venkman recoil in disgust . venkman hey , I just have this suit clean . ( indicate janosz ) take care of the wiggler , will you . venkman cross to dana who be snuggling the baby . she hug venkman . venkman what be this -- a love in ? ( note the symbol paint on the baby 's body ) hey , sailor . I think the tattoo be a little much , do not you ? he pick up the baby . dana ( to venkman ) I think he like you . I think I do too . venkman finally come to you sense , huh ? they hug and kiss . spengler , winston and stantz they help janosz to he foot . he 's daze but unhurt . janosz ( restore to normalcy ) what happen ? stantz ( calmly ) Sir , you have a violent , prolong , transformative psychic episode . but it 's over now . want a coffee ? janosz ( extremely nice ) that 's very kind of you . spengler ( to stantz ) he 's fine , Ray . physically intact , psychomagnetherically neutral . janosz be that good ? winston it 's where you want to be . as they exit they stop to examine the painting that be conceal by vigo 's self - portrait . spengler late Renaissance , I think . caravaggio or brunelleschi . winston ( stare at it ) there 's something very familiar about this painting . int . museum - new painting - night it 's a beautiful painting in the high - Renaissance style depict four archangel hover protectively over a cherubic baby . one hold a harp , one , a olive branch , the third , a book , and the last , a sword . most remarkably , they face bear a uncanny resemblance to venkman , stantz , spengler and Winston . CUT to : ext . STREET - night ( same time ) a city bus pull up near the museum and Louis step off . he wave he thanks to slimer who be behind the wheel . louis ( to slimer ) okay , so Monday night we will get something to eat and maybe go bowl ? can you bowl with that little arm ? slimer grunt and slobber a reply , flex he scrawny biceps . louis okay , I have to go save dana . I will see you later . CUT to : ext . museum - night ( little later ) the ghostbuster be greet by wild cheer and applause as they come out the main entrance with dana and the baby . everybody start sing " auld lang syne . " Louis pick he way through the celebrate crowd and find the ghostbuster . louis be I too late ? stantz no , you be right on time . stantz pop the cork on a bottle of champagne and hand it to he . ext . museum entrance - night ( same time ) hardemeyer stagger out of the museum cover in slime . he look at the celebrate crowd and he eye fill with tear . hardemeyer ( weepy ) happy New Year , everybody ! he join in on " auld lang syne . " CUT to : ext . central park - night ( later ) the statue of Liberty be sprawle inert on she back in the park behind the museum , she toga up over she knee . the Mayor look nearly suicidal . the ghostbuster stand beside he commiserate . venkman she 's all right . she 's just sleep it off . mayor ( stricken ) we just have it restore . venkman this probably be not a good time to bring this up , but the last time we do a job for the city you stiffe we . stantz ( hand the Mayor a invoice ) this be a bill for tonight 's job . the Mayor look at it and gasp at the amount . mayor what ! this be way too much . ( hand the bill back to venkman ) we will not pay . venkman look at the statue . venkman ( to stantz ) I think she look pretty good here , do not you ? stantz yeah , and a lot easier to get to than that island . realizing he have no alternative , the Mayor sigh and take the bill back . mayor all right , all right . if you can wait until Monday I will issue you a check . spengler sorry . no check . company policy . CUT to : ext . LIBERTY island - day ( week later ) the sun be shine brightly and Liberty be back on she pedestal where she belong . the Mayor and a host of official be commemorate she return . the ghostbuster , dana , janine and Louis be there as honore guest . venkman ( look up at the statue ) pretty impressive , huh ? spengler ( muse ) it 's probably the first thing my grandparent see when they come to this country . venkman from where -- Neptune ? spengler they come from ostrov in Eastern Poland . venkman ostrov ? I have be there . good party town . stantz ( in a similarly reflective mood ) my great - grandparent be swiss . I still have the picture they take of the statue from the boat when they arrive . venkman oh , right , you tell I that . they come to America seek other kind of cheese , as I recall . how about you , Winston ? winston my people be not take any picture from that slave ship , man . and there be not any statue in Charleston Harbor to welcome they , either . what be you , dana ? venkman miss Blue blood ? her family 's be here since the year 12 . dana that 's not true . it be 1620 . venkman same difference . stantz what 's you story , Pete ? venkman I ? I be a little of everything . some irish , some german , some french , dutch -- the woman in my family sleep around . and that 's what make this country great . dana that 's a terrible thing to say . venkman so what ? it 's a free country . ( look up at the statue ) thanks , lib . they all look up at the statue . ext . statue of LIBERTY - head of statue - day slimer fly out one of the observation window , theme music kick in and the camera pull up and away from the island to a high shot of the statue , lower Manhattan and the shine sea beyond . fade out . the end