" ghost world " by daniel clowe and terry zwigoff open title sequence - evening we move through the city in a series of brief shot that define and establish we set , from commercial district to residential neighborhood . eventually we find ourselves move down a street of two -story apartment building . many of the window be light from within by a eerie blue light . as we track past at window - level we see : a glum , sedate - look couple watch tv . a ignore toddler run amok behind they as a cheery commercial play .. a empty room ... a large , hirsute man , wear only lycra jogging short , watch the Home Shopping Network while eat mashed potato with he finger ... a daze old woman stare out the window . the silhouette of a teenage girl dance by herself . we enter she room and see the tv screen . the source of the theme music be a video of a insane East indian production number from the 1960' . the room be cluttere with heaps of clothes , old record , odd knick -knack . we see she silhouett back as she dance along to the video while try on a graduation cap and gown . ext . high school graduation - afternoon next day . a modern high school auditorium . over the entrance a banner with a " coca cola " logo read : " graduation today 2 pm . " int . high school auditorium - same day a graduation ceremony be in progress . we dolly past the bland face of teary - eye graduate until we stop on enid . at first , we only see the top of she mortarboard ; as she lift she head we see that she 's try desperately not to laugh . she make eye-contact with rebecca , another graduate , who be also try to stifle she laughter . the speaker be in a elaborate wheelchair with severe- look traction device . speaker High school be like the training wheel for the bicycle of real life . it be a time for young people to explore different field of interest and to hopefully grow from they experience . after all , that which we learn from we mistake can be as valuable as what we learn from we textbooks , and often we can turn the negative experience that be common to all high - schooler into positive step toward personal growth and achievement . in come to term with my own personal setback , which I be sure you have all hear about , I have be able to learn a lot about myself . I have learn for one thing that I do not need to rely on drug and alcohol ( applause ) and that I be very lucky - that more people besides carrie and myself be not hurt in the accident ; I have learn that I be bless with wonderful parent , teacher and above all the best classmate in the world -- I love each and every one of you guy !! ( applause ) and I have learn that to get through life 's obstacle you need faith , hope and , most of all , a sense of humor . ( big applause ) a trio of teenage girl ( one white , one asian , one black ) come run out from the wing and start dance and rapping . the audience love they . ebony no more education ... vanilla it 's time for celebration ... jade ' cause this be the day of we high school graduation ... ebony we have stay for the duration ... vanilla achieve matriculation ... jade now we be the newest member of the general population ... ext . high school auditorium - late afternoon the auditorium door open and graduate emerge . enid &amp ; Rebecca run away from the crowd , triumphantly hold roll up diploma . they run toward the school playground , nearly burst with excitement over they long - await release . enid stop and look back at the school . she give it the finger . they sit on a see-saw , out of breath . enid God , what a bunch of retard ... rebecca I think chipmunk - face be never go to shut up . enid I know , I like she better when she be a alcoholic crack addict ! she get in one car wreck and all of a sudden she 's Little miss perfect and everybody love she . rebecca it 's totally sicken . ( she unroll she diploma ) let 's see if they give I the right diploma ... enid open hers . instead of a diploma , it 's a official looking document with a pink Post - it note on the front page . enid what ?... oh suck my fuck dick ! rebecca what ? enid this asshole be say that I have to go to summer school and take some stupid art class ! rebecca why ? enid remember that stupid hippie art teacher who fail I sophomore year ? I do not think that just because you get a " F " that mean you have to take the class over again . rebecca you loser . ext . " day inn " HOTEL - evening the sign read " welcome graduate " . int . " day inn " HOTEL - evening Party in progress in the " gold room " . a band play top - 40 " lite " rock rebecca ( watch band ) this be so bad , it 's almost good . enid this be so bad it 's go past good and back to bad again ... close - up on enid , we see the party from she Pov : the six or seven most popular student huddle closely together . enid just think , we will never have to see any of this creepy face ever again . rebecca unless they be in you summer school class ! enid shut up ! rebecca uh oh ... do not turn around ... enid what ? why ? rebecca forget it ... melorra , a ambitious , incessantly upbeat classmate , approach they . melorra oh my God , you guy ! I can not believe we make it ! enid yeah , we graduate high school -- how totally amazing . melorra so what be you guy do this summer ? enid nothing . melorra I be go to be in this actor 's workshop , and I be hope to start go on audition soon . I be so excited to finally have some free time . we have to get together this summer ! enid oh yeah , that will definitely happen ... melorra ( spot better people to talk to ) well , bye you guy ... congratulation ! melorra leave . enid since when be she a " actress " ? rebecca I know , she need to die immediately . todd , a friendly but slightly below - average - look guy , approach from behind . todd hey Rebecca ! rebecca oh ... hi ... todd ( pause ) so ... we finally -- enid what about I ? be I not even here ? todd oh , hey enid ... ( start over ) so ... we finally make it ! rebecca yep . todd ( awkward pause ) so ... where be you go to college ? enid ( before Rebecca can answer ) we be not . todd really ? both of you ?... why not ? enid just because . rebecca we have other plan . todd I guess I should have figure that you two would do something different . enid what be you go to be when you grow up , Todd ? todd well I be go to major in Business administration and , I think , minor in Communications . enid see , that 's exactly the kind of thing we be try to avoid . ( pause ) Todd start to talk again but enid have notice something off to the side . todd so ... I -- enid grab Rebecca and turn she away from Todd before he can finish he sentence . enid oh my god , look ! be stacy himmler go out with Rod harbaugh ? rebecca how perfect . enid he better watch out or he will get aids when he date-rape she . Todd , forget , walk away . the singer wail a sappy , maudlin ballad . enid spot dennis , the class loser , wander around by himself . enid God , just think , we will never see Dennis again . rebecca good . enid God , think about that ... that 's actually totally depress . int . the quality cafe - day the quality cafe be enid and Rebecca ' 's hangout . a 50 - ish man with shave head , and he vaguely diabolical wife sit eat lunch . enid be draw a picture of they in she sketchbook when Rebecca arrive . rebecca hi. enid look at this people behind you . I be totally convinced they be Satanists . rebecca why ? enid just look at they ! rebecca turn and make eye contact with mr . satanist . she calmly turn back to face enid before crack up . rebecca so , when be we go to start look for we apartment ? enid soon ... I have to wait and see how this summer class go . rebecca do you sign up yet ? enid yeah , I just pick the one that sound the easiest . rebecca God , it 's so weird that we be finally out of high school ... we have be wait for this we whole life ! now we can get we own apartment and do anything we want . it 's such a weird feel . enid I know , it have not really hit I yet . enter JOHN ellis , a obnoxious young man with a perpetual smirk . JOHN well , if it be not enid and Rebecca , the little jewish girl and she Aryan friend . enid you be late , asshole . JOHN Fine , and how be you ? enid do you bring that tape ? he put a videotape on the table , just out of reach . JOHN you never pay I for that tape with the indian dance routine . enid I do too ! JOHN tsk ! you Jews be so clever with money ... enid fuck you , you stupid redneck hick ! rebecca hey , look , the satanist be leave ! enid we should follow they ! as the satanist walk outside , they open umbrella , even though it 's a bright , sunny day . rebecca totally ... oh my God , look ! the girl get up to follow they . enid grab the videotape . enid ( to John ) thanks for the tape - I will have to pay you later , I be break . JOHN hey , where be you go ? enid later , " dude " . rebecca much later . enid in fact , never . ext . quality cafe - day under harsh , glaring sunshine , the girl follow a half - block behind the satanist . rebecca what do you do if you be a satanist , anyway ? enid you know , sacrifice virgin and stuff ... rebecca that let we off the hook . ext . across from wowsville - ten minute have passed the satanist continue slowly along with enid &amp ; Rebecca still follow . enid maybe there 's some weird secret satanic society that meet at the quality Cafe and all of the other regular customer be in on it except for we . rebecca or maybe not . enid maybe they be slowly poisoning we or they be plan to brainwash we and -- rebecca okay , okay ! ext . wowsville diner - continuous enid hey , look at this ... enid point at the mini-mall in front of they . a new restaurant - we see they banner : " grand open . wowsville - the authentic 5u' diner " . enid " authentic 50 's diner " ? since when be there mini-malls in the 1950' ? rebecca God , it 's so totally pathetic . int . wowsville diner - day they be in a booth look at menus . it 's a less accurate version of " johnny rocket " . a golden oldie from the 80' play on the jukebox . rebecca who can forget this great hit from the 50' ? enid I feel as though I have step into a time warp ! the waiter approach . he have a ostentatious 70' - style perm . rebecca check out the awesome " fifty " hairdo on the waiter . waiter hi , my name be Allen , and I will be you waiter this afternoon . enid hi , Al ! rebecca can we call you " weird Al " ? waiter heh heh . we special today be pasta vasilio , which be a pasta salad with a light basil vinaigrette -- enid that be a popular dish in the 50' , huh weird Al ? al I imagine so ! also , we have a spinach tortellini in a ricotta sauce . both of that be $ 6.95 ... shall I give you a few minute to mull it over ? enid I just want a order of onion ring . rebecca I might actually get the pasta special . enid you loser ! al pasta special and a order of onion ring . very good . Al leave . enid do you notice all that weird thing on the menu ? like " the salad explosion " ? rebecca I know ... and instead of " dessert " it say " mindbender . " enid what do that even mean ? int . wowsville diner - ten minute later enid spot a abandon newspaper , the free weekly , on the adjoin table . rebecca check out the personal ... maybe we future husband be try to contact we . enid God , this paper be so boring . who read all this shit ? ( flip through it until she get to the personal ) here we go ... ( read ) " windsurf Doctor , mensan iq , maverick Sagittarius . let 's hit the club , make each other laugh ! " rebecca you can have that one . enid okay , well here 's yours ... ( read ) " who say all the most eligible bachelor be take ? not this one ! stun bod , very snugglelicious ocean sunset dreamer . " rebecca Gross . Al return with they food . al can I get you lady anything else , or be you all set ? enid later I might be interested in one of that far - out " mindbender . " Al leave . enid go back to the paper . enid Jesus ! listen to this one : " do you remember I ? Airport shuttle , June 7th . you : strike redhead with yellow dress , pearl necklace , brown shoe . I be the bookish fellow in the green cardigan who help you find you contact lens . be I crazy , or do we have a moment ? " rebecca God , that 's so pathetic . I bet she do not even notice he . enid I know . and he 's like psychotically obsess over every little detail . rebecca we should call he and pretend to be the redhead . enid oh , we totally have to . enid tear out the ad and put it in she sketchbook . cu of sketchbook . int . oomie' live room - evening enid and Rebecca sit with Rebecca 's grandmother oomie in she live room . they eat tv dinner while watch oomie 's favorite tv show , which we hear but do not see . nasal - voice girl ( v.o. ) so what happen next , donna ? donna ( dumb blonde be v.o. ) then I tell he he would better take out he hose and pump I ! nasal - voice girl / another girl ( v.o. ) don-na ?! donna ( v.o. ) you guy ! my car be out of gas ! laugh track . enid lean toward Rebecca . enid ( whisper ) do oomie really like this show ? rebecca ( whisper ) be not it weird ? it 's she favorite . oomie Girls ! shh ! enid and Rebecca exit . int . rebecca' room - evening Rebecca look through enid 's sketchbook while enid fiddle with the remote , fast - forward through a tape in the vcr . rebecca so what should we do ? enid wait ... I just want to see what 's on this tape . rebecca what be this ? enid I dunno . John Ellis always put on all this sick stuff that I have to fast - forward past to get to the good stuff . there 's suppose to be a Don knott movie on here someplace . sound of fast-forwarding . Rebecca glance up from the sketchbook . rebecca wait , what be that ? enid stop fast - forward . we do not see the screen but we hear weird sound like boot walking through deep mud . enid &amp ; rebecca eeeewwww ! enid lurch forward to avert she gaze . she click off the vcr , but leave the tv on . she notice a photo album on a bookshelf under the television . enid hey - why do you have this ? rebecca you leat it to I in like tenth grade . enid I have be look all over for this . angle on album as she leaf through it . we see a picture of a five - year -old enid with glass . enid look at how cute I be ! rebecca what a little hosebag . angle on photo of eleven -year-old enid &amp ; rebecca at a party . enid look , that 's back when I hate you . rebecca I remember every minute of that party . enid ( another page ) there 's my dad with joanie . rebecca I can never keep they all straight - be she the super-bitch ? enid no , she be the second wife . the third one be the super-bitch - maxine . ( find a picture ) there ! look at she ! angle on photo of maxine . enid what a fuck monster ! something on tv catch Rebecca 's eye . rebecca oh my God ! this be that comedian I be tell you about ! you have to see this guy -- he 's the absolute worst ! a dead - pan comedian , joey mccobb , be do he stand - up routine in a standard brick - wall comedy venue . he have a contrive " I be a weirdo " shtick . joey just because I live with my mother people think I be peculiar ... so what if she 's be dead for fifteen year ! hehn hehn ... ( Peter lorre laugh ) rebecca ( v.o. ) God , that 's barely even a joke . joey as I always say , take my life ... please ! enid ( v.o. ) if he 's suppose to be so weird , how come he 's wear nike ? announcer joey mccobb , lady and gentleman ... joey mccobb ! ( applause ) enid joey mccobb be we God . rebecca I want to do he ! enid I bet ! actually he remind I of that one creep you go out with -- you always go for guy with some lame , fake shtick . rebecca what be you talk about -- who ? enid that Larry guy -- what look be he go for ? a gay tennis player from the forty ? rebecca fuck you ! Rebecca turn the page of enid 's sketchbook to the tear - out personal ad . rebecca hey ! we forget to call the loser ! enid which loser ? rebecca you know , the green cardigan guy . enid oh yeah . Rebecca go to the phone and offer the receiver . rebecca you call . enid why do I always have to do it ? rebecca you be better at it . enid ( as she dial ) I remember when I first start read this I think dwf stand for " dwarf ! " rebecca ( ear up to phone ) what do it stand for ? enid shh , it 's he answer machine ... ( pause ) we hear the indistinct trace of a musical message follow by a faint beep . enid hi , it 's I - you " strike blonde . " of course I remember you . let 's get together for lunch sometime ... how about Friday at one o'clock ?... why do not you meet I at my favorite restaurant , " wowsville " ... it 's in the mall on century Parkway ... I will see you there , darling ... and be sure to wear that sexy green cardigan ... as enid hang up they both start laugh . ext . sidewinder - day a franchise convenience store with a western motif . int . sidewinder - day josh , 19 , be take he apron off as he boss , a humorless Greek immigrant , count out the cash register . cheerful muzak play . boss ah ah ah ! what you think you do ? you still get five minute leave on you shift ! enid ( wear wraparound shade ) &amp ; Rebecca enter . enid well hello there , young employee of the sidewinder . josh look , I already tell you I be not go to give you a ride . enid what can you tell I , young man , about the various flavor of " freeze yogurt " ? josh look , I will be do in a minute . just wait outside . enid I be afraid I do not understand . I simply wish to know -- boss josh ! what you do !? josh ( sigh ) the flavor we be feature this week , in addition to old favorite chocolate and vanilla , be six - gun strawberry , Wild cherry round - up , and ten gallon tangerine . enid I do not believe I care for any of that . Rebecca giggle . a customer , doug , enter : a lowly specimen with bad hair - cut , mustache , and jail - house tattoo , wear filthy designer jeans and no shirt . doug hey , josh ... I need two pack of smoke . I be on a double shift tonight ... fuckin ' sixteen hour , man . Doug bring a 40 - ouncer to the counter . josh have two pack of newport wait for he . doug hey , and gimme six of this beef jerky too - I be hungry enough to chew the crotch out of a rag doll ! Doug pay . boss hey ! I tell you : no shirt , no service ! doug ( as he leave ) fuck you , man ! enid so josh ... josh look , can we talk in a minute ? I be almost do . enid look at herself in the security mirror . she take off she hat and mess up she hair . she then take off she shade and replace they with she standard horn-rim . rebecca ( nudging enid , point outside ) look at this ! outside we see Doug practice with nunchuk and drink a beer . heavy metal music blare from he car radio . the boss see this and go out to yell at he . boss you get out of here ! josh join enid &amp ; Rebecca on the other side of counter . enid that guy rule ! josh who , Doug ? he spend more time here than I do ... enid so josh , will you give we a ride ? please ? pretty please ? it 's go to be super fun ! josh no . rebecca please josh ? josh forget it , there 's no way ... find some other poor sucker to abuse . ext . josh be car - day josh be drive , chauffeur - like , with the two girl relax in the back seat . josh why do you even need a ride ? you could walk there in two minute . enid it 's just a excuse for we to spend time with you . enid and Rebecca giggle . rebecca so josh , if this guy freak out , will you protect we ? josh he have every reason to freak out -- this be a totally fuck - up thing to do to somebody ! enid God , I think josh be too mature for we . rebecca I know , look at the way he drive ... he 's like a old man . enid yeah , josh , c'mon ... move it ! ext . gaffey STREET - day they car accelerate . int . wowsville diner - 12:35 pm . the three of they be seat at a corner booth . a song from any decade other than the 50' plays on the jukebox . a businessman enter . rebecca look , maybe that 's he ! enid it 's still twenty - five minute early . josh be not there a million place like this ? enid this be the ultimate . it 's like the Taj Mahal of bad , fake 50 's diner . josh so , where 's " weird Al " ? enid shh ! he 's back there . I can see he hair bob up and down . rebecca I want to " make love " to he . enid I be go to tell he you say that . weird al approach with menus . al so nice to see you again , lady . enid hey , weird Al , there 's something my friend want to tell you -- rebecca shut up ! enid she say she want to mmph ! Rebecca put she hand over enid 's mouth . CUT to : a push sweeper , sweeping the carpet . angle on : old woman slowly sweeping . we follow her back to : enid , Rebecca &amp ; josh . they be now eat : ten minute have pass , it 's 12:45 . enid so josh ... Becky and I be try to figure out what make you tick . tell we about you political belief . rebecca laugh . josh yeah , right . enid no , I be serious . give we you whole basic philosophy in a nutshell . rebecca oh my God , look , that 's get to be he ! a guy enter . enid be he wear a green cardigan ? rebecca what exactly be a cardigan anyway ? the guy join a friend . enid that 's not he ... Jesus , stop freaking I out . josh in answer to you question , I suppose I endorse policy that be oppose to stupidity and violence and cruelty in any form ... enid I figure something like that ... rebecca oh my God ! they see a somewhat funny - look guy in he late 30' , wear a green cardigan , seymour , enter . enid and Rebecca hunch down in they seat . enid it 's obviously he ! rebecca I can not believe it ! seymour sit down and look around . weird Al bring a menu . another angle on : weird al bring he milkshake . ten more minute have pass , it 's 12:55 . rebecca what 's go on now ? what 's he do ? enid oh my god , he just order a giant glass of milk ! josh ( burst she bubble ) it 's a vanilla milkshake . Fifteen more minute have pass - it 's 1:10 pm . seymour look around , still hopeful . his date be now ten minute late . rebecca what 's he do now ? enid he 's still just sit there . God , this be totally unbearable ! josh I agree . rebecca I wish I could see he . enid go ahead and look , but do not make it too obvious ... Rebecca turn around and pretend to look past seymour . it 's now 1:30 pm . his date be 30 minute late . seymour get up and walk sadly towards the cashier ( weird Al ) . rebecca do you think he know ? enid I dunno ... they watch he leave . enid go up to pay the bill while josh and Rebecca go outside . enid hey weird Al , do that guy say anything to you before he leave ? al not a thing . enid go back to the table to leave a tip , two dollar . Al pass behind she . al ( cheerfully professional despite she abuse ) thank you and come again . enid hesitates , overcome with guilt . she glance back at Al , then dig every penny out of she pocket ( about seven dollar in coin and wad up bill ) and add it to he tip . ext . CITY street - day the trio drive in silence . suddenly , a extra-wide pick - up vroom past josh , cut off the driver ( seymour ) next to he . seymour bob violently as he scream silent obscenity . josh Jesus , look at this guy . enid oh my God , that 's he ! rebecca be you sure ? enid totally ! look ! angle on : seymour really have a fit now . once it 's out of he system , he revert to a amiable poker - face . enid he 's insane ! rebecca we should follow he home . josh forget it . enid come on , josh ... do not you want to see where he life ? josh no . enid but this guy be like a one - of -kind , rare butterfly , and we have to follow he back to he natural habitat ... josh you need counseling . ext . seymour' apartment - day several minute have pass . seymour park . rebecca God , he life right in we neighborhood ! seymour get out and disappear up the step of he building . enid he do not even look that bum out , really . rebecca I know ... would not you be totally piss off ? enid this kind of thing must happen to he all the time . int . experimental film - day full screen : grainy b&amp ; W video footage . the camera travel up a shadowy flight of stair . we hear footstep , a rhythmic pounding , and a derange children' choir ( " lalalalalala " ) . woman' voice ( cheap echo effect ) returning to the house of my fatherfatherfatherfather ... the camera reach the top of the stair , we see a door that slowly creak open . we move into the room beyond , it 's decorate with stuff from the 50' and a giant crucifix . we hear a televangelist 's sermon . we move close on a little girl 's doll . very slowly a man' hand reach for the doll and drag it into the shadow . the hand throw the now mutilate doll into a toilet ; water and blood swirl around . we see grainy footage ( shot off of tv ) of Christians angrily picketing a abortion clinic . credit come up : the end . a film by roberta allsworth . int . art CLASS - day the light go on , the video end and the monitor be shut off . there be about a dozen student , mostly pimply 14 - year - old boy , a few 14 - ish girl , and enid , dress in schoolgirl outfit . the teacher , roberta allsworth , address the class . roberta that piece be entitle " Mirror / Father / Mirror . " I like to show it to people I be meeting for the first time because it say so much about who I be and what it feel like to inhabit my specific skin . and this be exactly what I be hope to get from each of you over the course of this summer : a picture of you own self - exploration . my own background be in video and performance art , but I be hope that do not influence you and that you will find you own way of externalize the internal . at the end of the summer , this class have be invite , along with several other in the area , to participate in a show of High - School art at the Neighborhood activity Center . the title of the show will be " Brotherhood and Community : Art as dialogue . " I think the " Brotherhood " theme tie in nicely with the theme of self - discovery that I would like to emphasize in this class . be there any question so far ? ( she 's completely lose they ) great ... ext . seymour' neighborhood - day enid and Rebecca stand in front of seymour 's apartment . enid this be way too creepy . rebecca he will not see we ... we will just stalk he from a distance . enid I be afraid if I see he , I will start feel really bad again . a pause . enid so what should we do ? we can not just hide all day wait for he to come out ... ext . seymour' build - mailbox there be three mail slot . enid pull the mail out of the first one . we see flower bulb catalogue , and lady home journal . enid this be girl mail . she grab the mail out of slot number two . enid this be all computer catalogue and stuff ... Rebecca be look at the mail from slot number three . rebecca the w.c. field fan Club newsletter ... ( she flip through the mail ) oh my God , the National psoriasis Foundation ! enid bingo ! she shove back the content of slot number two and grab the mail from Rebecca . we hear male voice around the corner . rebecca wait ! do you hear that ? enid jam the mail back in the slot in a panic . enid shit ! they slowly walk around the bush toward the voice . int . seymour &amp ; joe' garage sale - day they see the garage sale , in progress . they have all spot each other . rebecca what should we do ? what if he recognize we ? enid come on , it 's too late now ... a middle - age housewife browse with little enthusiasm as enid &amp ; Rebecca tentatively approach . enid spot a mongoose versus . cobra taxidermy piece near Joe ... enid ew , look at this ... rebecca Gross ! enid I think it 's cute - look at he little weasel tooth . rebecca ew , it 's like some gross rat ... joe ( hardly look up from tv ) it 's a mongoose . rebecca mm ... enid a what ? joe a mongoose ... they eat snake ... you never hear of a mongoose ? that 's a classic piece of vintage taxidermy . nobody alive today know how to do work like that . enid ( look underneath it ) how much be this ? joe umm ... that 's not officially for sale ... I might have to hang onto that for the time be . Joe shut off the tv . he turn to the girl , not want to lose the rapport he 's establish with two potential customer . joe so , be you look for anything in particular ? there 's a lot of other stuff in storage ... he pick up a plastic casio- type guitar / keyboard ( a child 's toy ) and start noodle pre-programmed rock lick . joe perhaps the " jam - in - ator " appeal to you . absolutely no practice necessary . you shread like a giant . just press a button . enid that 's okay ... she notice several modern jazz lps on Joe 's table . enid do you have any other old record besides this ? joe seymour do . enid who do ? joe him. seymour . he 's the man with the record . enid glance at Rebecca and mouth the implausible name : " seymour ? ! " Rebecca snort , unable to control she laughter , and turn away from the table . enid keep she cool ... enid do you have any old indian record ? seymour indian record ? enid you know , like weird 1960 's indian rock and roll music . seymour I do not have anything after about 1935 . I may have one hindu 78 from the twenty in my collection , but it 's not really for sale . I do not really collect " foreign . " enid drift over and begin thumbing through a box of 78s . seymour that be all 78s ... can you play 78s ? enid sure !... wait , maybe not 78s , but I can play regular record ... he point she to a nearby box of lps . seymour there 's some good stuff in here ... do you like old music ? enid sure , I guess . seymour well there 's a few choice lps in here that re-issue some really great old blue stuff . Rebecca tug on enid 's sleeve . enid get free and continue look through the record . she stop on one with a especially wacky cover . enid be this one any good ? seymour Nah , it 's not so great . here 's the one I would recommend . he pull out a bland - look record : " collector' item , volume three . " Rebecca shift impatiently behind she . seymour this track alone by Memphis minnie be worth about $ 500 if you have the original 78 . she be one of the great guitar player that ever live , and a great singer and songwriter as well . I know the guy who own the original and leat it for use on this reissue . enid wow ! Rebecca snort at enid 's over - exuberance . enid kick she . enid how much be it ? seymour a dollar seventy - five . enid okay . she pay he . seymour if you do not like it bring it back for a refund . we be here every Saturday . he put the record into a bag . enid I be sure it 's fine . int . quality cafe - day enid &amp ; Rebecca sit in they usual booth . Rebecca be read the free weekly . rebecca that be truly pathetic . enid I know ... I still can not get over that he name be " seymour . " Rebecca start look through the apartment listing . she take a pen out of she purse . rebecca he be so excited when you buy that record -- you be a saint !... God , this apartment be super expensive ... enid it be so cute how he have he own little bag . I think I be go to start cry !... do you think they be gay ? rebecca what about the " strike redhead in the yellow dress " ? enid oh yeah ... rebecca he should totally just kill himself ... hey , here 's one ( circle it ) ... oh wait ... ( cross it out ) you have to share it with a non smoking feminist and she two cat ... enid I dunno ... I kind of like he ... he 's the exact opposite of everything I really hate ... in a way he 's such a clueless dork that he 's almost cool ... rebecca that guy be many thing but he definitely be not " cool " ... this one would be okay , but there 's no kitchen ... enid yeah , but ... you know what I mean . rebecca not really ... enid forget it , I can not explain it ... awkward silence . melorra enter . melorra oh my god , what be you guy do here ? enid what be you do here , melorra ? melorra my act workshop be across the street from here . I be just on my break . enid well , we will not keep you . melorra I love this place ... it 's so - you know , " funky . " enid and Rebecca look at each other . melorra what be you guy up to ? rebecca we be look for a apartment . melorra God how cool . where be you move ? enid we be not sure yet , that 's why we be look . rebecca somewhere downtown . melorra God that 's so exciting ! ( look at clock ) oops , I should go . bye you guy ! call I . melorra leave quickly . rebecca " funky " ? enid what , be she black now ? they watch she cross the street - she 's dress in expensive " casual " clothes with a fancy backpack . rebecca I have be think about when we look for we apartment how we have to try and convince people that we be like this totally rich yuppy ... enid what be you talk about ? rebecca that 's who people want to rent to . it 's a know fact that it 's way easier to get a job and everything if you be rich ... all we have to do be buy a few semi-expensive outfit and act like it 's no big deal ... it will be fun . enid you just want a excuse to dress like some stupid fashion model without I make fun of you . rebecca just promise you will do it . enid okay , okay , I promise ... Jesus , you be out of you mind . int . enid be bathroom - day loud water run ; punk rock blare from adjoin bedroom as enid , she head in the sink , sing along , make up she own word . as she straighten into frame , we see that she 's dyed she hair green . she grab a towel and head into the bedroom . int . enid be bedroom - continuous her dad enter with a mixing bowl , oblivious to the green hair and loud music . dad ( over music ) have you see my blue spatula ? enid nope . what be you make , pancake ? dad not if I do not find that goddamn spatula . dad leave . enid mess up she hair in different way while sing along to the tape and look at herself in the mirror . Rebecca open the door and stand in the doorway . rebecca ( disdainful ) when do you do that ? enid turn around , startle , but instantly regains help composure . enid what ? how long have you be stand there ? ext . commercial area / near acme shoe - day rebecca do you have to buy new hair dye or do you still have some leave over from eighth grade ? enid fuck you , bitch ! they walk past a sad- look acme shoe and repair store , in a distinctive old building , that look as if it 's be there forever . they stop and peer through the window . enid we still have to go in there sometime . rebecca it 's always close ... enid I bet they have ton of incredible shoe hide in the back . they continue walk . enid hey look , it 's the pants . we see a pair of discard jeans on the sidewalk . rebecca where be we go ? enid let 's go hassle josh . rebecca " hassle " ? they see a middle - aged man dress in a shabby threadbare suit and hat sit at what be once a bus stop . the rusty sign have a red sticker on it that say " no longer in service . " rebecca there he be ... enid as always . rebecca wait for the bus that never come ... enid I wonder if he 's just totally insane and he really think a bus be come or -- rebecca why do not you ask he . enid sit next to the man . Rebecca stand behind the bench , take aback that enid be go to end the long stand speculation . enid hi ... what 's you name ? man ( look at watchless wrist , then down the street ) norman . enid ... be you wait for a bus ? man yes . enid I hate to tell you this but they cancel this bus line two year ago ... there be no bus on this street . man you do not know what you be talk about . ext . josh' apartment build - day enid &amp ; Rebecca be on the outside porch / walkway on the second floor of josh 's building . enid pound on he pasteboard door ; the window rattle with each hollow thud . enid josh ! rebecca josh ! enid &amp ; rebecca josh ! enid he 's probably in there jerk off . rebecca I will bet he never jerk off ... enid yeah , he 's beyond human stuff like that . rebecca should we leave a note ? enid find a piece of paper - the back of a pizza flyer . enid do you have a pen ? she write , while Rebecca look over she shoulder . " dear josh . we come by to fuck you but you do not answer the door . therefore you be gay . sign , Tiffany and amber . " rebecca you be not really go to leave that be you ? enid push the note over he doorknob . ext . entering zine-o- phobia bookstore - day rebecca why be we go here ? I hate this place . enid it will only take a second . int . zine-o- phobia bookstore - day they enter . we see rack of book - with title like " make explosive at Home . " Rebecca walk over to the magazine rack . creep # 1 -- I be tell you , you be wrong -- carpet beetle be the only way to get the flesh off a corpse ... boil be strictly for amateur ! enid do not you creep ever talk about anything nice ? do not you ever talk about fluffy kitten or the Easter Bunny ? creep # 1 look who 's talk - little miss badass ... creep # 2 yeah , nice outfit - who be you suppose to be , cyndi lauper ? enid blow I , doofus ! John Ellis emerge from the back and begin to unload a box of book onto the shelf . he stop and look at enid . JOHN ellis do not they tell you ? enid tell I what ? JOHN ellis punk rock be over ! enid I know it 's over , asshole , I -- JOHN ellis if you really want to " fuck up the system " - you should go to business school -- that 's what I be gonna do : get a job at some big corporation and fuck thing up from the inside ! enid that 's not even -- JOHN ellis yeah yeah yeah . do you have my money ? she wad up a twenty - dollar bill and throw it at he . JOHN ellis oh , how " punk . " enid that tape suck , by the way ! JOHN ellis I be so sorry if you be offended ! he head toward the back room with the empty box . enid go die , asshole ! JOHN ellis get a job ! he exit . Rebecca walk over to enid . rebecca what be that all about ? enid it 's not like I be some modern punk dickhead ... it 's obviously suppose to be a 1977 punk look , but I guess johnny fuckface be too stupid to get it ! rebecca I do not get it either . enid everybody 's too stupid ! int . enid' bedroom / bathroom - evening enid dejectedly enter and head straight for the bathroom . she rummages through a cabinet until she find the right box ( black hair dye ) . she wet she hair , then go into the bedroom and mechanically turn on she boom box . the punk rock song we hear earlier play . she yank out the tape and fling it away . she skim through she record and CD , dismiss they all . she notice seymour 's bag in the corner . she take out the record and put it on . the first tune be a upbeat instrumental number . she return to the bathroom . several minute pass . track two begin on the lp . she ( and we ) slowly begin to take notice . it 's a strange , haunt old blue record . we see that the tune have strike a nerve . int . enid be bedroom - later that night the song continue . enid sit in she bean - bag chair . her hair be now dyed back to black . as the song end , she pick up the needle and start it again . int . seymour &amp ; joe' garage sale - day enid yeah , it take a while before I get a chance to play it , but when I hear that song it be like -- seymour so you really like it ? yeah , there 's some really rare performance . you like that Memphis minnie , huh ? enid yeah , that 's good too ... the whole record be good , but that one song , " Devil get my woman " -- I mostly just keep play that one over and over ... do you have any other record like that ? seymour the skip James record ? yeah , that 's a masterpiece . there be no other record like that ! I actually have the original 78 of it in my collection . it 's one of maybe five know copy . enid ( nearly sincere ) wow ! seymour do you want to see it ? I can run upstairs and get it ... enid yeah , sure , I guess ... seymour ( to Joe , he always say this when he leave he table ) watch my stuff . seymour exit . a uncomfortable pause as enid stand at the table . she touch the mongoose 's tooth . joe ( not look up ) you still interested in that ? enid I think it be not for sale . joe I be thinkin ' maybe I could let it go ... enid it 's kind of fall apart . seymour return with the 78 , hold it like a precious object . seymour here it be . it 's only about V minus and have a incipient lam crack , but play decent as I recall . seymour pass the 78 to enid who follow suit and hold it carefully by the edge . enid wow ... enid pretend to drop the record . enid oops ! I drop it ! seymour no !!! enid hey , I be only kid ! she hand the record back to seymour , who 's shake and embarrassed . enid Jesus , seymour ... be you all right ? int . art CLASS - day start with a pan across a wall of unimpressive high school art : dumb drawing of fight Chuck norris -types , trace centerfold , highly sexualize horse , etc . and , on a table , a wire sculpture make from two coathanger . roberta I be not go to start a discourse on the subject of " good " art vs. " bad " art ; this judgment be for each person to make on he own . I merely want to help each of you find the best way to look within yourselves the best key to you particular lock . last week I ask you to -try and create a piece of artwork that respond to something that you have strong feeling about . enid enter late and put she sketchbook on the table . roberta and it look like we have some really interesting work up here .... roberta peruse some of the art , then point to a very violent draw . roberta what can you tell , we about you piece ... uh ... ( struggle to read signature ) ... Phillip ? phillip ( very stupid and nervous ) uh ... it 's uh ... it 's about the mutilator ... roberta my goodness ! phillip it 's this really great video game about a guy who kill people with a big hammer ... roberta ( try to make a joke ) I think maybe this be suppose to be you father . no response from Phillip . roberta nick up enid 's sketchbook and leaf through it . roberta and what can you tell we about this ... ( search for name ) enid enid . it 's sort of like a diary I guess . we see several sketches , include the draw of the satanist . roberta show a few page to the class . roberta I think that Phillip and enid can help we to see that there be - many different way we can express ourselves . we can do thing like this cartoon that be amusing as a sort of light entertainment or we can do work that be more serious in scope and feel and that deal with issue ; emotional , spiritual , political ; of great importance . I hope that you will each have the tool to do that type of work by the end of this class . ( pause , point at wire sculpture ) who be responsible for this ? margaret I be . roberta talk to we about it ... margaret it 's my response to the issue of a woman 's right to choose ... it 's something I feel super-strongly about . roberta be not this a wonderful piece , class ? this definitely fall into that higher category of art I be speak of earlier . margaret glance over at enid . enid give she a dirty look . int . " masterpiece video " store - afternoon . on a monitor , a generic trailer be play . masterpiece employee # 1 hello and welcome to masterpiece video . how may I help you this afternoon , sir ? customer I be look for a copy of 8 1 /2 . masterpiece employee # 1 yessir ! be it a new release , sir ? customer no , it 's the classic italian film . masterpiece employee # 1 let I look that up on the computer for you , sir ! ( fiddle with computer ) yes , here it be - 9 1 /2 week with mickey rourke . it 's in we " erotic dramas " section . customer no , not " 9 1 / 2 " , 8 1 / 2 , the fellini film . masterpiece employee # 1 I will check that for you sir . how do you spell the actor 's name - f-i - l-e - e-p-e-e ...? we see enid &amp ; Rebecca , dress up in sexy outfit . rebecca how about this one ? enid hey , you have to see my new good luck charm . she pull out a small porcelain figure of a man flushing himself down a toilet with the word " Goodbye cruel World " on the base . rebecca ew ... when do you get that ? enid this morning at seymour 's garage sale . rebecca God , be not you tired of seymour yet ? Rebecca pick up another tape . rebecca how about this ? enid forget it . I be sure it suck . all this movie suck . a obnoxious six - year -old try to get he parent to add another tape to they already tall stack . he stare at the video monitor . another masterpiece employee reshelve video near they . masterpiece employee # 2 ( overly cheerful ) hello ! how be you young lady this evening ? May I help you find a particular masterpiece movie ? enid no . they walk by he . enid let 's get out of here , this place make I sick . rebecca we have to do something fun tonight this be my last weekend of freedom before I start my stupid job . enid I know a party we could go to ... rebecca what ? where ?! enid it 's a surprise . rebecca I do not believe you . enid if I promise you there 's really a party with a lot of guy , do you promise you will go ? int . seymour &amp ; joe' live room - evening a depress collector ' get-together in progress . enid &amp ; Rebecca sit on a old sofa in the corner . nine or ten record collector mill about . jerome there be some record I will pay serious money for , provide they be a sincere V plus . other than that I would prefer to just have they on CD . steven CD will never have the presence of a original 78 . jerome wrr -ong ! a digital transfer adequately master will sound identical to the original . do you have a decent equalizer ? steven I have a klipsch 2b3 . jerome obviously the problem ! you expect a ten-band equalizer to impart state of - the- art sound ? dream a little dream ! etc ... enid &amp ; Rebecca be sit nearby . rebecca I totally , totally hate you . enid aw c'mon , this be a fun party . angle on : Joe stand talk to gerrold , a obnoxious , pushy , fast - talk guy who keep eyeing Rebecca . he shovel food into he mouth as he speak . gerrold so what 's the story with the two cheerleader over here ? joe they're seymour 's . gerrold seymour ? you gotta be kid I ! joe do not worry about it . he 's not gettin ' any and neither be you . gerrold ( poke Joe in the chest ) let I tell ya something ' , Joe ... listen to I , Joe ... you can not hit a home run without swinging the bat ! joe right . gerrold walk over to where Rebecca be sit . he sit on the arm of sofa next to she . gerrold mind if I sit here ? rebecca ( stare straight ahead ) yes . gerrold whoa , that be cold ! hey , you be okay , you be pretty sharp . so uh ... hey , you be wear a green dress - whadda you irish ? I bet you be irish . what 's you name ? rebecca melorra ... gerrold melorra , listen to I - let I tell you something melorra ... you seem like a interesting chick - what be you do hang out with this loser here ? whaddya say you and I take off and hit some nightspot etc. etc . enid I will be right back , I be gonna go get a beer . rebecca ( to enid ) wait ... enid go over to the beer keg . nearby seymour stand talk to paul - a humorless , middle - age guy in a suit and tie who 's contemptuously examine one of seymour 's 78s . seymour ... but it play like new . there 's no groove wear . paul oh please ... it have a enlarge center hole and a hair crack . enid approach they . seymour but the crack be so tight it 's completely inaudible . paul a tight hair crack be just that - a crack . I do not collect crack record . ( walk away ) I only pay a premium for mint record seymour , you know that ! please ! enid what be all that stuff about enlarge hole and tight crack ? seymour I ... I do not think you would have any interest in this get together ... I mean if you have tell I you be come I would have warn you -- it 's not like a real party or anything . enid you be right about that . ( pause ) so this be you record collection ? seymour oh God no . this be just junk I have for sale or trade . the record room be off-limit . enid really ? can I see it ? seymour yeah , well sure ... you can if you want to ... it 's just I do not want all this guy in there at once ... you know ... int . seymour' bedroom - evening enid &amp ; seymour enter he inner sanctum , beverage container in hand -- nicely - display old colleclecle cover just about every inch of wall space . enid wow ! this be like my dream room ! be this all record ! seymour I have about fifteen hundred 78s at this point . I have try to pare down my collection to the essential ... enid God , look at this poster ! I can not believe this room ! you be the luckiest guy in the world ! I would kill to have stuff like this ! seymour please ... go ahead and kill I ! this stuff do not make you happy , believe I . enid oh , come on ! what be you talk about ? seymour you think it 's healthy to obsessively collect thing ? you can not connect with other people so you fill you life with stuff ... I be just like all the rest of this pathetic collector loser . enid write she name in the dust . enid no you be not ! you be a cool guy , seymour . seymour yeah right ... if I be so cool , why have not I have a girlfriend in four year ? I can not even remember the last time a girl talk to I . enid I be talk to you ... I will bet there be ton of woman who would go out with you in a minute ! seymour oh , right ... enid no really ... I guarantee I could get you a date in like two second ... seymour good luck ... enid I be totally serious ! seymour yeah , well ... enid I mean it -- you leave everything to I -- I be go to be you own personal dating service ! seymour I appreciate the offer but you really do not -- enid Mark my word , by the end of this summer you will be up to you neck in pussy ! seymour Jesus ! that 's very nice of you enid but I - I really -- ext . CITY STREET - day as enid and seymour walk . a 20 - ish secretary - type pass . enid what about she ? would you go out with she ? seymour I do not know , what kind of question be that ? I mean it 's totally irrelevant because a girl like that would never be catch dead with I ... enid but put that aside for now , would you go out with she ? seymour I really do not get a good look at she . a breasty , overweight 40 - year - old walk by . enid okay , what about this one ? be you into girl with big tit ? seymour ( embarrassed ) Jesus ! enid c'mon seymour , I be try to collect data here ! do not you want I to find you you perfect dream girl ? seymour I be just not one of that guy who have a " type " ... enid every guy have a type ! seymour ( he do not really mean this ) I mean as long as she 's not a complete imbecile and she 's even remotely attractive ... they walk by " the pants . " enid hey look , there 's norman ! he 's sit as before at the defunct bus stop . enid hi norman . norman nod politely . seymour look quizzically at enid . ext . CITY STREET / near sidewinder - day they're in another part of town near the sidewinder . enid we need to narrow this down somehow ... we need to find a place where you can meet woman who share you interest . seymour maybe I do not want to meet someone who share my interest . I hate my interest ! where can I go to meet the exact opposite of myself ? enid yeah yeah yeah ... just tell I you five main interest , in order of importance . seymour ( sigh ) well , let 's see ... I guess I would have to put traditional Jazz , blue , and ragtime music at the top of the list , then probably ... enid let 's just say " music " - that way you only use up one ... ( spot the sidewinder ) wait , we have to go in here for a second ... int . sidewinder - day they enter . josh have he back to the counter as he make a complicated freeze yogurt sundae for a little girl . enid hi josh . josh ( without turn around ) hi. enid I just stop in to say hi . josh yeah , well ... hi ... he turn around non- chalantly , hold the sundae . he look up and see enid with the guy from wowsville ( seymour ) . enid this be my friend seymour . josh be startle and drop the sundae . the girl start cry . josh immediately start to clean up the mess . enid , satisfied , head with seymour for the door . enid see you later , josh ! as the door close , we hear a familiar voice . boss josh ! what you do !? ext . CITY STREET - day enid &amp ; seymour continue walk . seymour ( pause ) so be that you boyfriend ? enid josh ? he 's nobody 's boyfriend ... he 's just this guy that Becky and I like to torture . seymour well be -- enid ( interrupt suddenly ) oh my god ! we have to go in here ! they be in front of stan be , a porno shop . seymour yeah , sure ... very funny .... enid please , seymour ... Becky and I have be die to go in here but we can not get any boy to take we ... please ? seymour I - I would really rather not ... enid we will just go in for one minute -- it will be a riot ! seymour I do not think so ... enid please ? we have to ! seymour I really do not think it 's a good idea . enid Fine , I will go by myself then ... int . ANTHONY be ii - day enid &amp ; seymour enter . there be a half dozen men browsing through the video and magazine . enid ( whisper ) wow ! look at all this creep ! seymour shh ! enid oh my GOD ! enid run over and grab a blow - up sex doll . everyone in the store look at they . seymour blushes and sweat . enid what kind of weirdo would actually have sex with this ? we have to buy this ! she look around , over-stimulated . enid God , this place be a total riot ! she pick up a magazine . enid look at this -- " lollipop lolitas " - be not child pornography totally illegal ? seymour this be older woman just dress up to look young ... I think . angle on a pair of thigh - high leather fetish boot . enid ( v.o. ) oh my god ! wider angle : she 's in another part of the store near the cashier . enid how much be this boot ? do you have this in size five ? cashier that 's the only pair of that I have right now . I be get a new order in next week ... she spot something and gasp . she yell across the store . enid oh my GOD seymour ! you have to lend I the money to buy this . everyone look at seymour as he sheepishly approach . he take out he wallet . seymour uh , I do not have much money with I right now . enid c'mon , seymour , please ? cashier why do not you come back in two week - we will be have we annual back - to - School sale . int . the coffee experience - late afternoon Rebecca be at the counter serve a long line of yuppies . we can see a sign next to the counter that read : " answer today 's trivia question and get a free small coffee " . yuppie # 1 I would like a medium latte for here . rebecca can I get you a biscotti to go with that ? yuppie # 1 no ! just the latte . enid be next wear a rubber bondage mask with devil horn . enid ( v.o. ) give I all you money , bitch ! rebecca where do you get that ? enid you will not believe it ! guess ! rebecca where ? enid Anthony 's ii ! rebecca no way ... when ? enid just now ... I go with seymour . rebecca you cunt ! feldman be in line behind enid . he 's a poodle -haire , fedora wear eccentric in a motorize wheelchair - golf cart contraption . feldman Excuse I - I can not read the trivia question ! enid be in the way . she read it to he . enid " where on the human body be the ' Douglas pouch ' locate ? " feldman grunt and start to tap away on he powerbook while Rebecca , roll she eye , go to get he coffee . a digital graphic of the female form on he computer screen . with a few keyboard stroke he zeroe in on a schematic of the reproductive system . a area behind the cervix blink . feldman slightly below the uterus on a female . he take he coffee and putter towards the door . enid that guy be totally amazing . rebecca he do that every single day . yuppie # 2 can I get a decaf mocha to go ? rebecca can I get you a ... yuppie # 2 no , I do not want a biscotti with that . yuppie # 2 pay and leave . enid God , how can you stand all this asshole ? rebecca I do not know ... some people be okay , but mostly I feel like poisoning everybody . enid at least the wheelchair guy be sort of entertaining ... rebecca he 's a total asshole ... he do not even need that wheelchair , he 's just totally lazy ! enid that rule ! rebecca no , it do not . you will see ... you get totally sick of all the creep and loser and weirdo . enid but that be we people ... rebecca yeah , well ... ( pause ) so when be you go to get you job ? enid I be work on it ... I have get a few lead ... it 's just that right now I have , all this project that take up all my time . rebecca like what ? enid nothing . do not worry ... I promise I will get a job next week . rebecca ( pause ) God , I can not believe you go to Anthony 's without I . int . enid be apartment - day enid and she dad be eat breakfast . a 13 " tv sit on the kitchen counter behind they . tv commercial ( v.o. ) ( sincere ) hope come in all form . to the endangered white stork search for wetland it come in the form of a sanctuary provide by people who care . do people care ? Chevron do . that 's why at Chevron we be just as concerned ... dad be you still look for a job ? do you have any lead ? enid will you get off my back for once ? dad it 's tough to find a good job without any kind of training . enid look , I tell you I be not go to college . dad well , I think it 's good to keep all you option open . you can always enroll for the winter quarter . you could even live here and go to the city college part time , and still get a job if you want to . enid look at I -- I be not even listen to a word you be say . pause . dad do I tell you who I run into at the bagel place ? enid ( read cereal box ) who ? dad guess . enid how should I know ? dad someone from the past . enid who ? dad give up ? enid yes . dad maxine . enid not the maxine ? dad yup . enid God , how horrifying . int . college coffee house day enid and Rebecca sit in a semi-crowded college hang - out . rebecca ... you do not have to make a million dollar -- just get any stupid job so we can at least start look for a apartment . enid ( thoughtful pause ) I wonder if I hang around with you because you be like my surrogate mother figure or something . like I have this subconscious biological need to be nag and bitched at constantly . rebecca you hang out with I because nobody else can stand to be around you . enid or maybe ... do you ever think that deep down we really might be lesbos ? maybe that 's why we spend so much time together . rebecca you be gross . ( pause ) see that guy ? enid which one ? rebecca he give I a total boner ! enid he 's like the biggest idiot of all time ! the guy , a college sophomore , walk by they with two friend . college sophomore be you guy up for some reggae tonight ? rebecca okay , you be right . enid ( whisper ) head up . a earnest " alternative - rock " guy approach Rebecca . he hand she a flyer . guy hey , my band be play here on Friday night and uh ... there 's gonna be a bunch of cool band play and stuff and you do not have to pay if you show this flyer at the door ... you should come check it out . rebecca ( shyly ) thanks ... ( she look away ) enid take the flyer from Rebecca . there be a bunch of band list . enid which one be you band ? guy alien autopsy . enid ( sarcastic ) bitchin ' . guy ( embarrassing pause ; then , to Rebecca ) yeah , well ... maybe I will see you there ... ( pause ; walk away ) enid what a dork ! rebecca you be just jealous . enid yeah , right ... believe I , at this point I be over the fact that every single guy like you better than I ! rebecca face it , you hate every single boy on the face of the earth ! enid that 's not true , I just hate all this obnoxious , extrovert , pseudo - bohemian loser ! ( sad pause ) sometimes I think I act so weird because I be crazy from sexual frustration . rebecca have not you hear about the miracle of masturbation ? enid ( sigh ) ... maybe we should be lesbos ... rebecca get away from I ! int . enid be fantasy - evening start on full moon in night sky , frame right -- dissolve to : ...a dark moonlit room . enid lie on she stomach in bed . we move in closer to she head as though enter she thought , which slowly fade in : we move toward a vertical sliver of light -- a crack - open bathroom door . we move into the bathroom and see enid take a shower . josh enter , dress in a black suit , hold a large bouquet of flower . CUT . we start again , exactly as before , only without the flower . he start to take off he clothes . CUT . he enter again and get right in the shower , fully clothed . they begin to kiss . after a passionate moment , the door open . Rebecca stand there , stunne . CUT back to : we see only the slight trace of enid in the darkness . she sigh . int . art CLASS - day close - up on a charcoal portrait of don knott . roberta who be this , enid ? enid it 's suppose to be Don knott . roberta and what be you reason for choose he as you subject ? enid I dunno ... I just like Don knott . roberta I see ... interesting ... she move on . roberta what do we have here , Margaret ? margaret it 's a tampon in a teacup ... class giggle . roberta I can see that ... now what can you tell we about it ? first of all , what kind of sculpture be this ? margaret it 's a " find object " ... that 's when a artist take a ordinary object and place it in a artistic context and thus it become art . roberta very good . now , what can you tell we about it in regard to you artistic intent ? margaret I guess I see the teacup as a symbol for womanhood , because of tea party in the olden day , but instead of tea I be try to kind of confront people with this ... like ... roberta this shocking image of repress femininity ! margaret right , exactly ! roberta I think it 's really a wonderful piece , Margaret ! enid give Margaret another dirty look . roberta this illustrate perfectly what I be say about not be afraid to use controversial imagery , class ... ext . seymour' car - dusk seymour drive . enid play with the radio stop on a obnoxious am disc jockey . disc jockey kfto comin ' atchya on this beautiful evening . seymour God , that asshole 's voice be so hateful ! no wonder I never listen to the radio ! enid ( shutting it off ) relax , seymour , relax ... seymour that thing be just so shrill and pierce and loud - it 's like someone jabbing I in the face ! ( imitate insincere dj voice ) kfto comin ' atchya on this beautiful evening ... she change the subject and hold up a 78 record . enid so , why do you bring this along ? seymour I bring it for he to autograph . he 's go to be amaze to see it - it 's one of two know copy ... I can not believe they have he for the open act and not the headliner . what a insult ! enid this bar 's go to be pack with girl for you to pick from . seymour I be not hold my breath in that department . seymour wait at a stop sign for two oblivious overweight women , each with toddler and baby carriage , to cross .. seymour what be we , in slow motion here ?! what be ya , hypnotize ? have some more kid , why do not you ?... for Christ 's sake , would you move !? enid Jesus , seymour . ext . blue club - night a marquee read , " tonite : blueshammer also fred chatman " int . blue club - night fred chatman , age 82 , play a acoustic blue number . he 's good , but he 's be politely ignore for the most part by the twenty - something patron . most of they be more interested in a baseball game show on a big-screen tv . seymour I can not believe this people ! they could at least turn off they stupid sport game until he 's do play ! fred finish to polite applause . a m.c. take the mic . m.c. let 's hear it for Fred chatman . ( a little more applause ) hey do not go away because we have get blueshammer come up in just a minute ! a cute girl , mid - 20' , stand near they table sip she drink . enid nod in she direction for seymour 's benefit as if to say , " check it out . " seymour yes , that would certainly do ... enid well , offer she a seat ! you want I to do it ? seymour wait a minute ! hang on ! Jesus , I gotta think of something to talk to she about . no! no ... enid just wait here . enid get up before seymour can stop she and talk to cute girl who look back at seymour and smile . she go to join he . enid walk off in the direction of the bar , give seymour a " thumb up . " cute girl hi. seymour hello . uh ... that be great music , huh ? cute girl ( sit down ) yeah , I just love blue . seymour actually , technically what he be mostly play would more accurately be classified in the " ragtime " idiom . although of course not in the strictest sense of the more classical ragtime piano music like that of Scott joplin or Joseph Lamb . authentic blue have a more conventional twelve - bar structure in its stanzas . cute girl oh if you like authentic blue , you have just gotta see blueshammer ! they be so great ! angle on : enid stand alone at the bar . we see seymour and cute girl from she Pov . her gaze drift to the other people in the bar . we move over the face of all the guy and stop on a skinny , introverted - look guy with a pool - cue . he make a shot and instantly go into a ostentatious cue twirling routine . her gaze drift on . she see herself in a mirror behind the bar and take off she hat reconfigure she hair . she reach into she purse and put on a bulkier pair of glass . this be interrupt by blueshammer take the stage . Young , white , cocky , pretty boy . lance ( lead singer ) all right people ! be you ready to boogie ? cuz we gwine play you some authentic , way - down - in - the-delta blue to rock you world ! one , two , Three ... a din of loud noise . cute girl immediately leap to she foot , boogey to the music . several horny alpha male press in on seymour ( who 's still sit ) , spilling he drink as they vie to dance with she . seymour extricate himself from the table and walk toward the bar where enid sit . seymour what do you tell that girl ? enid I tell she you be a big record executive and you be think of signing that band to you label . seymour Jesus ... int . seymour be car - night seymour now I remember why I have not go anywhere in month . I be not even in the same universe as that creature back there . I might as well be from another planet . enid we just need to figure out a place where you can meet somebody who be not a total idiot , that 's all . seymour look , I really appreciate you help , enid , but let 's face it , this be hopeless . enid it 's not hopeless ... seymour yeah , well it 's simple for everybody else - give them a Big Mac and a pair of nike and they be happy ! I just can not relate to 99.9 % of humanity . enid yeah , well , I can not relate to humanity either , but I do not think it 's totally hopeless ... seymour but it 's not totally hopeless for you ... I have have it . I do not even have the energy to try anymore . you should make sure you do the exact opposite of everything I do so you do not end up like I ... enid I would rather end up like you than that people at that stupid bar ... at least you be a interesting person ... at least you be not exactly like everybody else ... seymour hooray for I . int . seymour' apt . - night enid walk in behind seymour . seymour I be not sure I have anything to drink ... there might be some -- enid it do not matter , I be not stay long ... I just want to make sure I convince you not to give up yet . seymour " yet . " int . seymour' bedroom - night they both have drink now . he put on a jazz record , a instrumental . enid ( pick up a antique knick knack ) wow , this be so cool ... seymour if you do not mind my ask -- why do you care so much if I get a date or not ? enid I dunno ... because I can not stand the idea of a world where a guy like you can not get a date ... enid find a painting lean in a pile of stuff against the wall in the corner . it 's a old - fashioned cartoony stereotype of a black man 's head , with big lip and a huge toothy smile . enid what the fuck , seymour ?! what be this ? seymour what ?... oh that ... I borrow that from work about fifteen year ago ... I guess it 's mine now . enid what , be you a klansman or something ? seymour yeah , right , I be a klansman - thanks a lot !... do you know the cook 's Chicken franchise ? enid ( quote tv commercial in deep voice ) " four-piece cook 's special deep fry with side and slaw it 's out ray -geous " ! seymour yeah , well " cook 's " be just a make up name . when they originally open back in 1922 they be name " the coon Chicken Inn " -- that 's a early painting of they first logo . he take out a scrapbook . seymour I be obsessed with all this stuff - this lose culture of the 20th century . she look through the scrapbook - we see the coon Chicken logo transform first into a less stereotype black man , then into a older distinguished black chef with the logo " cook 's Chicken Inn . " then to a white version of the same chef , follow by a female white chef , then to a streamline 90' version . on another page be a collection of cosmetic label trace the design evolution of a different company . enid why do not everybody know this ? the record end . seymour get up to take it off the turntable . seymour ( somewhat bitterly ) it 's ancient history . the same reason nobody know about this lionel belasco record . he put on another record . seymour actually , I be a whole lot more interested in the cook 's phenomenon when I be about you age . I have kind of lose interest since I have be work for they ... enid you work at cook 's Chicken ? seymour for nineteen year ... enid what be you , a fry cook or something ? seymour nothing so glamorous ... actually , I be a assistant manager at they corporate headquarters . enid Jesus , I would go nut if I have to work in a office all day . seymour hey , I get good benefit , a good early retirement plan , nobody ever bother I ... enid yeah , but still ... seymour I make enough money to eat and buy old record ... what more do I want ? enid put down the scrapbook , stare at the painting . enid so , I do not really get it -- be you say that thing be better back then ( point at painting ) even though there be stuff like this ? seymour no , in a lot of way thing be better now ... I dunno ... it 's complicated . everybody still hate each other , but they know how to hide it better , or something ... enid ( suddenly ) hey , can I borrow this ? seymour what ? why ? enid I promise I will take good care of it . seymour I dunno ... they be very sensitive at work about all this stuff . maybe it would be better if you -- enid do not you trust I , seymour ? int . art CLASS - day we see another wall of student art dominate this time by enid 's ( seymour 's ) 3 ' x 4 ' painting . roberta let 's address some discussion to this piece . snotty girl I do not like it . roberta can you tell we why ? snotty girl I do not know . hippy -ish boy I think it 's totally weak . black girl yeah , it 's not right . more kid respond at once . even Margaret be confuse . roberta this be all valid comment , but I think we should see if the artist have anything to bring to this . enid well , I get the idea when I be do some research and I discover that cook 's Chicken use to be call coon 's Chicken , and so I decide to do my project base on this discovery as kind of a comment on racism ... and the way racism be whitewash over in we culture ... roberta do you actually do this painting ? enid well , no - it 's more like a " find art object . " roberta and how do you think this address the subject of racism ? enid it 's complicated ... I guess I be try to show how racism use to -- more out in the open and now it 's hide , or something ... roberta and how do a image like this help we to see that ? enid I be not sure ... I mean ... ( think ) I guess because when we see something like this it seem really shocking and we have to figure out why it 's so shocking ? a long pause as roberta and the class stare at the painting . roberta I do not really know what to say , enid ... ( another over - long pause ) ... it 's a remarkable achievement . int . rebecca' room - evening enid be lie on she back with she head on Rebecca 's stomach . both stare blankly at the ceiling . rebecca be you kid ? it 's a dream job ! I can not believe you get a job like that without even try ... God , I wish that be my job ... enid ( try to generate some enthusiasm ) yeah , maybe it will be okay . at least I will get to see every movie for free , I guess ... I have to lie and tell they I already graduate ... rebecca when be you finally go to get you diploma ? enid I dunno , but next week be my last class ... rebecca anyway , now we can start look for the apartment ... ( wait for some response from enid , but there be none ) do you remember when we first come up with that whole idea of rent we own apartment ? enid be not it like eighth grade ? rebecca seventh ... you want to move out right then ! enid that must have be when my dad be marry to maxine ... rebecca I remember we big plan be as soon as we get the apartment we be go to trick Daniel dusentrieb into come over and then fuck he . enid we be such desperate slut back then . int . pacific theater - afternoon enid be behind the candy counter dress in a brown and orange uniform . manager I be gonna let you handle the four thirty crowd by yourself - that way I can evaluate you performance while it 's slow and ease you into the bigger crowd . enid you can count on I , sir ! a customer , a alcoholic loser , approach the candy counter . loser do you serve beer or any alcohol ? enid I wish !... actually you wish ... after about five minute of this movie you will wish to God you have about ten beer ! loser stare blankly , hesitates , then go into theater . manager ( pull she aside ) what be you do ? you do not ever criticize the feature ! enid why ? what difference do it make ? you already get he money ... manager look , that 's the policy ... if you want to make up you own rule you can open you own theater ... enid but I be only try to be friendly ... manager look , we do not pay you to be a movie critic -- just do you job . enid okay , okay ... I will not say a word ... another angle - a hour have go by . customer medium popcorn . enid that 's three dollar . customer let I have plenty of butter on that . enid ewww !... ( make a face ) here you go -- smother in delicious yellow - chemical sludge ! manager ( pull she aside ) what the hell be wrong with you ?! enid what ? I be just kid around with the customer ... it 's my shtick ! manager well lose it ! and why be not you push the large size ? do not you get training about upsize ? enid but I feel weird ... it 's so sleazy . manager it 's not optional ! enid Jesus ... customer # 2 can I get a medium sprite ? enid a medium sprite ? why sir , do you not know that for a mere twenty five cent more you could purchase a large beverage that have a volume of over twice that of a puny medium drink ? ( she give manager a look ) ... I be only tell you this because we be such good friend -- medium be strictly for sucker who do not understand the concept of value ! int . the coffee experience - day Rebecca be behind the counter glaring at enid . rebecca what be you talk about ? what kind of loser get fire after one day ?! enid I tell you - my manager be a total asshole ! do not worry , I be go to get another job ... and anyway , I have some idea for how to make money in the meantime ... a angry customer return with she drink . customer I be not at all happy with this latte what do you intend to do about it ? ext . enid be garage sale - day it 's the next day . enid have set up a garage sale in front of she apartment building . Rebecca arrive . rebecca this be it ? I can not believe you be sell some of this stuff . enid fuck it . everything must go ! rebecca oh my god , I remember this hat ... this be during you little old lady phase ... a trendy young hipster happen along and look through the clothes , then to the table where he pick up a ridiculous look stuff animal . hipster how much be this ? enid that 's not for sale . hipster ( notice price tag ) wait , it say five dollar ... enid oh , that 's a mistake -- I decide not to sell it ... the hipster look around a little more and then leave . rebecca what be that all about ? I think everything must go ! enid oh yeah right , like I be gonna let some asshole with a goatee own goofy Gus . a couple be browsing . the girl , a severely skinny , clubhopper type in platform shoe look at the clothes ; the boy , a long haire skateboarder , go through she record . girl how much be this dress ? rebecca oh my god , you be sell that ? enid ( long pause ) that 's five hundred dollar . girl what ? enid five hundred . girl you be crazy -- it should be like two dollar ! enid I be wear that dress the day I lose my virginity . girl well why do I care about that ? enid why do you even want it ? it would look stupid on you . girl God , fuck you ! enid turn to the boy - he 's hold some record and a book . enid put that stuff back , it 's not for sale . boy what be this ? some fuckin ' joke ? enid yes ! go away ! they stomp off . rebecca now be you go to get a regular job ? enid ( defeat , quiet ) do not worry . rebecca if it make you feel any better , I do not think you could have get more than ten buck for all this stuff . enid yeah , thanks . ext . enid be garage sale - day twenty minute later . most of the stuff be go . enid pack up one last box to carry inside . rebecca do you want to do something tonight ? enid I can not , it 's seymour 's birthday ... ( suddenly ) shit ! what time be it ? I have to go to the store ! I be go to make he a cake ... rebecca ( miff , sigh ) well , be we still go shopping tomorrow ? enid yeah , I guess ... call I ... she head toward the stair with the box . Rebecca watch she go . rebecca since when can you make a cake ? int . seymour' room - evening enid present seymour with a hostess cupcake with a single light candle in the center . the light be off . enid you can open you eye now . seymour oh ... uh , thanks a lot enid ... I really appreciate it ... enid no , doofus ... blow it out ! he lean forward and blow out the candle , then abruptly straighten up and hold the small of he back in pain . enid turn the light back on . seymour arrrghhh ! ah jeez ... Christ ... enid be you okay ? seymour it 's just my stupid back . I will be all right in a minute ... she notice he adjust something under he shirt . enid what be that ? seymour oh ... uh ... it 's just this elastic thing I have to wear for lumbar support ... enid what , like a girdle ? seymour maybe now you understand why I can not get a date . enid yeah , well , you be not the only one . everybody I know have totally fuck up problem ... it seem like only stupid people have good relationship ... seymour ( sarcastically cheer she on ) that 's the spirit ! enid I mean , I be eighteen year old and I have never even have a real , steady boyfriend for more than like two week ! seymour really ? enid never ... seymour I be start to think that even if I do get a girlfriend it really would not change anything . enid I know . it 's not like it make all you problem go away . seymour then again , that 's easy for I to say , since I will never even get a date . I be sure you have hundred of guy who be interested in you . enid actually , I have get a total crush on this one guy right now , but it 's a really fuck - up situation ... seymour oh yeah ? enid oh wait , you meet he ... remember that guy josh ? I be like practically obsessed with he , but I can not do anything about it because Becky would freak out . seymour why ? enid never mind , it 's way too complicated ... ( pause ) do you have problem like this when you be my age - where you be totally confuse all the time ? seymour I will not even dignify that with a response . he get up and look through he shelf for a record . enid ( look at he record ) I wonder if you really like all this old record or if you only like the fact that nobody else like they ? seymour ( a sore subject ) who know ? the phone ring . seymour ignore it . enid be not you go to get that ? seymour let the machine get it . I have no desire to talk to anyone who would be call I ... after several more ring the machine pick up and we hear seymour 's message . after the beep there 's a long fumble pause ... seymour I know it ... it 's my mother . voice on machine uh ... hi ! uh ... I be call for ... um ... you place a ad in the weekly over a month ago and ... well , I be the redhead in the yellow dress ... at least I think I be ... I see the ad when you first place it but I be in this relationship at the time so I cut it out , and now I be not in the relationship anymore ... ( giggle ) God , this be really confusing ... anyway , if you still want to talk to I I can be reach at kl5 - 2603 , that 's my work number and my name be dana ... um ... bye ! enid wow ! ( feign ignorance ) what be that all about ? seymour it 's just somebody 's idea of a joke ... enid that do not sound like a joke to I ... what , do you write a personal ad or something ? seymour ( still confuse ) uh yeah . a long time ago ... she call before once ... it 's just somebody try to humiliate I . enid seymour ! I promise you that be not a joke -- you have to call she back ! seymour how can you be so sure ? enid well , uh ... I be a expert -about stuff like this -- she be totally for real ! int . enid be apartment - about 10 pm enid enter - a light be on in the kitchen . dad ( o.s. ) pumpkin ? could you come in here for a minute ? she walk slowly to the kitchen - a suspenseful moment . she see , first , she dad ( wear a apron ) and then , a hauntingly familiar middle - aged woman . dad pumpkin , do you remember maxine ? maxine hi , enid . enid hi. ( to dad ) look , I be kind of tired - I think I will go to bed . dad I make spaghetti . do you want some ? enid i- I really have to get up early for class tomorrow . maxine it 's really quite something to see you all grow up like this , enid . ( no response from enid ) I would love to hear about what you be do . I can not help but feel that I have some small part in how you turn out ... ( another silent pause ) what be you study ? you be always such a smart little girl . enid I be take a remedial high school art class for fuck - up and retard . int . art CLASS - day a toothy , zit - cover 14 - year -old boy pose with a very poorly - make sculpture . a flash go off and he jump slightly , send piece of he sculpture fly . it 's roberta , take photo . she move on to enid , in front of she big painting . roberta smile , enid ... enid ad-lib a weird expression as ... the flash go off . roberta now turn to address the class . roberta I be go to miss you people ... I feel that we have all do a lot of grow this summer . I hope that each of you feel as though you will be take away something from this experience ; I know I certainly will be ... a long " poignant " pause as she smile admiringly at they . roberta remember , the art show be this Saturday at seven-thirty sharp . try to get there at least 15 minute early . the student get they thing together and file out . roberta enid , can I talk to you for a minute ? enid uh-oh . roberta do not worry - it 's nothing bad . I be just wonder what you plan be for next year ? enid I be not really sure - work , I guess ... roberta well , I know this be really short notice , but I get a call from a very close friend at the Academy of Art &amp ; Design and she tell I that I be allow to place one student from you graduate class in a one year scholarship program ... and , well , I hope you do not mind , enid , but I take the liberty of submit you name . she give she a booklet and a application form . enid hmm . roberta as far as I know it include housing and meal and everything ... it be really quite a offer ... enid ...wow ... roberta ( pause ) so what do you think ? enid I dunno ... would I have to take class and stuff ? roberta well , yes ... enid I ... roberta let I know as soon as you can , enid . this could be a great thing for you . int . indoor shopping mall - day enid &amp ; Rebecca be in a crate &amp ; barrel - type store look at houseware . enid I think one of we should fuck josh ... rebecca go ahead ... enid no , really ... rebecca God , you be really obsessed ... enid I be not -- I just think it would be funny to see what he would do ... rebecca I think we decide that josh be way too cool to be interested in sex , and that he 's the only decent person leave in the world and we would never want to bring he down to we level and all that ... enid yeah , but maybe one of we should at least try ... rebecca no matter what happen it would be a big disaster ... let 's just try and keep everything the way it be . Rebecca spot some particularly fetching dishware . rebecca look , we have to get this ... enid I can not afford stuff like this right now . rebecca I be sick of wait - we need to start get stuff if we be ever go to move . ( pause , see towel ) be not this the great towel ? enid why do you care about this kind of stuff ? rebecca do not you want nice stuff ? enid I can not imagine spend money on towel . rebecca you do not have to . I will pay for all the stuff right now and you can pay I back when you finally get a job . enid you be insane . rebecca do you still want to go to that thing tonight ? enid what thing ? rebecca that guy 's band be play tonight ... alien autopsy . enid oh yeah ... maybe ... seymour 's go on he big date tonight and I kind of want to be around when he call , so I can hear how bad it go . rebecca God , I be so sick of seymour . int . dana' apartment - evening seymour be just finish the dinner dana have cook for they at she place . dana be a attractive redhead , about 40 . seymour that be great - jeez , thanks again for cooking all this . dana oh I love to cook . I guess most woman would not invite a man over on the first date , but I believe you should trust you instinct . when I talk to you on the phone you just seem so ... I do not know ... harmless . ready for ice cream ? dana head for the kitchen . seymour get up to relieve he backache . he walk over to a frame photo on the wall . dana here we be ... it 's mocha mint from lickety split . oh , be not that photograph just heart-rend ? seymour yeah ... where be this ? Bosnia ? dana be it Bosnia ? I forget ... ( pause ) it 's so sad , the tragedy of a entire country eloquently capture in the face of one little boy . ( pause ) a soul / funk song start up on the radio that catch she attention . she go over and turn it up . dana oh , I just love this song ! be not it great ? do not it make you want to dance ? c'mon ! seymour uh , well , that 's okay - I do not dance , heh , heh ... dana do not be silly , anyone can dance . here , just follow I ... watch my foot . seymour no , really I -- she drag he around . he 's still hold he ice cream . dana c'mon seymour , it 's all in you mind . just loosen up and feel the music ! here , put down you bowl of ice cream . she take he ice cream and put it on a table . seymour ( check he watch ) hey , it 's nearly nine already - we be gonna have to leave now if we be go to make that movie . dana oh , all right ... Party -pooper ! just let I put a few thing away . she shut off the stereo as he sit and eat he ice cream . dana I be so excited to see this film - dustoffvarnya be such a brilliant director ! do you see he last film , the flower that drank the Moon ? it be simply glorious ! seymour uh , no . I miss that one . but what do I know ? I like Laurel and hardy movie . dana really ? I never really care for that . why do the fat one always have to be so mean to the skinny one ? int . enid be room - evening it 's 9:30 pm . enid be draw in she sketchbook . she look impatiently at the phone . time pass - it 's 11 pm . she can not stand it anymore . int . seymour' apartment - continuous seymour pick up the phone . dana be in the background get some ice in the kitchen . seymour uh ... hello ? enid hi , it 's I ... seymour oh , hi ... enid so , what happen ? seymour ( almost whisper ) actually , it 's kind of still happen ... she 's over here right now ... I think everything 's go pretty well ... enid what ? you be kid I ... seymour yeah , so I better go -- it 's not really the best time to talk ... enid what , be you go to like have sex with she on you first date ? seymour Jesus , enid ... I will talk to you later ... bye ! he hang up . enid be stunne ... now what ? she call Rebecca . int . oomie' live room - continuous Rebecca be sit on the couch in she pajamas when the phone ring . she pick it up . rebecca hello ? enid do you still want to do something tonight ? rebecca what happen to seymour ? enid ( still shocked by this ) I can not believe it - he actually score ! rebecca how repulsive ! enid so should I come over ? rebecca actually , I be just about to go out with some friend ... enid what be you talk about ? who ? rebecca just some people from work ... enid I do not believe you . rebecca yeah well , you say you be busy ... look , I would better get go ... I will call you tomorrow . Rebecca hang up . clearly , she 's not go anywhere . ext . josh' apartment - later that night enid stand outside josh 's door . a tentative pause ; then she knock . josh open the door , stunne . enid be wear a uncharacteristically " sexy " outfit . josh hi ... what 's up ? enid can I come in ? int . josh' apartment - continuous she go in and look around nervously ... the note ( Tiffany &amp ; amber ) be tack to the wall . josh be you the one who leave that note ? enid I guess . pause . enid sit down on futon / sofa . josh so what 's up ? he pick up half - finish beer and drink self - consciously . enid I do not know ... I be totally confuse ... josh do not respond - there 's another awkward pause . enid sit over here . he sit , tentatively . Long pause . josh do you want something to drink ? enid why ? josh what do you mean " why " ? enid be you try to get I waste so you can take advantage of my womanly charm ? josh yeah , right ... enid " yeah , right " ... well why not ? what 's so wrong with I ? josh nothing . enid then why do you hate I so much ? josh when do I say I hate you ? enid you have never once say anything even remotely nice to I . josh you make I nervous ! I always feel like you be go out of you way to make I feel uncomfortable so you can laugh at I ! enid that 's just the way I be ! josh yeah , well -- enid it 's just my stupid way of get attention ! God , I practically love you , josh ! stun pause , then she bravely lean forward and kiss he . he kiss back but she be clearly the aggressor ... they get more and more into it . enid do you have any protection ? int . josh be apt . - 1 am . later , post-coital on the now unfold futon ... enid lie on she back , josh be face - down on top of she with he head to the side . enid have a blank , disillusion stare . josh ( now he 's romantic and sappy ) you must have know all along how I -- you know -- how I feel about you -- it must be totally obvious ... God ... I always use to dream about this ... enid ( stare ahead ) why do you have that stupid poster ? int . josh' apartment - day it 's the next morning . josh be asleep . enid , fully awake and dress , sit on the bed look at he , thoroughly disillusion . she pull out a record from he collection and grimace . she open a closet door and find a electric guitar . josh ( waking up , groggy , happily surprised ) oh , hi ... enid why do all guy have to play stupid guitar ? it 's so typical ... either they be into car or gun or sport or guitar ... it 's so obvious ... josh how long have you be up ? enid I could not sleep ... I should get go ; I feel really weird ... josh do you want to go get breakfast somewhere ? enid I do not think we should ... look , you have to totally promise I you will not tell Becky about this . josh why not ? enid because if you do , I will kill you ! josh okay ... I promise . enid just take my word for it ... if she ever find out about this I will never hear the end of it ... int . rebecca' room - day Rebecca be dress in she best apartment-hunt outfit . she sit on she bed , dial the phone with the free weekly open on she lap . she circle something with she pen while the phone ring . rebecca goddammit , bitch -- where be you ? int . enid' bedroom - day enid lie perfectly still on she bed , stare at the ceiling while the phone ring . ext . cook' chicken inn - daytime establish the restaurant . int . cook' chicken inn - daytime seymour sit alone eat lunch . we see enid approach stealthily from behind . enid boo ! seymour ( very startle ) yaaa ! she sit across from he . enid where have you be ? I have be look all over for you ... I have be wander the street day and night try to find you ... seymour really ? enid no , actually Joe tell I you be here ... so how come you never call I anymore ? seymour I know , I be sorry ... i- I have be really busy ... enid yeah , I will bet ! so , how 's it go with what 's - she - name ? dana ? seymour ( he look nervously at he watch ) oh ... pretty well , surprisingly ... you know ... enid so , what kind of stuff do you guy do together ? be she into old record and stuff ? seymour sort of ... she do not dislike any of that stuff ... she 's try , anyway ... actually , we be suppose to go antique shopping for she apartment this afternoon ... enid ( not convinced ) sound good ... seymour look again at he watch . seymour we really should get together sometime soon ... i- I will definitely call you this week -- enid what , be you try to get rid of I ? seymour no ... no , it 's just that I should get go in a few minute , and -- enid be not you even go to ask I how I be do ? seymour I - I be sorry ... uh so ... uh ... how -- enid I dunno ... okay , I guess ... ( pause ) I fuck that guy josh finally ... seymour ...so ... be he you boyfriend now ? enid maybe ... I dunno ... he want to be , of course . I be weigh several offer at the present time ... suddenly , dana enter . dana seymour ?... uh ... hello ... I guess I be a little early ... seymour dana ! hi! ( pause as the gear whirl ) uh , dana ... this be enid ... dana hello ... enid it 's great to finally meet you ! dana sit next to seymour , face enid . dana ( look back and forth between enid and seymour ) how do you two know each other ? enid I be surprised he have not mention I we be old friend . dana really ? enid yes , we be very close ... in fact , I be stand right next to seymour the first time you call . if not for I , he would have never call you back ! dana be that right ? seymour begin to stammer some kind of response . enid ( phony ) oops ! look at the time ! I have get to run ! I will stop by to see you some time , seymour ... ( then to dana ) it be really great to meet you ! int . enid be bedroom - later that evening enid be in she room get dress . dad enter . dad I have some good news for you , pumpkin . enid ( sigh ) what be it now ? dad be you still look for a job ? enid I guess . dad well , maxine think she can get you a sale job at Computer Station . normally you have to have reference and at least two year of experience , but she think she can convince they . enid tell she to forget it - I do not need she help . int . community CENTER - evening a homemade banner read : " high school art show - brotherhood and community : art as dialogue . " along one wall be all the work from roberta 's class : a collection of eccentric abstract bric-a- brac and enid 's large painting . the painting have draw a small crowd . we see a chain of event beginning with three parent talk to a matronly director / curator who in turn seek out roberta ( wear make - up and fancy - ish clothes for the first time ) . director I be afraid you be simply go to have to take that painting down . several of the parent have complain . roberta I will do no such thing . director then you leave I no other choice than to remove it myself ! she march towards it . roberta run after she . roberta I think we should give the artist a chance to talk to the parent about she intention with this piece ... we should be promote discussion as a solution , not censorship . roberta see Margaret and grab she . roberta Margaret , have you see enid ? Margaret shrug " no . " roberta look through the crowd . a college - age news - hack - type with a free weekly t-shirt snap a photo of the director remove enid 's painting . ext . seymour' apt . bldg . - evening enid , dress as though for a glamorous date , stand knock on seymour 's door . seymour oh ... uh , hi ... what 's up ? int . seymour' place - continuous enid worm she way past he unwelcome stance . seymour be wear designer stone - wash denim jeans that look ridiculous on he . Joe can be see in the kitchen . enid I be go to this stupid art show and I want you to be my date ... there 's something I have to show you ... seymour I ... I do not know . I do not really think I should ... enid of course you should . c'mon , I be already a million hour late . seymour ... I better not ... enid ( pause ) well forget the art show ... let 's do something else . seymour I ... I wish I could , enid , but I really can not right now ... I -- it 's just that I -- enid well when can we do something ? seymour it 's just that , well , you know , dana just get out of a really bad relationship and I do not want to give she the wrong idea ... you know ... joe ( walk by with he sandwich ) do not mind I , I will just be in my room . enid where do you get that pants ? seymour oh , uh ... they be a present from dana . enid and you like they ? seymour well , you know ... what do I know about clothes ... I have never be the most fashionable guy -- it 's nice to have someone do all the work for I ... enid ( pause ) so that 's it ? you do not ever want to see I again ? seymour no , of course I do ... it 's just that right now I need to -- enid what 's she problem anyway ? do she actually tell you you could not see I ? seymour no , no ... not exactly ... she just do not understand how I would know somebody like you ... enid what do she mean by that - " somebody like I " ? seymour just someone so young ... enid you must have do something to make she think you like I . seymour I ... I do not think so . enid do that mean you do not like I ? seymour no , of course not . enid ( look he in the eye ) so , do you like I , seymour ? seymour in what way do you mean ? enid in whatever way you think I mean . seymour ( not sure what to say ; long pause ) I do not know ... I be sorry , but dana 's a very jealous person . I just do not want to screw that up right now ... I be sure she will dump I soon and we can go back to be friend ... enid I do not think you understand how I really feel about you , seymour . seymour ... what do you mean ? enid ( pause ) nothing . do not worry , I will not bother you any more . ext . enid' neighborhood - evening a long shot of enid as she walk home alone . ext . residential neighborhood - day enid &amp ; Rebecca walk down the street . both wear landlord friendly J. Crew outfit . enid where be we ? this be a weird neighborhood ... rebecca it 's a totally normal , average neighborhood ! enid I just mean it 's weird to I ... I have never be anywhere near here in my life . rebecca josh say this be a really good neighborhood ... enid what ? when do you see josh ?! rebecca he come into work . enid why ? what do he say ? rebecca nothing . enid when be this ? rebecca I do not know ! God , do not act so jealous I only talk to he for two minute . they walk along in conspicuous silence . rebecca twenty -seven fifty - three ... do you see it ? ( look around ) that must be it ... enid ( without enthusiasm ) great ... rebecca what ?! it look totally normal ... what 's wrong with it ? enid I say " great " ... rebecca oh yeah , I can tell you really love it ! enid well , what be I suppose to say ? " I can not wait to live in some depress shit-hole in the middle of nowhere " ?! rebecca there 's something wrong with every single place we look at ! why do not you just come right out and tell I you do not want to move in with I ?! enid because you will freak out and act like a total psycho about it . a few passersby stop to watch . rebecca you be the psycho ! you have not be able to deal with anything since high school end ! enid you be the one who 's still live out some stupid seventh - grade fantasy ! rebecca ( as she walk away give she the finger ) fuck you ! have fun live with you dad for the rest of you life ! int . enid be room - later that day enid be on she bed , cry . her jacket and shoe be strewn about the floor . enid God fuck you too ! we see she dad stand outside she bedroom . as he enter he try to make enough noise so that she notice he before she really embarrass herself . she stop cry and pretend to be asleep . dad pumpkin ? what 's wrong ? enid ( she back to he , do not move ) nothing . dad sit next to she on the bed and put he hand on she shoulder . dad if there 's something wrong I wish you would tell I about it ... enid pull away from he and sit up on the opposite side of the bed , face away from he enid it 's nothing -- it 's just some hormonal thing ... do not worry about it ... dad I have get some important news to tell you , but it can wait till later if you be not feel ... enid what ? dad ( speak slowly and methodically ) well ... as you know , maxine and I have be see a lot of each other , and we decide it might be a good idea for all of we if she come back here to live at the end of the summer , just so we can all get to know each other and to make sure this be what we want . enid maintain a poker face for several long second before she burst into tear , utterly defeat . int . high school hall - day enid , determine , walk down the empty hall . she go into a room mark " Art class " . int . art CLASS - continuous roberta be in there with a bearded ex-hippy colleague . they be cover a student in plaster . enid hi I bring over my application for the art academy ... I hope it 's not too late ... roberta , absorb in she plaster , glance at enid . roberta just a minute ... then , realize who it be ... roberta enid ! I be so sorry about what happen . enid what do you mean ? roberta the whole business with the art show and the newspaper -- it 's absolutely -- enid huh ? roberta do not principal jaffee call you ? enid I do not check my message ... roberta oh my goodness ... well , the whole thing be just ridiculous , and as soon as the school board be back in session next fall I be go to do everything I can to help you . enid help I what ? roberta well they be force I to give you a non-pass grade in the class because of what happen at the exhibition ... but do not worry -- I be sure I will be able to get you you diploma in the fall ! enid ( pause , overwhelm ) but ... can I still get that scholarship to the Art Academy ? roberta I be sorry , enid - you have to be a official high school graduate before I can nominate you . I have to give it to someone else ... but I be sure next year I can -- the plaster -covered student make a uncomfortable moan noise . ex-hippy colleague ( flustered , to roberta ) hey , can you help I out over here ? ext . quality cafe - evening ( same day ) enid walk the street - it 's dark out now . she go by the Cafe - it 's close for remodeling . ext . commercial area / bus stop - later she continue walk until she 's across the street from norman 's bus stop . she see he there , as always . suddenly , a bus , well - light from the inside and completely empty , pull up to the stop and norman get on . int . seymour' live room - night ( about 11 pm ) a knock on the door - seymour shuffles out in T-shirt , pants , and goofy slipper . he look through the peephole and see enid . he open the door . seymour what be you do here ? enid I have to see you . seymour what 's up ? enid can you at least let I in ? seymour uh ... sure ... come in . enid ( cry ) look , I just need somebody to be nice to I for five minute and then I will leave you alone . seymour what 's the matter ? enid do you have anything to drink ? enid go to look for herself . seymour uh ... I think there 's some root beer ... enid what about this ? she return from the kitchen with a giant bottle of champagne . seymour that 's dana 's - I be suppose to be save it for we two - month anniversary . you better not -- enid ( as she start open ) fuck dana . I be sick of dana . she open it and drink straight from the bottle . seymour 's look say : " oh well , I be fuck , I give up . " int . seymour' bedroom - later that night enid &amp ; seymour sit on the bed listen to old record and drink out of the bottle . enid you need a bigger place - this be like a little kid 's room . seymour I could never move - I have get too much stuff . enid notice a extremely ugly modern sculpture in the corner . she go over and pick it up . enid where do you get this ? seymour dana buy it when we go antique shopping . she say it do not go with she stuff , so she give it to I ... she think it fit in better with my " old time thingamajigs . " enid Jesus , how can you stand she ? seymour take another slug off the bottle . seymour God , she 's go to kill I ... this bottle be half - empty ! enid that 's great ! " half -empty " - that 's what I like about you , seymour , you be a natural pessimist ! seymour if you expect the worst , you be never disappointed . enid what be you talk about ? you be disappointed every minute of you life . seymour I be just be realistic . enid at least you be not like every other stupid guy in the world - all they care about be guitar and sport ... they be all such fag ! seymour I hate sport . enid how come in all that time I be try to get you a date , you never ask I out ? seymour you be a beautiful young girl ... I can not imagine you would ever have have any interest in I , except as a amusingly cranky eccentric curiosity . enid yeah , but still ... it 's kind of insulting for a girl to be ignore like that . seymour I mean ... of course I ... why would not I want to go out with you ? enid I dunno ... I always feel like everybody secretly hate I . I be just paranoid I guess . I mean , you like I do not you ? we be good friend , right ? seymour yeah , sure . of course . enid ( contemplative pause ) ... maybe I should just move in here with you ... I could do all the cooking and dust you record collection and stuff until I get a job . seymour what about Joe ? enid oh yeah ... and dana ... ( say she name with whiny , disdainful voice ) you be a lot more fun before you meet dana . you have be act way too normal lately ... you be a bitter , twisted , fuck - up guy , seymour , that 's why I like you . seymour ( more drunk than before ) yeah , well I like you too ... ten minute later the bottle be empty . enid you know what my number one fantasy use to be ? seymour ( pause ) what ? enid I use to think about one day not tell anybody and just take off and go to some random place ... do you ever think about stuff like that ? seymour I guess I probably use to when I be you age . enid it would have to be some totally average day when nobody be expect it , and I would just disappear and they would never see I again . seymour sound like a healthy way to deal with you problem . enid you know what we should do ? let 's go get in you car right now and just take off ! we could just drive away and find some new place and start a whole new life ... fuck everybody ! seymour I do not think I be in any condition to drive . enid I will drive , then -- we will go out in a blaze of glory ! seymour so where would we go ? enid who care ? let 's just go ... what 's stop we ? seymour I dunno , I ... enid I be serious ! I be just so sick of everybody ! why can not I just do whatever I want ? seymour what do you want ? enid what do you want ? seymour I - i- I ... enid what 's the matter with you , seymour ? do not you like I ? be a man for once in you life ! she kiss he passionately . he 's shocked but kiss back . this escalate , lead to the sex act , show with merciful brevity . we see enid &amp ; seymour , post-coital . enid God , dana 's go to kill you ! seymour ... do you really want we to drive away somewhere ? enid what ?... maybe ... no ... I dunno ... seymour I will if you want to . enid no ... forget it ... seymour ( embarrassingly sappy ) i- I never expect anything like this to happen ... enid yeah , well ... I neither ... seymour you must know I always ... do you really mean all that about move in with I ? enid I be just think out loud ... ( do not want to hurt he feeling ) I mean , you have get this whole thing with dana -- I be not go to let you fuck that up ... seymour but , I ... enid shhh ... I really need to get some sleep . enid turn she back to he . we see from reverse angle that she 's only pretend to be asleep . she look troubled , as though she 's just make a big mistake . seymour put he arm around she . it 's the only time we have see he look relaxed and happy . seymour good night ... he kiss she arm and go to sleep . int . seymour be room - the next morning seymour wake up . enid be go . int . dana' office - expansion realty - day dana be on the phone . a lantern -jaw male colleague listen in , he head press up against hers . dana ( into phone ) it 's a thirty - year fix at five and - a-half ... seymour nervously enter she " workspace " . dana be pleasantly surprised - she stop she conversation . dana ( cover receiver ) seymour ! hello ! what be you do here ? seymour oh -- please - do not let I interrupt finish you phone call . dana we be almost do . ( she continue into phone ) hi. yeah ... no , it 's exclude . they have already pay the earnest money ... well , let they bring it up if they notice it at the final walk through . right , great , sound good ! she hang up and high - fives she colleague . they bear-hug . colleague great job ! I be proud of ya ! well , I will check you guy later . I be gonna go start the paperwork . colleague leave ; dana turn to seymour . dana hey ... so , what bring you down here ? seymour I uh ... I feel that I need to uh -- there 's something I feel I have to say ... I uh , I have never say this to anyone before -- believe I , I have stay in horrible relationship for year just so I would not have to do this , but I uh ... dana what be you try to say ? seymour it 's just that I feel like it 's maybe not a good idea for we to keep go out . dana sit down , stare ahead , stunne for a moment . suddenly she break down sobbing . seymour i- I honestly never intend for this to happen ... dana please tell I it be not that teenager ! seymour enid and I be just friend . you know ... we feel comfortable around each other ... she really like my old record and ... dana I can not believe this ! I think at the very least a guy like you would never pull this kind of shit on I ! she start cry again . seymour awkwardly try to comfort she . seymour dana , I ... um ... dana push he away violently . dana you disgusting pig ! you be just a overgrown baby who can not deal with a woman you own age . you pathetic weakling ! you make I sick ! int . enid be room - the same day enid be now utterly defeat . the phone ring . she let the machine pick it up . maxine enter . maxine May I ask what you be do ? enid shhh ! maxine I want to know what you think you be do , stay out all night and worry you father to death ! enid oh yeah , like he even notice . maxine listen , young lady ... I know you do not like I -- I do not really care whether you do or not -- but I will not allow you to treat you father the way you do . we hear seymour on the machine in the background ... seymour ( v.o. ) I really want to talk to you . I have be think about what you say about move in here ... enid I can treat he any way I want to - I be a adult ! leave I alone ! maxine leave . seymour finish he message . enid pick up the phone and dial . rebecca ( v.o. ) hello ? enid I need to talk to you . int . the coffee experience - day enid &amp ; Rebecca sit at a table . Rebecca be wear she uniform . enid I be sorry about the other day . I do not know what 's wrong with I ... I really do want to move in with you . rebecca I do not know ... I be think maybe I should live alone . I decide to rent that place we look at . I be move in next week . enid please let I come with you . please please please ... rebecca I do not know - I be not sure it 's a good idea . enid of course it 's a good idea ... it 's we plan . rebecca but how be you gonna pay rent and everything ? you do not even have a job . enid I will get a job tomorrow , I promise . if I do not , you can totally tell I to fuck off . int . enid be room - late morning enid be put on she shoe . her dad open the door slightly and stick he head in . dad pumpkin , be you in there ? enid be you go to yell at I ? dad about what ? dad yeah , I hear about that . enid I be in a horrible mood - tell she not to worry , I will be completely out of she life in a few day . dad she understand what you be go through and she really want to help you . she say that job at Computer Station be still available if you want it . enid I - I be not sure ... yeah , maybe . dad actually , I be just check to see if you be here - you friend seymour be on he way up . enid what do you mean " on he way up " !? dad I just buzze he in . just then , three sharp knock on the front door . enid what 's wrong with you ?! tell he I be not here ! dad but I can not -- enid just do it ! dad go to answer the door . enid hide in she room . dad ( v.o. ) I be not sure when she will be back ... enid look out the window and see seymour walk away . she have a terribly sad look on she face . int . seymour' bedroom - evening seymour sit in dim light , dial a antique " candlestick " telephone . in the background , a Peter , Paul and Mary concert play on the tv . we hear three ring follow by enid 's answer machine message . he hang up before it finish . Joe walk by the doorway . joe well , here 's where the fun never stop ! seymour yeah , I be really , really happy . really have a good time . joe still torture yourself over that enid , huh ? seymour do not answer . he look away . seymour where else be I ever go to find another girl who like geeshie wiley record ? ( pause ) she could at least have the decency to call I back . joe maybe she be just use you to try and get back at some guy . who know ? it could be a million thing . it 's waste time try to logically figure out the female brain , that 's for sure . again no answer from seymour , he stare off into space . joe maybe she 's get another boyfriend . seymour ( bum out , want Joe to stop ) yeah , well ... thanks for cheer I up . joe ( deadpan ) no problem . seymour look so miserable that even Joe have some compassion for he . joe look at it this way - at least thing can not get any worse . Joe leave . seymour be leave listen to the record . int . cook' chicken headquarters - day . seymour be at work , walk down a carpete hallway with many door on both side . a door open and a tony robbin - ish , 35 year - old management executive stick he head out . executive seymour ! just the man I want to see . step in here for a minute . seymour enter . executive have a seat . he plunk down the current issue of the free weekly - it 's open to a 1 / 2 page article on page 8 with the headline " oh brother ! " and a photo of the painting be remove . executive what can you tell I about this , seymour ? int . enid &amp ; rebecca' new apt . enid be wear a bright orange " Computer Station " T-shirt and a yellow vest with a " trainee " tag . she 's look around at she new home : a hopelessly drab , characterless apartment . rebecca so , whaddya think ? enid it 's fine . rebecca so where 's all you stuff ? enid point to a small box with sketchbook , etc . enid there . rebecca that 's all you be bring ? enid I be gonna finish pack tonight ... I will bring it over tomorrow sometime . rebecca what time ? enid I dunno ... rebecca make sure you be here by noon - we have ton of stuff to do ... oh yeah ! I have to show you something else ! she drag enid into the kitchen and open a built - in ironing board as though it 's the most amazing thing she 's ever-seen . rebecca be not this the great ? int . enid be room - late evening enid be sorting she stuff into box . digging through she closet , she find a box that she do not recognize . Inside be she old child 's record ( 45 's ) . she excitedly take one out and play it . she fold she clothes while listen to this song , which clearly be get to she . she grab mechanically for the next thing hang in she closet . it 's the uniform from she job at " Computer Station . " she fold it , put it in the box , then stop , stare at the orange fabric . int . enid and rebecca' apt . - the next day Rebecca be nervously arrange and re-arranging she stuff . she put up she gigantic new kitchen wall clock and set the time to 12:45 . she go to the phone and call enid . the machine pick up and Rebecca hang up . she do another tedious , pointless task . it be now 3:30 . she 's piss off and go to the phone to call again . as it ring there 's a knock on the door . relieved , she hang up and go to answer . rebecca ( as she open the door ) what 's wrong with you , retard - it 's three - thirty ! it 's seymour stand there , not enid . seymour uh ... hi . uh ... enid 's stepmother tell I I would find she here ? rebecca she 's not at home ? seymour no ... they say she be here ... rebecca what the fuck be she do ?! she be suppose to be here three hour ago ! seymour uh , do you mind if I wait ? I really need to talk to she . rebecca ( allow he to step inside but leave the door open ) be you sure she be not there ? maybe she be just hide from you . seymour why would she be hide from I ? rebecca I do not know ... where be she , then ? seymour maybe she 's with josh ? rebecca josh !? why would she be with josh ? seymour I do not know . rebecca why ? what do she tell you ? seymour she just mention he a few time and say that they have be dating - I think maybe she be ... rebecca what ? be she have some secret affair with josh ? seymour I have no idea - I just want to ... rebecca why would not she tell I ? there 's no way ! she could never keep that to herself ... you be crazy . seymour really , I do not know enough about it to ... rebecca that slut ! seymour ( change subject back to I ) why do you say she might be hide from I ? do she say anything to you about I ? rebecca ( get revenge on seymour ) yeah , she think you be a dork . seymour do she say that ? rebecca look , what do you expect ? consider how we meet you . seymour what do you mean ? rebecca on that pathetic fake blind date . seymour what be you talk about ? rebecca do not she ever tell you about that ? God , she really be pathological ... seymour what fake blind date ? what be you talk about ? Rebecca go over and get enid 's sketchbook out of the box and flip through it . when she get to the right page she hand it to seymour . rebecca here . read it and weep . we see a paste - up personal ad beside a drawing of seymour in wowsville . on the face page we see a draw of josh with he name surround by red heart . ext . sidewinder - afternoon seymour 's car screech into the parking lot . he burst into the store , ready for once in he life to make a scene . int . sidewinder - afternoon josh be behind the counter clean the slurpee machine , with he back to the entrance , as seymour storm in . Doug be over by the magazine rack read a dirt bike magazine . seymour I hope you have a good laugh at my expense . josh turn around - what 's go on ? he recognize seymour . josh huh ... oh ... hi ... uh ... seymour you want to see something funny ? I will show you something funny ! as he say this he flip over a SMALL display rack of potato chip . then he try to flip over a big display case in front of the counter but be unable to budge it - he keep try and get more and more frustrated . josh hey ! josh run from behind the counter to stop he before he create a huge mess . he try to grab seymour and they get into a ridiculous frantic scuffle . seymour start yell . suddenly Doug appear and get seymour in a choke hold with he nunchuck . Doug ad-lib cop-style jargon . josh be freak out . seymour realize what a fool he be and start to cry . the boss come out of the back room ... boss josh ! what go on here ?! int . enid &amp ; rebecca' apartment - around midnight the apartment be dark - light only by a harsh , annoying streetlight . Rebecca sit on the couch in sweat clothes , exasperate . she go to look out the window . Cars with loud radio can be hear drive by . she go to the phone - she check it and hang up . pause . she pick it up again - one last try . she dial the number and wait . we hear the beep of the answer machine . Rebecca hang up . she get into a sleep bag ( spread out in the center of a cold linoleum floor ) . she zip the zipper all the way over she head and curl up into a whimper ball . fade to black title card : " several month later " int . therapist's office - day the dialogue begin in voice - over as the title card fade . we slowly fade in to see seymour , lie on a pink pastel psychiatrist 's couch , as he speak to he therapist , a handsome , well - coiff woman in she late 40s . seymour I have to admit , thing have really start look up for I since my life turn to shit . therapist so tell I more about this job . what exactly will you be do ? seymour well , mostly archival research , catalogue old record and write liner note for they CD reissue . it 's really ... I can not believe it . therapist remember what I say when we first start -- this little breakdown might turn out to be the best thing that ever happen to you ! seymour it do not pay very much , but I should be able to afford my own place in a few month ... do you think that 's too soon ? I be really anxious to get my record collection out of storage ... therapist why do not we start with that next week ? seymour look up . she nod toward the large wall clock behind she : thirty second after five . re get up and she walk he slowly toward the door . seymour thank you , doctor . therapist ( as she open the door ) do not thank I . you be do all the work . a pause . they stand face each other . therapist seymour ? seymour yes ? therapist do you have a check for I ? seymour take a fill - out check from he shirt pocket . in the wait room , we see seymour' mother . mother seymour ? be you do ? do you have a chance to think about what you might want for dinner while you be in there ? seymour we can talk about it in the car , ma ... as they leave seymour look back and smile weakly at the doctor . int . quality cafe - late afternoon the Cafe have be fully remodeled and now resemble wowsville more than the old quality Cafe . there be no neighborhood " character " anymore , only well - heele twenty - somethings . we see that Rebecca be now a waitress here . she tear off a check and place it in front of a super - muscular , polo shirt european hipster , who be too busy tapping away at he powerbook to notice . she walk toward the end of the counter to total up she receipt . she look up and see enid , wear tasteful 1930 's style clothes , sit across from she . enid hi. rebecca oh , hi ... I almost do not recognize you -- I think I need to get glass ; you be all blurry ! enid ( nodd toward muscular hipster ) you be lucky then , you can not see the vein on that guy 's biceps . rebecca actually , he 's a really nice guy . we see at this point that Rebecca &amp ; enid be no longer friend , but there be also no hard feeling evident . rebecca do you want anything ? enid maybe a orange juice . Rebecca go to get it . enid look around , bemuse and sadden by what the quality Cafe have become . enid hey , look what I get ... she take a crumpled envelope from she pocket and pull out she diploma . rebecca wow ... finally . enid it just come yesterday ... pause . josh enter . enid turn around . josh hi enid . enid hey josh . josh be you ready to go ? for a moment it 's not clear who he 's talk to , and then : rebecca ( still count receipt ) yeah , just one second ... she finish , take off she apron and emerge from behind the counter . she kiss josh perfunctorily . rebecca ( to josh ) do you remember to pay the phone bill ? josh yeah . rebecca ( to enid ) call I sometime . enid definitely . we still have to go to that shoe store sometime . Rebecca &amp ; josh leave . enid be totally alone in the now-alien world of the quality Cafe . a momentary pause as she calmly stare into she orange juice . we see a small , round TRAVEL bag at she foot . ext . CITY street / acme shoe - evening we see enid walk down the familiar street of she world . it 's early evening , quiet except for distant street noise . she walk toward the old acme shoe and repair store . it look the same , miraculously preserve , until she stand right in front of it . she look through the partially paper over window and see workmen inside install new fixture : a modern counter and several small table , all make from a familiar GREEN plastic . a sign in the window read : " come soon : another coffee experience . ext . CITY STREET - evening she continue walk as the sun have set and there be a calm stillness to the city . she turn a corner and be startle by she reflection in a large window make of one - way glass . she stop and look at herself . everything about she look perfect for once ; no need to change a thing . she move closer to the glass and , shading she eye , try to look inside . she continue walk . darkness be just set in and she have the street all to herself . ext . commercial area / bus stop - night we see enid at norman' bus stop , sit on the bench . she look at the apartment building across the street . a woman who have just arrive home from work turn on the tv , bathing she live room with that eerie blue light . the same thing happen in another window down the street ... then another ... enid look down the street . in the distance a bus round the corner and head toward she . from a third - story window across the street , we see the bus as it arrive and stop , block enid from view . a moment later it pull away , leave a empty bench . the camera move upward , farther and farther away as the music swell and the credit roll . ext . bridge - evening the bus disappear over the crest of the bridge . the end