George Stevens ! production of edna serber 's novel '' giant screenplay by Fred guiol and Ivan moffat 1 . 2 . 3 . ae " oxawe " l/y/55 final / ae fade in long shot beautiful GREEN maryland countryside day a three - car local train be puffing black stoke eas it chug along through the rasture - land , Racing alcngside it be a playful group of mere and colt . dissolve : mo , shot the train it come to a gentle stop at a small country station . as it come to rest a vestibule and stairway be close in f.g . the leg and foot of a nan in high -heeled , western boot appear . he descend to the ground after the train stop . beside he poote foot he rest he suitcase , the camera be moving in on a close shot of the brand of reata ranch , which be burn boldly on the leather of the suitcase , her ? the music empha - size the western note of we , reata ranch theme , _ dissolve : _ long shot the man fhe train be pull out es he stand on emoty station grounc . be be tall and wear a stetson , now a older man ( dr . lynnton ) - approach he , shake he hand , end make a gesture to carry the suitcase . the westerner pick it up himself and the two start walk to a automobile stand by the track . dissolve : mo , shot the two men in the open car . Dr. lynnton be drive and he companion ( bick benedict ) , sit by he side '' look right and leave ad - mire the beautiful green countryside , he react to a SOUND , which Dr , lynnton also hear , and move to stcp the car . long shot at hedgerow . from the nearby woortlland a fox streak acroz the road , pur - sue by hound , immediately follow be the rider ~~ pink - coat huntsman and woman in riding habit . -- all leaping the hedge , among the first group of rider be lesli£ lynntch , mount on the magnificent black stallion war wind , she bound across the road in the lead , follow the hound . ' 1 = " gtant " " : l/y/55 pinal 2. closeup the two en bick watch she go by , excitement in he oye . dr . lynnton : ( excitedly ) there he be , there 's the stallion , that 's War wind , . bick ; - beautiful ! : dr . lynnton : . and that 's my daughter riding hin . that 's Leslie , bick : ( watch the disappear , chase , murmur ) uh-hvh , . dr . lynnton : : , Leslie 's my daughter . she 's riding he . ' bick : ( efter a pause ) dector , that sure be a beautiful animal , ' Dr. lymnton smile in agreement . . '' dr . lynnton : well , we will get with the horse first thing in 's th morning . . right now , you be come up to the house end get ready for dinner , : . dissolve : int , lynnton dine room . it be well wear but in the luxuricus old meryland tradition . ten be seat at the long dining room table finish dinner . pin in et one end of the table , between mrs . lynnton , at the head , and lacey ( Leslie 's young sister ) on he right , be 's bick benedict , his interest be unconsciously direct toward the far end where Leslie sit quietly talk to she dinner partner , sir david karfrey , Dr. lyrnton sit beside she at the head . two other young couple round out the dinner party , formally dress -- as be Leslie and karfrey . . oo . mrs . lynnton : . sc you be from nevada - be not you , Mr. beckwith ? . ( continued ) 7 ( cont . ) " gtant : . ' change final - : v 19/55 bick , who have be :n quietly watch Leslie , turn too late to have hear th : question . - . : : lacey : Texas , mama . : '' mrs , lynnton : Texas ? you be from Texas , Mr. beckwith ? bick : yes , matam - Texas , benedict 's the name . we note that Leslie , although continue to listen to karfrey 's conversation , have take advantage of bick 's interest elsewhere to quietly size he up . dialogue change mrs . lynnton : 0h -- you be here about horse , | be you not ? bick : " yes , matam , I come 's to buy the stallion War wind -- ( with a iook in Leslie 's direction ) if you daughter 's not go t> miss he too muche lacey : ( rether loudly } ' you would better not sell War wind , papa : - het '' Leslie 's very own . ~ : dr . lynnton : I have aireséy talk it over with you sister . , mrs . lynnton : ( quietly , to bick ) oh well - in ell likelihood we little Leslie . be go to be leave we soon , you know . - bick : one ae mrs . lynnton : ( quietly , with a gesture of she head ) Sir David 's with he embassy in - Washington . now he 's be call back to encland . <= will she dike it there ? : . bick : ' she 's go to marry he ? mrs . lynton : well - it 's bound to hapven sooner or later . . Leslie could have marry - well - anybody , you - might say . I do not know what she 's boon wait for - goodness know she be not all that beautiful . ( continued ) '' 6 tant " h , sy final pad 7 ( cont . 1 ) eslie have be attempt to intercept something of this con - versation from the far end of the table , unsuccessfully , she note she little sister roll she eye in the direction of the mother , with implication , : leslie : mother , let I sell Mr , benedict War wind . I can tell he all he bad point , for one thing , he eat too much «- do rot he , papa ? but yeu see , it 's War wind or I , Mr. benedict , * something have to go . dr . lynnton : ow , 's Leslie - you know that horse be just too spirite for any woman to ride , . bick : ( as he be be serve coffee by jefferson swazey , a old retainer ) I kmow , miss Leslie , you horse be go to miss you and this nice green country , but I will do my ' best to make he feel at home in Texas . * leslie : : be not Texas green , Mr. benedict ? . bick : no , matam =< not altogether , -- '' mrs , lynnton : . what ' be Texas like , Mr , benedict ? you must . tell we . bick : well , that 's not too easy , it 's different ' than any + other state , I guess . . ( he look towards Leslie ) oo at least that 's what we think , it 's a different country almost . . : karfrey : . well , to a inglishman , like myself , the mere size of it take you breath . away . . bick : w- it 's big all right . * karfrey : -- and how large be you ranch ? bick : most '' every size - large to small , dr . lynnton : a , Mr. benedict 's reata be one of the large of they all . : ( continued ) of 7 ( cont . 2 ) the : to . / we rae ys karfrey : really , how large be : that ? bick : it 's one of the big one , lacey : ( look he right in the eye ) how big be that ? bick : . there be one or two other as tig maybe , up where we be -- one or two bigger gown on the coastal plain , karfrey : oh come now , Mr , benedict ~ can not you be more specific ? what 's the size of you plece ? fifty thousand -- twenty thousand acre ? bick : ( as look across at leslis , where ‘ae feel sympathy ) around a half million , . five hundred and ninety - five thousand acre to be exact , Mrs. lynnton , who have be turn aueyz , now slowly look to . bick in unbelief , '' dr . lynnton : I cal that quite a parcel , . rs , lynton ; how many acre do you say , Mr. benedict ? leslie ; he say five hundred and ninety - five thousand , mama , «- and you should see the greedy look on you face , . Leslie rise and move to rescue , bick from further interro - gation . leslie ; Witness excuse , ( bick stand } Jordan , will not you come to the hunt Ball with we ? it will be fun , bick : . no thanks , miss Leslie -- I be afraid itd . look good over " there in this outfit . ( continued ) 7 ( cont , 3 ) i , Mt . . pial aed as the other move away from the table , bick and Leslie gravi - tate off together io the veranda , continue to talk , the other file out of the dining room towards the hallway . mrs , lynnton : well , Dr. lynnton , I must say you seem to care very little what become of you daughter ! dr . lynnton : what now , Nancy ? mrs . lynnton : bring Mr. benedict here and never tell I a word about he , not a syllable . 8 . veranda step slie and bick . ' mooqnliget bick : I like ycur country , 7 leslie : gantt you stay on - and really see something of it ? bick : | she make . take it , it 's rourdup time in my country ~- big sprin roundup . you country ? bick : , reata , leslie : my country and you country -- Jordan , you make we sound so far apart . bick '' maybe youfll come out and see it . when you : get a chance , karfrey' voice : ( 0.s. ) Leslie ! Leslie , my dear -- . a little move to go , hold out she hand . bick bick : . I guess I will be off real early in the morning , so = goodbye . ( continued ) u t . . mar yhas 8 ( cont . ) 3}. 10 . leslie : I be really awfully glad you cane - ' and I be not go to say goodbye to you here = now = in the '' moonlight -- it would be too touch =. goodnight . he drop she hand , Leslie go . , dissolve 10 ; int , bick bedroom night - he 4s lie amid the soft frill and pillow of a unaccustome bed , he can not sleep . he hear the distant music of the hunt Ball -~ - he get up and go to the windov . he listen for a moment and then turn awey , ' go back to the bed and lie down . . " dissolve to : closeup grandfather clock hallway it be five minute to eleven . pan to frent door as Leslie , be - turn from the 3all , let herself into the auiet housc . she hesitates , then wiih sudden decision go to the library dso > and enter , : | . . ~ — int , library mo . shot ' Leslie turn on a light , go to a bookcase , ceretulty scru - tinize the content , . m a , dissolve to : int , leslie' bedroom . Leslie be lie in bed ' amidst a small library . she 's busily read . after a moment the bedroom door open a crack , quite ' slowly , and Leslie glance up at it wonder who will enter . it 's lacey . lacey : : be not she party any good ? lacey stroll over to the bed and pick up one of though volume . . lacey : oo . : -- you leave the hunt Ball just to come home and read ? '' * leslie : go along to bed -- like a good girl . | ( gontinued ) we at : . ) final lead 12 ( cont . ) lacey have pick up a second volume . she examine it , and give she sister e look . lacey : Texas ! -- 0 - Ho ! Leslie have bury herself in the book . lacey : be you in love with he ? leslie : ( read ) é I think so . lacey : oh -- Ho -- . : leslie ; now will you do I a favor and | ram along to bed ? . lacey : ~ a' Leslie -- . lacey go toward the door , lusliz : goodnight ! lacey open the door , almost pass through the doorway , turn . . . | lacey : if you be not go to marry davia -- will -- will you give he to I ? leslie : . ( sharply ) yus! goodnight . so say , she bury herself more ° firmly in she book , 8b lacey close the door , -dissolve to : int , bick bedroom '' he be now fast asleep , dissolve : 13 . ° 15 . 17 . 18 , " qtant '' : 7 ay /55 final . . 9 . int , leslie' bedroom the light of dawn be come in the window . she be still readin ; , dissolve : panoramic shot the lynnton estate the countryside , in the early sunlight , look fresh and mag - nificent . , bick be gallop War wind in fine style around the pasture : at the end of the gallop he turn in the direction of e se . _ a upper window Leslie 's face be psere out of it , absorb in the spectacle which we have just see , her eye , as we hear the horse 's hoof on the gravel , follow until they come to rest directly delow she . . full shot the front porch Dr. lynnton and swazey have be stand watch the ride . as bick diamount ea GROOM take the bridle end lcad War wind - ' bway . bick : as far as I be concerned , Doctor lyanton , it 's a deal . . he guardedly look arowmd for someone . dr , lynnton : . ten thousend dollar be a lot of money , Jordan . bick : ' he 's a let of horse . dr . lynnton : well , come elong , Jordan , we will get breakfast and get go .. '' prssoxve : : int , lynnton dine room a generous array of breakfast dish be lata out . on the side - board , the man , have help themselves , sit down to the table as Leslie come in with a rush -- which she check at ( continued '' " giant " y / /! 5s ; 10 , : - final 1 & ( cont . ) . : . + once , she look very young and pale in the little blue dress oc . with white collar and cuff -- she hair tie with a ribbon , y . e dr , lynnton : ( look at she in astonishment ) why , Leslie , you -- leslie : hello «+ good morning . she look very straight at she father and begin serve herself . bick : , , ( mach relieved ) you «= a «- you do not look as if vrou have besn dance all night , miss Leslie . . leslie : ° - : ( pour a cup of coffee , ' : stop - with decision ) , I - come home at quarter to eleven and I read . about Texas until five this morning . - : dr . lynnton : . i oh , Leslie , let the poor boy eat he breakfast . ss in peace . bick : '' it take a lot of read -- Texas do , i woe leslie : . : we really steal Texas , do not we , Mr. benedict ? I mean away from Mexico . bick wait quite a moment before he answer . ' a : bick : you be catch I ea little early to start joke , miss Leslie . . wt , leslie : . : tok I be not joke , Jordan . it 's right there in the en . ' history book , be not it ? this Mr. Austin move down there with three hundred family , it say , and the next thing you . know they 'r2 claim it from Mexico , - dr , lynnton ; Leslie , you -- . J . bick : '' : I never see anything es ignorant as some Eastern people . why , it -- ' ( continued ) " giant " , l/h /58 final . il. 218 ( cont .1 ) leslie : please , Jordan , I be just talk impersonally - about history . . bick : ; . you -- you think all the glory be what happen East -- at bunker Hill and Valley Forge , do you know -- leslie : . Jordan , you < = bick : do you know about San jacinto ? do you ever hear of tae alamo ? leslie : certainly , I read about they last night . , I didntt mean to b3 impolite , but it 's new to I . I just mean it 's just all new to I , and so fascinating , dr . lynnton : but , Leslie , you mus not talk like that to a Texan , they feel very strongly about they state . leslie : {to she father ) well he should not take thing so hard . ( to bick ) Jordan , you would think some one have spoiled you terribly -- you wife , or somebody ? - bick be take aback by this sudden change . bick : I have not any wife . I live with my sister . leslie : . ( mischievously ) - why be not you marry , Jordan ? dr . lynnton : oh , Leslie -- first you attack a man 's country and now you try and pry into he family life . ( take bick breath ) , it a deep brea 's : . thank you , dector . ( fold he napkin ) Texas be the place for woman . - here they _ Bet pampere and spoiled out of all reason , lacey edge into a chair next to Leslie . . . , ( continued ) tt " . . ' final 1g '' 18 ( cont . 2 ) 19 . - lacey : how we doin ' ? : dr . lynnton : ( clear he throat ) we will have to be get along , Jordan . ( leok at he watch ) -- if you be go to make you train , the scene be now interrupt by the arrival of Mrs. lynnton , mrs . lynnton : good mern , everybody . good morning , Mr , benedict Leslie , dear , if Mr , benedict have finish breakfast why do not you show he the stable ? leslie : : , . we have just quarrele in a polite wey about Texas , '' go it 's no use try to palm not off on he , anyway Mr. ber.edict 's probably éngage to marry the daughte : of the adjoin ranch who , though beautiful , be comparetively poor and hes onl : two hundred thousand acre end a half million cow . mrs . lynnton : {to bick ) be ' she pretty ? - ' bick : who ? : dr . lynnton : . ( look at he watch with a start ) gotta hurry . Mr. benedict and I be go now , + Goodbye , everybody . . so say , Dr. lynnton rise and go out the ' door . bick stop at the threshold to wait as leslic pass . he turn to go ' along with wher '' but Mrs , lynnton engage he . mrs , lynnton : . who , may I ask , be the lucky young lady you be go to marry -- with al that cow ? ext . veranda . Dr. lynnton , hurry , doscend the stair , Leslie hesitates at though top . : dr . lynnton : and get though car . ( continued ) u i . suas iiss 19 ( cont . ) qo '' 20 . '' 21. bick emerge , Mrs. lynnton with hin , ' his eye be on the wait - ing Leslie , . : : bick : : ( to Mrs. lynnton ) : funny thing be , my neighbor be a girl -- vashti hake ( a trifle louder ) and perhaps there be some idea of my marrying she , but I be not . dr . lynnton : ( 0.8 . ) come along , benedict , if you be go to catch that train ; Leslie look around to bick , find he eye on hers , she turn and start slowly down the stair , draw he with she . lecey appear at doorway in b.g. , gulp she breakfast . 0.8 , train whistle , eo - oe mrs . lynnton : dear I , it . all sound so romantic , lacey move slightly to let karfrey emerge from inside . he be ' bright and fresh , nhere 's everybody ? long shot toward paddock bick strolling away with Leslie , in the b.g , the little train come along , trail a plume of white smoke , closeup dr . lynnton at the wheel of he car , the motor be run . he turn and see the train , slant a look in the direction of bick and Leslie , turn the motor off resignedly . . mo . shot veranda / . lacey slip she arm through karfrey 's . lacey : . come along , David . you be for I . she stroll he along the veranda . | ko 23 . 25 . 27 . CD face the light , then break and run , out ss long shot bick and leslie they be stand at the pasture fence as War wind come gallop up , toss he head . the little train , trail | its plume of white smoke , be disappear in the distance . we hear its whistle - faintly . I fade out fade in '' ext . OPEN country -. " wren we hear sound of a train travel fast . camera be alongside look in through the eperture of a railway express car , we see War wind ' head and the shoulder of he blankete body . the fast - move train be blow he . forelock and mane , the whistle sound for a crossing . War wind turn he head to look towards the rear of the train , the camera slow and car window go rush by . . dissolve : be 4 window at the near of the tralw nighyt from within a darken room we see the face of bick and Leslie . they head be close together , peer ous , a picture of con - tentment . moving shot night landscape as the train fly by . we see a coyote stop for a moment to int , bedroom of luxurious private car night it be dimly light so that the two passenger can see.out into the night . Leslie be fascinate as she watch the unfold mystery of the western night . . 's leslie : ( take hold - of bick 's arn ) what be that ? a woif ? bick : no , honey , just a old coyote . bick move away from the window and lie back on the bed . {continued ) 28 . 29 . 27 ( cont . ) o '' @tant " , ' 5 final agi/ s5 bick ; ( ssretches ) do not you think you have do enovg2 sightseeing for a litsloe while , honey ? ‘( pull dow the shade , leave only a tiny shaft of moonlight ) leslie : : tell I a3 soon as we be in Texas , bick : that 's : Texas you be look at honey - for the . ' last eigh hour . leslie : ( recline luxuriously a . tne semi-darimess ) : Jordan , tiere 's something about a private car for just two people that 's almost deliciously immorel . . bick : mte well , we sa not say it 's be dull , honey . _ , that be -- so far anyway . . leslie : ( vary confidentixzliy } I do not know how other bride feel on they . honeymoon , Mr. benedict , Bin , but I a have a lovely time . . , bick : : ( after a long pause ) . : " + dissolve : mo . shot he.end of the moving train night . the camera follow at a fast clip , show the brassy rear ntexas & end of a private car . the illuminate sign read : western " and inside the circle we see the brand and the lettering - " benedict — reata " , so '' dissolve to : same shot the train , stop early morning sun slant across the sign . , . dissolve : " gtant " : final bele bedroom private car . _ day the shade be draw -- a crack of sunlight enter . Leslie lie there rumple end curl up , sound asleep . on sound of door datch , camera swing to washroom , bick 's head appear from within , he be finish shave . bick : ( softly ) wake up -- we be here , he imeel alongsi‘le of she +- shake she ever so gently , bick : we nre hore , honey . Leslie awaken . . leslie : we be - where «- who '' < < ' ( she see he and silo : ' on , helio . she sit up a little and raise the shade to see out , reveal - ~ ing , through the window of the side - track car , a view of endless open counszy . : ' leslie : . . : {taken aback ) . . . be ' thts Texas ? : ' bick : nmove close to the window ) this be benedict , honey , where we ship from . — the wind blow and the dust swirl around the window , | leslie : ( face to glass ) it isntt much , be it ? bick : Texas be a big country , honey . this be not all of the I wonder what 's keep that boy . '' leslie : I can see for mile and mile and mile . bick : you can not even begin to see part of my ranch , let blone Texas , -- well - at last . that no - good , injun-broke obregon -- beat on ny duesenberg . '' ~ og 31 . 32 . 33 . bite 35 . 36 . " giant " , : final . * , yes from there view a car be leave a trail of dust as it streak across the prairie toward the siding . , _ dissolve : extreme long shot mile of OPEN TEXAS country in the f.g , the luxurious privete car stand alone at the end of the spur , abuse by the dust and the persistent wind . down the track a express car be stand , from which War wind be be unload into a handsome trailer . nearby , the duesenberg be wait . the tslegraph wire overhead ium - a moan sound that continue on one note , endlessly . . dissolve : '' close shot at vestibule step as bick and Leslie leave the protect comfort of the private ' car and dismount to Texas soil . Leslie be bundle up to shield she from the sting wind , the porter , in he blue coat , '' essista she to the ground , long shot , panning they walk toward bick 's duesenberg where angel obregon , the @river , be stow some baggage . nearby , a.mexican boy is_ hold the horse deside the trailer . lesiie hurry to War wind , closeup leslie and war wind she comfort the horse as he look anxiously around at all the ' wide open space , in the b.g. we faintly hear bick , in Spanish , give angel a dress down for be late with the car on such a important occasion . Leslie move in they direction . closeup bick and angel as Leslie enter , 7 oo bick : . , . this people never will learn to take responsibility . angel hear this , shrug . Leslie , perhaps as a gesture of intercession on angel 's behalf , put out she hand in a friendly way and say -+ . °° ( continued ) o qo " gtant " so final ig " 36 ( cont , ) leslie : I be Mrs , benedict , angel do not presume to take she proffer hand . angel ; Bien venudo , senora , unwrap a piece of paper , angel produce a pretty , rustic bouguet . angel : : , Bien vem.do - a los novio . - he cast a tentative look in bick 's direction , then timidly proffer the flowez 's to Leslie , leslie : ( touch ) ae oh ! . . ( look to bick ) bick : - ‘( translate ) : welcome , the newlywed , - gracias , angel . leslie : , oh ! . ( take the flower ) oh - gracias -- gracias , gracias , bick . ( open the car door ) all right , Les . . leslie : and what be you name ? : . angel : - angel -- angel obregon . leslie : . ' that 's a very beautiful name . gracias , angel obregon . . .t bick : - ( uncomfortable ) come on , Leslie . — Leslie leave angel with a grecious smile and while get in the car encounter bick 's somewhat stern countenance , she look at he questioningly . ( continued ) a ‘ezant ss final . : : a / 36 ( cont .1 ) so 37 . 38 . 36 . 40 , 4a , bick : . it 's fifty mile to coffee , dissolve ; - vast expanse of flat , brushy country we see bick 's car go away and across . it be create a cloud of dust that streak behind it for a mile , dissolve : insert speedometer the needle be at 80 m.p.h. , ae dissolve : OPEN shot the old reata gate in f.g. the car , trail its plume of dust , roar to fig . and through the gate . as it pass , camera pan with it . suddenly the ierge , castle - like , main house of reata loom siiermuus on the flat plein , closeup bick and leslie bick : this ds ity vhoney . Home . leslie : , but , it 's huge ! I think it be a ranch -- @ ranch house , : through windshield imposing , old -fashioned ' mansion it loom enormous on the flat 's plein as the car approach . bick voice : '' my father build it to show the cotton crowd that @ cattlemin be as high - power as they be , ' close shot of mansion / . as car pull up in front of main driveway and stop . Leslie - step out , dook up at the building . leslie : it 's enormous , for just we two . ( cénrrveD ) 2 ( cont . ) oo xn 43. 45 . " it : ‘er ufwss bick : luz life here with I - with we . she 's run the house ever since Mom pass on . ( he laugh a little ) some say she run the ranch . another angle along the driveway aft old Ford pickup be stand jatke up , with the hood off for repair , from underneath , a greasy face appear and casually watch the arrival , long shot at front of house two mexican servant girl make they appearance , bow . - bick give they instruction about the baggage . : leslie : . ( try out hér Spanish , charmingly ) gracias - gracias , '' bick : take it easy . . leslie : ( to the girl ) what be you name ? ' the girl stand idly look at one another , close shot jett rink come out from unéer the Ford . he be a intense look young man , with a curiously powerful build . he get to he foot on the off side and watch unobserve . : mo , shot bick , leslie , and servant leslie : lupe -- petra -- gracias , lupe -- gracias , petra . the aim shuffle off , carry baggage and giggle . . bick : '' donit overdo it , please . : leslie : : | what 's wrong ? ( continued ) . 46 ( cont . ) . C of my. 48 , , + they embrace . " giant " final b/y/ss° 21 , bick : ( bravely ) we do not behave like that . leslie ; behave ? bick : . down here ~~ make a fuss over that people . ( a bit of a smile ) you be a texian now , : . leslie : be that @ state of mind ? -- I be still myself , bick : you be my wife , honey . leslie : I have a mind of my own - and elsewhere , be ' gracious be acceptable , bick : hiotre gracious -- but -- youfve be read too many book , that 's you trouble , closeup bigk and leslie he notice that she appear to be hurt . . bick : honey , I be sorry . she be amused by a think . " " leslie : Fine thing . stand here - quarreling - with | the rice still in we hair . we sense the strong , intense feel that draw they together . he pick she up in he arm and hold she close , give the door a shove and cross the threshold . ' gloseup jett rink thoughtful , and perhaps more erect . int , of the MAIN hallway as 's they enter they laughter echoe against the high wall . impetuously they kiss , long and sitentiy . '' oranrt se pinal wes a longer shot to show luz benedict , who have be hasten to the doorway , stop in she track not ten foot from ths ardent couple , she just stand there . - Leslie look about the room , leslie : and oh -- it 's cool , . bick tip she to she foot . she stagger azainst he and they both notice luz at the same time . : due : oe I think somebody be hurt mayb . bick : ( laugh a little ) oh - you there , luz , we be here . we be home . luz : - . yes * indeody . «= howdy , miss lynniion . bick : tus , this be my wife , Mrs , benedict , and do not you stert roweling Leslie first thine . lesiia , , this be my sister . ' _ leslie : of course , luz : welcome indeed , we have be look for you for week , . ( she smilo and shake Leslie 's hand firmly ) . leslie : we be not suppose to come . sooner - be we ? | luz : with all the spring work to be do + the roundup -- it do not figure bick would stay away . : : bick : if I only miss roundup every time I have a honeymoon , I will not be miss too many . hear the sound of a motor in the grivouay , bick turn and look out the window . bick : ' think I fire he off this place , : ( start for the door ) '' @ tantt &/4/55 - ; final 23 , ' oq be driveway . jett be in the driver 's seat of the duese :berg , gun it be hard , smoke come from the exhaust . bick enter scene , bick : wait a minute . what do you think you be do with thet automobile ? '' jett : do not take off on I , the truck break down . take it sasy . . ' '' 52 , luz and leslie inside , watch this , luz : ( a slight smile on she face ) Jordan and jett ere everlastingl :r jangling about something . ' scuse I . we can faintly hear the sound of ' the man 's voice as she walk out . . 53 . mo . shot driveway . jett get out of the car . jett : . ' I would have go on down the road , like you say . she want I to stay on and work , you , go and all , I stay on , lot of thanks I get . bick look around , see luz - who indicate a slight confirme - : : tion of what jett say , a . " jett : truck break dow , just grab this car to go get part , I get plenty to do . bick : . all right . just remember , next time z say get - you get , . . jett : ( shrug ) . . tell that to the madama . she be the one . i luz : that 's right -- you away , need & 11 the help there be , ( continued ) " oranr " k/y/35 final . : ii " £ 3 ( cont . ) jett ; —. the rest of them be all afraid cf she , all xk . except you and I , bick , : bick : all right . you just do you work , jett : . just tell I who 's boss around here and rf : I will do like they say . jett start for the car but step as lesliz come out of the house , he look at she somewhat boldly ani wait as if for sn introduction , bick feel this . u : luz : . . jett , this be bick 's new wife , Leslie , this boy here be jett rink , he work for we . : leslie : ' : ( smile ) how do you do , . jett : hello . € ' . he just stand there , luz sense that bick want ' he on : he way . , . luz : . : mou would better get go , jett . get that truck fix , jett hesitates for a fraction , get back in the car mutter , jett : . nobody 's king in this country - nobody - no matter what they think . . '' " bhek almost ' smile at this , turn , take Leslie toward the house , co - . . bick : : I be sorry , honey , thing go loco ' round here q any time I be away . dissolve : e sy , the great stairway @s bick and Leslie reach the landing . Leslie ' turn to look back down into the main hall . luz continue on . ( continued ) a " gtant " k/4/s5 final . : 25 . su. ( cont ) 56 . 57 . luz : sure -- we have even have them sleep on cot - down there in the hall , remember the time of the big rodeo , bick ? . . * they proceod ' along the balcony , luz : ( laugh heertily ) . yeh - kale beebe blow in higher than a kite . slept on the sofa and bick 's office , must have ride nightmare all night , cause he cut the couch to ribbon with he spur . they come to a stop where some servant be talk suitcase d4nto a room , luz : this she 's bick 's room , |. . : ( start off down the hall } and this down here be you room , honey . she stop walk , sense that she be not be follow . there be utter silence for a moment , then leslie laugh a little and bick doc too , they humor grow -- they langh heartily , as two pospl logether in spirit can . closeup luz ‘her eye fix on the two , her face be rigid with the be - '' sentment of one whe do not share a joke . : : another angle bick , sober , pat luz 's shoulder kindly . : - bick : . look , sis , we be marry . you know how that be . we be have that big connect room . ons of - ‘em we will fix for a sit room - where the : breeze will get we - where we can sit and talk . . ' leslie : : - not talk secret , luz -~ just husband and wife talk , oo . closeup luz luz : yeh - sure , of course , dissolve : a 4 ss X . & 59 . b/y/ s5 26 , long shot CENTER of ti1 . MAIN hall . night there we see bick and lesite -- she be dress for dinner in a rather delicate tea gown end bick be in canvas pants and brush jjack.t open at the throat . he be telking animatedly about the ornamental display of flag that stand above they on staff project from the wall . . bick : . . the six flag , they be the history of Texas , honey . this be the first one = the Spanish flag . then come ths french , then the mexican , honey , this be the flag of the Republic of Texas . fae hold the tip of the barmer and display it with a restrain air of deep pride ) - we fifth flag be this , the flag of the confederate - States -. : leslie : a ( see the last.one , help out ) , do not tell I - the flag of the United States , from the direction of the dining hall we hear the clatter of luz 's approach footstep , they turn to greet she . she enter and pull you short as she look at Leslie , : luz : '' well , come on in ! where 's ' the party at ? my ! Leslie stand there somewhat take aback , dissolve to : dine hall dominated by a great table that will seat twenty , down its middle , at interval , be cluster of bottle -- catsup , chili sauce , vinegar , oil , etc . the three :are huddle at one end of the table , bick at the head , two mexican girl be serve platter with fry steak , . wegetables , mashed potato , flour gravy . : bick : . . do not she look lovely , luz ? . luz : . Im just wonder . where at she 's go to wear a ] 1 that party dress , bick : . . . she 's go to wear they for I , be not you , Leslie ? " ( continued ) '' 60 . 61 . 62. a 59 ( cont . ) t " grant " : , final , bpli / os leslie : ( take a bit of luz 's tene ) I be swapping they for gingham , I know there 's a lot tc do just run a hug house like this . 's luz look up questioningly . bick ; luz , she tend to all that , luz : . the house run itself , honey -~ with I givi : it a little shove and a push now and then , leslie ; of course but -— - _bick : : this house be here for you to be happy in . we want you to just love it here , do not we , luz ? . luz : that 's so , bick , .. . - ( to Leslie ) - . '' you have not get a ' thing to worry ahout , honsr . after a moment 's silence -- -dissolves : close shot on the weather vane : dawn which be at the peak of the roof of the big house stable . it be a facsimile of a longhorn steer , in copper . it 's alive with movement as the persistent wind from the North blow . _ insert a hand . wallop a triangle with a steel pipe. oo , - flase 10 : closeup leslie attractive in slumber . the breakfast go and a comanche yell cause she to open she eye and make a quick appraisal of where she be , she turn to the other half of the large bed , and see only a indentation on she partner 's pillow to give evidence '' that she have not be alone . she rise and cross quickly to the window , the morning sun strike she face , she see -- 65 . ‘ee . " orant " /u/s5 final . 28 . wide panoramic shot bick in chap and stetson swing into the saddle , he turn the horse loose i : a gallop and head for the distant group of naqueros . his horse be stretch out and lope hard as bick split the air with he version of the bleod-curdling comanche yell . i in this scene of man and horse we feel the spirit of eari morning exuberance . int , bedroom Leslie watch , then turn from the window hurriedly to dress , : : : dissolve : long shot MAIN fall as Leslie come dewn the stoirwey , dress prettily for riding . she open 's the big front door and stand there look in the @irection that bick have go . the wind be blow the dust in and as she close the door the camera pan to include luz , who be stand there look at Leslie . : luz : . howdy . petra 's get you breakfast ready . * ' dbslie : ( thoughtfully ) my you and Jordan have have breakfast ? luz : . . ' sure , bick and I , we have we coffee and talkee every morning of we life at five otclock , get thing round up for the day . leslie : oh ? I be boing to ride with hin , ‘to the roundup . luz : be too hot for you . I tell he so . : leslie : . oh ? : '' puz petra ! bring that in here . ( to Leslie ) you get to stay out of that sun . it 's rough . petra enter and put a tray down in front of Leslie . notice - able , particularly , be a steak with a fry egg on top of it . ( continued ) . '' qtant " : ss , final es ° 65 ( cont . ) 66 . luz : : sit down , you blood 's too thin , that 's the trouble with a lot of Easterner , . leslie : thank you , petra , gracias . . ( to luz ) - I be fine , luz , I 'ma lot tougher perhep than you think , . . . : luz : : . : I - I never have a sick day in my life - ' cept when I gct throw and tromped or .. . she start to move away ) all you get to do be take it easy and this rich - Texas air will fix you up . . ( she stop and look back at Leslie ) ' and do not you worry none about be lonesome . I 'tm go to round up you neightor and you be go to meet some folk . yes irdeedy . you be go to meet some folk , closeup leslie whe have step the business ef butter she toas e a t watch luz as she exit . . gu she fac determination , closeup bick and leslie bick be dress for a party , western fashion , Leslie be dress rather smartly in a costume that seem somewhat too fragile for she surroundings . ' they be amidst a group cf , people gather for an.olé - fashioned barbacoa . Leslie look ‘up to catch the sun and shield she eye from its force . she move over under the meager shade from one lone tree , drew the group with she . she lean against the tree and laugh , pleased to be shelter from the sun . . luz : . Leslie , this be ida Rose motten = and this be jo ella eeezer , and eula jake , ( as the girl pass Leslie , they shake hand ) miz wirt tanner - aurie hildebrand , fernie kling . ee girl at the end of the line have stop and just stand ere , . ( cowrinued ) " giant " . 4 /l/55 30 . not , final 's ° 67 ( cont . ) af bick : lo : . ( to Leslie ) - ; now you be go to meet you neighbor . , leslie : . my next door neighbor ? the one who life ' only fitty mile away - with ali the cow ? '' ' bick : ( with a nod toward vashti ) that 's she , -- . ( he call ) . + vashti ! '' , vashti hesitates , silently , almost sullenly . then she come walong . Leslie move part way to she , . : leslie : a , ( warmly ) 's I be glad to moet you at last , you be vashti hake . Jordan have tell I so much about you . yashtt , red-face and 111 at ease , hesitates a& moment then put out she hand in greeting , C Te . vasute : : please to meet you , Mrs. Jordan benedict . they clasp hand . vashti smile . " leslie : itm glad we tre neighbor , vashti - now we would better start be real good friend , a little cowboy have come along behind vashti . he speak up . rather rimidly . . little cowboy : '' lo , ' bick , ' bick : pinky ! you be here right along ? . pinky : , ( zrow brave ) we howdy , miz benedict . my name 's mott snythe -- they call I pinky . . . . . leslie : . - be you part of reata ? . bick : pinky ts the top hand on the | freke ranch , ( continued ) " giant " ' w/y / ss - final . 31 . 67 ( cont . 1 ) 68 , 69 . pinky : ( modestly ) thank you , bick , luz at barbecue she have move over to supervise the ceremonious cooking of the. barbacoa , luz : bick ! you - bick : come here ! | back t0 group . ; tin cup of corn whiskey be ' be pass around . ollie whiteside : I propose a toast to a daughter of Old maryland that 's bloom into a-citizen of the Lone Star State . '' + ( nold the cup high ) this be take up in chorus . most of they take a swig of the corn snd react as if it be very rough , albeit pleasani . . - Leslie weteh this and as she feel the toast be more to Texas then to she , she take a little swig . it be rough and cause she to lean back wider the shelter of the tree and brush she _ hand against she forehead . bick notice tis , bick : you all sight , honey ? . leslie : ( with some effort ) Fine , darling . voice ; ° to the bride ! : yashti have turn she eye to pinky . she take he hand . - we hear pinky 's voice , alone and clear , he eye on vashti -- : ' ' to the bride . vashti : ( with quivering courage ) it seem there 's more than just one bride here today , : ' bick : how 's thet ? ( continued ) on for ) cu x " giant " : , l/y / final : 32 , 35 ° 69 ( cont . ) 7o . vashtt : : mott snythe and I be marry yesterday in hermoso , shout of congratulation and unbelief , they surge toward pinky and vashti . bick be foremost , he face honestly radiant with kindness and happiness , : . bick : - . well , vashti . _ I could not be happier , if I — asrti : ( on the vorne of tear ) thank you , bick . barbacoa pit in the b.g. eusubio be raise a ob ject from the pit , super - vise aby uz . she 'react to the crowd around vashti '' . with uz : well , I guess that leave only not , " adarene otinch : | luz , '' everyone in novis County mow you would rather herd cattle than make love . luz : . there 's one thing you get to say for cattle , when you put you brand on one you imow where it 's at , ( she turn to the barbacoa pit ) , get it out of there , boy . the complete head of a calf , smoking hot from the pit , be place on a platter . luz climb on a bench and bawl ~- : | luz : . . come and get it or I will throw it in the creek . everyone react with whoops of enthusiasm , group shot by the tree ainclude Leslie and bick . leslie : ( smile ) - I be starve , - ( she turn , and see the - delicacy «- stunne ) what 's. that ? ( conrmnved ) " etant . final las tl ( cont . ) . bick ; the best you ever eat , honey , -- real mexican barbacoa , . bick bring Leslie closer . '' . bick : : we take the caif 's head and skin it , wrap it in canvas ond put it in a pit on mesquite coal , " leslis : . ( faintly ) how fascinating . they be form in line , the bride and groom at the head , bick hand Leslie a plate and teke one himself . eusubio , stand at the table , have slice off the crown of the calf 's head , neatly - as you would a soft-boile egg . he reach intu the cavity with a spoon and start to disk out brain on to the proffer plate , Leslie start to turn away . . . tgeslie : L * ( murmur ) . + itm not hungry - really —- it 's be so hot all day . luz : oo oe ( whacki co ngly ) lo. 0 cada this hot = wait " 41 suny ! eusubio lady a great spoonful on her plate with a bow , : eusubio : senora , : $ : * ( vray ) : : eat it while it's hot ? . " Leslie summon she remain strength then stagger a little , and faint in bick 's arm , he pick she up and be carry she through the crowd , pan to closeup of luz. .. i luz : : - yep «- that 's what I be ' fraid of , . , dissolve : 72 , ' the weather vane . dawn . - we seo light burn in the burik-house window . all be silent . . so dissolve to : oc oa , 4 . tt 1 . . cue leslie' and bick bedroom ~ dawn in the faint light we can distinguish a figure lie in the large bed . as it stir , and reach out a hand , we see that it be bick . find no one there beside he , he half sit ‘up , look around the room and call - . . . . bick : Leslie -- there be m answer , he sit up , the jangle of the iron triangle summon the household , bick reach for he clothes . closeup the triangle be hanmer vigorously . the hand that hold the iron bar , as we pull . back , be reveal to be leelie 's , she be dress in workman - like riding clothes , stand behind she be two mexican girl , watch , Leslie turn quickly and go into <- be . + , dissolve : ' oe ' tee MAIN hallway . . luz have ' just come down the stair , and sense something strange , stop as Leslie come in from the kitchen follow by the girl . 4 leslie : good morning , luz. luz ? oot what be 's you do up ? . leslie : get breakfast . let 's have thing cleer and open , luz . I do not want to take you place . _ I want you to lmow that -= but I can :'t have you take mine either , I can not be jus : a guest in my husband 's house , : st bick come dow the stair , go to Leslie . ~ . leslie : . , good morning , darling . I be come to get you up . bick : 's how do 's you feel ? you look fine ! : leslie : : I want everyone to mow that no matter what . happen on this ranch in the future , I be never go to faint again , : . ( gontinued ) " " , fim year ss 75 ( cont . ) - " 7b , 19 . 80 . Leslie take he teward the dining room , bick : ‘( laugh - as he sit ) itll never get the hang of you , Mrs , benedict . : ( he see luz hang back , sit down , luz . . wz : * . I do not want to be movin ! in , maybe you two would like at better eat alone , leslie : you lmow better than that , luz . sit-down , bick : . it wouldr :'t be breakfast without you . luz sit , not co | dessolve : ext , at front of house bick be already mount as leslis move War wind around into position to get she foot in the stirrup , closeup lum soe stand in the partly open door . . luz : rarr see that she ride a-more gentle animal if I be ' fou , bick , long shot luz in b.g. Leslie take a short hold on War wind ! bridle and as he turn in a spin she throw herself up into the saddle . bick and ' Leslie ride off . . closeup luz watch they . long shot the man and woman '' as they let they two fine horse gallop off for a short sprint . dissolve : " gant " '' uy /85 . . final 36 . cy 81 , the herd : early morning ~ the cattle be close together , a river cf slow - move flesh , a . . dissolve to : cc . 82 , closeup of mounted figure old polo viding at the point , he turn and watch the herd , ' his heac be against the daw sky , a fine figure -- the classic face of a@ patriarch , '' . '' . 83 . closeup bick and leslie . - leslie : .. look at he , he look like a Spanish grandee . '' bick : ' : ' polo be head vaquero , -- be nere longer than any 1 . ; : of we - I guess . since grandpa benedict 's time . bh. extreme long shot bick and leslie a mo . . . '' ' wide up to polo ~~ the great herd ease along in the b.g. on there be welcoming gesture and polo bow in the saddle to . Leslie , we-hear a bedlam of jengle spur , steer bellow , calve bawling , the man 's voice be loud , in Spanish end . English , bick join in this strange symphony of sound , boss - _ dog the cattle , " heoow ' ! " heoow " ! ° bick : look at ; tem , honey . there 's never be anything like tem in this world , do you ever see such stock ' . leslie : . : be ' they all ours ? . . bick : ' ( pride and excitement ) & , this and forty - nine thousand more = just like they , our , honey . heoow ! heoow ! . ( call to the vaqueros ) '' heoow ! miguel ! Lopez ! | back come greeting from the rider . -- " buenas , jefe " ! : bick : : . grandpa and the boy use to drive he longhorn w- groat herd of ‘om -- right through here -~ ( a broad cesture ) ° '' mne all the way to Kansas , c o ns '' gran . fa we & ( cont . ) _ 0 . 85 . - 86 , 82 , 88. tmagine ! '' ; bick : yeh -- he be a great old boy - tough . ( he note léslie 's interest ) my old - man bring in stock from Europe and breed ‘em to the best we have , . a calf cut in front of then , followea by a vaquero , bick : look out ! -- you loco - he continue ) -- this 1s the result , honey -- look at ‘em . ' his face be brilliant with life and eagerness , Leslie be study this , aware of the excitement it all hold for he , '' dissolve : : a ' roundup activity hot and dusty , . ater same day , Tho sun to high . tae cowboy arc roping , throw , und prand - colf , leslis , on War wind , be keep out of the way . ' bick , who be roping , stop and look toward Leslie . '' insert red hot brand of reata : nas itis be readied to apply to the flank of a throw calf , closeup leslie es the smoke rise and the calf bawil . > closeup sick as he gallop over to she , the camera with he . bick : ST how you doin ' ? . : . leslie : I do not believe I will ever eat meat again , . . bick : do you think steak grow on silver platter ell . trim up with parsley ? -- tire , honey ? ( cont inued ) vy on ! 99 . 92 . * 88 ( cont . ) with T. , a3 coe it leslie : do not yeu worry about I -- I be a tough Texan , now , the two horse arc stand side by side , close , saddle leather creak ag : inst saddle leather , . bick : ( quietly ) you imow I love you , tex . he look to see that he 's not ohserve , then lean far off he horse , hold she and kiss she . close shot vehicle coming across OPEN country jett drive : - luz:on the seat beside he . we can tell from they interest that they have just see the exchange of affection between bick and Leslie . jett lurch the vehicle to miss a calf , . mo , shot bick see this . : a '' bio that no~good , ' injun_broke so and so -- if he run down one of that calve I will dehorn he myself . the vehicle come into scene and stop , luz step out . she 's wear she riding outfit . . luz : howdy - - everybody . . . leslie : well , hello , luz . . luz : . I come out sot I could work a while with the stock . closeup jett . ' '' gamera pan with he as he turn the truck around to go home . he do this automatically , he eye on Leslie . closeup bick bick : jett ! hola ona minute ! I want you to take Mrs. benedict back in - out .of all this heat . ( to Leslie ) honey , you go along in with jott. 93. 95 , 97.6 98. '' closeup luz " giant " : L gran - wél/s5 closeup jett rinx . : | . he back to they . he stop and react with a strange kind of sensitivity - almost frighten . he look around the shabby interior of the vehicle , brushes a leaf off the seat . closeup leslie and bick . leslie : I be fine , Jordan , really , oo bick : ° no use overdo it , honey . you have have enough for one day , Leslie dismount , bick take the rein from she hand , she seriously nod agreement , closeur leslie leslie : . . ‘( intimately to bick ) I have a marvelous morning . mo , shot jett rink oo . sit in truck . he swing the door open for Leslie and withdraw to he side of the cab , uneasily . Leslie come into scene and get into truck , : . leslie : *. good morning , jett. ( she smile ) ct / : . hello. , . loe . bick voice : you take it easy , jett . jett nod , put the truck in gear and drive out . mo . shot luz a afoot , bick mount , watch the truck off . , ( continued ) " gtant " lal / ss final . ho . 98 ( cont . ) bick : ( smilingly . call off ) you take it easy you . one of the man take War wind ! bridle ' trem biel , lead the horse off . '' wa : I do not want to chew on this bick , but I think we should get it straight , I run the house , do not I ? . : the voice get high end shrill ) . her house - she kitchen - she help - she do not even speak Spanish . . bick : they uncerstand plenty of English when they want to , luz : I know how to 's handle mexican . doin ! it all my life , they would cit on they honker all day if I do not keep after ' then . '' bick : ' all right , luz , cool off . bick step down from he horse . luz : ( cool off ) well - I think we would better talk without her - around , I just do not want to feel youtre settin ' up against I , bick . he put he hand gently on the old gal 's shoulder , bick ; now look , luz , I be not go to set up against - you - and just you do not set up - against I , this gal 's my wife - and you be fair enough , I think , to try and get along with she , she just stand there think hard , bick turn around to he horse and mount . - . luz : . ( reach a conclusion ) well . -.all right . I will catch up a horse and help push the stock along for a while , maybe it will make I feel better . : . she start towards the remuda . ~ bick : ( sort of to himself ) '' qua right -- ir you get to push somothing . caner '' ww with . giant fu / ss 98 ( cont . 1 ) 99 ... luz : when I git enough I will ride on in . see you , bick . closeup jett and leslie . @rive along . sense that he 's tense in she presence , she speak to put he at ease , leslie : it 's beautiful country . he venture a look in she direction , a examine one . jett : . anything must be beautiful to you if you think this be . take a look at it . more silence and tnen she remark as she look out «- : leslie : . what be all that fluffy little bush ? jett ; plain oli mesquite . figure out 42 wey lo get rid of that and you would be a two - time millionaire -- which ' you be already . I - I have get mine to get yet . ' more silence , then -- jett : . why would you com to Texas ? - where everybody want . to get away from . I - one of this day I be go to get go . . . leslie : . - this be my husband 's land -- . with a sweeping gesture ) this be he home . jett : who get hold of this much land -- else they take it off somebody . . leslie : why , jett . you be not exactly loyal to you employer '' be you ? jett : I be not complain . | ( continued ) : .. ~ c " gtantt " . . 4/4/55 , final a '' he. 99 ( cont . ) , leslie : they buy this land long ago , the benedict buy it , they get it through purchase - year ago , jett : buy it ! they take it off a banch of ignorant mexican . . leslie : that 's not true , they buy and trade for Spanish lend grant . . jett : : . all right . they pay for it . five cent a acre , I kmow . my folk be here in Texas long enough to be rich too - only they be not foxy . 190 . mo . shot luz . 101 . ' closeup = juarez . at the remude . she come up to the mexican boy who be take the saddle off War wind , , luz : keep at on , juarez . itil ride he , . juarez : - madama , sotety ride heem but the senora , luz : . I be ridint what I want around this outfit for about thirty year , juarez , . juarez '' shrug , and tighten the cinch . luz take the rein and hold the bridle just above ' the bit in one hand , and , with the ‘other on the pommel , swing herself into the saddle . . War wind sense this strange rider . his nostril flare and he tremble , he take one or two nervous step . ' she pull he up hard by the bit . luz : maybe veu come here to show I how to run thing too . . ( a gleam of temper in she eye ) let 's go ! with that she put the sharp rowel of she big spur into the horse 's flank , juarez step back as she and War wind take off fast , the horse somewhat in hand but very skittish . watch this with a look ef concern . " i . . piual ui ? 102 , mo . shot jett .. nd leslie the truck be stop by a metal water tan ‘c rig up on stilt . jett be get Leslie a drink of water f::om the faucet that lead to a trough , he hold the dippor , she drink , she finish , turn toward the truck . jett wetch she , fill the dipper , throw the water straight up in the air so it will come down like a shower to cool he off . his cye be on Leslie . they leave she and go to a dove that land on the top of a lone cottonwood , it coo , Leslie 's eye go to it . leslie : . \full of the spirit of nature - loving ) how beautiful ! . . jett : yeah - on toast , . leslie : . ' laugh a little ) jett , you be revolting , jett : . with you I guess everything 's get to be either beautiful or revolting . I be no . so bad , I get friend , the madama like I -= even old bick dike ms ~< they do not like I well enough to divvy _up what they get too-much of , . . * Leslie get in the truck , . . : leslie : you be a odd one ~- but I like you . : jett : I like you -- you be the best look girl we have see down here in a long time - I think , -* you be the prettiest one ~ I think - I have ever ' see ~- down here . . . leslie : . . why , thank you , jett . that 's a nice compliment . +. and I be go to tell my husband that I be meeting with you approval . , . " sept : * no . no you will not , 103 . insert luz' spur . as she dig they hard into War wind ' flank . + '' 10h . '' 105 , . 107 . '' 108 , " erant " . w/y/55 final , long OPEN shot of the prairie in the distance we see the figure of a horse and rider in a struggle . the horse be buck hard . _ dis solve : vientecito the mexican settlement of reata with its scorched little house and its narrow , barren little street as we see the truck enter from the far end , and come toward we . Children -- dog -~ dust << refuse . : dissolve : ' closeup jett and leslie wes - as he drive slowly . he watch for she reaction out of the corner of he eye . jett : speak of beauty - how do you like this ? leslie : ' fot adobe village ! it 's quaint ! jett : — _ it 's quaint -- and it 's filthy , part of beautiful reata . you neighbor live here . , °° Zbsly who ? , _ jett : ' you ranch people , that kid . group of ragged little child very dirty , play on the step of one of the house , a girl of about two be cry . - jett and leslie : ' jett bring the truck to a stop , jett : that two -- they be angel obregon 's kid . leslie : the man who meet we at the train . ( continued ) pe cx '' 108 ( cont . ) 109 . " jett : they be sure in great shape -- the whole bunch 1s sick , leslie : ' what 's fhe matter with they ? jett : - just sick , , he put the truck in gear to drive on . leslie : wait a minute . I want to get out . better not , leslie : . wait . . she open the door of the truck , step out . . jett : you be the boss , from inside the shack ~ the cry of a infant . Leslie go up '. the step , venture a " hello " , the child merely stare , she kmock , Leslie knock again , a woman' voice be hear , mrs . obregow : ( 0.8 . ) a ( from within ) . entre ! the interior as Leslie enter . mre. obregon be ina disorder bed in the little room , Leslie see she and stop . le . 2 _ itm Mrs. benedict . the woman half sit up , attempt a little bow , mrs . obregon : perdconome -- that I do not rise . perdonome '' enferme — ( after a pause ) — fiebre , the infant's wailing cry come from the lean - to kitchen , ( continued ) 109 ( cont . ) 110 . Leslie look into the other room at the iufant . " qtant " : : final . : bei/5 leslie : angel , :rour husband , speak English , : you comorehende ? : : the woman nod ani with a gesture indicate " a little " , leslie : iam so sorry . be the baby ill ? mrs , obregon :. ( nod sadly ) : the baby be sick , my milk be not good , Leslie go to th : baby and pick he up . he be very wet and unhappy . leslie : poor litle darling , youtre burn up . . ishe look around ) no wate > , no pump , no anything . my ! she put the baby back in its makeshift e7ib and roll up she sleeve , . . : '' closeup jet ? rink in the truck wait , — a : dissolve to : long shot the MAIN house reata no one be in evidence , nothing be move , except we note a ' piderless horse limping into the - scene , as he dimp up to the hitching rail and stop -- : ' dissolve to ; a closer -shot of the horse . it be War wind , he be tremble all over and he hold a injure forefoot off the ground . we note the bridle rein be go , the cinch be loose and the empty saddle have partly turn . he nicker , one of the hexicen girl come from inside , see this , and call the other girl from within the house , they - talk excitedly , one run back into the house , the other hurry toward the stable , calling for the man . quick dissolve to : . '' up .™ ih . '' '' qzant " 4/4/58 final . 47 . int . the obregon dwelling Leslie have diaper the baby , and restore some order to the condition of thing . she wash she hand with some soap and water from a buck and then put the back of she hand to the baby 's forehead . leslie : have you have the doctor ? ( mrs . obregon : shy ugs . Doctor = he be too far == to come <= jett! S voice : ( shrough the open door ) listen , - we would better get go . ee appear in the doorway . er . Ie . this baby 's die . . jett : you be not sipose to be here -- weid better get go . : le ( surn to the woman ) . tra be vack , '' yerr : . bick 's go to blow a gasket , . leslie : never mind , wetve get to get a doctor , she exit from the room toward the truck , jetl ( as he follow ) you can ' never mind ' if you want to - but I - it will be my neck . ( with a gesture he indicate he throat deing - cut ) he exit . dissolve : ext , the MAIN house reata : late afternoon there be a number of saddle horse tie up , some car , and . . , ( continued ) o ec . ( '' ) ) " orant '' js fiyal oe igi’ ? 11 k ( cont . ) , : 115 . a SMALL group of ranch hand stand around War wind . the truck with jett ani Leslie pull in from the b.g. , stop , they get out of the car and head for the front door , cant : with they , Leslie hesitates for a moment beside the injure horse , ask a question as to whet may be wrong . the loiterer - hesitate and give ner no satisfactory answer , the camera follows she to the front door , jett be wait there . he open the door for she to go in first . he then follow . int , ' the big MAIN hall luz be lie on ths couch breathe heavily . the nurse be minister to she as doctor tom WALKER stand alongside talk to bick . there be a number of other peoplf in the voom stand around , tense and anxious . some of the mexican servant be by ths kitchen door , two man have they hat in they hand , lupe and petra be busy taemselve help _ the nurse , Leslie cross over to bick and look down at luz , , bick : where in the world have you be ? good Lord ! . of -- I be worried about you too , . . isslie : 7 : what happen to she ? -- I just stop in the . village -- * ( she look down at luz ) what happen ? . bick : oe . just awful -- we do not kmow -- she be riding —- the big horse -- get throw -- or something . . . leslie : what do the doctor say ? mte bick : ° . she 's bad , her head hit on a mesquite stump . : leslie : , oh , darling ! a bick : . she 's be riding since she be six , ' she could ride anything . now this happen ! . Dr. Walker come back across the room , put on he coat . mo . seot leslie , bick , and the doctor leslie : . ( move towards he ) how be she ? Pearimrsrrrmen V . '' gtant " . co poul ee ed 7 ~ 116 ( cont . ) ma dr . WALKER : ' : she 's in a state of shock , -- very serious -~ c concussion -- possible hemorrhage , | . leslie ; oh , Dr. Walker indicate with a motion of he head , to Leslie , that it 's pretty hopeless , we hear the soft voice of the mexican girl as they murmur , in Spanish , " she 's die " - " dying " , . dr . WALKER : I be do ell I can , call doctor bornholm , c get he on the ' phone . he ought to be along ns any minute now , . Leslie , & bit stum , nod . bick : .¢ ( stand by luz ) Tom , come here . ' : . the nurse be takinz luz 's pulse . Dr. Walker cross over , ~ - ° Leslie with he , the doctor look at luz intently . he take ( 7 : . , ber wrist in he hand . we seuse wu crisis . : .217 , closeup jett . '' watch this , he be strangely move , confront thus with ( death end the loss of a good friend , camera pan from he to . a little group of servant , the girl and man be watch . a horse neigh outside , reflected be the fact that luz be breathe she last , they start murmuring word of reverence . the youngest drop to she imee in prayer . lupe sob , the camera leave they and pan to luz 's couch , the nurse be 1 € - . cover all of she form with a bright serape , except she boot of ' and spur , a : | 128 , bick c . walk over and slump in ean armchair , the picture of a fall giant , he elbow on he knee , he head in he hand , sodden with grief and remorse , . ' 119 , close shot leslie ; she look helplessly from bick to the doctor , and '' back to bick , she cross to he , camera with her , put she arm around he to give he comfort . ( continued ) 119 ( cont . ) 120 , with gia} with giant baud 55 bick :° if I only have not buy that horse , leslie : do not blame yourself , Jordan , bick : - if I hai not , she !d be alive '' right now . leslie : do not blame yourself -- and I 'r not to bleme either , if you only have not marry I - if you have not some East -- . bick : . I do not mean you -- it be I <-=- leslie : . do not torture yourself , no one 's to. blame . , bick : . I know , honey . ° leslie : . thing happen -~ just happen «- life and death o- - we just do not understand , bick : yeh + sure , honey . leslie : : ( to a little boy ) : this be a great misfortune - but no one 's to blame , bick : ; nod agreement yeah , . ' the big front window we see people of the ranch outside stanling -- a woman with & babe - in - arm , the baby cry , group shot leslie in F , G . at'this sound Leslie 's head come up . she &lance toward ' Dr. Walker , he be crossing the room with dr . bornholm , who have just arrive , kit in hand , , leslie : Doctor -- I -' ( continued ) i122. ty a0 . . san ves 121 ( cont . ) dr . WALKER : ( quietly ) - Mrs. benedict , this be Doctor bornholm , bick , I wish 't I could have make it for luz . dr . bornholm : Dr. weller do all that anyone could do . bick reach out , pat Dr. Walker 's arm , . bick : sure , Tom , I know , thanks , leslie : Doctor Walker -- iquietly ) = ~ there 's more for you to ao , itm afraid , Mrs. obregon 's baby 's very . gai . his temperature must be a hundred and five , will you stop in ? '' dr . WALKER : Mrs , obregon ? . . leslie : . yes + in the Village . jett will show you . ske cast a look et the. couch , with the realization that '' she can do no more here <-. leslie :° mar go with you . bick , who be now stand , hear this , it penetrate he stunne mind . bick : Les ! what 's this ? Doc can not dco that . he can not go . there . he 's we doctor . teslie : we doctor ? -- the benedict ! only ? bick : . no # - all of we . he just do not tena that people . ( after a think ) they have they own way of doin ' , Dr. Walker hes withdraw from the discussion , get - he ' hat and thing . wider angle to include the other , ( continued ) & be " gtant " pinal agi / ss 122 ( cont . ) 123. 12h , 125 . _ Dr. Walker , bick : jett - how would she get down there ? jett : now do not climb on I , bick - not feel plenty tough too , leslie : ( with ea gentle hand on bick 's arm ) jorden , darling , I do not think you understand , there !s a child who 's very sick , I must take Doctor Walker . - ( to Dr , Walker ) you will go , will not you , Doctor ? to bick ) rarr be back , darling -- just as soon as I can . we hear the prayer be murmured in span.sh es she and ~ Dr , Walker go , jevt hold the door open for they . he follow . ext the MAIN house Leslie and Dr , Walker follow jett down the stcp , Leslie sess she hora , the one megnificent head now avcope . mutely , the animal look be she , she go to nim und stroxes he head , hold he close . she be horsewoman , enough to imow that this be farewell , then she and jett drive off , follow by dissolve : the same setup the horse be now go . some of the mexican boy be slouched . in the shadow , one strumm ea guitar , the other murmure - @ sacred Spanish song , the car come in , drive by jett . Leslie get out . leslie : ~- that 's ell , jett. goodnight . ( she hesitates a moment ) . thank you . closeup jett he be look she right in the eye with that sam smile thet . never tell we too much , '' jett : . goodnight , madama , ‘( continued ) 125 ( cont . ) cah 127 . '' gtant " . J final . byi/ss mera pull back , Leslie turn and walk toward the big front door , , dissolve : the bedroom bick 4s at the window look out , think . he can hear hymn be sung . Leslie cross the threshold , bick turn and glance in she direction . she move to he , put a zom - _ forting arm on he shoulder . . bick : I be a lot better , honey . leslie : - . that 's a good boy . of . - she look out the window in the direction ' hat he be gaze . 7 _ leslie ; my horse '' - bick . ' ( a long pause ) . Dead , _ . ( hesitates ) , I shot he , ( look at she squarely ) . somebody have to do it . think maybe it would be better if it be be . Leslie drop she head and nod understandingly . bick turn and we find they beth look out the window . bick ; and the baby ? leslie : ( after a moment ) alive ~- thanks to Doctor Walker . we hear the end of a stanza of the spenish song from below . . '' bick : . good. + dissolve ; int , MAIN hall reata day it be crowded with people , ' foniliar and urfamiliar face be for rain titer '' gtant " . 4/4/55 pr. pinal - versus -:127 ( cont . ) , a ) in evidence , the room be rock with the sound of high - pitch conversation , lesiie be to be observe at the foot of the grand staircase function in she new position as reata 's first Lady . 128 , console of reata' pipe organ , . * uncle bawley be si sting at the keyboard play softly and be gracefully -- Claire de lune . he 's a romantic look old Texan -- tall , and straight , and handsome . he be watch -- ' 129 , leslie ; os and a group of guest , which include vern decker and he wife , '' mary lou decker , aoe leslie : it be gvod of you to come . u . . mary lou decker : vern and I think a lot of luz . miz benedict - be - . but I guess everybody do . - —_ vern decker : & we bb least everybody come , it be the biggest : co ugather for a funeral I ever do see in Texas . : mary lou decker ; , it 's too bad luz be not here to enjoy it . ' she always love a big get-together , vern decker : : ( with unction ) she would of have a fine time . they exit . Leslie be relieved to find herself alone for a moment , she tee a few step up ' the stair , turn and look * : back down on the room , 130 , . reverse angle ; we see many face turn in she direction - with curiosity . 121 , closeup uncle bawley ~ observe this , he segues to the simple note of " the eye of Texas be upon you " , Leslie hear , look over the rail to : uncle bawley . she come down the stair quickly , the camera with her , directly to bawley , ( conrrvued ) " ez ane ar cK 131 ( cont , ) not 132 , leslie : uncle bawley , it 's be fright ening enough with all this people , ' bawley : you be passin ' inspection real wine , I think they like what they find . leslie : I hope so for Jordan 's sake , : bawley : I do - for one , leslie : what a nice thing to say . bawley : that be rot sweet - talk , Leslie , I be kind of out of the kabit of charming the lacy , int , library . ey , ick i8 now sit benind he desk , pencil in hand , study .& gocument , some letter and papers be spread out around it . gather around , in conference fashion , be bick 's friend gabe target , and he lawyer - bale clince , a contemporary , and the older Ollie whiteside , clinch lock over whiteside 's ' shoulder and read off two or three name of reata 's mexican , cross the room to a window that look onto the veranda , he remark <-— . . clinch ; generous woman -- a token , it seem , to almost everyone on the place , ' as the camera come to the window , we see gather out there , a group of the familiar face of reata 's mexican . stand apart , lean against a column , be jett rink , idly spin * a little rope . clinch : '' mne and I be sure that people will nbe proud to have the personal mementc that she 's will to they . whiteside : {his finger point to a item ) -- but this little piece of land -- ' that 's another matter -- not good . ( he think seriously ) and you be goin ' to listen to I here , Jordan . ( continued ) 132 ( cont . } 133. " giant " ly /s5 final 56 . bick : ( study ' the paper ) I kmow lt would not support a three - legge calf , it 's that little piece we use to call the buffalo wallow . whiteside : . w= nothing ~~ just mesquite and some rock = {senctimoniously ) . w- and , Jordan , I think you will agree with I , you sister be a generous woman , Sne want this boy to have something -~ something worthwhile . that little piece be worth five - six hundred dollar at most , now I be go to ask you , Jordan , in reverense to the memory of luz benedict , I be go to ask you to give one jett rink a check for twice what it 's worth and clean up the matter now , . clinch : as you lawyer -- pardon I -- ( with a deferential look to whiteside ) '' = as one of you lawyer here , bick , i.can tell _ you it 's the practical thing to do . ~ bick study the cop of the desk for a monent , thoughtfully , and with no more sorment than a slight nod of the head , he go to the window , : . ext . veranda camera close on jett rink , somewhat secluded , as he lean against a column , he slip a pint bottle of tequila from he jeans and have a pull on it . bick come to the door in the beg , and step partly out . : bick : . jett - I want to talk to you , : jett : . look , bick -- I be beatin ' you to it = I be gettin ! . out . I lose the one lone friend I get on this place - and I lmow it . I be gettin' - and you do not have to tell I . . . bick ; °° nobody 's firint you , jett , jett : you be dang tootin ' nobody 's firin ' I -- I be quittin ' , so ( continued ) '' a the 135 . ) oo 1 ( < a , ae ] | '' ' 136 , ut 137 . 238 , oo 233 ( cont . ) " grant " y/y/55 final 57 . bick :- nobody want the fire you . you just come inside and hea :> what we have get to say . int , library the group bick hold the door open . and jett enter , he be somewhat take aback by the importance of the group present , and he affect good nature humility . . bick : . sit dow a minute , jett . we want to tell you about some good luck that 's com you way . whiteside : . < indicate a big leathe > armchair ) sit down , young man -- it 's.a real bad wind ' that dous not blow somebody some good , amen . closeup bick who have take a onvelop ef currency from 'a strong box in he desk drawer , sount out a aiounl , be vlace the belance , iock the box , : . . bick : to jett , I dontt have to tell you that my sister be a& woman with strong sentimental feel -- here she prepare a list of thing of hers she want to leave to people on the place -- the gesture toward the paper in whiteside 's hand ) : closeup jett listen . . he look over to Ollie whiteside and the paper , group shot : whiteside sense this and look up . " whiteside : fh - yes = we - we find that she want to - we find that she bequest to you be in the nature of a little piece of ground , . closeup jett his face be inscrutable , ter a , rae fuss | . 139 , back to bick a es bick : '' : | > ' it 's that little piece by the old buffalo wallow . . my siste > want you to have something -- I know she do -- but it 's always be my aim to keep reata intact , and within the family , that little piece be worth - at the most - . ( he look up ) c how much , bale ? ' clinch : at the most - five or six hundred dollar , ! h whiteside : | . W -- ah -- Mr. benedict , want to respect he a sister 's wish = and in line with he own regard . 7 : : for you - be go to see to it that you have .* something really worthwhile . now - to get right ) to it , Mr. rink == we be go to place in you ! ao : _ hand , in currency , twelve hundred dollar - which ' . any of tiese gentleman will tell you - I be sure - ) so . ( ae look around the room for ' ! . acquiescence , and get it ) -- be twice the value of that graund . - S : : . t bot : . . '' 1 ) 0 . . closeup jett : : he be pleased , ' , 141 . back to group bick fan out the oright new currency and place it on the part of the desk close to jett , the other react warmly , sense jett 's pleasure , de squirm a little in the chair as he feel ' himself the center of all this friendly attention . : . jett : - ( lean to take a good look at the $ 100 , bill ) - oe . I do not know what to say . '' ' . / : ( struggle to think of something ) . she certainly be a fine lady . . ( find word difficult ) . I appreciate she generosity - and - yours , too , bick -- thanks , but you kmow what , bick ? — I think I ought to just gamble along with the . old madama , . : . a 7 @ bick : ( quietly ) how do you mean ? ( continued ) be _ cy 7 , be 141 ( cont . ) 12 . ks . and the sound of he close the door , final " gtant " - ha , /55 | 59 . | jett : just guible along -- ‘he stand -- he friendliness toward everyone have though quality of o41 , e -- and l:eep what she give I . . ( a little embarrassed by he wealmess ) . you knot : what , bick ? -- I guess I be sentimental too , ( he laze over toward the door ) I will ganble along , bick . I know it be not much , but some . day I might put my own fence around it and cal ) . it ' Little reata ' , . . ! closeup bick as we hear — . jete's voice : ( 0. 8 . ) oom and thank you all . ' . vashti : . there's only one thing on this earth better than mokey - and that's land ] ix hear luz say that a thousand time ~- pa say it - and bick beredict say it - and itt true , int , MAIN hall closeup jett he have stop on ' pass through the room and note this vemark , he then jook the room aver and see ~= leslie : stand with tncle bawley , say goodbye to guest , clay hodgins : ( the father ) : . ( loudly ) : co if you ever get up to deaf Smith you come ane pay we a visit =~ we be just outside umbarger -- : ( continued ) c C ' we , 150 . . 1.7 ( cont . ) if o pinal / '' : jett : sure , I do want to say goodbye to you . we be friend . '' leslie : ( effer she hand ) of course , jett , we be friend , bick enter from the library . jett drop ieslie 's hand and move off , stop ; for a moment at the imrrovise bar to pour himself a big drink , which he downs ard exit . _ dissolve : shot of rouge ground . lt sundown the barren landscare be accented by the figure of e& man . it be jett rink pace off he land , long shadow mark he long stride . he come to a corner , pile up stone to mark it , a low moaning SOUND , almost a voice , cause he to look up . close shot old windmill ' that have neglectedly be groan its way through the lone - some year , it stand alongsice a tumble - cown shack that serve at one time as a farm house . 7 dissolve : closeup . jett rink sitting on a rock , surveying ' the house , the windmill , the rocky ground ~- he property . in he eye we see pride — - the pride of aman who be now more than just a man ; he be ' the sum of a man and he possession , jett seem more _ interested in the quiet earth beneath he than he be in the creak windmill above , his look be fix on the barren ground , what he see be of great importance to he , ~~ perhaps green crop burst from the earth -~ perhaps @ fence and paint and improvement -- perhaps he be look far below the surface , where water lie to meke this tren - formation possible , jett be a man of intuition , of keen instinct , perhaps he penetrate below the water , ~~ perhaps he sense the ocean of oil thet lie beneath . the strange sense of triumph that the orchestra convey lead the audience to sense some of this . , . dissolve : '' se ke | ' 151 , int . reata MAIN ball _ - night all be now quiet , a great fire be blaze in the stone fire - ~ | place , its light be reflect on the six flag of Texas that be stand out from the wall above , in panoply . at the far'end of i the room the man be sit around a table . some distance . from they , and out of hearing , the girl be idly embroider and play solitaire , in the f.g , unclo bawley sit at the organ , idly pick out the strain of " Claire de lune " , Leslie c oo be lean across the organ , relaxed and listen . : bawley : now that - it 's over ~ you get that fellow of yours to take you around and show you cur country . see San Antonio , Houston , and Dallas , the wonder , " '' my dear , that this great western land of ours hold , : in store for you be many and varied , oe . leslie : - ' . . . I be so inpatient , I want to -sse it all right now . '' ait , : bawley : 1 - you do not have to mrry , honey . it will be here t os when you get around to it . ( not smile ) a i ! - it 's be here a leng time «- . ' i . ( ae ruse ) 's ad -' - and wnon you see it all , and aave live with it ' ! . as I have - why - Leslie , twenty - five year fron , '' now you will feel about it just like I do . . : leslie : : 6 . twenty - five year ! -- why twenty - five year from : now I will be. almost fifty . : bawley : that 's a nice age , Leslie , and -- ( he smile ) ' . _ om you will see wonderful thing in Texas when a , you be fifty . . . leslie ; ( grow thoughtful ) . t . perhaps - but I will not care so much then , bawley : you will care more — cause then you will have be part of it all . ' clinch : . . ‘( call from far end of the room ) . = * bawley ! - you turnin ! into a lady ! man - you ? we need you in this pow-wow ! ' ( continued ) 132 . 7 . C , if 7 ) om 153 . c 15 , 155 . " gtant " final / yeh / ss 251 ( cont . ) . bawley : . come , gentleman , come . bawley make a gracious bow to Leslie , ané leave she , look from the group of man to the girl , ever and join the girl . she dissolve : mo . shot the group of men sit around the table at the far end of the room , be bick 's lawyer , clinch and whiteside , pinky . man of mexican descent -- present and gabe target end stand , hat in hand , be a ostentatiously dress fidel gomez , whiteside : we now you pet with it , Gomez ! get you people out ! I do not vant anybody sit on tiheir honker come election day . . gomez : everything will be bueno , senor . same = gcod , '' it will be the adios +. buenas nock , senore , wath much smile end bow , he exit reverse angle the girl adarene be embroider , vashti be play solitaire , be rock . she look to bick and the man talk . . ' vaseti : Jack on the Queen - ten on the Jack ~ for goodness sake where 's that nine ? Leslie Leslie watch this for a moment , but do not find it in - teresting . she turn ' and move toward the man . long shot the man in the f.g. talk quietly ~- leslig in the d.g. as she slip up behind bick . closeup bick and leslie she whisper in he ear . L ( softly ) I love you . ( continued ) reluctantly she go | i 1 { a ) 157 . 255 ( cont . ) '' 356 , mo . shot ui 's ls bick ; : inot displease , but a little embarrassed ) thanks , cos . - leslie and the men she look up , note that the conversatior . have stop . bick be a bit uneasy . more silence develop . leslie ; go right on . do not mind I , please . bick : °* ae ( sweetly ) this be business , honey . clinch ; yes be - we be work it out so you can keep on with all that fancy shoppin ' you girl do when you get to Dallas . bick : this be business , Leslie - just business . | leslie : | well do go on . do not mind I . i't11 just listen quiet as a mouse , . bick : you would be bored . it 's dull . , leslie : I will be fascinate , , bick : . Leslie , | this be about politics , ' leslie : you marry I in Washington , remember darling ? I live next door to politics -- be bring up on it . goon talk . I love it . . _bick : this be men' : stuff , - there be absolute silence , vashti and adarene watch with a note of anxiety , adarene busy herself ( continued ) " giant " - ' ut '' 157 ( cont . ) , pour coffee , . adarene : so Leslie , how ' bout a cup of coffue , or a lt c g@rink , cr somethin' ? - a > ' with a move of he head , bick indicate fcr Leslie to join they | leslie : : 7 Men 's stuff ~- oe ( blood pressure rise ) . a lord-a-mercy ! ( aith a glance to adarene ) set up my spin wheel ~ I will join the harem : section in a minute . whiteside : ( to the rescue ) 2 now , now , my dear = you do not want to fret . you presty little head about politics . to : . leslie : . you : mean my pretty , empty head , do not you , judge ? yee bick flare -- baw..ey note this and stand , ig bawley : * , gan I get the coffee for you , Leslie ? leslie : ( in disappointment ) you , too , uncle brutus ? bick rise , : bick : Leslie , you do not feel well , '' of leslie : . . lot ifeel great ! my adrenalin gland '' be pump beautifully . 158 , closeup vashti_ ' her right hand now hold card suspend in mid-air . 159 , closeup adarene her needle hold motionless above she embroidery frame , 161 . * 102 , 263. ee " W . gus ls closeup leslie , prom the giris ? angle she turn quickly to they . . leslie ; boo ! : closeup the two girl they go back to they occupation . mo , shot leslie and the men leslie : if it may say so before retire -- you man date back about one hundred thousand year . you ought to wear oe opare skin and carry club . Politics ! Business : what 's so masculine atout conversation that a woman can not enter into it , bick : ( restrain himself ) Leslie , you be tired . leslin : perhaps I a , . ( she turn and walk ) vashti ; '' help out ) ~ pinky , believe I will get my beauty sleep . . , pinky ; you go ahead , honey . ° ieslie : yes - send the children.to bed , then the grownup can talk , Leslie go to the stair as vashti and adarene fold up they work and follow . closeup bick look into the glow fire . " tts heat be reflect in he eye . to . ' dissolve : '' grart 's : / pinal have 364 . long shot MAIN mall at top of stair . the man be retire to they respective room , say e " goodnight " , etc . a light show through the glass transom - of . only one bedroom , it be Leslie 's , bick notice this and hesi - tate a moment , he hand on the door knob , I 265 , int . leslie' bedroom . she be sit up in bed with a book in she lap . she have fall asleep reace . bick enter , look over , see Leslie , close door none too quietly , sit down or . a chair face she , and kick he boois off , each one fall cn the tile floor with a clatter , give the impression pertap that he would like Leslie to wake up . : 366 , closeup leslie . . of . - as she awaken , find bick look at she . a leslie : oh , I must have drop off , ( sense that he be angry ) . . - I be sorry about my cave - man speech , derlin . ey : : . . nsmile ) 7 re . . I will apologize tomorrow to the other , first thing . - 167 , closeup | bick . ( : pull he shirt off . . bick : that 's big of you . . . . ( loudly : to . you certainly distinguished yourself . leslie : - sbhh -- Jordan , they can hear -- bick : ( somewhat louder ) they hear you already - every word you say out there -- ' we date back one hundred thousand year 's . ' : . hear . 168 , long shot in the hall J through transom , we see a light come on in vashti 's and pinkie 's . room , as the loud word echo throughout the hall -- 169 . 270 , 171 . wt you . se yi int , bedroom bick and leslie she glance anxiously at the door and speck quictiy . leslie : I say I be sorry about name call . '' it be very impolite , ( then she whisper ) -- but in principle , I be right . . . : bick : ( not influence by the tene of she voice ) you come down here , and you try to tell we how to run thing . ( take he sock off , throw it in the corner ) -- insulting my friend -- . ( stand at the foot of she bed , look down at she ) now look here , Leslie , you 'rs my wife , Mrs , jorden benedict - and I be ask you , - when be you go to settle down and behave tite everyoody else ? ( he move a step closer ) she hop out of bed and stand resolutely face hin . . leslie : rever ! bick : who in hohenzollerin do you think you be ? -- joan of arc = or something ? long shot upper wall light be go on in other bedroom . int , bedroom bick and leslie he put one boot back on , without the sock , - his stetson be back on he head , . leslie : . . jorden ! take you hat off , -- bick open a door and . enter the adjoin bedroom . : leslie : Jordan , where be you go ? adjoining bedroom bick enter , throw he stetson on the bed . through the open ( continued ) '' giant " final . 172 ( cont . ) door we see Leslie in beg bick : carryin ' on like carrie Nation ! that 's none of you ~ business ! w- why do not you join a club ? 173 . j\ llong shot upper yall more light come on . 17h . jint . bedroom - leslie and bick ' leslie : you make I sound awful , darling . that bad , bick return for he other boot , 7 ; leslie : preachin ' stuff fixin ' the wrld ! I be not Jordan , you know I wes a frightfil girl when you marry I , I do not deceive y> the fir : moment , I could not have unpleasant , : bick : true -~ true , leslie : | anyway , youtre stick with I . , ' ' bick : . tg think @ long time ) . yeah , I guess so , ( turn to go into other roi leslie : - besides = you love I very much .. , bick : ( halt in doorway ) yes - only that fine mind of you repulsive at time . * leslie : that 's not what you tell I on ' th bick : ( stand astride the thresh now you be goin ' to throw that up what I say on the train be in c u , sir . from be more oom ) S , get pretty e train . old ) - to I . I think onfidence . . ( continued ) te '' otanr " . vt ‘hy 5 final . ya /5 leslie : 17h ( cont . ) 175 . of course -- but I shall never forget a word you say , you lmow , you can be pret :y wonderful at time , ( she turn out she light ) why do n'i . you kick off you spur , pertner -- long shot upper fall all the other bedroom light be on now as the remain light in Leslie 's room gue out - leave it in uarlmess . dissolve ; int , bedroom next °o leslie' morning bick 's stetson remain on the wnuse bed where he toss it the night before . through the open door we see the early sun stream into bick 's and Leslie 's room , seslie , in a negligee , ' appear in the b.g. , at the window , leslie : - ( exuberantly ) what a glorious , gorgeous , brand new aay . let 's use every hour of it - just you and I . : bickt voice : ( 0.3.2 ) honey , I be beat , leslie : why ? today . you have all of the good thing in the world and a woman who love you very much , bick appear -- he pants and one boot on , dress . bick : tt kmow =- but that argue take a lot out of I . " he find the sock that he be look for and go back into - Leslie 's room , - leslie ; ( notice he = laugh a little ) that be frightful -- you storming around in you bare foot , it 's a wonder you dia not . catch cold , . ( she study he as he sit on the bed ) ' you lmow something ? bick : what ? Leslie move over and sit cozily alongside of he , {continued ) '' gtante 4 /y/55 . 70 , pinal the 176 ( cont , ) - . '' ~ : leslie : : icy about lover ! quarrel - best prrt be make up . _ bick : odraw she to he , kiss she earnestly ) when we make up - we make up -- do not we , honey ? 177 . long shot top of stair vashti and pinky appear , dress for travel . they mest adarene and bale come from they quarter . as they proceed down the stair they make a slight acknowledgment to the bless quiet now come from they host ! suite . mo , shot int . bedroom bick and leslie her exuberance move she , she rise . leslie : why do not we take a trip - see Texas - and just let somebody else run reate ? bick : . ( look at she strangely ) , . : leslie : . ( turn back to he ) could not we ? bick : ( realize she mean this - stand ) _ - honey , I want you to understand this . I run reata , at all time . leslie : of course , Jordan . . bick : . everything in it and on it be run by I . that 's the way it be . - , leslie : . Jordan , do not raise you voice , . bick : * ( louder ) : : that 's the way it 's always be , everything that have the reata brand on it be all run by I . ' ( continued ) cc 178 ( cont . ) 1°9 , 2160 , '' gtantt 4/4/55 final 7h. leslie : : ( after more than enough deliberation ) do tha ; include I ? downstair ball pinky , and vashti , adarene and bale have scopped at the door and cast a look back to the head of the stair from whence loud voice be come , with no comment they exit to they car . int , bedroom bici and leslie . . bick : ' that 's how my father run this ou : fit and that 's ' the way my grandfather run it -- all of it ! he keep it together for he son and my father keep at tegether for he -~ - and i'n keep it together for mine . leslie ; all five hundred thousand square mile . bick : .— all of ih -- for my son , - leslie : qur son , . ut bick : we son , bick sit leslie : could not all of it be too much for one little beby ? bick :. not if nhot a benedict . -- oh , Leslie - . leslie : ( sit down ) : well , we would better hope this be a boy . bick : yeh ! - huh ? down alongside of she rather quickly . leslie : we baby , =~ I be hope he be a boy . bick : what do you mean ? . ( continued ) a , i a ' 180 ( cont . ) 182. 162 , 183. - be hold it . by the look on ass fa '' ezanr " : WA / ss : pinal 2 . | Leslie nod she head affirmatively . '' bick : why dic not you toll I ? 8 leslie : I be tell you now , bick : honey - oh , darling , I should have know , be you sure ? ( put he arm around she ) leslie : ( serenely ) sure , -- we baby be go to be a boy , Jordan , I kmow it . he 's go to be a boy , very much - like he father -- in many way - but not all , os '' rade out | fade in closeup infant wrap in a pink robe , gurgle pily . pan up to bick , who oe we can tell that he be troubled , bick : ( to Leslie ) should not she be puttin ' on a little wetgnt , honey ? closeup leslie' face she look from bick to the child that he be hold , then down - to a object in she arm , the camera pan down and disclose another infant , this one wrap in blue . leslie : it 's natural - z think - for he to gain faster . two shot bick and leslie they exchange the infant , bick 's face take on a pleased look és he heft the weight of the boy , as if he be a sack of be ley . bick : he 's building up fine . , dissolve : 16h . 1€5 . 106 . 1&7. 188. 189 , " giant " lay/5 final b.c a letter hold in hand . it read : '' jordén consider : we twin the finest specimen reata have yet produce -- and this '' from Jordan , be praise indeed . " , insert photogrape of bick and Leslie hold they two lovely child . dr . lynnton and mrs . lynnton sit at they breakfast , he be read the letter , she be look at snapshot , dr . lynnton : . ' I be now stronger than ‘ever end be help a young Doctor Guerra get start here , most every day I find myself walk three or four mile ! -- dissolve : a dusty road ee * '' pay Leslie 's foot , lightly shod , trudging through the dust . along - side of hers another pair of foot , with well - wear black oxford ~- unusual for Texas . dissolve : long shot squalid MAIN STREET of vientecito come toward the camera be Leslie and dr . guerra , a young man of mexican descent . dissolve : transient camp set up as a extension of the settlement . it consist of wooden shack , lean -tos , tent , and other improvise dwelling . squaior be the motif , a few woman and child be in evidence . Leslie and Dr. Guerra come close to camera ~~ it pan with they to the next house , a clean , white one -- the only good structure to be see , a old mexican be work in the yard , . - leslie : wo would like to talk to senor Gomez = the boss - the man who run this place . ( continued ) '' gtant " . final mt 198 189 ( cont . ) , ! 190 , 191 . 192 , 193. 19h . the moxican shrug , Gomez come from inside , bow uneasily in Mrs , benedict 's presence , gomez : please , Mrs , benedict , - what be it I can do ? ' , ' leslie : : I be go to leave Doctor Guerra here with you , Mr. Gomez , and he will tell you a number of thing that must be do immediately . this whole camp be a scandal , : _ dissolve : sign on a gate : oo day it read : " Little reaba " , dissolve : ' long shot the jev ? rink property have a fence around it and the old windmill shack have be be - paircd and@ paintad , weer lue gete jett rink ts work leside some simple well digging squipuenit , und have a well flow . holding a old dipper im he hand , he be enjoy a drink of the refresh liquid -- as he hear the sound of a automobile motor . he look in its direction , : closeup jett / a kind ‘of excitement show in he face , he pick up he old double - barrel shotgun -- point it in the air , fire one parrel . , his old hound dog react excitedly with a mixture of bark and bay . : moving shot leslie drive she look and see jett , wave a gesture of recognition , and : turn the wheel . . . dissolve : longer shot at jett' gate as Leslie pull up and stop . au an 195 . - 196 , J . 197 . t oo " giant " final . 15 . . 4gW/95 i i int . build ii ) vientecito | fidel Gomez be 1.t a telephone . we see lr . Guerra through a window , wait in the street , . . int . library at reata bick as he take the telephone off the hook and listen to a con - versation , his face cloud a bit , . . bick : . . a2 vietee Gomez -- yes -- I understand , thank you . ( he hang up ) | jett riwk and leslie walk toward he abode , jett be carry he shotgun under | he arm , with a string of three or four dove he 's collect ' quring the morning , the hound dog be busy ingratiate he - | self with Leslie , who pet he as he jump around she . jett : down , Mike ! take it easy ! leslie : ( look ahead : at the building ) why I can not believe it -~ the buffalo wallow — jett ~ you have really do wnder . jett : it 's net much . leslie : I just would not have believe -- : jett : . - believe what ? : leslie : truthfully , jett , I would not have expect this sort of talent to be one of you virtue . jett : o~ the first . time I have be accuse of have any of that . he break he gun and remove the shell , and rest it by the door , which he open for Leslie , int . rink's place ' considerable care and some imagination have go into the work - { conttumedy - c ( > o c 899 , y '' | 200 , '' I = ‘oy 201 , '' '' : 202 , 258 ( cont , ) : mo , shot ngia year pinal 4/5 of make it attractive and livable , jett , we sense , be eager for Leslie 's approval . leslie : ( es she gaze around ) why it 's nice ~- really it 's nice , jett . jett : . well - scmetime I be go to have a place ' around here nobody will have to be ashamed of , he go into kitchen , closeup leslie : she js look around . her eye fix on ~- insert '' photoghaph of leslie , in she bridal costune , cut from a newspaper , and neatly arrange on the wall along with some other picture , which include two or three bathing - girl photo . vett in the kitchen . he be pour some hot water from he kettle into a tea pot , as ae watch Leslie through the open door . jett : : I cut that out of the newspaper just to dress the place up a little . : leslie : how nice of you , mo . shot leslie in f.g. — jett be partly see through kitchen door . jett ; wo not you rest yourself a minute ? ; ' leslie : thank you . she start to sit down . her eye be catch by some pamphlet and a couple of book , . . 203. 205 , 206 . . " giant " " a /55 . : . final 77 . insert the pamphlet it be one of sherwin cody 's improve yourself Series - " english usage and guide t0 better speech '' — by mail . back to scene Leslie replace the book , glance towards kitchen . jett : havin '. kid seem to agree with you . you be lookin ' prettier than ever -- well , anyways , just as good , he bring in teapot , cup and saucer -- place they by Leslie , leslie : : and tea ! a : . i ( sae laugh ) , , he start back into the kitchen , smile slightly . '' ett : _ you like tea do not you ? — 1 leslie : : , ! of course , but everyone here drink gallon 's of coffee , : . ! closeup jett ' : : . in the kitchen , we have notice he uneasiness in Leslie 's presence , he pour himself a stiff drink and replace the bottle in the cabinet . leslie : : oo what bring all this about ? : jett have just swallow the drink , it be a moment before he can reply . jett : what ? '' eeslie : this gentle influence that 's at work , who 's the girl ? . long shot leslie seat , as jett come pack . he feel easier now . ( continued ) — come ss cd 'giant " la/h final . 2. 205 ( cont . ) . jett : . I -- I be the gentle influence , I be no hobo , . leslie ; of course -- ( sip ) mey I pay you a rather personal compliment ? jett : what 's that ? . leslie ; you make a very good cup of tea , jett . jett : ( aaty a bit sheepishly ) yeah -- I can do a lot of thing ina pinch , he be about to hand she a bowl of '' sugar with a spoon in it . . he notice the book Leslie have pick up and replace , : jett : er -- one lump , or two ? rie take jet ? ! . Mo too . . : he take a sip of tea , pretend to choke a little , for fun , jett : ugh ! : leslie : when be you go to get marry , jett ? it 's time you have someone to help you with ~- ( indicate tea thing ) -- with this kind of responsibility . jett : : . wnen I get time to look around -- back East -- orylend and place , get any sister back there that might like poor people ? '' leslie : . money be not all . — jett : - not when you have get it . leslie : jott -- you should be able to tell I <-- ( continued ) 206 ( cont .1 ) a ) S 208 , uw at ae ws | jet ? ; | what ? 2 : | leslie : : the other people around here - why do not they | do more for themselves ? | ( she look around the roor . ) like you dow . | jett : other people ? -- how do you mean ? leslie : I have just be in vientecito -- jett : you mean that bunch of wet-back ? do not you '' get I mix up with they . I be es much Texas &s bick eenedict be , I be no . wet -back , . . leslie : . . I lmow -- you be very like jordar in that respect ~- attitude -- everything . yet you -- you situation be so different . you be a work man . jett : : yeah ~- that 's something ! I be try to flix , meybde some day I will , -- but that bunch - they - they would not do anything to help thezselves if they could . dissolve : moving shot ext , rink's place Leslie walk . jett half a step behind , leslie : thanks for the tea party , and do not be such a stranger , jett , you must drop in and pay we a visit . jett : . I do not know about that - ol ! bick 's still get he kettle on for I .. as she open the gate , she raise heel make a deep imprint in the mud from the new well , his eye be on this as we —- dissolve : int . library reata bick 4s sit behind he desk , which be cluttere with the . ( continued ) " gianr " 155 ; final kel ci} . be 208 ( cont . ) na ) pusiness of run a ranch . he hear the sound of a motor , on and move to the tindow , the camera goe with he , os he tu i . and walk rapidly into the main hall . at the far end we see e Leslie come in , ec eet not ss leslie : . . hello , darling . { she come rapidly toward he ) I have be have tea with jett rink , be : bick : : . Gomez talephone -- . : . : leslie : . be xes ? rh : bick : ' . my - Mrs , benedict come to vientecito -- I hope you . will nos be displease ' , he -said , not I do not know oo , what to dot ~- look , Leslie , I '-re tell you before -. I : {he continue ) : what 's chis about jett rink ? ( he follow Leslie into che Library ) ' * . . : . leslie : -) . . Ho mad tea , be not that uibelivvable ? '' , . : ( take she hat off and drop it ) he do so want to improve himself -- but you Gomez and that camp he run = it 's hopeless , ( she throw herself on the settee ) bick : ( sit alongside of she ) honey , you just can not be tearin ' around this place with no regard for who you be - interferring with that people . Gomez = he be embarrassed , can not . '' you see that they do not like that kind of thing ? . that place be a scandal ! Doctor Guerra throw he nhands up in horror , : ' bick : that 's he problem . . leslie ; you have be a great big rich powerful Texan for a hundred year . you be the one to do something . bick : : I be not the Red Cross ! I be a cowman ! not no ithe neither 208 ( cont .1 ) 209 . 210 . " giant " b/a/38 final - : ble leslie : if you co not - I will . bick : Leslie , if you ever go near one ‘of that dump again -- if I ever hear of you mixing into this migratory mess «= ~ - . at this moment , tv.o nursemaid enter , one carry the infant jordy , the other carry he twin , Judy . leslie : what will you do ? ' ' bick : tl leeve . you. ( the boy be carry to he ) . how be you , Big Boy ? leslie . ( take the girl paby in ber arm ) . my little girl «-- do she think she naughty mama world not come up to say gocdnight ? bicek ( a think ) one thing you can be sure of -- one of this day I be go to run jett rink 's hide right out , of this country . - + | dessoeve : close shot at jett rink's gate sundown jett be jmeel with a trowel in he hand , examine the heel print that Leslie leave in the rume water . camera move in - close and we see the gleam of a petroleum slick on the surface . - he dig in with the trowel . . : . * dissolve : int , leslie' bedroom - - camera be on a close door , it open cautiousiy . peep around be the twin , jordy and Judy -- atout two year old . with exaggerated caution , they tiptoe into the room . we see behind they bick 's boot and leg . camera pan along to a be~ ribbone bassinet . . 211 . 212. 2.3. 21h . 215 . ‘216 . " giant " l/y/s5 final : 82 , mo , shot bick , the twins , and leslie she be recline on e chaise longue ina lecey peignoir , bick take the two child up so they can see in the bassinet , bick ! S voice : say thello ' to you little sister . the twins : | ( together ) hello , . luz . bick voice : . I do not care what you say , Leslie - she do '' take like luz . ' dissolve : insert | photogrape : . | it be of bick and Leslie with they three jovely ehild , dissolve : * veranda maryland tome . " dae Dr. and Mrs , lynnton be join 1n they admiration of the - photograph by swazey , who be serve they tea , y dissolve : : long shot squalid MAIN STREET of vientecito day ' + walk toward the camera be Leslie and Dr. Guerra , they turn . and. look in the direction of -- . mo , shot row of new dwelling ' under construction , they be modest but , none the less , a improvement be evident , dissolve : a vaquero lead a little horse , on which be a tiny , brand new , silver saddle , be 217 . 229 . _full shot group Sue ile : full shot benedict veranda a birthday party fcr the benedict twin , eat four , be in progress . we see cordy and he twin sister , Judy , blow out four candle on a tirthday cake , jordy be dress in a magni- ticent cowboy suit and be wear an. over -nize stetson , group a@round the childrer . be bick , and uncle bawley , and Leslie -- with the baby luz in she arm . vashti and pinky be there with they three child , girl -- age two , thiee , and four , pre - send also be adarcne and bale , and judge whiteside , below the veranda stand a group of other reata people -=- prominent be the patrician Old iolo , and the obregon with they boy , little angel , now five , ' the vaquero lead the horse right up to the veranda step , the '' oh " and '' ah " and " cuoings®™ of the adult be mean to give impetus to the forlorn little jordy , who be eyeing the proceedings with less than enthusiasm , : leslie : . oh , my ! my ! - be not he a beanty ? t bick : | he may net look it now - but one day this boy be go to be the best hand on reat : a ranch , closeup jordy , 7 as he look at the horse with disinterest and return he attention to the cake , closeup little angel lose in admiration as he stare at the fine little animal with its magnificent saddle , '' '' bick : here you be , son . ( take the boy by the hand ) he 's all yours . . as they move closer to the horse the boy make a little move avey , toward he mother , bick react quickly to cover up . he pick little jordy up , big hat , chap , and all , and swing he into the saddle , jordy 's eye search anxiously for he mother and , arm outstretch , he start to slide off the horse , in she direction , bick slide he back into the saddle , the boy 's face cloud as if he be about to cry . ( continued ) netant '' oo /55 final : 220 ( cont . ) : , od leslie : wd. ( come forward ) Jordan ! bick : easy do it now , son . he hand the rein to little angel , who stert to lead the horse around . jorcy burst into tear . leslie : - . ( take bick by the arm ) bick '' he do not want to , bick : I ride before I could walk , I - leslie : that be you . this be another person . | we . oe : bick : : , he 's a benedict , ' : the boy cry loudly , as if to refute this . ebick : wy : -- and he 's go to stuy in that saddie if I have to throw a hitch on he , the cry youngster reach out to he mother . she take he from the saddle to the table where the other present be ispley , and call he attention to they delight . he con - tinue to whimper , bick be enormously embarrassed . - mo bick : | : . _ ( to angel , hold the horse ) : take he away . . '' the ifttle mexican boy swing into the saddle and ' ride off : : with a flourish , . : : polo : ; sf ( in Spanish ) ' angel ! no! bick : : . : ( watch the boy with interest ) let he ride , polo , let the boy ride . . sy Leslie be take jordy to lupe , the nursemaid , bo leslie ; now , darling , go with lupe like a good boy ' and have you nap , : ( continued ) ' cy ‘oo b23 , - 2al , . 225 . 221 , 222 , reverse angle ' bick approach the camera on a gallop . he pull up ' with sn ape 220 ( cont .1 ) this be oil on the flame of bick 's anger and himiliation , bick swing into tie saddle of polo 's horse , he reach down and pick up jordy , set the child on the saddle in front of he , kick the horse in the rib and take off fast . closeup leslie , . as she watch this . closeup bawley he , as well as the other , feel uneasy at be witness to this family confli>t . 0 reverse angle we see jorden ride away at a full gallop , one arm around the boy in front of he . he swing in a big circle and head back , to a skid , the boy 's face show he be numb with fright . bick : that be a't bad , be it , son ? Leslie move from she freeze position , take the bey from the saddle into she arm and without a word , walk toward the * house , follow by lupe , the camera move in on bick , as he watch she go . dissolve to : closeup bick face . . night a flicker light from the fireplace reflect on he serious countenance , in the b.g. Leslie be seat on a window seat , look through the rainswept glass . uncle bawley stand tall beside she . at the far end of the room be the other guest . silence hang heavily over the company . . ts cy 227 . powe mod ! versus , i £ 28 , i im , . '' 229 , " . '' on with final agi/> 5 closeup pinky | 1 by a window on which we see rain fall . he clear he throat uncomfortatly . : pinky : o~ rain will come in handy , Long dry spell , he look around . nobody pick up the cue . tries again . pinky : . norther like this -- likely to teat down more thin it bring up . maybe , vaseti : ( help he out ) I like to hear the rain beat down on the roof . Long - long as it 's ~ all safe end cozy indoors . ' she look around 's if she say the wrong thing . figure shot leslie and uncle bawley bawley : I do not go to build a loop ané stick my neck into it , Leslie -- at a time like this - when it 's serious - but - bick know all there be to know about run a ranch - bone , hide and heir . but he do not lmow a dang thing about raise kid any more then he father do , you just stey with it you way , and help them grow up to be what they want to be . . leslie : oo . iwill , uncle bawley . I promise that . bawley : . do not push tem , fence them , or ride tem , Leslie . let ‘em range . : - they be interrupt by the guest pass . , pinky' voice : we be go to hit the hay , Leslie , ' night , bick . long shot the guest leave . . vashti : ( self -consciously ) ' night , kid , ( continued ) no . final : 229 ( cont . ) " tant " ' yfi / 55 oy uncle bawley light he pipe , look from bick to Leslie . '' . bawley : . . time for I to turn in , goodnigat , bick , bick : : ' night , bawley . ; bawley :_ goodnight , Leslie . : leslie : goodnight '' uncle bawley . 230 , long shot including vashti . . . at the top of the stair , i! . : vashti . ' . . . goodnight , everybody . do not forget to . turn off the rain . | : bawley leave , bick and Leslie be alone in the big room . | : she join he in watch the blaze . bick you tired ? leslie : ‘( a lengthy think ) Jordan , what 's happen be we be get '' on one enother 's nerve . bick : 3 no , could ' be , leslie : ° we have be together every day and every night since the first minute we see one another , ' ' - bick : be that bad ? . ueslie : . no , but we have get into the habit of snarling at each other - on thing we should have adjust to year ago , -- I think it would be good if I take the child home -- for a visit . _ ( continued ) so " gtant " . yf / s5 | - final y 230 ( cont . ) . bick : a {not face the issue ) Home ? well , if you be homesick + I mean , if co 's that 's tne way you want it - : leslie ; it 's not the way I want it . . bick ' well - 8 - '' + ' leslie ; it will oe better if we be apart for a time . it will be better for we and the child , ' give '' ; we both a chance to think thing out . ' bick : a well - gee , I do not know , Les -- a a= you lmow best «- ae . . 6 : het hit pretty hard , Leslie go to he and kiss he gently . — . , : ' : , leslie : : : I think it will be best . 6 to ' < she start the i long walk toward the stairway as bick take a thumb and flick what might be e cinder out of the corner of he eye -- and continue to look into tae fire . dissolve : 231 , benedict siding : oo day a through train hes halt here . bick be stand by it , he back to the cahera , his femily be face he , group behind . € the glass of . a window in one of the pullman . Leslie and she - - three child ere busy , each in he own way , indicate goodbye to father , we hear the voice of the conductor . . voice : ( 0.s. ) all ' boerd ! there be a sound of puffing exertion from the locomotive ahead . . the train 's coupling grab and clatter and the window wnaich hold bick 's family , glide out -- as bick make a final ges 's . in they direction , a blur of other window pass by raviely , and with a " swoosh " the end car clear , bick alone , he back to we , find himself look out onto mile of open Texas country -- a expanse of nothingness . dissolve : qd ? 232. 233. 23h . 235 . " giant " final , , ag lush , GREEN , maryland countryside day {wo mount figure , a man and a woman , take a hedge and be coming toward come aa . dissolve : closeup . one of the rider , David karfrey , smile at he companion , closeup the woman ' . - it be lacey , leslist young sister ~~ now mature , bloom , and beautiful . two shot leslie and her father they be in the rise garden , beside the lynnton house . her eye follow the rider , her expression be one of approval and perhaps a shade of wistfulness . Dr. lynnton be study she , as the rider pess , greeting arc cachange , leslie : '' lacey be a lucky little girl , . ( aware of she father 's examine eye ) if I have it to do again I would still walk ore with Jordan = even if I kmaw it be go to end like this . - . dr . lynnton 's you dontt love he ? leslie : I do -- but - the truth be we do not harmonize -- we do not think alike - on one single thing . dr . lynnton : except that new benedict -- jordy and '' gudy and you little luz , . 's Leslie turn away . dr . lynnton :s so you do not see eye to eye on a lot of thing 's =- you love the boy , and you love he child , I suppose he love they too , leslie : oh , we love each other - but I can not live with he , -- I be rebel all the time . - ( continued ) ° " giant " oo , chang pinal : 4 19/55 # 35 ( cont . ) : dr . lynnton : . qaugh a little ) ' that sound exciting . why , babz , you be livin' . - : leslie : namuse despite herself ) oh , daddy , Mrs. lynnton appecr from the house , onto the veranda . mrs . lynnton : 1 : Leslie - I need some help . leslie : all rigit , mother . mrs . lynnton : you will nave no time to be homesick -- with this wedding and Thanksgiving on we together . * dissolve : . 236 . close shot a . large turkey gobbler in a pen . 237 . close shot leslie' ' three child watch with interest eas the turkey spread he tail magni - ficently and strut . they beam with pleasure as they feed he corn from a pail . . jordy : sultan - you eat you dinner like a good boy . dissolve : 238 , group shot '' lynnton dine room i des - present be -- Dr. and Mrs. lyanton , lacey end karfrey . soo Leslie and she three child ere sit alongside of lsiness gene another at the festive Thanksgiving table , luz , the dittlest , be sobbing . '' luz : + I can not eat sultan . jordy and Judy bravely encourage they little sister to = buck upe a a. ee '' 1239 . ctoseup ruge turkey roasted and brown , : dr . lynnton' voice ; oh , most merciful fether , we bow we head in gratitude on this we Thanksgiving Day . we give _. ' thee humble and hearty thanks for this , thy . c bounty -- 2h . mo . shot leslie and the child she join the older two in pantomime to the little one to stop cry . Leslie 's aid contribute wealness rather than strength , for now the two older child , infect by the grief of they little sister , join in the tearful reaction to ' the brown carcass of they depert frierd , v 241 , close shot dr , lynnton he continue with the prayer . have uo : ew bescoch thee to continue thy loving k kinaness : to we , that we land mzy still yield she increase , to thy glory and we comfort , amen , 2h2 , full shot the group around the table , or. lynnton , have finish , pick up the cutlery ’and with a surgeon 's grace be about to sever a drim - _8tick , he hesitates as the child 's cry grow louder , 243 , - reverse angle Leslie and she brood , as she attempt to console they , her effort ere reward by even louder lamentation , as the . butler swazey enter with a telegram , Leslie take this & - opportunity to exit with she child into the adjoin room . 2h. closeup mrs . lynnton and swazey she look at the telegram , , 2 : mrs , lynnton : ' : it 's for miss Leslie , jefferson , < ‘248. . ake . '' gtant " no 9/1928 a final w/u/s5 | hallway Leslie be on she knee comforting she tearful child , leslie : ' it 's -- a day when we be e112 suppose to 's be happy . - smile like mommy , she. affect a bright smile , the chilare try it . it only make they cry rore , - swazey enter . swazey : sometr.int wrong , miz Leslie ? Leslie shake she head , no , swazey thon hend she the tele - gram and he face be clouding in response to the child 's grief , he shake he head mournfully and exit . . closeup leslie and the child | Leslie open the telegram . as she read it a genuine smile come over she face . . : leslie : . . now perhaps you will stop cry . it 's a message to you from you father . . luttle luz : ( erightay ) a . . daddy ? . jordy and Judy uncloud too , ' . jordy : : 7 be he come for dinner ? . " leslie : ( uneasily ) no . - no . - he say == ' I hope my derling be all very happy . I want they to imow - — - 's ( she now start to cloud up ) . iowan they to know I miss they very much and — love - each - one = very <= ( she choke ) . , luz : iowont daddy , luz burst into tear , this set off the other two again and leslio , completoly undermine , join they , . dissolve : fal aie ? bick be seat alcne at the head of the teble , lose in think , as eusubio enter bear 2 roast turkey on a large silver platter , eusubio beam as he put he delicacy on the tabdle in front . of bick , who do not bat a eye . eusubiot smile fade as he observe bick 's indifference , ~ . . '' dissolve : ext . lynnton house day bick be walk up the path from the driveway . he be carry he suitcase , and wear a nice city suit , triple- stitched . int . great dine hall reata . day boot , and a small western het . reverse angle bick in f.g. he : stop and look the old lynnton house cver . , the house have ean air of ceremony about it , vehicle be to be see - activity can be nctice on the inside , through the large front window , bick resume he way to the fror.t door , be about to rnesk when the door open and suezey appenre , in somenhet formal attire . strain of a organ be hear . swazey : i : I could see you comin ' , why , mister benedict - this be a good surprise . bick : . how be you , jefferson ? ~ swazey : ( quietly ) we be havin ' a weddin ' , -- jest plenty of '' excitement . . 0 ' int , entrance hall - . : bick enter , as swazey close the door , through arch we see the ceremony in progress -- the lady ornamentally dress , the gentleman in cutaway . bick , unnotice , remove he western hat and withdraw a little . the organ play softly as the bridesmaid , with Leslie es matron of honor and she two older child as attendant , appear . closeup bick his eye glow warnly as he seo Leslie look so beautiful . . / " giant " : . iyfi / os e ; final . on 252 , another angle toward leslie . as she pass by , not see bick , the organ segues to the c strain of " lohensrin " , Little lacey come down the stair on she father 's arm . : u53 .° closeup bick and swazey bick be lose in tnought . | swazey : ( in a whisper ) . let I sest you hat , mister benedict . : ' this arouse bick and he feel to be en intruder in he in - a , . . formal attire . hs withdrews a little and slip around through the dining room t> the open slide door close by the ministe : i where he can see and not be see , Leslie be behind the bride , po , . she back to bick , : 254 . reverse angle over minister' shoulder : : , show the bride and groom , oo minister : David , will thou have this woman to be thy wedd wife ? . . karfrey : I will . 255 . angle past leslie toward bick she be quite move and misty - eye . his interest in the cere -- mony 's have . bring he closer , narrowing the gap that separate '' they . minister : : w- will thou love she , comfort she , honor , a keep she , in sickness and in health -- and forsake all other -- . bick 's thought be hard on Leslie , minister : = ~ keep thee only unto she , so long as you both shall live ? : . qo 256 , C 5k . 257 . ) € . ase , c @ _ bride , GROOM , and minister " giant " &/y/55 final 95 . '' | karirey : I will . eo ' minister ; . , lacey , will thou -- two shot leslie and bick Leslie , very mich nove , intuitively she sense something , look around , gee bick , react , but dutitully maintain she interest in the ceremony . : : minister : -- have this man to be . thy wedd husband , to | live together after God 's ordtnence in the Holy estate of matrimony ? wilt thou love he , comfort he , honor , and < < group shot minister and bride and GROOM minister : . w- keep aim in sickness and in health ; and , ' forsake all other , keep thee only unto hin , so long as ye both shall live ? . lacey : I will . - as we hear the word , - " I now pronounce you man and wife " , the lohengrin music swell , the whole assemblage be in motion and alive with excitement -- with the exception of bick and Leslie . they stand quite still , geze at one another , the crowd swirl the bride and bridegroom away . Leslie end bick ' stand for a instant in front of ' the altar , then they be in _ , each other ! arm , . bick : ( as they break apart ) be you ready to come back to you old beat - up cowhand ? the leslie : Jordan , I be no different from what I be . when I go away . bick : . in Texas we like a little vinegar on we green - give ‘em flavor , honey , let 's go home . : ( as they start to move = afterthought ) * where 's my kid ? '' fade , out i 260 . oniss :.on : of two ' beopie . from ! hcene | bick : change gtant " final 5/21/55 sé. fade in jett rink's place the ' day close in f.g. be jett , grimy from work and sweat . he have - pause to take a drag from a pint bottle . behind he be the dower structure cf a derrick support a rotary drill drive by a old steam engine , a mexican and he boy be have aifficulty lif ting @ length of case from the back of a ancient truck . cett cache he bottle and move over quickly to add he strength to they task . he shoulder one end of the pipe while the two helper on the other end struggle to keep up with he . dissolve : day in the f.g. ws see a huge prize bull . Little angel cbregon be hold the h:lter rope . watch be little jordy and Judy , dress alike in boy ! ranch clothes . group around on the veranda be the benedict and they guest , -- vashti and pinky , adarene and bale clinch , Ollie whiteside , gabe target and uncle bawley . ext . reata ranch house ' well , gabe - that 's he -- Zine tut . hel what we have be work towards for - the last ten - twelve year . I do not cure where you have be - in what part of the wor.d = you will not bee anything to come up to this . this be it . ' gabe : some hunk of beef . bawley : when bick finish he breedin ' program he will have a animal that 's ninety - nine percent beef and the rest exaggeration . bick : at this moment there 's a clatter of metal on metal , as dust trom a pass truck blow in on they . Oliver ! see that -- that 's rink's . I do not want he haul through my place any more . whiteside : he have the easement -- no two way about that , bick . ( continued ) sn sl a . " giant " : '' hal / ss c : pinal . 97 . om 260 ( cont . ) han bick :. - . '' I know -. but - I have have enough of he be prospec ' in ' and I want he out . , . clinch : he 's dom to he last collar but.ton , . , . bick : ; co . sure , huy he out . buy he out : and get . he out of here , '' 61 , top of a oil derhick - day there be a tremendous roar and rumble , the sound of a explosion , the dunrick shake and a gigantic spout of black liquid spume up , ' 22 , - closeup jett as he see he gusher come in . the raining ofl splashes ' and glisten on he face , : lo . co 263 . ° long shot we the full crescendo of the gusher 's fury burst as , shoot from the depth of the earth , it engulf the derrick and '' poar into the sky . . cs ' dissolve : 26h . ext , reata veranda , evening to ( the company be sit around lazily enjoy the warm sumer '' evening , as jett careen he truck into the driveway and , with screeching of brake , come to a stop . he jump out , cover : with 041 and unsteady with whiskey . deliberately , he mount | : the veranda step and stand there . jett 's tooth ere white | . against he oily face as he grin at bick and the guest . ' his voice be low and husky with emotion . oo . jett : my well come in , . bick : gk ( quietly ) : ' that 's fine , jett , . : leslie : jo . that 's veally wonderful , jett . {continued ) a ' a j for ie " grant " b/a/55 pinal 88. 26h ( cont . ) . jett : - everybody say I have a duster , you all think of 1 ' . spindle top and burkburnet be all the oil there be . I be here to tell you it be not , it 's here -- and there 's not a dang thing you can do . about it , bick . : . bick turn and lean forward , jett : . '' I be rich , bick ! I be rich ! I - I be goin ' to have more money than you ever sew =- - you and the rest of the stinkin ' son of beredict ! . bick stand up = quiet and deliberately . . bick : . . . Leslie , honey - you and the , girl go on - indoors , ' Leslie rise ~ so do lacey - but they do not leave , : _ leslie : jett , we be glad you strike it -- and you go along home now , . : jett : . ( look heavily in she direction , smile ) 7 my , you lock pretty , Leslie . you always look so pretty . bick rink ! get goin ' ! . | jett : . . ( he move close to Leslie ) you leok just good enough to eat . bick move quickly ~ turn jett and punch he in the face . jett stagger back but regains he balance and he poise . jett : - ( a smile expression ) my you be techy , bick -- you be techy as a cook , as bick make a grab for jett , jett lunge at he , the other man quickly grab and hold the two antagonist . as bick stand there with he arm pin , jett suddenly break free and land a@ wick blow low in bick 's mid-section . as bick sink to the ground jett walk from the veranda , camera with he , get into he car and . drive off , : 265 . 266 . " 267 . 268. 269 . tt gi. ny foal a | ext . veranda . . | bick have rise tc he foot , help by uncle bawley . he be in pain and Leslie soothes he , . bawley : : : would have save a heap of trorble , bick , if you would rave shot that so and so before . now he 's too rich to kill , . . 's dissolve ; neatly painted sign . i. it read : " Little reata " , superimpose , long shot , jett 's oil rig pump , pan off and dissolve -- pan on to another oil rig pump . dissolve -- group of ofl derrick . over this group of shct , superimpose closeup , jett rink , dress in Texas fashion , surveying i+ all imperiously . dissolve , only " Little reata " sign remain , superimpose , bick benedict , some ten year older , think hard , the sign hold long over he face , . . dissolve : '' insert midland newspaper headline read : " little reata development company expand " , , dissolve : int , library reata . bick , on the phone , as he look down at the paper angrily . Ollie whiteside be with he , . : bick : -- and you tell you client that reata be my property , and the name of reata be my property . - and the Texas court be fair --- that he be to cease usin ' the name of my ranch in he oil scheme , I will not have oil diggin ' on reata -- and I will not stand for its name be use , dissolve : " little reata " sign it be take down and replace by a new sign -- '' jetexas company " , . . . . nrecarur . | c X 279 . be '' ' 27l . | i ' C 272 . ae ' ~ be - bick and leslie' sitting room ' and gracefully . " giant " final '' he 1 / ' ss 100 , back end of a handsome petrolem 's tr . > in motion , bcld sign on + '' sr say : '' jetexas " , camera hold , let truc '. nu ? '' '' 3 % , show double line of con - erete highway , CA ..=** the scward a= dissolve ’? old maty .2 & of reata in the f.g. bick and Old polo , mount , behind they a small keri move through the gate , the man turn back and look long a the direction of the depart truck . : dissclve :. night it.is modern ~- handsomely redone to suit Leslie 's present mood , bick be sit in a big chair by the window , read he magazine , Young luz , now about fourteen , be stretch out prone on the chaise longue , with she head at the foot . turn page of a fashion book . Leslie be in ea chair , tete & tete with she daugnter , she wear the add year lightly moping around the room be young jordy , now seventeen , he hes a problem on he mind , luz : : . ( while study the fashion ) they say aunt luz be really in love with . jett rink herself -- even if she be old enough to be he mother . leslie ; why , luz ! luz : she be a character ! -- they say she be always try to keep he -- : ( a quiet nod toward she father ) from get merried , -- he have to sneak off to marry you . - . bick : - ( look up ) co , what 's that ? viz shrug , bick : who caida whet ? ( cul?st tsd ) wanine U / / o> | final : 101 . 272 ( cont . ) - | . luz : | somebody -- I forget . ' ( confidentially , to she rother ) they say every girl in . Texas trn.ed to catch pepa -- they say , quote , there be not a prize bull like he since Sam Houston get marry , . . bick : Leslie , that 's enough from she . . leslie : ( to luz ) : iim sure it 's true , darling -- 1 % take I two whole day to land he , jordy stand in the adjoin door and by gesture indicate for he mother to come , she rise and go to he . . luz : - ( leave ) really - it all sound so fascirate and uncouth . . bick : where be you go ? luz : . down the road for «coke - the sritty 's . bick : with who ? / luz : nobody . bick : . ' stay hom ?. she shrug and slither out the door , close it heavily . bick ; - hey ! - you -— : ' the door open and Judy ( jordy 's twin sister ) appear . judy : hello , papa -- you busy ? '' bick : where you be ? judy : down the road -- for a coke , ( continued ) masreee . . es tt oe final : 102 , 272 ( cont .1 ) bick : who with ? . judy : Bob , the door open a little wider , a hulk boy ( bob dace ) stick he head in somewhet uncertainly . bob : . ' lo , Mr. benedict . bick : hello , beb. bob : ' ' night , tir , benedict , ( he withdraw ) judy : Excuse I , papa . ( she close the door to sty goo dni ght to liob == after a brief moment the door open end she reappear ) . judy : : . look , pop a+ ( she sit on the arm of bick 's chair ) you busy now , papa ? . '' bick : never too busy for you , - young feller , = what 's on you mind ? . 273 , adjoining bedroom Leslie seat - jordy pace . jordy : - I be , mom - I be go to be . I want to go . to Harvard and then Columbia pre-med . leslie : ( silent a moment - she smile , touch ) you want to be a doctor ? ( as she think on , she smile fade ) how abous reata ? he 's count on you to take over . jordy : yeah , yeah - I lmow . but there 's fifty thousand * guy can do it better . ( continued ) 273 ( cont . ) Leslie studic he . 274 . 275 . tulane y/4 / 22 . final 103. jordy : -( cont . ) I do not want to live my life push cattle around . {h2 soften } mana , I would die for papa if I have to —- leslie : you imow you father do not want you to die for he , he want you to live of :> he , : ( sie put . she arm around aim ) I will telk to papa , -- myself . jordy : you can swing it , mom . I know yo. can . : leslie : it 's not go to : be easy . let ms try to smooth ths way a little first . os sitting room bick end Judy be 1a earnest conference , judy : : : : 3 . talk to she , will you , papa ? reeson with she , bick : I do not want this pin on I , : judy : . I will take the blame , just you soften the blow . bick : well - maybe I can catch she in a weak moment . judy : you can do it , dad , . ( she give he a '' big . hug and a kiss and start to leave the room ) bick : you know you mother -~- it 's not go to be . easy . '' dissolve : niget Leslie and bick be sit up read , in the twin bed which have replace though old - fashioned double bed , for year ( continued ) '' oy a = " grant " , _ ; ae final 275 ( cont . ) '' : . a fixture in the room , between they be a tray with coffee service , a . leslie : ( listlessly ) . darling , . I have be think . . - beck : I too . : leslie : - about the child , : bick : . warm up ) . . : that 's : sunny . I too , we mst be get old . leslie ; , speak for yourself , --' I have baer wonder if we love they enough to do what 's really best for they , bick : why sure , ' ‘he think ) _ I hope so , leslie : I mean , so we love they too much , perhaps , -- so mach we keep from do what be right for they . bick : ~ not I . - - you do not have to worry about I , the honesty of he statement be somewhat tempere by the guard look he throw in Leslie 's direction , bick : itts always the mother , the theory be she do not want she fledglings to leave the nest and try , they wing ~ and all that , : leslie : ( she sit up ) you -- you would be perfectly willing to sacrifice ? bick : . I would sacrifice for they , you kncw that , ( with a eye on Leslie he lean over and pour himself a cup of coffee ) I be not so sell on that girl ' school in ~ Switzerland you be stick on . ( continued ) " gtant " . lay/55 final 105 . 275 ( cont , 1 ) lesiie close she ook sharply . bick sit up in bed with ( cy ) he cup of coffee , ce bick : oc " now do not : get you feather up . Judy 's not _ erazy about thet Switzerland stuff either , leslie : . of course she be not = that 's why she need it . ° bick : — I would not push she , ' she want to go to Texas tech , " + eesete : that 's a man 's college . c ae bick : | Girls go too . it 's get the best husbandry . course i : the country - she say . ( lie leugh a little , .please ) she want : : to be a rancher like har old max . ' leslie : : : like Bob dace , she 's just get a little girl erush on that hulk Bob dace , & bick : . ' : well , she 's get she mind set on it - that 's what . she want - and I for one be willing to sacrifice , he look to Leslie , expect a protest - wet none . she turn out she lighi , lie back on 's she pillow think . bick : what do you say ? . leslie : it seem we have hatched a odd pair of fledglings , darling . --. brace yourself . ( she now cast a guard iook in bick 's direction . . jordy wart to be a doctor , af . bick : : , he want what ? . - leslie : . . . he want to be a doctor , he 's absolutely set on it . , bick : over my dead body -- you know what he 's go to be . t . . 's , so 's ( continued ) or man sta be ee final 106 , 275 ( cont .2 ) . leslie : he be not , he would dic for you but he will not live he life for you -- and he 's right . bick : he will do as we have all do . leslie : : he want to go to Harvard first and then to Columbia pre-med . bick : pre-m ? huh ! you be pretty handy with that term , I can see who 's be cookin’ this up . . : leslie : of course , this would be a big sacrifice on you part . : silence , he sit there think , reach behind . and turn . out he light . he lie back in darkness , bick : well «+ no matter where he go to school , he come back home and run reata , . leslie : I guess you be right on one thing , darling . - bick : I ? ' leslie : on one thing -- we be get old , . bick : who ? leslie : - we be , Jordan , we be ' the older generation . be not we = suddenly ? ' he think this over and laugh softly . bick : yeah = I guess so , " " leslie : Jordan , what become of we generation ? . dissolve :- > cy 276 . ihe en c '' t a ‘o 277 . '' ' 278 , in the face and a prawl start . " gtant " ue l/y/55 final 107 , int , large , elaborate office in the room be jott rink , with member 07 he staff , a older man , watt , be seat at the desk , - ead . jett be slump in a large leather armchair , he .s expensively dress in a dark business . suit , but without a tic . he do not see to be pay any great attention as watt drone out the para - graph of a o41 jease contract , suddenl : something catch he attention , jett get up . jett ; . be that the vashti hake ranch watt : we get it . . jett : good , fow about reata ? watt : no , benedict 's a tough nut to crack , . jett : keep pur. ching , . : jett sit down , start read the document . . dissolve : many oil lease slide over the stene , superimpose jett rink 's face , and as the oil lease disappear camera pull back to show he at the wheel of a special - build car , drive at 100 mile ean hour past a field of 011 derrick , dissolve 10 ; jett in the sane car . . night drive up to a nisht club . as he pull up and stop , he crash he car into one park at the curb . he open the door and start towards the night club entrance . the owner of the other car come protestingly to jett . he get bang dissolve ; insert front page , hermoso DAILY news the headline rend : " jett rink dedicate Hospital " , pull back ( continued ) 279 ( cont. ) to show uncle bawley seat in a big chair in the main hall 280 . 281. of reata , final mte 106 . ~~ read the item , bick be look :ng over he shoulder , bawley : Hospital ! what 's he cover up now ? that hombre 's goin : tc overstep the mark one cf this day . bick : just give he enough rope «-- : . bawley : '' give hin enough rope and he will ring you . bick straighten up as he hear the phone ving . luz appear closeup luz as she pick up telephone receiver . mo . shot _from the veranda , . luz : I will get it . luz : . hello «-- yes «- no , this be she daughter . ( give with therm ) you dia ? -- well , you will heve to find that out for yourself . including luz , bick , and . bawley : bick : look , luz = take you social life onto the other phone , will you ? luz : it 's for you , ( put receiver to one side ) I think he 's nice , bick : who 's nice ? luz : . ( as she hand he the phone ) jett rink . lo. bick : I do not want to talk to he , . ( continued ) . ee cc cae a/y / o> final 109 . 231 ( cont . ) 282 , 283. 26h . 285 . 286 , luz : what will I tell he ? bawley : let I -- I '11 tell he , ' bick : T will tak it . . ( he take the telephone ) luz hesitates on she way out and hover near the door , bick : ( listen a bit , then - ) you have hear from I before on tis , jett , judge whiteside 's tell you and I have tell you -- this be a cattle ranch , not en o:.1 field , that 's the way .t 's go to stay . close shot bick '' and bawley bick hang up the shine . . bawley ; : . that be a most expensive phone call , bick , cost you ubout a billicn dcllar a year far the next fifty year . close shot luz '' ' bz : . could not we have just one little bitty oil weil ? -- so I could get I my own personal phone ? ' dissolve + hall clock - reata , '' night it chime three otclock . ext , reata MAIN house a roadster pull in and stop quietly . , os dissolve : closeup young judy and bob dace they embrace and kiss passionately . . " gtant " ly /38 a final | 110 . 287 , illuminated radio dial on dashboard as the music of a rhumba end we hear the ' voice of a news - a , caster . newscaster's voice : . as of two - thirty this morning , tlastern Standard time , @ communique from the headquarters of rc : General Douglas macarthur inform we that we : . . Air Force base at manila , damage in the japanese sneak ai.tack of a fortnight ego , be once more operaticnal , the position of the U.S , force in the linayen Gulf . sector have be strengthen , repeater . enemy attack -- , . # 88 , closeup the boy and the girl break they kiss long enough for she ts shut the radio off . ' . . judy : that oniy make I realize I be nose you . . they get cut of the car . Bob dace take a travel bag with S he and they go toward the house , . ' 3 os oo dissolve : 289 , int , MAIN hall ; Co. as they tiptoe toward the stair , pass a Christmas tree . dissolve : 290 . upstair hall Judy open - one of the bedroom door slowly . as they slip in and close the door quietly , we see the moonlight from the window shine on the downy counterpane of the old - fashioned bed , we hear the key turn in the lock . . ' . _ , , dissolve : 291 , MAIN hall reata ' of christhas norming u family and friend be gather and all seem havpy , open package end chatter , jordy be in Oxford grey suit and pin collar , Harvard style . he be engage in joculer by - play with he father , who disapprove of the outfit . ( continued ) ogi ) é xu xu & n , with of : meat 291 ( cont . ) 232 , 293. 29h . : bick : '' try this on -- it will do something for you . joray put on the hat , he old man 's stetuon , it be too - big and come dowr : over he ear . jordy : ( with a look into the mirror ) therein be the story of my life , ( teke hat off , return it to he father ) Leslie , have observe this byplay , look up to the head of the stair , leslie : well , there you be ! come here ny darling . judy and bob oo , nos come down the stzir . , Bob be in shirt sleeve , Judy in pajamas and robe . the group around christy tree react enthusiastically . '' wz : when diag you two gmexzk in ? jordy : the honeymooner ! luz : : youtre in for it , Judy - you know mother want a ote wedding . . leslie : hush - that 's not true . well - not quite true . the two newlywed join the group . _ there be kiss and they - brace all around . : the front door as lupe open it , stand there be Old pole and the two obregon , dress in they Sunday best -- with young angel , in khaki uniform , obviously a brand new g.i , he be grin from ear to ear , they enter and stand in the hallway . . group at chrisinas tree as Leslie see they . ( continued ) " tpit , / sy ad 29h ( cont . ) 275 . 296 . 297 . leslie : come in ! - and Christmas greeting to all of you . luz gather some caristmas gift and hand they to she mother ; mo , shot at front door the obregon stand where they be , smile but timid . old polo : we ceme for you to see angel . hoe be the first soldier from reata . : angel be be merl:ed with attention , es if he be already & hero = he beam with pleasure , Old polo warmly share he pride , as Leslie bestow a gift upon . angel , } leslie : today the wish of all of we be that the war end soon and that you , angel , will return safely to reata , tc all that who love you very much . camera angle widene as all join in similer sentiment , at this time , Dr. cuerra enter with a jovely young latin- americen girl , juana . close shot ' jordy make he voice hear above the other . jordy : . hello '' Doctor Guerra , close shot dr . guerra and juana .as jordy come to they , . . . - dr , guerra : hello , dostor benedict . jordy : Le . you be a little premature , Doctor Guerra . '' dr . guerra : . ( nod knowingly ) I know . it take time . -- Jordan , this be juana , she 's training at the hospital , juana offer she hand . as jordy take it they be flicked with a shock of static spark . jordy laugh . juana smile . ( continued ) 297 ( cont . ) 298 , 299 . 7 " . . se " ys : jordy : . - it 's the darn North wind - static . dr . guerra : have not you learn , Jordan , that dry wind , . friction , and a thick carpet be not the only . mean of create electricity between human being ? . jordy and juena experiment with a '' nena shake again , this tin although there be . no spark , we sense that they feel a current group shot '' on the hall - the obregon ar2 il at ease , - . old polo : thank you . we should go now , 's Bob dace button ' iole angel. : : . _ bob ; , . can not you stick around ea minute , angel - give - I the low down on what it 's lik ? - the obregon exchar age look and acquiesce , they exit as Bob take angel aside to talk . . . dr . guerra : we must go , too , Mrs , benedict , we just stop by to pay we respects , . in the bebe we notice that jordy and juana be quietly talkin ' dissolve : ornate punch BOWL with gold lettering ~ " Tom and Jerry " . around it be many little mug , similarly inscribe , camera pull back and show bick ladeling from it . he 4s fill two cup for Bob dace , he be about to pour one for jordy , who we see stand on he right . jordy : : not for I , dad - right now , ' bick : : - , ( pour one for himself ) I be go to drink a toast to the young man of roata -- my two son , Jordan and Robert . ( ho take a sip ) . ( continued ) af '' '' py '' eranr " '' a nyss final - mas 299 ( cont . ) , bob : thank you , Mr. benedict , Bob take he tuo mug . we see he go back through the arch to a bench by the hall door , where angel have be sit listen , . ' jordy : better take it easy on the bourbon , dad . bick give he a look . . jordy : : 7 '' it 's not good for you , papa , I be not kid . bick : ( good naturedly ) all right , doc , jordy : . - certainly hate to see angel gc . bick : . : that , toy 's the best dang man cn the place . ( he plant himself in en easy cheir ) yeah - this war 's catch up with we . we have ail bot the do we part -- now that you have finish college be a good time for you to take you place here and produce beef for the war . jordy : " . I be net go to change , dad , Im go on to mo school = at least until I be draft , bick : grow beef , -- that 's the importan * '' thing for we to do . - jordy : they need doctor , dad , they need doctor in the - war too , I be go on and finish medical school if I can , . bick : ( sit back heavily ) youtre be bull -headed . jordy :. never would be any good rume this place -- ( with a look at the two boy ii : the hall ) any man. on reata could do it better , bick follow jordy 's look , ho anger , stand , ( continued ) " grant " final , . rhe 299 ( cont .1 ) bick : Son , you be the one - you have the rosponsibility -- to --. to -- jordy : ( quictly ) - , ook , papa ~ you blood pressure 's go up just , while we be talk here . — please , papa , it be not good for you . <= relax . bick : now do not you get fresh with I . Leslie , have sease that she 's need , walk in , bick : ' ‘to Leslie ) | _ wetre talk . . leslie : yes - I hear you . it 's christhwe morning -— " to she son ) be not this a matter that can be discuss tomorrow ? jordy : w~- nothing the discuss . when I come home I be go to work with Doctor Guerra in vientecito . I leve _ Texas as much as you do , I want to work here , dad , but in '' different way , that 's ell . '' camera move in on bick =— - as the other exit , he slump : back in the chair , . bick : work with Guerra ! -- madre de Mia ! . _ ( he sit there think ) bobt voice : ( 0.s. ) . 80 long , angel ~ be see you . angel' voice : ( 0.s. ) so long , Bob = ' be good , we hear the door close , then there ' be a '' pause . Bob dace walk | over to where bick sit . : * bob' voice : ( 0.8 , ) ( to cheer he ) here 's to you , sir . bick . look up , smile . .300 , two shot '' ngzand '' , uj /55 final 116 , bois and bick '' bob : , 's you look beat , Mr. bonedict . =- here 's to you ! ( he drink up ) it 's good , do you make this yourself ? | bick : . make it every year - my Christmas special , , bob : | : I mean the liquor -- do you make the liquor ? . | ( he laugh to cheer hick ) : if you do not , it 's the only thing you . do not procuce on - reata yourseif , bick ( he warm up . ~ chuck ) es ) maybe you get something there . we would sure as heck make better bourbon in Texas than kentucky - ever think of make . ( he go to the bar ) , have another ? , they take sit down . Bob look bob : | do not ming it I de . : _ cohrow a careful look over he shoulder ) bick : , ( look in the same direction } have she already start take you in hand ? ( chuckle ) . just like she mama . — ( quietly - man to man ) to tall you the truth , you can get to like it . ( put he arm around Bob come over here and sit dow . I have get some serious talk to make with you . they mug with they - camera pan along - es they bick : : . I be watch you pretty close for a lot of year , you be a ranchman and you be smart . a little uneasy , bick : ( cont . ) . this place be not just a ranch eny more - it 's + &@ great big industrial plant -- take imow how , Moro important - you get to Love it . ( continued ) 300 ( cont . ) } " eran " - l/4/55 final . 117 . Bob nod he head in agroement as <- ' bick : ( cont . ) ( take another drag on he Tom and jerr : ) '' now , Bob , you be wonder why I be talk to you . Bob show great interest but a cross-current of emotion cau : he to shrug noncomittally . bick : ( cont . ) Bob jace , look I right in the eye . you could never be anything but a rancher - could you ? * bob : : ( look he right ir the , eye ) no , sir ! : bick : . that 's my boy ! not . . | bob : . ' but there 's somebody else think I could . | bick ; , at face cloud heavily ) not.dudyi .- not my girl : bob : no , sir , = not Judy . bick : . ( flercely ) who ? / bob : , oa President Roosevelt . ( he reach into he inside pocket , produce a paper ) . . listen to this . ' to Robert haskell dace , greet ~ ing from the President of the United States . bick : take it from Bob ard read ) you be hereby notify to report , on December twenty - eight , at five a.m. , for induction -- ' e- when do you get this ? bob : last week , bick : why do not you tell we ? ( continued ) " giant " ' final wis / s5 . 300 ( cont .1 ) bob : maybe you would not let we get marry , bick : . oponder a moment on the new problem - then brighten ) do not worry , you graft board will not let you leave this ranch , they will make you stay right here . this be as important as carry a gun . bob : Sir , I schank you for you confidence , but this be one thiug I be not go to try so get out of , bick : well , ‘have it you way , you mijht as well -- everybody else do around here , . the two of they be a bit startle to find Bob 's wife , Judy , stand behind tl.em . bick : ( smile ) well , tc show you my heart 's in the right place , when you come back and this fraca be over , the job 's yours . it will be wait tor you . bob : . zi could not take it , sir . judy : . papa , Bob and I have plan '' we want a place gust we own . . ' Bob nod acquiescence , bick : you crazy kid - can - you imagine you will ever . have a ranch like this ? ( with a sweeping gesture ) . like reata ? bob : gosh no - we just want a little place . judy : | just a little place - that will allow we time for experimentation and progress . bob : : you see , sir ~ big stuff be old stuff , now . ( continued ) a . " giant " 4/4/55 | on . pinal . 119 . we 300 ( cont , 2 ) . . i ; . bick : ' ch. ( blow ) i . so big stuff be old stuff — wey , I ~- / | bob : . Sir - Im sorry << judy : Bob do i't mean to upset you , papa . just want to be honest , we want something little , and all we own ~ that 's all - just ours , ' winningly ) you see. dad ? . - bick ' with difficulty - he pratenis to ) yes , hor.ey . I seo . Judy give he a kiss , take Bob by the hind and exit . bick go over to the tar by himself , pour a : tiff drink , stand there sip it end mutter , while lool : ing in the mirror . . . bick : ' . . keeping it together all my life for ‘em , Fighting | . '' mesquite - dust '' wind «- keep it big '' 2 - for t who ? might as well give it back to the dirteeat tiug v8 _ comanch , the door bell . ring , bick look up as luz breeze by to go . to the front door . a luz : that 's tre Christmas spirit , dad - give it ell . back to she poor Indians . his eye follow he : with a silent reprimand , of which she be unaware , '' 301 . mo , shot front door luz open it , stand there be a figure long foreign to this portal -- jett rink . he be handsomely dress , hat in hand , behind he we see watt and another man stand by @ luxurious sedan , " uz : , do not tell I - I kmow - you be jett rink , ( jett : ) '' . . . please by what he see 2 you be Judy , ( continued ) " giant " — 4/4/38 final 120 , 201 ( cont . ) it ) ‘ee 6 392 . luz : no , I be luz. jett : ( thoughtfully ) you be luz benedict . luz : that I a -- come in .. they shake hand and be touch by a little static shock . luz : : let I have you hat , dad 's.at the bar , come this way . they exit . the front room . 7 they come around the corner , head on into the Christmas tree . in pass , luz tax a net stock from it , which be fill with Little trinkess . she offer it to jett , he hesitates . luz : . fool fre - it 's Christmas . Eve : * ybody get one .. jett : Christmas ! - I think that be next week . - why do not somebody tell I ? camera pan they to include bick at the bar , luz : , Christmas greeting , from Mr , jetexas , himself , : bick : helle , hello , bick , = bick : jett , itd like to offer you a Christmas Tom and cerry . jett : - Fine , dust what I need , leave out that batter and the hot water . bick : sit down . ( continued ) — — — aly a vas we 302 ( cont . ) . jett take a chair , jett : t bick , = guess Christmas be as pood a day as ° any otler to talk business . ( perhaps he see a resenblance , because he find himself distrect by the figure of luz stand at the foot of the stair ) ° . 7 bick : .. you can run along , honey . we be go to talk brsiness , : . . ' luz : - 6 . . bye bye . bye , Mr. rink , - jett : vou . . " everyboiy call I jett , honey . bye bye , , ( be turn he attention so bick ' . : any day be a good day for busin2ss now thet 4 > . the war 's on we and the country need petroleum , jett have be unconsciously undoing the christme stock . will , trinket be in he lap , he be amusedly uexamine a tiny toy al . slot machine , : : bick : what 's on you mind ? . jett : : I be goirg to Washington tonight . why I be go and why I be here be oil . - . _ bick : I figure , . | jett : .. : yoah , let 's talk business . itm ready , '' ° 303 , close shot jet ? , he be pleascd with the mood of the moment und interested in the toy , a object the nature of which he can understand , jett : = good , bick - whenever we make a deal - you and I - it 's turn out pretty lucky for somebody . '' with a finger he pull the lever on the little slot machine . 304 , - 308 , 306 , 307 . 308 , 309 . '' otanr " '' . l/u/s5 final : insert the slot machine the symbol whirl , they stop on the three gold bar line up -- the jackpot , there be a metallic SOUND as of coin spew . . dissolve : | - chain pouring out of barrel down into oil well case . metallic nois3 of coin speving | | carry over this . dissolve : ext . long shot ' the reata plain . be : as far as the eye can see stretch a forsst of oil derrick , in the f.g. a truck with the reata marking be unload cattle feed , two vaquern , on foot , be give whe feed to ea small herd , into this scene there come two . larje , modern truck with j the " jetexas " sign on they , they be carry oil worker . eve dissolve : close shot old polo sit on he horse -- now avery oldman . only he eye move as they scan the horizon , dissolve ; closeup bick benedict he be dress for play , in . swim short and a white terry cloth robe ~- sprawle comfortably on a deck chair , bick : this oil business have not make a lot of difference , we live pretty much the way we have always live here at reata , full shot Group of business man relax around the new benedict swim pool , we hear the sound of a tennis game in progress . that - at poolside be -- Senator bale clinch , judge whiteside , uncle bawley , and pinky . ( continued ) 309 ( cont . ) " 320 . . 311 . " '' gianr " final , wi( os bawley : ( a gleam in he eye ) yeh - just like the old - timey jay , bick . '' fhe Lord be good to you to ses this concrete pool down right in you ow front yard . | we hear a splash . Water come in over the group . close shot youiig luz she head in a tipht fitting bathing cap , eppear from beneath the water alongside of they . she be enjoy some mischiel , Group ' shot bick laugh . bick : it 's good for the young folk . we would have have improvement of this kind arour.d here oil or no oil , oe clinch : that twenty -seven and 's half percent tan exemption on oil help a bit , do not it , bick ? bick shake he hsad -- half " yes " , half " no " , a tennis ball bounce into the scene , uncle bawley grab it . Leslie , racket | b hand , bronze , and in white tennis short , be enter from be : " pinky : bale , I will tell you what old pinky think , that oll tax exemption be the best thing 's hit Texas since we lick geronimo , with that , pinky let forth with a authentic Apache yell , off . - he robe , and dive into the pool . whiteside : ( muse pontifically ) one of the finest law ever pass in Washington , ~- - and joke aside , bick , -- bile and I be not averse to accept a share of credit for it , bick smile . leslie : ( look for ball behind clinch !s chair ) how about a exemption for depreciation of first - class train , Senator ? ( continued ) | rv n tt '' be 311 ( cont . ) 312 , 313. 34 . 315 . '' long ' suoT bick : whose ? your ? leslie : . ( aus bawley hand she the alt ) my father 's for instance , he 's npent he life save other men' life , how about some tax exemptior there ? she take the ball from tnele bawley , give : he a impish ook , and exit . whiteside : ( es he watch she go ) Leslie 's always be real sharp ijalkin' , have not ske ? bawley : Fair enough , judge ~ + , ' you always be smooth enough for two , dissolve : closeup warm browy eye camera pull pack aad disclose the beauty of juana . dissolve : she be imeeling at the altar in the little church at vientecito , beside she , kmeel , be jordy benedict . we discern the robe of the priest as we hear the conclude wed of the marriege ceremony . dissolve : na banner with the bold letter : " welcome home , sct . dace '' on it , : of mo , shot a SMALL band play lustily eas a train pull to a stop at the old benedict siding . 216 . 317 . 318 , 319 . '' 320 , into he young wife 's arm , " etang " ba /55 final . closeup judy her face be aglow with excitement , she i : look up , arm outstretch in welcome , as camera angle widen , we see she smile family -- Leslie , bick , luz , ete . reverse angle pullman car step sgt . dace make he appearancé ~~ lean anc very g.i , his face be alive . with warmth and - excitement , he céive from the step dissolve : full shot terrace at reata ~ beside the pool a 2 sather elaborate square jance be in progress , the orchestra be continue with the music that the band play at the station , some cf the young people be in bathing suit , the camera move if on Bob dace , he arm around he wife . . he be be lionize . dissolve : mo . '' shot benediut driveway a car pull to a ssop , jordy step out , ' halp juana alight . he be wear a dark suit ~ she in a simpl» but very attrac - tive dress . together , hand in hend , they walk toward the music , the light , and the excitement . panning shot amotig the dancers jordy and juana , hand in hand , thread they way through the - noisy crowd to Leslie , where soray confide to he mother something that we cannot hear , Leslie seem riot quite to ' comprehend : what he say , he repeat it . juana 's face be - flect pride and tcuching uncertzinty as to how this news will be receive , now Leslie regards the two young people with a mingling of happiness and apprehension as she glance in bick 's direction , she kiss juana impulsively , then with they she make she way through the whirling crowd tc bick , who be look - ding up at luz perch on the high cive toard , jordy confide he news to bick who fail to hear above the din what jordy have say , we see jordy pass along , takeing juana with he to where pinky be call the dance , tt 321 , 323. 32h . 325 , 326 . " giant " oo : ss final whe close shot bick and leslie bick take er by the arm and shout , . bick : what do he say ? mo , shot on the orchestra platform jordy and juana moant the platform as pinky stop the music , jordy face the crowd , jordy : Friends and neighbor - I want you to all meet my wife ~ Mrs , Jordan benedict tae third , closeup bick owe ' he hear this clearly now , camera take in Leslie . her face wear a expression of tenderness and comprssion as she watch he stunne look , closeup luz : on . the high diving board , as she react to the news . she close she eye , atfect to have black out , and take off _ ina ptratght - back , the camera follows she down for the splas . dissolve : SMALL , one column head on newspaper story camera close in so that notice can be read <= " angel obregon ' come home today " , . , dissolve : full shot benedict siding . in the f.g. be a three - car train , a local make up of outdated equipment . the rear car be half beggage , nalf passenger . as | it pull out we see a baggage truck stand there with a flag-drape coffin rest on it . the welcomer be about fifteen in number , stand somewhat apart from the flag-drepe object of they interest , they , huddle close together as if to find shelter from the persistent 's wind , ' dissolve : $$ ttt 329 . 330 . " @rant " way / ss final 127 . closeup of this group mute by grief , weep softly as she stand ' in a hand - dow black costume , be angel 's -mother . she be be steady by the father and sone sympathetic female . pan over to the baggage truck as it creek into motion , pall by the Station master , aid by i’0 ur mexican boy in well . - wear and somewhat makeshift americar . legion uniform , dissolve 3 MAIN hall reata : prominent be the six flag of Texas in the f.g. bick and . Leslie be formally dress . bick hes a rhite stetson in hand , bick step on a chair to get to the flag as camera move in on Leslie . leslie : he be tne first reata baby I see , I remember -- as if it be yesterday ~ when I pick he up . he have a fever - I be afraid he be not go to live =he day out . dissolve : the cemetery before interment ct na group of quite tle mexican choir boy be sing , ' the padre * 4s conclude he cffice as he step back from the flasc- crape casket which hold all that remain of the young reata-bred hero , all of that who be at the station be present . the color of they costume be predominantly bieck , except fer the blue of the boy ' legion coat and a mexican g.i. in kheki , a discharge insignia on he shirt . a second group , to one seay include bick and lesiie , jordy and juena , Bob dace and Judy . closeup old polo 4n he seldom wear collar and tie . the deep 'line in he face serve as convenient channel for unasheme tear . he feel a hand on he shoulder . camera pull sack , he look up to see bick benedict alongside of he . fold over bick 's arm be reata 's heirioom , the Lone Star flag . he drape it over the arm of Old polo . nothing be say '' put as this two man look one another squarely in the eye , much be understand , polo walk ove to the greveside and lay the fold flag across the box , at ti2 foot , so that now young angel 's mortal remain ( continued } . anna D , : A. _é G - pinal Tel '' ? 330 ° ( cont . ) 331 . 332 . 333. 33h . will have additional honor on the little distance they have yet to travel , camera pan to the choir toy , . who be sing bravely . dissolve closeup infant bjy baby pan up to juana , wio be hold the child , maconna-like . jordy behind she , be look at the infant with almost pro - fessional interest , pan over to clossup ef bick , look down at the dark - e;ed baby , his face wear trouble . pas to closeup of Leslie , as she glance to catch bick 's exoression . dissolve : closeup infant g.rl baby 4 pale and fair , juwiy , the mother , ' and Bob dace , the father , regard they ofi'spr . pan to bick , look down et the plond infant . his face wear a brilliant smile , he shake he head enough to say " that 's better " , pan to clos=up , Leslie , as she notus bick 's attitude and find hersel ? philosophically amused , dissolve : insert elaborate , embossed announcement | in blue and gold , es the music swell in a brassy , regal effect , which request the presence of the benedict cn the occasion of the dedication of the jett rink Airport in con - fonction with the open of he new hotel , the - eaperedor , at hermoso , leslie' sitting room lo Leslie and luz , busy with the day 's mail , have come onto the ~ invitetion , they choice of apparel vary widely —- Leslie in something that suggest sophistication --' luz in jeans and mogeasin . y luz : everyone , just everyone in the world , be go to be there . ( dreamily ) - I be go to t1y up to dellas , and I be goin + Neiman 's , and I be go to buy a sort of sterlight white , very simple and plain -- and deadly . ( continted ) '' orant '' " a /y/58 ' final : 129 . cr ( cont . ) ' " CD 334 leslie ; we before you get so simple -- andi eleborate -- poss . : _ you would better hear what you father have to say . a ' luz : . we be certainly go . I promise jett .. leslie : . jett ! -- what be you talk about ? lu2 : he like I , he like my parent too . he 's always talk about you . 1 leslie : foe . dear. darling luz , if I do not kaow you have a ' level benedict head on that imnature shoulder bos of yours I would prescribe a good s- :. ank , ns , : . . luz : tc he 's drzamy , ask the snythe gisl . ask anybody . he 's a ough diamond , er : leslie : : no : . he 's a rough rhinestene , and he 's cla encugn to : 's 2 be you father , S co , luz : .. he 's yummy . . dissolve : '' 535 , group shot library bick , with the menfolk , talk , gabe , pinky , Senator clinch , whiteside , and old bawley , : ' bawley : . : Hotel emperador ! the Emperor . bick , you should have shot that fellow the day he gusher come in , i : ' bick : . if I should have shot anybody , it should have be my lawye : , -- ' the day he let jett rink walk out of this very room with a piece of reata in he hip pocket , that 's when I ought to have do some shootin ' , : . pinky : you get to hand it to that wild - catter , though -- dang if you do not ! settin ' up hermoso with the USA 's biggest airport , ° ( continued ) I : : : " gtane " 55 - final ee ' 338 ( cont . ) , o . eslie enter , / < leslie : ° what be you six evil man up to now ? , bawley : it 's the coronation -- old jett be about to erown hizselr King . m , os whiteside : this in go to be a memorable svent , . ' pinky : : yeh , you have to have ten million just to get ‘on the guest list . whiteside : : : the most important people in she country -- a 3 . mational broadcast -- a magnizticent speech jett 's make -- I be go to write it ~- be hear across ve : the naticn by everyone , . bick ; : ' . . . eliminate one , L -_ . pinky : ' 9 yeh ? , , oo . bick : that 's I . . '' ' leslie ; good ! . . bick : , anything in my oil lease say I have to go , judge ? '' clinch : . , some mighty fine print there in place , bick , ( he laugh ) : : target : _¢ bick , boy , you have get to go . you have just . plain get to . . + pinky :- if you folk stay away , Leslie , you will be the . only peopie in Texas who be not there , : . . bick : J " yeh - I be afraid you be right . ( continued ) _ — _— _— $ — $ — S __ < a 336 . nn 337 . 338 . '' for 339 . % , 335 ( cont .1 ) " gianr " hb fy / ss final i3i . bawley : you be roped in with the herd , bick , you will put on you pink shoe and danse to jettt fiddle , just like everybody else , — bick : . if we jo , we will do it right , we be new oil -rich -- just like the rest of ‘em , iso we will go like the rest of them -~ only better -~ the old benedict spirit . Leslie , you set up one of you grand weekend , invite everybody , wetll take tem ell down with we . yeah , we will show that so and so who 's top people around this ecutry , I will buy that fcur-engine Douglas they have be try to sell I . bawley : , you car . fly in some orchid frem Hawaii . bick : 7 we will load up we party and buzz in low ~- right ‘on top of the building -- shake the tile right off that hotel roof , ( make a gesture with he hand like a@ zoom plane} dissolve ; the OPEN range ' in a cloud of dust , we see the remuda et full gallop -- horse underway at brealmeck speed . they be be crowded on all side by shouting vaqueros who be try to halt . they pace , closeup old polo as hé rein he mount to a quick ' stop and look directly into the sun , a roar of motor -- a shadow come over he face . four -engine aircraft , new and shiny _ the reata brand on its side , it be swinging low over the vemuda , dissolve : long shot tower of large , new HOTEL on its roof be a sign whick read : " '' emperador " , . . dissolve : I ro ho . 342 . " giant " hf / s5 final | 73a , int , HOTEL skyroo ! large , plate -glass window a waiter be carry a large tray of drinis , balanced on the palm of he hand , shoulder . high , through the window we see benedict 's transport plane come head - on , in level flight . . it loft its -nose , zoom up and roar over the building . the vibration from the plane 's motor give the content of the glass a shimmer effect , dissolve : long shot reata plane as it touch down on runway of magnificent modern airport . all flag be , flyirg . - dissolve : mo . shot plane ? " 3 companionway the door be open and 's the benedict guest have start to emerge . pinky : — : be this vomethin ' , miss Lane ? . vashti : jett 's always tryin ' to do thing bigger or spend more money than anybody else . ( to lona Lane ) . itll bet even in Hollywood , lona , you do not . have this much excitement , lona lane : perfectly fabulous ! can not wait to meet he . what. do he do ? . , : . ' bawley : to some people , he 's just a no good , wild - fattin ' so and so . whiteside : you get to say this for Mr , rink ~— '' he get it do . . the group be assemble at the bottom of the companionway . PRESS photographer be close in with camera and flash bs , I eo . bhs . 346 . 3u7 . 318. sgtantt " pinal bayle long shot reverse angle ' a parade , as in a rodeo , be pass , close shot bick and other | as they watch the aorse and rider pass . bick : | ( smile wryly ) there he be - the Emperor , himself . what . bick sees : at the head of the parade be jett rink , moumt on a fine palomino , deck out in handsome western costume , surmounted by & huge , snew - white stetson , he smile and lift he glove hand slowly in a majestic greeting . closeup leslie she look farther down the line of the pernde what leslie sees luz , ina fine , open car , enthrone in the back seat , hold 'a large bouquet of biuebonnet . . group shot bick , leslie , and vashti in f.g. Leslie look from the car to bick with interest . bick : . what 's this ? . vashti : be not this terrific ? luz be queen of the parade . {to Leslie ) you never tell I , - bick : do you know this ? : leslie ; no , I do not -- bick ; : good Lord -- my girl queen of jet rink dey . what be this ? dissolve ; 349 . 350 . " grant " b//55 final . 13h . int , lavish suit emperador HOTEL day ' Flowers be everywhere to welcome the gusst . bick be pace . bick : why do not somebody tell I ? somebody know , : leslie : Jordan , she 's only a kid , she think it would the wonderful to be the queen , bick : , on ! '' - you know about it then , : leslie : I do not , I be as surprised as you be . bick : it 's no surprise - it 's a shock , she 's do thing . efore that I have not go along with -- but she 's never be sneaky . . leslie : it 's nov exactly sneary , jorden , appear in a pavade , . bick : do not try to be funny . 's . leslie : I be not -- I be as upset as you be , I just lmow thet luz be intelligent encugh not to be impose upon by he or anyone . bick : . ( take the phone ) give I the desk , 'wait a moment ) . - this be bick benedict , do my daughter , luz benedict get in yet ? -~ now get this ~~ as soon as she come in have she call I . _ dissolve : int . bottle club 0 .' the : enperador , night Flowers be everywhere , ready for tonight 's open , a bar - - tender be behind the bar readying it . a waiter be arrange table , luz benedict and jett rink occupy a booth in lone - some splendor , bottle of bourbon be on the table and jett have obviously have quite a few , Music 4s pipe through and be play continually , ( continued ) $ $ $ 350 ( cont , ) '' gtant '' " w/u/95 pinal 135 . jett : you imo , luz , I think I will kee» it like this . think I will send they all home and just will not open up the place at all . luz : some girl might like a hotel ail to themselves . I - I like company , jett . I like lot of people , jett : . . all rigtt . lot of people , thet 's the way it 's go tc be with you and I , horey , whatever you want , just say it and you get it . ( he pour himself a drink , and one for she ) luz : okay , I would like a coke . jett : . that 's impossible — do not ask for the impossible . Soft drink be taboo here . luz : you meke the rule ? jett : : , , I make tne rule , : . . luz : you like thing you own way , do a't you , jett ? jett : do not ' you ? -~ it be not . everybody that can have thing they way . , wz : I do not get they my way often , jett : . you will not ' till you get marry . ' til you marry someone that will give you what you want when you go it , luz : - so ane jett : so = you would better think about get marry . . luz : that *s a idea , : jett : . you look like a queen in that parade today . ( continued ) oe 350 ( cont .1 ) ' " gtant '' l/h /5s final 136 . wz : mo it be my job . jett : that 's what you ere - luz benedict the second , you could be head lady this par of the whole country , luz -- if you marricd sight --. if you marry the right man , luz : wheat a sweet idea , jett : ' look = suppose I be to announce it tonight - with a thousend of them sittin ' there , listen , the whole State of Texas , woulc not that blow ' the roof off ? - jett start to raise he glass , os lz : . jett , tell I something . , jett : a what ? . . luz : be this 2 proposel ? ' jett : do it sound like one ? luz : after a sashion - but not quite . . jett : what do you want I to say ? do you want I to say something that you can laugh at ? luz : no. . . jett : what I be say be ~ you be wonderful - you be beautiful + you be fascinating . I have be always , I know , lookin’ for somecne just like you . ( he start to pour enother drink ) . . luz : ( she hand gently restrain he ) * you have get a yone way to go tonight . rise ) I be very flatter - any girl would be . be a good boy now and I will seo you later . ( continued ) eee - '' 3 ee 351 . vo 4 ; a he ' | , '' be , & 382 . ' '' 353 . " giant " b/u/ss5 final 137 . 350 ( cont.2 } she blow he a kiss , cross the room to the door . the waiter turn the key and let she out . jett rise , take a step in she direction , then stop and watch she go . through the door aad into the crowded lobby , long shot other nd of the room jett come to the jlass door thet lead to the terrace and open it . wind anirain hit he in the fa:e , the wind blow the door out of he hand , the waiter rush over to help he close it and the barman come from behnd the bar . waiter : I hope the storm do not louse up you party , Mr. rink. to jett : , just a slip up - I forget to . order th right kir.d of weather , bartender : Heard on the radio a twister hit waco , he go out into the storm as the boy close the decor , int , HOTEL lobby MAIN entrance door outside we can see the rain fall heavily and the wind biow - ing . a crowd of on - looker , hold back by a velvet pope , be line up alongside of the red plush carpet watch the guest arrive , through this door come young jordy and juana , carry - ing they baby , jordy be wear a trench coat and be drench . juana have a simple raincoat and a scarf over she head , which somehow accentuate she Spanish heritage , the beby be bundle up in a parka and be comfy despite the rain , jordy , carry .two suitcase , pass through the door quickly to escape from ' the throng outside , . . : { juana and guard - he be barring she way , two shot - guard : no entrada ! : : : suana : . pero estamo jimto - today la familia , guard : | no importa . ( continued ) I I eo '' > " gtant " oe , 1/55 final 138 , 453 ( cont . ) 355 . jordy come back angrily and interrupt . jordy : . can not ycu talk United States ? you be talk to my wife . my name 's Jordan benedict , if that mean arything to you . guard : iim just followin ' order . Mr. rink say he would have my neck if I let any wrong people in , jordy take juene 's arm , exit hurriedly from scene , camera hold on guard , ee shrug a little puzzledly . int , lobby jordy and juana as they press they wey through a milling jrowd of high - fashion texans , camera pan with they . a bellboy relieve jordy of the luggaze . they pass lona Lane , who be signing autograph and be photograph with som : important look - ang people . jordy come up to the reservation desk and ask a assistant manager for he reservation , juana = I be a wrsck , I must get in the beauty parler . : jordy : you run lor it before they close , I will take the baby , . juana pass the child to jordy . she take a step or two , > notice the house - yvhone , pick it up and ask for the beauty parlor ... camera hold on jordy and the Assistant menager . asst . manager : " ( read from card ) yes '' you benedict are.all. close . together . : they have get the coronado suite -- you have the Fernando , <-- Front ! . closeup juana - she be talk into the phone , juana : can you take I ? -- thank goodness ! «j= I will be right in , -- Mrs. benedict , - <- thank you . " giant " fa /38 - final mo , 139 . >) . 386 . pull shot dwt , op the coronado suite i the benedict ' guist be essemble for p:-e- dinner cocktail , which be be ably dispense by uncle bisley , tall and dis - tinguish in evening clothes , he be now pour one for vashti , who be ab.aze with diamond , above the SOUND of the guest ! voice be the ubiquitous announcer on the radio , c : announcer's voich : . -- jett rink , whose name be alra ady a by-word in this State for he contribution to the wealth and welfare of its citizen . the grand open . of the fabulous jett rink Airport and hermoso 's cao new emperador Hotel be the latest milestone in t the draratic life of this virile son of Texas ~+- c , the camera pan across the room , past clirch , gabe target , wt . and other gentleman in evening clothes , ard they wife , ph '' elaborately costume . the camera ealt on the bedroom door , . as it open , bick head appear . : bick : '' 0 uncle bawley , you keep everybody freshen up . '. . we will be with you quick , . . . : pinky' voice : ( 0.s. } knock on it , bick , we wanta see jett come - outa th' chute ! . 357 . '' int . bedroom oe . : as bick close the door , he be half dress , with a drink in he hand . camera pan with he as he cross to the mirrore table where Leslie be sit , she be cold - cream she face hurriedly . . . n : . . bick : . ( temper have be building ) why could not they come with we , the way other people 's kid do ? no =- luz have to fly she own plane a ! jordy a ! juana have to drive . 358 . int , beauty parlor juana enter hurriedly . there be no one in the reception room , she call into a booth , . . juana : a ) ' anybody here ? a young , blondish operator appear — size juana up . . , . ( continued ) $ $ $ " grant " w//5s eo oo final . 0. 358 ( cont . ) . o~ . = young operator : we . we be all book up .. c juana : I just call -- a older operator come out , superior in renk to the first one , she look juana over , cast a knowinz look in the c direction of she associate and say «= older operator : I be sorr , we be busy . ys - she go back to she work . l ' - juana : reo . '' I will wait a little , i she sit down , Te vie : radio announcer's voice : -- we City be able to boast one of the great '' oc , _ edifice of its kind in the Southwest - a monument ' . . to the vision , foresight , and enterprise of the 1 : man who conceive it -- : 359 , int . bedroom bick and leslie ' leslie : . . they be drive - it take time . . bick : : . I kmow it take time , I know it . I make the arive myself four hundred time , . . ( mimic she ) . do not worry about the child . they're '' : _ ' dehavior 's odd but they manners ere beautiful . . . ( he lather he face to shave ) . leslie : look = I have have enough of this from you . I do not want to come here in the first place -~ would not be here if you have not let they bully you into it . ( aggressively project she cold - cream face close to 's he lather one ) now for Heaven 's sake let 's make the best of it . '- if you want to cool off and go on with you & : shave and get into you pants -- I will ge do wrigh - . _ stair with you . «- otherwise , a ) : ( loudly ) a + you can go alone . ( continued ) " ettaant " , . , pinal 1/55 359 ( cont , ) they stand glaring at one another , then bick step back so that he can get a good look at she . bick : you mow , honey -- you be . cute when you be rile , . '' . 360 . int . sitting room jordy enter amonz the guest , wet and dishevel and carry - ing the baby . - jordy : hi , eve : " ybody . where 's mother ? gudy pop out of '' he crowd , come to he . '' . judy : a lupe 's '' aking care of the baby - in with mother . vaseti : joray , you would better get in there ' quick -- they be havin ! a battle . dordy shake he head , go to the bedroom door , kmock , and then look in . 361 , j$ int . bedroom through door . bick and Leslie . she be stand on tiptoe , kissing bick , . leslie : , if you do not mind the cold cream , | I can stand the lather . . 362 . reverse angle bick and leslie '' : jordy at the door in b.g. bick : where have you be ? jordy : we get tie up in the traffic right here in town . leslie : where 's juana ? ( continued ) be 362 ( cont . ) ‘363. u tt . mm wyss jordy : in the beauty parlor for a quik duco job . where 's lupe ? Leslie ' bake the baby from joray and cross to boudoir , lupe come out ard take the child -- murmure to it in Spanish , int . beauty parlcr juana be sit there , wait , as a well - dress , blondish young woman enter , the younger Operator step out to meet she * young woman : I hope I be not too late . younger operator : not too , come right in , a closeup _ juana the significance of this - dawns on she . she ereese over to - houseephone , take it off the hook , 365 . radio announcer's voice : . -- ' the '' smperador , say the Congressman , be more ~ than just a hotel ; it be the giant example of the hospitality of the Texas people .-- dissolve : int , bedroom the phone ringing . bick pick it up . . : " bick : - oh , hello , juana , -- yes , he 's right here , -- jordy , it 's for you . i . jordy come into shot , take the phone , jordy : yes , dear -- ( he listen , then a note of anger ) you stay right there , honey . I be come down . he hang up the phone , camera pull back as he cross to the door , turn to he mother , ( continued ) . | 2 mgtanet , l/4/5 | so , . final : 30 * 365 ( cont . ) : ~ jordy : look , 10 m = do not you folk wait on 1 use + - wetll satch up . . 366 . '' int , sitting room as jordy come swinging through , on he way to the door , cos . uncle bawley stop he , : . : , bawley : Son - vou be way behind . ' he hand jordy a double martini . jordy throw it down in of : one gulp . . . so thanks . soe 0 . ( he exit ) 367 . jext . , terrace jett be stand against the outer balustrade , e , look ont the the vain - sweep swim pool , a waiter enter , collar on he oe '. White jacket turn up , guide watt , one of jett 's '' associate , watt : ) . ( hold a open newspaper over he head ) ' : well , there you be ! we were. gettin ' worried . you would better get dress , jett , , jett : ( he face stream with rain ) oh , yes =~ sure , watt : - you want I to run over the speech with you , too . . my jett : . oh , yeah '' - sure — ~ after a moment , they start slowly for the dos . . . dissolve : '' 368 , int . beauty parlor a ) jordy , with ‘his hand punch into he - trench coat pocket , : : 4s stand at the reception desk , juana at he side . both | . of the lady attencant be on . - ( continued ) 366 . C ' ' . 367 . i ' ce 5 | '' < a 368. 365 ( cont . ) " " . — '' jordy : | look , mom - do not you folk weit on we . ! we will catch up . . . . | ' int , sitting room as jordy come swinging through . on he way to the door , , uncle bawley stop he . . : : bawley : Son - you be way behixid , he hand jordy a double martini . jordy < hrows it down in one gulp . . jordy : ** che exit ) ext , terrace jett be stand ageinst the outer balustrade , look onthe the o2lre rain - sweep swim pool , a waiter enter , collar on he _ white jacket turn up , ( batd watt , one of jett 's associate , watt : ( hold a open newspaper over he head ) well , there you be ! we be gettin ' worried , you would better get dress , jett . jett : . ( he face stream with b rain ) : oh , yes —- sure . : watt : . you want I to run over the speech with you , too . jett ; oh , yeah -- sure — after a moment 's they start slowly for the door . : : . dissolve : int , beauty parlor jordy , with he hand punch into he - trench coat pocket , 4s stand at the reception desk , juana at he side . hoth of the lady attendant be on . — ( continued ) Te " gtane " 's ka /s5 final . 368 ( cont . ) : . older attendant : ch 0 itm sorry , but it happen to be Mr. jett rink 's ~ order , himself , -.and I be just work here . younger attendant : it 's everybody 's order ~ same all over town , the young lady should have go to sanchez 's place , where they do she people , - be c . with this , joréy pick up a forty - five dolisr bottle of - ' - perfume , see the nonogram " j.r. " on the big mirror , 3€9 , closeup big mirrcr ( the group reflected ) '' the attendant duck , the bottle hit the gless , crash it , obliterate the scene . - : '' : . ) 379 , int , the coronado suite ; cas ' ' . as luz enter , magnificently dress in a white gown , her . throat be encircle with e necklace of diamond .. uncle bawley ) . spot she as she come directly to where he be stand . yo . bawley : oo . well , if it be not the queon herself ! . + . — luz : : , hello , everybody ~ have fun ? '' : '. bawley : ( we be make out . how about you ? . , luz : ' where be they - mom and dad ? bawley : . * do not trifle with you luck . 371 . # angle past luz on bedroom door - j oe bick enter , handsomely dress , ' bick : ( see luz ) oh , there you be . . co ae . luz : yo . . xou want I , dad ? ( continued ) - 372 . ' 373 . - , btl ( cont . ) '' gtant '' . uu /y/55 - final . bick : '' yos . ir you could spare just a minute of you time , I :d like to talk to you . , luz : . _ oh , dad = must we , now ? at this moment , Leslie come hurry out ; she be simply but beautifully dress , smile at various guest as she pass , leslie : Jordan , darling - =- we will have tc hurry , or we will miss the grand entrance , ( to the other ) sorry I take so long , ( to luz ) why , hello there - you look beartiful ! -- come on , uncle bawley , help I round everybody up . full shot int . coronado suite fhe french window , open on the balcony , be blowm open by @ sudden , violent gust of wind . - the electric light in the room dip low and back up again . wind -driven rain fly into the room and spatter the sucst , pinky seud he warwloop above the howling wind , es bick force the window shut . _ leslie : all :righs , everybody - time for jiimmer , ' bawley : | hee-yoh - hee-yoh - get along -- he start round up the guest . there be & general move - ment toward the door , everyone laugh . . ; _ dissolve : int . jett rink's penthouse jett be be help dress , > by a mexican valet , while he run . over the text of he speech . : jett : =~ and when he step forth , the world stand back in edmiration and say , ' behold , the Texan ! -- applause here «= . ( look up at watt ) you switch this around ? ( continued ) '' grant 7 , lyy /ss final | 373 ( cont . ) watt : Lord , man ~ no ! with a nod toward whiteside , of . who be stand nearby ) : we haver .'t change & comma , change tend to throw you . jett continue reed , grope out with he right hand . another man , harper , put a drink in it . whiteside come up c and read over jett 's shoulder . . '' whiteside : a , | '' Columbus discover only the shell of this . country , Agassiz come and discover : fossiliferous . America , silliman come — | ' : '' : jett : . . : . the , let I , -- and discover geological America , ae audubon come and discover ornit thological America , . : ( assure himself ) a - I get it - get it . he have have one ear on the subdued voice on the radio , he turn up the dial to hear , -- Le : at announcer's voice : om. for : in # few minute now , Mr. rink , aimsclf , will ~ be before the microphone _— : jett turn it low again , watt : let 's go . ‘374 . ( int , bottle club ( " jordy throw the door open end enter with juana . : _ attendant : member only . : jordy brushes he eside , cross to ' bartender , take juana i along by the hand , a jordy : where 's hink ? - : ° bartender : ( thumb in the direction of the terrace ) _ se go thata way . jordy nhead in this direction hurriedly , juana with hin , C ee k 375 . 377 . 378. 379 . lobby " giant " final full shot 's int . banquet hall it be a vast chamber , thronge with guest , the room , on the raise dais , be a great long table for the honore guest . above it , against the wall , be drapeda banner with " j.r. " emblazon upon it in gold , the toasthast . be on he foot , talk into the p.a. toastmaster : ‘y/u/ss ity at far end of he have rise , in the past fifteen year , to the stzture of a almost legendary figure -- the camera pan ty the table , at one , luz be sit with she look anxiously about for jett , camera continue along the table of dignitary ' seat along the dais and pass wher : bick and Leslie be seat with the general and he lady , it pass the governor , and stop on the toastmaster , toastmaster : with - - and symbolical of the kind of > two-fist , Gare devil enterprise which have put the Lone Star stzte in the forefront of we national development -- lobby at elevatcr dcor as jett come out with he : retinue , two. of the man obviously be bodyguard , ext , terrace jordy come along the rain -swept terrace with juane , have fail in he search for jett , he turn back into - ' banquet room . applause be hear , int . banquet room group shot over the shoulder of jordy and juana , we see jett rink at the - far end , as the crowd make way for he to pass on to the bick , Leslie , the General and he wife , and bale clinch , toastmaster '' . in a very few minute now , folk , this program will be on the air . ( continued ) of | a group of the benedict guest «- pinky , vashti , and lona Lane '' " grant " a ss 379 ( cont . ) 380 . 381 . kf /55 pinal 16 . | leslie : . . I be sorry + I do not hear , | general : I be just ask - when do we host appear ? clinch : ( who be near Leslie ) : you want to know something ? =- they be busy sober he up or I will eat a live rattlesnake , at this moment July come to the table in a state of excitement she go to she futher , grasp he arm . judy : . dad , jordyt smashed up the beauty parlor . he 's docking for jett rink . bick : what beauty parlor ? why ? = - judy : where we have we hair do and everything --~ het look for jett == to fight he , say it be he order , leslie ; why ? <- what ? -- why -- bic 's , ol what be ? - judy : it be juena , the girl in there say they - @ gid not take wet -back , with a sudden blare that jolt the ear , the loudspeaker come . on . ' full shot . from the band there be a roll of drum . all eye go to the archway as jett come throu on each side .of he walk a protector , the band play whe eye of TEXAS be upon you " , as-he somewhat mechinically march down the center aisle , he sesepte greeting right and leave . bick , leslie , and group tensely watch . clinch : sure enough - he 's get a skin full . 303 . c 3th. a ye. bes , y 1 's ' a '' '' side door jordy and juana have enter and be stand there wet and dishevel , jordy be deok around , pan shot jett and he bodyguard , as he continue he entrance . he be pull himself topether to maintain dignizy . . closeup leslie she be the first tc see jordy at the doorway . jordy and juana jordy : os you just stay here , honey . camera with he , he push by a attendant and head for the center aisle , he catch jett just as he reach the dais . jordy : Mr. rink , I want to say somthing to you . {he swing jett. around = they be face to face ) - jett : . . what 's this ? -- oh , young benedict — jordy : . you invite I down here to insult my wife , and you be go to answer for it . jett : oh , yes - you be the one that marry the squaw . what 's the matter , be not you have a good time ? - jordy : : get ‘em up , rink ! everybody know 5 you have get this come to you , . jordy square away , jett do not move , just smile glassy - eye , jordy 's at tne boil point -- he right hand itching to go . : : * jordy : | , : _ rink ! get ' tem up ! : . ( continued } a " etant " . ual /58 final . : 150 , 385 ( cont . ) 386 , 387 . 388. 389 . 390 , phe two strong - arm boy grab jordy , one on each arm , rink be eyeing jordy , the people around have rise , the atmos - ' phere be tense , closeup luz . luz : jordy - no - full shot at this moment jett lash out with e leave and hit jordy somewhere around the beltline , then streighten he up with a hard right to the face -- the " srack " of which can be hear throughout the room . jordy , out on he foot , be surround by & group of man who ease he ont in the direction from which he come . closeup luz she sit down , stunne , close sho . ) bick and leslie bick jump to he foot , bale clinch try to restrain hin : . he sit clinch down hard and exit . ' mo . shot jett '' as he move elong , with affect ronchalance , to find he . place on the dais . bick come in , grab jett in a vise-like '' grip , and swing he eround , bick hes he back to the table to avoid jett 's cohort , oo . - bick : jett , you want it here , in front of everybody , or do you want to come outside ? ~ jett gesture to he aide to stani back . he smile . jett : t do not care much , bick , whether it 's right here or we go outside - so long as I get one punch at that stick - up face of yours . ' bick : you just leave you guard and tackle here and you come on outside alone , '' ngqant " '' u/y /55 + final idl . longer shot do the place be astir as the two thread they wey toward the swinging door , Leslie make she way toward the archway — where jordy and juana be , she look for they , toastmaster : ( 0.8 . ) . to introduce the guest of honor , we hear from that wise Texas mentor whose orinion and judgment have contribute so much to the law and ' the folklore of the great Southwest <- judge cliver whiteside , ( applause ) passageway kitchen area as bick and jett halt before a storeroom door , jett.open the door , fumble , and go inside . bick follow , int . storeroom a large room light oy a singles , naked bulb -- its wall line with bettice of liquor and wine . case and crate be pile high , the naked bulb on its cord have be brush by jett in pass , and as he turn to - face bick , its swinging motion impart a unsteadiness to the shajow , he seem to be sway slightly on he foot . : ' bick : get tem up = here 's where you gst ' ite jett make no effort to put up he hend , he simply stend there -- a vacant look , he eye be glassy , a half smile . bick , on guard , move élose , draw he clinch fist back . jett try to get he hand up . . they appsar to be enormously heavy . he be aware of he helplessness and grin , bick : : fight ~ start punchin' , skunk -= you be go to get what you give my boy . jett try to get ‘em up . '' jerr : ( grin stupidly ) come on = I be ready . bick pull back to let jett have it . jett gust stand there helpless , bick try to make himself throw one but he just can not do it , jett be utterly expose to bick 's wrath . the two man stand thus for a few moment , ( continued ) 3 % . 395 . 396 . ( J 393 ( ont . ) " giane " k/y/55 final 152 , bick : ) '' you be finish . you be no good , ( drop he guard ) : you be not even worth hit ! . ( go to the door ) , . jett , you want to know something true ? -— you be all through . bick walk from the room as jett stand there think . dissolve : banquet hall whiteside : fonight we be to hear from . a man who , let us| '' say , build a empire from a few ucre of dusty sagebrush -- a man who <- | 4 we be aware of nervous tension and divide interest . many ) head be turn away from the speaker towsrd the door , bick '' enter and quietly walk toward the dais , swiftiy , head turn back wwurd the doorway and look for vett . close shot leslif she have resume she place at the table end be do she best to conceal she feeling . she see bick return and slide ‘swiftly along in beck of the table to meet he , whiteside's voice : ( 0.s. ) '' - a man who have devote he rescurce ever since ~ ‘to the great glory of the State which rear he --. closeup bick and leslie as they meet at the corner of the room , bick : where 's the boy ? leslie : he and juana go upstairs . bick : come on , honey - let 's get out of here . rno . : . . k 12 , . , _orbad . wae * 397 . long shot oe in the b.g , we see jett rink enter and core toward the dais . from this distance it be difficult to detect the degree of ahis inebriation , . 398 , closeup luz at she table . she be sit up erectly end have be watch she parent , she turn and look for jet ' : just as he be pass - ing . he give she a folksy wink and mumbi.e ~~ oa jett : '' : ( with reassure gesture ! . everything 's okey - dokey , baby . y she respond nervously as bick and Leslie come past . _ bick : lo ( to luz ) : ro. . you come on - we be get out of here . reluctantly , and ' almost in tear , she rise end leave with they . 299 , mo . shot judge whiteside . as he continue , he indicate to a aide , by gesture toward ' . he wrist watch , that they have better hurry be get jett rink . up there pronto , . whiteside : ~- and which , in turn , do honor to he tonight in this great gather here present . 400 , . closeup '' emt panning shot as he make he way along behind the chair of - the great table to he seat of honor . . whiteside's voice : '' ( 03 s. ) 's — and now my friend here - and to the many 's thousand of you listen across the nation -- the camera pan along with jett to where he take he place in he chair of honor , and turn open the cover to page one of -his speech , smile modestly , — < — <— ooo a . . " u . co ue ys ~ . fa 401 . closeup judge wiiteside . . . whiteside : -~ I have the privilege and the great honor , to intreduce , my friend - a man - I give to you , jeit rink} . there be a burst cf applause , the band pick up in doudle time '' the eye of TEXAS be upon you " , the jucge , with great warmth turn to jett , camera pan over past the array of microphone ' . and focus on 's jett rink in he chair , tte ring binder in front of he be turn open to page one -- and he head be rest ing on it . he have pass out cold , , . dissolve : 4o2 , ext , terrace so mo | the pavement , glassy wet from the storm , reflect the moon break through e clear sky , much of the canvas have be | tear by the wind end hang in a sort of quiet dilapidation . from this remanent we hear rhythmic grop of water fall , | dissolve : | 493 . int . bedroom coronado suite . - oy '' the large glass door to the balcony have :een flung oven , Leslie and luz be stand there quietly ( in the beg. ) ab - sorbe in the tranquility of the change ssene . , we can observe juana and lupe , the may , in a far pert of the room attend the sleep baby . the only thing audible be juana 's voice croon brahm ! lullaby , in Spanish . bick be slump in the big chair in the f.g. , no movement at all , -meditate , think hard , close . to camera , jordy talk into the telephone , . - . . jordy : ( soft - the child be sleep ) all right , doctor - I will get over there as soon as I can get on the road , : ( he listen for a moment ) certainly , Doctor guerre -- certainly <= you can count on I . ( he hang up ) - bick look up to jordy with some interest . bick : | '' 's how bad ? ° ( continued co ps 4 t - y + 403 ( cont . ) " ol . hos . closeup attend the sleep baby . she take some thing and | tt it . . a upyss jordy : . hit pretty hard in vientecito , Guerra 's set '' up a auxiliary hospital -- ne3d help -- I have get to get there . a bick : . you will make better time if you wait 41 first light end fly . jordy : it do not relish the idea of spend the night under '' ett 's roof , : bick : I too . if it be not for . transport this circus < = ( a gesture ' toward the front room ) we would all get go . | : '' juana go into next bedroom , mo . shot bick and jordy bick watch duane , thoughtfully . , , ' yeah «- I guess -- bick : zi hope she do not let it upset she too much - this business tonight . it 's just one of that thing . the best thing to do be to forget ite jordy : - go ahead = you forget Lt. I - I be go to remember it , ( the paper clip that he hes in he hand he throw hard into the metal waste basket ) bick : look.now , son = take it easy . we have have enough excitement for one night . : jo. ( cool ) bick : sure -- you have get a mind of you ow and you have @lway use it - do thing you way -- ( he hesitates a long moment ) ( continued ) — — . : " g@tant " w/l /55 be . : final ae ? : 4yos ( cont . ) A. bick ; ( cont . ) cy . you know what you be do when you marry of . in that direction , ( a flick of he head toward juana ) - I tell you myself the morning after you break the news -- remember ? I tell you then that I imew juana be a mighty fine girl - but when you . and she marry you be askin ! for trouble . '' . : remembes I tell you that ? -- there be lot of - people an we part of the country jumpy about that sort of thing . jett 's only one of they . jordy : . I know that people ~ we have rum into this before . '' : / leave they to Heaven ~ we be doin ' fine . - if I be ' concerned , papa , it have to do with people that we . ought tc kmow better , like - well =- like my own . : father , -* 4 . . . '' C . : bick : 's : what ? , t : .. jordy : : . : just the simple truth - that 's you , t's the 4 @ a , way you think , good lerd} I do not care about oem . | dete rink = but you , papa ~ that 's different , bick : ( rise ) ) look here , son - you can not talk to I like that . : why , Lord , no mancan . I be fair - I be fair with ' people all my life - and you - my own son - can not - stand there and tell I that I be not a fair man . ( nis passion subside a little - he sit on ' the arm of the chair , contemplatively ) : Son - just this - there 's way of live and way c . of doin ' thing that folk abide by when they want . ‘to live right end happily in comfort with they own people . ( placatingly ) I always say - juana 's a mighty fine girl , but < = C jordy : . ( interrupt ) do not sit there and prove what I say - please , papa . I do not like to hear you . bick : . dang it , boy - you be not be fair . when that trouble 's start down there tonight , who go after rink - you old man . who take he to count - you old man , - '' . . a ( continued ) '' grlant " final . 05 ( cont .1 ) . ! , , ( ~ oo / . jordy : . and why ? . ' bick : why pecause -- i= I = . jordy : | . because of my wife ? . , 1 to bick : - i , yes. / . ' jordy : . ‘of the line of proud . reata , get knock rignt on ye , . no =~ because you son , Jordan henedict , descendant | be back in front of all Texas . . . camera move 1n slowly on bick , he sit , think . jordy not : walk over , give he father a pat on the shoulder which be be 0 half patronize , half affection . . - jordy : poet , forget it , pape . do not worry yourself . '' tle turne und go towards he mother and sister on the balcony . on ' 406 , reverse angle ext . balcony ' . Leslie be stand at one side . - her troubled daughter , luz , mi oe 4s lean against the open door , welling over with a inner — : . anguish , jordy come from the b.g . . jordy : I be sorry , mom . I guess you make a mistake when you get yourself mix up with we rowdy texans . luz ' be stand behind he . he have not notice she tear -- _ @rench face , luz : ( slowly ) . . . . I be shocked at you . I be shocked at all of we , co : I be just so ashamed , . jordy look to she , turn back to he mother and shrug help - ilessily . : luz : an : : * I will never be able to forget + the ' sight of my = brother barging into the grand tallroom , with all . my friend there , disgrace we ..-~ then my father '' have to make it a bigger brawl . -- I just do not . lmow when I will . be able to face people again . ( continued ) 406 ( cont . ) '' eraur " wass final '' jordy : . you keep on see jett kink end you will not have to faca I . % about that anyway , mom ? leslie ; i have not be ask . : luz : it seem my family just can not tolerate he success , leslie : oh , darling -- luz : '' fponigkt mean a lot to jett - really - I know , ' if I could only think of how to apologize I would go to he now , but I cent tace all that people . jordy : the perty 's over — — theyive 3 all go home , luz : oh ? jordy : he pass out like a iight - in front of the whole crowd . | : . 0 . lz : ' , no ! . . ( look to she mother ) leslie : that 's what we hear , luz : how awful - he must have be 111 - weak from . shame or something . jordy : . plain drunk - if you will forgive I . luz : I do not believe you . at this moment uncle bawley enter from the live room , from which we hear a babble of voice . Ho survey though scene . bawley : - Tho party break up early - but not a minute too soon , ( courmved ) 5 sorat 7 '' be final . 2 16/92 406 ( cont .1 ) lu2 ; ( go to the telephone ) '' give m2 Mr. rink 's penthouse -- luz benedict , leslie : '' you be not go there ~ if I have to sit on you . luz : . ( into phone ) well do you mow where I can reach he -- it 's important , - leslie : luz , be 's not like you to make a fool of yourself , luz listen a monent and then hang up . she rise determinedl and march across the room . uncle bawley be stand by the or. : we bawley : . I kmow where he be , honey . come along with , uncle bawley , . : ( a look to Leslie ) sot , . leslie : all right , luz - if you must go . luz : I must . ' bawley : ( very formally offer luz he erm ) . I have always have a strange power over you mother . , bawley open the door , luz start to go with he , turn back . & moment . . . luz : I be sorry , nama , then she and uncle bawley exit . , dissolve : 407 . int , ballroom two mexican bus boy stand in scmi-darimess . , something have they interest and thoy be observe it quietly . we hear e noise from the p.a. ' system , it be first heavy breathe , then a jrmble of word . ( continued ) " giant " l/y/s5 final . 160 . 407 ( cont . ) 408 , oo . jett' voice : : ( incoherent - over the p.a. system ) - go away -- just lemme be . lemme be , you cochini . so - a n'~so <= . the eye of the toy narrow as they watch and listen , the camera move away from where they stand at the back of the ballroom , and pan across its demi-lit vi.stness , the chair be push back , the table be empty - the party 's over . brilliance , order and erray have be succeed by litter and semi-gloom , at the far end of the room , the long cis table still preside , the camera move directly to it . the room fill with a rasiing SOUND ; " lemme be " . we-discern at the center of the tatle , behind the neglectec : p.a. mike , the move - ment of a hand ir protest , to brush away a imaginary dis - turber , it be jett -- he head on he nctebook , sleep it off , he stir a little . se far end of the table .a lonesome figure , ( watt ) wearing he hat «ith he dinner . clothes , rock back ona = ehair . he note jett stir and move wearily elong the ' table to he , : jett rink as watt enter and touch he on the shoulder . watt : how ' bout it now , doll face ? you about ready . t' come ' tlong with you pal ? the hand again brushes away =~ this time rather savagely . jett : - imumble ) get off I -- lemme be . watt ; ( bored , shrug ) I give up . the camera goe wite he over to the door , where he stop and lleok at the two nexican boy . behind they , peer through the glass loophole in the service door , we see the face of other mexican help ; kitchen worker and cleaners , one of the two at the door speak to watt , boy : we go ‘to work now ? ( cont inved ) ot . . 2 " grane " l/y/55 : final 161. a 409 ( cont . ) cob . watt : : he own the place , let he enjoy it . watt drift out through the door as -- . jett' voice : mother -- mother -- : ' yo. closeup mexican boy : : boy : '' : ( with a look heavenward ) : '' '' madre +- madre mia -- i yal . closeup the sleeping host , in he chair of honor as if in response to the close door , he stir and sit up , ( heavy with sleep and drink . he look about , not quite see : anything . . : : 12 , . closeup two mexican boy a ) ‘hey quickly slide back into the shadow , to be unobserve . 413 , closeup jett , behind the mike . gern : ( mumble } oh , oh -- now it be as if some life bestir he intsllect . , he try he finger to detect movement . he try he vocal apparatus ~ '' hope to find response , . : jett : how -- / 7 the word bang around the four wall . he flinch slightly ' at the success of he effort , stupidly utter -- . . '. jet ? how -- how < = " he vaguely . see the microphone in front of he , jett : | how -- . ( with round vowel ) how now , brown cow =- ( continued ) — — _ — — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ $ $ $ $ ro * ngtant , 4 /a/58 _ pinal * " 162 , 433 ( cont . ) : : . peer leave ané right to seo who 's with he , his eye close c . bleepily . his head sink . he pull hinself together with a kind of flinch , his eye remain cast dacwn and he see faintl 4ik . insert notebook c ' enormous black type on a white background , 4as , closeup = jett jet ? : , i ‘( leebly '' he take up the corner of the page ) | lady a ! gent -- lady , gentleman , dis tinguishec guest --- : ( he turn to -his right ) ' : . gov'noz suchamuch , judge fatso << '' . ( chuckle ) '' - . fis : voice bounce back catch he interest . he examine the ' soot blackness in front of he shrewdaly -- he feel he tie , he : : hair , slyly , to >eassure himself that all be in order , look - as . ing leave and right , he see people , appare bly , because he cor , oy . tinue to smoothiy feol out he appearance , which be beyond ' * repair , : , Te , jett : - , . : : welcome , my friend -- welcome , welcome '' welcome . ( aan ( like testing a mike ) . his voice booming , back fascinate he dull mind -- bring forth a smile . he open he mouth to send forth word . no word come , he struggle for a think to make a word that will cause a sound , nothing come . dimly he see the word ( on paper , he investigate , jett , ( with quiet dignity ) : . I be deeply move by - reception accord I . I -- I -- shall always - always - »emember this 4 . night with - great pleasure . =< would in some dogree rolieve my enberrassment - embarrass - if -~ feel myself worthy of great honor I -- tonight . ( to himself ) yeah -- yeah -- ( a glance at tl. page ) from the depth of my heart , I pay homage to this great commonwealth -~- ( mumble to himself ) okey -dokoy -- ~ , ( continued ) Le co om '' ( _ be 115 ( cont . ) " grant " 4/58 final 163 . : jett ; ( cont . ) '' sense he have strike a rich vein ) to this bountiful State of ours that have hold to she tosom = rock and cradle by she gentle wind -- ( ho lose he place ) this great homeland -- we mother Texas =- ( develop a air of grandness ) tonight , I count the blessing that this great domain as bestow upon she humble son , es I welcome you , my guest , to the many hall and room ard suite of the emperador -- ( aside ) four hundred room and four hundred bath , you count ' tem , ( back to speech ) I reflect that my father be gruteful for one ‘room - four wall a ' a roof = to shelter he -- Texas hed in store for a only son of this humble man , treasure beyond he simple comprehension -- ( he interpolate ) jett rirk 's no fool mne ( with a drunkish gesture he indicate assurance ) - I kmaw 1 % be there , '' ( he point toward the ground ) yeah - I be not the only one -- some of you other boy plenty smart too . ( he eye have again hit the page — orete ) humbly , I aclmowledge this blessing . mother Texas ! greatness to I ' I have the repay with the building | ofa college '' - with the building of a stadi : ( to himself ) 's give tem the axe -- hello , horn frog : | . ( laugh , lose trend of think ) damn fool jett rink = poor boy - no education <- no brain ~- ( the ego surge ) you be crazy -- he 's no fool , Texas , huh } he would have do it anywhere in the world , ( a note of oratory ) my friend , this be a man , ( he laugh , amused at he own presumption ) 416 , ' door at the back of the room , . tnele bawley be open the door for luz . they stop right where they be , , " grant , W /a /ss - final tél . c > '' ) 417 , closeup jett a : jett : . er . 'w - ol ! mother Texas - what she give I ? not a gol - dan ; ; thing . you get to sweat and - steal it from she - great lady -~ the old gal will not even give you a drink of water , -- bountiful madama - give you drought - and a shack - and ea bad time . she will get it back , she will rain you : out -- tlow you down -- get you drunk -- = ow , ( he slide down in he chair ) . I get mine - right out of the ground . I get it . jett. rirk 's dough , try to get it away from I = alj . of you . . 1,18 , luz and uncle bawley at the doorway imz relax she fix attention and throw a noticeably they - | ) : barrass glance at uncle bawley . he be tactfully look | y : elsewhere , y + 419 , closeup ( jett a : '' ) : . jett : : oo 7 . : ( he be unravel pretty fast ) : ! oo , get he drunk ~ take it away from he , —- slice : : he = carve he - get he break - back cotton } ) . : pick - where he belong . madre - madre Texas , she give and she take away . ( tear flow , without sadness , from the alcoholic eye ) . poor boy jett -- fight for what 's good -- poor jett -- flunky for the great benedict , pretty Leslie . Grand Mrs , bick «= poor boy == pretty . ote , Leslie -- june.girl bride -- poo > boy -- beautiful '' . ~- woman a man went -- a man 's get to have , yeah - . . - old proud king bick -- king cow farmer e- 's get the do - wre-mi -- jett boy -=- benedict 's get it = . you get it - benedict 's get what he want -- ' the buzzard ! , {he 1s completely shot — he sob end a . sniffles and plead with he imaginary audience as if to a friendly bartender ) madama - she give and she take away . get you drunk , she will drunk you up and take back every last little red cent , ( he be about to fold - a resurgence of vitality give he enough strength to rise full height . poisedly turn to he right and look down at a chair disdainfully -- with great rudeness ) Governor ~ you : lmow whet you can do ? ( continued ) n . . '' have , " 1 t ee a a Ho black out , reel , lean forward , part of the long table a front of he yield under the pressure , erect to maintain dignity , he clutches onto the tablecloth , and pitch hesdle out into the aisic , take with he the white demask , with its burdon of china , silver , and glass , from the entire length of the table . . 419 ( cont . ) closeup jett , in the debris under a table . he make himself comfortable by pillowing he head on he hand and sleep peacefully , : : . closeup luz ani ) uncle bawley as the orchestra interpolate a phrase of " eye of TEXAS " , iuvz , with a quiet . dignity , turn to leave , stop for @ moment , ' wwzz : " ' thanks , uncle . bawley . . bawley : : . ( as they exit ) : " om they come and they go . dissolve : . close shot the big plane with its reata marking day loom close — blue and silver , hum in a clear sky .. we ean see the window and the casual face of the passenger -- the benedict ' home guest . closer shot a window panel - : uncle bawley peer down at the ground , . his practice old _ yes search «- ' narrow upon something beneath , long shot from airplane a vast , brown plain be cut by a thin silver line -- the highwa far below , upon its surface we discern she automobile , a tiny bug-like object crawl . along , . dissolve ; close shot the automobile : i. . it be jordy 's open Ford , drive by bick . beside he sit * ( continued ) — — — ] vs_ — $ — — — — — — — — — _ — _ — v—vnx — vw — be —n a " giant " 55 ° fhial 1a 25 ( cont . ) juana , in the bac seat ere luz and Leslie , hold little jordy benedict , th : fourth . Leslie and juana wave at the plane overhead , the distant engine have aot interrupt the gay and noisy sing of a song . bick , Leslie , end juana be , in they various way , give out with a rendition of " south . of the border " , laz display little interest and sit slump ’dmacorner , bick indicate the plane ovevhead . D : bick : .. c. just as soon as the darn thing land , I be gonne sell it , : : leslie : ( enterrupt she rendition long 's onough to shout ) ' . good ! ; . : : | ro , : : bick : ' : oo : . this be for I , boy -- the simpl» life ! | ro ' no more of that high - flyin ' nonsunse . . rt he resume sing and . be pleased when juana harmonize with .- he on a difficult little phrase . he throw a glance over he , , . shoulder in luz 's direction , raise he voice as if to en - : courage she to join in , luz lock even more glumly at the roadside flash pext , bick end Leslie exchange a under - - stand glance , suddenly a horn honk 0.5 . 9 ) cl ( 426 , closeup through the mirror a very fancy jaguar about to pass . . - 427 , mo , shot ford and jaguar as bick edge he car over to the right , the jaguar draw level , it seem in no great hurry to pass . luz steal a glance at the jaguar , then look straight ehead , 428 , close shot the jaguar ' drive by @ very personable young man , without be too obvious about it , he be take a good sidelong glance at luz . 429 , close shot group in ford luz again glance at the car . a soften expression cross she face , Leslie note it . she and bick exchange a second look of understanding , which be underscore by a adé flourish in they sing . luz react and sit more noticeably upright ( continued ) ee oo " giant " y/a/ s5 a final : 167 . . 29 ( cont . ) os in she seat , the jaguar , with a gay honk of its horn , zoom . ~ ahead , the sing be now interrupt by a sudden fit of cry on the part of the baby , juana look back to Leslie , - . juana : . I believe he be hungry . : . bick : - that make two of we , how about you , luz ? . luz : : ( a reflex ) . yeah ! / . bick : ; : . juana , how do a hamburger and 2 piece of ' pie sound ? / : tuana : os | . oe it sound very good , . | : leslie : _ poetic , : | / . | - . : bick : . mm . or some fry chicken . no more this high - | '' ou . . falootin ' stuff . let 's stop in this drive - in -. : — * a ' have chicken in the basket - and we can . gust eat it with we finger , . | dissolve ; 430 , \jint , sarge's place @ - chromium and spic -a and + span . behind the counter be sarge , . with he back to we , a great bull of aman , ladling hot water into the coffee wo , he be accompany this effort with " some strident , verbal horseplay with a truck driver , bick and - he party enter , juana carry the child . sarge turn to acimowledge he new customer . a fleeting expression of dis - pleasure cross he face , . 431 , - reverse angle our group be seat in a booth by the window , the emphasis from this angle be on juana and the child , so ) 432 . sarge raise he eye , " 433 . '' 3h . 435 . '' gtant " : final . wale group at the booth . . a waitress enter to they with menus . Sne leok over she shoulder in sarg : 's direction , then put menus around to all . the lest to rece.ve one be juena , the waitress turn to leave , feel tha she boss be look at she .. as she exit , she answer this attention with a almost indiscernible shrug . sarge wipe he hand on he white apron and walk over , camera with he , to the booth to better appraise the situation , he stop alongside of bicl : , bick leok up , press he intention of good humor , . bick : - , well , hello ! Nice place you hrve here , be intendin ! to stop every time I drive by . . . sarge : uh huh , : bick : what de you recommend , landiorc : ? how 's the fry chicken ? sarge still find he interest in juena end the child , little jordy : jordy want ice cream , grandpa , bick : grandpa ~ huh , huh , Ice cream it will be . sarge : : . ( sort of to himself ) . Ice cream - think that kid would want a temale . ( full voice ) I will get you the girl . he exit . bick throw a look in the direction of the de - parture , he have expect more warmth in response to he own geniality , closeup sarge / as he come eround behind the counter , pass the waitress . sarge : _ okey . give them what they want . 1,38 , 439 . ho , final 1 closeup juana strangely tense , group shot at tasle bick : whata you say , juana ?. this be th ' life , visntt 15 ? 's tuana : it be good , . bick : ‘to the other ) yes , siv - after all that fancy food . and high livin ' , this be all right . the little bell on top of the door be ' hear , as the door open . enter , .an air of poverty about they —- a woman , she daugeyer , and & tiny , littic old man wear city - style clotnes . they lock about , somewhat timidiy , and then head for a table at the far end of the room , sarge 4 a note they progress across the room , he be not pleased by the prospect of they patronage , : the group juana be strangely aware -- more ' tense , Leslie be not com - fortable . she look to bick . he have turn to see -- the three mexican ay the table the little , old man be count the coin in he purse . he look much like 014 polo would in city clethes , the young ' woman nudge he to get he attention , he stop he count and look up at the bulky figure in the white apron that tower above he , the old man salute rather timidly . old man : senor - bueno di -- - ( continued ) | , @rant '' os fuss a final . 41 ( cont . ) LA Mia . sarge : cy you be in th! wrong place . '' . '' ( with a gesture ) c let 's go , vamoose , andale ! Old man make a feoble indication with he purse that he have money enough . . wy2 . ' flash sbick and the family at the booth ' the feel of tension which hold juana now hold the group , Leslie 's reflex 4 be to talk , leslie : now , let 's 's see =~ the big plane come into ' benedict at one - thirty , that should give the Hollywood people time to make they connection for dallis . - not 43 . the mexican table sarge take the old man by the shoulder anl be about to apply he version of the bum 's rush , > yy , bick and the group leslie : : . . Judy and Bob will keep a eye on then , I be . anyway , we can count on uncle bawley : to to hold the fort — bick : ( watch sarge ) 7 now wait a minute ! . -' juena busy herself with the cole slaw , bick start across the room , u45 , old man' table - : sarge lose interest in he for a moment as bick come up . sarge : what do you want ? bick : look here , sarge - I would certainly appreciate it if you would be more polite with this people . ( continued ) " gtant " | - h/y/5s final | . 171 . 44 ( cont . ) . sarge : you would , would you ? . . bick : '' I be bick benedict , you neighbor - you might say . sarge : : that give you special privileges , huh ? c ' tt . bick : the name benedict have meent something ! to people around here for a considerable time , : sarge : - ( a glance to bick 's table ) thet there papoose , he name benedict , too ? - bick : . ) - ( turn and look et the child ) . . : yes , come to think of it , it be . . rs sarge : all right - forget I '' ask you . you just sit down and we will not have not trouble , this bunch eat elsewhere , : oe ) he pick the old man up by the back of the neck , ce sarge : vemoose ! co : bick : . 7 take you hand off he , . sarge : '' a . Sue I <- ' bick roughly pull sarge 's hand away from the old man' neck , throw sarge off balance , sarge turn livid with anger -- ; forget he first victim , teke he apron off and start fer 4h6 . two shot bick and sarge bick stand he ground as sarge come on , he meet and nail he with a well place punch , whi ch upset the ' big fellow , who expect nothing of this kind , * flask leslie and the group a strange gleam of excitement come to Leslie 's eye .. 48 , the customer c vm seatter , no 4ho , bick and sarge . sarge , really hostile , get to he foot and come for bick . . they engage in ean exchange of blow , and the struggle take c : they back and forth around the room , 450 , the mexican women start murmure incantetion in Spanish , 4512 . bick and sarge , / bick still hes much skill end he score heavily , but so doss ' sarge . and , he be many , many year the young man . it be @ rugge battle until 3 bick 's year count heavily in sarge ' 's . favor , it be pathetic to see bick 's somewhat heroic effort . ' to avoid tae embarrassment of a physical defeat . in a clinch , : bick be hold on tightly , hope for a resurgence of strength . ' but , sarge pull loose and like a execulioner , he draw hack he right nena end throw the heaviest and cleanest blow so ' far . it lmas mightily and send ' 3ick spin and reeling to crash aaidst a litter of debris in the corner of the room . bick sit zlassy - eye , no new surge of strength come to '' n- spire further effort . : yp 452 , close shot leslie rush to hick and cradle he chasten head in she arm , her feeling run strong end primitive -- pride in this , hez man «- the feminine sense to protect the one she love , 453 , ' flash he triumphant sarge still breathe hard , es he put or he apron and move betind ' the counter . he pull down @ sign and spin it in bick 's direction , , . 45 ) . flash sbicx and leslie '' on the floor among the wreckage . ' the sign fall in bick 's om lap , caieri in close , we read ~- " the management reserve . . the right t0 refuse service to anyone " , . dissolve ; | | ast . 458. " gtant " ' , l/4/55 pinal . 173. . closeup <a tiny lamb watch with interest . it bleat , -closeup a baby calf also watch curiously . it bawl , the two child the latin-type boy and the blond and ruddy little girl -- reata 's heir , pair in they rench - style pley - pen . ( bven to the reata brand carve in wood . ) the two stand close , head together , watch . they elder with great interest , , bick . : oe ._ he lie or the sofa , he head cracéle in Leslie 's lap , she be comforting he , bick react as sound come from the beby . bick : look at them , that kid in they infinite wisdem ure smarter than we be , they know I be a disgri. ce '' — do not hesitate to sey so . the 's calf bawl , ' bick : ( cent . ) sure - even the calf 's get my mmber , ( the sheep bleat = bick sit up with feign wreth ) but I be not goin ' to take it from a -- from 'a sheep . . : : leslie : . + now , bick , : " Leslie laugh - so do bick . 459 . 460 , the lamb . not . > . it hold its ground and look insclently at bick . closeup the two child they 's ' find some mysterious significance in this tableau . the phone ring . 461 , moran " final wahdse bick and leslie Leslie go to the phone . leslie : hollo , vashti . -- we be all fine = how do you make it ? -- good , . {to bick ) they make it all in one piece , bick : jolly . leslie : ( into phone ) ~~ yes , they have all go on they way . leslie and bice : ; ( together ) : . thank goodness ! leslie : more leave than we bargain for . luz have go on to Hollywood with lole , or lona , whatever she mame be , luz want to look in end see how she like Hollywood , ( pause ) no + we have never have one in either side of the family . . bick : {sotto voce ) good Lord - a actress ! leslie : well , all you can do be . raise they , vashti . you can not live they life for then , ( pause ) : no , Judy and Bob be looting at a ranch , ea small one , -- uh huh -— - bick react to this with a wince . . .. leslie : . ' yeah , jordy and juang , ere move into vientecito '' end we -- we be home mind the baby . : we hoar note pick out on the orren at the far end of thut room , they spell out " how dry I Ali " , long ' shot MAIN hall of reata : uncle bawlcy be seat at the orgar . at the far end of the room . ( continued ) a 462 ( cont , ) 463. 46h . 465 . '' etant " final ianse bawley : bick , the sun 's down under the yardarnm , ' when do . we open the bar ? bick : . anytime - go shead - but , remember that - bourbon 's gonna kill you , bawley : ; ' ( he get up to pour himself a drink ) it will be I or it , one of we have gotta go . : okay . closeup leslie eonclude she phone conversation , " leslie I , I be stay right ' here . '' at 's go on spring -- — : ( calf bawl ) - roundup time 's no time to be away from reata , yes , dear , ' bye . closeup the two baby they be watch elder with 's extraordinary interest . closeup bick and leslie his eye follow she as she come to the sofa > behind hin , bick : yeoh , honey , everybody 's on the move . the '' stray ere leavin ' the hard , I suppose I would not mind it too muc if you want to pack up ant & back home for 1 spell . she look iow at he softly , : lt leslie : . dome ? where do you think I have be this lest ' breathless quarter of a sentury ? ( she sit down alongside of hin , pull he head over on she lap ) Home , look , boy - I belong here . bick thas to laugh against he mood , 466 . 467 . 468. 470 . ts " gtant " . final closeup little jordy he thoughtful , brow eye on bick . . a bick and leslie bick senso this and look to the boy . bick : . ' you really know what 's get my goat ? - my own grandson do not look like we , honey , so help nme -- he look like a little wet -back , ' Leslie be shocked , but she can not help smile , closeup the little boy . * look at bick , he blow through he lip , a murmure sound come out , a bubble form ani blow away . bick and leslie bick : Little muchacho fire up tudy the boy ) I be sorry , jordy benedict the fourth , but there 's time when a man 's just get to be honest , ( to Leslie ) you imow , Leslie , it 's no use kiddin ! -- I be a . failrvre , nothing 's turn out like I plan , + I just feel -- feel like my saddle 's turnin ! right from under I . do not he ? the organ at the other '' end of. the room uncle bawley sit et the organ . a large bourbon highball qeet ‘on the mahogany . he pick out a strain of '' claire do luhe " bick and leslie + biek :? be that the best that old horse thief can do ? leslie : _ , he feel you mood - sympatico - darling , there R 4s a lot of Claire de lune in both of you old fire eater , you be both rather gentle creature , ycu imow . : : ( continued ) '' grant ! '' hay /55 a final 177 . 471 ( cont . ) : , - bick ; os : ( grimace ) : 4 ) . how awful . : pe leslie : would you like to mow something ? bick ; cr what ? leslie : I think you be great . . uo bick : '' 0 " what ? . : : leslie : ae : . do not ask I why ~- some thing be difficult to . : explain , you ’know all that fine riding you use . : ' to do , that fancy roping and all that glamor stuff c . you do to dazzle I ? -~- it be impressive -- but - . '' mo of it ever make you quite as big a man to I as you be on the floor in sarge 's hamburger . joint. os , bick look at she puzzle , ' : ber , : cu _ leslie ; ( cont . ) : vhen you tumble rearward and land crash anto that pile of dirty dish , you be at last : my hero , -- that 's what : rou always want to be , t - you know , . . : . i bick : : ( nod ) would be . c oo . leslie : . when we go in that place - before you have that fight -- . ( she glow ) oh what a fight - glorious ! gry '' bick risk be a , little pleased with himself , . : leslib : ( continue ) ~° before we go in that place , I be feel like you do now - I be think to myself -~ ' well , Jordan and I and all the other behind we have be failure ! -- end then it happen . ' you wound up on you back on the floor , in the ( continued ) — tt - gran ae final i I cont . . rarr ( cont . ) leslie : ( cont . ) gala , and I say to myself -- ' well , after a . bondre year , the benedict family be & real big succoss ' . bick : . you lmow , Leslie -- ( study she like a new problem ) I be never gonna be able to figure you out . 472 . closeup uncle bawley' finger on the keyboard , he segues to pickin - out the note of '' oh eye of TEXAS " , 8 473 , closeup the eye = of the two child - on they , : . fade we " the end "