ginger snap written by Karen Walton July 15th , 1996 fade in ext . fitzgerald home -- night the house be dark . the moon be almost full . a dog bark . a melancholy voice , wear for its age , narrate : brigitte ( V / of ) ever try bein ' different ? a , I do not mean jus ' thinkin ' about it , either . Ginger a ' I - I mean I ... the house number read 669 . the 9 slip : the number now read 666 . brigitte ( con 't / V /o ) Ginger a ' I ? go for different . Big time . there 's a light on in a basement window . we creep up to it , crush the tulip . border on the way . the window be propped open with a sneaker : it look like somebody 's foot be catch in it . Music play inside - int . girl ' basement bedroom - night gyrate in she underwear to bad - girl grunge , brigitte fitzgerald ( 15 ) straddle ginger fitzgerald ( also 15 and in underwear ) on one of the twin single bed . both girl have cigarettes lolling on they lower lip . both girl have pierce eyebrow , pierce nose and streak hair . brigitte have blue nail polish on . Ginger have breast . ginger brigitte . quit dickin ' around . jus ' do it . brigitte reluctantly stop she thrashing and douse a cotton ball in rub alcohol . without look up from she tank girl comic , Ginger haul she own shirt up to expose she navel . brigitte swab Ginger 's navel with the wet cotton ball . her eye drift to Ginger 's chest , then back to what she 's do . 2 brigitte ( v/o ) Ginger 's ten month older than I . we be seriously tight . share everything . everything . around they , many candle burn . there 's a dead bolt on the door . a attach full bath . the floor be thick with paranormal book . the wall be cover in image of ufo 's and horror flick . a frame photo of kurt cobain with Courtney Love have a place of honor . there 's a old Polaroid of the girl at five in Halloween costume ; lill Red Riding Hood and the Big bad Wolf . Ginger be the wolf . brigitte produce a enormous darn needle . it glint . she level it at Ginger 's navel , she hand shaking . br ig itte ready ? ginger ( without look up ) uh-huh . brigitte . I can not . Ginger give brigitte a look over the top of she comic . brigitte take a deep breath , and line the needle up again . brigitte swallow hard and apply pressure . the needle pierce Ginger 's skin . her stomach muscle flinch . ginger ouch ! brigitte you say it would not hurt ! ginger jus ' hurry up ! the needle have stop move half - way through the skin . brigitte uh-oh . brigitte wiggle the needle . blood well up around it . brigitte um . I think it 's stick . oh man . there 's blood ... Ginger lower she comic . she take one look at the needle half -.in , half - out of she belly button - and crack up . 3 brigitte snot funny , Ginger ! laugh she head off , Ginger give the needle a good tug from she end . the skin tug with it , resisting . brigitte Ali , gawd , gross . Ginger yank the needle , hard . this time it move . ginger I get it , I get it . Ginger grit she tooth . the needle begin a slow progress . ginger it 's goin ' , it 's goin ' - gimme the ring brigitte grab at a tiny silver ring on the bed spread but knock it to the floor . brigitte scramble after it . Ginger yank the needle . ginger bee ?! c'mon ! brigitte find the ring and hand it to Ginger . Ginger set the ring on the end of the needle , looping it not - so - neatly through . brigitte oh , groo-oo -o-ss ! the bloody needle pop clear . Ginger grind on the ring to close it . Ginger wipe she bloody hand on the bed . brigitte be take deep , gulp breath . ginger bee ? feeb. y'okay ? brigitte yeah . I think so . ginger ( teasing ) yeah , I think not . brigitte if you di not say it hurt , I would a be fine ! Ginger beam at she new pierce . 4 ginger pretty cool , unh ? the flesh around the navel be hot pink and bruise . brigitte grin too . brigitte very cool . ginger now I will do you . brigitte bravely hang onto to she smile . brigitte ( v/o ) we do everything together . but , at fifteen ? a chick can change . ya know ? [ 3a ! you get no idea . ext . the fttzgerald backyard - day it 's a beautiful autumn day in suburbia . bird sing . the terrier next door ( norman ) bark and bark . a pierce navel be stretch teach , fill with blood . Ginger 's limp body be bent backward over a low fence . blood be flow from where she 's be spear through she chest : Ginger 's impale on a white picket . brigitte ( v/o ) do not get I wrong . it 's not like we be all happy or nothin ' to begin with . brigitte take a long , ponderous drag on she cigarette as - unmove - she take in Ginger 's mortal wound . brigitte eye the identical home and garden that stretch on to the horizon . brigitte ( v/o ) the suburb of Bailey downs ? basically a well light black hole . the Kingdom of cul du sac . that 's french for Dead end . brigitte flick she smoke into a pile of neatly rake leave . it smolder then go out . she scowl . 5 brigitte ( v/o ) you have a gram of personality out here ? life bit the big one . a truck with county regreening program on its side pull up a few house over . brigitte watch a shirtless sun-bronze adonis - SAM -- climb out of the cab . brigitte ( v/o ) of course I be generalize . a tarty teenage girl - trina - bound up to Sam and give he a big wet one . brigitte ( V /0 ) no I be not . ginger the fuck , bee . take a picture already . brigitte raise a 35 mm still camera to she eye and frame she sister 's corpse in the viewfinder . roll head credit sequence : snap ! a slide of Ginger - dead on a white picket fence - smashes on . the head credit be superimpose on each of the slide image : snap ! Ginger slice up with a electric knife in the kitchen , snap ! Ginger drown in a bubble bath , snap ! Ginger hang by nylon in the laundry room , snap ! Ginger mangle under the front tire of a mini van . picture title : ginger snap . int . bailey high art room - day the fitzgerald sister stand over a slide projector in art class , just finish the slide show from the credit sequence . a empty frame of blind white light snap onto the collapsible screen at the front of the room . the homely art teacher look very concerned as she hit the light . the other student • -- all about fifteen , middle - class and raging conformist -- sit in stunne silence . as brigitte and Ginger return to they side - by-side seat , 6 brigitte ( v/o ) we be always consider freak . for as long as I can remember , there be us. and there be they . like from kindergarten . art teacher very -um. class ? comment ? the student trade constipate look . art teacher brigitte . what do it mean for you ? brigitte shrug and squirm . ginger means there 's more to life than -- well , li.fe . the fitzgeralds look expectantly at row after row of blank face . brigitte shake she head . brigitte ( v/o ) attempt at communication wear futile . jason mccardy - a good-look high school casanova - look Ginger over appraisingly . Ginger ignore he . brigitte ( v/o ) some of they do seem to wanna reach Ginger ? brigitte glance from Ginger 's breast to she own flat chest . brigitte take a deep breath . brigitte ( v/o ) but nobody wan to reach I . the bell go . brigitte ( v/o ) ( a tad defensive ) like I care . 7 int . bailey high hall - day teens clog the hall . judge by the herd , Bailey High be not big on individual identity , or at least its outward expression . Ginger and brigitte slip down the crowded corridor , stick out like sore thumb . Ginger hold she forehead . ginger gawd , people ! they hurt my brain ! brigitte they do not even get it . ginger they be retard . brigitte they be cretin . ginger they be bone-head . brigitte ' t 'hey ' be somnambulist . ginger they be leem . brigitte they be the goddamn walkin ' - / the girl stop before they locker . a fold up piece of loose leaf have be crush into it , its end stick out . br I G itte ( unimpressed ) another one ? Ginger open the locker . she unfold the paper . there 's a big fat joint inside , and a note that say : ginger , call 555 - 4636 . Ginger pocket the joint , crumple the paper into a ball and toss it at a near - by trash can . she miss . the girl head down the hall .. brigitte somebody leave you all . this jay a , yer not even curious to call ? 8 Ginger offer she a sucker and have one herself . ginger no pe . a fat janitor scoops up the wad of loose leaf with great resentment and jam it into the trash . brigitte and Ginger pass a necking couple practically dry - humping , girl apply make - up to one another , and boy snap each other with they sport cup . Jason and he fellow jock - pal tim , frank , and jeremy be scoping babe . Ginger bend to tie she boot lace and a collective groan swell from the guy . jason see ? she 's weird , but hot . tim anybody pole fitzy yet ? brigitte give they a disgust look . tim not that one . the cute one . brigitte 's face fall . Ginger give they a death stare . the boy try flirty smile . ginger ( to brigitte ) sad . must be hard to think with yer brain slappin ' around yer thigh like that all day . brigitte laugh . Ginger pull she on , past a sign : gymnasium . brigitte ( v/o ) we do not do guy . guy be too gross . everyone at Bailey High be just too incredibly gross . Ginger apply she boot to a swinging door and they enter , 9 int . girl ' changing room - day the fitzgeralds stop dead . they take in a menagerie of 90210 - wanna - be girl change for gym class . the background chat be all sex and mascara . there be only one free spot : next to trina and she trina clone . the trinas slide into a-size- too - small short while parade hefty chest . the trina act like she own the goddamn planet . brigitte ( v/o ) the only thing worse than most teenage boy be most teenage girl . trinas be the limit . Ginger dig at she lower abdomen painfully . ginger I feel sick . brigitte I too . ginger no , J. mean really . gingler open a locker and tear off she clothes . other girl glance at she navel pierce with disgust .. brigitte be very self - conscious : she step almost inside the locker , hide behind the door while she change into the revolting school gym outfit . she eye the buxom bubble head with contempt , as bri. gitte ( v/o ) there be really only one trina , but they be all the same . trina find the fitzgeralds ' open locker door a nuisance . she push it out of she way , hard enough to whack brigitte in the head on the other side . trina ( fakely ) ooops . sorry . Ginger give trina a very dirty look . brigitte try to rub she sore head while clutching she uniform to cover she chest . trina and she posse cackle as they prance out , they butt cheek waggling . the sister continue change . 1 0 ginger ( to brigitte ) y ' okay 's brigitte I hate she . like to feed she ground glass with tack for desert . then make she puke it back up and swallow it again until she 's like shred to a bazillion piece from the inside out ... Ginger grip she side painfully and bend double . brigitte , what 's the matter ? ginger I get gas ... maybe I will try a , cut one right in she face out there . they slap hand , laugh . they look down at they gym outfit , which be so unflatter . brigitte and Ginger exchange identical look of agony . ext . bailey high sport field - day the twenty or so participant in this all - girl gym class stand ready at centre field in lacrosse pad and helmet . brigitte and Ginger stand apart from the other , share a smoke . brigitte look scared . Ginger look ill . brigitte ( v/o ) after two week a' high school. , ya come to the conclusion it 's all about agony . take phy . Ed , sus ' practise takin ' pain . the gym teacher . m7. , . syke - a aging former - traffic cop - huck the player stick with net on one end . syke be give to scream . syke field lacrosse be no pussy - ass tea party , ya get in there , get a lock on you target and push it ! I want sweat I want action ! the trinas giggle at syke . Ginger bend forward , hold she side . 1 1 mz.syke shake a leg , fitzgeralds . a , butt out , you gotta death wish !? ginger feel really sick , mz. syke . mz . syre cigarettes will do that for you ! move ! Ginger flick the smoke at syke ' turn back . it fall short , of course . the sister trudge to they place on the field . Ginger be on the offensive line . brigitte be in goal . brigitte ( v/o ) phy . ed. be not optional at Bailey High . syke blow the whistle . a fast - move , hard -hitting lacrosse scrimmage begin . in rapid - FIRE montage : Ginger get catch in the crunch of stick and body , push , kick , and punish by the trinas , who be have ' fun ' . in rapid - FIRE montage : brigitte visibly cower as a tangle of maraud , ball - whack body descend on she . she take a number of direct hit from the hard rubber ball . on a powerful press for a goal , trina slam into brigitte so hard brigitte fly right out of the net area . and skid face - first .into a mangle dog 's body . the whistle blow and play stop . Ginger lope over , breathless , grip she sore stomach . brigitte ( v/o ) I be wait for this . there would be a lot of dead dog around lately , but this be my personal first . brigitte slowly climb out of the mucky canine remain to she knee . she 's cover in doggie gut and maggot . trina oh , how gro-o-o-o-oss !! ginger snap - walton / July 15 , 1996 1 2 the class edge toward they , but maintain a horrify distance . even syke struggle with a gag reflex on see brigitte ' 's mess . brigitte finger the dog 's remain with a look of fascination . brigitte ( v/o ) ' Kay , here 's the weird thing about I . I dig dead stuff . live thing make I sick , they be all warm and snotty and shitty and pissy . and live thing jus ' suffer , which I can not take . but a dead thing ? s'kinda beautiful , ' cause a dead thing 's really I dunno - like , free . syke do not touch it , fitzgerald ! what 's wrong with you two ?! get up and hit the shower ! trinas in chorus the cult ? drain the blood out and drink it , ya know ! / 1 hear they have sex with they first ! / gawd stop , you will make I puke ! brigitte ( V /0 ) everyone be all like , oh it 's a teen cult , or aah , it 's some looney , the Beast a' Bailey downs . what crap . syke all right , lady , settle ! this be no joke ! you have information about the dog death you do what ! CLASS in chorus ( by rote ) tell a teacher , principal fardor , or the police . brigitte Teen cult my ass . look ginge ' , something go for its throat - it 's not cut , it 's chew ... brigitte look up in time to see Ginger 's eye roll back in she head . Ginger faint . the class inhale as one . 1 3 brigitte Ginger ? syke and the class stampede up . syke push brigitte out of the way . brigitte ( V /0 ) Ginger 's no pussy . she do not faint . I might faint . like , if this pooch be only half - dead , I could faint . brigitte stumble over the dog carcass . she hug herself . int . nurse ' S office -- day brigitte sit in she bloody uniform , chew she nail . nurse ferry - a Mrs. doubtfi.re - type who chirp more than speak - be examine Ginger . ferry the fainting ' 's worrisome you do not diet do you dear ? ginger no . ferry hm. anemia 's very common at you age . eat more red meat , try a iron vitamin supplement . if it happen again , straight to a proper doctor , all righty ? brigitte look relieved . ferry now as for ' the headache , cramp , lower back pain . I be guess you period be due . ginger I have not get a , um , period . ferry never ? Flow old be you ? ginger Fifteen . we mother say we be late bloomer . 1 4 ferry well judge by you trouble , I would say you can expect to blossom any time now ! brigitte pull a face . ferry produce numerous sample of feminine hygiene product and heaps they onto Ginger . ferry be you familiar with all this ? Ginger shrug . ferry now what suit one girl might not be comfortable for another . the proper form of protection be a personal choice , and may have a lot to do with you menstrual flow , which naturally change during the time you will have you little miracle of nature . it could start thick and syrupy , move to a straight - forward basic bright red bleed and then perhaps a deep brownish to blackish slime , signal the end of the flow . twenty - eight day later or there about , it will start all over again and continue every month until menopause , in about thirty year ' time . nurse ferry produce a pocket calendar with a tampon or pad advertisement for every month . ferry ( con 't ) here 's a little calendar to keep track , count from the day it start twenty - eight day . that will be you next time . you have any question , come see I again . ( to brigitte ) you too sweetheart , be you turn shortly , I expect . brigitte look horrify . 1 5 ext . a suburban STREET / traveling - day brigitte ( v/o ) here 's a dirty word . inevitability . that fate fully intend we to be typical in any way , sooner or later , be so insulting . Ginger and brigitte trudge homeward look completely depressed . brigitte flip through the feminine hygiene calendar . Ginger watch the pavement beneath she foot . brigitte ( read a panty - liner ad ) " some day it 's all you need . " -? what do that mean ? ginger so you pull a quincy on that dog , unh ? brigitte hunh ? Ginger grab the calendar and stick it in she pocket . ginger quincy , that guy with the stiff on cable . all I remember be you goin ' , " Teen cult my ass " . brigitte oh. right . well , I dunno . brigitte shrug . she give Ginger a funny look . ginger why be you look at I like that ? do I look - different ? brigitte no . ginger can you tell I be go to -? brigitte no . . really . Ginger squint at she , unconvince . ginger snap - walton / July 22 , 1996 1 6 ginger wham . total adultness . how can I have a miracle of nature a , not be old enough to drive ! fiurih ? the fuck . Ginger kick a kiddie toy hard into a yard . brigitte do not have a answer to this . ext . fitzgerald bungalow - day they house look like a set in a home show . the girl take it in from the front drive with expression of complete weariness . next door , norman the terrier bark at they . ginger hey . if I start simpin ' around tampon dispenser and moanin ' over cramp , or even think about buy something ' that say baby powder Fresh ? you will . shoot I , right ? br tg .' i " i'l of course . they exchange grin . ginger out by sixteen brigitte .or dead in this scene . Ginger raise she hand and brigitte smack it hard . as they mount the drive , Ginger pick up a stone and huck it at norman , who 's still bark . she miss . brigitte ( v/o ) if we fail to get a life by Ginger 's sixteenth birthday ? we be s'pose to gas ourselves in the garage . for smart girl , we could be pretty dumb . we prob 'ly never woulda do it , but we seem to need a deadline . int . fitzgerald dine room - night the fitzgerald family be have they evening meal . they parent , henry ( see Men 's section , seer catalogue ) and 1 7 pamela ( see martha Stewart 's idea of live ) , be liberal , middle class folk in they early forty . Ginger look bored . brigitte eat like a pig . henry how be school today ? ginger Fine . brigitte ( v/u ) the nicest thing I could say about Henry and pamela be also the meanest thing I could say . pamela do not you have a presentation ? how would it go ? ginger Fine . pamela and Henry exchange irritatingly patient smile . brigitte ( v/o ) they be easily satisfied . a rogue 's gallery on the wall depict Henry and pamela 's transformation over the year from angry young Ban the bomb - type into middle - class mundane . pamela make a appointment for you girl at my gynecologist . next Thursday . Henry study he plate . Ginger almost imperceptibly shake she head at brigitte . brigitte nod , understanding . ginger why . pamela you know why . ginger we be not go to a gynecologist . pamela what do I say about that tone of voice ? . you be go to the gynecologist . 1 8 ginger dad !? she 's completely paranoid ! henry I would rather stay out of this . ginger she 's gonna have some fat jerk get he jolly poke he finger up we ./ henry ( interrupting ) I be actually eat here . pamela Henry , neither one of they have have a period yet . henry ah. yes . you have say . repeatedly . as pamela say the next line , Ginger mou t:h it - word for word 1.a brigitte . pamela it 's very odd that two perfectly healthy fifteen year old be not menstruate . right ? briggitte ape Henry 's next line back to Ginger . henry mmmm . steak 's really yummy tonight . this a new sauce ? the sister giggle . pamela be lose she cool . pamela I start at eleven . the problem must be on you side , Henry . henry pamela ? this be not my fault . no one 's at fault here . pamela when do you sister start ? 1 9 henry I have tell you , I really have no idea . oddly enough , we never discuss it . why do not you call she and ask she yourself ? pamela I can not call she out of the blue and ask a thing like that . besides , it 's dinner time . they will be eat . henry a--ha ! pamela well I have be check panty for four year now ginger &amp ; brigitte / henry mo-othe-er !!! / for chrissake . ginger ( con 't ) you look at we underwear ? fuck ! henry hey , hey - I do not want to hear that word in my house . you will do as you mother say and I will change the subject . anybody go to tell I what happen to my fence ? from under the table , Henry produce the bloody , saw - off picket stain bloody from Ginger 's impale . brigitte hold she full mouth open so Ginger can see its masticate content . Ginger crack up laugh . Henry and pamela sigh . int . girl ' bedroom - night norman the terrier bark off - screen - constantl brigitte grimace at the cartoon - style diagram of how to insert a tampon . she carefully unwrap one and set it in a glass of water . she time its expansion on she watch . brigitte why di not you jus ' tell she you be go to get it ? 20 Ginger be dissect the gift joint from they locker . she sniff its content . ginger can not take she ' attention ' . she gross I out . can not believe she 's we mother . brigitte put a fresh tampon up she nose and lift a Polaroid camera at arm ' length from she face . brigitte yeah , but now we have to see this doctor . you can jus ' say you get it , but I be screw . flash ! the Polaroid spit out the front . brigitte stick another tampon in she free nostril , and one in each ear as , ginger do I get you out of Home ec ? do I get you out of ballet class ? so I will get you out of this , right ? br ig itte you better , gawd the idea flash ! brigitte take a Polaroid of herself with a tampon stick out of every visible orifice . Ginger slide the grass into a pre-roll fresh case and stick it in she mouth . ginger I say I will , I will . this jay 's fine . let we smoke , sister . Ginger crank the stereo and throw on a coat . she double - take brigitte ' 's tampon face . ginger what be you do ? brigitte ( stick tampon under she upper lip ) look - a walrus . ginger hardee-har . har . 21 Ginger step up on the bed and swing the ground - level window open . ext a neighbor be yard - night norman the terrier 's incessant bark go on in the distance . the moon be full tonight . a plastic child 's playhouse sit in they next door neighbor ' back yard . a cloud of blue smoke emanate from its door and window . there be a occasional flash ! from within , and the whir of the Polaroid 's motor . int . playhouse - night in the moonlight , the joint 's cherry burn hell - fire red . a couple of Polaroid buddy - shot sit at they foot . brigitte toke and pass the jay to Ginger .. brigitte how 'li you know when you finally get it any way ? ginger prob 'ly feel like peein ' you pants . brigitte disgusting . ginger well I be not too excited . brigitte , ( check she watch ) we be miss unsolved Mystery . ginger wish I be a unsolve mystery . brigitte reflect on this heavy think , nodd - stone . ginger hey . you smell something ' gross ? ginger snap - walton / July 15 , 1996 22 ext . neighbor be yard - night the girl sniff around the playhouse . Ginger step on something that make a evil squeeshy sound . she skid and end up on she ass . ginger this be so not my day . brigitte help she to she foot . Ginger shake what she slip on off she shoe . it 's a long , ropy intestine . she drag she shoe to get the blood and goo of it . ginger Nice . Dog shit . brigitte ( thrilled to recognize the smell ) that be not shit ... it 's death . a line of blood and gore trail across the grass to a back lane . brigitte follow it . Ginger look around for something on the ground . ginger great . lose the jay . great . ext . service lane - night Ginger join brigitte , who 's squatted before another dog 's body . this one 's a fresh kill . brigitte ack , it 's still warm , gross . brigitte take its picture flash ! with the Polaroid , which be strung around she neck . ginger why every dog but the mutt next door to we ? brigitte hey , we could take it home . try like , a autopsy . like , crack the case ! ginger Nah . let 's put ' im in there so he will not . lraumatize the kiddie . 23 Ginger indicate a construction dumpster on the end of the lane . disappointed , bee roll down she sleeve to cover she hand . Ginger do the same and they shovel the body onto they arm . they trot the dog over to the dumpster . brigitte sulk . ginger what . brigitte we never do what I wanna do . ginger oh , c' mon . would stink up the whole room ! they hoist the dog up and dump it in the dumpster . it 's hind end stick out . brigitte climb into the dumpster , drag it all the way in . dusting herself off , Ginger notice some blood on she thigh . ginger Nice . Ginger wipe at the blood with she hand . more appear . she lift up the hem of she skirt . her face fall . she look around . she slip she finger up to she crotch . her hand come out bloody . ginger bee . I just get the curse . brigitte stop root garbage over the dog . brigitte serious ? Ginger wiggle she wet finger at she . ginger we gotta go home . brigitte eeew , ' kay . brigitte catch she kilt on a nail stick out of a plank in the trash . something be crunching through the leave toward they . Ginger peer out into the darkness . 24 ginger hurry upt brigitte I be stick 3 a few home down , a garage 's motion - sensitive security lamp trip on . Ginger squint , blind . ginger bee ? : brigitte contort to deal with the nail . brigitte tear she hem free and jump down . the light snap off . ginger ( indicate the opposite direction ) let 's go this way . brigitte dip a hand back into the dumpster for the plank with the nail . off Ginger 's look , brigitte shrug . they start walk down the lane . the greenery behind they start swell again . the leave crunch , faster . brigitte and Ginger look at one another , and walk faster . the lane empty behind a desert strip mall . ext . strip mall lot - night whatever be behind they knock a empty trash can over . brigitte grab Ginger 's arm , scared . brigitte this be stupid . we be get farther from home . Ginger be piss off now . she turn to confront they stalker . ginger ( to the darkness ) all right you ass -/ she 's cut cold by a roaring blur of speed fur and tooth and claw : something take Ginger down hard . we can not see it as a whole , we can not make out what it be . it 's big , heavy , and raging . immense jaw snap vicious tooth , go for Ginger 's jugular . brigitte drop she plank . 25 ginger &amp ; brigitte brigitte / ginger !!! brigitte grab and kick at the creature . Ginger raise she arm and cover she head , screeching and kick . the thing grab Ginger by the scruff and shake the live daylight out of she . ginger beeeeei help meee ! beeeee !!! 1 ! brigitte snatch up the plank with the nail . brigitte bring it down hard on the thing , scream . she smack it once , twice . the plank pop a shot off the camera : flash ! a horrible set of jaw and one golden eye be catch for a split second in the light . the third hit evoke a yelp and the thing back off , snarling .. brigitte quake with the board raise , ready . the thing skitter before she as she scream . Ginger scramble to she foot and grab bee with bloody hand . ginger go-go-go-go-go-go !!!! brigitte drop the plank and they run like hell .. for a main thorough - way ahead . it pursue they . ext . the thorough - way - night the late- night traffic be light but consistent . the thing be still , come . at a dead run brigitte and Ginger sail between move car . the thing burn behind they . the girl be barely miss by a approach truck . there be a long blast of a horn . then a sicken thud . brake squeal incto a stop as a horrible drag / scrain fill the night air . the girl crash to the sidewalk , spilling over top of one another . they glance over they shoulder , even as they disappear into a new residential stretch . the county regreening program truck sit at a right angle in the road , it 's front end smashed . 26 Sam slowly open the cab door . he stagger to the bloody grill , clearly shake . he look under the truck , and follow a wet trail of gore back behind it to the mangle furry mass about twenty foot back . he take it in , stunne . then Sam vomit . int . girl bedroom - night brigitte scramble through the window and help Ginger through after she . they be bloody , sweaty and tearful . they slump shaking , side by side on Ginger 's bed , catch they breath . brigitte notice the rivulet of blood trickle down Ginger 's arm . Ginger 's shirt be soaking with grow red stain . brigitte Ginger , shit ! Ginger look at herself . Ginger start to cry . ginger the fuck be that , bee ? int . attached bathroom - night brigitte fling open the vanity and collect various first aid item : gauze , tape , band - aid , iodine . she snag a washcloth and wet it at the tap . brigitte ( v/o ) I could not remember Ginger cry , ever . brigitte fly out to , int . girl bedroom - night where Ginger be painfully peal off she shirt , shaking and sobbing . brigitte offer Ginger the wet cloth , but Ginger 's helpless . 27 brigitte Ginger , sshhh , do not , ' kay . do not cry . carefully , brigitte begin to dab at Ginger 's arm with it , wiping off the blood . Ginger flinch . the damage be gradually reveal : massive claw mark , deep scratch , and puncture wound - bite mark . brigitte 's eye fill with tear . brigitte okay , this be really bad . you need a doctor , ginge ' , I can not stop all the -/ ginger no ! not tellin ' anybody ! bee ?! nobody . get in shit for bein ' out , smokin ' up - do not tell . brigitte what if you get , sick ? what if this bite get infect ? ginger bce ! brigitte Fine ! I will not tell ! brigitte start tear off strip of gauze and taping it on thick . oblivious , Ginger fumble for a smoke . she can not get the lighter to work . ginger want to kill I ! I could tell . brigitte ( give into tear ) I know , I know . I be so scared , I think you be -/ ginger I too . do not say it . I know . brigitte light she smoke for she . Ginger take a drag and pass it back to brigitte . ginger fuck . you okay ? brigitte resume she first aid . 28 br ig itte yeah , I be okay . ginger why !?? why I ? brigitte it be crazy , it be like rabid or something ' -- shit , look at the size of this bite ! ginger I be okay , I be okay , I be okay . right ? it 's okay . brigitte do not look convinced . brigitte snap the port of a internal vacuum system open and reach into the tube . she withdraw a sample-size of Jack Daniels . brigitte drink this . Ginger glug some down , and pass the last mouthful leave to brigit.t.e. brigitte wave it . away , - , of Ginger finish it al.l . brigitte I see this thing , on bear ? Said bear would come after like , chick on the rag . ' Cause of the smell . ginger be not my fault ! brigitte I do not say that .../ ginger be not a for uckin ' bear either . whatever it be , it be not a bear ! brigitte I know , I be not / ginger do I stink ? can you smell it ? br ig itte no ! geez , I be jus ' , whatever . a heavy silence fall between they . brigitte keep work . 29 ginger do not feel anythin ' like pee you pants , by the way . brigitte it do not ? ginger it 's gross though . it 's really gross . I better , ya know , deal with that ... brigitte yeah , sure . Ginger 's only half - bandage up . she stagger to the bathroom and shut the door . brigitte eye the Polaroid camera : a picture sit ready to be dispense . she pull it free . we do not see the photo . brigitte 's eye bug out as she examine it . the toilet flush in the bathroom and brigitte push the photo under the pillow on she bed . shake she head . brigitte ( v/0 ) it be blurry . it be really outta focus , so . ya could not tell it be really anything . Ginger emerge pull uncomfortably at she crotch . she climb painfully onto she bed , and collapse . ginger that booze - straight to my head , man . brigitte you really okay ? Ginger -es eye be already flutter shut . ginger you save I . Love you . bee. brigitte lean in , listen to Ginger breathe . brigitte I too , ginge ' . ginger snap - walton / July 15 . 1996 30 int . girl ' bedroom - later that night brigitte sit straight up in bed , sweat , with eye wide . brigitte ( v/o ) I wake up later , I think the thing be in we room . brigitte peer at Ginger : she 's snore . brigitte pull out the Polaroid and fire up she lighter to see by . this time we see it too . a streak of fur , fang and a golden glint eye . brigitte ( con 't - V /0 ) then I remember Sam the tree planter kill it with he truck , a ' we be okay . . but really , Ginger -? well . be not . ext . bailey high ground - day it 's noon hour . the grounds be full . of teens . brigitte be eat as she tick off the fourth day in Ginger 's feminine hygiene calendar . brigit : Le count 28 day from the first check mark . her pen hover over the date : Halloween , arid the next full moon . the first day be a full moon . brigitte slowly circle they both . Ginger wear long sleeve to hide she bandage , and shade . she 's look boy up and down as they pass . Ginger 's stomach be growl . a untouched sandwich sit on she lap . brigitte gonna eat that ? Ginger shake she head as she pick at she bandage . brigitte help herself . brigitte mmm ! sad , but pamela 's egg salad be she best thing . like that she can do . ( no response ) like , when she put the baby onion in ? ( no response ) and she gob on it and add that hard little piece of booger Ginger pull at she own crotch . 31 brigitte Hell -o 1 ? ginger sorry . pad suck , so ya know . brigitte should eat something . ginger thanks pamela , I be aware . off brigitte 's insulted look , ginger T dunno , I be all blaaahh , I get this , like I can taste what I want , but nothin' it . ya know ? brigitte stop in mid-chew . brigitte a craving ? gincer yeah . I crave . ya know ? brigitte chew very slowly as she stare at Ginger . Ginger squint at Jason and he pal across the yard . ginger mccardy 's a stoner right ? brigitte yeah -? ginger c'mon , I wanna feel better . brigitte you joke . Ginger head off toward the boy - without wait . brigitte be in mid - , mouthful , and have to scramble to catch up . ext . bailey high ground / school step - day Jason and he pal ' butcho conversation sputter as Ginger stride up like a cat in heat . brigitte stumble up behind she , keep she distance . ginger snap - walton / July 15 , 1998 32 jason uh - hi . ginger hey . so. Nice day , blah blah blah . get any smoke ? jason what ? ginger smoke . grass , weed , dope , green , bud , Nancy . jason sh-sure . ginger wanna share ? ext . school parking lot - day brigitte hesitates before a rusted - out old boogie van , it 's rear door open and wait . Blue smoke billow out . of the interior . brigitte look confuse . brigitte ( v/o ) I be all like , so who be you , a ' what have you do with my sister , right ? brigitte climb in . int . van - day Ginger , Jason , Tim , Frank and Jeremy sit toke a gagger . the guy be giddy with lust . brigitte be huddle in a corner , attempt invisibility . Jason hand Ginger the joint , make sure they finger touch . jason hey . I think you slide show in art be cool . other guy oh yeah / unh-huh / very cool . ginger yeah ? 33 Jason and Ginger exchange a coy smile that make brigitte toke really hard on she pass . brigitte pass the dube to Tim , who wink at she . brigitte sneer and look at she watch . she make a pain face at Ginger , but be ignore . ginger this home -grown ? jason yeah . this guy we know ? learned hydrophonics in the pen , man . brigitte hydroponics . jason yeah , whatever . brigitte gape at Ginger , who do not respond . brigitte hide beneath she hair and press even further into a corner . she start quietly rip up the corner of the old shag rug . there be a codify knock on the vain door . brigitte jump . jason speak of the devil . enter ! the back door open and Sam ( the tree planter ) stand in silhouette , backlit by the day . his batter county truck wait behind he . he have a pit bull with he - morely . boy Sam the man ! hey morely ! Sam and morely hop in and close the door . brigitte be freeze at the sight of Sam up so close . tim whoa dude . what happen to you truck ? SAM shit. have a accident on the 403 . it be weird it ../ morely stomp into brigitte 's lap , sniff she crotch . 34 SAM ( to brigitte ) sorry about he , he 's a ass hole . morely ! my girlfriend 's , she will not leave he at home alone any more . ya know , dog killer . morely , no ! sit ! brigitte 's mouth be hang open . morely slobber all over she hand . brigitte ( v/o ) I know , I look like a asshole . Ginger 's perma-smug smile fade as she make eye contact with morely . morel growl at she . Sam be about to resume he accident story when , jason watcha get for we ? Sam produce several baggy of grass . morely 's hackles rise . brigitte look from the dog to Ginger , Ginger squirm . SAM New harvest , see whatcha think . ( to morely ) what 's you problem ? never see a pretty girl before ? Ginger sneer at morely and morely bare he tooth . jason / tim / frank ( digging out cash ) thanks , man . morely burst out bark and charge at Ginger . mayhem as the guy try to contain the dog in the small space . Jason use the opportunity to shield Ginger for a free body press . brigitte get bang and shove . Ginger kick and scream at the dog , she boot connect squarely with he snout . morely keel back , and Sam snap he up . SAM sorry , he 's not really like this . I be really sorry . ginger jus ' get 'im out ! 35 SAM I be really - well , see you guy . and in another flash of daylight , Sam and morely be go . brigitte look longingly at the close door . the stone have set in , and everyone but brigitte giggle as they settle . brigitte take in the lesser mortal like they be leper . jason you okay ? ginger yeah . just hate dog . they give one another this corny smile . brigitte bug she eye at Ginger . Ginger rise reluctantly . ginger well . thanks for the smoke . jason maybe we could --/ Ginger place a finger to she lip , then make a finger gun and shoot he . ginger I will letcha know . Ginger grin ear- to- ear , elbow brigitte . Ginger kick the van door open and saunter out . brigitte : follow , try not to laugh . int . school can - day brigitte stand stone out of she bean in the girl ' washroom . she imitate Ginger 's cavalier farewell from the last scene . brigitte I will letcha , I will jus ' let -choo know . Bud . . so Ginger . wanna tell I about you and like , the planet yer currently visit ? no answer . brigitte squint at the tampon dispenser next to she . she try to work it without put money in . she smack she dry lip . brigitte bend over the sink and drink from the tap . ginger snap - walton / July 15 , 1996 36 ginger ( o /s ) bee -? brigitte do not hear she over the roar of the tap in she face . it shut off automatically over she gape mouth . brigitte put she finger up the spout and almost get it stick . ginger bee ! brigitte ( startled ) yeah ! ginger com'ere - ! brigitte shuffles to the wrong door , open it and find it empty . she giggle and move to the next one . brigitte that smoke fuck I _up ._ up . brigitte find Ginger with she shirt and all , the bandage peel off . she be dabbing at herself with wad of toilet paper . the scratch and bite be ooze a clear gelatinous goo , under which a fine film of dark hair have sproute . brigitte step into the stall agape . the door hit she on the way in . int . bathroom stall - day Ginger and brigitte stand nose to nose in the stall . brigitte have not fully close the door . Ginger be just as stone as brigitte . brigitte geez that 's not right . ginger 1 do not think . brigitte what 's the sticky stuff ? ginger I dunno . ginger snap - walton / July 15 , 1996 37 brigitte carefully rub a finger over the fuzzy hair in the wound . brigitte oooh . tickly . ginger I get it on my tit too , look . brigitte weird . do it hurt ? ginger no , it 's itchy . I can not have a hairy chest bee , that 's fuck . brigitte yeah , like forget that tattoo you wan . ginger this suck . brigitte quito badly . the idiocy of the look of awe on the other 's face make they both crack up . ginger ( laughing ) this be not funny . br I G itte ( laugh hard ) I know , but okay . what I think ? ( she count on she finger ) attack . on a full moon . now , yer hairy . ginger ( snorting ) I be not Harry , I be Ginger . brigitte ( snort too ) stop , I be serious . think about it . Ginger stop laugh long enough to let the suggestion settle . 38 ginger that 's so stupid ! they both burst into gale again . there be a sound outside the stall , as int . bathroom proper - day the trinas prance in to powder they nose . the trina grab the first stall door -- brigitte and Ginger 's . brigitte and Ginger stand freeze like the proverbial deer in headlight . trina do not see Ginger 's transformation . but Ginger be just do she top up . trina eeeew ! trina back away , she hand to she mouth . trina gawd : they be lesbos ! clone feeeewww !! brigitte smack she forehead . Ginger step out and leer at trina , lick she lip in a grotesque mock -lust . the trinas shrink back against the farthest wall . ginger yeah , who 's next ? I be still sticky ! brigitte 's jaw drop . Ginger turn to leave and the trinas , start to relax . Ginger whip around again : ginger ( bark like a dog ) rrr-uf , ruf , rr-of-rufrf trinas ( shriek ) Ginger give the trinas a good dead - eye stave , and walk out . brigitte stumble out after she . 39 int . biology lab - day today 's assignment be hack up little pig feti . brigitte ( o /s ) ' course trina di not waste any time . trina stare brigitte down as she fold up a note and pass it to a classmate . it be read and pass on by every kid in the room during this scene . brigitte hold she scalpel over the over they piggy - hesitate . Ginger 's attention be rivete on the little carcass . brigitte they be all look at we . ginger so ? Ginger look up at Jason , who be read the note . Jason smile at Ginger and destroy the note . trina seethes . Ginger grab the knife from brigitte . she make a deep incision in the pig 's belly . brigitte so ! you be grow fur a , act like a nut , be so ! Ginger spy two girl giggle at she . use both hand Ginger crack the carcass . wide open like a clam . Ginger dig in , gouging out the pig 's part with she bare hand . Ginger break into a sweat , she breathe get heavy . brigitte cautiously look around at they classmate . she move to shield Ginger from pry eye . brigitte um. Ginger -? ginger hold on , I be goi.n ' for the brain . Ginger have begin scraping away at the pig 's cranium with she finger nail . a sicken creak , snap , and the brain be expose . Ginger - unconsciously - lick she finger as she admire its frontal lobe . 40 brigitte fight a ralph . brigitte can not believe you do that ! ginger hunh ? what ? before brigitte can answer , Ginger lift the brain out on she finger tip , gently push brigitte out of she way and ... whap ! the brain land squarely on trina 's head . trina scream . ginger ha-ha ! bull 's eye ! bio teacher Ginger fitzgerald ! Hall , now ! ginger what , it slip ! as Ginger stomp out with the teacher . brigitte and trina gape at one another . int . gynecologist's examining room - day brigitte ( v/o ) that week , Ginger be all over the map . she be the goddamn schizo poster girl . she forget the gyno guy . I could not believe she forget . she promise . brigitte be die a thousand death on the examine table with she foot in stirrup . the gynecologist be examine she . a nurse stand next to he , smile benignly as she pass he the contraption use to take a pap smear . brigitte be almost in tear . CUT to : same moment in the examination procedure , but now Ginger be in the stirrup . and the doctor be shocked at he finding . gyno what the -? 41 int . examination room - moment later brigitte give Ginger a pout as they both shift uncomfortably in they seat . the doctor be gulp cup of water from the water cooler , he hand shaking . he talk to pamela like the girl be not even there . gyno I have never see anything like it . she 's not build like a normal girl . I have send sample to the lab . but this be very , very unusual . brigitte poke Ginger in the rib . Ginger do not like this , and push brigitte so hard she almost fall off she chair . pamela Girls , please . int girl ' bedroom - night the window be open . norman the terrier yam . Ginger be in a tank shirt which reveal she hair growth be spread . brigitte be sit at . the desk with a pile of monster book . ginger what be you , nut ? I get a skin thing , whatever . brigitte if you just gotta skin thing why do it get worse everytime yer be a bitch ? why 's the gyno say you be a monster inside ? ginger he di not say that ! br I G itte just listen to this symptom ! ginger I be takin ' a shower . 42 Ginger slam the bathroom door shut . brigitte consult she book , and the feminine hygiene calendar 10 day be tick off . norman the terrier bark on . brigitte ( v/0 ) ( reading ) " the key to he survival be a constant diet of fresh warm - blooded victim . his appetite be insatiable , and grow with each kill . but he appetite be also the key to he own demise , int . girl ' attached bath - meanwhile / night Ginger be in the shower . she run shaking hand over she body . Ginger hear norman 's bark as super-amplified . its persistence be make she mental . brigitte ( v/0 - con 't ) " .. . for eventually the blood - lust over - take human reason , overtake oven the instinct for self - preservation , and he will risk all for the excitement of the euphoric high of he murder . " Ginger shave the delicate area around she ankle . she cut herself and freak . Ginger snap the Lady bic in half and throw the piece hard against the shower wall . ginger fuck fuck fuck fuck there be two other break razor in the stall , stuff with hair . blood mix with the water and swirl around she toe . int . girl ' bedroom - night the doq be still barkin .outside . brigitte close she book . brigitte ( V /0 ) but see all the book and movie a ' shit say it have to be a full moon , that it would be all at once . a , ya know , not one word about chick werewolve on the rag . typical . 43 Ginger fling open the door , tear to the window , haul herself out and be go . brigitte be after she in a heart beat . ext . yard next door - night Ginger be over the fence with ease . norman bark more , harder . ext . fitzgerald yard - meanwhile / night brigitte can not vault the fence . she clamber up a share tree at the fence line to see . Ginger try to grab the dog but he dance around she , bark like crazy . she grab he snout with she bare hand and he bite she hard . ginger sonnovabitch ! now livid , Ginger take up a dead tree branch . up in the tree , brigitte hide she face in she hand . Ginger ( : rack the stick over the dog 's head . the yelping stop but Ginger keep hit . blood splatter over she face . and Ginger taste it . Ginger drop she stick . she drag the body into the hedge next to the fence . brigitte lower she hand from she eye . Ginger be directly below she , conceal from the house by the shrub . Ginger fall to she knee before the corpse . she lift a rattling hand to touch he . she lower she face to the bloody mess . she 's sweat , vibrate , physically resisting a irresistible drive . Ginger 's tongue slip between she lip . and Ginger lick morely 's body . brigitte oh. no. g-ginger -! Ginger begin to eat the dead dog . the feed . quickly become a ravenous frenzy . above she , brigitte lean over the branch she 's barely balance on , hyperventilate . vomit sail down from brigitte 's perch . ginger snap - walton / July 15 , 1996 44 the porch light come on behind Ginger . br ig itte shit. brigitte scramble down the tree and yank Ginger off the dog . Ginger 's face be smear in blood . Ginger 's stunne , and reel dizzily . they crouch , wait . they neighbor open the screen door , shaking a box of dog biscuit . neighbor dore-maan ! tweat-time ! hunh . the neighbor step into the yard . approach the hedge . stop right before they - they can see a pair of slipper twitching in the grass . then they disappear , the porch light switch off , the screen door shut . int . girl ' bedroom - later same night brigitte sit stare into space . Ginger be shower in the attach bath . ginger ( o /s ) ( singing ) Ho - ow much be that daw - gy in the window ... arf - arf ! brigitte ( v/o ) ever be too sick to be sick ? like the bottom of you stomach be wrap over the top of you head ? there be a knock at the door . brigitte check the dead bolt be on . br igitte yeah ?! pamela ( o/s ) who 's shower so late ? brigitte Ginger ! pamela ( o/s ) why ? 45 brigitte she 's dirty ?! brigitte throw up she hand : what a idiotic conversation . pamela ( u1 ) dirty !? how would she get / br ig itte I be tryin ' to study , here ! pamela ( u1 ) oh , all right then . brigitte slump against the door . the shower stop . Ginger appear in a towel , pink and clean and freshly furry in place . she 's in a really good mood . she take one look at brigitte 's face of doom and try to be serious . ginger I could not help it . really . guess you be right . Ginger find and light a smoke . ginger you know what 's really weird ? brigitte weirder than killing a dog and eating it ???!! ginger I like it . I like it a lot . I feel all fucki.n ' goofy now . like , I dunno . like .happy ? brigitte shake she head over and over . ginger I feel like I just get off the Planet smasher ride at warworid , okay ? it rule ! Ginger leap to the stereo and blast on some tune . she flail around the room wildly . Ginger grab brigitte by the arm and make she dance too . Ginger spin and spin brigitte , who fight it but laugh . 46 brigitte ( v/o ) so she would kill norman . 1 never see anyone bliss out like that . I want to be so bliss , jus ' once . there be repeat pound on they door . brigitte still entangle in Ginger , hit the music off . pamela ( o/s ) Little late for that , girl . ginger / brigitte ( bite I : ) / sorry ; they stand in each other 's arm listen to pamela mount the stair off screen . Ginger shove brigitte backward onto she bed . Ginger pile on top of she , playfully pin she down . ginger I want more . brigitte squirm fitfully . br ig itte no , it 's too gross ! you will get catch . ginger not if you help . bee. I be starve . brigitte look into she sister 's beam face . ginger jus ' keep watch . look , I be gonna be something ' totally else . tell I you do not so dig it . tell I you do not wanna see what happen . brigitte groan . brigitte ( v/o ) straight up ? crazy 's contagious . trust I . 47 ext . various street &amp ; yard - various night Bailey downs sleep soundly as the hunt begin . the moon be a sliver of its former self . Ginger cock she head at the sound of a dog bark . she lift she nose into the wind and sniff . Ginger be prowl like a wild cat through yard and service lane , as a study in much less stealth , brigitte stumble , trip and slip after Ginger . split she sweat climb fence . lose a shoe over garage roof , get catch in automated lawn sprinkler , fall into hide cellar window trough , as a series of dog perk they ear and snarl from they dog house , chain , and porch perches ... low whistle and smoochy sound lure the dog into bush , behind car , around fence . string of dog ' chain strain tight , then slacken ... Ginger - wild -ey , bloody - mouth , and euphoric - toss collar at brigitte . brigitte miss most of the toss . she pick up the collar and finger this souvenir with disgust . insert : ext . a back yard - dawn a little kid deck out for hockey practice waddle into he yard with a full dog food dish . his foot squish along he pet 's entrail . he find he dog 's body and drop the dish with a clatter on the cement patio . kid m-m-mmomi ? CUT back to : day get tick off on the feminine hygiene calendar ... brigitte ( vb0 ) we become the Beast of Bailey downs . we get good .. the moon vanish , then reappear in as a first Quarter , as brigitte 's get the hang of thing , she practice expert surveillance from car roof , throw stone to trip motion - sensitive lamp , start move like a super spy , take crime - scene style Polaroid of they victim , as 48 Ginger 's kill get quick , she get wilder , more dare , more ruthless , and ... brigitte get cooler , confident , collect . she 's mapp out attack route and lead the froth Ginger to the big score , like dog kennel ... brigitte ( v/o ) the more we do , the crazier she get ... ext . bailey high sport field - night under a swell moon brigitte and Ginger tear around in the dark , scream and laugh and rough-house . jump to : int girl ' bedroom - night brigitte shove a fist-full of collar under they mattress . jump back to : on the field , Ginger climb up on the goal post and walk carefully across the narrow beam . jump to : brigitte ( v/o ) the crazier she get , the more she need I . I like that part . in they room , brigitte help Ginger shave she back . Ginger trim she elongate nail . brigitte pluck hair from Ginger 's palm . Ginger brushes she tooth and a piece of tooth come off - she have a little fang . jump to : on the field both brigitte and Ginger hang upside down from the goal post by they knee . brigitte be wear a dog collar as a necklace . they be laugh they head off and try to pull each other 's shirt down to expose each other 's breast . gingersnaps - walton / July 15 , 1996 49 int . girl ' bedroom - dawn Ginger hold she mattress up while brigitte stuff handfuls of the collar underneath . they collapse , exhaust . Ginger crawl on she hand and knee to the toilet in the int . attached bath - dawn Ginger drink out of the toilet like a dog . int . girl ' bedroom - meanwhile / dawn Ginger burp loudly and crawl back to join she sister , who offer she a cigarette . br ig itte pig . ginger you love it . brigitte examine the feminine hygiene calendar . in it , a cartoon of a female egg be personify with a heel and sunglass , strutting across the date . brtgitte trey , look yer ovulate . Ginger rub she belly . ginger I be still hungry , bee . brigitte how can you - you have do every dog we can ginger it 's not enough . I want something ' ... I need more . ext . bailey high - day all the kid loung on the grounds double - take the fitzgerald girl ' entrance this morning . Ginger be babe-alicious in a hot tiny tee , boot , shade and very short short . she project unbearably untouchable . brigitte flank she without the wardrobe , but the attitude be there . ginger snap - walton Jason gape as Ginger head toward he with a unlit smoke between she pointy tooth . she leave a inch between he chest and she breast . ginger get a light , jace ' ? Jason and he pal all fumble for lighter and five little flame appear before she smoke . she light she smoke on Jason 's , and exhaling look he up and down . the boy flame go out , all at once . ginger my sister would like one also . obediently , they all light up for brigitte . brigitte falter before the attention . at Ginger 's nod , brigitte light up too . trina ( o1s ) slut . Ginger turn to see trina and the clone size she up . ginger Excuse I ? Ginger seem to tower over the trinas today . trina can not match the menace . Ginger exhales smoke in trinal face and climb the step into the school . brigitte double - take Ginger 's back . Ginger 's spine be protrude sharply through she shirt . trina leer at brigitte . trina better watch you back , fitzenstein . brigitte snort and follow Ginger in . brigitte ( under she breath ) like I be scared . int english CLASS - day Ginger chew she nail like a dog do when clean they . brigitte and the rest of the class watch a rcmp officer hold a reward poster at the front of the room . 51 officer we need you cooperation . if you know anything about the so - call Beast of Bailey downs , call in . you can be anonymous . brigitte ( v/o ) ha ! as if they be not already . officer ( con 't ) but you pet be not safe until the perpetrator be catch . Ginger sigh loudly and brigitte prod she . ext . bailey high sporting field - day the girl ' gym class be prepping for lacrosse again . the trinas square off across the half - way mark from Ginger . mz. syke blow she whistle . the scrimmage begin . trina whip the indian rubber ball right into Ginger 's face . Ginger drop she stick and launch herself at trina . play stop with the whistle , but Ginger and trina be just go at it . Ginger 's win . trina bite Ginger 's sore arm and Ginger rake she nail over trina 's neck .. Ginger draw blood . mz. syke break it up by drag Ginger off trina . syke tend to triria , who bawl . Ginger wipe she bloody hand over she mouth . brigitte Ginger ! Ginger 's roll the taste of trina 's blood around in she mouth . ginger mmnun . brigitte you can not do that , that 's human blood ! . feel anything ? brigitte and Ginger stare at one another . Ginger first shake she head . , but then nod . Ginger look around and whisper ginger snap - walton / July 15 , 1996 52 ginger it 's sick but - I be all like horny . brigitte make a sour face . syke fitzgerald , bench ! ginger what , she start it ! brigitte watch Ginger march to the sideline , throw off she gear as she go . syke pick that stuff up ! Ginger give syke the finger without look back . brigitte groan . int . bailey high hall - day brigitte wait outside a door mark guidance . trina struggle by with the help of she clone . trina sport a big ugly bandage on she neck , knee and a arm in a sling . she shoot brigitte a death stare . trina yer bitch sister 's dead , freak . brigitte ( under she breath ) fuck off . Jason lope up . he indicate the guidance office door . jason Ginger in there again ? brigitte ignore he . jason cool. um. look , belinda ... brigitte brigitte . jason right , right . T would really like to take yer sister out . think you could ask she for I ? 53 brigitte ' 's face cloud . jason hey . I could fix you up too . I guess . brigitte seethes . jason fuck . never mind , I will ask she myself . ( under he breath ) freak . Jason take a post on the opposite brigitte to wait . brigitte glare at he . int . guidance office - day the grossly over - weight guidance councilor , mr . wayne , be perch on the edge of he fake wood desk , hold they death slide ( from the credit sequence ) up to the fluorescent light . his arm pit be stain with sweat . Ginger slump in a chair before he . there be a fish bowl full of condom on he desk . Ginger pick one out , unwrap it , examine it as he talk . mr. wayne look , you keep get send here . we might as well be friendly . ginger I do not do friendly , Mr. Wayne . mr. wayne hey . I know where you be come from . I be a kid once too . ginger really ? so be i. weird . Ginger fake a eye-lash bat smile . she wind the condom over she erect finger . mr. wayne okay , you be not a kid . you be a young adult . with some issue . let 's explore they . ginger snap - walton / July 15 , 1996 54 Ginger rub the condom 's lubricant between she two free finger , intrigue by the texture . mr. wayne hey . I be reach out here . you play for attention be a cry for help , be not they ? ginger uh , no . mr. wayne be it a problem at home ? with you parent ? ginger they think I be cute . Mr. Wayne sigh . mr. wayne maybe I ought to split you and you sister up . gtnger aw , c'mon Mr. wa-ayne . divide aii ' conquer ? that 's so old . mr. wayne hey . you be antisocial , antagonistic , and now violent . the point of high school be you learn to develop a place for yourselves in society .../ ginger ' Long as you like it . mr. wayne as long as you be at this school young lady , I better like it . Ginger give he a cold , dead stare . mr . wayne consider this you final warning . I see you outta line again , and we be talk expulsion . and do not look at I like that , missy . 55 int . bailey high hall - day Ginger slam the guidance office door on she way out . ginger fuckin ' guidance my ass . she pound she fist into a locker and make a dent . brigitte cringe . Ginger admire the damage . jason Holy ... Ginger notice Jason and visibly brighten . ginger hey . jason hey. whatcha doin ' now ? ginger nothin ' special . jason wanna go for a ride ? ginger sure . c'mon bee. Jason and brigitte 's face darken simultaneously . brigitte Ginger , we should get home . ginger no we should not . brigitte drag Ginger aside . Ginger note brigitte 's hand squeezing she arm with a dangerous look . brigitte twenty minute ago you coulda kill somebody . be this really a good time to start dating ? I do not think so . Ginger shake brigitte 's hand off . ginger well , I do . 56 brigitte why ? ginger why ?! look , grow up a little a ' maybe you will get it brigitte what . ginger forget it , I be goin ' . I will draw ya a picture later , ' kay ? Ginger take Jason 's hand and pull he off to the exit . Jason give brigitte such a smug look over he shoulder . brigitte stand alone in the hall , gape after they . ext bailey high - late day brigitte ( v/o ) when Henry renovate the basement , to build we room ? I be like ten a , in the way a , shit . well , he ram iue with this beam , right in my stomach . accidentally . brigitte wander over the empty school . lot . she look small and alone . she look disorient . brigitte ( con 't - V / 0 ) but all the air come outta my lung at once a , I keep tryin ' to breathe but I could not . I forget all about that . till like right now . brigitte consult the hygiene calendar . Ginger 's end the third week of check - off day . a special note on today 's date ask do you have pms ? ext . hill crest -- dusk Jason 's van be park on a rise that offer a impressive overview of Bailey downs . cricket sing . the moon be rise . 57 int . the van - dusk Ginger and Jason sit in the front seat of he van . they be make out . Ginger be enjoy herself . Ginger bite he lip . Ginger draw blood . jason ouch ! whoa . can not believe you never have a boyfriend ... Ginger lick he blood from she own lip and freeze dead cold . Jason dive back at she for more . Ginger look both arouse and unnerve by she arousal . Ginger 's stomach growl . Ginger push Jason off of she . ginger I have to go . it 's get late . jason it 's only six o'clock . Jason press himself on she again . Ginger shove he off , hard . ginger 1 - have -to-go . jason oh . now you get all moody on I ? ginger hey_ you get no idea . ext . hillcrest - dusk Ginger slam the van door and rush away from the van . jason ( o/s ) chick , yer all the same ! Ginger stop in she track . she shake she head and continue away . jason ( o /s ) cock tease ! ext . bailey STREET - dusk brigitte shuffles along the curb , the picture of dejection . she slow to watch Sam load some enormous tree branch into the back of he truck , pack up for the night : lie have 58 be cut back a enormous tree in someone 's front yard . when Sam glance she way , brigitte pick up she pace without look back . ext . park area - night trina wear a radio headset that pound post-disco dance mix as she jog . morely dash in and out of the surround greenery . he dash in once more , and do not reappear . trina look back expectantly . she run in place , wait for he . she head back , look for he . Ginger pop out of the brush before trina . ginger face smear with blood from mo.rely . Ginger grin insanely . Ginger wiggle morely 's collar . trina click off she head set . ginger hi ! int fitzgerald bungalow - night brigitte descend the stair to she room . Music blast from the basement . pamela ( o/s ) brigitte ? tell you sister to turn that stereo down ! int . girl ' bedroom -- night brigitte let herself in . the music be now deafen . trina be bound in a chair at the end of she bed , scream she head off . her scream be bury by the music . brigitte slam and lock the door behind she . ginger ( yell over noise ) stop scream or I will rip you perm head right off you neck . a ' ya know what ? I can do that . now open wide Ginger force - feed trina something on a spoon . trina scream with she mouth full , try to spit it back out . Ginger offer trina a glass of milk . ginger chaser ? no ? ginger snap - walton / July 15 , 1996 59 blood trickle out of the corner of trinas mouth as she chew while bawling . Ginger set the glass of milk on the desk . brigitte Ginger what be you do -! Ginger grin and show bee a bowl of crush glass and tack . ginger jus ' like you say , bee ! S ' perfect ! brigitte grab the bowl away : glass shard and tack rain around they . brigitte be you crazy ?! ginger hey ! I be join ' this for you ! as the sister argue , trina rock the chair back and forth , try to free herself . br I G itte oh no , no way ... no ! ginger yer still burnt over Jason ! br I G itte no , Ginger , I be burnt ' cause you do not see like jail in yer future ! you do not get how hugely fuck this be ! do you ? trina lurch back hard and rock forward . trina struggle to get she toe to meet the floor . she lurch back for more momentum . ginger you sayin ' I be stupid ?! brigitte I be sayin ' she ? will tell on you ! this be someone who will tell ! trina throw herself forward again and she toe connect firmly with the floor - just as she temple connect with a sicken crack on the sharp corner of the desk . the milk glass dump on top of she . 60 brigitte and Ginger look at she . trina hang there in the chair at this strange angle for a moment , drip milk . then trina and the chair keel to the floor . trina be still . brigitte turn the music off and creep up to trina . blood trickle out of trina 's ear and swirl into the milky glass mess at she mouth . her open eye stare at nothing . she 's dead . ginger ha-ha . Ginger grab she own right arm ( most damage by the original attack ) and shudder with pain . ginger ow . ow . owchee - wow-ow . brigitte take trina in from head to toe . brigitte check trina for a pulse . brigitte snap she hand back as though it be burn . a tremor wrack brigitte 's body and she convulse . brigitte run to the bathroom . off screen , brigitte throw up . meanwhile Ginger raise she afflict hand . the hand be nowsometh clearly on the way to be a wolfen paw . the nail be black , curling claw . oblivious , brigitte climb back into bed and cover she face with a pillow . brigitte my life be basically over . ginger bee . .. bee ! awestruck , they both watch as Ginger extend and retract she : new set of claw . there be a knock at the door . the girl look at one another in mute horror . Ginger address the door . ginger what ! pamela ( o/s ) be you two fight ?! ginger -- no ! ginger snap - walton / July 15 . 1996 61 pamela ( o /s ) come on then . dinner 's ready . brigitte and Ginger hop up and down in a brief freak fit . ginger ( o /s ) come ! tnt fitzgerald dine room - night Ginger have she new paw curl up in a over-size sweat jacket sleeve . brigitte stare at the stew before they with grave distaste . pamela have a number of use tissue around she - she 's be cry . henry the gynecologist call . pamela grasp Ginger 's gnarly arm and squeeze it through she sleeve . brigitte and Ginger look at pamela 's hand . pamela there 's something wrong , Ginger . he want to do a ultra-sound ! henry pamela , do not scare she . how could the cell not be human cell ? we will send you to somebody else . pamela I be sure you father 's right . I be just upset ... how be you feel , do you feel . all right ? ginger um. sure . Fine . pamela ( lowering she voice ) no unusual discharge or anything like that ? Henry , brigitte and Ginger groan . pamela I worry , all right ? I have make another appointment with a new doctor . early next month be the earliest he could see you . okay ? 62 ginger okay . they all begin eat in silence . except brigitte who gag as Henry squirt ketchup all over he stew . ext . neighbor be yard - night trina 's body be wrap in a bedspread and stuff in a kid 's wagon . brigitte be keep a look out look pale and sicken . grass and dirt spray out of the playhouse . Ginger be digging up the ground inside doggie style . she emerge , shaking the turf out of she new paw . they struggle to get trina inside , but she 's already too stiff to bend up . ginger told you . brigitte rigor mortis . knew we shoulda skip dinner . ginger can we do it my way now ? brigitte hesitates , she anxiety rise . br ig itte so be this it ? you doin ' people now ? ginger she will not fit unless I br ig itte you know what I mean . just say . ginger I di not kill she ! brigitte but be you gonna ? there be a long pause . Ginger try to laugh it off with , ginger no . I be not do people . no. brigitte take a deep breath , nodd . she act belief . 63 brigitte ' Kay . . hurry up . Ginger drag a section of the body into the playhouse with she . disgusting gnash and tear , bone snap and other sound of devour be hear from within . brigitte keep watch . tear appear in she eye . the body be drag another foot into the playhouse . Ginger be eat trina to make she fit in the grave . brigitte ( v/o ) trina be dead . trina be dinner . this be bad . an'i keep wonderin ' what Sam be doin ' right then . I could not help it , he jus ' keep poppin ' into my head , like . CUT to black . int a family - size freezer - dawn brigitte lift the lid of a large freezer . our Pov be from inside the freezer . its light illuminate the brown paper parcel Ginger set inside , next to the freeze waffle and veggy . the parcel be label t-bone , t-thigh , t-breast . brigitte ( v/0 ) what Ginger could not finish we froze , ' cause the less we leave for whoever would find trina , the better . watch a lot of crime tv , so . brigitte 's size Ginger up behind she back . Ginger finish load the freezer . brigitte drop the lid . CUT to black . int girl ' bedroom -- later that night the room be dark . Ginger be asleep . brigitte be in bed with she back turn to Ginger 's bed . brigitte have a penlight on a collection of open monster book . she be examine a sketch of a plant with yellow flower . 64 brigitte ( v/o ) ( reading ) " the Beast be usually finally eliminate with a bullet , the cost of break the curse the human life that bore it . , , oh man . " however many believe wolf bane ( see diagram , right ) have the power not only to protect the innocent , but calm that afflict to a restore sense of reason and self - control . " ginger ( o /s ) what : cha join ' ? brigitte nearly jump into orbit , slamm she book shut as Ginger appear over she shoulder . ginger hm. Big Book of monster , hunh . think they be useless . br ig itte they be . could not sleep . so. rrigitte give Ginger a nervous smile . Ginger smile back . her fang show . int . girl ' bedroom - next morning they alarm clock go off read 8:00 am . Ginger 's paw come down hard on it , crack the plastic case . brigitte be already up . she sweep up the glass mess from the night before . Ginger roll out of bed , step over brigitte and stumble to the bathroom . Ginger step on tack and do not even react . ginger man , I be not get enough sleep . Ginger close the bathroom door . brigitte leap to the door , looping one end of a noose extension cord around the handle . the other end be tie to the door handle of the bedroom door . brigitte check to ensure the latter be bolt shut . 65 off -screen , the toilet flush . off - screen , Ginger try to open the door . she can not . ginger ( o/s ) the fuck -? beef brigitte watch the vibrate length of cord hold the door firmly in place . Ginger bang hard on the door . ginger bee !? brigitte Ginger , do not be piss ... ginger open the fuckin ' door you feeb . brigitte no ! Ginger pound on the door with great violence . br I ( ' tf . want pamela dc h , e ? the pound sto2 . brigitte we have to stop it ginge ' . if we can . I `ll be back before dark . brigitte tear the page with the plant out of she book and leave by the window . brigitte ( v/o ) told pammy Ginger be not feel well . just to get she checkin ' regular on . she , keep the pressure on Ginger to be cool . ext county greenhouse - day brigitte step off a county bus at the drive . there 's a police car park next to the Sam 's truck . she look back to the bus , but the door swing shut and it pull away . brigitte smoothes she hair , take a deep breath , and over - act innocent as she walk up . 66 int county greenhouse - day brigitte can hear male voice as she mince down the leafy aisle . cop ( o/s ) it 's in you best interest to be cooperative . SAM ( o/s ) my lawyer 's co-operative , I just know my rights . I do not know where she be , I be very concerned . that 's it , unless you get a warrant . she end up back into a cop behind some palm . brigitte shhh - it ! I mean , sorry . SAM ( to cop ) you can see I get customer , so if that 's all . cop okay . sure . for now . the cop give Sam a final dirty Harry squint and leave . Sam collect himself with difficulty . so do brigitte . SAM if you skip school lookin ' to score , I do not keep nothin ' here at work , sweetheart . brigitte I di not . I mean I skip , but -/ SAM hey . from mccardy 's van , right ? you know my girlfriend ? trina sinclair ? brigitte rinda . SAM you see she today ? ginger snap - wai . ton / July 15 , 1996 67 brigitte not today ... SAM fuck . she 's miss . brigitte oh. s-sorry . SAM yeah , well . cop think I know where she be . I do not . Sam look brigitte right in the eye . brigitte be catch up in he for a second . SAM sorry , what do you care right ? what do you need . brigitte um. lookin ' for this . she hold out the tear page . Sam take it . SAM aconitum lycoctonum ? sorry . brigitte yank she own hair hard . Sam smile . SAM tryin ' to kill somebody ? ( off she look ) well , you know it 's poisonous , right ? wolf bane ? deadly . be like stock hemlock a , shit . brigitte no , I think it do something else . do not matter . SAM anyway they be perennial - only flower in spring . brigitte turn to leave , hot with frustration , huinilliation . Sam watch she stamp toward the door . SAM hey . ranunculaceae come in about a hundred species . I have gotta cousin , monkshood . not so toxic . if you be interested . 66 brigitte stop and consider he . SAM do not know if it would help . int greenhouse -- moment later they sit together amidst beautiful plant and flower . sam. pick a tiny purple flower from a bed of young plant and hand it to brigitte . SAM s'call monkshood ' cause people use to think it keep them pure from dirty thought . seriously . brigitte ( earnestly ) make my life easier . Sam laugh . surprise by this , brigitte smile and hide under she hair . brigitte ( v/o ) this be awful . but the whole time I be with he there ? I di not even think how I would just put piece of he girlfriend in the deep freeze , like , at all . int . girl ' bedroom - day Ginger pull with all . she might to get the door open a few inch . the door knob on both door be strain . something start to crack . with ferocious effort , Ginger contort herself through two inch of space . the crack be come from Ginger as she squeeze she body bizarre - ly out of joint , as a contortionist might . once through , she snap and click she distend bone back in place . she gasp for breath . her face be distort with murderous fury . there be a knock on the bedroom door . pamela ( o/s ) Ginger , feel any better ? Ginger climb noiselessly out of the window . 69 pamela ( o / 's ) Ginger ? you sleep ?... God , I hate this lock , I know it 's - privacy but what if you be in trouble in there for god 's sake ? int . bailey high hall - day brigitte stand at she on locker , tie a rubber band around stalk of the monkshood . there be a goofy half - smile on she face , and she 's hum . brigitte ( v/o ) the book say dry it out before use it . I figure I would keep Ginger lock up - feed she trina - till it be ready . she hang the monkshood upside down in the locker . the buzzer go as she slam the door shut . ext . service lane - day Ginger stalk past the neighbor 's yard with the playhouse where trina be bury . ext . playhouse yard - day a new puppy romp . he sniff around the edge of the playhouse . he smell something . he start to whine and dig . int . bailey high - day Ginger stomp the desert hall , with they class schedule in hand . class be in session . a fat silhouette appear - at the end of the corridor . wayne fitzgerald . tardy ! my office now ! Ginger face he with a dreadful expression . 70 int . classroom - day brigitte slump in she seat doodling . the rcmp officer be back , speak to the class . the poster this time have a class photo of trina . officer if any of you have see trina please let we know . she go for a run this morning and have not return or contact she family or friend ... int . guidance office - day Ginger stand imposingly over Mr. Wayne in he chair . wayne sit down , Ginger . ginger I can not stay . waynf : I say , sit . ginger a ' I say ./ wayne ( cut she off ) you be expell . this be not you personal playground , this be a school . ginger oh dear . int . guidance office -- a few minute later / day Ginger 's good hand lift the telephone receiver on Mr. Wayne 's desk . with she wolfen paw she dial . in the background we see blood splatter over the wall . 71 ginger ( o/s ) ( imitate pamela ) hello , main office ? this be Mrs. fitzgerald . would you page my daughter brigitte please ? I be wait to meet she in the guidance office . thank you so much . int . classroom - day brigitte catch herself write Sam 's name on she binder . she scribbles it out , look very guilty . PA system ( o /s ) would brigitte fitzgerald please report to guidance . brigitte fitzgerald . brigitte freeze . the cop , the teacher , the whole class look at she . brigitte scoops up she stuff . ext . guidance office -- day brigitte reach the door and find it lock . the door open a crack and Ginger 's transformed arm grab brig . ille , haul she inside . the door slam shut and lock . int . guidance office - day ginger do not ever fuck with I like that again . brigitte you .got out . brigitte gape at all the blood . Ginger be very agitate . ginger he ask for it . be gonna expel I . so. back away , brigitte trip over Mr. Wayne 's foot stick out from under the desk . ginger what do we do , bee ? what do we do ? 72 brigitte sink into a chair look completely traumatize . Ginger hop about - charge by the kill . ginger C 'mon we need a fuckin ' plan here ! the school bell go off . brigitte snap out of she daze , reach up and hit the light switch off . they now sit in virtual darkness . brigitte last bell . wait till everyone go . we will stuff he someplace . clean this up . I guess . the sound of the full hall around they seem very loud now . ginger bee , gotta a smoke ? brigitte hand she a smoke . ginger sorry about this . brigitte whatever . ginger do not be mad , ' kay ? brigitte I be not mad . int . bailey high hall - later the school be desert . the lock pop on the guidance door and brigitte and Ginger peer out . nobody . brigitte stay here . lock the door . I will knock once . Ginger nod . brigitte slip out and creep down the corridor . Ginger shut the door . then Ginger whip it open again . br ig itte shut the door , Ginger ! 73 ginger bee ? brigitte whati ginger thanks . brigitte blink at she , then continue to skulk away . the office door shut and the lock lock reverb after she . int . another hallway - late day brigitte walk fast , look for a place for the body . she look inside full garbage can and size they up . too small . she look up at a loose ceiling panel . she jump a few time try to reach it . too high . she get a idea . brigitte jog past the sign direct we to gym . int . guidance hall - meanwhile a janitor push he cart toward the guidance office . he stop at another door , produce key , and let himself in . he return with a trash can and empty into he bin . he replace the can , close the door and lock it . int . guidance office - meanwhile Ginger , gnaw on Mr. Wayne 's arm but really be not enjoy it . she stop in mid-chew and listen . the janitor 's footstep approach : he cart wheel squeak int . guidance hall - day the janitor wheel up to the guidance office . he slide this key in the lock . int . guidance office - day Ginger grip the door knob as best she can with she one good hand , she foot brace against the wall on either side . 74 on the other side , the janitor tug , and tug again . Ginger 's get madder the more he persist . the janitor give the door one last wrench and it fly open . int . guidance hall - day brigitte wheel a large cloth cart full of basket ball around a corner . the janitor crawl toward she , he hand lift to she for help , blood spurting from he slashed throat . he try to cry out , but only make a gurgle whistle , the air in he qi 's pass through blood . Ginger walk behind he as he crawl . Ginger apply she boot to he ass and make he slip face first in he own gore . Ginger giggle . Ginger look up and see brigitte gape in utter revulsion at she . for a split second , Ginger stop cold . Ginger seem to falter before she sister 's horror . then , without break they lock gaze , without even seem conscious she 's do it - Ginger step on the man 's finger and break they with a series of snap . brigitte try to pry she eye away , but can not . still stare at brigitte , Ginger extend she claw . Ginger shake she head , as if to say I can not help it .. . Ginger pounce on the man . brigitte turn she face to the wall . the lanitor make a final horrible noise . the hall fall silent . montage : int . school - late day to night as brigitte stuff Mr. Wayne into the gym basket and cover he with ball , Ginger run madly up and down the hall screeching and whooping , slamm she monster arm into the locker bashing they in . as brigitte push the janitor 's body into a ground level air vent Ginger break the fire extinguisher out of it 's case and unleash foam into the hall . ginger snap - walton / July 15 , 1996 75 brigitte mop up the janitor 's blood with he own cart stuff . the guidance office be already clean . Ginger lift the fire extinguisher over she head . she start run with it toward through the frost glass window of the main office with a triumphant war whoop . brigitte step between Ginger and she target . ginger move ! brigitte stop it ! just stop . enough , Ginger . please . please . Ginger throw the canister any way , force brigitte to dive out of the way . smash ! Glass rain down over . brigitte . brigitte lift she head in time to see Ginger burn down the hall look for more mischief . brigitte curl into a fetal position , bury she face in she lap and rock herself . brigitte sob . off-screen we hear Ginger cont . inue she ram a e else where in the school . brigitte wander up to the janitor 's cart , look like a plane crash survivor - daze and wretch . brigitte pick up a bottle of clean fluid . she sniff it . she close she eye and tip it back . she wash it around in she mouth and lift she chin to swallow . she spew it into the air , the taste make she heave instinctively . she dry heave a couple of time . she throw the bottle at the wall . int . school - night exhausted , brigitte trail Ginger who be tired too , and head for the exit . they stop dead at the door . ext . school step - night a truck 's headlight pin they in full view . Ginger roll she sleeve down over she paw . brigitte swoon as if she might black out on the spot . the truck 's engine cut and the door slowly open . jason well , well well .. ginger snap - walton / jufy 15 , 1996 76 Jason and he pal climb out of the van . they hold beer bottle : they have come here to drink . jason the fair sister fitzgerald . ginger hey . how 's it goin ' ? jason you tell I . Tim crack the door and take a look inside . tim Holy shit - they trash the place ! the guy gawk : they be very impressed . boy who--oooaa . fuck , unbelievable ! jason Ginger , I have no idea . ginger what can I say . I have a urgo . jason cool. but . this be ya know , uh , a bit of a problem . what 's gonna happen when they start lookin ' for the ah , people responsible ? brigitte glare at Ginger . ginger you will not tell . jason oh I might . ginger no you will not . brigitte Ginger -? ginger shut up . shut up . ( to Jason ) how ' bout a deal . 77 jason have to be sweet . ginger you keep we lil ' secret and I do you . all a' you . brigitte slump against the wall . jason tim jason Jason get the eager nod from he gang . jason okay , let 's go . ginger not now - I be a mess . we be ( make this up as she go ) have a Halloween party at . we place , Friday night . we will do it then . jason yeah , right Saturday . you will ditch . ginger I will not ditch . but you guy say a word about this to any one , - and there 's no action . so it 's up to you . you stay quiet , you score . you do not - phhtt - nice knowin ' ya . jason deal . he extend he hand to shake on it . linger shake it awkwardly with she good hand . brigitte thump she head against the wall . int . girl ' bedroom - night Ginger lean on the bathroom door , which be shut . 78 ginger c'mon bee ... int . girl ' bathroom - night brigitte be sit on the close seat of the toilet try to pull she hair out . brigitte shut up , leave I alone ! ginger ( o/s ) it 's not that big a deal . brigitte ( o /s ) how can you say that ! two people be dead because of you . us. ginger they piss I off . brigitte open the bathroom door . brigitte oh . then they we ask for it ? what about Jason a ' they ? gonna kill them all when yer do , Ginger ? ' Cause you have to take yer clothes off for that shit , they wanna see yer body for that shit , you gonna let like five guy live to tell how they fuck the Beast a' Bailey downs ? that could annoy you too ! Ginger prod a claw into brigitte 's chest , pin she in place . ginger think yer sooo smart ? I think yer sooo jealous . brigitte yeah , I be jealous yer turn into a nympho . I be so jealous yer kill people who do never do nothing to you . yeah Ginger . sure . ginger oh , wow . 79 brigitte take a deep breath , swallow hard . br ig itte I do not wanna do this any more . Ginger 's claw prick brigitte 's skin . brigitte cringe . blood appear around the claw . ginger what . brigitte I be sorry , but ...! brigitte writhes in pain as Ginger 's claw slice in deeper . brigitte Ginger ?! this be I . Ginger retract the claw , and brigitte grab the wound . ginger so ? Ginger hurl brigitte against the wall . Ginger throw herself on top of brigitte . Ginger raise she kill claw to bri g.iLt.e ' 's neck . ginger who need you ? brigitte be helpless and look terrify . Ginger 's face be contort with intensity , with madness . Ginger 's drool . a drip of gob drop onto brigitte 's face . brigitte ( very small , plaintive ) Ginger ... Ginger lift brigitte by the shirt - front and search she eye . Ginger drop brigitte to the floor and grab she coat . brigitte grab Ginger 's leg . brigitte do not , please ! brigitte struggle to hang on , to rise from the floor ; Ginger 's really hurt she . brigitte maybe we can stop it ! lemme try ! Ginger kick free . 80 ginger a ' spoil my fun ? I will skin you alive first . brigitte struggle to a point between Ginger and the window . br ig itte you be fuck without I . they will catch you . wake up ! ginger no , you wake up ! nobody will live to catch I . yer a two - face lil ' chicken shit ? you problem , brigitte . I do not need ya . I do not wantcha ! so stay away from I or I will kill you I swear I will have you for breakfast . brigitte back out of Ginger 's way . Ginger step up i.o the window and climb through . brigitte rub she throat , try hard to keep breathe . brigitte dash to she own bed and drag a adida gym bag from under it . brigitte start grab clothes off the floor and jam they into the bag . brigitte ( v/o ) I be like , okay . fuck you too . she would be sorry . and I would be like , I dunno - somewhere ' totally else goin ' not my problem . right . ext service lane - night brigitte trudge up to the bus stop next to the fence of the playhouse yard with she full adida bag . Light stream from inside the yard , multi-coloured , strobing . it look like a ufo have land on the other side of the fence . she peer through the slat . she see the playhouse , light up like a Christmas tree . she see glove hand and police uniform . then slide past , the long - almost endless - shape on a stretcher be draw out of the playhouse : they have find trina 's body . the bus appear , approach from way down the road . 81 brigitte look from it to the crime scene . the crime scene photographer 's flash ! pop in brigitte 's face - blind she for a second . brigitte rub she eye . she shake she head hard . the bus be indicate , slow to pull over . brigitte open she eye . the bus be almost here . brigitte grip she adida bag . brigitte ( v/o ) but you can not break up with blood . you can not divorce yer sister . you jus ' can not . the bus pass , obscure brigitte from view as its body fill frame . when its tail light pass , brigitte be far down the street , run like a champion in the direction she come from . int . girl ' bedroom - night brigitte carefully unlock the bedroom door and slowly open it . the room be dark and just as she leave it . Ginger 's hed have not be sleep in , and she be no where to be see . brigitte ( v/o ) I would get the monkshood from my locker at school the next morning . brigitte creep to the bathroom and snap the light on . empty . brigitte ( v/o ) I would find Ginger , I would find out if the stuff even work . brigitte lock the window shut . she lock the bedroom door and push a bureau of drawer in front of it . brigitte ( v/o ) I could deal with whatever , as long as I try . if it be the last thing she ever see I do , it be gonna be I goin ' fer something ' by myself . the real Ginger woulda dig that large . brigitte turn on the bedside lamp and fish a baseball bat out of the closet . 82 brigitte ( v/o ) I would try to save my sister when the sun come up . you know , if the sun come up . brigitte climb into bed , snuggling the bat in with she . she light a smoke . she find the feminine hygiene calendar on the bedside table next to the photo of the girl as kid at Halloween , take many year before . the calendar tell we it be about to be Friday . Friday be the full moon . Friday be Halloween . int girl ' room - dawn the lamp be still on . the ash tray be full of butt . brigitte stir in she sleep . Ginger stand at the end of brigitte 's bed , stare at she . brigitte snap to , grip the bat . Ginger snort , and climb into she own bed . brigitte swing she gaze to the window . it be still shut and lock . the bureau be still in front of the door . brigitte hold she hat tightly and watch she sister 's back in the next bed , terrify . ext . bailey high - day brigitte jog up to the school . the yard be full of student . teacher be marshal they into line and seating they on the grass . brigitte plow through . Ginger ride past , piggy - back by Jason . Ginger completely ignore brigitte . brigitte look very worried . female student Ginger fitzgerald be such a slut . / no kid ./ the bitch . various student you hear about trina sinclair ? / dug she up in somebody 's back yard ! / oh that 's so sad ! / poor trina , ga-aw ! as brigitte get closer to the building , she find police car and cop at the main entrance . 83 brigitte shit. principal fardor be speak with the rcmp constable who have be visit class . fardor hold a hanky over he face . fardor that stench near the staff office , what be that you think ? brigitte hedge up the step toward the door . officer I could not say , sir . now be there anyone you suggest we talk to ? anyone with something against the school ? brigitte slip past the two man . fardor for god 's sake look around you . I get 350 angry young people bored blind . helluva day for my goddamn clean staff to be late ... . iiey ! brigitte stop at the threshold . fardor the hell you goin ' ? br ig itte I leave something in my locker . fardor find you homeroom and wait . School 's outta bound until we call you in . get ! brigitte back down the step , look like she just take a good slap . she turn to confront the mass confusion around she . brigitte spot Ginger dance on the roof of a car in the lot now , surround by boy . brigitte spot Sam 's truck near-by . ext . bailey high parking lot - day Sam be sit in he truck , slump over the wheel . he hold a almost - go bottle of rye . brigitte run up . 84 Sam be cry . he do not see brigitte arrive at he window , so she turn to tip - toe away . Sam look up . his eye tell we he 's stone . SAM hey . wolf bane . wanna drink ? brigitte stop and turn to face he . Sam dry he face on he sleeve and pop he passenger door . brigitte look around and slide in . Ginger be watch brigitte out of the corner of she eye . int . sam' truck - day SAM I show up to see trina ? but she 's I be goin ' strange in the head . brigitte do not know what to say , so she offer he a smoke . he take it . SAM why ? why would ya do a thing like that ? brigitte examine he . face for a implication . there be not one . SAM what 's unny be I dumped she that night . feel bad about it now . Truth be , she be a pain in the ass . I sound like a jerk , right . br igitte no . SAM really ? yeah well , while she be - disappearin ' , I be off have a time at the highway Home with my buddy georgio . drinkin ' , dealin' - a , now she 's Sam be over - come again . brigitte raise a hand to touch he , chicken out , and then score on the second attempt . he roll right into she arm . 85 for a brief moment , brigitte have she nose in he hair , she cheek on he shoulder , she hand on he back . he 's cry , and she fight she own tear . SAM sorry , this be strange . I do not even ... last time I see she she be so mad at I . a ' we do have some time , we do . make I sick what she last think a' I musta be though . they eye meet , they face be inch apart . brigitte kiss he , very softly and very quickly and then pull out . Sam look shocked . brigitte look more shocked . ext . bailey high parking lot - meanwhile / day Ginger stop dance a second . she be stare at brigitte and Sam in he truck . her face darken . int . sam' truck - day brigitte I be really , um . Sam lean in and kiss she right back . better. long . SAM shit. sorry . kinda freak . you know ? I should not , well . brigitte yeah . yeah . SAM but that be really nice . brigitte oh. ' Kay . good . they sit stare straight ahead a moment . a cop ahead double - take they , and reach into he car for the radio mic . SAM you wanna lil ' dube or somethin' ? listenin ' to I go on like a loser - what 's yet - name ? ginger snap - walton / July 22 , 1996 86 brigitte brigitte . fitzgerald . no , that 's okay . I need more monkshood ... SAM yes ! dirty thought ! oh. I be drinkin' . should not drive . right , brr-igitte ? brigitte drag she hand over she face with extreme anxiety . brigitte oh , right . ok . ur. SAM Ginger 's yer sister right ? Sam grimace as brigitte nod . brigitte why ? SAM oh , rumor - say she 's doin ' all this guy at some party . goia ' around she 's a big time ho ' , that kinder thing . hey . do not worry about it . nobody mention you . Ginger 's most maniacal laugh drift over to they . brigitte see she dance sexily on the roof of a car with a whole crowd of leer boy . ext . bailey high parking lot - day crowd c'mon Ginger ! take it off ! ginger you wish ! crowd hey Ginger ? watcha doin ' later ? can we come to yer bash ?! Ginger stop dance . anger flood she face . ginger you know about that ? ginger snap - walton / July 15 . 1996 67 boy sure , everybody know ! can I bring my cousin ? int . sam' truck - day Sam grab brigitte ' , .s a be as brigitte grasp the door handle , 1 71 m sa m I like you brigitte F . br ig itte what -? SAM like to see ya again . can I come to yer party too ? brigitte sh-sure . sorry . I gotta - Ginger , so . brigitte slip out of the truck as they stare at one another with that look you get when you be scared because you just kiss someone you really , really like . ext . bailey high parking lot - day two more squad car be glide up the street toward the school . . brigitte make she way toward Ginger . brigitte ( v/o ) fie be jus ' drunk , I be thinkin' . I mean he prob'ly di not mean it . whatever . Beyond Sam 's truck , behind brigitte , the two new cruiser lurch to a stop . cop approach Sam 's vehicle with extreme caution . brigitte arrive at the car with Ginger as , ginger all a ' you guy ?! my house ! tonight ! ( very sinister ) I wanna party with everybody . we will do it till you drop . 68 crowd all right , ginger : ::! who00 - hoo ! the crowd applaud . brigitte stare at Ginger like she 's watch a cruise missile come in . Ginger notice brigitte watch she . Ginger pretend she do not see she . brigitte ( v/o ) Ginger be gonna kill every one of l they . a commotion behind they cause everyone to turn . Sam be be drag from he truck by the cop . he be flung face - first onto the hood and hand -cuffed . cop Sam McDonald ? you be under arrest for the murder of trina sinclair . brigitte physically fight with herself not to yell out . she run a few step toward Sam . brigitte look back at Ginger , who drill she with a evil warning glare . the cop shove Sam into the back of a cruiser . they roar off . brigitte stand alone , apart from the crowd . the cruiser ' flash light disappear down the street . brigitte turn to face Ginger , muster she own first menace look . Ginger accept a cigarette offer by one of she boy . brigitte ( v/o ) they close the school that day . so I never get to my locker . so I never get the monkshood . I think , this be it . I fuck up . ext . fitzgerald bungalow - late day the full moon be just make a appearance . brigitte stand in the front room window , which be decorate with a happy Halloween paper sign and plastic bat . brigitte 's watch Henry put styrofoam tombstone in the front yard . int . fttzgerald dine room - late day 89 the fitzgerald family be eat . brigitte poke at she food . Ginger eat like a fiend , with sunglass on . her monster arm have be wrap in gauze from tip to elbow . pamela now just remember , no boy in you bedroom during this party . you room be off limit . Ginger be you sure that arm 's not sprain , or worse ? ginger bruise . lacrosse . pamela mm Henry when would you get this new meat from tinny 's ? quite nice . brigitte and Ginger exchange a look . henry I have not be to tinny 's . pamela then where 's all the pack mark " t " come from -? brigitte spit out she food . brigitte I be excuse ? int . fitzgerald minivan - magic hour brigitte be use the vehicle 's portable phone as she eye the silhouettes of the family - still at the dining table - in the window above she . she stare at she watch during the follow , 911 operator ( o /s ) 911 , do you need fire , ambulance or police , please . brigitte ( speak very quickly ) Sam McDonald be not the Beast of Bailey downs . he be at the highway Home Motel when trina sinclair be kill . Sam do not do it . 90 brigitte whip the phone shut , hang up . she breathes out long and slow . brigitte ( v/o ) in case this be the last thing I would do . I wan Sam out of it . Sam should not suffer . int . fitzgerald dine room - later brigitte hover in the door way . Henry be read the paper . henry that sinclair girl be find at the bernstein 's , can you believe it ? pamela what , last night ? I do not hear a thing ! never go to have this do in time . Henry help . pamela be feverishly create little straw witch and such party decoration . she have a se]ecl .i.on of dry flower , wheat etc on the table before she . pamela brigitte , honey we be thrilled you two be make friend . but next time you two do something like this give mummy a little more notice , will you ? hate have to scramble . brigitte slide into she regular chair and prop she hand on she wrist in a attitude of complete distraction . henry what 's you sister up to ? brigitte look at Henry as he work on a little witch . pamela she say she have a lot of work to do on she costume . should we dress up , you think ? Henry grimace . he sift through the dry plant before they . brigitte double - take the pile . pame -la oh , Henry . you be no fun at all . 91 brigitte sit bolt up right in she seat . brigitte what be this stuff ? pamela just weed , old cutting from the yard . brigitte no , this stuff . brigitte pluck out a handful of dry plant with tiny purple flower . pamela oh , I have that around the dahlias . man at the greenhouse say it would keep the cat out . seem to do the job . it 's get a funny name - nun 's robe , priest hat , something brigitte monkshood . pamela that 's right . do we have a budd botanist in the family ?! henry pun intend . pamela giggle as do Henry . brigitte grab a fistful of monkshood and race for the door . pamela hey , we need that ! brigitte ! but brigitte be go . pamela that be my accent colour ! int . basement proper - dusk the half - finish basement have a rec room which pamela have deck out in a infantile version of ghoulish for the party . punch sit ready next to case - lot pop and tupperware brim with snack . ginger snap - walton / July 15 . 1996 92 brigitte walk through to the door with a sign , off limit . brigitte unlock the door and slip the monkshood up she shirt . int . bedroom - dusk candle be burn all over . Ginger 's bed be turn down , ready . brigitte walk in on Jason climb through the open window . jason hey . must be the place , right ? brigitte sneer at he . he hold a half - go bottle of schnapp , a dress shirt and he good jeans on . the toilet flush in the john . brigitte knock on the door . ginger what1 brigitte mccardy 's here . the bathroom door unlock but . remain close . ginger git in here a , gimme a hand . brigitte cast a uncertain look at Jason . jason c'mon lady , there 's six other guy sit in the shrub wait . brigitte 's face darken . she slip into the bathroom and shut the door . brigitte ( v/o ) do you think some people deserve to die ? int . girl bathroom - night brigitte do not tryo to hide she fear of be in a confine space with Ginger . there be razor and whisker all over the floor . shave cream every where . Ginger be red - face , sweat and hostile . 93 ginger do not say a fuckin ' word . Ginger lower the towel she 's wear enough to show the bump on she butt be now a twitching tail . brigitte gasp . ginger take this gauze and tie it flat . brigitte Ginger , you can not ginger do it ! brigitte take the roll of gauze . she grab the tail between she finger and coil it up with utter disgust . brigitte 's hand tremble . ext . girl bedroom - meanwhile / night Jason sit on the edge of Ginger 's bed and bounce up and down a bit . between he leg we glimpse a dog tag hang between the mattress . tnt girl bathroom - night brigitte tape the gauze in place . Ginger throw a robe on and grab the door . ginger now get outta my life . brigitte grit she tooth . brigitte I gotta get ready for the party . ginger then wait here till I be do . brigitte what , through all fifty a' they ? ginger oh , do not tempt I . Ginger take a deep breath before she open the bathroom door . her breath be rag . she smoothes she hair and chew she lip . she 's nervous . Ginger open the door and close it behind she . ginger snap - walton / July 22 , 1996 94 brigitte hear , jason ( o/s ) it 's really dark in here . ginger ( u1 ) I be shy . Lay down . brigitte put the toilet seat down and sit on it . brigitte light a smoke . brigitte withdraw the monkshood from under she shirt and have a good scratch where it be itching she . off -screen be the sound of slurp kiss and Jason 's moan . a fly unzip . clothes fall with soft plunk to the floor . bed spring creak . plastic condom wrapper crinkle and then the SNAP - whap of one be fitte on pretty roughly . somewhere above they the door bell start ringing . from a vanity cupboard she pull a Zombie face - painting kit and set it next to the monkshood . ext . fitzgerald bungalow -- night Cars be stream down the street in both direction . group of costume teenage boy flock down the walk , over lawn , and que up to get into the fitzgerald party . on they front porch , pamela and Henry meet and greet the young man , awed by they number . henry ( to pamela ) notice any girl ? pamela shrug . int . girl ' bathroom - meanwhile / night brigitte - now in zombie - face - rub the monkshood between she finger , crumble it into a neat pile on the counter . off -screen from the bedroom , the sound of Ginger have rough sex continue . brigitte peel a centimeter of paper off the end of a unlit smoke and wiggle the cigarette , create a second pile of tobacco . she reach into the radiator vent and withdraw a package of roll papers . ext . fitzgerald bungalow's rear - meanwhile ; / night ginger snap - walton / July 15 . 1996 95 one boy in a skeleton costume creep along the shrub toward the fitzgerald sister ' bedroom window . he stumble over a demon , a frankenstein and a mummy . they curse one another . int . girl ' bedroom - night off - screen , from the rec room part noise grow as thing get under way outside . Ginger wave good - bye to Jason as she undoe Frank 's shirt button . the bathroom door be now inching open a crack . int . girl ' bathroom - night on the counter at the sink , all evidence of brigitte 's project with the monkshood be go . brigitte peer out the crack door and then look away , fight a urge to watch in spite of be gross out . the sound of sex drift in from the bedroom . she catch sight of herself in the mirror . as a zombie . she tug she shirt tight over she breast . nothing to see . she smoothes she shirt with she hand , then move she palm down over she waist , she hip . over she crotch . brigitte 's finger skip under she skirt . brigitte 's face tell we she 's search for something under there . she 's try this out . but nothing 's happen . she frown . she draw she hand out of she skirt and quickly wash she hand in the sink . she check she watch and sigh . int . girl bedroom - night brigitte creep out of the bathroom on all four . above she , Ginger 's foot and some guy 's writhe on the bed . brigitte reach up to the bedroom door knob . she open it and crawl out . int . fitzgerald basement proper - night the rec room be pack with over - grow ghoul . pamela be try to play it cool from she perch behind the punch bowl , as she marvel at the costume and all this kid she 's never even . meet before . 96 Henry have a group of boy cornere with a college football story . brigitte lean against the wall watch the party and look at she watch . brigitte ( v/o ) in English I hear about this chick who use a man 's name to get she book read . she go by George but she be really Mary Ann ? go , " it 's never too late to be what you might have be . " I be jus ' there thinkin' , be that true ? be it too late to be a unsolve mystery ? all I have to do be walk away ... male voice ( o/s ) brigitte F .! brigitte look up to see a cheap plastic frankenstein mask look down at she . its owner flip it up : it 's Sam . brigitte 's eye snap wide open in shock . SAM they let I go . no evidence : someone call in this tip . brigitte ( v/o ) so I decide to stay . brigitte hey , you gotta get outta here -/ Ginger emerge from the bedroom like a reign diva , and the room stop dead . brigitte drop she glass of punch . Ginger have come out as herself , as a almost full - blow werewolf . she wear a lill Red Riding Hood cape jobbie and a plastic mask . she 's the best look monster you ever laid eye on . down she belly she have six perfect nipple show and everything . the room burst into a_cheerinq round of applause . gus . ' with 'ax in the head ' that make - up be amazing ! 97 guy with ' eye missing ' Ginger , it look totally real ! henry ( to pamela ) told you . she 's a art - type , for chrissake , look at that . pamela she 's very good , be not she ? SAM ( to brigitte ) wow , yer sister 's go to town . brigitte yeah , she 's go all right . hey. can you do I a favor ? SAM sure . brigitte can you give something ' to Ginger for I ? jus ' - we be navin ' a fight , but I get this thing for she . SAM yeah , what . brigitte show he what appear to be a joint . Sam take it . br ig itte do not tell she I give it to you . jus ' act like it 's from you . she will not take it if it 's from I . SAM oh , okay . br ig itte a , do not like , go any where with she . okay ? jus ' come right back , ' kay ? SAM gonna miss I bee F .? brigitte smile , embarrassed and freaking at the exact same time . SAM be right back . ginger snap - walton / July 15 . 1996 98 across the densely crowded room , Sam whisper in Ginger 's ear . Ginger smile and nod and palm something he pass she . Ginger glance at brigitte , who try to pretend she 's not watch . when brigitte check again , Ginger be lead Sam by the hand toward she bedroom . Sam look over he shoulder and lift a finger - one second - back at brigitte . the bedroom door shut behind they . brigitte leap toward the bedroom . someone catch she arm and hold she back . pamela one minute young lady , I could use a little help here . br I G itte let go of I , I have to get Ginger ! pamela I have to get two more veggie trays down that stair . I think you sister ' 11 be fine for two minute . pamela be already march brigitte up the stair . brigitte strain to get back . look between she mother and she close bedroom door , desperately . int . fitzgerald basement proper - minute later pamela snag brigitte again as brigitte dump the veggie tray and try to get to the bedroom . pamela all this boy come to see you two , least you can do be stop hide in you room . honestly , you act like someone would force this party down you throat . now go be nice . pamela stand between brigitte and the bedroom door , she arm fold . brigitte mother . you do not understand . pamela yes -- I do . I be shy too at you age . mingle . 99 brigitte back away with such a dirty look on she face . she turn to confront the eager paint face around she - all desperate for some female attention . brigitte have I want to scream write all over she face . int . girl bedroom - meanwhile / night Sam push Ginger away from he . Ginger have brigitte 's gift joint smolder between she finger tip . Ginger be pretty out of it , she totter . SAM okay , cut it out now . ginger this dope 's fuck . makin ' I blaarrggh . c'mon . I will do ya . SAM no thanks . told yer sister I would be right back . ginger what 's up you ass ?! SAM do not get mean , s'nothin ' personal . I happen to think brigitte 's pretty cool . and -/ ginger leave my baby sister alone . do I , do not hurt she . SAM I will not hurt she . now be a good girl and finish up you joint . ginger oh . well fuck you . Ginger take a big toke as she pace between Sam and the door . suddenly she 's cough uncontrollably , rub she eye , wail in pain . ginger Burning ! what be this ?! Sam make a move toward she and Ginger blindly lash out at he . Ginger hurl Sam into the bed . Sam 's flight path knock the mattress askew : dozen and dozen of dog collar pour out over he . Sam finger one in particular . 100 SAM morely -?! int . basement proper - night brigitte sit on the stair to the main floor cornere by a guy dress as a cow . brigitte ( v/o ) something be definitely fuck . brigitte eye pamela , who be slowly be distract by horny young man who will now dance with anybody , even pamela . cow guy do you think this be a faggy costume for a guy ? you can just say . I dunno I be gettin ' funny look . what , like we be not advanced enough that a guy can show up completely in the spirit of the thing with a udder , a ' not get treat like a freakin ' fruit ? brigitte look at she watch . pamela be drag off into the throng by a band of juvenile sing do the hustle . brigitte make she move at last . cow guy snob . brigitte make a badly - fake would - be casual bee-line for they bedroom door . brigitte wiggle the knob . it 's lock . tnt girl ' bedroom - night brigitte ( still a zombie ) unlock the door and peer in . the light be on in the bathroom , the door be ajar . the shower be run . there be a few candle burn in corner . otherwise the room be dark . brigitte step inside , close the door on the party behind she . she grab a flashlight and turn it on . the wall be splatter with blood . there be gore on the floor . brigitte pluck the monkshead joint from a pool of bloody goo - it be soak . useless . ginger snap - walton / July 22 , 1996 101 on the bed , Sam lay with he shirt off and he fly open . his face be mutilate . he 's miss a eye . brigitte creep toward he . Sam groan . brigitte leap back . she try to speak , but she voice be not work . her face transform from horror to fury . then she head to bathroom door . tnt . attached bath - night brigitte you bitch ! brigitte discover Ginger sit in the tub floor under the run shower , weep . her eye be swollen . Ginger be now cover in coarse hair . the water around she be full of blood . there be a kitchen knife next to she . Ginger 's stone numb on the monkshood dose . she 's groggy and weak . br ig itte oh fuck ! Ginger be squeezing she now full tail at its base , where the blood be ooze between she f..inger.s. Ginger have try - and tail - to euL she tail off . brigitte oh no . oh no . fuck , fuck ! Ginger do not move . Ginger look so pathetic , it 's heart - break . brigitte snatch the knife away and shut off the water . ginger nobody will want I now any way . sc. brigitte take in the cut , the rest of the monstrosity she sister have become . ginger I do not wanna do this any more . brigitte yank Ginger out of the tub and grab a towel , frantic . brigitte Press this on the cut ! Ginger ! move , c'mon ! ginger snap - walton / July 22 , 1996 1 02 Ginger do as she 's tell . brigitte dig out gauze and tape package . they be both almost empty - they have use it all up . brigitte throw they on the floor . ginger I miss you bee . I be sorry . brigitte search Ginger 's face . brigitte ginge ' ? that you in there ? Ginger crack a uncertain , pain smile . brigitte do too , a exact replica , in fact . ginger ya feeb . brigitte gently turn Ginger around to try and deal with she tail . Ginger be woozy and weak from blood loss . brigitte okay . I can not clean this one up . we have to go . like go , go . can you do it ? ginger I be so woozy . brigitte glance out into the bedroom . brigitte um . ever bite something you di not kill ? ginger no. ( misinterprete the question - hopeful ) wanna be one with I ? brigitte ah. no. Sam ? be not dead . ginger oooh nooo . brigitte do not worry . keep press . T will be right back . int girl ' bedroom - nigh 't ' 1 03 Sam be finger he wound , half - conscious , drool bile and blood . brigitte ( still a zombie ) loom up behind he with she baseball bat . she fish in he pants ' pocket and withdraw a set of key . brigitte hey . sorry . I really do think you be . like . not bad . so you know , whatever . any way . I be really sorry - I have to . Sam moan as he good eye roll up at she . brigitte blink away tear and look away , collect herself . brigitte raise the bat over she head and swing it down as int . fitzgerald basement proper - minute later the party be rock along . pamela knock on they door . pamela Girls ? you in there ? you be not be very sociable ... there 's no answer . she try the knob , and be surprised to find it unlock . she open the door . she turn on the light . pamela take in the bloody muck everywhere . the room be desert . no Sam . no sister fitzgerald . just gore . pamela swoon and drop like a deadweight to the floor . Henry rush up , look in over he wife 's body . the boy in costume crowd in behind he . henry pamela , honey , it 's just a prank , you know how they ... ( he finger some gore ) Holy mother of - it 's warm . where be my kid ?!! guy with ax in the head Ginger go in here with Sam McDonald a while back . henry Sam McDonald ? 104 guy with eye missing yeah , you know . the guy they think be the Beast , but they let ' im go . Henry step into the room . he spot a bloody trail up to the open ground - level window . ext fitzgerald home - night tire squeal in the street and the county regreen truck lurch out of its parking spot . int . truck - night brigitte ( still a zombie ) throw the truck into gear with a amateur 's hand . her adida bag and she jar of two dollar bill be on the seat next to she . Ginger be just see through the grate between the cab and the dark back of the truck . brigitte ( v/o ) plan , plan arc good . ' course I hardly have one . adrenaline though , adrenaline be pretty speedy shit . brigitte Ginger ?! do not eat the body okay ? I get this idea , a ' we will need Sam . brigitte floor it and the truck blast down they cul du sac to the main road . ext . street / traveling - night the truck speed down the street a tad erratical ly . siren rise around it . int . the truck - night brigitte slow , look leave , right and in the side mirror try to see where the siren be come from . brigitte fuck , fuck fuck , fuck . 105 then suddenly , four cop car blast past they in the opposite direction . head back to the fitzgerald house . brigitte ha ! all rightie then . brigitte drive on . what she cannot see behind she in the grate be the glimpsis of Ginger in the flicker light of the pass street lamp . her final spurt of transformation be take place : flash ! her face be fill in with fur . flash ! her eye glow golden , yellow , wolfen . flash ! her face pull into a wet snout . flash ! a long pink tongue loll out between glisten white fang . ext . the hillcrest - night the truck roll to the crest of the hill over Bailey downs - the sight of the bush party . the moon be immense up here . you could almost touch it . int . the truck - night brigitte ease the truck to the edge of the hill . the light of the home below they creep into view . brigitte okay , Ginger ? they will think that Sam take we from we room , right ? ' Cause of he record a , the arrest , right ? we be gonna make this look like he do , any way . he get we , maybe kill we , take we body to do some unspeakable thingy . but then ? Sam kill himself . you follow ? Ginger do not answer . 106 brigitte so boom , diversion . meanwhile you a , I hit the highway . we can hitch , get you clean up . by the time the find out we be not in Sam 's clutches at all , we could be any where . yeah ? whatcha think ? Ginger do not answer . brigitte it will work . ( I hope . ) brigitte put the brake on but do not cut the engine . ext . the truck / hillcrest - night brigitte climb out of the cab . she move to the back door of the truck , and open they . in the inky darkness inside , she hear heavy panting . brigitte Ginger ? c'mon , we get move . shove Sam down here . brigitte climb up into the truck , reach for something on its floor . brigitte for itid Sam 's prone foot . a animal / Ginger launch out at she , knock she back , out , clear of the truck . Ginger be not Ginger any more - what we can glimpse in the darkness be a attack by a creature much like the one that bit Ginger . and it 's attack brigitte . brigitte flail , kick and punch at it . she break free and clamber at the tool rack on the inside panel of the truck . she grab a shovel as the creature come snarling up at she . brigitte stop . I mean it . it lunge at she again and brigitte clock it . it slide , daze , off the back of the truck to the ground . jump to : brigitte drag Sam 's body into the front seat . she set she adida bag on the gas pedal . she release the brake . the truck roll forward . off the top of the hill . brigitte watch as it crash down , down , roll and twist into the suburb below . it land in a heap and burst into flame . 107 brigitte Nice one . brigitte return to where it / Ginger be last see on the ground . the shovel and blanket be there . a bloody pool trail off into the wood . brigitte heft the shovel warily , shoulder the blanket , and follow the wetness shine in the moonlight . int . tree / hillcrest - night brigitte fuck Ginger . leave a fuckin ' trail much ? could leave everybody a fuckin ' map ... tense second pass as she search through the scrub and tree , shovel ready . we can hear panting and growl . brigitte I will not hurt you if you do not hurt I . ' Kay ? ginge ' ? ' Kay ? brigitte spot something ahead and lower the shovel as she approach it . it / Ginger cower in the brush , collapse . her head and tail be bleed . brigitte drop to she knee nest to she sister , frantic with grief . brigitte oh no . Ginger . I do not mean to it / Ginger be gasp , fade . her eye start roll back in she head . brigitte 's hand be shaking as it reach out but can not touch she . Ginger lick brigitte 's finger , slowly . brigitte bury she face in Ginger 's ruff , moan . brigitte you can not , you can not , we be out . you can not , do not do not do this to I . not now . look , look it 's all take care of . we be unsolved Mystery ! ext . a highway - pre-dawn the sunrise have the sky this bloody red . 108 brigitte drag Ginger a few foot past a sign next to the road : thank you for visiting bailey downs ! brigitte ( v/o ) we make it out . there be this road ? a ' the space between here and where ever . I do it . brigitte open the blanket . Ginger have return to human form . because Ginger be dead . ext . a highway - early morning in a small grove of tree , brigitte push the last pile of dirt over Ginger 's shallow grave . brigitte wipe she cake hand off in the dewy grass . beneath the dirt and dry blood , she find puncture wound . bite . brigitte look to camera . she roll she eye wearily . brigitte stand and head to the side of the road . a semi appear on the horizon , come she way . brigitte lift she thumb . the semi 's turn indicator come on as it slow and veer to arrive before she . roll tail credit as : excerpts from a episode of the television program unsolved mystery roll . it tell the story of the mysterious disappearance of two teenage girl - sister - who disappear under strange circumstance in the normally quiet suburb of Bailey downs . brigitte and Ginger look -a-like re-enact the summarize event of they flight from justice . the cop figure out they fake death , of course .. Henry and pamela have reportedly deny comment . it be see from the community 's perspective as two delusional young woman go totally wrong , a grotesque tragedy of youth waste by mental illness . no one can explain though the non-human blood trail leave the scene of they last crime ... at the segment 's close and the credit roll . out , we see the traditional high school photo of brigitte and Ginger . 1 09 voice of unsolved mystery brigitte and Ginger fitzgerald be consider armed and dangerous . if you see this two young woman , or have any information on they whereabouts , please contact crimestopper , or you local detachment of the rcmp . the eerie show theme song wash over we as we fade to black . the end