girl trip by kenya barris & Tracy Oliver current revision by Karen mccullah official White 6-15-16 fade in : over black we hear the voice of ryan pierce : ryan ( v.o. ) every group of friend have that one song -- off this , Mary J blige 's '' Real Love ( remix ) drop . int . frat house - night - flashback 1 smash into : a 90 's college party in full swing . we find four black girl push and shove they way to the dance floor . ryan ( v.o. ) that no matter where you be or what you be do , pull you out you seat . that be I and my crew : the flossy posse . the flossy posse tear it down with dance that 's all they own . no guy . just they . party -goer stare and point , but this girl do not give a shit . ryan ( v.o. ) I know . trust I : what you swore be fly back in the day probably be not either . but that be -- and still be -- my girl , think we be the baddest chick in the game ... ext . courtyard - day - flashback 2 graduation Day . we girl take photo in they cap and gowns , which have be bedazzle with ' flossy posse 's logo . ryan ( v.o. ) definitely the baddest chick at spelman . after college , we be with each other through everything . ext . outdoor cafe - night 3 sasha show off she byline on the cover of time Magazine . the other lady toast . ryan ( v.o. ) success ... official White 6-15-16 2. int . planned parenthood - day —- flashback 4 sasha , Ryan and Lisa sit in the wait room -- ominous std poster be on the wall . ryan ( v.o. ) mistake ... dina burst out of the door of the doctor 's office giddy , arm in the air , signal victory . dina it 's chlamydia ! I get the shit you can cure ! they all cheer . ext . botanical garden - day - flashback 5 ryan , gorgeous in she wedding gown , say she vow to stewart in a story - book perfect wedding ceremony . ryan ( v.o. ) wedding ... the girl wear bridesmaid gowns and necklace shape like '' fp . '' they all dab they eye as Ryan and Stewart kiss . ext . lisa 's house - day - flashback 6 Lisa 's baby shower . the flossy posse watch a very pregnant Lisa open gift . her man look disinterested as he drink a beer in the background . Lisa clock it , but play it off . ryan ( v.o. ) Babies ... int . courtroom lobby - day 7 the lady wait , somber . Lisa exit the courtroom , wiping away tear . they embrace she and walk out . ryan ( v.o. ) divorce ... we be ride or die . insert : a photo montage 8 the flossy posse at essence fest over the year with a chyron indicate each pass year . 10 official White 6-15 -16 3. ryan ( v.o . ) but sometimes , word go unsaid . disagreement go unresolved . you still talk on the phone , keep up on social media , but a year go by where you do not see each other . that year turn into five . life do not feel right without they . and that 's when you realize the flossy posse need to ride again . we end on the last essence photo , date 2012 and CUT to : int . warehouse photo shoot - day - present day 9 ryan pierce , 30 , beautiful , poise , and perfectly put together , strike pose as a photographer snap picture and a female print reporter interview she . ryan Relationships take work . we biggest challenge as woman be find the balance of marriage , career , kid , life in general -- female print reporter I agree ! ryan we be tell we have to choose between the personal and the professional . but I never believe that . I control my own destiny . I be strong , I be powerful , I be beautiful . if I will it , I can have it all . female print reporter and it appear you do . reveal Ryan 's handsome husband stewart pierce , 30 , she equal in every way . he step in with a loving embrace for he wife . int . radio station - day 10 a dj be in mid-interview with Ryan and Stewart . dj Stewart , how do a former all - pro tight - end link up with the second come of Oprah ? 11 official White 6-15-16 stewart Ryan 's strength have always be make other they best selve . I know I need that in my life . ( look at she ) so , I pursue she and I get lucky . ryan he sure do . everyone laugh . she look at he with love . ryan no . I have say we both do . int . tv studio - day a national news show -- Ryan and Stewart be be interview by tamron hall . tamron so Ryan , how do he propose ? ryan with barbecue . tamron ( surprised ) Excuse I ? stewart it be this little hole in the wall spot off campus with some serious pull pork . we favorite spot when we do not have any money . ryan he tell I he do not know where he football career would take he , but that it would not mean anything if I be not along for the ride . tamron hall wow . tell we -- what be the secret to make this marriage work ? stewart that 's easy . I marry my best friend . Ryan be my equal . my partner . 11 12 official White 6-15-16 ryan he tell I -- and I will never forget -- he want I to soar as high as I could . on tamron 's face , swoon as she gesture to they book : '' you can have it all '' . a photo of Stewart kissing Ryan 's cheek be the cover . tamron hall and soar you have . a best -sell author for the second time . now for we viewer at home , you can purchase Ryan 's latest New York Times best seller , '' you can have it all , '' online or catch they on tour - - what 's you next stop ? ryan New Orleans . we will be signing copy down at essence fest . stewart and Ryan will be give this year 's keynote address . that alone be worth the trip . guaranteed 17 tamron hall speak of have it all -- when be you two start a family ? you have make such beautiful baby and be fantastic parent . ryan trust I , tamron , it 's on the agenda . Ryan smile at Stewart . he wink back . it 's adorable . int . loft - day we're on Ryan and Stewart 's smile face on a flat screen . journalism award adorn the wall . reveal sasha franklin , 30' , whip smart and in charge . her desk be cover in past 12 due bill . she watch the Ryan and Stewart interview on one laptop and tmz on another , phone to she ear . sasha you do not have anything for I ? not even some Nicki minaj or kardashian foolishness ? official White 6-15 -16 6 . another phone ring . she knock over the frame photo of she hold up she time Magazine cover as she reach for it . sasha I ’1l1 call you back . ( then ; into second phone ) Bill , hey ... I know why you be call . she put the call on speaker . advertising rep ( 0.s. ) we be pull we ad unless you up you view , sasha . on she laptop we see she blog -- sasha 's secret . a headline read steve harvey -- illiterate or just ignorant ? be above a photo of steve harvey look confound as he read he note card at the miss USA pageant . she scroll through the site as we see gossip tidbit about black celeb , none of they flatter . sasha I have it on the dl that drake be smash Oprah . it 's not something that I can publish right now ... sasha know she 's bullshit and so do the ad rep . advertising rep ( 0.c . ) unless you have proof -- we can not spend any more money on a die gossip blog , sasha . sasha I can not invent scandal , but I be go to essence fest this weekend . someone 's bound to do something crazy . advertising rep ( 0.s. ) increase view by the end of the weekend or we pull out . sasha come on , Bill . do not be premature ! the line go dead . sasha hang up , frustrated . out the corner of she eye , she see she BMW be hook up to a tow truck outside . sasha no ! no , no , no , no !!! 13 official White 6-15 -16 7 . ext . loft - day - moment later 13 a out of breath sasha run up to a gross , sweaty tow truck driver , hook up she car to he truck . sasha that 's my car ! tow truck driver not anymore , bae bae . sasha dude , come on , I need my car ! tow truck driver yeah , I feel you , but the bank ' need 's they money . sooo , you know . the tow truck Driver continue hook up sasha 's car . sasha be desperate . sasha what if we could work something out ? you look like a man who appreciate a woman with curve . tow truck driver oh , I do ... if you let I tie you up , strip you down , and then take a shit on you titty , I be one hundred percent in . sasha ( stunne ) who think that ? let alone say it . fuck that , you nasty ass be out of control . I will take uber . tow truck driver suit you self . good luck gettin you whip back , bae-bae . he hop in he truck . as he drive off , sasha scream -- sasha wait , what if I whip out a titty ? will you settle for a titty ?! sasha watch , frustrated , as he pull off with she car . a 12 - year -old boy ride by on he bike , stop . 12-year-old boy whatever you be sell ? I be buyin . 14 official White 6-15-16 8. int . total paper - ted 's office - day 14 dina , 30 , hot tempere and always look for a cause to fight ( justified or not ) , sit across from she boss , ted , 5as , stern - face and full of disappointment . ted dina , throw stapler at co - worker be not only frown upon here at total Paper , it 's also illegal . it 's a form of assault . dina that 's why I aim for he lower body and not he face . ted not the point . you be lucky vikram decide not to press charge . dina and he 's lucky I aim low . so we be both lucky . all good . ted ( sighing ) dina , I be go to have to let you go . for everyone 's safety . I hope you understand . dina shrug this off . she do not understand . dina totally . wo not happen again . we be all cool . ted dina , listen to I . we be not all cool . I be let you go . dina okay , okay , I feel you , Big Ted . it 's water under the bridge . gonna get back to work . ted dina . there 's no bridge and you should not get back to work . now , please acknowledge you understand that you be fire . dina Ted , I get it . you be upset . I should not throw thing in a ... ( more ) 15 official White 6-15 -16 9 . dina ( cont 'd ) ( use air quote ) '' place of work '' . ted why be you make air quote ? this be a place of work . dina stand . dina lesson learn . by the way ? I be go to essence fest with my girl this weekend . so I be gonna need Friday off . ted dina , you can have all the day off . you be fire . as in you do not have a job . do you understand I ? dina yep , see you bright and early Tuesday . so glad we do this , Ted . I feel like this be progress . dina exit . a bang - up vikram spot she in the hallway and run in the other direction . fluster , Ted call after she . ted dina ! do not make I call security ! int . lisa' house - day 15 lisa cooper , 30 , type a , no nonsense , wear nurse 's scrub , review a very detailed list . lisa here 's they schedule : bath time , snack time , homework time , ten minute of tv , bed time . delore , 60 , watch family feud , barely listen to Lisa . delore Steve harvey could get it on the Lord 's day . while I be at church . lisa Mom ! focus ! delore will you calm down ?! I have raise kid before . ( more ) official White 6-15-16 10 . delore ( cont 'd ) ( then , be : Lisa ) although not without they issue . lisa you know what ? forget it . I be stay . I can not take a chance on they deviate from they bed time . before delore can protest in walk dina , shade and mardi gras bead on , blast lil Wayne from she phone . lisa how would you get in here ? dina fuck a lock door . you ready to get turnt ? lisa I can not go . there 's just too much go on -- dina nope. nope . nope . delore for once I agree with dina . delore call out into the hallway . delore Austin ! riley ! come say goodbye to you Mom ! she 's go off to have fun so she will not be so grouchy all the time . Lisa give she mom a look as austin , 6 , and riley , 4 , run in . Lisa kneel down , pull they into a tight , dramatic hug . lisa do not let meemaw let you stay up late . and do not forget how much I love you . dina bitch , you be not go off to war . dina grab Lisa 's bag and walk out . Lisa still hug they . delore go ! I beg you ! we will be fine . Lisa reluctantly release they , start toward the door . dina wait on the porch . official White 6-15-16 11 . dina be you seriously wear scrub ? you get on granny panty too ? ( look at she foot ) oh , shit ! clog ?? be that you new birth control ? 16 int . television studio - day 16 Ryan and Stewart gather they belonging . they agent , elizabeth davelli , 40s , crude and ballsy as hell , walk in . elizabeth as usual , you guy fuck kill it ! and I be not the only one who think so ... stewart be you go to tell we who else think so ? elizabeth Jesus , you have no patience for dramatic revelation , do you ? Fine . bethany Marshall , the head of marketing at calmart think so ! and ... Ryan hang on she word . excite . ryan just tell we ! elizabeth they want to launch a exclusive '' Ryan and Stewart '' collection and underwrite a '' Ryan and Stewart '' talk show . Ryan scream , hugging Elizabeth . ryan be you kid I ? stewart ( stunne ) that 's -- amazing ! elizabeth she say , and I quote , '' they be just so real . '' she and she biz affair team be fly down to New Orleans this weekend to make the ( more ) official White 6-15 - 16 12 . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) offer . they want to launch the line by the end of the year -- Ryan look at Stewart , over the moon . ryan Stewart , this be -- stewart -- incredible ! everything we have talk about . he kiss she lovingly . then check he watch . stewart ( cont 'd ) damn -- better head out if I be go to make my flight . i’1l catch you and the lady later . ryan yes , you will ! elizabeth bye , big guy . Elizabeth hug Stewart . a little too long . it 's awkward , but you can not blame she . he exude sexuality and manliness . as he go , Elizabeth look at Ryan . elizabeth do not hate I , but -- be you sure you still want to have a wild weekend with you girl , when so much be hang on the line ? can not you just close the deal and take they to St. Bart 's next month ? buy they all birkin bag ? ryan Elizabeth , it will be fine -- we be all adult . we wild day be behind we . most of we ... elizabeth you be sure ? because if I go to New Orleans for a weekend with my college friend , there would be picture of we tit all over the internet . if I be be honest , there 's a few of that already , but you tit be best -sell author tit ... 17 official White 6-15-16 13 . ryan what 's the title of my book , Elizabeth ? elizabeth ( rotely ) '' you can have it all '' . ryan that 's right . elizabeth Fine -- I trust you judgement . and I can not wait to meet '' the flossy posse . '' you guy be go to be keekee - ing all weekend . girl , bye . ryan Liz -- and I say this out of love -- do yourself a favor this weekend and refrain from say '' sistas '' , '' bye , Felicia '' , '' ratchet '' or any other urban colloquialism you may think be appropriate . they be not . elizabeth ( beat ) wow . I be not even offended . that 's why you be ryan-fuck - pierce and you be go to be rich . go have you hashtag Black girl Magic weekend . ps . which one 's Felicia ? Ryan shake she head , smile , and walk out . elizabeth ( call after ) be I allow to say '' hello '' to she ? int . airport terminal gate - day 17 Lisa and dina sit at the gate as Lisa dig through she knapsack . lisa I have get we cover for the plane ride : anti-nausea medication , hand - santizer , hazmat mask , earplug . only have one blanket though . you know how many germ be in a airline blanket ? dina frown at she scrub . official White 6-15-16 dina be not nurse suppose to be sexy ? fishnet and cleavage and sponge bath and whatnot ? lisa yes , in porn . not in the real world . this might be why you have trouble keep a job . dina I stay employ , judge Judy . Lisa pop a anti-nausea pill and put she mask in place . dina you need to relax . I get some bomb ass cush if you wanna take a hit before we board . shit will get you right . lisa wait , how do you -- actually , nevermind , I do not want to know . dina good , ' cause I be not tell . but I will give you a hint : where the sun do not shine . lisa definite pass then . you think there will be any drama with Ryan and sasha . it 's be long enough , right ? dina better be . I come here to get white girl waste . I be not let any of you bitch kill my vibe . a smile Ryan roll up behind they . ryan Excuse I ... can you lady point I to the '' flossy posse '' ? lisa dina Ryan ! my nigga . Ryan give Lisa and dina big hug . official White 6-15-16 15 . ryan I be so happy to see you two !! sasha ( 0.s. ) hey lady ! they all turn to see sasha roll up , expensive outfit . the picture of confidence and success . sasha hug Lisa and dina , full of love and excitement . sasha I have miss you guy ! they pull apart . sasha turn to Ryan . a awkward beat . then they hug , the barely touch kind . ryan look at you , girl ! life be treat you well . sasha please . I see you and stew pop up on my feed once a week go to some fabulous event . Lisa and dina pick up on the '' nice - nasty '' vibe . lisa ( sotto ) this be not weird , right ? dina ( sotto ) shiiit . this bitch plastic . Lisa pull out four bedazzle flossy posse vest from she bag to break the tension . lisa okay , check it out . I make this just for the occasion ! the vest look like something old lady in Atlantic City would wear to keep track of each other in the casino . dina bitch , I think I tell you to push that sewing machine off you roof . lisa what ? they be fashionable ... sasha ... in a kanye sorta way , sure . 18 official White 6-15-16 16 . ryan how ' bout we save they for the last night ? sasha or the flight home ? dina or this recycle bin over here . lisa you know what ? y’all do not deserve they ... the girl laugh . Lisa pout , put the vest away . as they hug she in good fun . int . plane - day 18 we lady sit in first class , which be all black except for a terrify elderly white couple , 70' . elderly white woman I do not understand . I think this be first class . sasha , sit next to a mask and blanket cover Lisa spray she arm with insect repellent . sasha give she a look . lisa I be just say . we all have to be mindful . when that Zika swarm hit you want to prepare . sasha do not make I trade seat . lisa you want half my sandwich ? sasha you still vegan ? lisa uh-huh . sasha then no . a flight attendant tend to Ryan and dina . Ryan nod , official White 6-15-16 17 . flight attendant what can I get you , ms pierce ? ryan vodka tonic , splash of cranberry . dina oh shit , I see you Ryan ! get the party start ! this shit be free , right ? embarrassed . dina snap she finger , excited . dina ( cont 'd ) heyyy . in that case , let I holler at three whiskey shot and a coke to chase that shit . Coke zero , though , I be watch my figure . actually , do you have cherry Coke ? flight attendant ma ’am , you know this flight be only a hour , right ? dina oh , right . good lookin 's out . so let I get that three shot now . then hit I with a shot of Bailey 's when we reach we cruise altitude ... the Flight attendant scurries off . dina ( cont 'd ) and do not forget my cherry Coke ! ryan dina , can we turn it down a notch ? dina girl , please . we about to descend on the Crescent City to celebrate Black womanhood in all its form . from the elegant to the ratchet . ( she get up ) who here go to essence fest ?! nearly all of the plane affirm . elderly white woman we be not . her husband , slightly deaf , be confuse . official White 6-15-16 18 . elderly white man be we be hijacked ? dina lady , we be not turn down shit !! be I right ? the plane full of woman affirm it . sasha laugh . dina 's crazy but that 's they girl . lisa dina ! sit down ! dina grab the tray of shot from the flight attendant flight attendant ma’ be - — dina it 's alright , girl . I get this . get we some more patron shot next . I get everyone in here . the Flight attendant be miff but go back . dina pass out shot to sasha , Lisa and the rest plane sing '' I be every woman . '' the rest of the plane join in . Ryan exchange smile with sasha and Lisa who sing and clap along . sasha whip out she selfie stick . sasha alright , lady ! on three ... sasha count down as the girl lean in and snap they first trip pic . right then Lisa projectile vomit . dina told you to get that kush . a brass band version of Bill wither 's '' Lovely Day '' drop kick off a montage of photo and handheld video : 19 ext . new orlean airport - day 19 a plane land . 20 int . new orlean airport upper level - day 20 the lady roll through the airport with they luggage , essence signage and a jazz band greet they . 21 22 23 24 official White 6-15-16 19 . dina the flossy posse be back , nxawlins ! a limo driver with a ipad that say '' flossy posse '' on it greet they as well . ext . airport curbside - day 21 the lady ceremoniously enter the limo , like royalty , act silly and have fun . int . limo / suburban suv - day 22 the lady toast with champagne as they drive past the Superdome , head downtown to the french Quarter . ext . bourbon STREET - day 23 Public drunkenness . hurricane and Hand grenade in hand . drove of fine - ass men and beautiful , shapely women in all shade of brown . they limo pull up and they hop out to join other reveler dance to the brass band that play '' Lovely Day '' . the lady strike a pose . sasha snap a picture and post it to social media , # essence fest # flossyposse # sashashecret . dina dry-hump a human statue who stay in character and do not move . they wave to man on wrought- iron balcony who dangle bead . Ryan listen to a sweet elderly man play a washboard with spoon . ext . bourbon STREET - day 24 sasha get distract from she social media trolling on she phone and look up to see a Zip -line strung up between balcony on opposite side of the street . a White frat guy whoops and holler as he soar above they . sasha now that be some white boy shit right there . they need to keep that for mardi gras and let we have ours . dina walk up with four hand grenade . official White 6-15-16 20 . dina four extra large hand grenade ! lisa dina , I ask for wine . dina bitch , I have see you put grain alcohol in a slurpee . before noon . sasha for real . if g-string daytona - Beach Lisa meet granny -big - draw Lisa -- ryan right ? girl , you use to shut club down back in college . lisa that be before two tiny human rip through my vagina and suck the life from my tit . my ' booty poppin on a handstand 's day be over . dina how long 's it be since you get that back blow out ? Lisa shrug . lisa two year , maybe ? they all gasp , stunne . ryan since terrence ? lisa honestly , I do not even think about it . I take a vigorous spin class , read some erotica and I manage . sasha this be unacceptable . you be get some this weekend . dina straight up , you be not leave here without at least two dick inside you . official White 6-15-16 21 . ryan okay , let 's not go crazy -- but as you therapist -- I prescribe penis . a group of woman fan spot Ryan and rush up . women fan can we take a picture with you ? ryan sure ! they each get they autograph and selfie as the flossy posse stand off to the side . sasha be noticeably envious . dina damn , this shit gonna happen all weekend ? it 's like travel with beyonce . lisa aww , leave she alone . Ryan be do she thing . proud of she . sasha grumble as a email alert come up on she phone . subject : exclusive scoop . sasha open it , excited , then -- sasha the fuck -- lisa what 's the matter -- ? ( see the alert ) oh my God ! dina what y’all trip about ? ( take a look ) ahhh hell naw -- on sasha 's phone : a photo of stewart kissing another woman . lisa that can not be -- sasha enlarge the photo . it 's undeniably Stewart . dina I ’ma beat . this . nigga 's . ass ! official White 6-15-16 22 . sasha that 's definitely Stewart 's punk ass . and that be definitely not Ryan he 's tonguing down . lisa oh my God , poor Ryan -- dina where would you get this ?! sasha my paparazzi guy send it to I . dina who be this bitch ? sasha ( recognize she ) Simone . no last name . some instagram ho . I hear she suck off a- Rod in a bathroom stall once . sasha show Simone 's latest instagram photo . simone , 20 , be amber Rose -salacious and sexy . lisa I hate she ! but damn -- look at that ass ! be that real ? you do not get that with just squat , do you ? dina you ass - envy be about on my last nerve . sasha oh shit -- the bitch be here ! the photo be tag at essence fest . dina eat a Dick Simone be here ? lisa we have to tell Ryan . dina sasha , go handle that . sasha why do I have to be the one ? dina it 's you picture , ho ! 25 official White 6-15-16 23. the woman look over at Ryan who pose with some little girl . lisa she 's have such a great time ! we have get to be really delicate about how we tell she . sasha agreed . dina fuck that . do it like a brazilian wax . it will sting , shock and maybe make she scream , but it 'il be better than waterboard the bitch . lisa no . wait until we get to the room . ryan ( walk up ) wooo . oh my God . I forget how hot it be here . please tell I y’all ready to head to the hotel ? sasha stashes she phone . Lisa give dina '' not now '' eye . sasha / dina / lisa sure / yeah / let 's go . ext . bourbon STREET —- day - moment later 25 Ryan be all smile as they walk bourbon Street link arm with sasha and Lisa who look like deer in headlight . dina be intense . ryan we have get a great suite at the monteleone , VIP pass to all the party , great seat at the Superdome for New edition , maxwell , babyface ... and we be go to eat ! damn the calory . sasha / lisa / dina yup / sound great / be some happy , fat bitch ... ryan now , I have get some obligation , but this weekend be all about the flossy posse re-connection . that 's ( more ) 26 official White 6-15-16 ryan ( cont 'd ) what a girl trip be all about : stay up late , drink and make memory that we can laugh about the rest of we life . sasha / lisa / dina yolo ! / amen / might kill somebody . ryan ( do she hear correctly ? ) and gossip ! I want to catch up on everything you three have not be share on the phone . no secret . want all the dirt --! dina can not take it anymore , blurt out -- dina bitch , you man 's fuck a instagram skank ! 24 . Ryan stop walk , stunne . sasha and Lisa give dina a look . lisa you have to say something ? dina that be a open . that 's God at work ! recognize . ryan what 's go on ? sasha come on -- sasha and Lisa pull Ryan into the nearest bar . dina follow . dina ( mutter ) shit . you do not want I tell something , do not tell I ... int . bourbon STREET bar - day - continuous a crowded bar full of day-drinker . sasha show Ryan the photo . Ryan silently swallow . sasha Ryan , I do not know what to say ... lisa we be all here for you , ry . 26 official White 6-15-16 25 . dina do not worry boo , I ’ma lay hand on he for you . hot grit , extension cord , timberland heel . I ’ma go in ! the lady brace for a insane reaction . Ryan look up from the photo . she 's surprisingly calm . ryan I have know about this for a few month now . the lady 's jaw drop . the fuck ?! ryan obviously , I be upset when I find out , but we be in counseling and we be work through it . lisa oh. well , that 's great . you be work it out . ryan Stewart and I be a team . he make some mistake , but that 's in the past . sasha no , it 's not , this picture be take two day ago ! ryan sasha . I be do talk about it . sasha but -- ryan guy , I mean what I say out there : this weekend be about we . we have not hang in five year . and by the grace of God we be here . together . let 's make the most of it because if we do not take advantage of this precious time , shame on we . today be the last day we will be this young . dina she just fuck I up with that . official White 6-15-16 26 . ryan now , let 's get out of here ! flossy posse 's back in n’awlins ! let 's go ! dina let 's roll , bitch . as Lisa and dina head out , sasha pull Ryan back . sasha hold on . I hear everything you be say . and I be down . but you can not just pretend this picture do not exist . it 's only a matter of time before the photographer shop it . it 's all fair game in journalism . ryan journalism ? be that what this be ? sasha give she a look . Ryan concede . ryan what do you think I should do ? sasha let I find out if anyone else have it . and if not , you let I leak the photo . ryan be you crazy ?! calmart want to make a deal for a Ryan and Stewart brand . I can not have picture of he kissing another woman on you site ! sasha hear I out . if I leak it , we can get in front of the story . we can steer the conversation instead of tmz . this way , you and I find a angle to minimize the damage . Ryan hate that this be what she life have become . ryan the deal should close this weekend . can it wait until Monday ? sasha I ' 1l look into it , but probably . ryan okay . thanks , sash . 27 28 official White 6-15 -16 27 . sasha sure . Ryan exit . after a beat , sasha follow . int . the monteleone - lobby & front desk - day 27 the lady enter a classy hotel lobby thoroughly impressed . ryan I will go check we in . go check out the carousel bar , it 's so cute . Ryan go to check in while Lisa , sasha , and dina head for the carousel bar . int . carousel bar & lounge - day 28 Lisa , sasha , and dina enter the carousel bar , which rotate like a actual carousel . dina damn . this be the shit . lisa wow ... sasha it 's aight . Little stuffy for my taste . if I have know I could have get we a suite at the W . before they can question sasha 's haterade Lisa notice Stewart in the restaurant eat with marion , late 5as . lisa oh , hey there 's Stewart . ( then , remember ) oh. asshole . dina can barely contain she anger . sasha take notice . sasha dina , look at I . do not make a scene . you hear Ryan . be cool . dina oh , I be go be real cool . just gonna say hey , that 's all -- dina take off she earring . official White 6-15-16 28 . lisa dina , it 's not we business . we need to respect Ryan 's wish . dina mmmhmmm . hold this . she hand the earring to Lisa and plow toward Stewart . Lisa and sasha run after she . lisa / sasha dina , no !!! drake 's '' 0 to 100 '' drop . the lady watch , horrify , as dina clear the entire table . food and drink spill everywhere . Stewart stand , piss , glare at dina . stewart what the hell be wrong with you ? dina you know , nigga ! do not play I ! dina grab a empty bottle off a adjacent table , break it , and move to hit he , but sasha pull she back . sasha dina , no ! dina I will end you . you and you little thirsty ass , wannabe MILF , hood rat , side tossup ho ! ( to marian ) you get on knee - pad under they slack , slurpee ? stewart dina , this be my aunt marion ! dina yeah ? well , listen up , auntie : yo nephew be nasty . sasha grab dina , pull she away . the entire lounge eye they . Lisa awkwardly stand with Stewart and marian . lisa ( to marian ) that 's a beautiful suit . navy be such a beautiful color on you . really bring out you eye . 29 official White 6-15-16 29 . marian uh ... thank you . I guess . lisa well , nice meeting you . please resume you meal . ( beat ) and for what it 's worth , I be very disappointed in you Stewart . very . Lisa cross back to sasha who have calm dina down . the entire lounge eye they . int . monteleone - lobby - continuous 29 a security guard approach dina . security guard I be gonna need you to leave the premise immediately . lisa it 's fine . we have get everything under control now . security guard ( be dina ) she 's hold a break pellegrino bottle . Lisa carefully take the break bottle from dina 's hand . Ryan run up to they , at a loss to what just happen . ryan what the hell happen ?! I be go for three minute ! sasha it happen really quickly . lisa like a summer sunset . it be bright and beautiful , then suddenly get very , very dark . Ryan turn to the guard . ryan Sir , I apologize for my friend , but I can assure you everything 's fine now . 30 official White 6-15-16 30 . right then , Stewart approach . he point at dina , speak only to the guard -- stewart dina , you be lucky my aunt be hard of hearing . dina and you lucky I do not carry a straight edge anymore . security guard Mr pierce , we be in the process of remove this woman right now . stewart if that 's you policy then I understand . Ryan be incredulous at Stewart . the security guard move in . dina okay , okay , I be go . just give I one second . the security wait a beat . dina reel back and OPEN hand slap the dog shit out of stewart . dina ( cont 'd ) alright , now I be ready . the guard escort dina outside . Lisa and sasha follow . stewart you girl need a leash . Stewart begin to exit . Ryan want to reply badly , but consider the eye on they now she think differently , grab he arm and interlock it to walk with he ryan ( with a smile ) you room . now . they head toward the elevator . int . stewart 's HOTEL suite - day - moment later 30 Stewart exit the bedroom put on a crisp new shirt . he 's casual cool like this discussion be routine . Ryan be also very matter of fact in she tone . official White 6-15-16 31 . ryan be you kid I ? you say you end this shit . now there 's a picture ? stewart my bad , babe . ryan my bad ? you do not burn dinner . you sloppy ass get catch suck face with some instagram ho . and the bitch be here ? stewart I do not invite she . ryan so ? you need to send that genetically enhance ass home . stewart come on , babe . how be I suppose to do that ? ryan the same way you tell she to come get dick : text , dm , call , tweet . stewart ( pull out he phone ) done . ryan you be really go to do it right in front of I ? stewart try to be pro-active . ryan you know what ? I can not do this . this be bullshit . this have not be a marriage in awhile , but we agree to at least be a partnership . you trifling ass can not hold up you end of the bargain . let alone you pants . this be against everything I tell my reader and follower -- yet I be put up with it . stewart Ryan , I be sorry . I mess up . it will not happen again . Real talk . ( more ) official White 6-15-16 32 . stewart ( cont 'd ) you be right : you do not deserve this . but we brand be who we be . it 's who you be . give all that up because I be sloppy be not worth all that you have work very hard to accomplish . and for what ? to have that crumble ? to be alone ? Ryan look at he with disdain , but what he say resonate . stewart ( cont 'd ) ry , I be not go anywhere . you know that . let 's just keep do we dance and handle we business . be that couple who have it all . you know you love I ... ryan no more slip-up . stick to the plan . and keep you ho under control . stewart done . Stewart reach he hand out to shake hers . Ryan eye he and reluctantly reciprocate . 31 int . monteleone - lobby - day - moment later 31 Ryan walk up to sasha and Lisa , hold she head high . lisa you okay ? ryan I be fine . so where be we ? sasha dina 's not allow back in . she 's out front , wait for we . 32 ext . monteleone - day 32 dina sulk talk to passer by . dina do not even go in . they trip . official White 6-15-16 33 . 33 int . monteleone - lobby - day 33 ryan then we will just get another hotel . sasha I have call . all the four and five star be book . ryan you know what ? I come here to have fun with my girl , not hang out in the hotel . let 's do this ! 34 int . empress STAR HOTEL - later 34 the dirtiest , shittiest motel room ever . sasha I be think there 's be a few chalk outline on this floor . ryan oh , someone 's definitely be murder here . Lisa pull clorox wipe from she bag and wipe everything . lisa just do not let you bare skin touch anything . dina no mini-bar ? the fuck ? I feel like that one-star be mad generous . sasha you just have to cause a scene , huh ? classic dina . can not go anywhere without some drama . dina classic sasha . can not let shit go . lisa ( itching ) stop fight ! I think I have scabies . there 's a knock at the door . dina we expect anyone ? official White 6-15 -16 34 . the other shake they head no . dina open the door . a drunken hobo stand there . hobo rochelle here ? dina Nah , man . you get the wrong room . she start to shut the door . hobo this where I meet rochelle every night . dina rochelle be not here . you get to go . hobo it do not have to be rochelle . I x11 take one of you . he hold up a five dollar bill . the lady look at each other , horrify . sasha be we stay at a motel where five dollar hooker do they business ? dina ( kid ) Lisa , you game ? might as well turn a profit on dick number one tonight . the hobo eye Lisa 's scrub . hobo not if she wear that -- Lisa slam the door and put on the chain . lisa we be do talk to this fool . just then the hobo slam he naked junk up against the window . hobo ( through the window ) you do not want some of this ? 35 official White 6-15-16 35 . the woman shriek as sasha quickly close the curtain . they all look at each other -- then crack up . sasha do anyone else just flash back to Ft. lauderdale ? senior year ? ryan come to think of it , this room may be a exact replica . dina except the junk smashed against the glass belong to some fine ass omegas , not some crackhead with cole slaw in he pube . ryan wow , you really take a good look , do not you ? dina I be do not miss shit . int . shitty motel room - later 35 Music blast from dina 's phone . the woman model they party outfit for the each other like they be on a runway . Ryan look stun in a hot dress . dina model she short dress . sasha show off she designer outfit . Ryan notice sasha have a tag stick out of she dress . ryan sash , hold up , you get a tag hang out . she go to pull it out and sasha jump away . sasha no! ( off Ryan 's look ) just tuck it in . I make a deal with the designer that I have instagram it this weekend . taste -maker shit . dina lis , hurry up ! maxwell be not gonna wait all night to meet I , the man 's get shit to do ! official White 6-15-16 36 . Lisa emerge from the bathroom wear a boxy cotton blouse , a long skirt and loafer . the lady stare at she in disbelief . sasha what the hell be you wear ? lisa ( defensive ) what ? I love this outfit . ryan it 's nice , lis . but I think what sasha 's try to say be -- dina bitch , fuck you feeling . you be not get no dick dress like that . Ryan reach into she bag . pull out a bandage dress . ryan go put this on . lisa be you crazy ?! that 's not a dress ! that 's what I wrap around people with head wound . Ryan hand Lisa some sexy heel . ryan pair it with this heel . lisa I be not put any of this on . dina Lisa , hear I now . Men will fuck anything . except you in that outfit . Lisa sigh , walk back to the bathroom , and we hard CUT to : 36 int . mercede superdome - floor - night 36 new edition be on stage and everyone be feel the groove . the '' New '' Lisa walk into the Superdome . head turn . she 's hot . Ryan , sasha and dina walk up with she . 37 38 39 official White 6-15-16 37 . dude greet Lisa with a chorus of '' goddamn '' by the man she pass but it 's be so long since she feel goddamn - worthy , she look down , not meeting eye with any of she admirer , struggle to get use to walk in heel again . int . mercede superdome - VIP area - later 37 celeb and other vip pepper the dimly light , posh VIP bunker sponsor by ciroc . Ryan pose on the red carpet . then she wave over she girl who gladly join she and get the paparazzi treatment . int . mercede superdome - VIP area - later 38 later Ryan conduct a interview in a media bungalow later sasha work the room , smile and greeting celeb and taste-maker . Lisa struggle in she heel as she cross the room . on a couch -- later 39 sasha scan the crowd , look for gossip . lisa this party be hot ! dina ( spot someone ) ooh ! there 's my dry-cleaner ! sasha that 's arsenio . dina yeah .... I know he look familiar . ryan Lisa , there 's a lot of guy check you out , in case you have not notice . lisa the drink be already free , what 's it matter ? sasha lis , I know you love the maternal role and take care of everyone ( more ) 40 4l official White 6-15-16 38 . sasha ( cont 'd ) and we love you for it , but tonight ? you need to be a MILF . lisa you know how long it 's be since I have to flirt with anyone ? I would not even know how . sasha you get tit and a pussy . that 's 95 % of the work right there . make a little chit chat , determine who 's worthy , then get some . you be a fierce , sexual goddess who 's be hide in mom jeans . get out there and slay ! Lisa take this in . lisa you be right . let 's do this . int . superdome - VIP area - night 40 we see a montage of Lisa awkwardly try to chat up man as sasha stand nearby , play wingwoman . lisa my week be good ... get the smog inspection on the car ... use some reward point to buy a humidifier . he walk off as sasha shake she head , have hear . CUT to : int . superdome - VIP area - night 41 suitor # 2 lisa you be not lactose intolerant ? damn ! lucky you . Seven out of ten people be . both my kid and my mom . suitor # 2 walk off . across the party Ryan dina Lisa dina official White 6-15-16 39 . and dina spot this . ryan what 's she do ? telling they she vote for trump ? go save she ! head over . dina stick you titty out and put you straw in you mouth . sasha can not hurt . readjust and it 's the unsexiest display ever . dina I can not watch this . walk off . then tyler perry spot sasha , approach . tyler perry sasha Franklin ? from sasha 's secret ? sasha smile at he . sasha Mr. perry ... it 's a honor . tyler perry really ? honor be the last thing I would think of come out of you mouth . sasha now , hold on -- tyler perry no , heifer , you hold on ! the filthy lie you spread on that digital bathroom wall of yours be disgusting . you know damn well I do not '' canoodle '' with shonda rhime . sasha I be just the messenger -- tyler perry really ? well get this message -- if I see you in a dark alley , dark room or in you nightmare I will fuck . you. up. official White 6-15 -16 40 . sasha 's mouth hang open . as he go -- tyler perry ( cont ’d ) God bless you . praise Jesus . he push past sasha and walk on . sasha look down at she phone . she 's video record the whole encounter . sasha thank you , madea . Ryan walk up to sasha . ryan I think we agree to make this a girl 's weekend . not a work session . sasha what do you call what you be do ? ryan I be just say I do not want anyone be uncomfortable think you be spying on they . sasha I do not '' spy '' on people , ry -- across the room Lisa can see the tension brewing . ryan I just , look you be my girl and this be business . I be they guest . and you be my guest . sasha so you be tell I to behave ? ryan I be say we agree to keep this about we weekend . sasha no , you agree that . without I . which be how you usually do thing . ohhh shit ... Ryan take a breath , refrain from say anything . Lisa approach and deflect it . lisa hey , I need to go to the lady room . sasha , come with I . official White 6-15-16 41 . she drag sasha off . meanwhile dina have tyra bank in a headlock for a selfie . dina it 's like that movie where you play twin ! tyra bank okay ... tyra walk off . dina I ’1ll tag you ! julian ( 0.s. ) glad to see some thing never change . Ryan turn to see julian , late 30 , charming with a infectious smile . she light up . ryan Julian ?! julian I think that be you -- they hug . dina notice . dina Julian ? damn , nigga ! you get cute ! Julian smile , take the backhand compliment in stride . julian I can not believe I be look at half of the flossy posse again . do not think we have all be together since what ... homecome ' 05 ? ryan that be fun time . you play this weekend ? julian yeah , sit in with solange at the House of blue on Saturday night ... you should swing by , I 'il put you all on the list . ryan we will be there . official White 6-15-16 42 . julian in the meantime , what can I get you to drink ? wait , vodka tonic , splash of cranberry ? ryan you remember . dina what about I ? julian any top shelf dark liquor with cherry coke ? dina my nigga . Julian walk off , Ryan watch he admiringly . 42 int . mercede superdome - mezzanine moment later 42 Lisa and sasha head toward the restroom . sasha pull crap off the duct tape she 's put on the sole of she shoe to keep they from scuffing . sasha Lisa , I be not one of you kid . you can not just drag I to the bathroom to lecture I -- ( be she shoe ) oh hell , that 's a condom wrapper . 43 int . women 's room - night - continuous 43 Lisa and sasha enter . lisa Ryan 's go through a lot right now , please just be nice . sasha I be try ! she 's the one give I grief for do my job . not all of we can smile for the camera , sit next to a football player and make a live . lisa that 's not fair and you know it . 44 official White 6-15-16 43. sasha you always do this . Ryan can do no wrong in you eye . even when she bail on all the plan we make to go start a empire with Stewart . she and I could have be the black Huffington Post ... lisa it 's be five year , sasha ! five year ! this trip be suppose to bring we all back together again ... sasha Fine ... lisa ( hug ) thank you . Love you . sasha smile . sasha hug on some of that man meat out there . lisa ( sigh ) please . who be I kid ? I gonna call my kid and then invest ina good vibrator . int . VIP area - night 44 Lisa be on the phone with she kid in the corner . lisa be you be good for meemaw ?... Austin ? where would you go ? her signal die . lisa ( cont 'd ) dammit ! she wave she phone above she head , try to get the signal . a waiter , malik , 21 , very tall and hot as ball , walk by , tray in hand . malik you know that do not work , right ? 45 official White 6-15 - 16 44 , lisa yes , but I always do it anyway just in case . malik you wanna sit on my shoulder and try it ? Lisa can not tell if he 's serious or not , but go for it . lisa uh , sure . int . VIP area - night 45 dina take a selfie with estelle . dina I wanna ... thank you , estelle . see what I do there ? estelle yeah . never hear that before . estelle give she side - eye and exit . sasha talk to Julian . sasha Julian , I know you know : what be the elevator fight about with jay , bey and baby sis ? julian even if I know , sash I would not do that . I would not do that to you either . sasha that 's why it 's a anonymous source - — dina hold on , y’all -- we have get smash time at two - o'clock . they look -- Lisa 's on malik 's shoulder , giggle and embarrassed . he turn she so that he 's face she crotch and now she 's even more embarrassed . and hella turn on . sasha a minute ago she have they run and now she 's get she snatch in someone 's face ? 46 47 official White 6-15-16 45 . julian glad to see thing have not change . y'all still wild . then thunderous applause from the main stage as diddy take the stage . the live feed stream into every bunker , on every flat screen . dina bounce like a giddy teenager . sasha dance . Ryan sit , play it cool . julian damn , the Ryan I remember could not hear diddy without move . you be at essence fest with you girl . you gotta turn up . dina tell she , j! Ryan still play it cool . julian maybe you be just not close enough ... Julian flash backstage pass . dina grab one . dina Hell yeah . I ’mma get pregnant tonight !! int . mercede superdome - backstage - night 46 the lady have a blast . Ryan dance to the music , finally loosen up . Julian eye she , smile . she catch he eye . everyone sing along as the music play . dina I love you ! dina flash she boob at diddy , who give she side - eye from the stage . dina ( cont 'd ) do not act like you do not want this ! you know I make you pucker feel good ! ext . mercede superdome - STREET - later 47 the concert 's end . the lady stumble out . Lisa 's arm in arm with malik . 48 official White 6-15-16 46 . dina turn up , turn up , turn up ! where we go next ? malik my fraternity 's have a party at xavier . lisa how old be you ? malik twenty-one . sasha we be not go to a college frat party . dina I should probably wait out here for diddy . ( off they look ) once you see this big brown jump - off , they burn in you brain . a black suv pull up . a tinted window drop , it 's Julian . julian what y'all get into ? ryan we should probably just get to bed . sasha / dina Hell no !/ it 's only midnight . julian I know a spot . ryan I do not know you , guy ... I just do not have any energy leave . int . new orlean nightclub - night 48 Ryan and the flossy posse dance on the dj stage in a pack nightclub . drunk and have a blast . Julian dance she with a smile . julian now that 's the Ryan I remember . the other girl be happy to see she happy . official White 6-15-16 47 . sasha this be exactly what Ryan need to forget about the whole Stewart mess . dina a little alcohol , a little bootie poppin 's -- cure for everything . she look at Lisa pointedly . malik be still beside she . the dj drop the intro of Mary J blige 's '' Real Love '' . lisa oh shit ! they be play we song ! dina shove people to the side . dina move bitch ! flossy posse come through ... dina , sasha and Lisa climb on top of the table with Ryan and pop they booty in unison as the hook come in . malik be beside himself . as the song plays : the lady smoke a joint in the stairwell , dina do a jello shot off of some guy 's abs , Ryan pull Julian up on the table with they . ryan I be so glad we run into you . it 's be a long time since I have fun like this . julian the Ryan I remember from spelman never have a problem with that . ryan I miss that Ryan . julian well , you bring she back tonight . ryan maybe she need you around more often ... she 's definitely flirt -- but Julian remain a gentleman . 49 official White 6-15-16 48 . julian I should probably get you home . it 's 3 am , do not you say you have a appearance tomorrow ? with you husband ? ryan ( reality sober she ) yeah , that nigga -- julian what ? ryan what ? no. yes . you be right . I should get back . she lean down to take a shot from a tray that 's be offer and spot something on the balcony -- ryan ( cont 'd ) but not before I try some white boy shit ! she jump off the table . Julian follow , concerned . ext . bourbon STREET - balconies - night - moment later 49 Ryan be now on the zipline , soar over the street pack with people . on the nightclub balcony the girl cheer she on . dina we girl be unleash ! on the zipline Ryan 's loving it . feeling free . ryan wooooo ! on the STREET balcony across the STREET ryan that be amazing ! come on sasha !! she 's flush with adrenaline . on the night club balcony official White 6- 15 - 16 49 , sasha shrug . sasha it do look fun . on the zipline sasha now soar over the street . sasha Hell yes ! on the nightclub balcony Lisa be next . do a '' I have to pee '' dance . lisa damn , I hope that club across the way have short bathroom line . on the zipline Lisa soar along until -- she stop move . stuck in the middle of the zipline . lisa what 's happen ? why be I stick ? on the nightclub balcony malik look worried . malik why would she stop ? dina I do not think she do it on purpose . on the zipline Lisa try to inch it along . nothing work . lisa ( to herself ) dammit ... now 's not a good time for this ! she cross she leg . really need to pee . lisa just have to break the damn seal , do not I ? official White 6-15-16 50 . on the balcony across the STREET the Zipline Operator try to reel in the slack on the line . Julian have appear next to Ryan . julian ( call out ) they be gonna fix it , hold on . lisa tell they to hurry ! on the zipline Lisa start to look worried . lisa C ’mon , Lisa , you can hold it ... please Lord baby Jesus , do not let I -- but it 's too late . she start to pee all over the crowd below . lisa ( mortify ) no !! on the balcony across the STREET sasha oh , shit -- ryan I can not watch ! on the STREET as people wipe they head , angry , Lisa want to die . crowd member what the fuck ? / no , that bitch do not ! lisa ( call down ) I be so sorry ! I just could not hold it any longer ! on the nightclub balcony dina spring into rescue mode , hopping on the zipline . 50 official White 6-15-16 51 . dina girl , I get you ! on the zipline dina soar up behind Lisa , bump into she . the momentum push they both across . dina bitch , you never tell I you give golden shower ! that 's my jam ! dina spread she leg , purposefully pissing on the crowd below . as they react -- dina y'all do not even have to take I to Red lobster ! on the balcony across the STREET Julian catch Lisa and dina as they make it across . julian when I say turn up -- I do not know y’all be gonna listen quite so hard . Lisa want to die . lisa oh my God , I just peed on bourbon Street ! dina fuck yeah ! we just peed on bourbon Street ! julian ( laugh ) come on . let I take y’all back to you hotel . where you stay ? the w? the ritz ? off Ryan 's embarrassed look , we CUT to : int . julian 's suite - night 50 Julian wheel he bag out of the bedroom , give he suite to the girl . Ryan , now in she pajamas , feel bad . 51 52 official White 6-15-16 ryan be you sure ? julian there 's no way in hell I would let y'all stay in that dump . i’11 crash with the guy in the band . get some sleep . ryan thank you , Julian . for everything tonight . he turn at the door . concerned about she . julian you sure everything 's good with you ? ryan absolutely . she smile at he and he nod . julian okay then . Ryan shut the door and walk into -- int . ritz carlton - girl 's suite - bedroom - night 52 . 51 dina and sasha now listen at the bathroom door . it 's silent . dina he either fuck she speechless , or they stab each other and they be bleed out . int . ritz carlton - girl 's suite bathroom - night - same the Lisa and malik kiss . hot and heavy . he lift she on the sink . she reach for he zipper , reach in and grab hold -- lisa ( giggle ) ; shy , huh ? do not worry I just want to touch it . move you arm . malik uhh , that 's not my arm . 53 official White 6-15-16 53. Lisa pause , stop kissing , look down at what 's in she hand , look back at he , back at he junk , gasp and release he . lisa do it have a name ? or a driver 's license ? or a cage ? malik ( laugh ) do not let the size scare you . lisa why not ? I be scared . ( stare ) I be terrify . lisa ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) y'all should have see this thing -- CUT to : int . ritz carlton - girl 's suite live room - night 53 Lisa be now on the couch in the live room , as be the other lady who be dog - ass tired and half - asleep . except for dina , who scarf down some room service . dina well , why do not you bring it out and show we ?! lisa y'all , it be like tree trunk . dina good thing you get a beaver ! take it down ! lisa mmm mmm ... I could not do it . dina what ?! the good Lord give you ass like that and you just hand it back ? sasha ( half asleep ) I be gonna give you a lecture in the morning , but right now , I be too tired . 54 official White 6-15-16 54 . Ryan be pass out as well . ryan I think my liver be break . dina oh , no y’all do not . come on . she get down on she knee and pray while the other look at she like she 's nut . dina ( eye close ) what ? I be not go to hell . Jesus love I . and I ’ma pray for y’all too . recognize you bless . the other look at each other then join dina in she prayer . fade to black . int . ritz carlton - girl 's suite - next morning 54 the lady be pile on the king bed , arm and limb criss - cross , pass out . Ryan 's cell ring . she look at she watch and jump out of bed , answer the phone . ryan ( into phone ) Elizabeth , hi , be right there ! Ryan hang up in a panic . ryan ( cont 'd ) shit ! shit ! shit ! I do not even have time to shower ! Ryan try to pull herself together as the girl wake up . dina ( half -asleep ) take a ho 's bath . pit , pussy and ass . nothin’ else smell . have some goddamn sense , woman . as Ryan rush into the bathroom -- dina and she 's the one write self - help book : she go back to sleep . 55 56 official White 6-15-16 55 . int . convention CENTER - loading dock - day 55 Ryan ride in a golf - cart be drive by a festival assistant . bounce up and down , sunglass on , hungover af . she burp loudly . a hot mess . int . sugar mill ( convention CENTER extension ) - day 56 Ryan pull up in the golf cart . a bit dishevel and frazzle . maybe still a little drunk . Stewart shake he head . stewart Nice of you to show up . you want to maybe comb you hair ? ryan what ? I do not look pretty ? how 's my breath ? she breathes on he . we can tell by he reaction that it 's toxic . stewart what 's wrong with you ? Elizabeth walk up . elizabeth whoa -- somebody have some adult beverage ... ( worried ) let 's get you some coffee ... and hair and makeup . a glam squad team of hair , make - up , and wardrobe set up . elizabeth just so you know -- bethany from calmart will be in the audience . she want to get you vibe before the meeting . Ryan 's vibe right now be hungover as fuck . she put on a smile . ryan then I guess I should brush my tooth -- she make a face at Stewart who give she a '' will you quit play now ? '' look . official White 6-15-16 56 . 57 int . ritz carlton - girl 's suite live room - day 57 Lisa , sasha and dina eat breakfast , hungover . lisa look , you guy , I have be out of the game for too long . he 's be with girl who know trick I do not . sasha please ... there 's no trick you do not know . dina you ever grapefruite ? sasha look just as confuse as Lisa . dina neither of you trick have grapefruite ? lisa okay , explain . dina pick up a grapefruit from the fruit basket . dina ( demonstrate ) you cut a hole in each end of the grapefruit and make a tunnel -- then put the grapefruit on he dick while you suck it . sasha set down she forkful of grapefruit . sasha / lisa what ??? dina pick up a banana to use in place of a dick . dina but you gotta make sure you twist and squeeze -- that way you man feel like he 's get suck and fuck at the same time . she twist it up and down the base of the banana while she suck on the top . slurp noise include . sasha and Lisa 's mouth be agape as she demonstrate . dina raise she head from the banana . 58 official White 6-15-16 57 . lisa where have you even learn that ? dina the Internet . you want a trick ? there you go . you be do you man and get you vitamin C . sasha and a protein shot -- they all laugh hysterically . ext . french quarter STREET - later 58 dina , Lisa and sasha walk down the street where people be already drink . Lisa and sasha stop to linger in a funky clothing store as dina be lure by two street vendor who vie for she attention . vendor # 1 vendor # 2 hurricane ! two for twenty - extra special , authentic five ! hurricane . two for twenty over here ! dina head for vendor # 2 , when vendor # 1 call out . vendor # 1 do not go to he , beautiful . I have get something special for you . dina oh , now I be beautiful ...? do tell ... vendor # 1 baby , you can get hurricane anywhere . but I be the only place in New Orleans you can get this ... he pull out a shiny bottle of absinthe . dina 's eye light up like a kid . he 's get she . dina the fuck be that ? vendor # 1 it 's two hundred year old pure wormwood absinthe . Green Fairy . dina I want it ! 59 official White 6-15-16 58 . excite , dina reach for the bottle , but he pull away . vendor # 1 I just want to make sure you know what you be get -- dina I do not give a fuck . that shit be green and shiny and look like it will get we hella bent ! vendor # 1 it will . a tiny splash will have you see in 3 - D . dina stare at the bottle , transfix , not listen . vendor # 1 ( cont 'd ) just a splash , get it ? any more than that -- dina nigga , just give it to I . vendor # 1 this bottle should probably last you four or five year -- dina yep , get it . five week . vendor # 1 no . five year . dina five day . understood . vendor # 1 I feel like you be not listen . this have hallucinogenic property -- dina hand over some cash , grab the bottle , cut he off . dina thank you . this will be use very ignorantly . as dina walk away , the vendor shake he head , knowingly . int . sugar mill ( convention CENTER extension ) - day 59 '' the essence of cooking '' banner hang above Ryan and Stewart as they cook in a mock kitchen in front of a few hundred official White 6- 15 - 16 59 . fan . bethany , 40s , the conservative calmart exec , sit in the front row next to Elizabeth , beam . ryan and now stew be go to add rice so it can get coat with all that savory flavor . stewart and keep stir so it do not get burn . ryan can not have that , y’all . they laugh together as everyone in the audience enjoy the wonder couple . on sasha / lisa / dina - intercut the lady sit in the crowd watch Ryan and Stewart . sasha Ryan be on some Academy Award shit right now for that performance . lisa maybe it 's not all put on . I think she still really love he and there 's nothing wrong with that . dina you think we gonna get to taste what they make ? I love jambalaya . on stage shaun robinson you two look like you be have so much fun ! I guess that chapter in you book be right : '' the couple who cook together stays together '' . everyone applaud as Ryan catch a glimpse of Simone in the audience ! her demeanor shift . ryan so true . you see shaun , when cooking it be vital to remain faithful to the recipe so it can turn out right . the share experience should bring you closer because you be invest in the ( more ) official White 6-15-16 ryan ( cont 'd ) final result . be not that right , honey ? stewart sure be . Ryan be very neat , orderly and follow the recipe to the t- ryan and Stewart be a messy cook . do not clean after himself and improve . a lot . stewart ( sense a shift ) well , there be no one way to be in the kitchen . sometimes you want to switch it up , sometimes a little extra spice give you a little kick and maybe surprise you . Ryan grunt a sarcastic utterance . then -- simone ( shouting ) that 's what I be talk about . Lisa , dina and sasha see Simone as do Stewart . sasha no , this bitch do not . on stage shaun robinson now this meal come with some fresh jalapeno cornbread . . . ryan no shaun ! no bread . no side dish ! shaun be take aback . ryan ( cont 'd ) one pot meal like this have everything you need for a hearty , savory , meal . but some folk just be not satisfied . I say put it ina bowl and keep it move . on bethany and elizabeth Elizabeth do not know what 's go on as bethany laugh . 60 . official White 6-15-16 61 . bethany oh wow , she be a hoot . elizabeth ha. yeah . that 's my girl . ( sotto ) what the fuck --? on stage shaun robinson why do not we invite a lucky audience member to come and sample ? stewart great idea . Simone be up out of she chair and head toward the stage . the lady notice and leap into action . dina oh hell no ... sasha let 's go ... the lady and Simone scurry , converge toward the stage . shaun robinson look like we have a few hungry volunteer . elizabeth who the fuck be this chick ? Ryan silently fume as Simone approach and get a sample from a volunteer . Lisa cut she off and take it instead . simone oh , sorry . I just want a taste . lisa I think you have taste enough . Ryan make this meal with stew . not you . dina ( taste it ) for real . and it 's good than a motherfucker . Ryan you can cook ! simone it 's really good , but I have really love more sausage in mine . official White 6-15-16 62 . ryan ( maintain composure ) really ? how about it stew : you gonna give she some more sausage ? stewart ( throat clear ) well , the customer be always right . ryan oh . apparently there 's a abundance of sausage to go around . Stewart just love to dole it out --- sasha ( intervene ) Ryan . just how much sausage should be add ? ryan when it come to sausage it all depend on how greedy you want to be before stuff it in you bowl . Ryan grab a meat cleaver swinging it dangerously close to Stewart who have to weave out of the way . ryan ( cont 'd ) you can chop it . . whack whack whack go the cleaver into the sausage . ryan ( cont 'd ) you can slice it sideways --- Ryan slice with a chef' knife split the sausage in half , then methodically slice it in little piece . ryan ( cont 'd ) you can even grind it . Ryan grab two sausage , toss they in a meat grinder and go to work make mincemeat . shaun robinson be not sausage ground up already ? ryan yes , but one might choke on chunky bit of sausage . Ryan toss a bowl of jambalaya with extra sausage to Simone . official White 6-15-16 simone only if you have a gag-reflex . dina oooh , this bitch gonna get hurt . bethany and elizabeth bethany be they still talk about jambalaya ? elizabeth uh-huh . yeah . it 's colloquial : '' put you foot in it '' , '' so good make ya wanna slap ya mamma '' '' bitch gonna get hurt '' same etymology . shaun robinson shaun robinson this lady and gentleman this may be the epitome of too many cook in the kitchen . simone thanks for the sample . I will be sure to try it again . Simone saunter off . Ryan call after she . ryan you should move on from this one -- sasha ( cut ) uhhh because there 's plenty of more delicious food ... lisa out here at essence eat .. . dina so get you own , ho ! shaun and that be the essence of cook ! 63 . applause from the audience . Lisa / sasha / dina / Ryan and Stewart all bow . bethany beam . official White 6-15-16 60 int . sugar mill - backstage - moment later Ryan and Stewart walk backstage . stewart what the hell be that , ry ? ryan you be ask I ? you be suppose to keep the sausage gobbler in check . what happen to that ? stewart that be not my fault -- ryan oh , so you penis end up in she mouth how exactly ? because let 's be clear : that 's how this start . stewart you be gonna have to figure out how to get yourself under control ... Elizabeth enter . elizabeth that be fuck amazing ! the crowd love it . bethany love it . be that you girl ? I think there be only three ? who 's the hottie with the badonkadonk ? stewart she 's nobody . never see she before . elizabeth crap . I should get she number -- ryan & stewart no ! elizabeth no worry . it 's better improvise . Stewart , can I steal you for a minute ? there 's a reporter who 's a football fan . he walk off with Elizabeth . Ryan take a deep breath . ryan I be strong , I be powerful ... I be ... 64 . 60 61 official White 6-15 -16 65 . she stop as she eye mist . the mask be off . she breathes in deeply , try to find inner strength . sasha walk up . sasha you good , ry ? Ryan pull herself together . turn around , smile . ryan yeah , girl . all good ! that be kinda crazy , huh ? sasha Little bit . ryan thanks for have my back up there . sasha of course . you sure you be good ? ryan yup . all in a day 's work . I have get a fan meet and greet -- I 'il catch up with y’all later , okay ? she walk off , hold it together . sasha be concerned . int . essence fest convention CENTER - day 61 thousands of people walk through the center as sponsor hold panel on everything from beauty and style to business to empowerment and music . celebrity include tyrese and Morris chestnut wave to and interact with fan . dina scream . dina oh my God ! ' rese ! tyrese ! be my baby - boy , puleeeeeezeee !! she go to pull up she shirt and Lisa stop she . lisa dina , I swear to God if do not control yourself ... dina I be just say I have leave diddy for tyrese . Lisa roll she eye . sasha be busy check she email on she phone . she have a overdraft notice from she bank and a eviction notice from she landlord . 62 63 official White 6-15-16 66 . sasha what the hell --? lisa everything okay ? sasha yeah ... it will be . int . ritz carlton - girl 's suite bar area - afternoon 62 dina 's behind the bar mixing drink like a pro , discreetly pour a generous amount of absinthe in each glass . Music blast through the tv 's itune connection and iphoto of the flossy posse from past essence fest rotate on screen . dina you have get the crabwalk , the butter churner , the organ grinder ... sometimes they cry during that one . sasha why would you want they to cry ? dina power . lisa ( pop head in ) can you turn that down ? I be on the phone ! sasha turn down the music . sasha and dina exchange look . dina oooh , she need some dick . int . suite bedroom - continuous 63 Lisa resume facetime with riley and Austin . lisa I have gotta go , we be gonna go listen to a man sing some song . make sure meemaw put you to bed now . Ryan walk by and wave to the kid . official White 6-15-16 67 . ryan hi guy ! bye guy ! ( to Lisa ) so cute ! as Lisa hang up -- lisa you and Stewart ever talk about it ? maybe a baby will help bring you closer . kid change man . do not change terrence ... but hell , maybe you will get lucky . and no one will ever love you like you baby . ryan oh yeah . we talk about it -- I have just be so focus on career . lisa well do not wait too long . no one will ever love you like you baby . dina ( 0.s. ) until they become ungrateful fuck teenager lisa do not listen to she . before Ryan can respond the sound of a door knock be hear . 64 int . girl suite - live room / louge - continuous 64 Elizabeth enter the open door , smile . elizabeth be this the flossy posse suite ? dina who 's ask ? elizabeth Ryan 's agent , Elizabeth . saw you guy at the demo . '' that bitch gonna get hurt . '' so fun . Ryan walk out of the bedroom , nervous at see dina and Elizabeth in the same proximity . ryan hey ... official White 6-15-16 68 . elizabeth bethany want to meet you and Stewart tonight at the White party . I know you be with the F to the p , just hang out with she for fifteen minute . inspire she to add another zero to the deal ... ryan y ’all cool to hang out at a party for a little bit before we go to the concert ? dina who 's bethany ? ryan she 's the calmart exec give I and Stewart we own brand . dina oh , that bethany ! we love that bitch ! let 's make a toast . sasha ooh , do you make we hurricane ? dina fuck a hurricane . this be a tsunami . lisa I be think maybe just wine tonight ... dina do you put on you granny panty again ? we get drink to do ! dina hand one to Elizabeth . dina welcome to Saturday night flossy posse style ... Ryan shoot Elizabeth a look like , '' do not worry , it 's just one drink . '' dina raise she glass , as do the other . dina to bethany . and the shit -ton of money she 's go to give Ryan . elizabeth and Stewart ... 65 official White 6-15-16 69 . dina yeah , that motherfucker , too . Ryan shoot dina a '' shut - up '' look as they all down they drink . elizabeth so , I will see you there ? and do not forget we have get the signing meeting tomorrow . let 's be bright - eye and bushy -taile . she eye dina , worried . ryan you have my word . tonight I be take it easy . elizabeth dass mah gurrll ... they all look at Elizabeth crazy . then -- dina okay , she 's cut off . int . swanky lounge - night 65 Super exclusive , VIP essence -sponsor party . sasha , Lisa and dina get busy to a new hip - hop jam . sasha look out into the crowd . sasha be that pharrell ? I can not tell . why do he look so blurry ? the music change and the crowd look like they be slow down . the girl start to sway a bit . lisa I feel a little funny . do you feel funny ? dina feel funny ? ( feel herself ) I feel fine . see ? feel I ? Lisa rub she . sasha why be you feel she ? 66 67 official White 6-15-16 70 . lisa because she axed do she feel funny ? ( giggle ) I say axed . dina you do . ( look ) oo , baller - alert . bye , bitch . dina take off out of frame . sasha be she move in slow motion or be I hearing in slow motion ? sasha look up at the star paint on the ceiling . sasha oh shit -- do not look up ! montage of the lady trip : - in sasha 's Pov she 's hurl through space - dina dance with a model - look type guy and she be into he , grind she ass all over he crotch as the camera move to reveal a hideous dude who can not believe he luck . - Lisa look toward a myriad of statue of Jazz musician that suddenly animate and come to life . Lisa be mezmerize . int . swanky lounge - night 66 dina step up to the bar . dina one grapefruit please . and a knife . she have a devilish look on she face . int . swanky lounge - women 's room - night 67 dina and she '' model '' go into a a woman 's room stall with the grapefruit and shut the door while Lisa be in the mirror be - apply she make - up like a 6 - year - old would . lisa pretty ! meanwhile , outside the stall -- 68 official White 6-15-16 71 . dina 's '' date '' ( 0.s. ) damn , girl ! ooooh . that 's some freaky shit ! int . swanky lounge - night 68 - sasha try to walk through the crowd , despite the fact that all the party - goer look upside down . she find Lisa , now in crazy make -up . sasha there 's a bear in here ! plus , I figure out time travel . dina walk up , bent at a 70 degree angle , clothes now on backwards . dina I just burp and a rainbow come out . the rest of the party - goer stare at they , shaking they head . lisa what be they look at ? dina look at sasha , she face be a undulate mardi gras mask . dina oh shit how you do that ? that 's dope ... dina grab sasha 's face . sasha push she hand away . sasha stop play ! I tell you there 's bear in here . lisa you know what ? I think we might be trippin’ . sasha where 's Ryan ? lisa she can not trip in front of bethany ! 69 official White 6-15-16 72 . int . swanky lounge - night 69 across the party Ryan , now sweaty and dizzy be in a VIP booth with Stewart , Elizabeth and bethany try she best to focus . bethany I just love you cooking demo today . the way you two play off of each other be fantastic . so much fun . ryan we be all about fun . funnn funnn ! Ryan start rub ice cube on she face . bethany be you feel okay ? ryan I be just so thirsty -- Ryan take a sip of water and completely miss she mouth . stewart let I get you a napkin . he dab she forehead with it . whisper to she -- stewart what the hell be you on ?! ryan what ?! nigga chill out -- bethany be take aback as be Stewart , but then he attention be catch by -- across the room dina walk across the room take off she clothes . dina why it so damn hot ? on ryan she look up at the waitress , who now appear to be Simone , but only to Ryan . waitress can I get you anything ? official White 6-15-16 73 . ryan ( to Stewart ) what the hell she do here ? stewart she 's here to take we order . waitress / simone I can come back -- ryan do not . you. dare . the waitress scurries off . Stewart lean into Ryan . stewart what the hell 's get into you ? ryan the devil --? stewart ( to bethany ) so , tell I more about the calmart philosophy . bethany well -- suddenly , Elizabeth start laugh hysterically . Ryan try to step in and address a confuse bethany . ryan so you be say , bethanyyiiii !!! bethany 's eye begin to bug out like they be animated . ryan oh , shit ! Elizabeth continue laugh then start peck at Stewart 's shoulder like a chicken . he shrug she off and she start do it to bethany . bethany I be not sure what 's happen here ... Ryan look around the party . there 's simone . she blink she eye . and there she be dance , then by the bar drink , in a booth eat , chat on a couch -- everywhere Ryan look , Simone be there . 70 official White 6-15-16 74 . ryan Excuse I . I need some fresh air . Ryan take off , leave Stewart there to cover on the fly . stewart my apology , bethany . Ryan 's be take a new allergy medicine and it 's have some side effect . bethany ( refer to Elizabeth ) what 's she excuse ? Elizabeth be on the ground in fetus position laugh hard . across the party sasha , dina and Lisa be try to get to Ryan . but they be move in slow motion . barely cover ground . sasha we have gotta save ry ! if we be trippin , she 's trippin . dina I be not trip , but I be feel niiiiice Ryan spot they . ryan we need to leave ! now ! the tsunami have hit ! the tsunami have hit ! ext . frenchmen STREET - night - moment later 70 on the street , the flossy posse be all clearly still on the absinthe high . guzzle water from a street vendor . Ryan turn to dina , piss . ryan what the hell do you put in that drink ?! dina Love . ryan dina , I be not play ! 71 official White 6-15-16 75 . dina .+.- and a little absinthe . I may have over pour . sasha none of y’all see the bear ? ryan fuck ! bethany just see I like this . we need to hide but I be too fuck up to find the hotel . lisa ( like a child ) look ! pretty hair ! she point at a booth on the street where someone be sell wig and sunglass . Cash money 's '' bling - bling '' , pour out from the open door of a ratchet bar next door . dina you know bethany will not find you in there ... let 's go set it off . Lisa and sasha look at each other like wif this bitch talk about , before they follow she . Ryan do the same . int . ratchet bar - moment later 71 the lady burst into the bar -- wig and sunglass on . still amp . throwback southern hip hop blast . this crowd be ratchet as hell . Ryan go unrecognize . dina booty sweat and hennessy in the air . we have find we tribe ! all of a sudden q- tip 's '' vivrant thing '' come on . ryan oh hell yeah . let 's dance this shit off . the lady hit the floor , do they old sorority step dance . the crowd go wild . the flossy posse own the floor . until ... a group of young chick , 20 , trashy as fuck , answer the call . they bring the noise . 72 official White 6-15-16 76 . young chick y'all might wanna sit down and rest . dina keep talkin , kesha . the dj alternate new and older song as the crew battle . he reach into he 1997 arsenal and hit they with master p 's '' make ' em say uhhh '' and the flossy posse bring the heat . Ryan be have a blast -- no inhibition . in disguise . free . then , fetty wap 's '' trap Queen '' drop and the Young chick tear it up . but the flossy posse will not be outdone . '' lose Control '' by missy elliot come on and they kill it . int . ratchet bar - night 72 four shot glass toast . the flossy posse be unstoppable . before they can knock it back -- Simone walk by bump into dina . record scratch moment . oh shit . Simone pale , realize who they be . and they recognize she . dina you know what ? everyone expect I to beat you ass right now -- but I be all about love tonight . you have hallucinogen to thank for that . Lisa clock simone in the face . hard . lisa mine wear off . now it 's on . one of Simone 's Crew go after Lisa . dina well , shit , if Lisa start a party , I will fuck attend !! she smack Simone hard . but Simone be trash . she 's get move . she punch dina in the face . hard . dina smile . dina thank you . now I can beat you ass with no remorse whatsoever . 73 official White 6-15-16 77 . a all out brawl ensue . dina unload on Simone . sasha jump on Simone 's back . Lisa punch all of Simone 's friend . letting out year of repress divorced anger . Ryan be in the perfect position to clock Simone like a motherfucker until -- Blue light flash outside and a club patron yell . club patron five - oh , y’all ! Ryan settles for grab Simone 's fake tit and wrenching it -- ryan titty twister ! ext . ratchet bar —- night - moment later 73 Ryan get she head slam on the hood of car , outside of the bar , cuffed . wig crooked , sunglass break . ryan I be gonna kill you , lis ! slam down go Lisa into frame lisa I do not know what get into I . a couple police officer sit Lisa and Ryan next to sasha and dina on a outdoor bench . other cop interview witness . ryan we be so fucked ! dina relax ! I have be here before . it 's just a misdemeanor . once we post bail -- ryan bail ?! do you hear yourself ? I be not a rapper ! I be a therapist ! I write self - help book ! I can not go to jail ! sasha martha Stewart go to jail . people still listen to she advice about cranberry centerpiece or whatever the fuck it be she talk about . official White 6-15-16 78 . Ryan start panic breathe . dina ry , relax ! it be self - defense . lisa ( as if ) I throw the first punch . dina yeah , and you clocked the shit out that bitch . sasha straight knuckle . ryan ( chuckle in spite of ) you do , lis . '' mine wear off . '' pow ! they all laugh about it . ad-lib about what they do . then reality start to set in on Lisa . lisa wait a minute . this could end I . I will lose my license . I could lose my kid over this . dina aww shot she about to blow . she look over at a fat cop . lisa no , I be not . I get this . she walk over to the fat cop . on a mission . on the fat cop he write out a ticket as Lisa walk up . lisa ( helpless ) Officer , this cuff be so tight . be there any way you can take they off ? the cop do not even look up . fat cop nope . Lisa try a different tactic . official White 6-15-16 79 . lisa but I be afraid the interstitial pressure on my radial nerve could lead to arterial ischemia or necrosis . the cop look up , impressed . fat cop you a doctor ? lisa just a register nurse . fat cop how have a woman like you end up ina bar fight ? he remove she cuff . lisa to be honest , my friend and I be roofied tonight and it cause we to act really out of character . fat cop ( concerned ) you know who do it ? lisa ( eyeing dina ) hard to say . fat cop lucky you do not get hurt in there . Little thing like you could barely even throw a punch , I bet . lisa not one you would feel ... lisa thank you for take that cuff off . feel so good to be free ! she wave she hand in the air , really sex it up as she dance . the fat cop be smitten . on the lady the other lady watch from the bench as Lisa make small talk , giggle at the cop 's joke .. official White 6-15-16 80 . dina here we go -- take it home , daytona Beach Lisa . take it home . on the fat cop and lisa she 's flirt up a storm . lisa be there any way my friend and I could just go back to we hotel ? you really want to write up all that paperwork over little I ? the fat cop look around to make sure none of the other cop be watch . fat cop I ‘mma make a exception . for you . 74 int . ritz carlton - mezzanine - night 74 we lady come up the escalator giddy with laughter . ryan lis , you have my undy gratitude . dina that be some jedi voodoo sex magic be what that be . sasha yeah , too bad it 's go to waste . as they round the corner , malik await hold a flower . wearing a tie . Lisa cup she hand to she ear . lisa sorry , sash , what be that ? sasha ( surprised ) okay . get it , bitch . get it . lisa oh I be go to . tonight -- I slay . her sexual confidence be now fully restore . she give malik a smile as she take the flower from he . dina yassssss hunty . yassssss ! official White 6-15-16 81 . Lisa take he hand and practically skip to the elevator . dina he better fuck the shit outta she . ryan remember when life be that simple ? just want a boy to like we enough to want to give ‘em some . sasha that 's all we care about . that and have no money . that problem be in the past thank God . Ryan look at she , sincere . ryan I miss you , sash . I really do . sasha I miss you , too . ryan we be gonna take over the world back then . sasha never get around to that , do we ? ryan I hate to see you chase after celebrity bullshit . it 's beneath you . you be so much better than that . sasha realize Ryan do not mean it to sound condescending . sasha I be good . I be handle mine . Ryan smile and nod . not want to fight . ryan okay . sasha ( beat ) ry , you do not need the bullshit either . do not be afraid to step out you comfort zone . you can do it . Ryan know what she mean . the elevator door open and several drunken late 5as essence fest attendee be inside -- 75 official White 6-15-16 82. sing '' booty poppin '' by ludacris and do the accompany dance move . dina that 's we in twenty year , y’all . ryan God , I hope so . int . ritz carlton - girl 's suite live room - night - later dina , sasha and Ryan be on the couch , giggle as they scarf down food . sasha dina , you do not go in a bathroom stall with Jason momoa ! he be not even at the party ! dina bitch , I get picture ! she pull out she phone and pull up a photo . we see a quick flash of a man 's ball on she forehead with he limp dick hang down she nose -- like a Roman helmet . dina frown when she see the face of the dick 's owner . dina who the fuck be that ? sasha and why be he business on you face ? ryan ( laugh ) I think they call that a Roman helmet . dina flip through the picture and there 's one of sasha get Roman helmeted too . dina look , you get one , too ! sasha what ?! erase that ! as sasha reel from this -- they hear a moan from the bedroom . 76 official White 6-15-16 dina the beaver take down the tree ! 83 . the bedroom door open and a dishevel , recently fuck Lisa step out , wrap in a towel . lisa just gonna grab this -- she grab a grapefruit out of the fruit basket on the table and go back into the bedroom with a smile . dina ohhh ... it 's on ! prepare yourselves , lady . five , four , three , two ... malik 's moan tell we that dina be right . sasha damn ! I have gotta try this ! suddenly , malik scream so loud the window rattle . ryan oh my God , do she just bite it off ? Lisa yank open the bedroom door . lisa grapefruit juice just shot in he eye ! where 's my visine ! Lisa dig through she bag . malik come staggering out , grapefruit still on he dick ( cover it ) . one hand over eye , one hand over he ball . malik ( wail ) why , Jesus ? why ? int . girl suite - bedroom - night - later he 76 all four girl be in the king bed . dina pour some mini-bar champagne . sasha I do not care how late it be , we be toast that Lisa get ten inch tonight . 77 78 79 80 official White 6-15-16 dina I wish we could have see it without the grapefruit on it . lisa Hand I my phone -- dina good girl ! 84 . Lisa pull up a picture . they all stare at it in silent awe . ryan that be a beautiful penis . sasha it 's a work of art . dina send the picture to herself . dina I be take this to Walgreen and have it print out to put on my desk at work . the lady laugh . int . girl suite - bedroom - night 77 the lady all kneel beside the bed praying in unison as we fade to black . ext . river walk - dawn the sun rise over the Mississippi . int . convention CENTER - essence pop - up bookstore - day Ryan and Stewart sign book for fan . do they '' happy couple '' show . smiling , take picture . people love they . the line be lengthy . int . convention CENTER - near food booths - day Lisa and dina explore the food booth , feed they hangover . 78 79 and 80 81 official White 6-15-16 85 . dina what you mean there be not no etoufee leave ? I wait all this damn time . what you get then ? Red bean and rice ? aight . lisa Excuse I be that cook in animal fat ? dina Hell no . it 's just some hamhock . a few hundred foot away , sasha 's on she phone . sasha ( desperate ) wait ! do not pull you ad ! I have get audio of Tyler perry cussing I out like a sailor ... what do you mean that 's not news ?... Fine . I will get something good . ' jay - Z and solange elevator 's good . by tomorrow . sasha hang up . against the wall and out of option . she look at the picture of Simone and Stewart on she phone and shake she head . the sound of applause be hear , then -- iyanla vanzant ( 0.s. ) the question be not '' if '' but '' when '' ? sasha look over to a healthy crowd gather around essence 's Center stage where beloved guest , iyanla vanzant speak to a attentive crowd . int . convention CENTER - near pop - up bookstore - day 81 Ryan and Stewart be be escort toward the exit , but Ryan pause to take a listen . iyanla vanzant when will you realize the power for change be in you hand ? you can not wait for someone else to make the decision that will affect you in you life . only you can do that ? you want better ? you deserve better ? then do better . demand it of yourself . even if it mean change . and beloved , change take time , take effort , take bravery . 82 official White 6-15-16 86 . listen in the crowd be sasha . two hundred yard away Ryan also listen . iyanla vanzant ( cont 'd ) do not you dare ask anyone to change unless you put in the work yourself . fight the good fight . the bad fight have enough soldier . the message have resonate with both Ryan and sasha . Elizabeth catch Ryan 's attention to take she to the back . int . convention CENTER - conference room - day 82 Ryan and Stewart be at a table with Elizabeth , bethany and some guy in suit . bethany you two have build a incredible brand . and we want in . we think the Ryan Stewart brand can be to calmart what martha Stewart be to k - Mart . but bigger . ryan really ? bethany bottom line you two give people hope of have it all . and we want in . stewart sound fantastic . elizabeth yes it do . but let 's be honest , it 's all about the offer . bethany scribbles down a number and slide it across the table . Elizabeth , ever the negotiator intercept the paper . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) Holy fuck --! Ryan and Stewart read it , stunne . more money than they ever expect . bethany stand and shake Ryan and Stewart 's respective hand . bethany look forward to work with you . she and she team head out . 83 84 official White 6-15-16 87 . elizabeth I will see you out ... Elizabeth give Ryan and Stewart fist pump before exite . after a beat . Ryan and Stewart look at each other . ryan look like we do it . Stewart be too stunne to respond as Ryan head off camera . ext . convention CENTER - later 83 Ryan and Stewart head to they suv as many scream fan cheer they . Ryan half - heartedly wave . Stewart be pensive before pull the driver to the side a beat before join Ryan . int . suv - day 84 Ryan sip on water and check she phone as Stewart climb in and shut the door . other than the hum of the motor , the ac and the scream fan it be silent . Ryan notice . ryan where 's the driver ? stewart Ryan , I be sorry . Ryan turn to Stewart , eye glisten . Ryan look concerned . ryan what the fuck be wrong with you ? stewart I be wrong . ryan uhhh okay --? stewart '' I be wrong . '' I be say it without any real consequence . it 's just be word . and I have be wrong for that . ryan alright , you be wrong , you have be go through the motion . I get it . can we go ? I have a little bit of a headache - - 85 official White 6-15-16 88. stewart this deal be incredible . the possibility be limitless . I be amp . I be energize . ryan yeah , it 's a lot of money ... stewart no . you do not understand : this be the kick in the ass I need . ( off she look ) when I retire from football I be mess up . I do not what my purpose be . who be I without this game ? Dumb male ego shit . as much as you try to show I and encourage I I could not hear . I do not want to hear it . ryan kind of like how I feel right now -? stewart ry , I do not blame you for want to shut I out . I would not want to hear I either . but we do it . we do this together . we be back . and now everything can be the way you want it . we can be Ryan and Stewart again . and I do not mean some public persona '' we '' . I mean '' we . '' you and I : the man you fall in love with . Ryan look at the sincerity in he eye , still unsure . he take she hand and kneel on the car floor . stewart ( cont 'd ) I promise you if you give we another chance I be in this for real . no more show . no more bullshit . Stewart be as vulnerable as ever . Ryan be tear . int . house of blue - VIP seating - night 85 a magnum of champagne be pop and pour . ryan thank you , calmart !!! official White 6-15-16 89 . sasha snap a selfie of the lady , champagne flute in hand . she tag everyone and post it on social media . # essence fest # hobnola . ping ! dina look down at she phone . dina damn , bitch ! I could never be c.i.a. with you posting my business everywhere . ryan ( to sasha ) then you need to quit that , because if anyone 's take out isis , it 's this bitch -- she clink glass with dina . then address sasha ryan hey , do you think you paparazzi guy would sell the photo to I ? we could bury this shit and move forward . sasha ( nodd , skeptical ) I could find out . what 's go on ? ryan well , lady stew and I have a real talk today and I really think we marriage be go to get back on track . lisa really ? oh my God that 's great , ry. dina you take dirty - dick back ? ryan look , y’all man have ego ... he be deflate . retire fuck he up . that 's how man be : rudderless , need a purpose . dina well , alright . it 's use , not break . ryan you should have see it : he practically begge I to stick with we . I see the sincerity in he eye . I have have not see that since -- 86 official White 6-15-16 90 . sasha his last big contract . ryan sasha , I have faith -- sasha faith that fame and money be worth you dignity and self- respect ? ryan ( beat ) why can not you be happy for I ? dina yeah , do not hate , sash . sasha I be not hat . i’1l just be happy when she 's happy . truly happy . I know what Ryan happy look like . I be not see it in a minute . Ryan be take aback . lisa come on , you guy , this be a good thing . let 's celebrate this , okay ? the band strike up from the main room and the crowd start to cheer . int . house of blue - MAIN room - night 86 solange command the stage . Julian 's sexy on bass . ryan there he be ! dina aw shit . look who grow up and grow a pair . alright , Julian . I see you ! lisa he 's work that bass ! sasha yeah , he be -- 87 official White 6-15-16 91 . Julian perform a grip solo . everyone cheer . Julian eye the crowd , he eye landing on Ryan and the girl . give they a wink . dissolve to : int . house of blue - foundation room - night 87 Ryan and Julian sit on a couch . julian so , I know you have get you professional life on lock , but how you do otherwise ? ryan I be good ! really , really bless . julian you and Stewart do okay ? ryan better than ever . Julian study she . know something 's up . julian you do not have to do that with I , ry. I know you . ai not no bluff in you . ryan so my sincerity be a curse ? julian I would not have you any other way . you just can not be my spade partner . ryan ( laugh ) it 's like that ? I see where I stand . but seriously , we be fine . I be just nervous about the speech tomorrow . julian why ? you have always be one of the most self - assure people I have ever know . 88 official White 6-15-16 ryan I do not know about that -- julian bullshit . you do know about it . from the moment you walk on campus , you own it . not cocky , just matter of fact : '' I be the shit , y'all . recognize . '' they share a laugh . ryan do not know then how challenging it would be to get here now . julian clearly that do not matter ' cuz you get everything you could ever want . ryan ( nodd ) yeah . I guess that 's true . 92 . Julian hold up he drink to toast . Ryan clink with he . int . house of blue - foundation room - night 88 sasha come out of the lady room and spot -- Simone make a beeline for the Ryan . sasha intercept she . sasha where the hell do you think you be go ? simone I need to talk to Ryan . sasha step to Simone . sasha that 's not gonna happen . let 's go -- across the club Ryan spot sasha with Simone and frown . sasha back out of sight . on sasha and simone sasha how have you even know she be here ? Simone official White 6-15-16 93. Simone pull up she smart phone to display sasha 's instagram . sasha I gotta get a new line of work . look , I all relay the message . what 's up ? simone I be pregnant . and before you even insult I , yes , it 's Stewart 's . sasha 's jaw drop . not at all expect this . sasha do he know ? simone I leave he a message . he will not call I back . sasha I will try to find some tear to shed for you . simone look , I do not need you shade . that 's not why I come here -- sasha then why do you ? simone I do not know who else to tell . I need Stewart to call I back within the next twenty - four hour or I will go public . I have picture . nasty - freaky one too . you wanna be the one to break the story ? be my guest . sasha you must be high . and ya ass be fake . Simone walk off . Lisa walk up to sasha . lisa what be that about ? sasha she 's pregnant . lisa what ? 89 90 official White 6-15-16 94 . sasha yup . the biggest damn story of the year and I can not even run it . come on . sasha head toward Ryan . Lisa give pause before follow . int . house of blue - foundation room - night 89 Julian and Ryan reminisce . Ryan laugh loudly as Lisa , sasha and dina approach with serious face . Julian notice . julian everything alright ? Ryan spin around , sense the gravity of the situation . ryan what ... what be it ? int . ritz carlton - girl 's suite - night 90 Ryan , tear -stain eye , sit in a robe on the couch . her girl surround she . Lisa rub she back . ryan I try everything . I go to all the top specialist , try every fertility treatment on the market ... she give he what I could not . that 's why he do it . lisa ry , why do not you tell we you be have trouble get pregnant ? ryan because I be embarrassed ! I do not want anyone to know -- dina we be not just '' anyone '' . we be you girl . you have a problem , you tell we ! there 's a knock at the door . Lisa look through the peephole . lisa it 's Stewart . dina / sasha oh , hell no ./ the fuck do he want ? official White 6-15-16 95 . stewart ( 0.c. ) Ryan , please . we need to talk . Ryan gesture to let he in . the lady all glare at he . stewart alone . Ryan hesitates , then , to the girl -- ryan can you give we a minute ? the lady exchange look , but do as they tell . sasha we will wait for you downstairs . dina remove something from she purse and hand it to Ryan . dina take my taser . just in case . you can turn up the voltage with that dial on the side ... fuck it , I 'il just leave it on high . dina mouth '' I be watch you '' to Stewart , then leave . Ryan and Stewart sit down across from each other . ryan I could kill you . that 's how furious I be right now . stewart I talk to Simone . she 's agree to sign a nda in exchange for a monthly payment for she and the baby -- ryan so that make everything okay ?! you get she pregnant , when I can not ? stewart we can still do this , ry . no one will know . you do not have to believe I , but we can make it all work . the deal , all of it . Ryan glare at he in disbelief . ryan it 's not just about the money , stew ! do you have any idea how much ( more ) 91 official White 6-15-16 96 . ryan ( cont 'd ) you have hurt I ? you have ruin everything ! how can I trust you ? stewart I know you can not trust I as you husband anymore . but you can trust I as you business partner . this deal will set we up for life . we can not do it if we be apart . ryan do you even love I ? stewart of course I do , babe . but this be bigger than love . it 's marriage . Ryan stare at he , know she 's sell she soul if she stay . stewart Ryan without Stewart do not have it all ... int . ritz carlton - mezzanine - night 91 dina , Lisa and sasha sit in lounge chair . lisa I hope she kick he cheating ass out and tase he dickskin until it smell like bacon . dina damn , lis . you be the one talk '' work it out '' -- lisa change my mind the minute I see that look on he face . fuck he and the ho he ride in on . sasha amen ! Ryan walk up , game face on . lisa how would it go ? ryan stew 's figure out a way to handle the Simone situation . official White 6-15-16 they jaw drop . sasha so , you be stay with he ? ryan yes , we both make mistake . but we have have some good time together . dina do he dickmatize you that quick ?! ryan dina , he 's my husband . not some guy in a bathroom stall . I be not go to just throw everything away . Ryan 's phone ring . she ignore it . lisa I get it , Ryan . you be scared . when I leave terrence , I be terrify . I do not think I could make it on my own . but I be figure it out . you will too . i’1l help . ryan so I can live with my mother like you ? lisa wow . Shots fire . ryan I be sorry , but everything I have be dependent on we stay together ! my career , my brand -- I can not do it alone . if I give all this up -- I have nothing . sasha bullshit . you do not need he ! the Ryan we meet freshman year be already a star way before Stewart sashay he ass into the picture . and by the way , we all know that proposal story be bullshit . we be there ! dina yeah , he be so drunk he do not even remember he propose until you tell he the next day . 97 . official White 6-15-16 lisa he give you a ring make out of a gum wrapper . sasha be there even anything real leave with you two ? ryan I do not expect you to get it . you be all single ! you do not have any clue about how a relationship work ! whoa . this smack they hard . silence . dina the only reason I be single be because there 's no such thing as too many dick . ryan you be gonna get herpes with that attitude . sasha where the hell do you get off judge we personal life ? ryan say the woman who talk shit about people for a live ! Way to use that journalism degree -- sasha who 's talk shit now ? I get advanced degree , bitch . you the one with the bullshit mrs . lisa everybody breathe , dammit ! time the fuck out ! dina ( to Ryan ) that herpes shit be low . 98 . Ryan 's phone ring again . she finally answer the call . it 's Elizabeth . Ryan walk off to talk to she . ryan hello . official White 6-15 -16 99 . sasha 's phone begin blowing up with alert . '' Ryan and Stewart pierce mistress scandal . '' sasha oh shit ... Lisa and dina look at sasha , alarmed by she tone . lisa what 's wrong ? Ryan walk back up , piss . go right for sasha 's throat . ryan you connive bitch ! dina jump in to keep they separate . dina damn ! you bitch get strong ! sasha I do not leak it , I swear -- Simone must have . ryan I see you all huddle up with she . what have you sell it to another site to cover you track ? I know you be break . do not think I do not notice all the tag hang off you clothes . we all do . sasha look guilty that she 's expose . lisa / dina yeah / that be not red bottom / I have do it before ryan how much do you get for ruin my life ? lisa oh shit . it 's go viral ! # youcanthaveit all be trending . ryan congratulation , sash . whatever you get , I hope it be worth it . sasha you know what , Ryan ? Truth be , I do consider release it , but I ( more ) official White 6-15-16 100 . sasha ( cont 'd ) do not because you mean more to I than money . but you never value we friendship as much as you value you own success . ryan how can you say that ? I have always be a friend to you ! sasha no , you have not ! I work my ass off get we website off the ground . I quit my job at the Times , hire a designer ... and what do you do ? Left I high and dry ! because you think you have have a better chance at fame with Stewart . and not once have you apologize ! ryan if you have say no , I would not have ! you should have speak up . sasha you should have never put I in that position in the first place ! dina I mean ... you could have say no . sasha dina , nobody ask you -- lisa sasha , I do not think Ryan -- sasha just stop . I should have know better than to expect you two to back I . in this circle , we all know there 's a queen ... and she two worker bee . dina bitch , who you call a worker bee ? better take that shit back . sasha you know why we never hang out at home ? because we do not like get ban from restaurant . dina it be the olive Garden ! who give a fuck ? 92 93 official White 6-15-16 101 . lisa okay ! everybody , time out ! sasha Lisa ! shut up . we be not you kid ! lisa then stop act like it ! you know what ? I do not need this . I be go back home where I be appreciate ! Lisa walk off . dina fuck it . I , too . i’1ll hitchhike if I have to . better than be around a bunch of phony - ass bitch who forget how to be friend . ( to Ryan ) you owe I a taser . she leave . sasha and Ryan be leave stand there . ryan you satisfied , sasha ?! you ruin my life and twenty year of friendship . she walk off . sasha be all you bitch still on absinthe ? I do not do anything ! ext . new orlean crescent CITY connection bridge - sunrise 92 the sun rise over the Crescent City . int . new orlean dive bar - dawn 93 dina swirl she straw in a drink . not drink it . bartender you want I to make you something else instead ? dina shake she head -- no cocktail 's go to fix this . the hobo who flashed he junk to they at the shitty motel enter . drunk , not recognize she . official White 6-15-16 hobo you get any change ? dina you do not remember I ? he squint at she . hobo you rochelle ? dina yeah , I be rochelle . you ready for we date ? she pull out a purple strap -on- head - dildo from she purse . the hobo hesitates for a moment , then -- hobo where we gonna go ? dina 's have enough . dina freak . pull up a chair . 94 ext . jackson square fountain - day 102 . 94 Lisa sit on a bench facetime with she mom , who 's play twister with she grand - kid , tangle up like a pretzel . lisa I need you to get I from the airport -- I be come home early . delore what ? I do not get it . you be have such a good time ! lisa I know ! and now the weekend 's ruin . so I be come home . delore lis ? take it from I ... we be lucky if we get one really good friend in this lifetime . you have three . on Lisa contemplate she mother 's word . 95 96 97 98 99 official White 6-15-16 103 . int . the ritz carlton - girl 's suite bar area - day 95 Ryan get dress for the keynote speech , try to keep it together . the tv 's on in the background . wendy william ( v.o. ) hot topic ! so this picture of Stewart pierce slobbing down this instagram skank have I floor ! who ’da think there be trouble in paradise ? poor Ryan , right ? Ryan snatch up the remote , press a button . the screensaver come on . past essence fest photo of the girl pop up on screen . picture of they in much happier time . Ryan watch for a beat , then power it off . ext . ritz carlton - pool - day 96 sasha stare at she laptop screen . wendy william ...- honestly , I do not know how Ryan 's gonna survive this . especially as a quote- unquote relationship expert . sasha turn it off . andra Day 's '' rise up '' play as we see a montage of the girl : ext . cafe du monde - day 97 Lisa watch group of friend laugh and pass she . she sob and drown she sorrow by eat beignet . finally , she pull out she phone . texts dina : '' where be you ? '' int . ritz carlton HOTEL elevator 98 Ryan and Stewart meet in the elevator , stare straight ahead , no word . Ryan try to keep she head high . int . new orlean dive bar - day 99 Lisa enter , see dina sit at the bar share a pitcher of beer with the hobo . lisa now I know you be as upset as I be . 100 101 102 official White 6-15-16 104 . dina I know y'all probably only keep I around for laugh , but I love you bitch and would die for each one of you . Lisa tear up . lisa I know you would and that 's why we keep you around . you be the most fiercely loyal friend we will ever know and we be lucky to have you . laugh or not . they hug . dina we need to go see ry 's speech . she 's hurt right now and she need we . lisa let 's go -- dina and guess what we be wear ? int . ritz carlton - pool - day 100 sasha record a video for she blog . sasha ( v.0 . ) this morning I decide I no longer want to be part of a process that tear people down in order to profit . int . limo - day 101 Ryan look flawless despite everything . she ride in silence next to Stewart , who look equally stylish . the limo stop . Ryan put she game face on , then exit . ext . STREET - continuous 102 Ryan flash she million dollar smile to the crowd like a pro as reporter and paparazzi surround she and Stewart . 103 104 105 official White 6-15-16 105 . reporter # 1 Ryan , be it true that you have already file for divorce ? reporter # 2 Stewart , how many mistress do you have ? Ryan and Stewart , hand in hand , walk through , poise . ext . new orlean STREET - day 103 Lisa and dina 's phone ping . they stop to listen to sasha 's video post . int . essence venue - dressing room —- day 104 alone , Ryan stare at herself in the mirror , misty - eye , repeat she mantra for strength . at she lowest point . ryan I be strong , I be powerful , I be beautiful ... she see a bottle of champagne with a card from bethany that read '' congratulation to the woman who ' have it all 's ! '' Ryan 's phone buzy . she pick it up , see sasha 's tag she in a post . Ryan listen . sasha ( v.o. ) effective immediately , '' sasha 's secret '' be no more . int . ritz carlton - mezzanine level - day 105 sasha cross the lobby with she bag in town , a plain outfit - * not try to floss - and what 's leave of she dignity . as she * round the corner -- sasha look up , surprised . Lisa and dina walk toward she . wearing they flossy posse vest that Lisa make . dina so you be go to drop the mic on you blog and jet ? sasha though it might have be best that way . official White 6-15-16 106 . lisa ( hugging she ) you think wrong . sasha look , y’all . I know it might be hard to believe , but I do not do it . lisa we know . she hand sasha she flossy posse vest . sasha I just want to go back to the way thing be ... dina shit , we all do ! you find I a time machine where we can all live in the same dorm eat top ramen and mad Dog 20 / 20 for dinner , I be there ... but we be grow - ass woman now and we get to make this shit work , so buckle up , bitch . we be not let you out . sasha ( put on the vest ) damn ! look at you ! all give pep talk -- Lisa look at she watch . lisa shit ! Ryan 's speech . we gotta move ! it start in twenty minute ! 106 int . convention CENTER - GREEN room / dressing room - day 106 Elizabeth walk Ryan and Stewart through the plan . elizabeth here 's we strategy : deny , deny , deny . it 's a doctore photo . we could spin it as a tmz / National Enquirer hoax . say you refuse a interview and they be be vindictive . bottom line , they be asshole , you be golden . Ryan nod , breathes in , try to pull herself together . 107 108 109 official White 6-15-16 107 . ext./ int . cab - day 107 gridlock . Cars be honk . driver yell . horse crapping . the lady survey the traffic , panic . lisa we be not go to make it ! sasha pull cash from she wallet and hand it to the driver . sasha yes , we be . we be just go to have to do it on foot . dina I be not run in this heat . sasha / lisa dina , let 's go ! dina sigh , then climb out , piss . ext . STREET - day - moment later 108 the lady run . poop out after two block . lisa ( breathless ) fuck , we be old . they see new orlean 's signature mode of transpo : a pedi - bike riding by . sasha hey ! wait up ! ext . STREET - moment later 109 sasha and Lisa in the canopy . we reveal dina straddle the driver 's lap as he look over she shoulder to navigate . lisa step on it , man ! stop bullshit ! he pump he leg harder . dina yes , yasssss . slower , baby . slower. official White 6-15-16 108 . int . convention CENTER - MAIN auditorium - day 110 every seat be fill . Julian sit down in the back . Ryan and Stewart walk out hand in hand . Ryan survey the crowd for she girl . they be not there . Ryan sigh , disappointed , as Stewart walk on stage . ext . convention CENTER drive - day 111 the pedicab weave in and out traffic as the lady draw nearer to the convention center . ext . ernest morial convention CENTER -- continuous 112 they climb out the cab and run through throng of people to push inside . int . convention CENTER - MAIN auditorium - day 113 a very compose Stewart begin speak into the mic . stewart it 's my honor and privilege to introduce this year 's essence keynote speaker . together , we have weathered many storm and overcome some of the toughest challenge . ( then ) please welcome my rock , the woman I be proud to call my wife ... Ryan pierce ! the crowd cheer as Ryan walk on stage . Stewart plant a kiss on she cheek , then take a seat . ryan thank you , stew , for that wonderful introduction . thank you essence for the honor of speak today . and last but not least , thank you all for come out to support I ... Ryan read Elizabeth 's prepare statement from a teleprompter . ryan ( cont 'd ) as most of you know , there have be many question about the status of my marriage . and I would like to put that rumor to rest ... the picture that surface this morning be not ( more ) 114 official White 6-15 -16 109 . ryan ( cont 'd ) real . all allegation of infidelity be false . my husband and I be in a loving , faithful marriage . int . convention CENTER - hallway - same time 114 the lady , sweaty and out of breath , run down the hall . sasha spot the main auditorium door . they be close . sasha oh no , it 's already start ... dina reach for the handle . a volunteer halt they . volunteer sorry , lady . no late entry . Lisa and sasha look to dina , knowingly . int . convention CENTER - MAIN auditorium - moment later 115 with a loud bang the back door open abruptly as dina kick they in , the lady tumble inside , cause a scene . volunteer ( 0.c. ) dina I be call security ! I say step back , fool ! Ryan stop . everyone turn and look toward the commotion . dina straighten she clothing . Lisa smile politely . lisa please ... continue . Ryan smile , take in the sight of she girl . she look into the audience , see various women she 's encounter over the weekend . woman who look up to she . Ryan try to continue . ryan in fact , my husband and I be stronger than ever ... Ryan pause for a long beat . her emotion catch up . sasha ( sotto ) come on , ry ... the crowd wait . Ryan wrestle with she conscience . then look at she girl , she support system , the flossy posse . official White 6-15-16 110 . ryan ( cont 'd ) my agent write a very convincing statement for I to read to you . and I really think I could go through with it ... because I have do a really great job of pretend so many time before . but sometimes you reach a point when you just can not anymore . and I can not . I be tired of all the lie ... Stewart look nervous as hell . he stand , try to stop she . stewart ry , let 's take a minute here -- ryan ( cont 'd ) Stewart , sit down . please . stewart Ryan , baby . be careful -- ryan sit you ass down . now . ( to the audience ) the picture be real . my husband be have a affair . when I find out , I feel a lot of thing : anger. heartache . betrayal . but mostly , fear . fear that my marriage be end and that I would be alone . and I be terrify of that ... so terrify I be willing to stay with someone who betrayed my trust . so terrify I be willing to accept be treat as less than I be ... Stewart hang he head . humiliate . people be shocked . ryan ( cont 'd ) and I know that I be not alone in this . I know a lot of we stay in bad relationship because we have convinced ourselves that be disrespect be better than be alone . but we should not fear be alone . because there 's power in be - discover we own voice . Julian , in the audience , smile . official White 6-15-16 111. ryan ( cont 'd ) and I would forget that . I forget that year before I be Stewart 's wife , I be Ryan . a woman with she own ambition . her own dream . she make eye contact with sasha , Lisa and dina . ryan ( cont 'd ) but luckily , my girl remind I of that ... remind I of my own worth . and that there be a time when I do not fear anything . they eye well with pride . ryan ( cont 'd ) no one have the power to shatter you dream unless you give it to they . and I refuse to give anyone that power again . Ryan look out at she fan in the crowd . ryan ( cont 'd ) if anything , I hope that I revealing my truth inspire you to realize you own . thank you for listen . Ryan make a swift exit , fight off tear . as the door close , a eruption of applause . Stewart sit there , stunne . int . essence venue - dressing room - day 116 all three lady rush in . Ryan look at they , say genuinely -- ryan I be so sorry , I do not mean any of what I say earlier . I be just -- lisa we know . we be so proud of you , ry . that be beautiful ... really brave . dina ( fight back tear ) you my nigga for real . sasha hang back , try to find the right word . official White 6-15-16 112 . sasha Ryan , I would never hurt you , you have to -- ryan I believe you . sasha smile , breathes a huge sigh of relief . lisa yes ! now hug it out ! sasha roll she eye at Lisa , then pull Ryan into a hug . then Elizabeth walk in . Ryan look at she apologetically . ryan Liz , do not hate I , I -- elizabeth bethany still want to do the deal -- ryan but how -- elizabeth with just you . Ryan take this in , stunne . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) turn out single woman be a even bigger market . ryan seriously ?! ecstatic , Ryan hug Elizabeth . dina well y'all know what that mean ... it 's a celebration , bitch ! dina pop the champagne bottle . the lady all cheer . 117 int . mercede superdome - night 117 the lady watch mariah carey sing '' fly like a Bird . '' sway to the music . have fun . lisa you okay ? Ryan shake she head . decide to keep it real . official White 6-15-16 113. ryan not yet . but I will be . sasha whip out she selfie stick . sasha selfie time ! dina this bitch ... the lady all gather and pose for a iconic selfie . a freeze frame capture it and date it 2017 . on Ryan , find strength in this moment with she girl . ryan ( prelap ) in the end , I have to redefine what '' have it all '' really mean ... int . convention CENTER - CENTER stage - day 118 super : one year later at essence 2018 tamron Hall sit across from Ryan , mid-interview . ryan ... so often , we have use that phrase to describe a woman who have a relationship and a successful career . I use to define it that way , too , but I have since evolve . tamron hall what do it mean to you now ? ryan have it all mean have people in you life who elevate you . int . lisa 's house - day 119 Lisa be on a date . confidence restore . ryan ( v.o. ) Friends who be nurture ... Lisa get a call from she kid and we see the wallpaper on she phone be the photo of we lady at essence fest . 120 121 122 official White 6-15-16 114 . int . atlanta club - VIP area - night 120 Club patron laugh , drink and have a good time . dina walk around , check on the ciroc girl . running the show . she see diddy across the club and give he a nod . ryan ( v.o. ) ... who be fearless . dina pull out she essence fest photo on she smart phone and admire it . int . ryan and sasha 's office - day 121 empty office . box everywhere . sasha hang up a frame , blow up variety article that read : '' own pick up Ryan pierce and sasha Franklin 's woman 's empowerment series . '' ryan ( v.o. ) ... who share you goal to contribute to the world ... sasha set the essence fest photo prominently on she desk . int . convention CENTER - CENTER stage - day 122 Ryan sit , thoughtful and introspective . ryan ..- have it all mean surround yourself with people who love and support you . and who will not let you be afraid to go after the life you want . tamron hall well put . but I do have to ask , now that the divorce be final , be you dating anyone special ? ryan I learn my lesson the first time -- I be not talk about my love life ! I will say this though , I be the happiest I have be in a long time . she give a genuine smile as we CUT to : in the Convention Center audience we see Julian wait all smile . 123 124 official White 6-15-16 115 . convention CENTER - CENTER stage backstage 123 Ryan approach Julian stand with sasha , dina and Lisa . ryan ( cont 'd ) so ... how be I ? julian you be still the shit . he kiss she as Lisa , sasha and dina walk up together . lisa / sasha / dina there she be !/ bring it in , girl / you one brilliant bitch ! as they hug , we know the flossy posse will always ride . fade out . credit roll over : 124 the pinettes , a all - female brass band lead a second line march and we lady down bourbon Street as they play a brass band version of I be every woman