girl with a pearl earring by olivia hetreed for Educational purpose only int . griet' house day a bare white wall . sunlight fall softly through a open window . sound from outside ; water - lap against stone ; a woman call a greeting ; wooden clog on cobble . the plaster be roughly finish . there be blue grey shadow , a fuzz of brown dust , pale cream highlight . Inside the house quiet noise ; the swish of a scrubbing brush on stone ; a rock chair creak to and for ; a knife chopping . close on : a kitchen knife , sharp -edge , pitte black , slice through white - green onion ring , juice fleck the blade . slivers of onion pile up on a dark wood chopping board , tiny thread of yellow - green in the white . reflected for a moment before the blade sweep they away . ext . vermeer house day a handsome dutch town house , red-brick , three storey high . the front door open and a man and woman come out . his clothes be dark and fine , he face half - hide by a wide hat . she be ripely pregnant , she belly large against the swathes of she fine velvet dress . she lean on he arm for support , but still lead the way . caption over : delft 1664 ext . delft street day as they walk through the prosperous town they be greet and bow to : people of consequence . he nod , she smile and wave to acquaintance , blonde curl dance . int . griet' house day split a red cabbage , expose the white vein between dark purple leave . a girl 's hand , small and deat , place the cabbage by the onion . ext . gate near bridge day the couple cross a bridge over the canal , turn into narrower street , poorer house tightly - pack . women in white cap and apron over dark clothes look up from scrubbing front door step , working men raise they hat . he still nod , she ignore they . a boy ( fran ) lean on the bridge , watch from under a mop of blond curl . the moment they be go he be off - racing down the street , cut through a alleyway to get ahead of they . November 2003 int . griet' house day in the kitchen he sister , griet , react to the sound of the door ; eye wide , lip parte . anticipation , uncertainty , even fear . a look we will come to recognise . fran ( 0 /s ) mother ! griet pull the stiff fold of she white cap further forward round she face , resume she work . she be slight , a young girl but with a sureness to she movement which seem older . her clothes be as plain and severe as the narrow Calvinist room , the fresh - cut vegetable the only stroke of colour . she slide carrot onto the dish , absorb in the pattern she be create . her mother come hurry into the room in she starch best clothes . a brief , irritate glance at the dish . mother leave that . griet put down the knife carefully . int . stair / attic day griet hurry up narrow stair to a room under the eave , so low even she must stoop . only a shaft of light penetrate the room . in the darkest corner a man hunch in a rock chair . griet Father . griet squat in front of he . we see he hand be badly disfigure , finger twisted into a claw , skin taut and shiny pink in place , otherwise ridge and gnarled . griet ( cont 'd ) the Guild master ... he nod , face in shadow . this be a expect event . there be a silent understanding between they . griet place he best black jacket on the bed , guide he hand with she spread finger . after a moment he stop she , instead he search with fumble finger on a shelf by the bed . there be several tile propped there , blue figure on white . he feel for one in particular . a girl and boy , hand in hand . the unmistakable line of griet 's cap , fran fling a arm joyfully in the air . he press it into griet be hand , a gesture of regret and apology . November 2003 ext . griet' house day the handsome couple stop at a small house . now they have arrive the woman hesitates , suddenly nervous . her husband tidy a strand of she hair then knock at the door . int . attic day from below the woman 's voice ; over - loud , she heel clatter on the tile floor . grietn father lift he head - the first full sight of he face , taut and twisted , as if it have be melt and re-set , the eye scar and blind . Recent , terrible injury . griet try to ease on he coat . grieth father I cannot ... ( meet he ) . int . kitchen day griet run into position , cheek flushed , and be once more chopping the vegetable as she mother lead in the visitor . mother this be griet . the man and woman step down into the kitchen , crowd the narrow space . griet look to she mother for guidance , carry on with she work , head bent . the woman , catharina , talk fast , distractedly , she hand forever move , twist the blonde curl on she neck . catharina she 's very small . you think she be strong enough ? we can not have a girl who be always wear out and complain . my mother be worried about she age . and she 's never work outside the home before . catharina seem too large for the room , too opulent , a pearl - inlaid crucifix dangle heavily between she breast . mother she be strong . a good girl and willing . catharina all thing consider I suppose it must do but there will have to be a trial . how long should it be , husband ? he be not listen , gaze abstractedly at the wall . catharina hurry on . November 2003 catharina ( cont 'd ) I do not know , I can not have someone in the house who will not pull she weight . as it be I hardly ... ( can make end meet . ) there be all the child to think of too . my husband be Guild master but we be under no obligation to do this . no obligation at all . mother ( Stony ) she work hard . catharina twist she necklace round she finger . maybe she go too far . catharina I mean to say we be sorry for you husband 's misfortune . it be a fire ? mother the kiln explode . two man die . he be spare . catharina cross herself . catharina deo gratias . grietn mother stiffen at the papist word . uncomfortable silence . mother ( at last ) aye , God be thank . catharina ( brightly ) well , shall we say a month and if she prove satisfactory - ( I will keep she on . ) man what be you do , griet ? the man be voice cut across he wife 's . griet look up , startle . he be stare at the vegetable she have arrange in swathes of colour on the dish . griet hesitates . her mother glare at she . griet cut vegetable for soup , sir . man why do you lay they out like that ? his quietness be intense , he cool grey eye hold hers . griet I - I - ready for the soup , sir . November 2003 catharina snort . griet be throw ; he have intrude into she private world . instinctively she pull she cap forward . man ( gently ) be that the order they go in the pot ? griet no , sir . the man make a small impatient gesture , she answer be not what he want . her mother be silently urging she . he pick up a piece of onion and turnip . man you have separate the white . and the carrot and cabbage ? griet the colour fight each other . man ah . his eyebrow go up , a small smile . griet find she be very pleased to have pleased he . catharina be that how you spend you time - arrange vegetable ? griet ( alarm ) oh no . not at all . the man drop the shred of onion and turnip , deliberately careless . griet be finger move to rearrange they but she control herself . the man be still watch . man she might clean my studio . his casual word be shocking to he wife . she gasp and turn ; too quickly , the heavy belly off- balance . the kitchen knife spin off the table and clatter on the ground . man ( cont 'd ) catharina ! ( quietly ) be careful . griet bend to pick up the knife , crouching at he foot , she face inch from the rich trim of he cloak . griet Excuse I , master vermeer . November 2003 int . bedroom dawn in the half dark griet neatly fold a chemise , two starch apron , a woollen shawl , she prayer book . fran pretend to sleep as she tiptoe out . int . kitchen dawn griet 's mother pull oat cake from the griddle and burn she hand . the only clue to she heartbreak . griet hold a wet rag to the burn . a rare moment of contact . recovering herself griet' mother fold the oat cake into a clean muslin . mother the food may be strange to you stomach . how can she begin to tell she daughter all she need to know ? mother ( cont 'd ) keep clear of they Catholic prayer . or if you must be with they when they pray , stop you ear . griet nod dutifully . her mother hesitates then reach to the back of the mantelpiece and bring down a tin box , the family treasure chest . it contain some silver coin , a few legal papers and a tortoiseshell comb , prettily decorate but old . mother ( cont 'd ) have it from my mother , the day I be marry . I never think we family would come to this . ( a beat ) I hear the master be a good man . she do not know she own mind - someone should have stand up to she before now . she would work you to death and not even notice . a silence . abruptly she thrust the comb and cake at griet . mother ( cont 'd ) go on then . ext . delft market square day griet cross the empty central square , at one end the grand fagade of the town Hall , at the other the vast brick bulk of the New Church . a few stall holder be set up . at the brick star in the middle of the square griet hesitates . she adjust the bundle under she arm , square she shoulder , head across the square into the unknown . she look small and lonely in the huge space . November 2003 ext . STREET day griet walk along a unfamiliar street . ext . vermeer house , oude langendijck day on a bench outside sit four well - dress girl , one with a baby boy on she lap . four pair of watchful eye assess she in silence . the oldest , maertge ( pronounce mertha ) hold a cockle shell and pipe-stem . the youngest ( lisbeth ) , clutching a rag doll , pull at maertge be sleeve impatiently . after a moment the next oldest , cornelia , a thin , quick child with bright red hair snatch they and blow a stream of bubbles . they float upwards , glisten in the sunshine . cornelia tell tanneke the new may be here . after a moment maertge decide this be the right thing to do . the little one run after she . griet and cornelia be leave alone . cornelia eye griet , smirk at she heavy clothing and clumsy shoe . ext . courtyard day tanneke , the stolid servant of the house , lead the way , talk as she go . tanneke Young mistress be out this morning . I be to show you round . she sniff , as if to say this be not a proper part of she duty . her face be red from the stove , cheek pock . she indicate the water pump as she lead the way up the step . tanneke ( cont 'd ) Water for the table . int . washing kitchen day the washing kitchen have a big copper cauldron set over a fire . there be a large heap of soile laundry . tanneke take water from the canal for laundry , it 's clean enough this side of town . soda , copper , boiler , sand and soap . the middle of the room be full of sheet drying , carelessly arrange . surreptitiously griet straighten the nearest sheet . November 2003 tanneke ( cont 'd ) line go out to bleach in the sun . in here in bad weather . flat iron , linen press , press table . cook kitchen ... she sweep on down the step . int . cooking kitchen day tanneke 's stronghold , dominate by the big cooking fire . pot and pan , none too clean , hang on the wall . tanneke carelessly throw some onion skin in the grate . tanneke you be to help serve and clear . buy fish and meat from the market when Young mistress do not want to - and that 's often enough . she curve a hand out beyond she own substantial belly . tanneke ( cont 'd ) you will take you meal with I and the child . pewter and silver , need polish every week . she pull on a rope and pulley to open a trapdoor down to the cellar . tanneke ( cont 'd ) that 's you sleep place . scour the pot and pan . fetch in the milk and butter . no time to pause as tanneke lead the way through to another room . int . great hall day there be painting hang thickly on every wall . griet be distract by the dazzle variety of colour and image . glancing up she sees cornelia watch from the upstairs balcony . tanneke rattles off instruction . tanneke Dust and polish the woodwork , beat the carpet , trim the candlewick . floor scrubbed morning and night . Young mistress and master sleep and have company here . the furniture be solid and intricately carve , the heavy curtain round the marriage bed richly brocade . but dirty laundry , child 's shoe and toy lie scattered on the floor , disorderly and profuse , the opposite of griet be clean , bare home . November 2003 tanneke ( cont 'd ) Air the bedding , wash and press the sheet and linen , heat water for Young mistress to bathe , empty the pot . tanneke stand with hand on hip , out of breath . her apron be grey and soile with grease spot , she finger reddene from work . cornelia come and lean on tanneke , catlike in she temporary affection . griet have you be do all this yourself , tanneke ? the cooking and clean and wash ? the right word . tanneke puff with grim pride . tanneke nobody but . would have put pay to a scrawny creature like you - day in , day out . on top of all the errand bar the draper and ' pothec'ry . she look around with proprietorial pride . tanneke ( cont 'd ) ( Kinder ) you will get use to it . cornelia notice griet stare at the painting . cornelia do you like they ? cornelia be look up at she , alert and interested . griet smile back . griet do you father do all this ? cornelia laugh scornfully . cornelia no ! he just sell they . all he painting go straight away . griet feel stupid , as she be mean to , but tanneke be already bustling out of the room , griet must hurry after . tanneke this way . int . great hall / maria thin room day tanneke open the door to a smaller but finely furnish room . she allow griet to glimpse inside . November 2003 10 tanneke my mistress , Maria thins have this room . ' tis she own the house - not she daughter , for all she fine air . griet have a impression of gaudy Catholic painting , fine velvet and a prie - dieu . int . stair to studio day griet follow tanneke 's broad back up the stair . tanneke point towards the door at the end of the corridor . in spite of herself she be frighten , she voice a whisper . tanneke you be to clean in there . as griet take a step in that direction . tanneke ( cont 'd ) ( scandalise ) not now ! he 's painting . int . cellar night carry a night light , griet go carefully down the ladder into the cellar . the glint of bottle and jar , a break footstool , a child 's wooden top , the paint dim under layer of dust . a sleep place with a mattress , bolster and blanket have be make on a low wooden shelf . griet arrange she few possession neatly : the prayer book and comb , she best lace collar , chemise and apron , she father 's tile . wearily she kneel to pray . her hand be already red and raw from all the work . she be about to take off she cap when she stop , uneasy . she look around the dark room , shadow flicker in the candlelight . suddenly she see a face , ghostly white . it be a pleta ; Mary hold the dead body of Christ , the virgin 's face hollow - eye with grief , a arm raise in wild despair . griet look at it uneasily . then with a quick decisive movement she take she spare apron and drape it over the painting . blow out she candle . only the faintest glimmer of light come from the open trapdoor . in the dark she can hear noise from the household , the master be low voice and laughter . she curl up into a ball . int . washing kitchen - day with a effort griet heave up a full pitcher of water and tip it into the wash copper . a fire blaze under the copper and griet wipe the sweat from she eye . November 2003 11 ext . courtyard day griet scrub at soile linen on a washboard . there be wet sheet hang up , a huge pile still to do . her finger be raw from the wash soda and hot water . catharina come out , move slowly with the weight of she belly . her chemise be already crumpled , she look hot and tired , the blonde curl damp on she neck . she watch griet work . griet turn and dip a curtsey . griet good Morning , madam . catharina look annoyed . catharina do not speak till you be speak to . but she seem exhaust by this , continue to stand there absently , one hand on she belly , the other nervously jangling the household key which hang at she hip . griet take a man 's shirt from the laundry basket . catharina make a effort . catharina ( cont 'd ) tanneke show you what need to be do ? the laundry and so on . she have barely more experience of this situation than griet . griet yes , madam . the shopping when you want . ( a beat ) and the studio ... catharina 's face tighten instantly . catharina this be only a trial , nothing be settle yet . int . house / ground floor day griet follow catharina through the house , carry a mop , cloth and bucket . cornelia dart up the stair ahead of griet . int . corridor outside studio day outside the studio catharina stop , catch she breath . griet wait in silence . catharina stare at the close door . cornelia tug at she skirt . catharina Cornelia , go down . but when cornelia ignore she catharina make no further effort . she seem trap , helpless . a finger twist and twist in she hair . rovember 2003 12 catharina ( cont 'd ) I .. my husband ... you be to clean in there . ( a beat ) go in . go in ! hesitantly griet sidle past they and open the door . Inside be a heavy curtain she must push aside . cornelia try to follow but catharina grab she back as if from the edge of a cliff . int . studio day now griet be inside , look out . catharina be stick in the doorway , hold back the curtain , cornelia glower at she side . catharina you must disturb nothing , leave all just as it be . griet hold she mop and pail in the middle of the room , not want to start while catharina watch . catharina ( cont 'd ) well , open the shutter . you can not work in the dark . griet move from window to window pull open the heavy wooden shutter , sunlight flood into the room . downstair the baby start cry , catharina push she curl back impatiently . catharina ( cont 'd ) he must not be disturb . ( a beat ) it 's important . with this word , almost a plea , catharina close the door . Left alone griet look round the studio . it be large and unclutter , unlike the rest of the house . clean palettes and brushes laid neatly on a table , a tall cupboard , a half - open deor through into a storeroom . in one corner a table cover with a blue cloth , a open letter , the tool of a lady 's toilette laid out in careful disarray . a wocden lay figure ( artist 's dummy ) drape in a bright yellow satin jacket . the picture set . very carefully , anchore she hand on the corner of the table , griet lift the letter , dust the cloth underneath and replace it . she use she finger as she do with she father 's clothes , move along methodically , fix , lift and clean . a sudden flash of movement alarm she . then she realise it be a mirror , fix on the wall above the table . she stare at herself . the light from the window make she skin glow ; she look beautiful , transfigure . she turn away , embarrassed . November 2603 13 she avoid the painting for as long as she can . it be not large . but at last she have to look . a woman stand gaze into the mirror as griet do , transfix , she pearl necklace forget in she hand . the light fall softly on she profile and on the object littering the table in artful disarray . her yellow satin mantle seem to glow . griet stare , eye wide in wonder . a chuckle . griet swing round to find a lady watch she from the doorway . she wear a stiff - bodice black dress encrust with shiny beadwork and a wide white collar . under she starch cap she eye be shrewd and amused . instinctively griet pull she own cap forward . maria thin chuckle again , puff on a pipe she be hold in tobacco - stain finger . maria thin that 's right , girl . you keep it to yourself in this house . in spite of herself griet look back at the picture . maria thin ( cont 'd ) you nre not the first to forget you manners in front of he painting . griet curtsey , a mumble '' madam '' . maria thin ( cont 'd ) master Van ruijven 's wife . maria thin rake the room with sharp eye , gather information . maria thin ( cont 'd ) it 's like enough - though I never see so much in she . griet look from the painting to the set . although the object lie on the table in the same way , the map on the wall and the window be almost the same , the effect be not . griet it 's all ... different . more ... maria thin nod she head , then sigh . maria thin should have ask more for it too . do you think it finish ? griet study the painting . it certainly look finish . maria thin laugh harshly . November 2003 14 maria thin ( cont 'd ) Three month already . another three before he 's satisfied , no doubt . griet 's eye widen in surprise . suddenly maria thin be angry . maria thin ( cont 'd ) get along , girl . you be not pay to stand gaw all day . griet hurriedly gather up she clean thing . ext . courtyard day the courtyard be hang with white sheet , drying in the sun . griet be clean silverware , she hand and apron be black with tarnish , the cup and bowl beside she sparkle . she make reflection dance across the wall for the child ( also black - hand ) to run after . the girl laugh and squeal , the baby gurgle and tumble after they . cornelia be quick , she red-gold hair brilliant in the sunshine . she leap after the will - o- wisp of light . cornelia I will catch it ! griet too be fascinate by the light , white flame across the white cloth , pale orange on the red brickwork , dazzle at the window . through the glass she catch a movement in the room above , the iight flicker over the master 's face . griet let the bowl drop from she hand , confuse . she want to pull she cap forward but she hand be dirty . the girl fall silent at once , cornelia glare . cornelia ( cont 'd ) you make we ! griet crouch to pick up the bowl . when she dare look up again the window be empty . the girl have disappear . griet ( whisper ) lisbeth ? aleydis ? giggles from amongst the sheet . griet search among the linen to find lisbeth and aleydis happily make filthy hand print on the clean sheet . griet ( cont 'd ) stop that ! November 2003 15 see griet be face aleydis stop at once , old enough to know better . lisbeth still think it 's a game . griet pull aside another sheet to reveal cornelia . the sheet be smear with grime . cornelia it 's dirty now . cornelia make another hand print and laugh . in response griet slap she , sharp on the cheek , a black smirch over the red . cornelia 's eye widen in shock but she do not cry . ext . meat market - day maertge and cornelia accompany tanneke and griet towards the grand fagade of the meat market ; stone ox head over the classical entrance . int . meat market day the meat market be bustling with housewive and maid buy meat . porter carry bloody carcass along the sawdust~strewn aisle . tanneke lead the way importantly to one of the smartest stall , where the meat have be laid out with gruesome wit : a wreath of kidney round a calf 's head , a flower in its hairy ear . paul , the butcher , watch they come with a shrewd smile . paul what have you get for I , tanneke ? tanneke Paul . this be griet , the new may . she will fetch the meat now , with a effort griet look away from the jaunty calf . paul so griet , what take you fancy ? nothing 's too good for this family . paul wink at she . he be a handsome man with grey fair hair and a broad , cheerful face . griet hesitates , look to tanneke . tanneke count off the order on she stubby finger . tanneke a ox tongue and a dozen chop . paul in the book again ? tanneke nod curtly , she hate this conversation . paul laugh , hold out the slab of tongue to maertge and cornelia . paul ( cont 'd ) what do you think girl ? best tongue in delft , eh? November 2003 16 he stick he own tongue out , maertge and cornelia giggle . griet look at the chop go into she pail , pull one out , hold and sniff it . griet this be not fresh . the mistress wont like it . the butcher look at she in surprise , tanneke go red . griet hold the meat out stubbornly . a long moment then paul smile broadly . paul pieter ! a young man come over , wiping he hand on he apron . he be tall and broad - shoulder like he father , with golden curl , a easy smile . griet blushes and tighten she grip on the shopping pail as he look at she then he father . paul ( cont 'd ) get the parcel on the cart . pieter but that 's for .. ( mistress Van der velde . ) his father frown . pieter shrug and bring over a parcel which paul unwrap and hold out to griet . she inspect the meat , nod curtly . griet that 's better . tanneke turn away crossly . Father and son exchange a amused , approve glance , paul we will see you again , griet . int . entrance hall day griet be sweeping the hall when she suddenly stop . frame in the doorway she see a man unload a narrow wooden box . plain and dark , like a child 's coffin . vermeer supervise from the stair . int . stair day carry she clean thing griet cautiously go into the studio . int . studio day the room be just as usual except that on a table , place where the easel would normally stand , be the strange wooden box . November 2003 17 griet begin she clean , but she curiosity be too strong for she . she go over to the strange box , a faint pretence at clean it as she examine it . vermeer ( 0.s. ) you want to look into it ? griet jump back guiltily at the disembody voice . vermeer laugh and swing down from a trapdoor in the attic . vermeer ( cont 'd ) a camera obscura . the strange word mean nothing to griet but she be curious as he look into the box , make adjustment . satisfied , he step back . vermeer ( cont 'd ) look into the glass . griet move jerkily forward and look down at the glass plate inside the box . she see nothing . vermeer ( cont 'd ) put this on . over you head . vermeer take he heavy cloak and gently drape it over she , envelop she in darkness . like a jewel , a image be there in the dark , the painting , minute and perfect in glow colour . only the real woman be miss . griet step back in confusion , the robe fall to the floor . her face be flushed , she drop to she knee grab at the cloak . griet I be sorry , sir . I all clean it straight away . vermeer take it carelessly . vermeer never mind that . what do you see ? griet swallow . his question seem to be ask for more than mere fact . griet I see the set . he start to fiddle with the box , adjust angle . griet be fascinate . griet ( cont 'd ) but ... November 2003 18 vermeer hmm ? griet how do it get in there ? vermeer smile . it be as though the sun be shine on she . vermeer I be amaze when I first see it . he beckon she forward to look into the box beside he . vermeer ( cont 'd ) beam of reflect light from the corner pass through this lens and be bent onto the glass plate here . griet strain to understand . with both of they lean over the box the image can be faintly see , a ghost . griet put she finger on the glass . griet be it real ? vermeer it 's a image - a picture make of light . he start to shut up the camera . griet be intrigue . griet do the box show you what to paint ? vermeer laugh , not unkindly . vermeer it help . she frown , confuse . he be watch she now . vermeer ( cont 'd ) you clean the table , griet . why be the thing set on it as they be ? griet for the lady . to look as if it be she dress table . vermeer more than that ... vermeer move impatiently , she wish she know the answer he want . suddenly he stride across the room and remove the silver bowl , stand the powder brush on its bristle . griet be startle ; it 's a kind of sacrilege to disturb the set . November 2003 19 vermeer ( cont 'd ) now , look again . he hold the cloak over they both so that as they bend over the screen they face be light by the image on the glass . she be intensely conscious of he face next to hers , he be intent on what he see . she make herself concentrate . the image be there again , this time without the silver bowl at its centre . griet ( hesitant ) it 's darker . and the brush poke up at the end . a faint sound of approval from vermeer . vermeer the line be break ... you can see . int . cellar night griet wake with a start . it be dark , a spill of light from the trapdoor above . Wild shriek fill the house . griet tumble up the step , still tie she apron , to find tanneke in the kitchen , blow on the fire , agitate . tanneke there you be . fetch some water , will you . ( muttering ) bless Mary , mother of God ... more scream from the Hall , maria thin 's calming voice . tanneke ( cont 'd ) ( hide she fear ) six baby . why do she have to make such a racket ? ext . courtyard night griet pump water from the cistern , cold water splash into the metal pan , not loud enough to drow catharina 's groan . int . cellar night griet hide on the step , hand over she ear . int . great hall dawn the child crowd around they mother and the new baby ( a boy ) on the bed . catharina be radiant , pink -cheek and smile . tanneke look proud and pleased , hold up little johanne to see he new brother . a priest rattles through a bless , a midwife clear away bloody cloth . griet bring wine , hesitates in the doorway . November 2003 20 maertge put it on , papa ! you must . there . vermeer crawl out from the embrace of he daughter . he be wear a little velvet '' paternity '' cap deck with ribbon . his face be flushed , hair and clothes rumple and messy . maria thin tap with she cane , startling griet , who stand aside at once . maria thin watch she daughter and family , a wry smile . she have a fold note in she hand . maria thin take this invitation to the house of you master 's patron , pieter van ruijven . ext . van ruijven's house day a boat ferries griet towards a impose Renaissance mansion , one of the grandest house in town . van ruijven be business occupy the quayside , a prosperous commercial bustle . the boat nose into the boathouse . int . van ruijven 's great hall day van ruijven read the letter , hold it up to the light from the window . he be richly dress , with longish dark hair and a moustache hide a weak mouth and chin . van ruijven so , finish at last . and the baby too . Jan 's brood mare . hot -tempere be she , you mistress ? hard to handle ? he look up from the note and run he eye over griet , so blatantly lascivious that griet cannot stop herself from blush . she pull the point of she cap forward . van ruijven laugh . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) she want a answer , you will have to wait . he go over to a carve desk , find a quill and paper . griet gaze around the Hall , far grander than vermeer 's with several vermeer painting among other on the wall . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) a very pretty picture . van ruijven be eyeing she . griet look down in silence . he pour wine from a porcelain jug . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) be you thirsty ? griet be shocked , try to hide it . novenber 2003 21 griet no , sir . van ruijven I would not tell . he smile conspiratorially . griet no , sir . he drink and wipe he moustache , glance at catharina 's note . van ruijven hm , " honoure guest " . it be the old woman 's idea to combine the birth feast and the view , no doubt . she 's a tight fist . he scrawl he reply and blot it as he talk . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) I be not turn out for small beer and biscuit , tell she . this brat and I deserve a proper feast . it 's time they make a show , let the world know they worth . you have very wide eye . what do they call you ? griet griet . van ruijven you master 's a fine painter , griet . finest in delft , though I sha not tell he so . he have paint I . perhaps that will be my epitaph . he laugh at he own joke ; a rich , powerful man of the world . griet have never meet anyone like he . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) come , take a look . he draw back the curtain to reveal a painting by he desk . griet have to move a step or two closer to look at it , closer to he too . the painting , by vermeer , be a drink scene : in the foreground a young woman in a gorgeous red dress ( the woman from the tavern ) smile towards we , while a gentleman ( van ruijven ) give she a glass of wine . behind they in a shadowy corner another man , head on hand , be bored or asleep . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) look at that dress , you can almost stroke the satin . and the wine winking through the glass . it stank mind you , sour as vinegar by the end of each day - I have to send out for more . November 2003 22 van ruijven ( cont 'd ) my back ached , she hand shook so much he have to put the napkin there to save the dress . griet look at the painting , drink in the detail , fascinate . van ruijven stand too close . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) can you see yourself in such finery , my dear ? she love it you know : lace and satin tight against she plump little bubby , heavy silk on she thigh , the gentleman look at she . my God , she be happy . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) ( offer she wine again ) sure ? van ruijven lean towards she in conscious imitation of he paint self . she shake she head . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) it 's a moral lesson , of course . there 's temperance in the window hold the rein ; the peel fruit , she silly smile , mouth gape - only one way thing can end . he be right by griet now . she take a step back . griet the letter for my mistress ? van ruijven drip scarlet sealing wax onto the back of the letter , press he signet ring onto the molten blob . van ruijven take care , it be hot . he hold out the note , so she must tug it from he plump , white finger . behind they the painting of van ruijven and the girl . tanneke ( v.0 . ) she think she be somebody , all dress up like a lady . int . cooking kitchen day the kitchen be full of smoke and steam as tanneke cook , griet assist she . tanneke Green as grass , mind you . only work there a few month before master van ruijven bring she over for the painting . get she into he wife 's finery , pour wine down she like he be force a goose , take she home the long way . sure enough she be carry he by - blow before the paint be dry . November 2003 23 she slam down the meat dish with a clang . tanneke ( cont 'd ) he think we do not know how to celebrate a birth , do he ? int . great hall day linen , crockery , cutlery , pewter be all whisk out of chest or cupboard : wash , scrubbed , polished , irone . ext . house day griet scour the front door step with furious energy . int . cooking kitchen day tanneke tip jelly meat out of a mould , put it in the storeroom alongside row of other delicacy ext . courtyard day griet hang laundry to dry , include a fine christening robe . ext . house day men bring in furniture and hanging , they muddy foot mark the door step . griet scrub it again , she back aches . int . great hall day musician tuning they instrument : fiddle and drum and pipe . catharina play a melody on the fiddle , the other follow . int . entrance hall / maria thin room day more delivery : basket of flowers and greenery . maria thin take money from she cash box for the umpteenth time . she snap it shut . bang , bang at the door . int . washing kitchen day griet go to answer the back door . everything aches and the hand she put up to the latch be crack and bleed . ext . courtyard day pieter the butcher grin at she . griet stare back blankly , stupid with tiredness . griet why be you here ? pieter laugh . November 2003 24 pieter a nice greeting ! when I bring the meat order just for you . he gesture to a laden handcart behind he . griet hide she hand under she apron . griet better carry it through . pieter not even a smile for my pain ? griet not today . pieter come on . she shake she head . pieter ( cont 'd ) I will put it in the book , then ? owed by griet - one smile . griet smile at last but at that moment pieter straighten up formally , he open face cloud , he hand automatically take off he cap . griet turn and see vermeer watch from the dark interior , he grey eye run past she to pieter before he disappear inside . griet bite she lip . ext . house night light blaze from the window . torch be set high on the wall to light the street . guest arrive , the rustle of rich material and glitter of jewel . already the house be crowded , a bright thrum of voice over the music . van ruijven and he entourage arrive by boat . ext . courtyard - night a pig spit-roast in the backyard , a SMALL boy sleepily turn the handle . griet re-fill wine jug from a barrel , carry they into the house . int . great hall night the remain of a banquet be spread out on long trestle table in the Hall , the fruit of tanneke 's labour - and of most of the baker , pastry chef and grocer of delft . griet serve wine . vermeer sit at one end of the table , van ruijven at the other with catharina beside he . November 2003 25 she wear she green velvet dress , fat pearl gleam at she neck and ear , she blonde hair be pile high and hold in place by beautiful tortoiseshell comb , inlaid with mother - of - pearl . she be still big from the pregnancy but there be a lightness about she now , she eye darting this way and that , she laughter rise over the other voice , that make it hard not to look at she . the bundle that be the new baby be pass from guest to guest along the table until he start to yell in protest , when he be hand back , with much laughter , to he mother . catharina coo over he gently , soothing he with a finger , but the wet - nurse be stand by . reluctantly she hand he over , the baby latch on greedily to the breast . van ruijven lucky whelp . where 's mine ? catharina laugh bravely as he eye she cleavage . maria thin rise to she foot and tap a glass for quiet . maria thin Friends and neighbour , we honoure guest master Van ruijven , mistress emilie . not only be we gather tonight to celebrate the safe delivery into this world , God be praise , of little franciscus - ( cheer and applause ) qur thanks to you all for so many kind present - but also to rejoice at another birth : a new masterpiece from the hand of my son- in - law , johanne vermeer . she pull the cover from the finish painting , which be on a easel by the table . more applause , warm and genuine . no doubt that he talent be admire but vermeer can only manage a tight formal smile of acknowledgement . van ruijven get to he foot and bow , take the plaudit as he by right . he walk this way and that before the painting , study it with a great air of connoisseurship until the room fall quiet . his wife emilie van ruijven ( the subject of the painting ) , maria thin and catharina wait anxiously on he judgement . only vermeer sit still , shield he painting hand with the other . van ruijven be this indian yellow ? vermeer nod . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) extracted from the urine of sacred cow feed only on mange leave . you have glaze my wife in dry piss , eh ? General laughter . November 2003 26 vermeer , it be the right colour . catharina flash a look at she husband : play the game . she motion griet to pour more wine . catharina ( smiling ) I can not bear the suspense a moment more , master Van ruijven . pray tell we what you think . van ruijven take a stance in front of the painting , authoritative , proprietorial . van ruijven I like it better when the sitter look out from a painting - take one 's eye , so to speak . hmm his sharp eye flick over the worried face of vermeer ‘s womenfolk . he smile graciously . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) still , it be good . the colour and perspective true , the illusion perfect . such skill lavish on my dear emilie . why it be almost as if she be think . van ruijven laugh . maria thin lead more applause - of van ruijven be approval and discern taste - as van ruijven place a heavy purse on the table in front of catharina . emilie sit passively - she husband be cruelly accurate - as griet pour wine for she . maria thin ( quickly ) and have you consider a subject for you next commission ? we can not expect you to give up emilie for so long again . van ruijven consider - it 's already in hand . do not I tell you ? a come fellow from Amsterdam . a palpable shock of disappointment from catharina and maria thin . van ruijven chat on , enjoy they discomfort . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) train with rembrandt Van rijn , though who have not this day . a merry company by candlelight , candlelight be he forte . I have business there at present so it suit I well . and he take a deal more care of he sitter than some painter I could name . Fresh coffee and cake aplenty , good company and no stinting the wine flask . November 2003 27 maria thin signal for griet to refill van ruijven 's glass . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) so , what will you daub next , Jan ? have you find inspiration up in that room of yours ? be there another patron in delft with pocket as deep as mine ? a expectant silence . but there be no other patron and van ruijven know it . the silence grow awkward . catharina for pity 's sake you tell he , master Van ruijven . I swear I bring forth baby with less moan than he the notion for a painting . General laughter . van ruijven stop griet , a hand on she arm and grin down the table at vermeer . van ruijven here 's what to paint . vermeer smile politely . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) I would keep she company of course , offer my advice . vermeer griet . the wine . van ruijven let she go . van ruijven look at she , man . how hard can it be to paint a pretty girl ? vermeer glance at griet . griet be in turmoil ; hat the attention yet hope , in spite of herself , that he will see something in she . but he eye slide away . vermeer I have not find a subject . catharina struggle to put on a brave face . catharina be you in this new painting , emilie ? emilie open she mouth , as if she might speak . van ruiljven the company be not fit . besides she like to stay home . November 2003 28 ext . vermeer house day rain drive along the canal and splatter the window pane as griet hurriedly pull they close from within . int . maria thin room day lisbeth and aleydis stare glumly out of the window at the rain pour down ; they both have rack cough . cornelia be clack the piece on a tric-trac board , maertge be try to amuse the toddler johanne with pat -a- cake game . catharina pace to and for fail to soothe the baby . catharina Cornelia , stop that noise . griet leave quietly . int . studio day griet can still hear cornelia argue with the other downstairs . the perpetual , thin wail of the baby . she close the door , pull the curtain across . the studio be bare and cold . only one thing have change . a new canvas sit blank on the easel . ext . vermeer house day griet carry she pitcher to the canal . a few door down the street bailiff be haul furniture from a house . a servant come out after they , hold she apron to she face . tanneke have come to see what 's go on . griet what be it ? tanneke bankrupt . Three ship lose in a month they say . the shame . griet watch wide - eye as more fine possession be drag out and load onto a barge . a old gentleman and he white - haire wife come slowly out of the house . stupefy by they misfortune . the old woman try to intervene to save some personal memento , a bailiff push she eff roughly so she fall to the ground . tanneke cross herself , ward off evil . tanneke ( cont 'd ) God save we all . watch out for Young mistress — she hate to hear of money trouble . she will turn spiteful at this , you mark my word . November 2003 29 int . cooking kitchen evening tanneke , griet and the child be eat they supper in apprehensive silence . the front door open and shut . at once catharina 's voice rise in complaint , a string of shrill accusation . int . cooking kitchen - night it 's late and the two servant sit by the fire . tanneke one year it get so bad they have to sell some of she jewel . tanneke roll she eye in delicious horror at the memory . tanneke ( cont 'd ) phew ! you can imagine how that pleased she . she go off like a thunderclap , crash all over the house - I keep my head down I can tell you . smashed half the china off the dresser , even go to spoil one of he precious painting . well , he 's a temper on he too , for all he 's so quiet . she 's never set so much as a foot in the studio from that day to this . griet listen , open-mouthed . int . cooking kitchen / corridor night the household have go to bed . griet linger by the die ember of the kitchen fire . when she hear the door she get up . vermeer come in quietly , he cloak wrap around he against the freezing night . his eye meet griet be for a moment before she look down and he go upstairs . int . maria thin room day griet in she best lace collar . maria thin count out small coin into she hand . Far off a church bell ringing , then another . marta thin off to tell they all about we , eh . ext . gate near bridge - day griet return through the gate and over the bridge to the poorer quarter . Home . November 2003 30 int . church day griet kneel beside fran between she father and mother . they church be a modest place . griet' father hold griet 's hand , caress the calluse , crack finger . a movement in the doorway . she look up and see pieter . ext . church day the family and pieter outside the church . griet Father , mother . this be pieter , we butcher 's son . the family 's butcher . pieter Sir , mistress . I be glad to meet you . he pause politely but none of the family be able to take up the conversation . he smile encouragingly . pieter ( cont 'd ) I have live in delft all my life and not see the half of it . so I think to visit every church in the City and find the best . mother and how do you like ours ? pieter very well . so well I may stop my search here — if you will let I , mistress . he address himself entirely to griet ’'s mother , who be charme by he good look and good manners . mother ( laugh ) by all mean . will you walk with we a little , pieter ? ( they walk a few step ) so , a butcher . that 's a good trade . pieter griet be the hardest to please of all we customer . mother aye , she get that from I . griet be annoyed at the know smile that pass between she mother and pieter . fran elbow she . November 2003 31 mother ( cont 'd ) ( to father ) there now I forget ! we must speak with willem jansson . griet , you go on with pieter here . she whisk she husband and son away , leave griet face a grin pieter . pieter ah , griet . where 's that smile you owe I , when I nve be so clever as to track you down . griet refuse to be impressed . griet you have nothing better to do . the gossip be watch they , a handsome young man be not go to pass unnotice . griet take the arm he offer , hold she head up as she walk away . ext . canal day walk by the canal . there be other court couple - for that 's what they must be - prayer book under they arm , go home slowly . pieter skim a stone . it bounce and bounce down the flat water , far beyond what seem possible . pieter laugh , turn back to griet , arm wide . pieter my lucky day . griet ’'s arm be fold but she cannot resist answer he smile with she own . int . studio day griet look round the empty studio , want to do something . the stretch canvas be as blank as before , the room bleak . she pull back the last shutter , mottle cold light on the wall . int . maria thin room day griet find catharina with she mother by the fire , head together , talk in low voice . catharina glare at griet , annoyed at the interruption . catharina what be it ? griet about the studio , mistress . catharina yes ? November 2003 32 catharina rock the baby 's cradle , to show she be not be idle . griet should I clean the window ? catharina rolis she eye . catharina you do not need to ask I such stuff . griet only it may change the light . catharina pause , consider this . maria thin smile wryly . catharina notice . catharina ( sharply ) of course wash they . int . studio day hard at work griet wring out she cloth in a basin of water and wipe the window . there be pattern of coloured glass , the light stain she finger as she work ; pale blue , rise pink . the same look of absorb pleasure as when she cut the vegetable . she be startle when she turn to rinse the rag and see vermeer stand stock still in the doorway . griet I be sorry sir , I - vermeer stay as you be . griet stand still , the rag in she hand . that small impatient gesture of he hand . vermeer ( cont 'd ) just now . at the window . awkwardly griet try to go back to wiping the window . he point at the rag . vermeer ( cont 'd ) Drop it . she let it fall . dirty water splatter on the clean floor . after a moment she push the rag under she skirt with one foot . look at she leave hand again . a sudden laugh of delight from vermeer . vermeer ( cont 'd ) you can go . November 2003 33 ext . courtyard day griet take down laundry , freeze stiff into scarecrow shape . from inside the thin keen of the baby stop for a moment . griet breathes in relief , vapour curling from she lip . the baby start again , griet tense . catharina call she . int . great hall day it be gloomy in the big room even with candle light . a small fire burn in the wide grate . the baby grizzle fretfully , refuse to feed from the wet - nurse . catharina be at she desk but she look exhaust , nerve fray . she frown at griet as if she can not remember why she be here . griet you call I ? something in the appearance of the may ; she scrupulous neatness , she starch white cap , she blatant youth , be deeply galling to catharina . catharina the child need a draught . ( to herself ) my mother will not be content till one of they die from she meanness . ( to griet ) you will go to the apothecary . a errand catharina always reserve for herself . griet I , madam ? catharina I suppose I should do everything ! but I have to stay with the baby and besides it 's cold and I believe I be fall sick too . ( impatiently ) I will write what to ask for . catharina push aside loose papers to make space . some fall to the ground and griet hurry to pick they up . column of figure , account , bill : catharina snatch they back . catharina ( cont 'd ) can you read ? griet hesitates , she head dip under the cap . griet I can follow my prayer book . catharina smile . start to write ; a big , bold hand , dip the quill fast and splash drop of black ink across the paper . she sand and fold the paper with a flourish . November 2003 34 catharina coltsfoot elixir , hyssop and elderflower . enough for both boy . you will need ... she look through the desk for money . find only a few coin . catharina ( cont 'd ) ( agitate ) no , no , that 's not it ! to go on the master 's account . she hand the note to griet , flushed with indignation . int . washing kitchen day anywhere away from a fireside be bitterly cold . griet shiver as she put on she wooden patten , wrap she rough woollen shawl tighter round she shoulder . the room darken . vermeer griet . she spin round . vermeer have follow she in to the narrow space . he put a hand out , as one might to calm a frighten animal , then let it fall . griet Sir ? vermeer it 's very cold . she wait , tense at the sudden strangeness . vermeer ( cont 'd ) will you get something for I too ? vermeer hand she a scrap of paper . vermeer ( cont 'd ) some colour . he know . griet on you account , sir ? vermeer be take aback for a moment . vermeer yes . my wife need not know . the exchange feel conspiratorial , guilty , reinforce by the dark and narrow space . he touch the edge of she shawl . vermeer ( cont 'd ) ( vaguely ) this be too thin . I have a cloak - November 2003 35 cornelia ( 0 /s ) can I come ? vermeer shake he head , come out of the moment . he turn abruptly and push past cornelia who be peer inquisitively . griet tuck the paper into she shawl quickly , but not fast enough to avoid cornelia 's sharp eye . griet no . it 's too cold . cornelia what 's that ? griet bite she lip . griet I have to get medicine for you brother . you do not want to get sick too . but the evasion - the lie - hang between they . cornelia 's eye narrow , cat-like , accuse . cornelia you better hurry . we have a brother that die . ext . delft street day a single skater push a sled - barrow down the freeze canal , hunch against the bite wind . griet hurry along desert street . int . apothecary day Three step down into the gloom of the apothecary 's shop . griet shake the snow off she shawl and look around : the first time she have ever be in such a place . all around the wall glass bottle and jar be fill with dark liquid or pack with dry herb . a desiccate lizard dangle in mid-air . the atmosphere be smoky from a grumble peat fire . apothecary well ? griet be startle . peer into the corner by the fire she see a tiny old man , as brown and wrinkle as one of he remedy . he be watch she curiously . griet my mistress , catharina boln , send I . the baby be sick . she bring out the note and the old man scan it quickly and start get down different jar and bottle , weigh out herb in he scale . November 2003 36 apothecary you must be the new may . she speak of you , I guess you be pretty . be she expect again , that she send you ? this weather , eh . griet watch he quick hand work , crush and mixing the dry leave . apothecary ( cont 'd ) cold cure where it do not kill . the apothecary tie up the package neatly . apothecary ( cont 'd ) there . my best regards to you mistress . and master Van der meer . griet reach into she shawl and pull out he paper . griet the master ... the apothecary open it and find vermeer 's instruction . he frown at griet . apothecary he always get this himself . griet meet he eye , blank to they pry . griet the weather . apothecary hm . with another suspicious look at she he climb a ladder to a high cupboard and unlock it with a key chain to he belt . clearly the pigment be the most precious thing in he shop . he take out dark glass jar , seal with wax , stand they on the counter . apothecary ( cont 'd ) a year 's wage could not buy you this . griet stare at the mysterious raw material of magic . apothecary ( cont 'd ) ( approve ) he want the very best , it 's all that matter to he . ext . vermeer house day bitter cold weather , the wind whip snow flurry along the freeze canal . even so , one window be open up in the studio . November 2003 37 int . studio day at first we see only over the model 's shoulder ; vermeer painting , he face rapt with concentration . move round the camera reveal one of catharina 's bodice , blue stripe with yellow , then griet ‘s white cap . but the model be not griet . another girl , pale and thin , stand in the same pose , encase asexually in catharina 's clothes . int . entrance hall evening griet be mop the floor on hand and knee when maria thin ' black cane pin down she cloth . griet look up , startle . the old woman study she , a thin smile . maria thin he 's start a new painting . but you know that . griet yes , madam . maria thin be watch she sharply . maria thin there 's no buyer , he wont even let I see it . but he 's work again ... it usually take longer . cornelia run in through the front door , dirty footprint on the clean floor . cornelia grandmother , aleydis will not give I - maria thin cuff she sharply . maria thin see what you have do , silly child ! now griet must do it over . cornelia scowl at griet . maria thin soften . maria thin ( cont 'd ) there , poppet , get along and do not sulk . int . cellar night go to bed griet see that she thing have be disturb . her tile have be deliberately break in half , she and fran split either side of the jag edge . she be very upset . November 2003 38 int . maria thin room day while the other girl bend diligently over they cushion and bobbin cornelia tease a kitten with the dangle thread of she lace work . griet , with a pile of mend before she , try to concentrate . the kitten 's claw snag in the delicate thread . cornelia laugh . griet you will spoil it . cornelia I do not care . she get up , let the cushion fall on the floor , pin and bobbin scatter . griet pick it up . cornelia no . the other child be watch round - eye . Gentle maertge try to make peace . maertge ( plead ) Cornelia . cornelia sneer at griet . cornelia you do not tell I what to do . you be only a servant . griet get up angrily and cornelia , scared and excited , hide behind the furniture . cornelia ( cont 'd ) go away ! leave I alone ! I do not do anything . catharina come hurry in , the baby asleep in she arm . cornelia run to she , cling to she skirt as if for protection . catharina what 's the matter ? there be no answer , except cornelia 's plaintive snivel . catharina pet she distractedly but the baby have wake and start cry again . catharina glare at griet . catharina ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with you ? be off about you work . November 2003 39 int . corridor / studio day griet see with relief that the studio door be open . she step inside and lean against it , shutting out the hostile world , the noise and clatter of everyday life . it be not till she be three step into the room that she realise vermeer be there , silent and still on he painting stool . griet I be sorry , sir . he wave she into silence , concentrate on he painting . vermeer stay . griet wait awkwardly in the middle of the room . vermeer ( cont 'd ) the lead - white need re-filling from the cupboard . griet open the door revealing jar , pouch and pot of different pigment . she take one of the larger pot and measure out white paste into the small dish on the table . vermeer seem to pay no more attention to she . she stand and watch , enthralled , as he mix and thin the paint on the palette , make mark with a sure hand . griet stare at the chilly model stand uncomfortably at the window , try to see what he see . she look back at the table and then , seize by a inspiration , she go quietly to the cupboard . she look through the jar until she see the one she want . vermeer come over to the mixing table to re-fill he palette with white . he see the other colour . vermeer ( cont 'd ) I do not ask for blue . griet her skirt . I think - vermeer ( cold outrage ) put it away . he turn back to the easel . she be leave at the table hold the little pot of blue . November 2003 40 ext . canal day griet walk along a parapet , at the end pieter must jump she down . they be in a corner shelter by a bridge . he keep hold of she waist , slide one hand up to she neck . pieter ( tender ) griet . he move closer , she try to push he away , he lace he finger through hers . she focus on he hand : dry blood cake at the base of the nail . he smile at she , start to lift one side of she cap . pieter ( cont 'd ) let I see you hair . she pull the cap down , he tug it up again , laugh . pieter ( cont 'd ) what colour be it ? she push he off . griet ( lying ) Brown . pieter straight or curly ? griet ( a beat ) neither . pieter Long ? very long ? he try to pull off the cap again . she beat at he arm in deadly earnest . griet no ! he see she be serious , let he hand drop . she straighten she cap in silence . pieter it be only a game . griet mother will expect I home . pieter grin . pieter she know where you be . November 2003 41 griet shoot he a look of fury , outrage at the truth and shame of it . int . studio day griet clean the picture set , buffing the silver jug , she reflection distort in the gleam metal . she compare the set to the painting . area be block in dark colour : the jug and bowl be red-brown , the girl 's skirt be black . dull , dead colour . vermeer griet . vermeer be behind she , he dark reflection overwhelming hers in the jug . he can not apologise , turn instinctively to the painting for support . vermeer ( cont 'd ) be you look at it ? griet nod . vermeer ( cont 'd ) well ? griet hesitates , then blurt out she confusion . griet I do not understand . nothing be the right colour . vermeer like the blue skirt ? this be the base colour , it give the tone , the shadow and light . when it 's dry I glaze over with blue , but thinly so the black show through . vermeer walk to the window and open it wide . vermeer ( cont 'd ) look , griet . look at the cloud . she step to the window , he move aside but still close enough to feel the warmth of he body . she stare intently at the puffy cloud and blue sky . vermeer ( cont 'd ) what colour be they ? she frown , it must be some kind of trick . want to speak but dare not . that impatient gesture . griet White ? November 2003 42 she know it be the wrong thing to say and can see he be about to dismiss she . griet ( cont 'd ) no , not white . there be colour in the cloud . Blue , yellow , grey .... he smile . vermeer yes . now you understand . she do not , but she do not want to admit it . she steal a glance at he , he sombre face aglow . vermeer ( cont 'd ) forget how the world be mean to be . only look beneath . in the shadow . word frustrate he . vermeer ( cont 'd ) ( a command ) look , griet . int . cooking kitchen day griet stare out of the high kitchen window at scudd cloud , a pewter jug forget in she hand . tanneke think about you butcher boy ? she laugh , not unkindly , as griet blushes and go back to polish the jug . ext . delft street / apothecary 's shop - day griet slip away from the market stall down the alley to the apothecary 's shop . int . stair day griet creep up the stair and slide through the studio door . int . studio day vermeer be sit , massage he painting hand as he stare at the painting , no brush or palette to be see . griet ( at length ) sir ? she hold out the little package from the apothecary . he look back at the drab red and brown of he painting , already see what will be there . novenber 2003 43 vermeer do you get the lapis ? griet find a small lump of blackish stone ( lapis lazuli ) . vermeer ( cont 'd ) for the skirt . ( a afterthought ) you can mix the colour . griet be excited , but also fearful . griet mix the colour ? he be already pull open he painting cupboard , take out scallop shell , a wide copper bowl . griet ( cont 'd ) Sir , I have not time . all the chore - vermeer make time . griet in here , sir ? with you ? vermeer make he impatient gesture , then realise what she be say . vermeer no , no . upstair . come . in a corner of the studio be a wooden ladder lead up . vermeer climb up swiftly , leave griet alone . hesitate a moment she pick up the bowl and dish and clamber after he . int . attic day a bare , bright room . the only furniture be a heavy table with a stone top , dip in the centre and a cupboard with many small drawer . vermeer lay out the pigment with deat , delicate finger . Dark powder and unpromising lump of ore . vermeer cochineal..cinnabar..indigo..burnt umber .. lapis lazuli . he hang over they with the helpless love of the obsessive . griet watch in fascination . he fish narrow strip - '' buckle '' - of lead from a jar of brown liguid . they be furred with white powder which he scrape into a dish . November 2003 44 vermeer ( cont 'd ) lead-white . a dark mash of grape skin and pip be spoon into the copper bowl . vermeer ( cont 'd ) this will make verdigris . from one of the package he take little black stick . vermeer ( cont 'd ) bone black . you grind it with the muller , like this . he take a smooth egg - shape stone from the table , put a piece of char bone into the dip and quickly grind it to a fine powder . deftly he spoon it into a shell . vermeer ( cont 'd ) now , you try . he put another piece of bone in the hollow . griet pick up the muller and try to do as he do . she find it awkward , the stone slip in she hand , the bone flake out of the hollow . vermeer watch she intently . vermeer ( cont 'd ) twist from the shoulder . he put he hand over hers . at the shock of he touch she freeze , she breath and he loud in the silence . his white hand on hers , outline against the black powder . the second stretch . she recoil abruptly and the muller skid from she grasp across the table . int . cooking kitchen / corridor night griet sneak through the house in the blue- grey before dawn . through the room where tanneke and the wet nurse be snore . the baby start to cry and the wet nurse stumble out of bed to the hall , tanneke moan at she . griet shrink into the shadow as the disturbance spread among the sleeper all around she . int . stair - night she climb the stair . stop outside the studio door and feel above the frame for a hide key . int . attic dawn griet grind and refine colour , sieve the ground dust through a muslin , absorb in she work . November 2003 45 int . great hall night griet help tanneke fold sheet into the linen cupboard . tanneke yawn theatrically . tanneke Lord , I '' that tired I can barely stand . catharina be prepare to go out , she be in high spirit . her jewel box be open and she wear a wide white linen collar to protect she rich yellow mantle from she face powder . the girl be hang around she , cornelia try on she necklace . catharina be careful , pigeon . tanneke how much longer be the wet nurse to be with we , mistress ? catharina do not look round from the mirror . catharina I do not know . a month or so . Cornelia , no ! not my pearl . cornelia put back a heavy pearl necklace , take a inlaid tortoiseshell comb from the jewel box . maertge smoothes she mother 's elaborately dress hair , help to pat the curl into place round she forehead . tanneke sigh again . tanneke a month ! or more ! catharina dangle a bright chain over the baby 's crib fondly , laugh as he fat finger grab for it . catharina ah , ah , greedy ! ( to tanneke ) franciscus be take he rusk now but he still need milk . why ? what be it to you ? tanneke oh nothing . she 's eat we out of house and home for a start ... catharina she must eat well - for the baby . tanneke all I be say be , I can not cook twice as much and have no sleep at all . it 's more than a body can stand , to be wake all hour by she come and go . November 2003 46 catharina hold up she pearl earring and approve herself with a smile . catharina tell she to be quiet then . tanneke if I could move back to the cellar ... catharina well , you can not . griet have you place . griet continue to fold linen quietly , hearing the unreasonable tone in catharina 's voice at she name . vermeer kneel on the black and white tile play stone with little johanne . now he look up . vermeer why not move tanneke back ? the women all look at he in astonishment . he be not one for domestic detail . he throw the stone again , seem unconcern . vermeer ( cont 'd ) put a mattress in the attic for griet . tanneke can sleep soundly and griet may clean the studio before she come down in the morning . catharina , griet and tanneke take in the implication of this warily . he smile wide - eye , like Cornelia bent on mischief . vermeer ( cont 'd ) well ? catharina play for time , take she necklace back from cornelia to put in she jewel box . catharina my jewel ! you always have my jewel up there to paint . she ... vermeer come to she , offer a key like a love token . vermeer you lock up at night , open it in the morning . he put the key in she hand , catharina weigh it up . she want this key , this control , but .. she glance over at griet surreptitiously . griet be freeze , wait for she fate to be decide . catharina add the key to the bunch at she waist . November 2003 47 catharina there . be you satisfied , tanneke ? tanneke throw griet a sour look , feel the girl have somehow come out better than she . tanneke ( sulkily ) yes , mistress . vermeer touch catharina 's linen collar . vermeer what be this ? you have never wear it before . catharina ( laugh ) only every time I go out . it catch the powder . vermeer hmm . he be look at she with he painter 's eye , run a hand over she cheek and jaw , watch the shadow . vermeer ( cont 'd ) that 's good . May I have it ? tugging at the bow already . his finger caress she neck . catharina push he away cheerfully . catharina no , Jan ! we shall be late . again . int . attic day griet wake early . the sun be stream through the attic skylight , church bell ringing over the town . a wonderful sense of freedom after the dark cellar . she lay out she few precious thing on a beam , put she prayer book by the trapdoor . she strain a pigment leave to soak overnight , take off she '' painting '' apron before climb down to the studio . int . studio day the room be spotlessly clean and tidy . griet inspect the painting . the girl 's clothes and the object all have they true colour now : the blue skirt shadow with black ; red just visible under the multiplicity of reflect colour in the bowl . November 2003 48 the girl in the painting wear not only griet 's cap , cowling she face , but the wide white collar catharina wear to powder herself . the effect be nun-like , a physical and spiritual separation from the body . a chair fill the foreground , add depth to the composition . griet frown . something be not right . she block different part with she hand . int . stair day catharina unlock the door , the great bunch of key jangling and knock she hand . griet be wait inside , eye down . catharina stand aside for she to leave , the girl go by she without look up , a murmur of acknowledgement . catharina look into the empty studio , craning she neck to see something significant in the bare room . int . attic day griet be grind pigment , she action now as smooth and easy as vermeer 's , a quiet trance - like state , interrupted by men' voice . man ( 0 /s ) you might get you own and save my back . griet freeze . they be come into the studio . below she noise of move furniture , a grunt as the men lift something heavy . vermeer ( 0 / 8 ) Maria thins suspect it a distraction . man ( 0 /s ) from painting ? how could a painter ignore such a invent - vermeer ( 0 /s ) from finish . they laugh . griet peer down into the studio . griet' Pov vermeer hold one end of the camera obscura , the man ( van leeuwenhoek ) the other . a extension , obviously home -made , have be put on one end and they be struggle to fit the whole contraption safely on the table . int . studio day van leeuwenhoek talk at top speed , idea burst out without time to catch he breath . November 2003 49 van leeuwenhoek do I tell you I ground a perfect lens last week ? the very smallest distortion at one edge . careful - I be awake a great part of the night at this ; the new lens be not so well - ~ secure as I want . they lift the box but as they do so van leeuwenhoek catch sight of griet watch from the attic . he gasp and drop he end of the camera obscura with a crash . van leeuwenhoek ( cont 'd ) aah ! there 's a girl in you attic . vermeer the lens be off . griet hide . van leeuwenhoek confound it , the whole thing be out of true . what 's she do up there ? he start disassembling the camera obscura as he talk . vermeer can you set it right ? van leeuwenhoek hmm .. I do not know ... you see the bracket ... no , no I believe it be only a little bent ... if I ... hold that steady , yes , there it go ... I know who she be ! catharina complain at length - a brace of customer wait - at the strain of run so large a household . I think she be brag . vermeer come down , griet . ( to van leeuwenhoek ) if you keep you shop in better order you would not have to listen to so much talk van leeuwenhoek it 's the talk fill my shop - and with sickness in the town that 's no small matter . I be not the only draper in delft sell fine silk in five weight but I be the only one willing and able to converse on any subject under God 's sun . vermeer ( cont 'd ) ( drily ) hold forth . November 2003 50 van leeuwenhoek so griet , now we be on the level - Antony Van leeuwenhoek , you servant - what be you do in the attic ? spy for mother thins ? griet hesitates , this be she secret with vermeer . but something in van leeuwenhoek be face give she confidence . griet grind pigment , sir . van leeuwenhoek griet the Assistant , eh ? what next ? have you take a pupil at last ? you will not teach I . vermeer you have no aptitude . she can stand in if it 's work . over there , uncertainly griet take up the pose of the model at the window . the two men burrow under vermeer be cloak to see the image . they look more than a little absurd , a sort of lumpy pantomime horse . van leeuwenhoek a little more , stop , the other way , more more ... there . d' you see the diffraction - ow , my foot . griet 's lip curl upwards . vermeer stop that , griet . griet try to look solemn . vermeer ( cont 'd ) ( sharply ) do not think . you be spoil the picture . griet struggle to obey . van leeuwenhoek emerge from under the cloak , laugh . van leeuwenhoek you be a tyrant . tell she next she may not breathe , you bless picture do not . ( look at the painting ) what do it mean ? who be she ? griet hold she breath . vermeer straighten up , turn away . vermeer ( cont 'd ) no one . a vision I have , they move away , leave griet in the painting corner . November 2003 van leeuwenhoek why be not Van ruijven buy it ? his pocket be deep enough surely , even if he never pay a bill till the next quarter but one . do you quarrel ? vermeer he choose a painter who offer wine and company . van leeuwenhoek be you be stiff - neck , Jan ? he 's visit by every notable in the country - still wait for my invitation - and you picture be the pride of he collection . vermeer he have good taste . van leeuwenhoek laugh . van leeuwenhoek it be not modesty hold you back ! make it up with he for God 's sake . vermeer it 's not that he tell I what to paint and how ; I know to sup with the Devil I must take a long spoon . no , it 's why he want they . van leeuwenhoek lower he voice . van leeuwenhoek that business with the may ? you be only a painter , Jan , not he confessor . vermeer you know he offer to lend I more money ? van leeuwenhoek well , if you need some maybe I could - vermeer it 's not the money . he 's greedy . the painting be not enough . he would be my master . November 2003 51 52 van leeuwenhoek he 's use to have he way and you cross he , that 's - the door open abruptly and maria thin stand there . maria thin it 's true then . you be here . van leeuwenhoek mistress thins . you look well . I have the black satin - maria thin ignore he , turn angrily on she son-in - law . maria thin you tell I you be painting today . vermeer cradle he painting hand . vermeer I be . I be . she be too annoyed to be able to speak to he , switch back to van leeuwenhoek . marta thin Anthony , it 's time you be on you way and pray God you never have the burden of a family to interrupt you interesting notion . van leeuwenhoek bow to she . van leeuwenhoek you servant , mistress . good Day Jan. griet . maria thin look thunderstruck as she realise griet , still in the painting pose , have witness this scene . maria thin what the Devil be she- downstair , girl . at once . griet hurry to leave . maria thin turn to vermeer again . maria thin ( cont 'd ) ( hiss ) joannis , in the name of Christ - think ! you be not the only one in this house with eye . ext . courtyard - evening it be the end of the day . tanneke sit on a bench try to light a pipe . griet take down the last of the laundry . cornelia and maertge be practise dance step . November 2003 53 tanneke no need for the Fish market tomorrow , mistress want egg . she puff at the pipe , draw out the moment . look over at the two girl . tanneke ( cont 'd ) ( lower voice ) no , she cannot abide the smell when she 's with child . griet , arm full of baby clothes , can not hide she surprise . griet so soon ? tanneke be delighted to be first with bad news . tanneke as if there be not enough mouth to feed already . but what can you do ? she look up to the light studio window significantly . tanneke ( cont 'd ) Men ! griet do not want to hear this . griet do you never want child , tanneke ? you own family . tanneke dunno . maybe I will , one day . again griet be take aback . tanneke laugh . tanneke ( cont 'd ) how old do you think I be , then ? wisely griet do not attempt to guess . if she do she might say forty . tanneke ( cont 'd ) start with Old mistress when I be fourteen . ( count on she finger ) Year before maertge be bear . what 's that , then ? cornelia ( promptly , she must have be listen all along ) twenty eight . November 2003 54 tanneke twenty eight . there you be . griet be horrify but tanneke examine she beefy forearm and broad girth with some satisfaction . tanneke ( cont 'd ) it 's the work do it . few more year , you will thicken up . int . cooking kitchen / great hall night griet must pass through the great Hall to get to bed but dare not interrupt the scene before she . catharina sit at the delicate keyboard of a spinet , all she fretful energy release in the music , she hand float over the note . vermeer lean forward to turn the page for she , inhale she scent . his hand caress she bare shoulder . a deeply sensual , intimate moment . griet sink back in the shadow . ext . canalside - evening griet playfully run away from pieter . he catch she and kiss she . int . studio day griet lay out colour for the day with absolute certainty and precision , glance at the painting to be sure of what be need . she stop short , circle the easel , look from different angle . very carefully and deliberately she drag the heavy lion - head chair out of the foreground of the set . she look at what she 's do , astonished by she own boldness . the key turn in the lock , she hurry to the door , breathless . instead of catharina , cornelia be at the door , hold the heavy bunch of key with pride . she eye griet intently , take advantage of she surprise . cornelia ( accuse ) what be you do ? November 2003 55 griet be wrong -foote , try to keep calm . griet where 's you mother ? cornelia be peer into the studio over griet be shoulder . cornelia she have a headache . you be to mind the little one this morning . ext . house day griet sit on the bench in the sunshine with baby franciscus on she knee . lisbeth and aleydis be play with they doll , cornelia interfere in they game . maertge be sewing . vermeer come down the street , cornelia and lisbeth run to meet he . he go into the house without look at griet . she wait , tense . int . house night griet carry she candle through the darken house and upstairs . she stand outside the studio door , hardly dare to go in . int . studio night the room be neat and empty . no sign of work , the window close , the cupboard lock . griet hold up she candle to see the painting . he have make she change , paint out the chair . griet stare , exultant , at what she have do . int . attic day griet and vermeer be at work prepare colour ; griet grind bone black , vermeer knead a paste of precious blue lapis lazuli . vermeer clear he throat . vermeer why do you move the chair ? griet pause , not uncertain , but want to say rightly what she mean . griet when you take the map from the painting of mistress Van ruijven - it be better . November 2003 56 she put down the muller , think it through carefully . griet ( cont 'd ) the clear space below she arm , it balance the wall above now . she be not trap . she have finish and look up at he for he reaction but he stand still and silent for a long time . at last he start work again , griet pick up she muller too . almost at once he stop . vermeer so . I never think to learn from a may . they be both very still , they hand next to each other by the bright pigment . his beautiful long , white finger , so close to hers they can feel each other 's warmth . then suddenly a clatter of footstep and voice below ; maria thin 's voice , a warning tone . maria thin griet , be you up there ? int . studio day vermeer climb down the ladder . maria thin be at the door , she eye flick anxiously up to the attic . catharina fume behind she , infuriate at she exclusion , she hair half - dress . catharina one of my tortoiseshell comb be go . it be a accusation not a statement . vermeer stand at the window , look out . griet read disaster in maria thin 's scowl . catharina 's eye rest on a smear of scarlet madder on griet 's arm . she draw herself up with fierce dignity . she be totally vindicate . catharina ( cont 'd ) perhaps now I will be listen to in my own home . she 's nothing but trouble . she sweep she skirt round to go downstairs , maria thin close behind , she clever , soothing word for once pass unheeded . cornelia 's face at the door , a brief triumphant smirk before she follow they . suddenly griet understand . griet and vermeer be leave alone in the studio . a painful silence , punctuate by the women 's voice from below . vermeer turn abruptly and cross the room , not meeting she eye . as he reach the door : November 2003 57 griet master . I do not do it . he hesitates , back turn . griet ( cont 'd ) ( a whisper ) help I . on he face , freeze in dismay . int . house day the whole house in uproar : catharina furious , cornelia cry , tanneke red-face with indignation . vermeer go from room to room , pull back bed cover , sweeping stuff off shelf , the women squawk behind he like hen . he find griet 's tortoiseshell comb under cornelia ' S mattress . vermeer Cornelia ! int . maria thin room day it be maria thin who take up she cane while catharina turn away weep . cornelia 's face be white and defiant , she grey eye like stone . int . great hall day vermeer and marta thin sit at the oak table while catharina pace to and for , kick she skirt out of she way . there be something a little unhinge , disturbing , about she anger , the way it control she body , jerk she this way and that . griet and tanneke stand and face the family , but catharina act as if griet be not in the room . catharina she 's dishonest . always sneaking around , skive she work . griet look towards vermeer , hope he will explain , defend she . he be study he boot . maria thin glare at she warningly . catharina ( cont 'd ) tanneke have complain of it . creep upstairs all day long . she bump against the table in she anger , thump it with she open hand . vermeer half - reach out to she . she stop abruptly , she might be go to hit he . maria thin decide to take charge . November 2003 58 maria thin my daughter be right . there have be too much sneaking about . her tone include she son-in - law in the charge . catharina ( a fresh outburst ) I only take she out of charity . if I would think - maria thin cut she off . maria thin with another child due we need the extra help . catharina be quelle for the moment . maria thin ( cont 'd ) griet , fit in all you duty and do not slack or it will be the worse for you . her eye be dark and beady , calculate , hold they all in she grasp . maria thin ( cont 'd ) I shall invite master Van ruijven . joannis must have a new commission . and it will have to be a big one , several figure . vermeer cradle he painting hand in the other protectively , but he neither speak nor look at any of they . maria thin clap she hand , dismiss they all . maria thin ( cont 'd ) now back to work . int . maria thin room day catharina be very nervous , she brushes the girl 's hair , ignore they protest . griet help maertge into she first grow - up dress , of which she be shyly proud . maertge will never be a beauty but dress up , she hair curl and ribbone , she begin to look like a lady : only a couple of year young than griet but already she life set on a utterly different course . catharina see they together - the mousy , richly - dress girl , the linen -capped may who effortlessly eclipse she — and she mouth tighten . catharina maertge ! come here . November 2003 59 obediently maertge go to she mother . catharina 's hand be still busy tame cornelia 's hair , she can think of nothing to keep maertge with she . catharina ( cont 'd ) do not gawk you head like that , child . it 's ugly . maertge droops instantly . cornelia poke she tongue out at she sister , wince as catharina tug at she hair . noise from outside , the guest arrive . they all run to look out of the window . ext . vermeer house day - there p.o.v. van ruijven , with he wife and daughter , arrive at the house in grand style on they barge . they clothes be even richer , he voice boom louder than before . vermeer , step forward to greet he , look shabby in comparison . int . great hall day as the honoure guest van ruijven sit at one end of the table , he wife emilie on vermeer 's right . van ruijven meet catharina ' S eye with a lascivious grin . van ruijven I swear you get lovelier every time I see you , catharina . do you paint yourself ? he laugh again , then lick a finger and rub it on catharina 's cheek , examine it for sign of make -up . as a afterthought lick it again , as if he have dip it in honey . catharina smile at he , a woman of the world . catharina one painter in the house be enough . raising my child be all my pride . van ruijven ah , little maertge . fill out nicely , be not she ? maertge , sit between she mother and father , quail at he attention , ear burn red . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) all that girl , eh. lad swarm round ‘em like fly before long . if I be a few year young ... griet serve emilie van ruijven , as calm and silent as she painting . maria thin turn to van ruijven with a smile . noverber 2003 60 maria thin a connoisseur in everything , master Van ruijven . but you should be faithful to one mistress above all other . van ruijven be intrigue . maria thin ( cont 'd ) Art . you name will surely be fame as one of the great patron , the maecenas of delft . with you exquisite taste , you subtle understanding of allegory and allusion - van ruijven laugh , head back . van ruijven damn , you could sell sour milk to cow , woman . what do you want now ? maria thin straighten the delicate white lace on she cuff . maria thin a group painting . a family portrait perhaps ... she glance at vermeer , know he will not like this . he concentrate on help maertge . maria thin ( cont 'd ) yourself and emilie . you lovely daughter too . no sign of interest from van ruijven . maria thin push further . maria thin ( cont 'd ) or a merry company . wine and a good meal on the table ; a still life with you friend all about . ( a beat ) Music and dance . van ruijven better , better . griet serve maria thin . catharina put a hand on van ruijven 's arm . catharina it will have to be a slow measure if he paint it . van ruijven lean closer to she , shamelessly ogling she cleavage . van ruijven that 's the only dance I know . November 2003 61 they giggle together like smutty child . griet go round to serve van ruijven , head down , shoulder hunch , try to be invisible . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) there 's truth in what you say , Maria , lard in with all that sweet word . it so happen you son- in - law be a damn fine painter , as good as any Amsterdam fellow I have say - he break off to take a mouthful of meat . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) bh , that 's good . fat tanneke learn to cook at last . what I mean be , I ' 1ll swallow you bait , the big picture , several figure , a merry company . but not a family portrait ... van ruijven ( cont 'd ) if I be to put up with all that tedious hour of sit I need something to rest my eye on . I want she in the painting . he reach back with one arm and grab griet , pull she forward . vermeer be on he foot . catharina shriek , van ruijven release he grip , still smile . his sharp eye be on vermeer as he sink back into he chair , the reaction note . maria thin lick she lip , eye darting from one end of the table to the other . vermeer run one fingertip round he wineglass till it sing . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) a tavern scene , why not ? that would make a change for you . griet could serve I . griet glance at catharina , who be lean forward , cheek flushed , eye burn , ready to explode in fury . van ruijven stuff another lump of meat in he mouth , enjoy himself . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) so , what do you say ? can I have she ? int . meat market day griet wait to be serve . a fly crawl slowly over the meat . a huddle of women nudge and stare . griet look away , mortify . there be no sign of pieter . paul lean over to she . paul there 's be talk of you . griet flush , she face tight . griet I nve do nothing to be talk of . November 2003 62 paul shrug . paul Van ruijven 's cook . say you be to be paint with she master . you will have hear about he and the may that be paint before . agitate , griet stuff the meat in the shopping pail . griet you should not believe gossip . paul laugh . paul oh , I do not . not the half of it . ( a beat ) I ' 1l tell pieter you ask after he . ext . delft street day griet hurry back through the crowd , the girl trot to keep up . pieter griet ! wait ! pieter hurry along the street after they . he have a carcass on one shoulder , he apron be smear with blood . passer - by look round in surprise . pieter arrive , breathless . props the carcass on stiff hind leg . pieter ( cont 'd ) do you hear what - griet I hear . he wait for she denial . pieter no smoke without fire , they say . griet be that what you think ? pieter no. I .. you be only a may . what can you do ? griet bite she lip . griet I must get back . tanneke .. November 2003 63 she start walk again , the girl beside she . pieter shoulder the carcass and come after they . pieter griet ! do not walk away . listen to I . maertge hold griet 's hand possessively , cornelia glare at he . he come closer , lower he voice to a murmur . pieter ( cont 'd ) remember who you be , griet . do not get catch up in he world . she turn on he angrily . griet you listen to I , pieter the Butcher . I be only a may but I will never give in to master van ruijven . pieter I do not speak of van ruijven . ext . vermeer house — day griet hurry back to the house . too late she see vermeer and van ruijven talk by the canal and turn away . van ruijven hey , you . girl. griet . come here ! griet turn slowly . van ruijven come up to meet she , vermeer follow reluctantly . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) where be you today , griet ? I miss you . van ruijven smile sideways at vermeer , wink at griet . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) we both do . I try to keep he amused but all I get for my pain be my face to the wall . he lean close , confide . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) I hear you have be of great use to you master , pretty griet . all that grind and stir , eh . van ruijven be delighted at the effect of he jibe on griet and vermeer . November 2003 64 van ruijven ( cont 'd ) master and maid - there 's a tune we all know . and you can practise it together , now we have make we bargain , eh Jan . you will not forget , will you ? vermeer shake he head stiffly , like a puppet . emilie van ruijven and a teenage daughter come up behind they . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) good . you ’1ll want to make a start on that before we come again . van ruijven tuck he wife 's arm into he . griet look up at she master . his grey eye slide past hers and away . he be angry . she hurry into the house . int . studio day griet sweep the studio ; orange peel and crumb mark van ruijven be place among the chair and instrument . the key turn in the lock but it be not catharina . vermeer stand in the doorway as if he too be unable , or unwilling , to come into the studio . vermeer griet . he gesture to the painting corner . two tapestry - cover chair have be arrange around the harpsichord , a lute on one , a bass viol propped against the wall . vermeer busy himself at the table . griet look at the painting on the wall , both take from downstairs . one be a landscape , tree and a open road into the distance . the other be of a man and two woman . the man be buy the young one 's favour from the old , he already have a arm round she . [ the procuress , dirk van babure ] vermeer clear he throat and griet look round , full of forebode , wait for she instruction . but none come . he simply sit and stare at she . and stare . his face wear a familiar abstract expression . her eye slowly fill with tear . he be go to paint she . she look bleakly at the musical instrument lie around she . griet what should I ... ( pretend to play ) ? vermeer frown . vermeer no ! I have already begin the group painting . you be not to sit with master Van ruijven . that much be agree . November 2003 65 the tear that threaten before now spill down she cheek . griet thank you , sir . vermeer stand up abruptly , profoundly ill at ease . vermeer I be to paint you alone . int . maria thin room day maria thin my daughter must not hear of this ' other 's painting . maria thin count out coin while griet wait with the shopping pail . maria thin ( cont 'd ) in she condition ... griet look down at the coin in she hand . griet ma'am . what of master van ruijven .. maria thin finger the handle of she cane . maria thin it be to hang in he private cabinet , with a curtain over . gimlet eye on griet to see how she take this . she turn to go back up she private staircase . maria thin ( cont 'd ) he 's no fool , mind you . and he will not be take for one , so do not think otherwise . you be a fly in he web . ( to herself ) we all be . joannis should have go about it another way . ext . canal evening griet be sombre face reflect for a moment before the pitcher break the surface . ext . house evening carry the pitcher in she meet vermeer return home , he cloak wrap round he . he hold the door open . as she pass he murmur in she ear . vermeer tomorrow morning . November 2003 66 she hesitates for a moment , heart racing . she can feel he eye on she , the warmth of he body . griet I cannot . I have work ... vermeer find a way . he move on into the house . int . studio day vermeer look out of the window . down at the table . away . he frown . it be not work . surround griet be all the '' prop " familiar from the painting - the silver bowl and jug , the studd box , powder brush , a open book . catharina 's yellow bodice hang on a chair . griet be hedge in by thing . vermeer pull thing away , drag a different table carpet into place , push a chair across , frantically building wall between himself and she . griet watch . griet ( bravely ) this be lady 's thing . vermeer you want I to paint you with a mop in you hand ? he be close shutter : slam , slam . the studio grow darker and darker . griet no , sir . vermeer ( gentler ) no. I do not know ... ( a beat ) perhaps the costume . what if ... he reach for the yellow mantle . griet pluck up courage . griet I can not wear she clothes . vermeer ( a beat ) no . he look at she across the table . November 2003 67 vermeer ( cont 'd ) I be not to paint you as a may . or a lady . what then ? griet do not answer . vermeer keep look . suddenly he start pull everything away , chair , table , bowl and box , all sweep away . until there be nothing between they , she stand alone , in the last patch of light . vermeer ( cont 'd ) there . I will paint you as I first see you . not a may . you . close on : vermeer ‘s broad brush painting the first shadow in the bottom corner , bone black and burnt umber . powerful stroke obliterate the pale ground . int . great hall evening griet reach up on tiptoe to get a dish , white arm and neck at full stretch . catharina see she husband stare , spellbound . catharina Jan . my necklace . she hold up the ribbon of she necklace for he to tie . look at he in the mirror as he do so ; a seductive smile , a oh-so - casual adjustment of she bodice to reveal more of she magnificent bosom . quite unaware he tie the ribbon and walk out . vermeer I ' 1l be in the studio till dinner . maria thin watch from the fireplace , puffing silently on she pipe . catharina see griet in the background of she reflection . catharina ( acid ) have not you finish yet int . studio day vermeer mix lead - white with crimson lake : pale and buttery - soft under he palette knife . his hand drizzle in more linseed oil , the paint grow richer and creamier . the brush poise to paint . vermeer look over to griet by the window , look out . clear he throat . vermeer look at I . turn you head , not you shoulder . she adjust she position , seat , look over she leave shoulder , the light fall on she right cheek . face enclose by she cap , she mouth shut . she stare at the floor . November 2003 68 vermeer ( cont 'd ) look at I . slowly she raise she eye to meet he but can not hold he gaze . the brush still poise . vermeer ( cont 'd ) look at I . her eye waver and meet he again . his brush blank out the downcast eye in the painting . he let out a sigh , almost a shudder of pleasure . vermeer be face , intent , alight . his whole be involved in the act of painting : nothing else in the world . the brush on the palette , stroking the canvas . now that he have it , there be nothing tentative about he painting . the shadow of griet be eyebrow , the intersection of curve across and down . vermeer be eye drink in every detail . int . vermeer studio - later vermeer be work on the cheek . vermeer the point of you cap . fold it back . griet push the long point back onto she shoulder , revealing she jaw and cheek . she swallow , feel expose . her lip be press tight . her eye waver and meet he again . vermeer ( cont 'd ) I never sit so close before . griet how long have I be here , sir ? he change brushes , continue to paint . vermeer it do not matter . griet strain to hold she twisted pose . vermeer be stare at she again . vermeer ( cont 'd ) take off you cap . griet reach up then stop , she hand protective on the white linen . griet no , sir . I cannot . November 2003 69 vermeer cannot ? griet drop she head . in the painting behind she : the young woman , bare - head , lean back in surrender , while the client and madam , head cover , press forward on she . griet will not . vermeer I need to see you face , the cap cover too much . there 's some cloth in the storeroom . griet go into the little storeroom . there be no catch on the door , no need for one . int . storeroom day there be a trunk of clothes in the corner ; prop for use in the painting ; cloth to cover the table ; gentleman 's sashes ; the trimming from catharina 's rich velvet gown . griet find some strip of cloth and lay they in front of she . she reach up and unty she cap , release a unruly mane of blonde hair . she lift one of the cloth to wrap round she hair , look into the mirror . see a movement and turn to find he stand in the doorway . look at she . not at griet the maid , but at she . the real , secret griet . desire hold he transfix in the doorway . she return he gaze , she hair tumble round she face , lip parte , bold , liberated , naked . the children' voice from downstairs . vermeer back away . int . great hall day griet fold clothes into the tall wardrobe . the stiff blue bodice wear by the girl in the pitcher painting . the yellow satin mantle , trim with fur . catharina sit by the fire with van ruijven . maertge and cornelia be work on a embroidery frame , though cornelia be far more interested in the conversation . van ruijven emilie enjoy sit , God know why . if only he have let one do something else . November 2003 70 catharina offer he the sewing on she lap . he pretend a few dainty stitches , hand it back laugh . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) but you agree , or you would be up there get paint all the time . why not , with such a good - look wife ? catharina falter , upset . catharina I have the household to run , you know . I can not be forever up and down . van ruijven there you be ~ " life go on " . I mean God know I admire the painting , extravagantly - Christ , I pay enough for they - but I be flesh and blood , I must feed my grosser part . catharina glance at the girl , wonder if she should send they out . they be bent studiously over they frame . griet stay dead still behind the wardrobe door . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) not to deny I may be consol in a painting for what I can not have in the flesh . Hunger be the best sauce , eh . griet press she face against the cool , starch linen . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) if I have you against my private wall , for instance , paint by you artful husband , I could take pleasure at will in you charm and he none the wiser . catharina laugh as best she can . catharina I never think painting so lively as when you speak of it . van ruijven take a long draught of wine . van ruijven you know I have a mind to go up and surprise he sometime - in the act . catharina but you say yourself it 's very dull . van ruijven oh , not with emilie . when he 's alone with some young beauty . November 2003 71 van ruijven ( cont 'd ) you must have notice how he never bother with old woman . only young and pretty one . on they own . he help himself to another glass of wine . catharina do she best to ignore he meaning . catharina you will have to wait then . he make only one painting at a time , though my mother have often press he otherwise . van ruijven ( smug ) indeed ? griet listen in terror . catharina he claim he cannot hold two in he head , though when I consider all I must manage with the house and child ... van ruijven secretly give cornelia a sip of wine . she screw she face up in disgust . cornelia I like it . van ruijven give she a squeeze . van ruijven that 's my girl . they giggle and whisper together , both look over at griet . catharina look up and catch cornelia take another sip . she be shocked , though she try to laugh it off . catharina master Van ruijven , what be you do ? int . studio day van leeuwenhoek gaze quizzically at griet ‘s strange turban- like head gear . van leeuwenhoek what be she mean to be ? vermeer it be griet 's invention . ask she . van leeuwenhoek be strike by the casual intimacy of this . griet be tremble with the strain of hold she twisted pose . vermeer scowl at the painting . van leeuwenhoek whatever it be , it become you , griet . November 2603 72 van leeuwenhoek want to break the tension that thicken around the two of they . van leeuwenhoek ( cont 'd ) Jan , do I tell you of the meeting tomorrow ? optic and lense . you should speak on painting . vermeer I have nothing to say . van leeuwenhoek the camera obscura then . you know more about light than anyone . vermeer I know ? every painting I start again at the beginning , I will never know . vermeer stab a brush angrily towards a canvas propped on the table - the concert painting . vermeer ( cont 'd ) there 's what happen when one pay heed to theory . a one - point perspective of nothing . a myriad of chalk line go this way and that . small block of colour dot disjointedly over the canvas . van leeuwenhoek it 's promise . do you have the small lens ? I want to show it at the meeting . vermeer I will fetch it . vermeer go out . van leeuwenhoek turn back to griet . van leeuwenhoek Rest a minute , why do not you ? gratefully griet move . van leeuwenhoek look at she painting . he be startle by what he see . [ we , like griet , do not see the painting ] his eye flick from she to the painting and back . van leeuwenhoek ( cont 'd ) what be this ? not he usual manner . not at all . ( a beat ) it 's for master Van ruijven , be that so ? mistress thins will be pleased . he hesitates , need to warn she , want to be fair . van leeuwenhoek ( cont 'd ) hmm . you do see he interest in you be partly because master Van ruijven .. how should I put this ? November 2003 73 griet frown . he examine the painting again . van leeuwenhoek ( cont 'd ) he see thing as he want they to be , perfect by he . everything serve the painting , everything . he do not think of the consequence . you must . he look at griet , he eye kindly , concerned . van leeuwenhoek ( cont 'd ) there 's no bridge across this water . you understand I , griet ? griet dip she head , but the head dress do not hide she face . she look up again . griet I do not think he would hurt I , sir. van leeuwenhoek ( gently ) how much do you know of man ? int . cooking kitchen day griet chop vegetable . a moment of reflection before she sweep the pattern into the pot . int . studio day griet , utterly still in she pose , almost as if she be the painting . there be now a black drape behind she . vermeer sit at the easel , dissatisfied . tries one brush after another , stand and stare at she , go back to the painting . vermeer open you mouth . griet Sir ? vermeer open you mouth . griet be horrify . but what can she do ? she lick she lip and open they . vermeer ( cont 'd ) lick you lip . again . int . great hall night griet bring in a wine jug and glass . only maria thin look up , sharp - eye . November 2003 74 vermeer be go through catharina 's jewel box , search for something . catharina move slowly , ease herself off the bed , already heavy with the new baby . catharina Jan , please . he bring over the box , settles on a low stool and massage she foot between he hand . catharina be dress in she fine velvet . she stifles a yawn . catharina ( cont 'd ) I be so tired . griet pour they wine , set it in front of they . vermeer wear this . he hold out she big pearl earring , glossy white drop nest in he hand . catharina smile , delighted by this attention . vermeer ( cont 'd ) I must be there . the City father have ask ... there might be a commission .. ( see the earring ) ah.. good . look , griet . catharina swing round . vermeer ( cont 'd ) that point of light in the shadow of the neck , lead the eye . catharina jant griet be eye meet vermeer ‘s . she see that he have find what he need . that he be pitiless . maria thin see it too . int . studio day vermeer be arrange the set of the concert . the concert painting , half - cover , have progress considerably . griet hurry in . griet Sir . do not ask this of I . he know exactly what she 's talk about . vermeer it be need . griet my ear be not pierce . November 2003 75 he laugh at such a mundane excuse . but griet be not laugh , she be angry . griet ( cont 'd ) I have do everything you want . vermeer the composition - it 's not balanced . grie { stubbornly ) sometimes you paint without a model . vermeer you want I to imagine how the earring would look ? she wont give in . griet she will find out . nor will he . vermeer this have to be , griet . see for yourself . he insist that she look as he uncover she painting . griet cover she mouth in horror . we see only she reaction . griet ( a whisper ) oh . you look inside I . ext . delft street dusk griet hurry along , she shawl pull tight round she shoulder , head down . int . apothecary n's dusk the apothecary smile when he see it be she . apothecary well then . what will it be today ? I set aside some lapis - griet it 's - it 's for I . the apothecary be expression change . he be sharp -ey , he can see trouble in she face . his quick finger continue to shred dry leave into a leather apron . November 2003 76 apothecary oh , it 's that way , be it ? ( reluctant ) I have a draught if you want to bring it off . there be more disappointment in he eye than disapproval . griet take he meaning . griet oh no . no . I need something to numb the skin . I have money . she pull coin from she pocket . the old man scan she face again , go off grumble , know something 's wrong . griet go to pull she cap forward , she finger tip touch she ear and stop there . int . attic night griet look at the tiny vial of oil , tip some onto a handkerchief and rub it onto she earlobe . she heat a needle in the candle flame . clutch the needle in tremble finger she stare into the mirror from downstairs . her frighten face reflect in the candlelight . footstep on the stair . into the studio below . griet hide the needle and vial . maria thin come up through the trap door , breathe hard . she give griet a long search look . maria thin well , girl ? what 's to be do ? griet say nothing . maria thin ( cont 'd ) you may fool the man with you downcast eye . master Van ruijven want he painting and he will bear no more delay . maria thin ' bony hand on the black cane tremble , for the first time she seem vulnerable , frighten even . maria thin ( cont 'd ) I have protect you , for he sake and yours but if he cross Van ruijven over this he will lose he . then what ? it make she angry to be so helpless , begging a may for help . she glare at griet . maria thin ( cont 'd ) flood water seep under the door and the house come down . I will not let that happen here . November 2003 17 ext . courtyard day griet hang up sheet in the courtyard . strong arm grab she from behind , pin she arm by she side . a voice whisper thick and hot in she ear : van ruijven get you ! griet struggle silently , terrify , but van ruijven be far stronger . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) hold still . I want to look at you . griet writhes to get free , scared and angry . he turn she round to face he , swathed in sheet . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) tell I , girl , how do you get on up there ? have he find he composition ? do you inspire he ? do you move he ? do the master 's brush unlock the secret of you heart ? his tone be leer but he sharp eye miss nothing . he can read griet 's face exactly . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) no ! ripe as a plum and still unpluck . van ruijven be disconcert , angry , he do not expect this . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) what be he play at ? she look away , face hide by she cap . he pull be back roughly . a grunt of satisfaction as he hand tangles in she hair . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) he make a bargain you know , he paint you at my pleasure . he be right up against she again . she push he away , he grab she wrist . griet writhes to get free , scared and angry . he hold both she wrist with one hand , yank the chemise of she shoulder with the other . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) I have wait long enough . what a great fool he be . he paw at she skirt , she leg give way and she start to fall . he twist one arm behind she back , force she up again . November 2003 78 griet be eye search desperately for something to stop he . in the shadow of the passage she see someone watch . cornelia . griet plead with she eye . cornelia return she look , she face cat-like , impenetrable . she turn away slowly , deliberately , disappear . griet want to cry . van ruijven be unbuckle himself , griet struggle harder , manage to free one arm , claw at he face . he snarl . they wrestle till he have both arm pin again . van ruijven ( cont 'd ) do not fight I , girl . breathe hard he crush she against the copper , grotesque reflection swim in front of she . catharina ( o/s ) ( petulant ) griet . griet ! she be come along the corridor towards the back of the house . van ruijven let griet go , quickly straighten he clothing . van ruijven not a word . you will lose you place . he no never look at you again . he step out to meet catharina , all smile . van ruiuven ( cont 'd ) ah , my dear . there you be . you may keep I with some cock and bull story . int . attic dawn cold dawn light . griet slide she finger through fine - ground rise madder , a red streak across the stone table . her tear chemise wait to be mend . ext . courtyard day griet pour water into the copper , every movement a effort , arm like lead . someone grab she from behind . maertge surprise ! griet spin round , ready to fight - to find maertge and the other child all smile at she . maertge have a package which she hand over shyly . maertge ( cont 'd ) for you name day . I make it . cornelia I think of the surprise . November 2003 79 a perfectly innocent smile . with tremble hand griet unwrap she present : a child - make lace collar . griet thank you . the child clamour for she to put it on . she hold it up to she neck - there be bruise from where van ruijven hold she - and they admire she . maertge you be beautiful . cornelia take off you cap . then you will look like a lady . that tell - tale smirk . griet pull off the collar . griet I have work to do . int . great hall day griet be on she hand and knee clear the grate . maria thin come in hurriedly . maria thin my daughter be out for the day . she unlock catharina 's jewel box . maria thin ( cont 'd ) do it now . she thrust the open box towards griet , who be still wiping the smut from she hand . reluctantly she take the pearl earring out of they velvet nest . the second seem to crawl . int . studio day vermeer watch griet , she partner in this slow dance . she take off she cap , put on the turban . rub the oil of clove onto she ear lobe . heat the needle in a candle flame . she hold out the earring . griet you do it . her eye widen at she own boldness . he open he mouth to speak then say nothing . he step up to the chair and take the pearl . mixing oil into lead - white , ooze creamily under the sharp knife . November 2003 80 he touch she earlobe , she gasp . he rub the soft flesh between he forefinger and thumb then pull it taut and with he other hand pierce she skin with the needle . a scarlet globe of blood glisten on the white skin . he take a breath , force the twisted silver wire of the earring through the hole . the pain be excruciate , she eye brim with tear . laying on a grey ghost of paint among shadow , the under - layer of the pearl . his finger brush she jaw , gently trace the bruise on she neck . she close she eye , inhale he smell . a thick white clot of paint twisted off the brush in a moment for the highlight . he blot the tear that spill down she cheek and rub he wet thumb slowly along she lip , she open mouth . pale sable hair across the crimson of she lip , a trail of white . ext . delft street ~ night griet push she way through busy street . int . tavern night the bench be crowded , a jostling , careless press . admire catcall and whistle follow griet as she make she way through the drinker . pieter 's back be turn , he do not see she approach . his friend nudge he and move away . pieter stare in frank astonishment . pieter griet ! she take he by the hand and lead he out . ext . alley day a narrow alley behind the beast market , the bellow of cattle mix into the background clatter . griet tug pieter after she , press he against the wall . pull he face down to hers and kiss he passionately . he respond , bewilder but thrilled . she move he hand to she backside , turn till she be against the wall . she close she eye . pieter do not question he good fortune . later : pieter watch as griet carefully adjust she clothes , smoothes she hair under she white cap . he pull out a long wavy strand and kiss it , joyfully intimate . November 2003 81 pieter sweet griet . she rety she cap . her ear be bleed a little . pieter ( cont 'd ) griet , do not rush away . where be you go ? he grab she by the shoulder so she must face he . pieter ( cont 'd ) leave that house , join I and Paul at the market . she meet he eye levelly , very still . griet I have to go back pieter I will fetch you thing . we will send someone . griet no. pieter griet . we own life . answer to no one . do not go . marry I . she put a hand on he cheek , kiss he . walk away . he lean against the wall , head down . int . great hall day griet drop the earring in maria thin 's wrinkle hand . a whore and she madam . cornelia watch from the bed , she cat- like eye unblink . int . studio day close on : the raise lid of the harpsichord . griet clean the studio , alone and silent . the concert painting be on the easel , almost finish . the other - she painting - be propped against the wall , cover . she avoid they both . voice be raise downstairs ; a almighty row be brewing . int . stair outside studio day foot tumble up the stair : cornelia 's little shoe lead , maria thin 's stick , catharina slow and heavy . November 2003 82 int . studio day griet brace herself . the door crash open , a tidal wave of anger and distress , catharina no , I will not be calm . be I a child ? dee no one speak the truth to I in my own house ? cornelia be snivelling , frighten by she mother 's passion . maria thin by all the Saints , if you would stop scream for a moment I can expl- catharina more lie . I do not want to hear any more of you lie , mother . I have a right to know . but , find herself at last in the forbidden room , catharina fall silent , afraid . vermeer be the last to enter , quietly , the eye of the storm . he meet griet 's eye across the room . catharina recover herself a little . catharina ( cont 'd ) so. no more hide now . here I be . I want to see this painting . vermeer make a weary gesture . vermeer there 's no point . catharina flare up again . catharina no point ! I be too stupid to look at a painting now . a savage finger at griet . catharina ( cont 'd ) she can not read ! you know that ? maria thin pull forward a chair . maria thin sit down , you will exhaust yourself . catharina ignore she . catharina why can not I look ? what have you do ? November 2003 83 vermeer be by the easel , he accustom place . vermeer it 's a commission . go in a few day . you need never see . catharina be laugh and cry . sink onto the chair in the middle of the room . maria thin they be just painting . picture for money . they mean nothing . catharina ( desperate ) be it true she wear my pearl ? vermeer can not answer . catharina groan in anguish . catharina ( cont 'd ) how could you ? how could you ? she heave herself up and stand in front of the concert painting , breathe heavily , stare . then she burst out laugh . catharina ( cont 'd ) he 's backwards . backward . look at he - fat arse spilling off the chair . my God , I be not the only one that 's be have . maria thin laugh too , she dry , crack laugh . maria thin that 's right . he want a portrait and he get one . catharina and there 's yours , mother . she point at the old hag in the procuress painting . catharina ( cont 'd ) I always hate that picture and now I know why . my mother the whore - monger . vermeer catharina ! enough . catharina blink , turn round slowly to he . a wide , dangerous smile . catharina why ? be painting enough for he ? be it enough for you ? ( a beat ) show I the other . November 2003 84 vermeer you will make yourself ill . vermeer move towards she slowly , cautiously . she stare at he with shine eye , then quick as a snake , grab a palette knife from the work table . catharina show I . vermeer face she , arm wide , palm out . vermeer very well . never take he eye from she he lift down the concert painting and put the other on the easel . tenderly lift the cover . everyone crane to look . griet , behind the easel , can see only they reaction . vermeer look oddly peaceful , a work achieve . maria thin glance at griet , she lip a thin , bitter line , she eye warning silence . catharina 's face sag , mouth agape . catharina {a whisper ) it 's obscene . everyone will see you ... Sin ... she gasp for breath . the word be tear from she . catharina ( cont 'd ) ( anguish ) why do not you paint I ? vermeer because you do not understand . catharina and she do ! her word hang in the air : the truth . suddenly she lunge at the painting with the knife . but vermeer be too quick for she , grab she wrist so hard it hurt , she cry out . he be blaze , he fury all the more terrifying for its quietness . she go limp in he grasp and he let she go . catharina back away , find cornelia to cling to . a single glance of hatred at griet . catharina ( cont 'd ) get she out of here . get out of my house . griet have be wait for this but even so it fall like a whiplash . November 2003 85 her eye seek out vermeer , although she can hear catharina 's in - draw hiss of fury . he be infinitely sad , infinitely distant . int . great hall day wearing she Sunday best clothes , griet take she apron and cap from the linen cupboard . catharina 's yellow mantle hang there , silky smooth and glow . griet ' S hand run along the rim of the silver bowl , a last glimpse of its multi-fractured reflection . int . vermeer house day carry she small bundle , griet walk through the series of room . tanneke stand frame in the cook Kitchen doorway , arm fold . Left to manage alone again . int . corridor outside studio day griet go up the stair and along the corridor to the studio . the door be shut fast . she stand outside listen . silence . int . studio day vermeer sit on he painting stool , every nerve strain to listen , want she to come in but unable to call she . his painting hand be ball tight as a fist . he hear griet be footstep leave . vermeer be leave alone in the studio , a blank canvas wait on the easel behind he . ext . vermeer house day griet walk away from the house , she bundle under she arm . she wont look back . int . van ruijven's cabinet - day van ruijven sit alone in he cabinet with the painting of griet . it give he no pleasure , after all . he draw a curtain over it . ext . delft market square - day griet walk across the great market Square . other people carry on with they everyday life but the sound be muffle and distant ; she be lose in she own world . she stop on the brick star at the centre of the square . November 2003 86 int . griet 's house day griet sit in the late afternoon sun near the back doorway , finish she headdress . her wedding dress be laid out on the bed , other wedding preparation visible in the background . tanneke appear at the door , out of breath . a moment 's silence as they size each other up . tanneke I have come to the right place then . griet good Day , tanneke . tanneke so it 's true , you nre to be marry . griet yes . tanneke nod , take it in . tanneke we use another butcher nowadays . she search in she apron pocket and bring out a small cloth wrap package . she hand it to griet . tanneke ( cont 'd ) for you . I have to bring it myself - never mind that the dinner 's leave to spoil . Men ! she stop abruptly . griet hold the package gingerly , not dare to look at it . tanneke ( cont 'd ) best be off then . griet I will see you to the bridge . tanneke no need for that . she turn away , she face work . griet thank you , tanneke . Left alone griet uncurl the hand grip the package . she take a deep breath then undce the layer of cloth , the familiar blue of the turban . and there , nestle in the fold of fabric , lie the pearl earring . November 2903 87 griet hold up one pale globe , fathom its meaning , she eye shine with pent up tear . fade to black : fade up on : a very slow pull back reveal the real painting : girl with a Pearl earring . crack and age but no less beautiful or immediate . a girl 's face as brim full of emotion as if she be look at we now . November 2003