gladiator by David franzoni revise by John Logan second draft October 22 , 1998 " while stand the colosseum , Rome shall stand . when fall the colosseum , Rome shall fall . and when Rome fall -- the World . " Byron fade in : ext . forest - day germania . the far reach of the Roman Empire . Winter 180 a.d . incongruously enough , the first sound we hear be a beautiful tenor voice . sing . a boy 's voice . credit as we hear the haunt song float through dense forest . we finally come to a rough , muddy road slashing through the forest . on the road a german peasant father be herding along three sickly look cow . his two son be with he . his youngest son sit on one of the cow and sing a soft , plaintive song . they become aware of another sound behind they on the road -- the creak of wood , the slap of metal on leather . the Father immediately lead he cattle and he son off the road . they stand -still , eye down : the familiar posture of subjugate people throughout history . a wagon train rumble past they . Three ornate wagon follow by a mount cohort of fifty heavily - armed praetorian guard . the young boy dare to glance up at the pass Roman . his eye burn with hatred . int . wagon - day mist momentarily obscure a man 's face . frozen breath . the man be in he 20' , imperious and handsome . he be swathed in fur , only he face expose . he be commodus . he glance up . commodus do you think he 's really die ? the woman across from he return he gaze evenly . she be slightly older , beautiful and patrician . a formidable woman . she be lucilla . lucilla he 's be die for ten year . commodus I think he 's really die this time . a beat . they breath turn instantly to mist . commodus he have to be ble every night now . lucilla how do you know that ? commodus I have be so inform . she arch a eyebrow . commodus if he be not really die he would not have send for we . lucilla ( a smile ) maybe he just miss we . commodus and the Senators . he would not have summon they if -- lucilla peace , commodus . after two week on the road you incessant scheme be hurt my head . a beat . commodus the first thing I shall do be honor he with game worthy of he majesty . lucilla the first thing I shall do be have a hot bath . the wagon rumble to a halt . voice be hear outside . commodus leap out ... ext . wagon - outpost - day Three Roman soldier guard a outpost , a watchtower , on the roadside . commodus why have we stop ? praetorian guard member we be here , sir . commodus ( to soldier # 1 ) where be my father ? soldier # 1 he 's at the front , sir . commodus be the battle win ? soldier # 1 do not know , sir . they have be go for eight day . commodus toss off he fur -- beneath they he wear a beautiful set of lorica segmentata -- the traditional form armor of Rome . he move to a horse as : commodus ( to soldier # 1 ) my sister want a bath , take she to the camp . ( to soldier # 2 ) take I to my father . he leap onto the horse and canter back to the praetorian Guard unit . soldier # 2 climb on he horse and lead they . commodus ride off with most of the praetorian Guard unit . lucilla peek she head from the wagon . she glance at the remain soldier . distinctly unpromising . lucilla ( dry ) civilization at last . god preserve we . ext . hill - twilight the mighty catapult dwarf the human . Soldiers from the elite Felix regiment -- a legion of the Roman Army -- haul the monstrous machine up a hill . the commanding General of the Felix regiment , maximus , walk between two of the catapult . he be a strike and intense man in he 30' . like all the soldier who surround he , he be cake with mud and exhaust . he trudge up the hill with he two lieutenant , titus and quintus . titus you would do as well to read the mind of a rhinoceros . quintus this barbarian would rather drow in blood than yield a inch . if I do not hate they so much I would admire they . they have reach the top of the hill . stun martial preparation be underway . the catapult join ten other . archer be take up position . brutal " scorpion " -- device for fire multiple crossbow bolt -- be be load . Soldiers be also load the catapult with enormous " Greek fire pot " -- large , round terra cotta pot . maximus and he lieutenant gaze down from the hilltop . below they they can see a german encampment . titus they simply will not surrender . a beat as maximus gaze down at the german position . maximus ( quietly ) a people should know when they be conquer . a beat . maximus at the first signal release the catapult . we will use the cavalry to cut off the retreat . quintus General , I do not recommend that . we cavalry might be catch in the flame . maximus I hope not , because I be go to be lead they . a beat as he gaze down at the enemy . maximus why do not they know they be already dead ? ext . tree - twilight maximus and titus be on they horse , the cavalry of two hundred Felix regiment warrior surround they . steam flare from they horse ' nostril . they wait in a thick stand of tree -- the german position can be see across a muddy plain . a large wolf -- " the Wolf of Rome " -- wait at maximus ' side . maximus nod to a archer . the archer light the tip of a arrow and send it flame into the night sky . ext . hilltop - twilight quintus wait . the catapult be load and wait . so too the scorpion . so too the 200 archer of the Felix regiment . he see the flame arrow fly up from below . quintus now ! the mighty catapult be release . the Greek fire pot arc dramatically through the air . a moment later soldier release the scorpion and hundred of bolt streak through the sky . the archer fire a murderous barrage of flame arrow . ext . tree - twilight the scream be almost immediate . maximus and he cavalry watch as the fire pot crash down into the german encampment . ext . german camp - twilight the fire pot shatter -- pitch splashes everywhere -- second later the bolt and flame arrow slice down and ignite the pitch -- flame explode -- it be a hellish , napalm - like vision -- the conflagration illuminate the twilight . the deadly rain of flame arrow spread terror through the german camp -- ext . tree - twilight maximus watch the german camp . maximus ( to he man ) hold steady ... steady ... he can see the nightmare destruction of the encampment continue -- fire pot and scorpion bolt and flame arrow -- panic in the german encampment . maximus steady ... he see the Germans begin flee across the plain . he quickly raise he sword and whisper a prayer , then turn to he man : maximus Brothers -- I salute you ! for Rome ! he spur he horse and race out of the tree to the plain ... ext . plain - battleground - twilight maximus lead the terrifying and relentless cavalry charge -- titus at he side -- the Felix regiment scream out fearsome war cry as they gallop across the muddy plain toward the Germans -- Fire pot and flame arrow be crash down everywhere around they -- the cavalry slam into the Germans at full gallop -- it be carnage . the Felix regiment warrior slash ruthlessly with short sword -- slice a path of sheer destruction through the Germans -- but the Germans fight with equal brutality -- and the Germans also fight with the desperation of a hopeless last chance -- they pull and spear Roman soldier off horse whenever they can -- maximus spin he horse and swing he sword with expert efficiency -- a spear stab through the neck of he horse and it immediately collapse forward -- maximus sail over the horse 's head and crash to the muddy ground -- he jump up and be in the midst of the battle -- the flame arrow and explode fire pot create a ferocious inferno everywhere around the battle -- the flame silhouett the fight -- on the ground , maximus prove he absolute worth as a warrior -- he hack and dodge -- ghastly image of true ancient warfare -- maximus ' eye burn with a zealous fire as he fight for he life -- he find he be momentarily at a terrible disadvantage -- Germans be surround he from all side -- as he fight he look for a advantage -- for he soldier -- for anything -- he be doom -- then -- a almost mystical image -- maximus ' wolf leap through a wall of flame -- " the Wolf of Rome " savage several Germans around maximus -- give he the help he need . the wolf and he master fight , side - by-side . ext . hilltop - twilight we see a old man 's face , stare down at the battle . the face be weather - beat , ail . the roaring flame from the battlefield below flicker in he sad eye . marcus aurelius , the Emperor of Rome , be on a horse . a metal brace extend from the back of he saddle . he be strapped to the brace with thick , leather strap . he watch as the Felix regiment below conclude the battle . the cheer of the regiment can be hear as the final , isolate pocket of Germans be cut down . behind Marcus the sun be set , painting the world blood red . ext . battlefield - sunset maximus , bloody and spend , walk through the aftermath of the carnage . the Wolf of Rome be at he side . Dead and die by the hundred be scattered everywhere . Roman surgeon be attend to the wounded . Marcus walk to he , embrace he warmly . maximus caesar . marcus maximus , you prove you valor again . let we hope for the final time here . maximus I do not think there 's anyone leave to fight . marcus there be always people leave to fight ... Marcus take maximus ' arm and they walk through the mass of body . maximus hold Marcus ' arm firmly , quietly support he as they walk . marcus but this night , at least , germania be at last defeat ... what will you do now , my friend ? maximus should caesar permit , I will go home . I have be away too long . I have forget my wife 's face and I barely know my son . suddenly , a tethere german prisoner they be pass call out to they : german prisoner this blood means nothing , conqueror ! maximus and Marcus stop . a soldier move quickly to silence the german prisoner . marcus ( to soldier ) stop ... ( to prisoner ) ... you speak we language ? german prisoner you have be in my homeland for twelve year . of course I speak you language . so do my son , who you murder . so do my daughter , who you rape . maximus ( to Marcus ) come , caesar ... marcus no. let he speak ... ( to prisoner ) ... I be Rome , what would you say to I ? german prisoner ( point to sunset ) you be that sun , Rome , and you time be over ... you can slit a thousand throat here , and you can put a thousand baby to the sword , but it will always be we home . marcus now it be Rome . german prisoner it will never be Rome . not as long as one german breathes . the soldier move to kill the insolent prisoner . marcus no ... release he . give he safe passage . let he go to he family . the soldier lead the german prisoner away . maximus and Marcus continue walk in silence for a beat . then : marcus tell I again , maximus , why be we here ? maximus for the glory of the empire , sire . marcus ( quietly ) yes . I remember . they continue walk through the mountain of body ... ext . road - sunset maximus and Marcus be now walk along a road through the dense forest . slave follow behind they , lead they horse . both side of the road be fill with the man of the Felix regiment . as maximus and Marcus pass , the batter and bloody soldier drag themselves to they foot , raise they sword , pay silent homage . maximus they honor you , caesar . marcus I do not think they be stand for I , maximus . they honor you . just then commodus canter into view with he praetorian Guard escort . he watch the army honor maximus with rank envy as he near . he ride up to maximus and Marcus . commodus have I miss it ? he leap from he horse . commodus have I miss the battle ? marcus you have miss the war . we be do here . commodus embrace he , awkward . commodus Father . congratulation . I shall sacrifice a thousand dove to honor you triumph . marcus spare the dove and honor maximus , he win the battle . commodus embrace maximus , even more awkward . commodus General , Rome salute you and I embrace you as a brother . maximus highness . they walk , maximus still support Marcus , as : commodus you spaniard seem invincible . May the god favor the Felix regiment now and always ... ( to he father ) here , Father , take my arm . marcus ( ignore this ) where 's you sister ? commodus she 's at the camp . she have no desire to see the gore of the battlefield . marcus ( smile ) lucilla would eat every corpse here if it bring she one step closer to the throne . maximus laugh . maximus ( smile ) caesar , you do the lady injustice . marcus it 's a foolish old cobra who do not recognize he own off-spring ... ( he suddenly stop , not feel well ) I think ... I should ride now . maximus wave for Marcus ' horse . it be bring up . several soldier carefully help the old man into the saddle . he be then tethere to the brace on he saddle . it be a slow , graceful and embarrassing ordeal for the Emperor of Rome . when at last he be strapped in , he look to maximus . marcus so much for the glory of Rome . without a word to he son , Marcus nod and the horse be slowly lead away . commodus and maximus watch he go . commodus ( neutral ) he 's die . a beat . commodus poor old man . maximus ( terse ) if you will excuse I , highness . he turn and stalk away . ext . tent CITY - night we see the Roman encampment , a sea of tent . hundred of campfire burn before the tent . int . hospital tent - night maximus enter a large tent and be meet by a spectacle of the dead and die . Roman surgeon be work feverishly to save life . limb be amputate , the bloody stump quickly cauterize with hot iron . leech and bronze cup be employ for blood - let to balance " humour . " anesthesia as we know it be nonexistent . wine amphoras be pass around and orderly fan narcotic smoke toward the patient . mostly , though , they just hold down the writhe patient . maximus move through the tent , offer a word of comfort here and there . all the wounded be delighted to see he . he go to a older soldier , gallus , who have one wooden hand . his other hand be bandage . maximus what , gallus , lose you other hand ? gallus aye , General , they be go to make a bronze one for it . Long finger this time . maximus and the woman of you village will crave you touch even more . gallus ah , then you know the woman of my village . maximus smile and move on . he stop at a young soldier , valerius , whose head have be shave . a hole have be bored into he skull to relieve the pressure on he brain . the young soldier be die . maximus what 's you name , son ? valerius valerius , General . maximus the name suit you . valerius why be I die ? a beat . maximus sit by he cot . he take valerius ' hand . maximus you be die because you love Rome , as I do . valerius I have never be to Rome . maximus neither have i. Rome for we life here ... ( he touch he heart ) ... it 's a thing inside we that come from we ancestor and that we give to we child . valerius it must be glorious , Rome . I have only see picture . be it a glorious place ? a beat . maximus yes , it 's a glorious place . valerius it must be . he smile . and he be dead . maximus sit for a moment . he gently close valerius ' eye . and maximus find that he be weep . he be not ashamed of the tear . int . mess tent - night a immediate swirl of noise . the grand mess tent be crowded with soldier . they be still filthy with cake - on mud and blood . wound be bandage and tankard be raise in celebration of the victory . Marcus sit in a central position and receive visitor . currently two Senators , falco and gaius , be bow before he . falco hail , Marcus aurelius . marcus stand up , Senators . that unfamiliar posture do not suit you . gaius we live in supplication to you glory . marcus all the while conspire with that fat man in Rome . how be the old monster ? gaius Senator gracchus be hale , sire . marcus still damn I to the four wind ? gaius still eager for you triumphant return to Rome , caesar . marcus I would have silence he decade ago -- but I just like he too much . meanwhile , maximus stand with he lieutenant , titus and quintus . a wound on maximus ' arm have be bound . maximus ( to titus ) if you want to stay on , I support you . so do the man . I will ask the Emperor to appoint you in my place . titus it will not be the Felix regiment without you . maximus I will return after a season at home . maybe two . quintus that mean after three or four more baby . titus and you will be too fat from vibia 's cooking to get on you horse by then . maximus should the god so bless I . I would be thankful . commodus perambulate up to they . commodus hail , warrior . my congratulation . titus and quintus ( bow ) highness . commodus ( to maximus ) my old friend , my father tell I you be return to Spain ? maximus yes . commodus a pity . I will need man like you in my army ... a awkward glance between the soldier . this sort of talk be offensively premature . commodus there be larger division that might appeal to you . even the praetorian Guard . you have never be to Rome . imagine arrive as head of the praetorian ! they have really splendid uniform . maximus ( cold ) I be go home . Senators gaius and falco join they . gaius ( to maximus ) ... and why not apply for entry to the Senate ? falco a war hero with a handsome face and a strong heart could go far . commodus General maximus , may I present Senators gaius and falco . beware of this gaius , he will pour a honey potion in you ear and you will wake up one day and all you will say be " Republic , Republic , Republic ... " laughter . falco have you never consider Rome ? maximus no . commodus you have have my ear since we be child . you could be a valuable ally in the Senate . gaius be you a believer in republicanism ? commodus ( laugh ) there -- I warn you . maximus I be a soldier , not a politician . meanwhile , a dark eye be study the man through a hide slit in the tent wall . the eye be particularly draw to maximus . gaius if you heart lie with the people , I would back you for the Senate . I be sure gracchus would as well . commodus not a word about that sodomite bastard . gaius ( smile to maximus ) the august Senator gracchus have be rather a gadfly on the flesh of the imperial family . falco he 's a damned provocateur . gaius he life under the antiquated assumption that the Senate should represent the people with vigor . commodus I will not tolerate it . his incessant criticism exhaust I . the man can speak for five hour without take a breath . gaius he serve Rome best when he serve it with honesty . commodus ( sharply ) enough ... maximus , I would like to inspect the Felix regiment at dawn . please arrange it . maximus I can not do that . commodus Excuse I ? maximus my man have be fight for five solid day . they be too busy die to go on dress parade . a beat . commodus ' eye flash fire at this public rebuke . he very quickly get control . commodus ( smile ) of course , how foolish of I . some other time ... he note he father be help out of the tent by several body slave . commodus caesar retire early tonight . int . tent corridor - night Marcus be help out of the mess tent into a tent corridor attach . he see he daughter lucilla in the corridor , spying in through the slit in the tent wall . he watch she , smile . marcus if only you have be bear a man ... she turn to he . he leave he body slave and go to she . lucilla Father . marcus what a caesar you would have make . lucilla you be right . marcus I think you would have be strong . I wonder if you would have be just ? lucilla I would have be what you teach I to be . a beat . they stare at each other . he finally smile . marcus well , pretend to be my loving daughter tonight and walk with I to my chamber . she smile and take he arm . they slowly walk down the tent corridor as : marcus this be a pleasant fiction , be not it ? they disappear into darkness . ext . tent CITY - dawn maximus be slogging through the mud and snow that blanket the Rome camp . he stop to observe a unusual sight . commodus be stripped almost naked , he chisele body cover in a fine sheen of sweat . he and he six centurion body guard be go through they daily ritual . they defy the sub-zero temperature and hack at small tree with sword . it be a eerie , zen-like workout . commodus ' intense concentration be unnerve . maximus watch for a moment then move on . he approach a large network of tent . he enter . int . marcus ' tent - day maximus enter Marcus ' darken tent . flicker brazier provide the only light in the enormous Imperial tent . heavy beam support the canopy and they creak like the timber of a ship as the tent sway slightly in the wind . Marcus stand before a map of the Roman Empire . maximus ( bow ) caesar . Marcus hold out a scroll . marcus read this . maximus I never acquire the art , sir . marcus of course . no matter . in this letter I denote my intention to nominate you to stand for the emperorship after my death . a stunne pause . maximus stare at he . marcus my son be not a moral man . you have know this since you be young . he can not rule . maximus caesar , I be honore but -- marcus for twenty year I have be spilling blood . for twenty year I have write philosophy and ruminate and conquer . since I become caesar I have only have four year without war . four year of peace in twenty . so perhaps I can be ... forgiven . a long beat . marcus while I have be fight , Rome have grow mad and corpulent and disease . I do this . and now I shall make it right . maximus sire , you bring the light of the god to barbarian darkness . you bring civilization and justice to the farthest -- marcus ( fierce ) I have bring the sword -- nothing more ! Rome be far away and we should not be here . what matter be it to the god if we subdue one more tribe of parthian or gaul ? what matter be it to Rome if a thousand more barbarian bend to we lash ? a beat . Marcus sit . he do not look at maximus . a pause . marcus Winter , maximus . it 's winter now ... a beat . marcus there be a dream that be Rome . I can only whisper of it now . anything more than a whisper and the dream vanish . it 's so ... fragile . the true glory of Rome be in a very fragile idea . imagine a place devote to the rights of the citizen . where every free man have a voice . that be the dream ... and I fear it will not survive the winter . he hold out a hand to maximus . maximus take he hand , deeply move , kneel . marcus let 's just whisper here , you and I . maximus yes , caesar . marcus if the dream be ever to live again the people must have a true voice . the voice I take from they . that all the caesar take from they , bit by bit , conquest by conquest . and now that I be die I be go to give they that voice again . maximus you be not die . marcus I be , maximus . it 's strange ... I find as I near the end I think little of the wane moment around I ... instead I think much of the past ... and of the future . how will the world speak my name in year to come ? will I be know as the philosopher ? the warrior ? the tyrant ? or will there be a more golden sounding to my name ? will I be the Emperor who give Rome back she freedom ? a beat . marcus before I die I will give the people this final gift . I will give they the Senate reborn . the voice of the people empower again , as it be always mean to be . it be my design that they will elect the next Emperor . and I would put forward you name with my back . maximus caesar , you do I honor -- but you son have pride of place for succession . marcus you be the son I should have have ... although I fear in my deep heart that if you have truly be my son my blood would have pollute you as it do commodus . we be a curse bloodline . we have live so long in power and depravity that we no longer remember a life without it . we can no longer even imagine a life without it . a beat . marcus look at I , son . maximus look at he . marcus Son ... I know that one grove of you vineyard be worth more to you than all the treasure of Rome . I know one loving word from you wife be worth more than the accolade of a Empire . but ... a fond old man , who love you more than he can say , beg you to at least think about what he have say tonight . maximus I shall , caesar . a beat . marcus I will keep this letter to myself . I hope that with the sunrise you will agree . and embrace I as a father . maximus nod and rise . he begin to go . stop . maximus you have always be my father . he go . int . tent corridor - day maximus emerge from Marcus ' tent into a long tent corridor , deep in think . lucilla's voice he always favore you ... he turn . lucilla be wait . she glide to he . lucilla even over he son . maximus ( turn away ) that 's not true . lucilla maximus , stop ... ( he stop ) let I see you face . he turn to she . lucilla you have be cry . maximus I lose too many man . lucilla what do my father intend ? he turn and walk . she walk with he . maximus I do not know . lucilla you be lie . I could tell when you be lie even when we be child . you hate it . maximus I never acquire you comfort with it . lucilla true . but then you never have to . maximus , stop ... ( he stop again ) ... be it really so terrible see I again ? maximus no. I be sorry . I be tired from the battle . lucilla and you be hurt to see my father die . a beat . lucilla he will announce commodus ' succession . that 's why he summon we . will you serve my brother as you serve he father ? maximus I will always serve the ideal of Rome . a beat . lucilla do you know I still remember you in my prayer ...? oh yes , I pray ... ever since that day you save I from drown off capri . do you remember ? maximus yes . lucilla commodus be so angry that a mere peasant -- a Spaniard no less -- touch the royal person , do you remember he anger ? maximus yes . lucilla Mark this , maximus : that be the man who will be Emperor . a beat . maximus May I be permit to go , highness ? she smile sadly . lucilla there be a time when you do not call I " highness . " maximus and there be a time when you be just a little girl drown in the sea . all that be a different life . lucilla ( quietly ) very different ... I wonder if it be better ? maximus it be more honest . a moment between they . we sense there be much to be say , much that could be say . finally : maximus I thank you for you prayer . he go . she watch he walk away . int . maximus ' tent - night maximus kneel before a small altar in he tent . he face six small figure that represent he dead ancestor . maximus ancestor , true bloodline , I ask you for you guidance . bring I you solace and you wisdom . bless mother , come to I in my dream with the god ' desire for my future . bless Father , watch over my wife and my son with a ready sword . keep they safe until my return . whisper to they in they sleep that I live only to hold they again and all else be dust and air . ancestor , true bloodline , I honor you and will try to live with the dignity you have teach I . he look at he " ancestor " for a moment and then blow out the candle around they . int . marcus ' tent - night commodus ' eye be red with weep . he sit , head down , at the foot of Marcus ' bed and speak to he father . commodus ( quietly ) I search the face of the god for way to please you ... to make you proud ... and I can never do it . one kind word -- one full hug where you press I to you chest and hold I tight -- would have be like the sun on my heart for a thousand year ... what be it in I you hate so much ? my eye be you eye . my hand be you hand . all I have ever want be to live up to you . caesar . Father . he stand . we see that he be hold the scroll denote Marcus ' intention to nominate maximus as Emperor to the Senate . commodus can not control he tear . commodus why do maximus deserve what I could never have ? -- why do you love he eye over mine ? -- I would butcher the whole world -- if you would only love I ... commodus weep . int . maximus ' tent - night quintus be waking maximus -- quintus General -- maximus -- maximus quintus -- ? quintus the Emperor need you . it 's urgent . maximus leap up and throw on a cloak , stride out with quintus ... ext . tent CITY - night Dead of night . maximus and quintus stride quickly through the sleep camp toward Marcus ' tent . maximus what be it ? be he ill ? quintus I do not know ... they continue on toward Marcus ' tent . int . marcus ' tent - night maximus and quintus stride into the tent -- maximus slam to a halt . stun . commodus stand before he . lucilla stand in a corner of the tent , head down . and Marcus aurelius dead , lie on he bed . maximus stare at Marcus . commodus lament with I , brother , we great father be dead . I want -- maximus , not even hearing , step past he to Marcus . he stand for a moment and then slowly kneel before Marcus and gently kiss the old man 's forehead . a ritual farewell . a moment of silent mourn and then maximus stand . he turn very , very slowly to commodus . commodus General , the god ' have take the great man and leave I alone . my first desire as Emperor be that you take my hand in friendship . I need you at my side , maximus , at this moment above all other . stand with I . maximus glare at he : maximus how do he die ? commodus do not respond . maximus how do he die ? commodus the surgeon say it be he breath that give out . maximus glance to lucilla , she avoid he eye . commodus take my hand , maximus . I only offer it once . a beat . maximus turn back to Marcus . maximus how will the world speak you name now , old man ? without a glance to commodus , he stalk out . a silent beat . then commodus nod to quintus . quintus go . lucilla look at commodus for a long moment , she face a enigmatic tornado of complex emotion . then : lucilla hail , caesar . int . maximus ' tent - night maximus be kneel before he ancestor , head down , he fist clench , praying . quintus and four praetorian assassins suddenly burst in -- the assassin move immediately to bind maximus -- sword at he throat -- maximus what -- ?! quintus ( ashamed ) please do not fight , maximus -- maximus quintus -- quintus go to maximus ' armor , which hang nearby , and slowly remove he seal of office . quintus I be sorry , General , caesar have speak . they pull maximus out -- ext . maximus ' tent - tent CITY - night five horse be wait . maximus quintus , what -- ? quintus ( anguish ) I have no choice -- they be almost run over by a stern cohort of twenty praetorian who gallop past . maximus know immediately what this mean . maximus ( suddenly ) my family ?! a beat . maximus what about my family , quintus ? quintus ( quietly ) they will greet you in the afterlife . maximus lunge at he -- the praetorian subdue he -- slamm he with a sword hilt -- knock he unconscious . quintus ( quietly , to assassin ) take he as far as the sunrise and then kill he . ext . forest road - dawn the four praetorian assassin lead maximus along a road . he sit slump in he saddle , drain . assassin # 1 all right , this be far enough . the three other assassin climb from they horse . assassin # 2 push maximus from he horse . he fall to the ground hard . assassin # 1 you two take he down there where no one will find he . assassin # 3 come on , General ... assassin # 3 and assassin # 4 drag maximus down a densely forest hill along the road . maximus ' hand be still bound in front of he . he seem totally lack in any resistance . ext . forest - below the road - dawn maximus eye the two assassin as they troop down the hill away from the road , he note they sparkling armor . the armor of man who have never see real battle . maximus have you ever do this before ? assassin # 3 what ? maximus kill a man with a sword ? assassin # 3 not like this , exactly ... this be good , you can stop . they stop . they be far down the hill , out of sight of the road . maximus it can be very messy -- you could get blood all over you armor . you do not want to hack I up now . you want one clean stroke . assassin # 3 would you kneel , General ? maximus kneel , he whole body secretly coiling . assassin # 3 stand over he as : maximus one good stroke -- you do know where , do not you ? assassin # 4 be quiet . maximus if you miss the spot there will be blood everywhere . quite a spray . assassins # 3 all right , where ? maximus here -- you do not want to hit the vein on the neck -- maximus point he bound hand at a spot on the back of he neck . maximus put the point of you sword here ... you want one , good blow right at this spot -- assassin # 3 dutifully put the point of he sword on the spot on maximus ' neck . a grave mistake . maximus instantly grab the blade of the sword with he hand and yank it from assassin # 3 -- exploding up -- he hand be bleed but he toss the sword into the air and catch it -- swing the sword with brutal efficiency -- decapitate both assassin -- ext . forest road - dawn on the road above , the other two assassin be on they horse , wait . they hear a quick yelp from below . and then nothing . assassin # 1 nod for assassin # 2 to check on the execution . assassin # 2 canter off the road and down the hill ... ext . forest - below the road - dawn assassin # 2 canter down the hillside . he sense movement behind he -- spin around , draw he sword -- too late -- maximus throw a sword -- it flash through the air -- and into assassin # 2 . ext . forest road - dawn assassin # 1 wait on he horse . he hear the commotion below -- spin he horse around just as maximus burst to the road . he stand with a sword . assassin # 1 spur he horse and gallop toward maximus at full speed -- maximus crouch and prepare -- assassin # 1 and maximus swirl together for a instant -- both slashing brutally -- assassin # 1 continue to gallop past maximus . he stop . he look down . a wound in he stomach . he fall off he horse . Dead . maximus have also be wounded -- a deep gash on he side . he fight the pain as he move toward the horse ... ext . forest road - day maximus be gallop through the forest at lightning speed , lead four horse behind he . the gash in he side bleed . ext . tent CITY - day a gloomy day . Emperor commodus stand before the assemble Felix regiment . the soldier be already uneasy . they note quintus stand by commodus , wear maximus ' seal of office . where be maximus ? commodus even as the god curse this dark day with cloud , so too do the sun begin to shine forth on a promise tomorrow . even as we mourn the pass of we father , so too do we celebrate the come of a bright , new age for Rome . at my side , brother , you shall pull fresh glorey from the heaven . at my side , brother , you shall know the adoration of the god . doubly -dark be this day because my friend , you noble commander maximus meridas , have be call to Rome to deal with urgent matter of state ... titus glance quickly to gallus , whose hand be bandage from surgery . they know this can not be true . commodus until he promise return I appoint quintus domitian to serve in he stead . I salute you , legionnaire ! quintus ( raise he sword ) hail , caesar ! the Felix regiment respond , many unsure . felix regiment hail , caesar ! commodus stride off and the Felix regiment slowly disband , mutter to one another in confusion . titus and gallus go to quintus . titus quintus , what be -- ? quintus ( firmly ) do not speak of it . never speak of it . he stalk off . titus and gallus , concerned , watch he follow after commodus . int . maximus ' tent - day lucilla stand in maximus ' tent . she look around . she gently touch he lorica segmentata . her fingertip move along the contour of he armor . she try to retain she neutral demeanor . she note he " ancestor " on the small alter . ext . hillside - night maximus continue to gallop , he be on a different horse . he lead only two horse now . ext . vineyard - day maximus ' home in Spain be beautiful beyond measure . we see verdant farmland and vineyard and a spacious house nestle amid gently roll hill . maximus ' eight - year - old son be in a paddock play with he pony . he stop , see something . over a hill , he can just glimpse a battle flag , approach . he scream with joy and run toward the flag as he call : maximus ' son mother ! mother ! father' home ! maximus ' wife emerge from the house , drying she hand on a cloth and smile . maximus ' Son race toward the flag . he can just see the soldier beginning to appear over the hill . not a Roman legion at all . twenty praetorian canter over the hill . maximus ' Son stop , confuse . ext . olive grove - day maximus be gallop up a hill , lead only one horse now . the horse he be on be exhaust , spend , foam coat its neck . it can not make it . the horse collapse and maximus fall . he immediately leap onto the remain horse and continue riding up the hill . ext . hill around vineyard - sunset maximus be racing over the countryside , gallop in a frenzy . his wound be bleed profusely , coating the side of he horse . he rear the horse to a stop for a moment . over a hill he can see thick black smoke rise . he spur the horse and gallop over the hill ... ext . vineyard - sunset and he worst nightmare be realize . his home and he vineyard have be destroy . the earth have be scorched and he house be still smolder . he ride up to the house and practically fall off the horse . he pull himself up and walk past the smolder debris of he house , fear what he know he will find . he see the body of servant scattered about in the ruin . he see a praetorian battle flag . he continue on , he wound bleed more with every torture step . he finally stop . he stare up . his wife and he son have be crucify and burnt . they be nothing more than grotesquely twisted , char shape . maximus instantly collapse to he knee -- he howl out he torment in a heartrend keen of despair as he coat he face in the ash of he dead world . he sink into unconsciousness , praying for death . ext . vineyard - day a unusual jingling sound be hear . maximus appear to be dead , he gape wound beginning to fester . the source of the jingling become clear when we see the foot of bedouin brigands , with delicate anklet , shuffle around he . a hand touch he sandal . Rich sandal . another touch he tunic . good cloth . suddenly maximus groan . the hand stop . he 's alive . a bit of quick language in a unknown tongue . then the hand grab maximus and drag he away . ext . slave wagon train - day maximus ' eye slowly open -- inch away from he face -- a lion roar -- maximus lurch back . he look around to realize he be in a filthy slave wagon . Three other wagon slowly move over the desert landscape . exotic animal be cage in pen or lead alongside the wagon : lion , panther , zebras , a giraffe . a dozen slave be chain together alongside sack of spice and other cargo . bedouin slave trader jabber in a surreal babel of foreign tongue . and someone be look at he . juba , a strike African , be gaze at he impassively as he chew something . juba be also chain . maximus ( weakly ) be I in hade ? juba yes . juba spit what he have be chew into he hand and move to maximus . juba for you wound ... maximus stare at he . juba ( nod ) for you wound . maximus look down -- the bloody wound at he side . juba carefully place he poultice over the wound -- maximus hiss in pain -- juba massage the poultice into the wound gently as : juba if you die in the wagon they feed you to the lion ... the lion be worth more than we be . I think we be worth more than the zebras though . so they do not feed we to they . maximus stare at he . juba look down at he with the barest hint of a smile . juba I be not sure about the giraffe . ext . slave market - day the heat of Morocco be unlike anything maximus have ever know . shimmer heat wave undulate over the sand . the provincial market be bustling like the proverbial anthill . slave trader and dealer and merchant move around , all talk very quickly and very emphatically . maximus , juba and a number of other slave be on display , poke and prodd and fondle . they bedouin slave trader sing out they praise to any passer . the crowd part almost magically for the dramatic arrival of proximo . proximo be a large man of immense appetite . he have the ferocious appearance of a true pirate . two slave follow behind he and impotently swat at fly with switch . slave trader proximo , my old friend , see what I have for you today -- ! proximo slam a fist into the slave Trader 's face . the slave Trader sail back . proximo that giraffe you sell I will not mate ! all they do be run around not mate ! you sold I eunuch giraffe !! the slave Trader pull himself up , hugely obsequious . slave trader I will make it up to you , master . it 's bargain day for you ! look , look , look -- I have two lion and a panther -- hear how they roar for you ! " bring I home , proximo ! " proximo examine the animal . proximo how much for the lot ? slave trader for you -- 8,000 sesterce . proximo for I -- 6,000 sesterce and I want to see they ball first . and you throw in that two slave . slave trader ( move to maximus ) what about this one ? look at the arm ! proximo move to maximus . the slave Trader force open maximus ' mouth . proximo good tooth -- proximo note the many old battle scar on maximus ' body . proximo where do you get that scar ? maximus do not respond . proximo be you a soldier ? maximus do not respond . proximo do you speak ? -- ( he roar back to a slave ) keep that damn fly off I ! ( back to maximus ) he 's die . slave trader 1,000 sesterce . proximo my ass ... ( move to juba ) you throw in this one and we will make it 7,000 sesterce for the whole lot . slave trader I have to eat , master ! he 's my finest , I could not let he go as part of the lot for less than 9,000 total ... ( back to maximus ) I tell you this one be prime . he 's a Spaniard and kill fourteen of my man before he could be subdued ! proximo look at maximus , note the many battle scar again . the scar , and something he sense in maximus ' eye , be enough for proximo to consider it . proximo ( to trader ) all right , let 's see . the slave Trader and he colleague grab maximus and bustle he across the market , unlock he chain . maximus have no idea what 's go on . in the center of the market place , a veritable giant of a man sit on a small stool , a wooden sword in he hand . he be hunch over and chain to the ground by a ten foot chain shackle to he ankle . a think metal helmet be rivete around he entire head , only long turf of hair emerge . his dim eye stare listlessly through a slot in the helmet . the slave Trader put a wooden sword in maximus ' hand and shove he toward the giant . the giant stand . he tower over maximus . the giant suddenly swing he sword -- he move with remarkable quickness -- maximus make no attempt to block the blow -- it send he fly to the ground . maximus pull himself up . the giant move in and hit he again -- maximus recoil -- the giant hit he again -- maximus fall . maximus pull himself up . the giant move in again -- he slam he a few more time -- maximus make no attempt to protect himself -- he fall . maximus pull himself up . the giant be about to attack again -- proximo ( to slave Trader ) that 's enough . slave trader stop ! stop ! his colleague race into the ring and haul the giant away from maximus . the giant quietly sit back on he stool . proximo study maximus for a moment and then glance to the slave Trader . proximo I will give you 500 sesterce . slave trader no -- no -- 1,000 ! proximo ( laugh ) come , do not quibble with you old friend . I will take the lion , the panther , the numidian and this one for 7,000 . and I will buy you the best whore in the town for two night . she 's a enormous mountain of flesh who crave a stern hand . slave trader how could I say no to my old friend proximo ? ext . proximo's school - day maximus and juba be cramme into a wagon with about ten other slave , include a very scared and reedy scribe . other wagon be fill with exotic animal , include several lion . the wagon move through a crowded casbah and be take through a impose set of gate to ... ext . proximo's school - compound - day a open compound in proximo 's school . on one side of the compound be a series of cage fill with wild animal of every description -- include proximo 's two hapless giraffe . proximo 's house slave begin unload the newly purchase exotic animal into cage as maximus and the new slave be unload . heavily armed guard supervise everything . but proximo 's slave be have a bit of a problem with one of the new lion -- it growl and resist they . without the slight hesitation , proximo thunder to the lion and grab it by the mane -- manhandle it into a cage . proximo come on , you filthy beast ! he kick the lion in the rear as he shove it into the cage . proximo 's provincial school resemble nothing so much as a seedy prison . the fade grandeur of the decaye battlement and the sweeping North African architecture only slightly mitigate the brutal feel of the place . and if maximus have any doubt as to proximo 's profession -- all doubt be wash away when he see the compound . twenty gladiator be work out in the compound -- hack at practice dummy and sparring . the many heavily armed guard oversee everything . the gladiator stop work out as they see the new slave enter . they eye they potential new opponent warily . one huge , glower gladiator -- vibius -- watch with particular interest . his eye be quickly draw to the most obvious athlete : juba . the new slave be herde to the middle of the compound and house slave immediately begin throw bucket of water on they , clean they . meanwhile , proximo shrug off he cloak . a slave bring he wine as he give he " welcoming speech " to the new slave : proximo slave . I be proximo , trainer of gladiator . you live and die at my pleasure . fight well and you will live . fight poorly and you will die . it be better to live . slave now toss thick handfuls of powder lime on the new slave -- they cough and clench they eye shut , the lime coat and sting they wet body . proximo here you will be train in the art of combat . here you will be give the tool to survive . please my patron in the arena and all the gift of the world will be shower upon you . imagine rich beyond you paltry dream of rich ! imagine fame beyond you rude understanding of the word ! all this can belong to the select few who prove they worth in the arena . slave throw more water on the new slave -- wash off the lime . proximo if ... on the other hand ... you disappoint I ... you will be dismember and feed to my jackal limb by limb . he gaze evenly at he new acquisition . proximo and my jackal be always hungry . he stride off and the guard shove the new gladiator toward they cell . int . proximo's school - maximus ' cell - night maximus and juba share a small , filthy cell . the cell door face the open compound . across the compound they can see the much more comfortable cell of the " star " gladiator such as vibius . they both sit on the floor , lean against the wall . juba be eat a bowl of food with a wooden spoon . maximus ' bowl and spoon be at he side , he have not touch they . juba have you kill a man before ? maximus do not respond . juba you should eat . you will need you strength tomorrow . maximus do not respond . juba I have never kill a man . but I think you have . maximus do not respond . juba I almost kill once . the Roman destroy my village . I be with a hunt party and when we return ... I would have kill every Roman in the world . a long beat . juba if you do not eat you will die . maximus do not respond . a beat . juba in the village I come from there be a man once . he go fishing one day and he boat be attack by crocodile . one of they eat he leg . he pull himself to the shore and a lion attack he . it eat one of he arm . he drag himself through the desert on the way home and a scorpion stung he eye . so he only have one eye . when he reach the village I sit with he . I say , " you have lose a leg , a arm and one eye . you must have a mighty will to live . " he say , " no , Lord , it 's just better than the alternative . " maximus finally look at he . juba life be a gift from we father to we . who be you to give it up for lack of lift a spoon ? maximus do not respond . ext . proximo's school - compound - night maximus and juba be be observe . proximo stand in the shadow of the compound and watch intently . ext . slave wagon - provincial street - day blood appear to be flow across a oxen 's back . but the blood be too rich , too red . the oxen be pull a open slave wagon through the crowded street of the town . hanging above the street be dyed wool drying in the sun . vermilion and crimson dy drip down and splash across the oxen -- and splash across the gladiator . maximus , juba , the formidable vibius be chain in the back of the wagon . also the frighten scribe . proximo and a few of he guard drive the wagon . proximo have a umbrella over he , color with year of drip dy . they pass a banner honore vibius , the star of proximo 's stable . meanwhile , the terrify scribe be almost weep , chatter nervously to vibius , chain next to he : scribe I know nothing of armament and warfare ! I be a scribe -- I write down word ! I can write down seven language -- vibius be still . scribe I do not -- how do you hold the sword ?! I have never hold a sword ! vibius you point the sharp end at you opponent and you shove it in he gut . scribe I can not -- I -- he suddenly vomit . vibius ( call to proximo ) proximo ! you insult I with this carrion ! chain he to someone else ! proximo ( call back ) do not worry , noble vibius , he will not be bother you for long . the scribe begin to weep . the crowd in the street jeer at the pass gladiator . occasionally throw trash at they . a pack of child run alongside the wagon , chant : child Dead gut ! Dead gut ! Dead gut ! maximus watch the child for a moment and then another sight draw he attention . over some building he can see vulture circle in the distance . ext . provincial arena - dugout - day in the cramped hold area of the arena , a dugout beneath the stand , maximus and the other gladiator be wait . proximo walk before they , give a final " pep talk . " he gaze at they evenly , he eye go from face to face . proximo some of you say you can not fight , you will not fight ... they all say that ... but one day you will pick up a sword and thrust it into another man . and the crowd will cheer you and love you . and you will love they for it . on that day ... you will be a gladiator . he stop at maximus . proximo in this life , we all die . all we can choose be how we die . and how we be remember . be remember proudly . drum be hear from the arena . proximo nod to a wait blacksmith . the blacksmith begin slamm shackle on the gladiator 's wrist -- chain they together in team of two by a chain about four foot long . the blacksmith be about to chain maximus to the scribe . proximo no ... ( he point to juba ) ... give the Spaniard to he . give the scribe to vibius . proximo nod to vibius , who , for reason we shall soon see , make no protest to be chain to the whimper scribe . proximo watch the blacksmith shackle maximus and juba together and then stride off . juba ( to maximus ) be we go to fight each other ? ext . provincial arena - day proximo sit in a box with several other gladiator trainers . they drink wine and eat constantly . a perpetual chatter of wager and odd and side bet . the arena be only sparsely attend this day . proximo make it 600 sesterce for each decapitation . trainer # 1 how many stroke ? proximo two . trainer # 1 for the great vibius , one stroke . proximo done. 400 sesterce for two stroke . in the arena : proximo 's chain team enter the arena , five team . maximus and juba be chain together . some of the small crowd cheer for vibius . he acknowledge the cheer . he be chain to the weep scribe . in the box : trainer # 1 laugh . trainer # 1 ( be : vibius ) who 's he with ? proximo a Greek scribe . trainer # 1 I will raise the wager . proximo ( smile ) give I odd , friend . in the arena : from the opposite end of the arena a dozen armored , very scary andabatae thunder into the arena . some of the crowd cheer . the andabatae immediately race for the chain team and the battle be on . vibius spin into action -- drag the weep scribe after he as he circle opponent and fight -- the scribe be almost instantly kill -- vibius immediately hack through the scribe 's wrist and frees himself , as proximo surely intend . vibius be now free to fight alone , swinging the chain as a additional weapon . juba 's eye dart everywhere as he try to move with maximus -- maximus neither help nor hinder -- allow juba to pull he along -- proximo , now that he star vibius be safe , watch maximus and juba closely . juba fight well , with a strange elegance , he body flow like liquid -- but he be inexperienced . he strike a few blow and then try to move away -- finally he be in trouble -- cornere -- a huge andabata be slice at he -- it be a desperate battle -- juba be lose -- he sword be slam away -- the andabata raise he sword for the kill -- and maximus strike . with a sudden roar he explode into action -- he swing past juba and block the blow mean for juba -- then he slashes the andabata -- kill he -- he pull juba after he as he fight -- it be a dazzle display of maximus ' skill -- he move through the andabatae at amazing speed -- spin around juba and protect he -- slashing ruthlessly -- pull juba after he and commanding the battle -- juba recover a sword and they fight together . in the box : proximo watch , smile . a gladiator be bear . ext . rome - wagon - day senator gracchus , a impose , moral and corpulent man in he 60' , be riding in a luxurious wagon with Senator gaius . and captain marcellus , the handsome head of the Roman City Guard . they wagon slowly maneuver through the crowded street of Rome . the cosmopolitan bustle of the great urban center be everywhere around they . gracchus we have plague in the Hebrew Quarter and it be spread ... we have looting at the granary ... we have so much filth in the tiber that the water be undrinkable ... we have praetorian Guard unit that be demand protection payment from the merchant at the exchange -- marcellus my City Guard unit have try to curtail this excess but no constabulary can police the entire city . and the praetorian outnumber we two to one . gracchus Rome die as the Emperor play at beneficence . at least nero give we music ! gaius do you think he will listen to we ? gracchus it be he duty to hear the will of the Senate . they wagon stop -- hopelessly stick in a massive traffic jam of chariot , wagon and sedan chair . gracchus not to mention the damn traffic ! int . palace - throne room - day Emperor commodus be stand before a group of male child and they tutor in he throne room . the throne room be still very much the province of he father . manuscript and astronomical chart and papyrus scroll and wax tablet litter the heavy desk . a large bust of Marcus aurelius be in one corner . lucilla and Senator falco be present . so too Senators gracchus and gaius and Captain marcellus . a well - rehearse child present commodus with a laurel wreath . child we honor caesar with the laurel to show we love and appreciation for he benevolence . commodus caesar be honore to accept you tribute , citizen scholar . the child smile and move back to he fellow . commodus ( to all ) it be the most sacred duty of the Emperor to oversee the education of the young . if I could leave no other legacy than the scholarship of all child my life would be bless . tutor , you hold the future of Rome in you hand . teach they well so that they will bring honor to the Empire . I salute you . commodus actually bow before they , a unimaginable honor . the tutor bow in response and herd the child out . commodus look at they , Senators ... my truest gift to Rome . gracchus darling child , to be sure , now if I may proceed ? commodus ( sigh ) very well ... commodus move to the desk , stand over it and gaze at Marcus ' scroll as : gracchus caesar , you presence in Rome be a invaluable opportunity to begin correct some of the ill that have beset the city since you father go to the war . we would like to -- commodus peace , good gracchus , peace ... commodus slowly begin push Marcus ' papyrus scroll off the desk to the floor , one by one , as : commodus my beloved father be a careless shepherd to he flock . I shall be a good father to my child . I shall remain in Rome and show they how they be love . gracchus with respect , sire , the people do not need love -- they need law . the Senate have prepare a series of protocol to begin address the corruption in the city -- ( gaius hand he a scroll ) -- start with basic sanitation in the Hebrew Quarter . if caesar could study this and -- commodus you see that 's the very problem , be not it , my old , old friend ? my father spend all he time at study . at book and learn and philosophy ... as commodus speak he move to the chair behind the desk , try it , do not like it , nod to a slave . the chair be whisk away . commodus he spend he twilight hour read scroll from the Senate . all the while , the people be forget . gracchus the Senate be the people . commodus I doubt many of the people eat so well as you do , Senator gracchus ... as commodus speak he move to the bust of Marcus , study it , do not like it , nod to a slave and the bust be whisk away . lucilla watch this closely . commodus I doubt many of the people have such splendid armor , Captain marcellus . or such fine mistress , Senator gaius . no ... only they true father know what the people need . I shall show they they be love . I shall hold they to my bosom and embrace they tightly -- gracchus have you ever embrace someone die of plague , sire ? commodus stop . look at he . a lethal moment . commodus no . but if you interrupt I one more time I assure you that you shall . I will emulate the immortal caesar of the past . I will give the people what they truly want . start this day I will draw all of Rome to the colosseum . I will give they bread . and they will want nothing more . startle look between gracchus , gaius and marcellus . gracchus you want to hold game ? commodus not just any game , Senator ! a series of game that will make the god envious and leave my child happy ! I will subsidize the arena from this day forth -- and I will culminate this celebration in a great spectacle the like of which the world have never see ! a great spectacle to honor my father ! magnificent , unending week of festivity all in the name of Marcus aurelius ! a beat . gracchus if I may , caesar ... how be you go to pay for this ? commodus that be not you concern . gracchus ignore a warning look from gaius . gracchus respectfully , sire , taxation and import duty be the exclusive province of the Senate -- commodus spin on he so quickly and with such feral violence that everyone be shocked -- commodus my father deserve to be honored and I will honor he ! -- and the people will love I ! -- and the senate will obey I or every one of you will burn ! burn ! burn ! -- I will have order ! he snarl like a great jungle cat and he stalk away . Senator falco quickly follow . a dreadful silence . then : lucilla gentlemen , in the future do not concern my brother with this matter . come to I . she sweep out . a beat . marcellus Games ? he want to hold game ? gaius it 's madness . gracchus no ... it 's not ... a beat . gracchus he know who Rome be . Rome be the mob . he will conjure magic for they and they will be distract . and he will take they life . and he will take they freedom . and still they will roar . the beat heart of Rome be not the marble of the Senate . it 's the sand of the colosseum . he will give they death . and they will love he for it . int . provincial arena - dugout - tunnel - day maximus be march relentlessly through the dugout and cramped , serpentine trench - like tunnel that lead to the arena . we do not really see maximus well in the dark tunnel . proximo scurries to keep up with he -- they brush past gladiator who line the wall . some be wounded , some be be attend to by surgeon , some be shell - shocked , some be nervously wait to go on , whisper prayer . we twist and turn in the tunnel with proximo and maximus as : proximo ( quickly ) I have wagere on you against the celt -- ignore the other and go for they -- there be two axe - and - net and two long spear . now the celt be not use to the sun so you have the advantage there ... the roar of the crowd be grow , they be near the arena ... proximo and keep they move , they lung be not strong , ground the spear as soon as you can and then go for the ax-men . if you get all four there 's a extra bonus so do not be distract by the spartan ... without a word to proximo , or a moment 's hesitation , maximus stride into the arena . ext . provincial arena - day we continue with maximus as he stride into the roaring arena . we finally see he in the blaze sunlight -- he wear traditional gladiator armor and now have longer hair and a beard -- a battle be already in progress , fight and dead and die gladiator crowd the arena -- we stay with maximus as he wade through he opponent , fight they heroically , slashing through they without stop -- the large crowd cheer mightily -- chant of " Spaniard ! Spaniard ! Spaniard ! " we stay with maximus as he cut through the four celt like a scythe through wheat and then we dramatically pull up and away -- take in the roaring arena and the hero . ext . proximo's school - compound - night a large mess area have be set up . the table around the compound be crowded with gladiator . Guards everywhere . maximus and juba enter . move to get food . all conversation gradually drain away as the other gladiator watch they . silence . maximus and juba note the strange silence as they move to a large table . vibius be at the table with a number of other gladiator . there be no place for maximus and juba . vibius stand and kick two other gladiator off they bench . vibius move aside ! this be a table for men ! maximus and juba sit . vibius remain stand . he begin to pound on the table with he fist . soon all the gladiator be pound on they table . it be a cacophonous din honore maximus . int . proximo's school - proximo's chamber - night proximo sit on a terrace overlook he compound , sip wine . various gladiator can be see work out below . a guard bring maximus . proximo nod for the guard to leave . proximo ( hold up a plate ) Butterfly ? the plate be fill with honey butterfly , they wing still move slightly . maximus shake he head . proximo pop one into he mouth . he chew as he look at maximus . proximo perhaps you would like a woman ? maximus shake he head . proximo Boy ? maximus shake he head . a beat . proximo gold ? maximus shake he head . proximo well , I have nothing leave to offer you ! a man who turn down a butterfly , a woman , a boy and gold confuse I . personally , I would grab they all and then grab some more because the god be fanciful and take we at they whim . do the Spaniard have any need ? maximus shake he head . a beat . proximo study he . proximo you fight like a soldier . you have wound like a soldier who have be on long campaign . you eye the world around you like a enemy . what be you name , Roman soldier ? maximus gladiator . a beat . proximo and nothing more ? maximus nothing more . a beat . proximo watch maximus very closely for the follow : proximo in two day we leave for Rome . maximus ' eye suddenly flash to proximo . he be transfix , he eye burn . proximo ah ... so it 's Rome you want . well you shall have she , gladiator . the new Emperor have order a series of match to culminate in a grand spectacle . if you do well I shall become very , very rich . if you do well enough I shall set you free . be it freedom you want ? a beat . maximus shake he head . proximo ( quietly ) not even that . maximus ( barely control ) the Emperor -- will he be there ? proximo oh yes . he 's apparently quite mad about the game . spend a fortune , which be , needless to say , good for I again . but what be good for you , gladiator ? maximus have you -- how do one meet the Emperor ? proximo as a gladiator ? maximus yes . proximo one do not . a beat . proximo see that maximus ' mind be racing . proximo except ... if one have prove oneself in battle . if at the end of the game you be the final man stand -- the Emperor will present you with a small wooden sword . the sword be you freedom . maximus he give it personally ? proximo he do to I ... ( maximus be surprised at this ) we great father Marcus aurelius look into my eye and touch I on the shoulder . maximus you know Marcus ? proximo I do not know he . he touch I on the shoulder . just once . but that be enough . a beat . proximo all right , gladiator . we shall go to Rome together and have bloody adventure . the great Whore will suckle we until we be fat and happy and can not suck another drop . that be Rome . int . / ext . slave wagon - outside rome - evening maximus be crouch in the back of a enclose slave wagon with vibius , juba and a few other gladiator . in the distance , Rome . int . palace - commodus ' bedroom - night commodus sit on he bed , rub he aching head . lucilla be prepare a drink for he , a medicinal tonic . commodus all my desire be split my head to piece -- there 's so much I want to do -- but all my effort to show my child they be love go unappreciate by that dragon in the Senate -- lucilla ( mixing tonic ) quiet , brother ... unseen by he , she add a little special powder to the drink from a vial secrete in she robe . lucilla leave the Senate to I . do not trouble yourself . commodus all I want be to be a good father to my people . why do not they understand that ? she go to he . lucilla shhh . the tonic will help ... she take a sip and then hand it to he . lucilla yes , just drink this down . she sit on the edge of the bed . he drink as : commodus I must take a firmer hand with they . they must know they father can be firm . as we father be firm with we . lucilla we father lose he way . his mistake be believe the old song of the " Republic . " we know better . so let the Senate talk . they have no real power . commodus yes ... yes ... you always know the way . you be always so wise in this matter ... ( he take she hand ) you know if I do not have my duty to Rome I think I should be a artist . I should go away and paint picture of the sea and leave all the politics to you ... a beat . he be sleepy , he lie back on he bed . commodus will you stay with I ? lucilla ( smile gently ) still afraid of the dark , brother ? commodus still . always . a beat . commodus my dream would terrify the world . a beat . lucilla I will stay with you until you be asleep . commodus ( fall asleep ) and after ... just sit with I . keep I safe ... he be asleep . she watch he for a moment and then rise . she go . int . palace - hallway - night lucilla move down a long corridor in the palace and blow out candle as she go . she finally arrive at she own chamber and enter ... int . palace - lucilla's chamber - night Senators gracchus and gaius and Captain marcellus be wait . lucilla he 's asleep . be quick . gracchus we have take a sounding , the Senate be with we . lucilla good . gracchus but we be only word . we be air . we need steel . marcellus the City Guard be faithful to the Republic . but we do not stand a chance against the praetorian . lucilla can they be buy ? marcellus they be zealot -- totally commit to you brother . gracchus well , can they at least be rent for a day ? marcellus I doubt it . he pay they exorbitant salaries and let they loot and extort as they see fit . the city belong to they . lucilla and they have start arrest scholar now . anyone who dare speak out -- even satirist and chronicler . marcellus and mathematician and Christians . all to fill the arena . gaius and what pay for it ? this game be cost a fortune and yet we have no new tax . lucilla the future . the future pay for it ... a beat . she look at they . lucilla he 's start sell the grain reserve . gaius no . marcellus that can not be true ... lucilla he 's sell Rome 's reserve of grain . the people will be starve in two year . I hope they be enjoy the spectacle because soon enough they will be dead because of they . marcellus Rome must know this . lucilla and who will tell they ?! you , marcellus ? you , Senator gaius ? will you make a speech on the Senate floor denounce my brother ? and then see you family in the colosseum ? what town - crier would dare ? a long beat . lucilla he must die . a beat as she word sink in . gaius the praetorian would only seize control themselves . lucilla no -- cut off the head and the snake cannot strike . gracchus lucilla , gaius be right . until the City Guard can neutralize the praetorian we can accomplish nothing . marcellus and I have not enough man . lucilla what about the army ? gaius no Roman army have enter the capital in a hundred year . lucilla so we do nothing ?! a door open , a voice ... lucius ' voice mother ... a eight - year- old boy stand in a doorway , sleepy . he be lucius , lucilla 's son . lucius I hear voice ... lucilla ( go to he ) it 's all right , darling , you -- lucius suddenly notice Senator gracchus : lucius ( run to gracchus ) Senator ! what do you bring I ?! he leap onto gracchus -- gracchus laugh and pull something from he robe . gracchus for you prince lucius ... a sea monster ! gracchus give lucius a beautifully paint toy of a sea serpent . gracchus off the coast of achaea they grow twenty time this size , with snap tooth to devour any nasty praetorian they come across ... now , where be achaea ? lucius below Macedonia ! gracchus show I on the map . lucius run to a map and stab he finger at achaea . we sense this be a old game between they . lucilla lucius , you go in now , I will be in shortly . lucius ( to gracchus ) thank you , Senator Mountain ! gracchus you be welcome , Prince anthill ! lucius go . lucilla shut the door after he . a moment . she turn to the other , a deep anguish in she eye . lucilla what be you go to do ? gracchus go to she , hold she . gracchus peace child ... one dark night the god will light we path . they will give we the voice we need . have faith in that . have faith . int . / ext . roman street - slave wagon - night maximus crane for a sight of the eternal City through a hole in the wooden slat that cover the slave cart . he can see only glimpsis of Rome as they pass . but the image be not what he expect . alongside the undeniable glory of the city , the madness and disease Marcus aurelius speak of be readily apparent . maximus see flash of plague victim be toss on cart heape with body -- he see get and spend and commerce everywhere -- he see fascist praetorian Guard unit trooping past -- he see the magnificent architecture of the city -- he see starve child begging from filthy gutter -- he see rich citizen out for a stroll -- he see a swirl combination of sophistication and depravity , of civilization and corruption . he sit back in the cart , deep in think . vibius look at he . vibius not what you expect ? maximus no. vibius Rome be nothing but a slaughter house . and we be the meat . ext . proximo's compound - night the slave wagon pull up to proximo 's rather grand Roman compound . Guards unlock impose gate and the wagon drive in ... ext . proximo's compound - courtyard - night Inside the gate be a large courtyard , much like proximo 's moroccan school but much more impressive . a fountain with a enormous statue of the war god Mars be central in the courtyard . the gladiator climb from the wagon , stretch after the long journey . vibius lead maximus and juba to the statue . he wade through the fountain and kiss the toe of Mars . vibius tradition . he watch over we . juba step up and kiss the toe . vibius ( to maximus ) oh go on , it will not kill you . maximus kiss the toe as well . proximo ( call to they ) stop that ! you will get some monstrous disease and then you will be worth nothing to I ! Guards come and lead they to they cell , which line one side of the courtyard . int . proximo's compound - cell - night later . maximus and juba again share a cell . it be more comfortable than they cell in Morocco , befit maximus ' new status as one of the " star . " a high , bar window on one wall open to the city . another bar window be directly over they , twenty foot above . maximus pull himself up to the side window , he look out . and see at last ... the colosseum . it be a breathtaking sight . monolithic Albert speer-like column of light shine up from the colosseum . it seem to illuminate the whole city and the heaven above . maximus drop back to the floor . juba do you think it will be much different ? here in Rome ? maximus bigger arena . same kill . a beat . juba be you scared for tomorrow ? maximus no. a beat . juba I too . a beat . juba I never though it would be so easy to kill . a beat . juba so you be finally home . maximus this be not my home . juba for all Roman ... this be home . a beat . juba ( quietly ) among my people we honor the soil of we home . we ancestor be in that soil . all they dream live there . I will never see my home again . the soil be dead and no one honors they , so the dream die . a beat . maximus perhaps one day you will return . juba look at he . juba how can I go back ? I be not what I be . when a man kill for no reason , he have lose himself . a long beat . juba lean he head back and quietly begin to sing . a haunt lament in he native tongue . ext . colosseum - day a flurry of image from around the colosseum , the energy mount . at this point we see practically nothing of the inside of the colosseum : slave be balance high above the empty arena . they be on rope unrol huge roll of muslin ; sun tarp that provide shade below ... merchant open stall in the curve arcade around outside of the colosseum . they sell everything from food to magic elixir , from toy to aphrodisiacs . they immediately start declaim and demonstrate the virtue of they product ... gang of whore of both sex trawl the street . they have bizarrely - color hair and elaborate makeup ... citizen begin arrive , push past the vendor and the pickpocket . we see whole family with picnic lunch ... ferocious animal be bring into the colosseum in bar cage ... in the busy arcade , barber and blood - letter practice they craft alongside exotic alchemist , fire eater and contortionist ... richer citizen arrive in sedan chair and chariot , they feign indifference to the hoot mob ... mounted City Guard police unit try to retain some order ... gambler crowd betting booth and haggle mercilessly ... finally , we see maximus and the other gladiator in a slave cart . maximus watch everything as the slave cart disappear into the colosseum ... int . colosseum - route to holding cell - day the interior of the colosseum be a busy world unto itself . maximus and the other be lead by proximo 's guard down a long ramp and past countless animal cage . gambler circulate everywhere and observe the warrior , angle for the best odd and the best match . maximus and the other be lead even deeper into the bowel of the colosseum to a new whole subterranean realm . numerous cell line the wall . rack and rack of weaponry and armor . and , most strike , everywhere around they be the heavy machinery of the spectacle above . huge " elevator " platform and ramp and pulley and counterweight be manned by team of sweat slave . int . colosseum - holding cell - day finally , proximo 's guard lead the gladiator to they hold cell . this cell be right at the edge of the arena . bar window offer a sand - level view of the action . maximus immediately go to a window and look out . he can not see much of the entire arena , but what he do see transfix he . a band of Christians be huddle together . a eerie silence from the colosseum but for the prayer of the Christians . maximus watch they . one little girl peel past she mother 's arm . she see maximus . she smile . suddenly a dozen ferocious lion race up a ramp by maximus -- they roar into the arena -- we do not see the carnage . we watch maximus ' face as we hear the sound of the slaughter . and the sound of the roaring crowd . maximus finally cannot watch . he drop he head . int . colosseum - trainer be lair - day proximo be with a dozen other gladiator trainer and the colosseum 's orator and majordomo , cassius . they be haggling in a secluded area not far from the arena itself . huge chalkboard chart the day 's match and wager and odd . colosseum tout continually erase and mark new figure on the chalkboard to keep up with the swiftly change bout . the roar of the lion and the unnerve scream of the Christians can clearly be hear . cassius ... and the Emperor will have no more animal battle today -- upset roar from some of the trainer . trainer # 1 you promise I a bear match , cassius ! trainer # 2 I have ten damned gorilla ! you say gorilla yesterday ! cassius talk to the man in the imperial box . who have the next slot ...? ( he check the board ) -- lentulus , gideon , trebonius and proximo -- ( to proximo ) -- Nice to have you back , you piratical bastard -- now listen , the Emperor want the carthage spectacle . the four trainer explode in a flurry of resistance -- proximo no -- have pity , cassius -- ! trainer # 3 my man be too good for -- ! cassius you give we the carthage match or lose you spot on the rotation -- but do not worry -- gold be flow from the Emperor 's finger . trainer # 3 it will cost you -- proximo I will not do it for less than 100,000 sesterce -- ! trainer # 4 120,000 ! all I have be my best thracian ! cassius ( to proximo ) and I want to see this famous Spaniard of yours -- he reputation soar from the province . the people be eager for he -- proximo I will not throw my Spaniard into a spectacle ! damn you and damn the rotation ! cassius you will and the price will be 90,000 sesterce each -- ( to all ) -- which you all know be exorbitant -- and if you extorting blood - whore try to pawn off lesser fighter on I I will see you dead in the arena tomorrow ! trainer # 4 my thracian be worth -- ! cassius give I you best , brother . they die before caesar . he stride back to the arena . the tout instantly begin make new mark on the board to represent the mysterious " carthage spectacle " as some of the trainer hurry out . proximo walk with trainer # 4 : proximo I give you 30,000 my Spaniard will kill at least one of you thracian . trainer # 4 30,000 ?! on a Spaniard ?! that provincial sun have curdle you brain ! proximo then make the wager , you smug bastard ! they disappear down a dark corridor , negotiate all the while . int . colosseum - holding cell - day maximus , juba , vibius and another of proximo 's gladiator be be armed . they all wear mask - like helmet . proximo hurry to they . proximo all right -- there be three other team , four man each -- ( to maximus ) you know what a thracian look like ? maximus yes , but -- proximo ignore the other -- go for the thracian . the sun be to the east -- over the gate -- keep you back to the gate and you will not have the sun . maximus what -- ? trumpets begin sounding from the arena . proximo hurry -- ! the guard quickly bustle the four toward a gate lead to a dark tunnel to the arena . proximo die well and we will sing song about you for a generation . short sword be shove into they hand and the gate rise . they be push into the dark tunnel lead to the arena . the gate close behind they . the four gladiator stand for a moment and then slowly walk down the tunnel to ... ext . colosseum - arena - day at last we see it . the mighty colosseum Arena . nothing we could have possibly imagine could have prepare we for the sight of the thousand and thousand of scream spectator , the row after row of cheer face . it be staggering . but for maximus none of this exist . his full attention be focus on one spot alone . the Imperial box . he can see commodus and lucilla sit in the box . the box be elevate fifteen foot above the arena floor at the top of a sheer black marble wall . a cohort of fifty impose praetorian Guard archer surround the box . commodus ' personal body Guard of six centurion actually stand in the box itself , eye constantly watch like modern secret service agent . commodus be untouchable . meanwhile , three team move from different entrance to the arena . as cassius orate to the crowd : cassius this day we reach back to hallow antiquity to bring you ... the fall of mighty carthage ...! ( the crowd cheer ) ... on the barren army of the barbarian hannibal ! ferocious mercenary and warrior of all brute nation bent on merciless conquest ! you Emperor be pleased to give you ... the barbarian horde ! he gesture to the gladiator in the arena . the crowd laugh , jeer the " barbarian . " the drummer begin pound out a more insistent , heroic beat . cassius but on that illustrious day the god send against they Rome 's great warrior ...! the very life-image of nobility and glorious valor ... who would on this day , and on this same arid numidian desert , decide the fate of the empire ... you Emperor be pleased to give you ... the legiononare of scipio africanus !! the crowd explode in cheer as the huge door at one end of the arena suddenly burst open and ten chariot thunder in -- each chariot have a driver and a archer , both dress in theatrical version of the familiar Roman lorica segmentata . a chaos of dust -- and the battle be on -- the chariot zoom around the arena -- the archer keep up a deadly hail of arrow . maximus immediately dive onto a pass chariot and kill the charioteer and archer -- he dramatically leap from the front of the chariot to a lead horse and cut it free . and maximus take control , we see the General of the Felix regiment gloriously alive again as he bark out order and lead he gladiator in battle . they follow he faithfully , he stern command unquestion . his strategy be quick and smart , he make the gladiator work together . this kind of slaughter could last for hour ... we see flash of the endless battle ... maximus race on he horse past another chariot , kill the driver , the chariot smashes into a wall ... the sun sink lower , the shadow on the sand lengthen ... area of the sand be swamp of blood , juba slip , pull himself up fight ... maximus use vibius to create a diversion , two chariot collide ... the crowd roar ... a gladiator be drag between a chariot and the side wall of the arena ... the drummer pound out they relentless tattoo ... finally ... maximus be on he horse across from the final chariot . we can see that juba and vibius and a few other gladiator be still alive . the rest of the arena be pollute with the dead and injure . maximus spur he horse and gallop toward the final chariot -- the charioteer whip he horse and zoom toward maximus -- the crowd be breathless -- watch the final battle -- maximus and the chariot speed toward each other -- like medieval jouster -- and collide in a flash explosion of steel -- maximus sail from he horse -- as the charioteer sail from he chariot -- maximus land hard but quickly pull himself up , he race to the final charioteer . the charioteer be defeat but not dead . maximus glance around , all he opponent be defeat . he stand over the final charioteer . then he simply toss down he sword . the crowd be stunne by this strange act of mercy . but then a enormous roar grow from the crowd -- wave after wave of adulation for the hero of the day . maximus look around , take it all in . then he turn to the Imperial box . maximus slowly walk to before the the Imperial box . the praetorian archer immediately raise they bow , point down at he . maximus glare up at commodus through he helmet mask . commodus return he gaze , curious . the crowd be intrigue , grow quiet . what be go on ? then maximus simply turn and begin walk away . commodus slave ! who be you ? the colosseum be suddenly silent . the Emperor be speak to a gladiator . maximus keep walk . commodus slave ! who be you ? maximus keep walk , he fist clench now . commodus suddenly grab a spear from a nearby praetorian and hurl it with perfect aim -- the crowd gasp -- the spear sail past maximus -- actually nick he shoulder -- it slice into the sand ahead of maximus . maximus stop . commodus slave ! who be you ?! maximus can hold it no longer . he spin to commodus -- rip off he helmet mask -- and thundering : maximus I am maximus merida , general of the felix regiment of the roman army and servant to the emperor marcus aurelius ! commodus eye shoot wide -- lucilla bolt up -- gracchus lean forward -- proximo be stunne -- the crowd be mystify -- maximus I am father to a murdered son and husband to a murdered wife and landlord to a murdered world -- and I will have vengeance ! the praetorian archer tense they bow -- ready to kill the defiant slave -- but something extraordinary stop they . almost as one be the crowd roar -- they leap to they foot and thrust they thumb up ! they cheer and stomp they approval of maximus . commodus look around at the people of Rome , amaze . he finally plaster on a benevolent smile and thrust he thumb up ! the praetorian lower they bow . and the crowd cheer . never in the long , long history of the colosseum have they ever see such a thing . maximus lead he gladiator out of the arena . int . palace - throne room - night to we great surprise , commodus be not raging . he sit quietly on the polished marble floor in front of a model of the colosseum . he move model piece around in the colosseum , plan he festival . lucilla stand , tense . commodus why be he still alive ? lucilla I do not know . commodus he should not be alive . that vex I . I be terribly vex ... lucilla watch she brother cautiously , expect the explosion . he carefully move some model piece in the arena . commodus there , that 's better . do you like the platform here ? lucilla mmm . commodus I do too . simple , elegant ... lucilla be grow more and more unnerve at commodus ' unusual serenity . commodus Father would have want something more ornate but he 's dead now . a beat . commodus laugh . a beat . commodus maximus meridas haunt I . I see Father turn away from I and gaze at he . how many time do I suffer that indignity , I wonder ? lucilla what be you go to do ? commodus I be go to kill he . lucilla good . commodus ( glance at she ) oh , you be too clever , sister . do not tell I part of you will not weep for he . lucilla when he defy my brother the Emperor , he defy I . but you should not send assassin . commodus no ? lucilla the people embrace he today . they will be expect he next match ... ( she kneel next to he ) ... let he die in the arena like the slave he be . let the people see what come of defy caesar . a beat as he look at she . commodus he wounded you deeply , do not he ? Long ago . she do not answer . commodus Nonetheless , you political acumen be , as always , unerr . he pick up a model tiger and put it in the arena . he look at the model tiger and smile . int . proximo's compound - cell - night maximus silently await commodus ' assassin with juba . they hear footstep outside the cell . maximus stand , prepare for death . juba ( also stand ) I will fight with you . maximus this be not you battle . juba better to die for a friend than to die for gold . the door swing open and they be surprised to see proximo sweeping in with a cloak woman . the woman give proximo a bag of money . proximo enjoy yourself , Madame ... ( he glance to maximus ) General , perform well and there will be rich for you . he beckon to juba , they go , shutting the door behind they . the woman pull off she cloak , it be lucilla . maximus glare at she , he muscle tensing . lucilla Rich matron pay well to be pleasure by the bravest champion . maximus back up , fight the urge to strangle she on the spot . he finally bump into a wall of the cell . maximus I know you brother would send assassin . I do not think he would send he best . lucilla maximus , listen to I -- maximus my family be crucify and burnt while they be still alive . lucilla I know nothing of that . maximus ( low ) do not lie to I . lucilla I wept for they . maximus do not . a long , tense moment . she do not look at he . lucilla do you know what it be to be the daughter of the Emperor ? I learn on the night my father have my husband kill . I love my husband very much . very ... simply . he be a man who believe in the Republic . he be a man who think Marcus should be tend to Rome and not conquer the world . one night my father have he strangle for conspire with the Senate . my father never speak of it . I never speak of it . that be what it be to be the daughter of Rome . she finally look up at maximus . lucilla my son will live . he will survive this curse bloodline . Rome will die and the jackal will pick she clean -- but my son will survive . empire come and go . city crumble to dust . only family matter . a beat . despite himself , maximus be move . maximus my son be innocent . lucilla so be mine . a beat . maximus I want you brother dead . lucilla so do i. a beat . maximus be surprised at she direct answer . lucilla my son will never be safe while he life . a beat . maximus how do you plan it ? lucilla the Senate be with we , and the City Guard . we have grow power in the street . but we need a leader . someone the people can -- maximus so the crown pass to you son . lucilla no . so that my son will be safe . so that we may leave this charnel house forever and never look back . look into my eye , maximus , and believe what I say to you ... she rivet he intensely with she eye . lucilla by all the god , and in the name of my father who love you , and in the name of the husband I love ... I swear to stand by you side in this now and always . a beat . maximus what be you son 's name ? lucilla lucius verus . like he father . maximus I weep for he . a long beat . maximus ' cold eye give away nothing . lucilla turn and start to go . she stop , not look back . lucilla commodus plan to kill you in you next match in the arena . he 's plan something . I will pray for you . as I have always do . she then pull something from she robe and set it down , a little bundle wrap in cloth . she sweep out . the sound of the door be bolt shut on the other side . maximus stand for a moment and then go to what she have leave . he open the cloth . Inside be he six " ancestor " figure . he pick up one of the figure . he look at it deeply , gently feel along the contour with a finger . ext . colosseum - arena - day the colosseum be again pack . commodus , lucilla and she son lucius be in the Imperial box . it be late in the day and team of slave be clean the arena after a bout . they haul off carcass and toss down fresh sand . meanwhile , cassius be orate to the crowd : cassius ... in he majestic charity the Emperor have deign to this day favor the people of Rome with a historical final match . returning to the colosseum today ... after five year in retirement ... caesar be pleased to bring you ... the only undefeated champion in roman history ... ( the crowd be go mad ) ... the legendary ... TIGER of gaul !! the crowd erupt in paroxysm of joy as TIGER explode into the arena in a ornate chariot . Tiger be a fierce man in he 40' , he brutal , scar face and hugely muscle body a testament to he many year in the arena . Tiger speed around the rim of the arena in he chariot , raise a arm in triumph . the crowd roar . int . colosseum - holding cell - day proximo stand with maximus , who be busy strapping on armor . proximo god ! that old homicide ! the Emperor must truly hate you . maximus what can you tell I ? proximo he cheat . int . colosseum - arena - day Tiger wait . he stand in the center of the arena . he have only a traditional short sword . the crowd be breathless with anticipation . as : cassius ( orate ) and from the rocky promontory and martial blodline of Spain ... represent the training lyceum of proximo antoninus ... I give you ... the warrior maximus ! the crowd cheer . maximus appear from he gate . his fan have increase in number considerably . they eagerly crane forward and celebrate he . meanwhile , maximus look at Tiger . only one man with a sword ? maximus approach , cautious but confident . he stop a few foot from Tiger . they lock eye , salute each other and then turn to the Imperial box , raise they sword . the crowd wait eagerly for the immortal word ... maximus and TIGER we who be about to die salute you . the crowd cheer and maximus immediately turn and start slashing -- Tiger easily block and strike back -- the sword play be very fast -- they block and parry and hack like lightning -- constantly attack -- they be perfectly match -- as he fight maximus become aware of a strange sound over the roar of the crowd -- a low rumbling -- then he feel something -- a vibration in the ground -- suddenly trap door swing open and four enormous platform rise into view . on each platform be a snarling Bengal tiger restrain by a chain . Tiger 's team of " cornerman " hold the chain through a pulley system . the cornerman be safely inside cage . the platform stop at ground level . the four ferocious tiger now mark the four corner of the battleground . Tiger take advantage of maximus ' momentary confusion and assault brutally -- force he back toward one of the tiger -- the tiger claw for maximus -- maximus just evade it claw -- roll for a new position -- another tiger snap at he -- Tiger attack -- maximus be on the defensive -- fight off Tiger and evade the four snarling beast -- and then all four tiger be suddenly closer . the team of cornerman be let the chain play out , bit by bit , gradually reduce the size of the battle ground . the crowd roar . but the fight be hardly fair . whenever Tiger be near one of the tiger the cornerman pull back the tiger slightly -- when maximus be near a tiger they let it out a bit . maximus and Tiger fight -- swirl action -- finally , maximus have the edge -- he circle so that the sun stab into Tiger 's eye -- then maximus lunge forward under Tiger 's swinging sword and slam into he -- they fall -- a tiger swat at maximus ' face -- he jerk he head back -- he shoot out a leg and kick Tiger 's sword toward one of the tiger -- it be out of reach -- maximus leap up and stand over the wind Tiger , sword to he throat . Tiger be gasp for breath , crush . then one of Tiger 's corner suddenly cheat -- they completely release a tiger -- it leap for maximus -- maximus barely have time to turn -- the tiger crash into he -- its claw slashing into he back , cut through he leather armor -- maximus shove a armored forearm into the tiger 's jaw and stab with he sword -- Tiger take this chance to pull himself up -- one of he corner throw he another sword -- the crowd boo -- maximus wrestle with the tiger -- spin it around with superhuman effort so it be always between himself and Tiger -- so that Tiger can not get at he -- maximus finally kill the tiger and leap for Tiger -- he quickly disarm he and toss he to the ground -- maximus stand over he -- ready to administer the coup de grace . all eye turn to the Emperor . commodus slowly stand and step to the edge of the Imperial box . he raise he arm and give the fatal thumb down . maximus look up at he . and then defiantly toss the sword to the ground , refuse to kill Tiger . commodus be stunne . the crowd gasp -- a collective intake of breath -- and then a enormous roar building . it cascade around the colosseum . it be a roaring celebration of the unexpected act of mercy . and the delicious act of defiance of the Emperor . commodus slowly sit . maximus walk across the arena -- the people stand and cheer for he . cries of " maximus the merciful " can be hear . it be the birth of a hero . int . colosseum - holding cell - day maximus be rest in he cell after the battle , head down , deep in think . lucius ' voice be it true you be a General ...? maximus look up , lucius be stand at he cell . maximus have no idea who the boy be -- just another young fan -- but maximus be immediately strike by lucius ' resemblance to he own son . maximus I be a General . lucius I see you fight . the carthage battle too . I have never see so much courage . maximus it do not take courage to kill . lucius my father be kill . a beat . maximus I be sorry . lucius he still come to I in my dream . do you have a father ? maximus I have a father . he be not really my father but I care for he very much . lucius I hope he come to you in you dream . my father and I ride horse in mine . this simple word strike something deep in maximus . lucilla appear from the shadow and put she hand on lucius ' shoulder . lucilla lucius , run along now . I need to talk to the General . lucius run off to he male attendant , who lead he away . a long beat as maximus and lucilla look at each other . finally : maximus where be my army ? a drum beat be hear . it increase throughout the follow scene , building momentum like a Roman gallery accelerate to ramming speed . the conspiracy scene be enclose in a montage of scene in and around the arena show maximus ' grow popularity with the people of Rome ... ext . colosseum - arena - day maximus be fight a opponent . the drum continue ... int . the senate - day lucilla conspire with Senators gracchus and gaius and Captain marcellus in a dark corner of the Senate . whisper . lucilla ... maximus will summon he army from ostia and he will strike from the inside as he army strike from the outside . but he insist that the Senate be present . gaius we have be order to attend . lucilla how many be with we ? gracchus about half . but once the tyrant be dead . all . a beat . gracchus I want to meet he . lucilla I will arrange it . gaius and what of the Emperor ? a beat . lucilla he have withdraw . he 's not eat . he do not go out . he will not even see I ... I do not know what tempest rage within he but ... gracchus we should fear for the blackest storm . lucilla yes . a beat . gaius one question ... who be to be the actual regicide ? a beat . she glance at he . the drum continue ... ext . colosseum - arena - day maximus defeat he opponent . he stand over he . he do not kill he . he toss he sword down and walk away . the crowd go crazy , roaring they approval of maximus . Senator falco , sit in the stand and watch with some alarm . he glance around as the crowd exalt maximus . he be become a hero to the people . the drum continue ... int . colosseum - holding cell - day maximus return to the hold cell . vibius and juba be wait . vibius you do not kill he . maximus I will not kill another warrior . there be no honor to it . maximus go . vibius think about it , listen to the adulation of the crowd . the drum continue ... int . / ext . slave wagon - roman street - day maximus and the other gladiator be in a slave cart on the way from the arena . a gang of child run alongside the cart , cheer and chant : kide maximus the merciful ! maximus the merciful ! the drum continue ... int . proximo's compound - cell - night maximus and juba be with lucilla and gracchus . lucilla be write on a piece of parchment . maximus tell he we will enter Rome on the first day of commodus ' festival . lucilla and they will march on Rome for you ? maximus yes . but this letter must go to the lieutenant name titus , no one else . lucilla Captain marcellus will take it . and he City Guard will by with you when you get to Rome . be that enough to face the praetorian Guard ? maximus ( look to she ) the Felix regiment will never be defeat . a beat . gracchus I only have one question for you , General ... why ? a beat . gracchus you will lead a army of you brother on Rome . many will die . why ? maximus I want commodus dead . gracchus that 's not the reason . tell I the truth . a beat . maximus because one night a old man whisper to I about a dream . I will die for that dream . a long beat . gracchus I know the old man well . and I love he very much . in we youth we would spend hour building that dream together . after he go to the war and lose he way ... I be very cruel . I torment he to remember that dream we speak of . maximus he do . gracchus you can have no idea how much that mean to I . a beat . gracchus any man who will die for a whisper dream deserve my respect . I ho nor you , General . the drum continue ... ext . colosseum - arena - day vibius defeat a opponent -- he stand over he . he look around at the crowd . then he toss down he sword and walk off . the crowd go mad with pleasure . vibius eat it up , raise he arm and soaking up the applause . maximus watch from the hold cell . he smile . the drum continue ... ext . STREET - night proximo supervise as a huge banner be unfurl . it cover the side of a tall building . it show a dramatic painting of maximus . proximo supervise happily as torch and brazier be light to illuminate the mammoth banner . the drum continue ... ext . colosseum - arena - day the end of a group fight -- proximo 's gladiator triumphant . the crowd wait for the delicious act of defiance . we note many placard and banner honore " maximus the merciful . " maximus , vibius , juba and a few other gladiator toss down they weapon and walk off , leave they opponent alive . the crowd roar . they have completely embrace maximus and he fellow gladiator . gracchus , in the stand , laugh . the drum finally conclude . int . palace - lucilla's chamber - day lucilla be with she handmaiden . they sit before a large mirror , the handmaiden perfect lucilla 's makeup for the day . one of commodus ' centurion body Guards enter , bow . centurion Madame , the Emperor would like to see you . lucilla quickly glance to she handmaiden in the mirror and then brace herself , stand , and quickly leave with the centurion . int . palace - hallway - day lucilla stride quickly , nervously , down the long corridor to commodus ' chamber . she enter ... int . palace - commodus ' bedroom - day commodus be wrap in a sheet , gaze out a window . lucilla caesar ... he turn . she stop . he look as if he have not sleep for day . if a word could now sum up he cloud face it be this : torment . she go to he , embrace he . he hold she tightly . commodus I be sorry to have keep you away ... I need this time to think ... lucilla of course ... he move away from she , slowly move around the room . commodus I limited my world to this four wall so as to let my mind free ... again and again my mind settles on but one question ... what kind of world be we make when the people of Rome prefer a slave in the arena to they father ? a beat . commodus ' strange philosophical bent be unnerve lucilla . commodus it be my responsibility to make the world as it should be . how be it I have make this world ? lucilla brother , do not be influence by the mob . they be a great , faceless beast -- commodus they be not " the mob , " lucilla , they be the people . they be my child and all I want to do be love they . a beat . he stand before a bust of Marcus aurelius . he touch it . commodus we father love maximus ... and I love he still ... yet he defy I , he task I in front of my child . and they love he for it . just as Marcus love he for it . tell I why , lucilla . lucilla they see themselves in he . they throw in they own sad dream alongside he . they think he fight for they . commodus and what do I do but fight for they ?! I give they game to please they . I strangle dissent to give they peace . I empower the praetorian to give they order . what more can I do ?! a beat . commodus say I should fight he , in the arena . let my child see who the god truly favor . lucilla and what if he should win ? a beat . commodus continue to slowly move around the room . commodus a God be more powerful than a man ... this odd statement hang in the air for a moment . then : lucilla caesar , you let this unduly worry you . at best he be a pass fancy -- he be a name , a image on a banner , ephemeral -- he will be forget as the next fancy appear -- commodus but I need to know -- why do they love he ? lucilla mercy . he stop . look at she . lucilla he will not kill in the arena . he be merciful . as they all wish they be in they own heart . something in she word have strike a chord in he . commodus and for that moment in the arena they be merciful too . for a moment ... they be god . offer life . he look at she . commodus but who can be more merciful than the Emperor of Rome ? ext . colosseum - arena - day maximus be fight a thick giant of a man . a few quick blow and the giant fall -- like a mighty tree he crash to the sand . the arena cheer they hero . maximus stand over the beat giant . the crowd wait for the famous act . maximus salute the giant and toss down he sword , refuse to kill . he walk away . the arena explode in cheer -- a chant of " maximus the merciful " grow to deafen proportion . suddenly the arena be fill with praetorian -- they block maximus ' exit from the arena -- the crowd boo -- horrify -- the praetorian surround maximus . he be unarm , but coil for the inevitable battle . then the praetorian part ... and commodus walk through they . he carry something wrap in a rich cloth . maximus glare at he . the praetorian move back and the crowd watch eagerly . the Emperor and the gladiator , at last . maximus and commodus stare at each other . the crowd can not hear what be say , but strain to observe this incredible confrontation . commodus brother ... we have take a sad path since we be child at capri , have we not ? maximus do not answer . commodus for my own part ... I be sorry it come to this . and to you alone of all man , I acknowledge my error . and my regret . I shall live with my sin for all my day . maximus as will I , commodus . as will I . commodus unwrap the cloth bundle . Inside be a small wooden sword . he hold it up so the crowd can see . a collective gasp . the wooden sword , prize by all gladiator above all else . freedom . commodus as the first act of my contrition I offer you the wooden sword of freedom . he hold out the wooden sword . a beat . commodus take it , brother . stand at my side as a free man worthy of you ancestor . maximus I only have ancestor because of you , brother . you kill everything that ever live alongside I . a beat . commodus take it , maximus . let we heal that fatal wound together . maximus this be the new home you curse I to . and I be safer here from you treachery than I could ever be outside . commodus will you always mistrust I ? maximus why do not you ask you father that ? commodus visibly flinch at that , but still hold the wooden sword out . the crowd be breathless . maximus I have more power as a slave in the arena than I could ever have as a free man . as the colosseum go , the people go . as the people go , the Empire go . commodus ( tense ) you think this be power ? I could show you power , slave -- maximus no , caesar ... I will show you . with that , maximus do the unimaginable . he simply turn he back on the Emperor and walk away . and the crowd go mad . they cheer the defiant gladiator , they champion . and , equally , they deride the Emperor . they mock he by hold out food and trash like commodus be hold out the wooden sword . they laugh and jeer . commodus glance around at he child , lose . then he turn to the Imperial box . he see lucilla slip out the back of the box . he watch she go . and the crowd continue to jeer . ext . STREET theater - night the crowd laugh riotously as Roman actor perform a typically ribald comedy in a secluded street : a outrageously dress version of maximus be parade around on a outrageously dress version of commodus , riding he like a donkey and slapping he rear with a wooden sword . the " commodus " actor mews and bray and wail like a infant . Captain marcellus of the City Guard gallop past they , on he way out of Rome . ext . proximo's compound - courtyard - day maximus stand with juba and vibius . he draw a circle in the sand with a stick . he draw a line to the circle . maximus the Felix regiment will come from here . we will face the body of the praetorian outside -- here . once inside , my archer will take up position to counter opposition inside the colosseum . I will enter and join you -- we will attack here -- maximus draw a line to the Imperial box . maximus -- a covert assault from within . vibius we will be kill . maximus probably . a beat . maximus but if we be not ... think of the glory . do you remember glory , gladiator ? juba and if we die that day -- we die free man worthy of we ancestor . vibius you do not know my ancestor . a rotten bunch . maximus point to the huge statue of Mars . maximus then be worthy of he . the old titan who would rather die bravely in a just battle than slink off to grow old and fat . juba and impotent . a beat . vibius think about it . vibius if I die , I want a hundred whore at my funeral . int . palace - lucilla's chamber - evening commodus sweep in . thinks lucilla be stand there . the woman turn , it be lucilla 's handmaiden . commodus where be my sister ? handmaiden she 's out , sir ... commodus where ? handmaiden I ... do not know , caesar . commodus look at she for a moment . and then he slowly walk right to she . his face a inch away from hers . commodus where be my sister ? int . proximo's compound - proximo's chamber - night proximo sit , consider maximus . maximus be it centurion ...? General ...? proximo Captain . a beat . proximo how do you know ? maximus a soldier know a soldier . a beat . proximo all that be a long time ago . too much wine and too many woman . and too much money . maximus no -- proximo this be who I be ... ( he pat he ample belly ) you see ? there be a time I would stand against ten man and never give a inch , spitting into the jaw of hade all the while . there be a time my heart swell to strap on the armor of Rome . but now ... something flash across proximo 's eye , something like tragedy . proximo now I be just a entertainer . a pause . maximus you say something to I once . you say in this life , we all die . all we can choose be how we die . and how we be remember . do you recall that word ? proximo yes . maximus then be remember proudly . this be you time , proximo . stand at my side and be what you be . what you truly be . one last time . a beat . proximo suddenly begin to weep rather histrionically -- maximus be a bit take aback -- proximo dramatically flick tear from he eye -- and then can not keep the show up -- he burst into laughter . maximus stare at he . proximo ( laugh ) you might have spare yourself the speech , General . the lady lucilla buy all my gladiator two hour ago ! maximus you pox-ridden bastard -- ! proximo I be the richest trainer in the Empire ! and I will let my gladiator do anything you like ! conspire away , General ! maximus can only laugh as well . proximo but I tell you -- if you survive this madness I want you to go into business with I . I will give you a quarter of my holding . maximus ( stand ) a quarter ?! proximo a third . and not a hair more . and you will have to start in the province ! Cleaning up the lion shit ! maximus you know , if you be half so awful as you pretend , you would be a terrifying man . maximus shake he head , smile , and go . proximo sit for a moment . then he rise and go to a heavy chest . he look at the chest for a moment and then open it . Inside be he old lorica segmentata . he gaze at he armor , consider what he once be . and what he now be . int . proximo's compound - cell - night maximus enter . lucilla be wait , extremely tense . maximus lucilla -- lucilla do not even say it . I know it 's dangerous -- but I have to see you . Captain marcellus have go to the army with you message as you instruct . maximus good . lucilla he say the City Guard will be ready at the south road at noon . they can only wait for a hour so -- maximus you have tell I this already . lucilla do I ? all right then . so everything be prepare . the Senate will be in attendance and you have you gladiator -- the usual cohort of praetorian will be inside the arena -- maximus lucilla ... why be you here ? a pause . lucilla tell I honestly ... please ... do you think it will work ? a beat . maximus no. lucilla do you think we will all die ? maximus yes . she lean against a wall . a pause . lucilla will you swear something to I ? maximus yes . lucilla will you swear it on the memory of you son ? a long beat . maximus yes . lucilla by all that you have ever love ... swear that if you survive you will take my son out of Rome . swear that you will go far away and never return . he step to she . maximus ( deeply ) I will . a beat . maximus and if I should not survive ... swear to I that you will honor my family in you prayer always . lucilla I will . a long , difficult beat . she fight back tear . lucilla have I not be the daughter of Rome ... he put a gentle finger to she lip . maximus shhh ... my heart break enough . he hold she closely , tenderly . int . palace - lucilla's chamber - night lucilla enter , deep in think , still drain from she meeting with maximus . she suddenly stop . frozen . commodus be sit across the chamber , lucius at he knee . a open scroll on commodus ' lap . commodus sister ... join we . I have be read to dear lucius . lucius I have be read too . commodus yes , he 's a very smart little boy . he will make a grand Emperor one day . lucilla have not move . commodus join we , sister . lucilla go to they , sit . commodus we have be read about the great julius and he adventure in Egypt . lucius she kill herself with a snake ! commodus ( to lucius ) and just wait until you hear what happen to some of we other ancestor ! if you be very good , tomorrow night I will tell you the story of Emperor claudius . he be betrayed ! by that close to he ... ( he glance up to lucilla ) ... by he own blood ... they whisper in dark corner and go out late at night and conspire and conspire ... lucilla look as if she be go to be ill . lucius be busy scan the scroll . commodus gently stroke he hair , he cold eye never leave lucilla 's . commodus but the Emperor claudius know that they be up to something dire . he know they be busy little bee . and one night he sit down with one of they and he look at she and he say : " tell I what you have be do , busy little bee , or I shall strike down that dearest to you . you shall watch as I bathe in they blood . " and the bee know he speak the truth , for the Emperor always speak the truth . and what do you think happen then , lucius ? lucius ( still pour over the scroll ) I do not know , uncle . commodus ( glaring at lucilla ) the bee tell he everything . lucilla 's face be torture . int . proximo's compound - proximo's chamber - night proximo be asleep -- a sound outside wake he -- the steady clip-clop of horse on stone . a lot of horse . he rise and go to a window overlook the street outside . a stern praetorian Guard cavalry unit be canter into position at he gate . proximo grab he clothes -- ext . proximo's compound - night with cool military precision the praetorian take up position at the gate before proximo 's compound , a unassailable line . they quickly prepare they bow . meanwhile , another praetorian unit have take up position at the other end of proximo 's compound -- sealing that entrance as well . ext . proximo's compound - courtyard - night proximo be hurry across he open courtyard when the first flame arrow arch into the compound -- it be follow by hundred more -- the praetorian on either end of he compound keep up a ceaseless hail of flame arrow -- everything begin to burn -- the cage gladiator be stir now -- shouting -- proximo race to he panicked guard -- proximo release they ! release they all ! arm they ! the guard sprint to the cell -- unlock the gladiator as quickly as they can -- not quick enough for many -- praetorian be now pour pitch through the gutter that run along the bottom of the cell -- ignite it and incinerate all that trap inside -- the compound be soon a raging inferno -- proximo release maximus and juba -- proximo come -- maximus but -- proximo if you want to live -- follow I -- vibius ( call to they ) go , Spaniard ! we will show this Roman dog how gladiator fight ! proximo haul maximus and juba off as vibius and the other gladiator arm themselves -- int . tunnel - night proximo be lead maximus and juba quickly through a decaye cramped tunnel . proximo all the old gladiator school have tunnel to the colosseum -- most have long since collapse -- juba how do they know ? maximus we be betrayed . juba ( stop ) I will stay here . in case they follow . maximus stop as well . juba go! bring we the army ! maximus nod . proximo quickly -- he lead maximus down the disintegrate catacomb of tunnel -- ext . proximo's compound - night vibius hope to die fight -- he never get the chance . it be not a battle , it be a slaughter . the praetorian ruthlessly shoot anyone even approach the gate -- all the wall be cover -- most of the gladiator die in the hellish inferno -- the relentless rain of flame arrow continue -- vibius cough in the thick smoke and rage for someone to fight -- praetorian sniper cut he down -- he die reach for the statue of Mars . int . colosseum - subterranean - night proximo and maximus emerge deep in the bowel of the colosseum . proximo ( point ) down that corridor be the butchery -- the blood slough lead to the tiber . god watch over you . maximus you be not come ? proximo they be kill my man ! he race back into the tunnel . maximus move quickly down the corridor . he can finally see ... int . colosseum - butchery - night grisly carcass of every description hang from hook . two bored butcher hack they up . the good bit be toss into a wagon to feed to the colosseum animal . the waste and offal be shovele into a large sewer open . a butcher occasionally lift a sluice - gate and a gush of water flow into the sewer from above , wash down the blood and carcass . maximus crouch and creep through the nightmare of hang carcass and fly . when the butcher be look elsewhere , maximus creep to the sewer open and climb in -- he immediately slide down for a few yard in the slant , slippery blood sluice -- out of sight -- then he thud to a stop . he can go no further because the remain of a animal carcass block he way . he try to slither past the carcass -- finally , one of the butcher above lift the sluice - gate and a torrent of water flow down . maximus be wash down the hideous sewer . int . tunnel - night proximo and juba be quickly march back down the tunnel toward the compound -- they be very close now -- the roar of flame be hear -- the creak of fall timber -- and the scream of burn man . they run . they round a corner and see there be no way past the world of flame ahead of they . the tunnel to the compound have collapse . proximo god ... they be kill they all . proximo lead they up a cramped stairway to ... ext . STREET outside proximo's compound - night they emerge through a sewer entrance -- right into the arm of the praetorian Guard . proximo and juba be bound . proximo see he compound burn . see the praetorian archer take out any last survivor . hear the scream . int . / ext . various location - arrest montage - night a quick sequence of brutal arrest as praetorian Guard unit round up many associate with the plot . and many that be not . gaius ' bedroom : gaius and he wife be yank awake and haul out . christian home : a congregation of Christians be chain together , they secret altar smashed . cafe : Greek Scholars be haul away from they scroll . STREET theater : actor be drag off in the midst of a performance . gracchus ' steam room : gracchus be enjoy grape with he handsome catamite . a unit of praetorian burst in . gracchus look at they . sigh . int . palace - throne room - night commodus stand with lucius on a balcony overlook the city . the roaring flame of the fire at proximo 's compound can easily be see . lucius what be that fire ? commodus why that 's a bonfire , lucius . I arrange it just for you . he put he hand on the boy 's shoulder . behind they , lucilla sit slump in a chair . her face be a mask of anguish at what she have be force to do . two praetorian enter with a bucket . praetorian caesar ... commodus go to they . he talk quietly with they for a moment and glance at what they be carry . commodus oh ... that 's for my sister . they bring the bucket to lucilla and set it before she . commodus ignore she and go back to lucius on the balcony . lucilla glance inside the bucket ... Captain marcellus ' head be float in brine . lucilla moan . all be lose . ext . tiber river - night maximus splashes to the surface of the filthy tiber , gasp for air . Animal carcass float up next to he . he grab onto one and float down the gently flow river . ext . italian front - camp - dawn the Wolf of Rome sleep . then its ear rise . then its head . it sniff the air . the wolf slowly rise and begin lope through the camp . it pass slumbering soldier and tent , smoke lazily drift up from campfire . the wolf finally stop and look up . maximus be on a horse . he climb down . the wolf go to he and lick he hand . maximus begin march through the camp , the wolf at he side . Soldiers stir , amaze to see they General be alive . gallus leap up , stunne , and go to maximus . they continue to march through the camp , more and more astonished soldier join they . they march toward the large tent at the center of the encampment . titus emerge from he tent . slam to a stop -- titus by all the god ... he go to maximus and embrace he . maximus Old friend ... titus you be return from hade ! by all the god ! maximus where be he ? just then quintus emerge from the large tent . he stare at maximus , unbely . a long beat as they look at each other . quintus know he destiny . with quiet dignity he begin whisper a prayer . maximus move to he , embrace he : maximus I forgive you . he stab quintus with a dagger as he embrace he . quintus fall . a beat . titus go to the dead quintus and pull the seal of office from he uniform . he hand it to maximus . a enormous roar of celebration from the Felix regiment . int . palace - commodus ' bedroom - morning a castrati choir sing a gentle hymn of celebration . they eerie voice and otherworldly harmony undulate around commodus ' bedroom . the Emperor himself be in a chair , wrap in a robe . his body slave work over he closely . he be stare into a mirror , lose in another world as the slave carefully apply golden eye makeup to he . the castrati hymn continue ... ext . outside the colosseum - day the hymn be all we hear as we see crowd move into the colosseum ... it seem that all of Rome be here for this great day . huge throng of citizen move like a massive wave toward the colosseum entrance . vendor be do brisk business . praetorian unit in full dress uniform canter past . we elegantly float up along the outer tier of the colosseum and then glide over the edge to see the arena stand ... ext . colosseum - day the hymn be all we hear as we see ... the stand be fill . we see the rich and poor alike . we see the orator cassius . we see Senator falco and most of the Senate . we see the cohort of fifty praetorian take up position around the Imperial box . a golden platform , with stair down to the arena sand , now extend about twenty foot from the Imperial box to a spot over the arena . we float down the stair and then we see the arena itself ... it be stun in its simplicity . the day victim be tie to post in the center of the arena . suspend above they be a enormous cloud . a thick , tumescent bladder paint to look like a threaten rain cloud . we see proximo and juba . we see Senators gracchus and gaius . we see gaius ' wife and gracchus catamite and Christian family and scholar and actor . Seven stylize hill surround they . the hymn come to its soar conclusion as we see the damned . time CUT : later . by now , the colosseum be pack . all fifty - five thousand seat be take . another ten thousand stand wherever they can . a feral anticipation buzze through the crowd . outside the colosseum , the street be crowded with thousand more who could not get in . trumpets blare . commodus ' six centurion body Guards stride into the Imperial box . then commodus enter . he be shroud in a full lion 's skin , the head of the lion conceal he own . his head be down , he do not look up . lucilla and lucius enter after he and sit . lucilla 's face be drain , she eye defeat . lucius be wear a miniature set of lorica segmentata , complete with ceremonial dagger . ext . roman STREET - day a mangy dog be slowly crossing a dusty street on the outskirt of Rome . the street be desert . it seem that almost everyone be at the colosseum . the dog stop . look up . then a sound be hear . the steady cadence of horse ' hoof . the Felix regiment round a corner . maximus lead the cavalry . he wear lorica segmentata . his corps of archer and soldier follow . they troop down the dusty street . maximus and the cavalry canter past the mystify dog . quick cut : the Felix regiment move through the street . the few pedestrian quickly disappear into shop and around corner . the roar of the colosseum can be hear far in the distance ... arrow slice into isolate praetorian sentries . the Felix regiment continue its stealth invasion ... finally , maximus rein he horse and he troops stop . the mount City Guard be wait . without a word , the City Guard join maximus and the two combine force continue they inexorable march to the colosseum . ext . colosseum - day commodus , still swathed in the lion skin , he head down , slowly walk out on the platform that now extend from the Imperial box . the crowd grow hushed . commodus reach the end of the platform and wait for a moment . then he dramatically fling off the lion skin . the crowd gasp . he be almost naked , he entire chisele body be paint in gold . his eye be lose in a eerie reverie as he look around at he people . he finally speak : commodus ( serene ) Rome ... this be the day that be foretold . this be the day when you father take away all fear ... ( he hold up he hand ) with this hand I shall destroy you enemy so that you may sleep always and forever in peace . from this day forth let it be know that I , lucius Aelius aurelius commodus , have surmounted mortality . that I , lucius Aelius aurelius commodus , assume my destine place ... at the side of the god . the crowd be stunne . a few scattered laugh . lucilla stare at he , disbely . commodus and as a righteous God , I shall ever protect you . I shall cradle the world on my benevolent hand and clasp it to my heart . so I have speak ! and let the heaven tremble at my might ! ext . roman street - day maximus continue to lead the combine Felix regiment and City Guard cavalry through the street . the roaring be closer now . they be near the colosseum , they can just glimpse the edge of the top tier over some building . ext . colosseum - day commodus continue : commodus this day I reclaim Rome for she people . I shall give you the rebirth of you Empire ! reborn and cleanse of she enemy ! he raise he arm . at he cue the praetorian archer raise they bow , ready , aim at the victim . commodus I will make a new Rome ! found as it be at the beginning ! archer -- give US blood ! the praetorian suddenly point they bow higher and fire -- they shoot the cloud -- the bladder explode and thick blood rain down on the victim -- the blood splashes over they , coating they . ext . outside colosseum - day the roar from the colosseum be now deafen as maximus and the City Guard round the final corner -- the colosseum be before they -- the massive praetorian Guard force be catch of guard -- with crisp military efficiency the Felix regiment and the City Guard quickly canter into place , a unbroken line of seasoned warrior face the praetorian . the huge mob outside the colosseum be confuse , intrigue , watch the face -off . the mount archer of the Felix regiment have draw they bow . maximus look down from he horse at a praetorian Officer . maximus throw down you weapon or we will kill you . a beat . the praetorian Officer glance at the formidable force against he . he drop he sword . his man follow suit . maximus ( he turn to he man ) felix regiment ! do honor to you ancestor ! I salute you ! he spur he horse and the Felix regiment roar , spring into action -- they gallop through the crowd and to the colosseum -- meanwhile the City Guard disarm and guard the praetorian -- ext . colosseum - day commodus continue : commodus as it be at the beginning so be it now . the great she - Wolf of Rome will again suckle we , again ravage we enemy -- and bring US a world reborn ! at he cue , two elevator platform rumble into view , rise from the bowel of the colosseum to the arena sand . on each platform be a cage full of ferocious wolf , they snap and growl , strain to be release . commodus so it be for romulus and remus , son of Mars , so shall it be for we ! the great she - Wolf will -- suddenly -- the huge wooden door of the arena burst open and maximus lead the Felix regiment cavalry thunder into the arena . the crowd be stunne -- commodus be stunne -- lucilla bolt up -- commodus immediately spin to lucilla , he eye burn -- his praetorian be momentarily confuse -- at gallus ' command the Felix regiment archer let fly -- multiple arrow and bolt cut through most of the praetorian -- some confusing skirmish as the remain praetorian fire back -- maximus leap from he horse and begin cut the prisoner free -- meanwhile , commodus stride back down the platform toward lucilla in the Imperial box , murder in he eye -- she suddenly hug lucius quickly and kiss he -- lucilla remember you mother . she pull the ceremonial dagger from he little uniform and push he to he attendant -- he attendant pull he away as -- lucilla spin to commodus -- he grab she into a embrace -- he turn the knife on she -- thrust deeply as he kiss she -- a long kiss as he hold she tightly to he . then he gently sit she down on she throne . her eye wide , die . one of commodus ' body Guards grab he : centurion body guard caesar -- we must go -- ! commodus ' six centurion body Guards begin hustling he out of the Imperial box -- commodus get the boy ! he grab lucius from he attendant and drag he off -- they try to escape out the back of the Imperial box -- but Felix regiment troops be block they way -- racing up toward they -- centurion body guard this way , caesar ! below , through the confusion , maximus see commodus escape with lucius down through a side tunnel . maximus cut juba and proximo free . juba immediately snatch up a sword . maximus quickly offer a sword to proximo . maximus Captain ? proximo take the sword . maximus ( be : commodus and the other ) where be they go ?! proximo this way ! they race across the arena and into a tunnel ... int . colosseum - bowel - day proximo lead they through a series of catacomb -- damp tunnel shoot off in every direction -- everywhere around they the heavy machinery of the game rise like mammoth creature to the arena above -- a baroque network of rope and pulley and counterweight and elevator platform and air shaft and blood sewer -- and they suddenly run directly into commodus , drag lucius , and he six centurion come the other direction . the final battle begin with no preamble -- maximus launch himself forward -- instantly separate commodus and lucius -- he slam at commodus with he sword -- commodus slam back -- proximo and juba race into the six centurion -- a wild free-for-all as they prove they worth as warrior -- juba fight with he usual elegant precision -- proximo fight as a man reborn , alive again -- proximo take cagey advantage of he knowledge of this subterranean world -- spin around machinery and leaping over blood sewer and swinging heavy counterweight -- maximus and commodus hack at each other with all the fiery passion in they -- commodus be a perfect match for maximus and equally ruthless -- they sword thrust and parry and slice at amazing speed -- one false move , one mistake , mean death -- meanwhile , the battle be turn into a victory for juba and proximo -- they be defeat the centurion -- commodus see this -- and see lucius cry in a corner -- he scream to one of he remain centurion : commodus kill the boy ! maximus whirl to lucius -- commodus attack -- slashing maximus ' shoulder -- maximus see proximo racing to try and save lucius as he spin back to battle commodus -- a centurion raise he sword to kill lucius -- juba kill he final opponent , turn -- proximo just manage to push lucius out of the way -- the centurion 's sword slice into he -- juba fling he sword across the room -- the final centurion fall -- maximus see proximo collapse to a wall -- die -- proximo lock eye with maximus as he slide down the wall . the old pirate shrug . and be dead . juba race to lucius and hold the boy , turn he face away from the slaughter -- maximus , he furious passion redouble at proximo 's death , attack commodus with every ounce of strength in he -- commodus ' eye begin to flash with something we have never see before , fear . maximus strike mercilessly -- force commodus steadily back until they be fight atop one of the elevator platform to the arena above . maximus for my wife ! maximus strike hard -- commodus barely block the blow -- maximus for my son ! he strike harder -- commodus be lose -- maximus for my father ! he strike with everything he 's get -- slashing commodus -- commodus sail back -- he sword fall -- maximus stand over he . glaring . commodus be panting , defeat , glaring up at he . a beat . maximus we who be about to die salute you . maximus raise he sword high -- commodus raise a arm -- maximus smashes the sword down -- and commodus be dead . a moment as maximus stand over commodus . then he look at the series of counterweight rope around the elevator platform . he slice through one of the rope and the platform begin to rise ... ext . colosseum - arena - day a trap door spring open and the elevator platform rise to the sand of the arena . maximus stand above the dead Emperor . the crowd stare in amazement -- and then begin to cheer in joy at the return of they hero . a chant begin ... " maximus the merciful ... maximus the merciful ... maximus the merciful ... " which then grow to a refrain of " caesar ... caesar ... caesar ... " maximus ignore they , he eye draw to one sight : lucilla . he go to the step of the platform lead to the Imperial box . he slowly climb the step . in the Imperial box , Senator gracchus be stand . so too juba and other . lucius be kneel by he mother , hold she hand , he head down . lucilla be dead . lucius mourn with quiet dignity . maximus look at lucilla and kneel . he take she other hand . a long moment . he look at lucius . then he slowly bend forward and kiss lucilla deeply , the ritual farewell . he stand . Senator gracchus step to he : gracchus General , the purple be yours if you so desire . the Senate will support you . maximus look at he . and then at the people . the chant of " caesar ... caesar ... caesar ... " be like a powerful beat heart . maximus move to the edge of the Imperial box to address the people . the crowd grow silent . maximus look around at the blood of the arena . maximus Rome ... you be better than this . look inside yourselves . I challenge you to find you true voice . help the Senate speak for you . make they you champion ... and dare to think what could be . a beat . maximus I give you back the dream . with that he slowly turn and walk down the step to the arena sand . the crowd be absolutely silent . he go to titus : maximus when everything have calm down , lead a orderly withdrawal . take they home . titus salute . maximus return the salute and then leap onto he horse . as he canter toward the exit he turn for one final look at lucilla . he see that lucius be now at the foot of the stair , on the arena sand , gaze at he . maximus stop he horse . he canter back to lucius . the boy look up at he . a moment between they . lucius thrust up he hand . maximus grab he hand and swing he onto the horse behind he . a look to juba . juba bow he head with respect . farewell . maximus spin the horse around and begin canter out of the colosseum . juba disappear into the crowd . maximus and lucius canter across the arena and through the huge door ... ext . colosseum - day from high above we see maximus and lucius riding out of the colosseum and disappear into the street of Rome . fade to : ext . vineyard - dawn maximus stand with lucius at he old vineyard . it be still scorched and dead , weed overgrow the vineyard , the house ruin . maximus put a hand on the boy 's shoulder , this boy so like he own son . maximus it do not look it now ... but soon we will have it grow again ... next year there will be vine , and then there will be grape ... it will be alive . we leave they , dream of the future . fade out . the end