glory road a original screenplay base on a true Story by Christopher Cleveland April 17 , 2004 property of : Jerry bruckheimer film 1631 10 " Street Santa monica , CA 90404 what happen to a dream defer ? do it dry up like a raisin in the sun ? or fester like a sore - and then '' run ? do it stink like rotten meat ? or crust and sugar over - like a syrupy sweet ? maybe 's it just sag like a heavy load . or do it explode ? langston Hughes ext . oklahoma - series of image - 1950 be - day little jimmy dicken 's play " country Boy " . we see farmer and oil well , railroad track in a dusty landscape . int . bedroom ~ somewhere in enid , oklahoma - day don haskins , a tall , Oklahoma boy , 18 , dress into a bad rental tuxedo for the prom , admire the velveteen lapel . ext . " enid feed and grain store " - same time a '' white only " drink fountain . a sign read : " you breed it , we will feed it ! " . herman carr , 18 , handsome , black , unload grain bag as convertible barrel past with laugh , white high school prom kide . he watch with yearn . the store 's owner come out . carr quickly turn back to he work . int . enid high school gym and auditorium - that same night teens dance to country music . a line at the girl room . mary gorman , 17 and pretty , come out and go to the punch bowl look for someone . we hear a bouncing basketball . she move to a curtain divide the auditorium and peek behind it . on the other side : Don haskins obsessively drill free throw into a hoop . she roll she eye and smile . mary Don haskins ! come on . dance with I . later on the dance floor ... haskins and Mary dance together . haskins ( heavy Oklahoma drawl ) I be sure havin 's a good time , Mary . mary I , too , Don . haskins do I tell you I get accept to a&m ? mary just about ten time tonight . haskins guess I be just excited . mary oh , it all be nice for you . goin 's off to college . much as you love to play basketball . sometimes I think there 's nothing you love more ... haskins no , Mary , I - - I love you ... too ... fact be , there 's something 's I be wantin’ to ask a long time now -- and I do not always say thing right -- but Mary , you be my girl . I want to spend my life with you -- will you marry I ? mary ( a slow beam smile ) guess I will take second place -- for now . he pick she up and twirl she in the air on the dance floor . ext . enid feed and grain - loading area — next day haskins and carr play basketball behind the store . carr brother , you fall hard . but -- Mary 's a nice girl . she will make you a good wife . haskins yeah . yeah . come on . last point . carr lift off with breathtaking agility . the ball float through the net . haskins groan . carr grin back . carr you hate to lose , man . haskins I do not hate to lose , I just like to win . my daddy always drumm it into I . ' you play to win’ . carr ( look at basket ; thoughtful ) you ever get that feel when you be play ?-- that feel like you be move like Sam cooke sing . sound funny , but when I play -- I feel like that . haskins Sam cooke ? be he from enid ? carr brother , you one okie . haskins well , make fun , but I be not never feel like that . but I reckon 's I do not play like you neither . ( more ) haskins ( cont would ) I sure will be glad when I can play with you not against you skinny butt . do you get you letter yet from a&m ? carr . we be not gonna be playin’ together . haskins what do you mean ? carr I get my letter . they do not play black folk . told I to stay home and work my job . haskins they can not do that ! you be the best player in the state ! carr guess that do not matter . haskins well -- if you be not goin’ neither be I ! carr stop talkin’ like a fool , man ! playin 's basketball 's you life . you better be goin 's ! at least -- at least one of we --... haskins ( pain for he ) what be you gonna do now , herman ? carr I 'il be alright . you know . that 's just how it go . be not my time . haskins but it just be not right . wish there be somethin’ I could do . carr play for I , Don . you make it big , alright ? you go all the way , Don . Don nod . carr pull he in , emotional . they embrace . haskins I better go now . carr nod , tight . Don turn to he car . he get in and start the engine . carr come out as Don pull away . Don look in the mirror and see carr on the sidewalk , broom in hand , next to the " whites only " drink fountain . int . oklahoma a&m - sport arena - two year later Mary be in the stand , cradling a newborn . she watch haskins sink a shot . the crowd go wild . the opposition lose the ball and haskins go after it fiercely , colliding with a TEXAS player . the crowd rise as haskins fall back , hit on he elbow . Mary gasp . Don lie writhe , clasp he arm . int . buick - moving - TEXAS highway - day Don drive to buck owen and rose maddox be " mental cruelty " . Mary hold a new baby in she arm . they first son bounce in the back as they pass a sign : " benjamin , TEXAS . pop 250 . " haskins it will be great , honey ! I will coach . we will have a house with a yard for the kid ! they will even let I drive the bus to make end meet ! honey , it will be paradise ! int . gym - fort worth - state championship - month later haskins exhort the benjamin girl team play the defending state champ . the clock run down as the crowd , cheer . haskins winnaker ! get on Robinson ! play the ball ! what be you doin ' out there ! you be not stickin ' to you man . what be you , a bunch of girl ? come on , hustle ! in the crowd . GEORGE mccarty , a collegiate athletic director sit watch haskins with interest . the buzzer sound . the girl leap in the air . swarm around haskins , they try to lift the big man on they shoulder , but quickly collapse under he weight . int . haskins house - live room - night trophies line a shelf . Don watch tv . on screen be a NCAA game : adolph rupp , the legendary coach of the '' kentucky wildcat '' , play a arena full of scream fan . television announcer ( v.o. ) the ' Baron of the bluegrass ' , adolph rupp , do it again ! win the Southern Conference berth and return to the NCAA tournament for the thirtieth time . the question now be : can rupp , the great coach in the game , win a unprecedented fifth National championship ? haskins flick off the tv , moody as Mary enter . haskins . there 's gotta be more than this , Mary . more than Benjamin , Texas . mary always restless . always gotta have better . you get a family now . you be a win coach . be that so bad ? int . haskins house - day on the television we see young bill cosby and ROBERT culp as gun tote partner in the '' I spy '' series . through the window outside ... Don be coach he three year old son , MARK . haskins come on ! I pass , you catch and put it up ! Don zip a ridiculous pass at Mark . it bounce off he chest . haskins catch it with you hand -- not you arm ! Mark 's lip quiver and he cry . haskins try to console he as Mary come and take he , flash a look . haskins go in and stop at the tv as the old crank phone on the wall ring . he pick up as we hear a voice . man ( v.0 . ) this be Dr. Ray at Texas western University . we would like to speak to you about a opportunity . int . president's office - TEXAS western university - day dr . ray , college president , sit with George mccarty , the University 's athletic director , face a neatly comb haskins . dr . ray I be pleased to hear you be interested in the coach job , Mr. haskins . the Texas athletic Association recommend we take a look at you . mccarty here catch you last championship game . he say you be a winner . haskins yes , sir . I sure ' preciate that . dr . ray we be a small school and we can not pay very much . you would have to live in the men' dorm with you family . but you get free meal at the cafeteria . how 's that sound ? haskins if that 's what it take to coach division one basketball , that 's alright with I . dr . ray ( shaking he hand ; smile ) welcome to Texas western . int . don 's buick - moving ~ TEXAS interstate - day Mary hold a new baby . two son in back . they tow a cattle truck of they belonging to marty robbins 's " El paso " . the town sprawl out in the middle of vast , desolate nothingness . haskins baby , this be a step up . it 's college basketball ! we be in the big time now . ext . TEXAS western campus - outside miner dorm -— day families drop off they kid with suitcase and hug and tear as Don 's buick pull up . haskins get out . a dark haire boy , jerry armstrong , stand with he father , a hard farming type . armstrong father how long you gonna waste you time , boy ? playin 's a kid game when you get you whole future right there on the farn . jerry armstrong I make up my mind , pa . it 's what I wanna do . Don note it and walk ahead when he hear a whistle and turn . Mary be surround by kid and suitcase . he turn , sheepish . haskins sorry , baby . guess I be just excited . int . miner dorm hallway - moment later rowdy student run past . Don walk with moe '' squeaky '' iba , 25 , a very short , earnest assistant coach with horn -rimm glass . his voice be high , hence the unfortunate nickname . moe we be clear out we best room for you , Mr. haskins . I think you and you family be gonna like it . he open a door to a room full of taxidermy and fishing gear . a alligator hang from the ceiling . ross moore , team trainer , 65 , stand in he underwear : a wild grin cajun with crew cut . moe this be Ross Moore . we team trainer . he 's movin’ to a smaller room down the hall . haskins I hate to put you out -- ross do not you worry a thing . I be even willing to lend you my prize gator here . make a real nice ceiling ornament . haskins ( eyeing the snarling gator ) that 's real kind of you , Ross . but the wife do not take to wildlife too much . but I thank you . I do . ext . miner hall kitchen - same time Mary stand with she baby as guadalupe , a domestic from juarez , be warming milk , smile at the baby . guadalupe que carinfo . can I hold he ? guadalupe radiate so much warmth , that Mary hand she the baby . guadalupe coo with the boy . Mary smile , happy . int . '' memorial gym '' - TEXAS western - next day moe walk with Don into Memorial gym . a bunch of short , slow white guy pass the ball around . moe get some good player . sign baudoin outta albuquerque . put up twenty a game last year . get we a strong farm boy outta Missouri , too . kid name armstrong . the gym have wear seat , loose board , crooked rim , threadbare net . light buzz and flicker . hardly a place of champion . moe David Palacio 's top prep scorer in El paso . still waitin’ on some junior college transfer . and on Taco night -- we get a real good crowd . haskins Taco night ? my girl have better move than this kid . what 's in the budget for recruiting ? moe the budget 's in the light . int . GEORGE mccarty' office - day Don stand across from mccarty , the athletic director . int / ext . haskins how in sam-hell can I put a win team on the floor when I get no player and no budget to get they ? mccarty I could shake down a few more buck from the booster . get a couple scholarship . haskins a few buck ?! I can not go recruit with one or two scholarship . mccarty Don , you know damn well we be not Kansas , Duke , kentucky . we be a poor school . we can not afford blue chip player , and they would not want to play in this dusty - ass town even if we could . reality be , we be lucky to put a decent team on the court . haskins well , decent be not good enough for I . I play to win . series of image - EL paso - day / night Don drive by the Rio Grande ; through night time street ; to the top of mt. Franklin ; stare out , discontent . ext . gas station - night Don stand by he car in a jacket with '' miner '' logo . two fan , white and hispanic , look at he from they pick - up truck . hispanic fan hey , you be the new coach . gonna get we some win this year ? haskins I 'il do my best . white fan good luck , man . you be gonna need it . Don nod , depressed . they laugh and drive off . ext . don 's buick ~- drive - EL paso - later that night Don stop as something catch he eye : a black teenager on a basketball court . Don watch the boy lift into the air and soar skyward . we flash to the image of herman carr clear the rim . as carr jam the ball into the hoop , haskins watch the boy lay the ball off the board in a silky motion . int . EL paso bar - later that night martin luther king be see on a television , as he speak at a rally in D.C.. haskins sit with moe and Ross at a table . moe you be beatin’ a dead horse , coach . we be never gonna compete with the kentucky 's of the world . ross best player will not even look at we . haskins best white player , you mean . ross . say that again , sonny ? haskins best player be not all white . ( look around at they ) what if we find we the best black talent in the country and bring them here ? moe you get to be joke . why would you wanna go do a thing like that ? haskins I do not care what color anybody be , black , white , green . if they can play , they can play for I . moe how many be you talkin’ about ? haskins as many as we can get . 10 . moe coach . there be rule . unwritten rule . you know the quotas . ' one at home . two on the road . Three when you be lose . 's but load up on negroes - - it just be not do . haskins who care about rule ? rule be mean to be break . ross now you listen , sonny . you bring in a bunch of color boy -- you risk the whole program . haskins I be not afraid of risk . I be not afraid to gamble . not if it mean win . int . junior college national - atlanta - night close up : bobby joe hill , a black kid from Detroit with a fancy conk , lean back on a sideline bench in the middle of a noisy junior College national game , dozing , half ~ asleep . on the floor ... all the player be white . they play super conservative , pass and set-shot ball of the day . in the stand ... Don sit with moe and Ross . moe Three day , nine game , and you be not like nobody yet . haskins I be waitin’ on that guard . ross that kid ? he look asleep ! haskins ' Cause nobody 's playin’ he . on court ... the team be be destroy . the coach gruffly shake Bobby Joe awake and signal he into the game . Bobby Joe , once awake , have intelligent , playful eye and a cocky demeanor . he quickly take the court . immediately the game change . lightn quick , he find opening where there be not any , dribble past player with dazzle speed . haskins that 's the one . let 's we go talk to he . will . int . tournament office - later haskins stand with a beer- belly redneck tournament director . tournament director you wanna talk to Bobby Joe Hill ? you can not win playin ' ' nigger ball . can not control ‘em . sure they can jump like goddamn monkey . but they can not lead . that boy in particular . he 's just a no - account smart ass . showboatin ' like a globetrotter clown . haskins just tell I where to find he . tournament director y'all must be real hard up . ext . locker room - moment later Bobby Joe Hill be clear he locker . Don walk up with moe and Ross . Bobby Joe see they , wary . haskins I be coach haskins . I wanna talk to you about play for I at Texas western . bobby joe thanks but -- I be do playin’ this game . haskins I be offerin’ a full scholarship . bobby joe I know how that work . you sign I and sit you token negro on the bench . I would rather hang it up , do somethin’ else . Ace . be the next smokey Robinson . or I could run for president . haskins I watch you out there . you get somethin’ special . why would you throw it away ? bobby joe because ever since I be a kid I only love one thing and that be playin’ ball . ( more ) 12 . bobby joe ( cont would ) but be a black mascot , ridin 's the bench like some stepin 's fetchit ass lawn jockey while White brother with half my game get the glory may be good enough for most brother , but not for Bobby Joe Hill , not anymore . i‘1l walk away from the game rather than play that shit . he grab he duffle bag and walk out of the locker room . int . arena hall - moment later haskins follow Hill , try to keep up . haskins I do not come here to sit you on the bench . I intend to let you play . play with other black man . bobby joe what be you smokin’ , Jack ? haskins I be not smokin’ nuthin’ , bubba . now you just tell I about a big ol 's dream you have . I can let you play , and I can help you make that dream come true faster than a twister will take you sock off . bobby joe you know , you talk funny . haskins so do you . bobby joe what 's this team anyway ? haskins the miner . bobby joe I never even hear of they . they any good ? haskins you can help make they good . bobby joe be you for real , man ? haskins ( hold up the papers ) try I . 13. ext . don 's buick - drive tennessee freeway - dusk a long stretch of highway in the set sun . Don 's buick see from way on high over bobby fuller be '' I fought the Law '' . int . roadside bar - night music continue on juke BOX . Ross on a pay phone . Don watch good 01 's boy shoot pool . moe flip through scout report . moe okay . accord to the scout , here 's who we need to see . Harry flournoy . Indiana . great rebounder in high school . gave it up to work in the steel mill . orsten '' Little o '' artis . can shoot the light out . lot of school want he . David lattin . he 's a long shot . down in Houston . they say he 's a hot head , but he 's one of the top big man in the country . everybody say he 's lean to Tennessee a@i , the all black school . haskins we will get he . we have to get he . moe and how we gonna do that ? we be not even get enough gas money to get home . Ross hang up the phone and sit down , excited . ross I get through to Hilton White in New York . he 's get three kid we should look at . now they be just playground kid , but Hilton know talent and he say they can play with anybody . haskins moe , you be on the first flight out . moe you be sendin’ I to New York for some school yard player ?! who 's payin’ for all this ? you gotta be outta you mind . haskins bubba , I be just gettin’ start . haskins grab a pool cue and put a quarter on the pool table . 14 . haskins ya will mind if I give it a run , fella ? good ol 's boy we play for real money here , mister . the good ol 's boy lay a C - note down , grin . Ross and moe watch haskins empty he pocket to the last quarter . ross what the hell you doin’ , coach ? haskins just layin’ down the corn ... the good ol 's boy sink quick shot , rim out of the corner pocket . then haskins run the table , down to the eight ball . the good ol 's boy 's speechless . haskins take the C note . haskins there 's one rule in pool , boy . do not play with amputee or stranger . ( toss the money ) here 's you plane fare , squeaky . int . don 's buick - drive on freeway - day Don and Ross drive . Ross sing to big bill lister '' there 's a tear in my beer '' at the top of he voice , annoying haskins . ext . STREET outside steel factory - gary , indiana - day haskins and Ross in the car , watch two black worker from the mill , play one - on - one on concrete with a hoop and no net . harry flournoy , tall , powerful , slam in a basket - rattling two . his friend grin , shaking he head . they rap hand . black friend you comin’ over ? I get the new otis redding . that cat 's on fire , man . flournoy dig , man , but I can not stay long . mama baked some pie . there 's only one piece leave and I be think about it all day . haskins ( 0.s. ) hey , kid -- you have a minute ? Don pull up , country music blaring . 15 . flournoy we do not want no trouble , mister . haskins no , you do not understand , just get in the car and we can -- flournoy like hell , I be gettin’ in no car with a couple 'a cracker ! haskins stop the car . flournoy look at he friend . on cue they both run . haskins watch they , and drive ahead . int . harry flournoy's house - kitchen - later Harry enter through the back door and fling he factory pail down . his mother carry a tray of coffee to the next room . flournoy hey , ma. you will not believe happen to I and Alvin . almost get jump by a couple of red-neck cracker . ( look around ) I be just die for that piece of pie . Mrs. flournoy enter the live room with flournoy follow . he stop , shocked , when he see haskins sit at a table , next to flournoy 's father , eat he piece of blueberry pie . haskins ma‘am , this be plumb delicious -- Mrs. flournoy push she speechless son into a chair . mrs . flournoy this be Mr. haskins . he come all the way from El paso , Texas . want you to play basketball for he on a scholarship ! flournoy play for he ? why would I go to Texas where they soon as string up black man as set off fourth of July firework ? flournoy 's father Harry 's get a good job right here in Gary . at the factory . with I . flournoy's mother but he can get himself a education . 16 . flournoy and a texas-sized beat for be black . haskins El paso 's not like the rest of Texas . we do thing different . you will be play with other black player . flournoy why should I trust you ? haskins ' Cause I mean what I say . there be a tense silence . flournoy glare at haskins . flournoy you eat my pie . haskins lean in close . haskins Harry , forget about I or you parent . what be it that you really want ? flournoy what anybody want . dignity . respect . haskins that 's what this be all about . you can earn that for yourself by do what you be bear to do . haskins slide the commitment papers across the table . flournoy papa ? flournoy's father they be right , Harry . you have a chance to follow you dream . do not let it go . flournoy look at he father with emotion and sign the paper . ext . ymca parking lot - later that day haskins 's car pull up in front of the ymca and park . int . ymca gym - moment later orsten artis , a good look player , with a smooth , easy manner , sink a shot with a bevy of girl swoon . haskins beside he . 17 . orsten I get lot of offer . but I just make up my mind to play with the globetrotter . haskins and act the fool with you talent ? what I '' offer you be better . I can make you a champion . orsten be this a joke ? haskins I never joke about win . haskins lay a letter of intent on the free throw line . haskins tell you what . I be not really a gamblin 's man , but -- how ' bout we shoot for it . best of twenty . you win and I be outta here . I win -- you play for I . orsten you want to take I on ?! haskins that 's the general idea . orsten let 's do it . orsten shoot as he friend count along . he miss the last shot and toss the ball to haskins , cocky . orsten it 's all yours , cowboy . haskins first shot rim and drop in . orsten and friend expression change as haskins drill shot after shot . orsten 's mouth be agape as the last shot slither through . ext . freeway - day Don 's buick barrel into frame and disappear down the highway . we hear tammy wynette 's '' my elusive dream '' . ext . new york STREET - playground - day moe stand at a phone booth , while three black player blur past in the background , shoot basket with amazing skill . 18 . moe this New York kid may be from the street but they sure can play ! Little guard play like he 's a giant . forward who run like a antelope . a swing man who can play anywhere ! never see anything like ‘em ! haskins ( v.o. ) when can you have they out ? moe week maybe . how 's it go with lattin ? we get to have a big man . ext . phone booth ~ TEXAS ~ gas station - same time Don stand , one hand cover he ear from traffic noise . haskins the odd be long , but I get one more roll in this dice . ext . athletics office - tennessee a@i - day haskins sit with a&i 's black coach . beside he be david lattin , huge , powerful , with shave head and intimidating self~assurance . haskins David , this be a good school and they give lot of player a chance they would not get somewhere else . but it 's still just the black league . you be not out there be test in the real world . David , the way you play , you could be the next Bill Russell . but you will never know unless you play NCAA competition and win . and frankly that mean play the best white center in the country and beat they . lattin I can beat any honky ass white boy . Big daddy D can play with anyone . haskins then prove it . sign with I . coach how 's he gonna play anybody at all at Texas western ? a red neck town with a team that 's never win ? we know that game . you 'il take David and make he ride the bench like any plantation nigger . 19 . lattin you think I could be the next Bill Russell ? haskins you play for I and I promise you will get that chance . lattin ( look tear ) you be too late . I already make up my mind . I be signing with Tennessee . the coach smile at haskins , smug . haskins finally nod . haskins so that 's how it be , huh ? you be better than this , David . you change you mind , you call I , you hear ? just call . int . school van - moving - EL paso - later that day Ross drive the new york player and moe . willie worsley , short , urbanite , militant , with a '' napoleon complex '' sit next to moe who be eyeing worsley 's high heeled boot . worsley what you lookin’ at ? I sky with anyone . moe I know that , Willie . in the back row be willie '' scoops '' cager , a lanky player with a cocky attitude and a good heart . his childhood friend and protege , nevil shed , a tall , skinny '' mama 's boy '' beside he . they pass tumbleweed and the waterless Rio Grande . shed this do not exactly look like they Lone Ranger movie . you know , with they rollin’ hill and big ass prairy . cager where the hell 's this coach bringin’ we ? ross El paso , Texas . God 's country . shed if this be God 's country , good Lord must be mad at somethin’ . 20 . ross there be not no place like El paso . beautiful West Texas sunlight three hundred and thirty day a year . it 's ' bout heaven on earth . they almost believe he . then a pick - up truck full of rooster swerve ahead . chicken fly over the van as Ross curse something cajun . the player be jolted back to reality . int . hallway outside cafeteria - that evening five white player look into the cafeteria through a window in the door : jerry armstrong , the farm boy we see with he father , dick myer , a tall , clean cut kansan , david palacio , a tough , proud Hispanic with a gold cross around he neck , louis '' flip '' baudoin , a prankster with buzz cut and horn rimmed glass , and togo railey , a skinny kid who bring more enthusiasm than game . baudoin well , look who 's just come to dinner . armstrong that we new team mate ? myer there 's more black than we white ! how 's he gonna play all they player ? palacio you think coach know what he 's do ? togo he say thing be gonna be different this year . guess he be not kid . int . student dine hall - cafeteria - moment later nevil shed wait in line , tower over Willie worsley . shed do not that smell good ? I can not wait to eat I a whole tray full of food . this big ol 's boy 's starvin ' ! meanwhile ... the black recruit sit at one end of a table while the white player sit at the other end . they nod a silent greeting . there be a awkward silence and tense smile . bobby joe where you brother from , man ? 21 . armstrong missoura . Dick here 's from Kansas . cager wow . so you guy have cow , chicken and pig and stuff ? myer armstrong 's the farm boy . we just have some sheep , that 's all . armstrong you get animal where you come from ? cager in New York City they get all kinda animal . most of they talk though . cafeteria line ... shed look at the mexican dish , confuse . shed you say it be -- what ?! mexican server menudo . muy bueno . shed I never even hear of that . at the table ... togo smile at the wary flournoy . togo so -- you from harlem or whatever ? flournoy you think all black be from harlem ?! palacio take it easy , cabron . he do not mean nothing . flournoy yeah ? and so where you from ? palacio from right here . El paso , Texas . flournoy really ? I think all you people be from Mexico . cager peace , man . Brothers , peace . 22 . baudoin I be from New Mexico . that ' 's not even consider America . he smile . flournoy do not smile back . cafeteria line ... the server hand shed a plate of enchilada . mexican server rojo es bueno , si . muy caliente . shed ( enunciate clearly ) thank you . thank you very much . at the table ... shed drop he tray down , rub he hand . shed this negro be ready to eat ala Mexicana ! shed scoops a mouthful of chile smother enchilada . blood run from he face . he let out a ' I be on fire ' scream and douse he mouth in water as the other laugh . int . don and mary kitchen - that evening Don study diagram in playbook as he son , Mark and Michael clumsily demonstrate juggling trick with orange . boy look , daddy , look , look , daddy , look ! mary go on , boy . time for bed . daddy 's get work to do . the boy walk out , head hang . just then loud music rise from the street . haskins look out , puzzle . ext . STREET in front of dormitory - same time the wheel of a green plymouth fury convertible roll into frame . as the car approach , a crowd form around it . in the backseat there be speaker wire to the stereo with the rolling stone '' get off of my cloud '' play . the car stop . door open and a pair of white shoe step out . cager , worsley , and orsten come to the front , gape . orsten qooh , mama , look at they wheel ! 23 . cager that brother be stylin' . angle on : david lattin with shave head , green silk shirt , and Ray ban , look around . flournoy that be one bad ass car . cager that be one bad ass man . haskins come walk outside , look speechless . haskins David ?... what happen ? lattin I be the best . I come to be the best . haskins look back at he a moment . he slowly smile . haskins welcome to El paso , David . they shake hand . the other gather and slap he on the back . worsley have he hand outheld for a shake . lattin drop he suitcase in worsley 's hand and walk off . worsley frown . worsley mercy Jesus , we in for trouble . ext . campus - the next morning Ross lead some of the black player across campus . ross straight ahead be the gym , fella . shed and cager follow . as they pass a mariachi band , practice with guitar and violin . shed look at cager . shed Willie , we still in America ? int . memorial gym hallway - same time orsten and worsley pass by friendly , smile student in cowboy hat . they glance back at they , non-pluss . ext . stairway - dorm hall - same time Bobby Joe come down as two girl smile at he . 24 , girl # 1 groovy . you play for the miner ? girl # 2 I do not know they play negros . bobby joe if they do not , I take the wrong plane . int . locker room - moment later the black player be dress . a hispanic janitor come in . janitor you the new player ? bobby joe the mighty miner . janitor mighty miner ?! this team be not have a win season since Pearl Harbor ! mighty miner . that 's funny . he walk out , chuckle . the player look at each other grim . int . memorial gym ~ moment later the player follow Ross into the rickety gym dress in grey Russell t-shirt with orange short . they look around . ross this be it . this be the place . you new home . you boy have no idea kinda thing gonna happen around here . bobby joe that 's what I be worried about , bro . Ross open the door of coach 's office . the player look in and see the trophy above haskins 's desk , impressed . ross we get lucky findin’ coach haskins . he win state last year , you know . cager yeah , man ? no kid . ross have that gal playin’ so tough , nobody could stop ‘em . the player stare at the photo next to the trophy . each , Don stand smile with the '' Benjamin eight '' gi bobby joe you tellin’ we the man coach a girl team ? a high school girl team ?! ross you bet . he 's a winner . the player look at each other , bleak . int . gym - later haskins walk before the assemble player . he stop lattin , who be wear he sunglass . haskins lean haskins lose the shade , lattin . reluctant , lattin take off he sunglass . shed snic lattin give he a wither look . haskins in three month the 1965 miner take the floor for the first time . this season will not be like any other before it , because you be not like any other team . you will face challenge nobody else will face . the mountain will be higher , the reward great . ( pace in front of they ) you be here for one reason and that be to play the best basketball that you can -- and to win . ( eye boring into each player ) get there be not gonna be easy . I do not wanna hear the word ' can not 's or ' will not 's or ' mommy 's . when you play for I , you play basketball my way . and my way be hard . bobby joe ( grin ) unless you point guard get herself a nice the player chuckle . haskins flash a wither smil haskins that 's funny , Bobby Joe . that really be . but I guarantee after one work out with that girl everyone here would be crawlin’ the floor with you tongue a-hangin’ . ( move among the player ) ( more ) 25 . in rl . at in . ker and rack . e. 26 . haskins ( cont would ) now you follow my rule . that mean discipline on and off the court . no booze , no girl , just fundamental basketball . haskins 's expression shift into a new , quiet seriousness . haskins do you best , push yourself beyond where you ever think you could go , and I guarantee -- people be gonna be hearin’ from Texas western . let 's get to it . series of image . haskins bark out command military style , as the player sprint the floor , groan and sweat . later : Bobby Joe steal a pass , dribble through he leg and make a huge shot . haskins call he over and get in he face . haskins what the hell be that ?! bobby joe jest playin ' my game , coach . haskins well , that 's street ball and street ball be not what we play here ! you do not dribble between you leg . you do not go above the rim . and you do not fish for steal . you miss that pick you team be four on five and that 's two for the enemy . so leave the street ball for the street ! later : player pair up at the basket . cager go up against orsten and make a huge play , with huge physical effort . haskins Way to put the effort in , cager ! shed cover lattin . shed be faster , but lattin more powerful . lattin get out my way , gumby . you in my office ! shed back off scared . lattin slam and rattles the backboard . shed strut away , try to disappear . haskins shed ?! what be that ?! we do not back down here ! ever ! -- and lattin ? stay in front of the basket . no flush . 27 . orsten ( high -five lattin ) Nice shot , big man . lattin do not slap he back , turn away , mute and angry . orsten not scuse I , wilt . later : flournoy go up for the J. armstrong block it and crash onto flournoy , knock he down . flournoy leap up , eye flash , and shove the white player backward . flournoy take you white hand off I , farm Boy ! armstrong back off , I do not do nothin’ ! flournoy lunge back at armstrong , and they begin to fight but haskins grab flournoy and armstrong 's jersey and pull they close , face in they face , lift they off the ground . haskins next person open he mouth be outta here . flournoy . be there a problem flournoy ?! flournoy no . haskins I do not hear you , flournoy ! flournoy no ! no , Sir ! haskins that go for all of you . anymore of that shit and I be on you faster than a rat on a cheeto . we be a team ! and we be gonna act like one ! get I ? now get back to work . haskins drop they both and walk off . shed whistle . shed that man be a bear . int . memorial gym hallway - later haskins walk down the hall as Dr. Ray come up . 28 . dr . ray you sign some color boy , Don . Seven , be not that right ? haskins that 's right . get some talent . dr . ray that 's a lot of -- ' talent 's . I be not sure how we booster be gonna take it , Don . this be a little different than what they be use to . haskins you just let I coach , dr.. I will let you handle the booster . how ' bout that ? he clap he on the shoulder . Dr. Ray watch he go , concerned . int . locker room - same time myer be dress next to baudoin who be wash he face . myer coach run we so hard , I think I be gonna be sick . baudoin grin and lie down on the bench and moan in mock illness . togo put on baudoin 's '' Clark Kent '' glass . togo aha ! a acute case of dehydration ! he pump baudoin 's leg like a pump handle . baudoin squirt water from he mouth in a high arc , dousing myer and Palacio who yell out . the other guy laugh . flournoy turn away . flournoy White boy havin 's fun . palacio not everybody 's funny as you two vato . flournoy stop and glare . he look at lattin . flournoy back I up , brother . this dude say we be not funny . ( when lattin turn ; arrogant ) brother , you think you some kinda bad ass ?! 29 . in the shower ... player shower , body sagging . the spigot spray water and soap together . worsley push shed playfully . worsley you look like lattin 's shadow out there , shed . Big guy like you , afraid ? shed how would you know if I be afraid ? all you see be my knee cap . worsley you callin’ I short ? shed dig , I do not even need to . worsley shove up against shed , but it make he slip on the soapy water and he disappear from frame . the other laugh . armstrong hey . any of you guy see the soap ? bobby joe it 's comin ' right at you , man . armstrong jeez , soap comin’ out of the wall ! how do they do that ?! we get nothin ' like that in eagleville ! bobby joe you in the big time now , farm Boy . int . lattin 's dorm room - later that day David lattin be nail '' girlie '' poster over he bed , and a row of pantie on the wall with name tag : '' yolanda , cherry , Dee Dee '' . shed leave the room , roll he eye . int . cager 's room - same time cager be dress at the mirror , lip synce into he hairbrush to the supreme '' stop in the name of Love '' on a radio . int . flournoy and worsley 's room ~- same time flournoy stare at the poster over worsley 's bed : a black man raise he fist , '' power to the people '' . flournoy pick up the book on he bed . eldridge cleaver be '' soul on Ice '' . the bathroom door open . worsley come out . grab he book back . 30 . worsley do not touch my stuff , brother . leave that to the big boy . you probably be not even hear about the panther back in Indiana . flournoy man , I know about ‘em . worsley it 's one thing to know about ‘em . ( make a fist in he face ) and it 's another to live the life . flournoy I do not need book to live the life -- brother . ext . downtown EL paso restaurant - later that night a ranchera band play on a small stage . shed , orsten , Bobby Joe , cager , flournoy and worsley sit wait for they order . bobby joe coach be one crazy white man . you would think we be up for a National championship instead of playin’ on some bush league team . shed I be not gonna be alive for no national nothin ' if he keep workin ' we like that . flournoy they all talk like that in Oklahoma ? orsten it be not even a civilized state . cager who care where he 's from . do not mean he do not know what he 's doin’ . maybe he 's right . maybe people will hear from we someday . flournoy you kiddin’ I ? look at this place . we be in the middle of nowhere , playin’ for a nowhere team . we be not get a chance in hell . worsley you get a chance . we all do . we can get a education . only thing that matter anyway . it be not basketball that 's gonna make the future for any of we . 31 . a platter of taco arrive . shed and the other stare . shed what the hell be that ? cager Brothers . when you be in a foreign country , you get to respect the custom . they pick up knife and fork and delicately slice the taco . cager hey , where 's lattin tonight ? shed I dunno . that be one big , mean negro . he 's probably out eatin’ baby . bobby joe I say we cross the bridge tonight . I hear juarez jump . the tequila 's cheap and so be the lady . Fine lookin’ lady . cager what you gonna do when you find ‘em , fool ? you do not speak no espafiol . bobby joe Bobby Joe Hill speak the universal language -- the language of love . orsten what about coach ? he set the rule . bobby joe brother , can not let the rule cramp you style , know what I be sayin 's ? int . '' bodega excelsior '' club - juarez , mx - later that night Bobby Joe check he conk as shed , cager , orsten , worsley and flournoy follow he in . Inside there be shout , laughter , mariachis wailing cancione . they take a table in the middle . people turn and stare . the room fall silent . the player look nervous . a gruff bartender come up , wiping he hand . shed forget it . they do not want we here . bobby joe mezcal for the table . the bartender nod and leave . slowly the music begin again . 32 . shed what if coach find out ? we be not suppose to be here . bobby joe relax , shadow . you worry too much . the bartender return with a huge bottle of tequila , five shot glass , lime and a bowie knife and salt shaker . orsten aw hell , Bobby Joe . you order fruit . the bartender gesture to cut the lime , salt the hand and lick . cager what 's he sayin 's ? shed could be some kinda mexican voodoo thing ? two senioritas squeeze next to worsley and orsten and guide they to cut the lime , salt they hand , lick and drink . orsten 's eye widen with the sour . the girl giggle . worsley that 's some nasty shit , man . cager Hell , I will try it . shed shake he head , as worsley and cager try it . Bobby Joe hold out a glass to flournoy . he shake he head , dour . bobby joe man , be there anything you do not take too seriously ? you gotta lighten up , man . flournoy glare a moment . then he take the glass and knock it back . the other guy hoot and clap . flournoy risk a smile . Bobby Joe turn and see a beautiful , dark skinned seniorita walk past with a tray of margaritas . he flash a smile . bobby joe hey , baby . what 's you nombre ? she look back at he , with a confuse smile . bobby joe you probably do not understand a word I be sayin 's to you , huh ? ( more ) 33 . bobby joe ( cont would ) well , that 's good cause what I want from you , baby , you probably be not get on the menu . her look suddenly change and she speak perfect English . waitress you bet you black ass I do not . she walk off . Bobby Joe look stunne . when recover . bobby joe wait up , wait up , come on , baby . you playin’ with I ? what 's you name ? how come you speak such good English ? waitress the name 's Tina . I go to the same school you do and I do not fall for bullshit . my momma teach I better than that . bobby joe ( gaze after she ) mercy Jesus . a black seniorita . on the dance floor orsten and worsley dance with senioritas . worsley , taller than the girl , step on she foot . she look at he platform boot and giggle . on stage cager sing with a mariachi in a huge sombrero and silver studd outfit , '' cry '' to the mariachi violin and trumpet . ext . walkway before miner hall - dawn - next morning Ross walk in fishing gear . the player stumble up , drunk , in sombreros , sing " La cucaracha " . a sober shed support they . bobby joe right on , brother . you look like one of they man from Mars . ross you peckerhead better hit the shower and get that cantina stink off you . you get practice . if coach find out -~ bobby joe he be not gonna find out , daddy -o . we too cool to give ourselves away . int . memorial gym - later that morning the player line up in a row , look nervous . haskins pace in front of they face , he eye boring into each player . 34 . haskins gonna be a long practice today , huh ? bobby joe Sir ? haskins you do not look too good , Bobby Joe . bobby joe huh ? what ? haskins huh , what ? I will tell you what . when I set rule , I set rule . and if you break ‘em -- I '' on you like ugly on a baboon 's butt . ( on snicker of the other ) anybody -- bitten by the evil worm last night run I one hundred line right now . the rest of you get to watch . Bobby Joe , orsten , cager , worsley , flournoy jog onto the court . haskins look at shed . he hold up he hand . shed I never touch the stuff , coach . later : the player drag down court as the other count '' ninety - nine , a hundred ! '' . they collapse . moe blow he whistle . moe time for drill ! pick and roll !! later : shed eat up baudoin and score . he clap he hand , grin , strutting he trademark victory strut . haskins cut that out , shed . you look like a goddamn hyena out there . shed just feelin ' the joy , coach ! feelin ' the joy ! later : cager charge down court with frantic energy . he make the basket , but stumble . he get up quickly , smile . haskins you make the team , cager . do not need to kill yourself for every basket . cager Willie cager give 110 percent . every time . 35 . bobby joe coach -- I need a drink . haskins I do not see no sweat , Hill . bobby joe Bobby Joe Hill do not sweat . the player laugh , call " alright -- ' no sweat Hill ' ! haskins well , see you do not sweat , why do not we work double time tonight ? Ross , cancel dinner . ext . dormitory step - same time Don 's boy sit on the step , dress in Daniel boone outfit , water flask , toy gun at they side . they have be wait for hour , crestfallen . Mary come out and put down a tray of oreos and milk and ruffle they hair , consolingly . int . memorial gym - later that day the player drill sprint and cover , sweat drench , exhaust . haskins I never see a sorrier bunch 'a guy . we be not gonna make it to the open of the season , much less win any damn game , if you guy do not shape up . come on , come on , let 's get you foot burnin 's ! haskins blow he whistle . the player slump in a circle . haskins because a few player screw around last night , I miss ' gunsmoke 's and the rest of you burn hole in you shoe . now I do not like miss ' gunsmoke 's . so follow the rule -- no booze , no woman , no juarez . it happen again , you be off the team -- now get some sleep . we start early tomorrow . int . haskin be house - later that night haskins drag himself inside . throw he playbook on the couch he see Mary in the kitchen door . she be not happy . mary you boy sit outside for three hour waitin’ on you . where you be ? 36 . haskins damn . I forget . I be workin’ . mary work ... work all the time . Mary walk off . Don stand , miserable . he walk to the boy bedroom . Mark lie in bed with he toy gun , still awake . Don kneel by he , speak with tenderness . haskins hey , partner - - we be partner , right ? and partner do not let each other down , do they ? MARK no , sir . haskins well , I forget I be takin 's you coyote huntin’ toady . and I let you boy down . I want you to know I be real sorry for that . but -- we will get ‘em next time , okay ? they 's 11 be run under rock and duckin’ in the dust . right , partner ? Mark nod , smile . Don ruffle he hair and smile lovingly . ext . classroom - day in a geology lab class room full of white student , flournoy , shed , and Bobby Joe sit at a table , wear goggle , sifting through rock , try to identify they . the teacher pace , watch all the white student scribbling feverishly as the black player turn the rock in they hand , totally confuse . the girl from the juarez bar , Tina , come up and take a rock from Bobby Joe 's hand . she lay it on the match chart . he look at she and smile . she smile back a small smile . int . coach office - day flournoy stand before haskins as he read he transcript . haskins you be a smart kid , Harry . but this grade be not pullin’ the truck up the hill . flournoy I know . but every class be about rock . I be a black man . I do not do rock . 37 . haskins but you get the importance of a education . try you best on and off the court ? flournoy yeah . I guess so . haskins then you bring you grade up in two week , Harry . or else . you get I ? int . classroom - week later Palacio and flournoy leave together at the end of a class . palacio hey , man , you wanna study together ? flournoy I be not gonna study that shit . palacio do not you get a warning from coach ? flournoy what 's he gonna do ? he 's already run my ass rag . smash to : int . dormitory hallway ~ day mrs . flournoy stomp down the hall , nostril flaring . flournoy and Palacio round the corner . flournoy 's eye widen in shock . flournoy shit ! int . classroom - day later Mrs. flournoy be in the back of the classroom , in coat and hat , hand fold over she purse . flournoy in the front , miserable . teacher who can tell I the field classification of phaneritic rock ? mrs . flournoy ( raise she hand ; point ) my son , Harry , can . flournoy ( look down ; chagrine ) yes , ma ’‘am . granitoid , syenitoid , gabbroid ... 38 . Mrs. flournoy smile , smugly satisfied as the student stare . int . hallway of dormitory - shed 's door - night shed stand at the door , the impression '' gypsy woman '' play inside . he hesitates , then open the door . inside ... lattin be under the sheet with a unseen woman . as shed come in , lattin leap up , wrapping the sheet around himself , push shed into the hallway and up against the wall . lattin you never ever enter when I be entertaining a lady friend . you understand I , gumby ? shed hey man , I -- I - - do not know . I - - lattin ( point at vent in door ) check the vent , gumby . that vent 's open , it 's too hot for you to come in . you dig ? ext . hallway - later that night shed sit next to the door , bored . music still play . he look at he watch . then he look around . no one be in sight . slowly he inch he way toward the vent until he be crouching close enough to peek inside . his eye widen . ross ( 0.s. ) lock yourself out , sonny ? shed scream , turn to see Ross stand there with fishing gear . shed hurry away . Ross watch he go , puzzle . int . locker room - sink - day the player be dress for practice , throw towel . togo stand with armstrong demonstrate a bizarre cheer technique , hyperventilate , he cheek bulg , face red . armstrong you be gonna pass out like that , togo . togo ( catch he breath ) naw . it 's just to get I pump up to cheer the team on . I never pass out . baudoin be at a sink , dousing he jersey with water , grin slyly . the other gather around he , watch , suspicious . 39 . myer hey , flip ? what be you doin’ there ? baudoin nothing , man . not -a-thing . int . memorial gym - later baudoin charge down court , shirt drench with water . haskins everybody take a look at baudoin . he 's workin’ hard . he 's drippin ' some sweat . let that be a example to the rest of you . the other glare as baudoin grin . lattin pound shed at the basket . shed bail , tangling he foot . lattin push shed , make he fall , and score . haskins shed ??? you be like a duck ! you wake up in a new world every day . shed ~ he keep foulin ' I , coach ! haskins the hell he 's foul ! you be back up ! what be you gonna do when it 's a real game ? back down every time somebody put a body on you ? how many time do I have to tell you ? you go sit down . come back when you be ready to play ! all the way ! later : cager make a fly jump-hook . as he release the ball he teeter , disorient , look shake . haskins what be that , cager ? cager nothin’ , coach . I slip . haskins no , that be a playground shot . why do not you try that again and do it right . cager I get it in , do not I ? haskins it 's not just about the hole , mister cager , it 's about the path you take to get there . ( more ) 40 . haskins ( cont would ) ( to snicker of other ) you think that 's funny ? this team do not play playground ball . we play fundamental , discipline , defensive basketball ! togo. show Mr. cager how to shoot a basket . nervous , togo dribble and make a shot . cager mimic togo . cager you want I to do that ?! what about my stylin’ ? I get too much style to do that . haskins you leave the stylin’ for you mama 's shoe . show I you belong in the NCAA . cager take it to the basket , make the shot , look pain . haskins good . let 's all try that now . the black player try to play stiff and discipline . Bobby Joe finally break out and dribble through he leg for a lay up . haskins Hill !? bobby joe have to do it , coach . all that set shoot honkey ball . my arm be cramping up . haskins ( in he face ) you do not make a joke out of my practice ! bobby joe yes , sir . no , sir . haskins you think you know it all ? you think you get nothing to learn from I , Hill ? I get nothing to teach you , Hill ?! bobby joe no , coach , I do not say that . haskins then how you gonna beat division one talent play like you be on a playground ? bobby joe it 's not just up to I , coach . 41 . haskins no , it be not ! that 's cause you get a team playin’ with you ! I wanna see you play with that team , if you plan on win any game . so any one of you playgrounder globetrot you flashy , no account basketball behind around , you 's 1ll find yourselves on the bench ! tomorrow I wanna see real basketball ! now get outta here . the player drag themselves from the gym . Ross walk up . ross you wanna take it a little easy , sonny ? you be gettin’ the guy kinda down . haskins Ross , that boy be play like they be on two different team . they do not know what it 's like out there . they need to play the enemy 's game . and that take discipline and control . we have get two week leave before the season start and they do not know anything yet . nothing . int . hallway to memorial gym - day Dr. Ray stand with WADE richardson and other booster . they look inside at the player through a window in the door . WADE richardson there 's seven of they . dr . ray actually twelve in all , sir . WADE richardson yes , but seven of that other one . dr . ray coach think he 's get a real strong team this year . WADE richardson where would you find this coach ? dr . ray he 's from Oklahoma , sir . Richardson just nod , stay silent . 42 . int . armstrong 's room - later that night roger miller play on a radio . the white player sit , moody . int . myer coach be more interested in the black player than we . do not we play just as hard ? palacio we might as well not even be out there . men' lounge - miner hall - later that night the black player look deject . a tv show a pre~season college basketball : image of white team like iowa , kansas , kentucky , smile wide , a bright shine world of basketball . shed coach be not human . I think he ride we black ass harder than anyone . orsten it be not fair . pickin 's on we like that . flournoy Far as I be concerned , he 's like all the rest . the back of he neck be a shade too red . worsley take off he shoe . his foot be bleed . he wince . bobby joe playground basketball . if he do not want we to play we game why would he bring we here at all ? they look at the grin white face of the big white school . orsten look at that . smilin 's like that . bobby joe yeah ... shed we ain xot never gonna be like that . bobby joe Nah ... they fall silent . shed finally stretch . shed I '' beat . I be go to bed . 43. flournoy least tomorrow 's Sunday . I be gonna sleep ' till noon . int . dorm hall ~ middle of the night a flash light weave through the hall . Ross walk into frame , a mining helmet on he head . he be dress half fly - fisherman , half astronaut . he throw open a door . yell . ross rise and shine , boy ! I get good news ! he bang on another door . face appear , sleepy , disorient . worsley what the hell , Ross ? -- ross you boy be workin’ so hard , I figure a little change 'a scenery 's 1l do ya good ! we be gonna have some fun , El paso style . lattin glower at he . Ross slam a fishing net into he chest . ross you too , Big daddy . no argument . we be goin’ frog giggin’ . ext . row boat - canal in EL paso - later in darkness we hear roy orbison '' Blue bayou '' . frog croak in a shallow river bed . Ross , flournoy , worsley , cager , togo , shed , armstrong and lattin sit in row boat , wear mining helmet . Ross plunge he hand into the water and toss a frog in the sack . the frog bounce inside . Ross hold it up in triumph . they stare back . cager Ross . this brother do not hunt no frog . I be from the bronx , man ! armstrong hey , this be better than huntin’ back country coon ! come on guy , try it . the black player sit , unmove . suddenly lattin plunge he big bare hand into the murky water . he come up with a frog . lattin get one ! cager hey , we in the Wild Kingdom now ! 44 , shed Big daddy D 's a regular marlin Perkins ! lattin grin and toss a frog at shed . shed howl and fling it away . the scene dissolves in laugh , splash , and frog fly into the sack . shed suddenly look worried . shed Ross ?! what be we gonna do with they once we get ‘em ? int . gym shower room - later that morning Ross flick on all the shower , water raining down . armstrong be dump the bag into the shower . frog be everywhere . ross it 's a french delicacy type deal . you cut ‘em up and fry ‘em . cager Black people do not eat that stuff , Ross . I be tellin ' you , we do not eat no frog . armstrong and togo scamper after frog . Ross bring up a huge knife to slice the leg of a frog . shed double over , heaving . flournoy the french be fuck up . ext . miner hall - later that night worsley and lattin sit on the step , eat frog leg . worsley this be not bad . not bad at all . lattin grunt and nod , chew . worsley you know , Big daddy , I always hate angry big guy like you . but you alright . lattin that 's nice of you to say , Willie . come from a angry short man like you . worsley Big daddy , what make you come here ? lattin I wanna be the best . best at my game . 45 . worsley I come to go to school . I mean , I ‘'1l jump and run and play this game , but I be not playin’ fool forever . that 's where they wanna keep you , you know . playin 's game . not Willie worsley . I get a plan . I be gonna graduate . I be gonna get ahead . basketball 's just a way to get there . int . haskins' office - moment later shed stand across as haskins hold out a seal envelope . haskins here 's a ticket . I be send you home . shed Home ?! the season 's ten day away ! you can not send I home ! haskins yes , I can . one minute you be run around like a clown ; like some crazy wild man ; then you back down , afraid to go up for rebound . that 's when I send you home . shed coach . mama 's gonna beat my ass ! haskins I can not have a big man who 's afraid to play like one . that 's just the way it be . haskins look back down at he papers . shed turn away , crush . int . dorm ground - that evening Bobby Joe stand in the darkness , dress to the nine . cager and flournoy pass he by . cager you lookin 's sharp , Bobby Joe . you in for some trouble tonight ? bobby joe Brothers , I be on the trail of love . flournoy what about the rule , man ? bobby joe only one rule tonight . Bobby Joe Hill 's gonna get he some bone cat . 46 . the other slap he hand . bobby joe stand back . Bobby Joe 's get work . the other grin as he walk away . just then haskins pass by . his eye narrow he see Bobby Joe walk away . haskins what 's he doin 's ? they shrug . haskins look back at Bobby Joe , wary . int . bobby's room - later candle light and otis redding be " try a Little tenderness '' . Bobby Joe pour Tina some mogen David wine . she smirk . tina you know all the move , do not you ? - bobby joe this be not no move , baby . I be comin ' from the heart . tina but how many heart do you have ? bobby joe I like to have a good time . the Magic man try not to take anything too seriously . Bobby lean in and try to kiss she . Tina push he away . tina this be not a game for I , Bobby . bobby joe I know , baby . tina you do not know anything . Tina kiss Bobby Joe long and hard . his eye widen as she push he back , smile . suddenly the door bust OPEN . haskins come in . Bobby Joe jump . haskins see the bottle of wine , Tina on the bed .- he look at Bobby Joe with frightening calm . int . memorial gym - later that night haskins drill Bobby Joe up and down the stair . sweat drench , he 's be at it a long , hard time , breathless . 47 . bobby joe please , coach , I can not go no more ! haskins I think you can go some more . you get energy for all kinda nonsense . instead of puttin’ it in you team . instead of respect yourself . bobby joe I get no team . we be not goin’ nowhere . you tellin’ we all the time how bad we be . we know we be not never gonna win . what have I get to respect ? haskins you do not get it , Bobby Joe . the guy look up to you . any one of they would give anything to have you talent . you be my best player . but what do you do ? you act the fool , make it all a joke ... when you could be the leader of this team . Bobby Joe look strike . he reach the bottom and look at haskins . then he bend over and vomit . int . kitchen - haskins kitchen - morning Don sit at the table , read the paper . photo show police officer beat black under the headline : " riot break out in watt " . Mary set down steak and egg and sit across . haskins it 's gettin’ crazy out there . mary honey , I be think . do not you think you be be a little hard on that guy ? haskins you too , Mary ? mary well , you work so hard all the time , sometimes I think you lose sight of what really matter . it 's not like there 's some pot at the end of the rainbow . what 's it all gonna bring , all the pain you be puttin’ that kid through ? haskins they need to be strong . they have no idea what 's out there . now maybe it 's painful . ( more ) 48 . haskins ( cont would ) maybe they hate I for push they so hard . but you have to understand , nobody out there think black kid can play NCAA basketball -- everybody want they to fail . mary they be just kid , Don . what good be win if you break they spirit ? int . shed be room ~ day shed be pack he suitcase , alone , full of turmoil . he turn the shirt in he hand , stare . then he throw it down and turn and walk out . int . memorial gym - later that day the player be gather before haskins . haskins in a few day we open the season . some of you may think that I have be too hard on you this last three month . and maybe I overdid it sometimes . but if I push you , it be to see if you could keep go . if I make you hate I , it be to see you play through that hate . if I be the enemy , it be only to see you bond together as a team . because the enemy -- be out there . the player listen , silent . haskins you spend three month learn to play the enemy 's game on the enemy 's term . you see , out there they think a team like you can not win . they think player like Bobby Joe be not mentally tough enough . that worsley or flournoy will fold under pressure . or lattin will run outta control '' cause he can not think . or that cager do not have the heart to win . ( beat ) so nobody expect we to do a thing this year . we be just Texas western to they . but I expect big thing because I know -- if you just play as the team that I know you can be -- you will beat the enemy 's game . just remember to play -- ( the player chime in , smile ) fundamental , discipline , defensive basketball !... let 's go out there and play Texas western basketball and for the first time -- make that word mean something !! 49 . the guy cheer . haskins turn and see shed walk up to he . shed coach . I can do this . give I one more chance . I want to be a part of this team . haskins . no more ducking ? no more shed in dreamland ? shed no , coach . no more . haskins you get one more chance . shed guess I do not need this anymore . shed hold up the envelope . haskins take it , pull out a blank piece of paper and shred it up . shed you mean - - it be never a real ticket ? haskins you prove I right , shed . shed . I will , coach . I will ! int / ext . series of image - day / night memorial gym ... armstrong hold the ladder as Ross fix the ceiling light . Mary come in with a banner for the miner . armstrong help she and let go . close on ross . he look down , teeter . suddenly he disappear from frame . in the hallway outside lattin and shed 's room ... shed and several other black player be crouch at the vent of the door , crowd each other out , try to get a peek inside . memorial gym ... the player pose for a team photo . everyone grimace a tense smile as the flash white out screen . int . bobby joe 's room - night Bobby Joe and orsten lie in they bed in darkness . orsten I hear you breathin’ . bobby joe I breathe , man . 50 . orsten you nervous about the game ? bobby joe I be not nervous . I be not never nervous . orsten what would coach say to you after the dance anyway ? how come you be still on the team ? bobby joe he say I should be a leader and stuff . orsten that 's funny . bobby joe what 's funny about that ? orsten you know . you a leader . bobby joe that be not funny . why 's that funny ? orsten okay . do not worry about it . ( a silence ) what you think 's gonna happen tomorrow ? bobby joe I do not know . orsten you nervous ? Bobby Joe throw he pillow and hit orsten in the head . int . memorial gym - night superimpose : TEXAS western vs. eastern new mexico fan dot the gym . a brass band play . cheerleader dance the school fight song . oppose eastern new mexico warm up as jud milton , a short , chain - smoking announcer speak into a mike . jud milton this be jud milton , ' Voice of the miner ' comin ' to you from Memorial gym where Texas western will open the season against the greyhound from Eastern New Mexico . ( more ) 51 . jud milton ( cont would ) we will be back for the tip off after this word from the sponsor of miner basketball , Wade Richardson West Texas Furniture emporium ! we hear a jingle . a women 's chorus sing '' who 's the biggest in the furniture business ? Wade rich-ard -son " . int . locker room - same time the player be dress . shed keep look into the gym . shed what time be it , scoop ? be it time ? cager coach '1l let we know . take it easy . flournoy be obsessively tie he shoe . worsley you tie that shoe five time . they put people away for stuff like that . flournoy just makin 's sure it 's right . togo go to Bobby Joe who sit doze , toothpick in he mouth . togo look at he . he 's sleep ! nobody can be that relaxed . the other gather round he , impressed . baudoin that guy have nerve of steel . moe stick he head in and blow he whistle . Bobby Joe wake startle . he see the face around he . bobby joe what you lookin’ at ? int . memorial gym - same time the Eastern New Mexico player stand on the court , all white . jud milton ( v.o. ) this be a night of question . will Don haskins , the little know Oklahoma coach of the Benjamin championship girl team , be able to lift the miner to respectability ? ( more ) 52 . jud milton ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) will the " new look " miner , and I do mean new look , be able to compete on a national level against the country 's top recruit ? the miner enter to a small cheer from the crowd . the stand be half empty . haskins see Mary and the boy . they wave . a referee blows a whistle . stadium anouncer and now you ' Texas western miner 's ! at guard , El paso 's own , David Palacio ! -- ( cheer for the hometown boy ) forward , Jerry armstrong . ( more cheer ) from Detroit , Michigan , guard , Bobby Joe Hill ! ( a surprised silence fall ) from Indiana , forward , Harry flournoy ... at center , David ' Big daddy d' lattin ! in the crowd ... people be look at the black face , murmure , confuse and wary . in the stand ... WADE richardson sit with another booster . WADE richardson we look like the damn tuskeegee Institute out there . all that negros he 's playin’ . just when do we become a black school ? booster guess that ol 's boy get use to doin’ thing he way down in Oklahoma . WADE richardson this be not Oklahoma and he do not write the check at Texas western . Wade Richardson do . and it 's about time he find that out . on the floor ... the announcer speak into the microphone . stadium anouncer El paso ! let 's hear it for you 1965 Texas western miner ! slowly , the crowd break into cautious applause . first half : lattin stand in against the oppose CENTER . tip off go to the miner . the miner break out , but play stiff . Bobby Joe get the ball to orsten but orsten miss . bobby joe what be that , orsten ?! come on ! 53. cager spin off a hook shot but Eastern New Mexico intercept . haskins leap off the bench . haskins what do you think you be play , a zone ?! stick to you man ! worsley ! you be in for Palacio . Texas western be behind 18 - 22 . fan look on , skeptical . on court ... determined , Bobby Joe dish a perfect pass to cager for two . they high five . armstrong hold a hulk forward back . worsley slip under and score . 32-34 TEXAS western . togo leap up , cheer they on , hyperventilate . baudoin togo . stop actin’ like a white man . Bobby Joe dribble through he leg in a dazzle move . in the crowd ... a kid 's mouth drop at Bobby Joe 's play . haskins '' stop showboat , Hill ! series of image : miner battle for every shot . the score stay close . haskins pace the sideline , yell , exhort . jud milton Texas western 's sure play competitive basketball tonight . with coach haskins go against all convention , start three black and two white -- if nothing else they be bound to stand out on the floor this season . final buzzer . TEXAS western 62 -- eastern new mexico 58 . silence , then a huge cheer from EL paso fan . Don slap he player as they run off court . the forward sneer at shed . forward you get lucky tonight , buckwheat . it 's a long season . int . team bus - moving on highway - late day '' shotgun '' by JR . WALKER & the all star . the player celebrate , high - five , sing to the radio . Bobby Joe grab armstrong 's hand in a brother shake , sing . bobby joe / armstrong I say shotgun - - shoot he ' fore he run now ... 54 . cager that be a close one , sweepee . but we have it goin 's on . you see that twenty five footer I put in ? all net , baby . shed he call I buckwheat . cager let he call you buckwheat . cream of wheat . scoreboard be all that count in the end . shed maybe . I guess so . int . bus - traveling - later that night haskins sit in front with Ross . the radio play johnny river '' poor side of town '' . Ross sing along loudly . bobby joe poor side 'a town , right . johnny Rivers white ass would not know the poor side of town if you drop he off in the middle of it . baudoin turn up he radio look at flournoy . we hear bob dylan '' Times they be a change '' . baudoin you hear the new Dylan ? he 's get a social conscience , man . flournoy too bad he can not sing . armstrong bring he radio up front blaring '' the ballad of the Green beret '' by sgt . barry sadler . armstrong check this out ! you guy know this song ? this dude be real talented . worsley a sing sergeant ? only white folk could dig that . he turn up he radio : four top '' reach out I all be there '' . worsley now we get a groove on . 55 . as he lip synch , lattin slowly adjust the volume on he rig radio with giant speaker in the back . lattin you cat gotta get with it , man . he crank rolling stone '' satisfaction '' , drown out the rest . haskins look pain as the song blast through the bus . he exchange a look with Ross who shrug and shake he head . ext . texaco gas station - roswell , nm - later that night a attendant fill up the bus . as black player buy '' coke '' at a vend machine , hot rod pull up with a drunken gang of thug . the leader look at the black guy . leader well , what do we have here ? on cue the thug circle the bus and shake it on its wheel . moe hey ! hey ! cut that out ! the black player come run , but haskins wave they on the bus . the bus rumble to life . moe quickly turn and be the last on the bus as it drive off . int . bus - moment later - the player watch the thug recede in the distance , disturb . flournoy sit by armstrong . he look at he , sarcastic . flournoy Friends of yours , farm Boy ? armstrong ( sneering back ) how do you play with that giant chip on you shoulder ? flournoy frown and move to another part of the bus . ext . commerce , TEXAS - series of image - day the miner 's bus roll into commerce , Texas , home of '' East Texas State University '' . there be cattle truck . Men in stetson linger on street corner . int . arena - east TEXAS state university - that night superimpose : TEXAS western vs. east TEXAS state 56 . the east TEXAS announcers watch , stunne , as the miner field three black player amongst the white in they line up . east TEXAS announcer this ole boy haskins sure be raisin’ some eyebrow playin’ that colored . what 's he get -- three out there ? second announcer jest show you how desperate this program be to get a few win this season . first half : miner battle East Texas . but East Texas muscle in shot the miner can not stop . miner behind 12 ~ 28 . Bobby Joe lose the ball . haskins pace the sideline , aggravate . haskins Bobby Joe ! dammit ! Defense ! what be that ?! a East Texas player trash talk orsten . orsten hesitates and East Texas pick he and score . haskins throw up he hand . haskins keep you head in the game ! the buzzer . haskins look at the halftime score : TEXAS western 30 , east TEXAS 46 . int . locker room - moment later haskins stand with Bobby Joe , alone . haskins what be you do out there ? bobby joe coach . we can not play like this . haskins just stick to the plan , Bobby Joe . bobby joe you want I to be a leader ? how can I lead if you do not let I ? we be handcuff out there . you need to let we loose a little bit . we know all about they game , but we get some game of we own . ( beat ) you make a lot of promise , coach . but you just the same as the rest . Bobby Joe walk off . haskins watch he , frustrated . 57 . int . arena - later second half : miner continue to struggle . score be 38-57 east TEXAS . haskins sit , arm fold , think . stare at the score . watch he player . watch the clock . East Texas score . haskins call a time out and signal Bobby Joe over . haskins you say you can get this do ? bobby joe just give we a little room , coach . haskins alright . i’1l roll the dice on you , Bobby Joe . but just a little room . Bobby Joe grin and nod and run back onto the court . series of image : the miner battle back , look like a new team , Bobby Joe spur each player on , as miner come back . lattin muscle in shot above the rim . Bobby Joe steal ball for lay-up . cager make fly jump hook . Ross pace the sideline , toss he towel . haskins watch everything . shed come on a big man . for a moment he could back down , but he do not , and make the bank shot . even haskins leap up . haskins shed ! you wild man ! that 's the way ! a East Texas guard be all over Bobby Joe . the Guard sneer nasty . but Bobby Joe go into a dribble drive and score . he pass the Guard , grin . bobby joe you drop somethin’ , brother . guard what 's that ? bobby joe a step . as the miner pull ahead , the crowd become more and more hostile . flournoy sky for a rebound and the fan '' boo '' . east TEXAS announcer what be it we be watch here , hank ? 58 . second announcer can not say , Bob . I do not know what 's get into the miner , but East Texas better pull somethin’ out of the hat or commerce be outta business tonight . Bobby Joe score lay up after lay up as the final buzzer sound . scoreboard read : TEXAS western 74 -- east TEXAS 63 . haskins leap off the bench , together with togo , excited . int . miner 's bus - moving - later that night miner celebrate , high five , sing to jame brown , '' papa 's get a brand New bag '' on the radio . haskins watch they . moe look at he and smile . moe look like we get we a team , coach . haskins we just might , squeaky , we just might . ext . galaxy motel - later that night the bus park as the team file in to hostile stare from people in the lobby . the player note it as haskins check in . int . hallway to motel room — later haskins pass a stranger as he fumble for he key . he reach the door and go to unlock it but the door open by itself . inside the room ... haskins enter , on edge . he flip on the light . he look around when something catch he eye . close up : a note on the table . he pick it up : '' you hang out with nigger . people like you get what 's come . '' stay on haskins look of concern . int . cager and shed 's room - later that night cager and shed lounge on the bed when worsley sneak inside . worsley Brothers , you be not gonna believe this ! there 's a party on the edge of town . Bobby Joe meet some chick . chocolate lady . enough to go around . who in ? cager and shed grin at each other and leap up . 59 . ext . outskirt of commerce - later that night a small house under a starry sky . smokey robinson '' ooh , baby baby '' . Cars park outside . figure make out in back seat . int . party house - same a house party underway . the light be low . a table cover in biscuit and rib . shed help himself , lick he finger . shed mmmm-mmmm . almost as good as mama 's . people dance , drink . sofas and chair cover with people make out . worsley dance slowly with a beautiful tall black girl , he head on she chest . lattin kiss a girl in a corner . cager tug a giggle girl toward the door . ext . outside the house - same time the temptation '' papa be a Rolling Stone '' . cager and the girl pass worsley , flournoy and orsten talk , arigging beer . worsley I be tellin’ you , it 's gonna get bad out there . the white racist establishment be not just roll over and make room for we nigger . orsten why . we be just playin’ a game . worsley do not matter . we be breakin’ they rule , brother , and they will come after we for it . but do not mean we have take it . I mean , in New York we do not no shit from white folk . flournoy yeah , but we be not in New York . int . stadium - abilene , TEXAS - night a loud crowd pack the stadium . superimpose : TEXAS western vs. abilene a usher lead a black family to they seat . they follow the usher to the top of the arena , far away from any other people seat . the father take out he ticket . 60 . black father this be not we seat . usher they be now . the huge white crowd chant " abilene ! " , " abilene ! " , " abilene ! ! " . on the floor ... haskins watch all white , athletic abilene warm up with precise and rigorous drill . they coach come up . abilene coach you get some ball takin ' on that boy . I could see playin’ one , but two or three -- that 's like lettin’ . the animal outta the zoo . haskins I do not recall ask you advice . abilene coach I hope you know the risk you be runnin’ . we have rule in this game . unwritten rule . you break ‘em , you might find yourself out of the coach business for good . the coach walk off . haskins gather he player , mad . haskins last game we play great , but abilene be bigger and stronger . just stay focus , stay clear , boy . keep you head in the game and we can win this baby ! on three ! haskins player miner ! 1 ! the player cheer and take the floor for the tip off . moe center. lattin . Guard . hill. forward . armstrong . forward . baudoin . Guard . worsley . game : the buzzer . tip off . miner get a fast start . freed now , they play loose and confident , go deep and play above the rim . Bobby Joe set up score , feed lattin , shed , orsten . abilene just can not keep up . in the stand ... disgruntle abeline fan sneer . first abeline fan that be not basketball . all that fancy jumpin’ like monkey . 61 . second abeliene let ‘em try that against the big boy . they 's 11 be shootin’ circle ' round they coon . half time buzzer : 51 to 46 miner . second half : miner keep scoring , pull out of reach for abilene . a sneering abilene forward , a red-head , clutches the ball tight , and taunt cager with the other in earshot . forward you coach need a special license to bring you spade here ? angry , cager go up for a fly jump-hook , but he lose he bearing suddenly and fall back , lose the ball , shake . the forward quickly make a move for the ball , but shed fight it away from he and score . he do he victory strut as the other high five he . end buzzer . final score : miner 84 to 67 . abilene fan jeer and boo . haskins run from the court , into the locker room tunnel with moe , Ross and the player . fan throw program and half - empty cup of beer as the player duck the onslaught . Inside the tunnel cager and Bobby Joe stop , watch the rain of trash , with grim expression . - cager look at ‘em , man . they hate we . the more we win . the more they hate we . ext . university parking lot - later that night the miner come outside , talk , laugh with haskins and Ross . several drunken abilene fan appear in the darkness , walk past . they see the miner and jeer . drunken fan hey shoeshine , you be in the wrong part of the country ! second drunken fan yeah , goddamn porchmonkey ! why do not you coon play real basketball next time ? flournoy lunge at they and worsley right beside he . worsley I can take ‘em , coach ! 62 . flournoy nobody call I a coon ! I swear , I will take they out --- haskins hold flournoy . the other black player press up . haskins nobody move ! nobody ! flournoy stand , chest heaving . lattin behind he , with Bobby Joe , orsten . they watch the heckler walk off . haskins we get more important thing to think about . we have basketball game to win . let 's win the battle that count . the black player look back at haskins , with dark look . haskins you keep playin’ the way you play , you can keep winnin’ game . do not be thinkin’ about they . they do not matter . bobby joe coach be right . we be okay . right ? the other reluctantly nod . bobby joe come on , team . let 's we go win some game ! we gonna get we some r-e-s- p -e - — ce -t ! find out what it mean to I -- the other join in sing aretha franklin be " respect . player r-e-s-p-e-c-t. take care , tcb . ( shed bellowing : sock it to I , sock it to I , sock it to I , etc. ) a little respect ... int / ext . on the road - game - series of image - day little eva be '' the locomotion '' . intercut the miner take on various team . they suffocate on defense , run the break with dazzle speed , crash the board , win game after game . at the same time intercut image of heckler in the crowd , and skeptical announcers sneering into they microphone . dissolve to : 63 . int . WADE richardson furniture store warehouse - day with a huge elk loom over he large office desk , Wade Richardson sit , address Dr. Ray . WADE richardson for twelve year , I have be a good friend to the university . I support basketball , football , put up the money for the stadium -- always have Texas western in my heart . dr . ray we could not have do any of it without you , Mr. Richardson . Richardson rise and look out at he furniture warehouse . WADE richardson but I get a little problem with this coach haskins and all the color boy he 's playin’ . he 's get three , four of they out there every game . why 's he do that ? he do not need they to win , do he ? dr . ray Mr. Richardson . we be undefeate . WADE richardson it 's not just about win . the miner reflect on my business . when we be just a lose team , we love ‘em anyway . they be we boy . now we get all this negroes from who know where . that be not we boy . now that may be fine for El paso . but I get store in lubbock and amarillo , and we new look do not play real well over there . and that hurt my business . and what hurt my business , hurt the miner , you understand ? dr . ray I can not tell coach haskins how to coach he team . WADE richardson his team ? that team do not have jock strap if I do not pay for they . you tell he to bench that black player or I withdraw my support . and that 's the end of Texas western athletics . understand I ? fade to : 64 . ext . iowa CITY , iowa ~ day the midwest . Green hill , hay bale . barn and weather vane . " God bless America '' sign with flag and smile white people . int . PRESS room - university of iowa - day Don sit with iowa coach , ralph miller , field question . first reporter the a.p. have you at number six , coach Miller . you be undefeate . do you anticipate any problem against Texas western tonight ? coach miller well , they come at you with a little different look , if you know what I mean . ( as the reporter laugh knowingly ) but if we play Iowa basketball , we should be able to pick this one off easy . I be more concerned about Kansas . kentucky . you know . the big school . second reporter coach haskins , as a small school , how do you plan to take on a program with the pedigree of Iowa ? haskins we be just lucky to be playin’ a team with such a great tradition . first reporter coach haskins , you be play a lot of color kid and you have have some success . do you really think negro player be capable win at this level ? haskins I guess that 's why they keep score . int . locker room ~ same time the player be dress . flournoy stand look at the white fan stream into the arena . baudoin stop haskins . baudoin coach , you gonna give I some court time this game ? haskins we will , see , flip . we will see . 65 . ext . hawkeye arena - night miner and hawkeyes warm - up in the pack arena . superimpose : TEXAS western vs. iowa in the crowd ... several black fan take they place , ignore dirty look , try to catch a glimpse of the miner , excited . first iowa announcer Texas western sure have get a lot of attention this season , playin’ he high risk negro ball , but let 's all remember they have yet to play a top program . until tonight . second announcer well , Bob , coach Miller have want to test he bench . it 's safe to say he ' 1ll get he opportunity tonight . int . HOTEL restaurant kitchen - oklahoma - same time reveal herman carr wash dish . a tv play in he view . on screen : Texas western line up for the tip off . a fellow employee flip it to '' Green acre '' . carr stop ! leave the game on ! I know that guy ! int . hawkeye arena —- same time miner win the tip as the hawkeye crowd shake the rafter . miner swarm all over , steal ball , cause turnover . the press corps stare in shock as coach Miller jump , scream , wave he arm in vain . shed lead the way , scoring at will . haskins catch he as he pass by and give he a big clap on the back . shed grin , wide as the iowa announcers sit at they microphone . first iowa announcer the miner sure be play a kind of basketball like we have never see in Iowa . ten minute into the first quarter and the hawkeyes have yet to score a field goal ! I do not know what 's go on here but this Texas western team have silence the crowd at hawkeye Arena and be take apart the number six team in the nation !! 66 . second announcer Iowa just seem unable to counter Texas western 's unique brand of ball . they defense have shut down the hawkeyes . they be get three shot off to every one set shot . shoot deep and take the ball above the rim . look like coach haskins have abandon basketball for street tactic just to gain the upper hand tonight ! int . restaurant kitchen - same time carr have forget he work and cheer each shot . excite , he accidentally knock over a stack of plate , shatter to a thousand piece . fellow worker look at he like he 's crazy . carr you get ‘em ! go inside ! sweet . sweet . int . hawkeye arena - same time orsten score with he trademark sky '' J 's '' . armstrong muscle up to the midwestern boy , not let anybody through . cager and lattin crash the board and thunder home point . iowa announcer time be run out with the score a decisive 86 - 68 , and Texas western be about to make off with the biggest upset in the nation ! Holy Toledo ! the final buzzer sound . the miner leap in each other arm . towa fan be stunne . second iowa annoucer one can only wonder where this will end up ! haskins and he team have put the great tradition of american basketball on notice tonight ! on haskins . reporter crowd he . photographer 's bulb flash . reporter coach haskins . I be with Sports illustrate . we no like to write a article about you team . coach miller , with he coaches , be watch haskins be mobbed . his eye narrow , he arm cross , he look grim . 67 . coach miller he 's gonna get he . he 's not gettin’ away with this . fade to : ext . IHOP restaurant - iowa ~ next morning haskins and team file in . open stare come from other table . they try not to notice and sit . shed hand cager he menu . shed order I some huevo rancheros . cager dude , this be IHOP ! it 's pancake . they get no huevo rancheros here ! shed damn . I be cravin 's some chile . int . restroom - moment later shed push the door open and go inside when he be suddenly grab from behind by two collegiate football type . they pull he into a stall and push he face into the toilet bowl . he sputter and fight , but he be hold down again into water . attacker take you nigger ball back home where you belong before we decorate a tree with you black ass ! they throw he to the ground , sprawling , gasp for air , blink , cough water , and walk out quickly . int . dine room ~ same time the player be place they order to a waitress , as shed come up . his clothes be wet . he be shaking , shell shocked . the waitress stare . it take a moment longer for the player to register . cager and Bobby Joe quickly rise to go to shed . Ross be there a split second later . everyone look shocked . ross what happen ?! what happen to you ?! ext . restaurant - moment later lattin be the first outside . he stand , he face in fury , scan the parking lot and the street for any sign of the attacker . armstrong come up , upset . lattin point . 68. lattin coach -- look . in a palm tree , a huge stuffed animal monkey hang , a noose around he neck , a TEXAS western jersey pull on he . palacio ( walk up ) Holy mother of Jesus ... haskins ( with a dark expression ) get in the bus . go on . right now ! the player look spook . slowly they turn away . cager 's arm be around shed . haskins stand , look around . face tight . int . miner bus - drive - later that day marvin gaye '' Heard it through the grapevine '' . the player sit silent . there be subdued glance from the white to the black player . worsley sit with lattin . he look at he , quiet . worsley Big daddy . you ever get scared ? lattin when I be a kid in Houston , white gang strung I up on a fire escape ' till I peed my pants . I come back down and never take shit from nobody again . fought everybody honky on the block ' till they leave Big daddy D alone . but -- this be different . this be worse . it be not just the neighborhood . this be the whole world . ext . miner ‘s hall - EL paso - late afternoon the miner bus pull up . a crowd of student hold up sign : '' miner number one in our heart '' and '' welcome home miner '' as the player get off . Mary stand with the boy who run and embrace haskins as he appear . Don put he arm around they . several student stop Bobby Joe as he get off the bus . student Texas western ! all the way ! Bobby Joe nod with a faint smile and go inside . none of the player stop to talk to the fan . at the step to the administration building Dr. Ray stand , watch the miner go inside with a serious look . 69 . int . haskins kitchen - later that night haskins be eat soup as Mary come inside with he jacket . mary can we talk ? haskins baby . what be it ? I be tired . she sit down and bring out a hate letter , read , upset . mary ' nigger lover . play that coon and you be a dead man . 's Don . what be you gonna do ?! haskins . nothing . I get that all the time . mary you get they all the time ?! you have to do something ! you have to notify the school ! call the police ! haskins . and let my player see fear ? I can not do that . we can not win afraid . mary win ? why be it always about win ? haskins if I give in to that -- what would I be teach they ? mary this be not some interesting coach lesson , Don . this be about people 's life . you life . you child . me. you can not gamble with people 's life . haskins you do not understand . I promise that boy . we be on we way to win the conference . if we do , we make it to the tournament . we can not stop now . mary but you have get a family , Don ! do you ever think about you family ?! 70 . haskins I '' think of everybody , Mary . I get a big family now . ( reach for she hand ) come on , Mary . I be try , honey . I be try to make you happy . mary I learn a long time ago not to count on my husband for happiness . Mary turn and leave the room . ext . bobby joe' car - mount franklin - that same night Bobby Joe sit with Tina at a make - out spot overlook El paso . a light cross rise atop the juarez mountain . tina you be quiet tonight . bobby joe what ? sorry . just thinkin 's I guess . I be think how I forget what it 's really like in the real world . thing be good in El paso . but when you go out there -- it 's somethin’ else . I never think about what would happen if we actually win . people really hate we for that , you know ? hate we even more . tina it must be hard for you . bobby joe I never let thing bother I before . I always know I could walk away . that how I protect myself . I just say I do not care . ( beat ) but I do care . and that scare I now . if I care about something , if I want something , that mean I could lose it . he look at she . her face be luminous in the moonlight . bobby joe I be talkin’ too much . all this serious stuff be messin ' up we moonlight drive . Bobby Joe turn up the radio and slide close to she . percy sledge be " when a man love a woman " wash over they . 71 . bobby joe I never say this to anyone before , baby , but when I be with you -- I feel just right . Tina put she hand on he mouth and pull he into a kiss . tina Bobby Joe I gotta tell you something '. bobby joe not now , when you lookin’ so fine ... tina Bobby Joe -- I be gonna have a baby . Bobby Joe pull back , shocked . bobby joe a baby ? what ? I - - can not do that right now . not now . do not you understand ? Tina look away , deeply strike , fight tear . bitter . tina sure . I understand . he stare ahead . a long silence . he look at she , awkward . bobby joe you have to understand . I have thing I gotta do . tina do not talk anymore , Bobby Joe . just take I home . he hesitates . then he start the car . they drive off . int . haskins 's office - next day haskins be sit with moe and Ross go over the season schedule when there be a knock . Dr. Ray look in . dr . ray can we talk , Don - - one on one ? moe and Ross look up . haskins nod to they . they get up and leave . Dr. Ray wait until the door have close . haskins what 's go on ? 72 . dr . ray I do not know how to say this . some of the booster be a little concerned . they think you be play -- too many negros in the game . haskins how many negros do the booster want I to play ? one ? two ? what if we lose a game ? then three 's okay ? dr . ray I do not know . you be play more and more of they all the time . haskins I be play my best player . dr . ray you be go against convention . and people be notice , and they do not like it . haskins you mean Wade Richardson do not like it . what do he want from I ? dr . ray he want you to bench the black or he 's pullin’ out of the program . and that mean there 's no more program . haskins we be on we way to win the conference ! I can not change my line up . I have be risk the season . dr . ray look . nobody ever expect you to win like this . it 's already more than we hope for . it 's gotta end somewhere . think of the long run . be it worth the future of the program ? haskins I promise this kid I have give they a chance . I have to play they . dr . ray but you know as well as I do , what you be do just be not do . 73 . haskins I also know we have three more game and we be in the tournament . I be not take away what I promise . we set out to win , and that 's what we be gonna do . dr . ray ( hold he look ) alright , Don . you do it you way . but I can not guarantee anything after this point , not even that you will have a job when it 's all over . haskins that 's a gamble I be gonna have to take . int . flournoy and worsley 's room - day worsley pace , read from a book of malcolm X speech . flournoy why do you keep read that stuff ? they do not care about fancy word out there . worsley word give you power . that 's why you need to learn and graduate . Education give you power . only thing a black man can do be get for himself and get ahead . you want change , you get to change yourself . flournoy all you book . all you education . it 's not gonna help . nothing 's gonna change . there 's a party and we be not never gonna be invite . int . memorial gym — day cager and shed be dress in they street clothes . cager be shoot basket as shed stand by , watch . shed you know , scoop , sometimes I do not even feel like go back out there again . cager ( snap ball at shed ) you can not let they take basketball away . you can not let they win . 74 . shed ( snap ball back ) I just do not know how much more I can handle . I be not like you . all brave . cager swee pee , long as I know you , you be stronger than you think . cager go up for a twist lay - up to the basket . suddenly he stumble . he catch himself , disorient . shed go to he . shed scoop . you alright ? cager nothin 's ! nothin’ , I be fine . shed tell I what 's goin 's on ! cager try to walk but crumple on the floor . shed kneel by he . shed scoop ? Willie ? Willie , man . what 's wrong !? tell I what 's wrong ! fade to : int . dorm hallway - early morning haskins walk in the early darkness , with a tense look . int . cager ‘s dorm room - same time cager stand by he bed , fold he clothes into he suitcase . just then haskins come inside . haskins can we talk ? cager sure . what ' 's up ? haskins how long have you know you have a problem , Willie ? cager I do not know . I start fainting in High School . mamma take I to the doctor and he tell I my heart be too big . ai not that a kick ? 75 . haskins you be a damn fool , cager . why do not you tell I ? you could have die out there playin’ basketball like that . cager my whole life I only love playin’ ball . I could not play in high school . have to work to support my sister , but I never stop playin’ on the street . ' Cause to not play be like lettin’ somethin’ die in I . that be when squeaky tell I you have a place for I . you give I my dream back . gave I another chance . haskins I do not know all that , Willie . cager I can still play . this heart thing be not nothin’ . I live with it this long , I plan on dyin ' a old man with it . let I play , coach . I have gotta play . haskins scoops . I be -- not gonna be able play you anymore . you know that . cager coach . I gotta be out there . I be not afraid ! haskins that 's what I be afraid of . I can not be responsible for what could happen , Willie . much as I want you out there , I can not take the risk . I be sorry . cager look down , crush . haskins put a hand on he shoulder . haskins you be still on the team . we be gonna need you courage -- we need you heart , Willie . ext . miner be hall - TEXAS western - moment later we hear simon and garfunkel , '' the sound of silence '' . the miner be get on the bus . Mary stand with haskins . haskins do not worry , baby . I have wrestle bear , remember ? I always come out alright . 76 . mary this time 's different , Don . there be thing uglier and meaner than bear . Bobby Joe be in the crowd , look for Tina . she appear with a friend . she see he and stop . but she turn away and walk off . Bobby Joe turn to the bus , look conflict . int . plane in flight - day the player sit in silence , each lose in they own thought . close on : Bobby Joe . he stare out the window , a strange , conflict look on he face . ext . airport - ST . louis , missouri - day Don walk with moe , Ross , and the team as a throng of people come toward they . light be flash . reporter . adolph rupp , a short , intense man in he 60' , stride with a entourage of coaches and he kentucky wildcats . he have a aura of celebrity about he as he wear a tight smile . outside the window we see kentucky be own private plane with the kentucky wildcat emblem on the side . rupp see haskins and the miner and keep a cool look . he stop as haskins approach . the miner head to baggage claim and the wildcat to check - in . haskins reach out he hand . haskins coach rupp . it 's a honor to meet you . I be Don haskins . I coach Texas -- adolph rupp I know who you be . and I know you team . haskins I can not tell you what it mean to I to ' meet you , coach . I have learn a lot from watch you over the year . rupp last I look at the poll , maybe too much . haskins we still get a long way to go . rupp look at haskins 's team . Black and white face stare back . angle on bobby joe , orsten , and flournoy . 77 . bobby joe be that who I think it be ? orsten the man himself . flournoy I do not think that white man like we . angle on rupp and haskins . rupp that take a lot of nerve , signin 's all they color boy . haskins I get the best player I could . rupp you do a little more than that . you be shakin’ thing up , coach . haskins maybe thing need a little shakin’ . rupp people do not like thing shook up . ( intensely ) be careful , boy . you be dealin’ with life . good people 's life . ( look back at he team ) good luck . maybe I nil see you down the line . haskins watch as rupp walk off . int . tulsa arena - oklahoma - night the stand be jamme and the crowd be raucous . superimpose : TEXAS western versus . university of tulsa int . coach office - visiting locker room - same time Bobby Joe stand across from haskins , look nervous . bobby joe coach , I get something to tell you . and you be not gonna like it . 78 . haskins what you do this time ? get a girl pregnant or something ? haskins wait . finally Bobby Joe nod and look down . haskins no! damn it ! Bobby Joe ! damn it ! you do not ! what be you think ?! Bobby Joe meet haskins look . haskins ' jaw flexe , furious . bobby joe I be sorry , coach . I let you down . I let the team down . I know what the rule be . I know I can not stay on the team . haskins so you be just gonna walk away ? bobby joe no ! I do not want to ! I mean , this team mean everything to I . for the first time in my life I feel like I be commit to something . but -- ( beat ) you tell I I need to be a leader and a man . well , that 's not just on the court . it have to be off it , too . I be gonna marry she , coach . I be gonna be a father . even if it mean leave the team . haskins alright , okay . let 's slow down a minute . let 's think about this , Bobby Joe . no need to rush into anything . I mean , you know -- ( try to sound light ) well , there be probably a couple way we can do this . now you could leave the team and all that -- or -- I could -- hell , I could get you some housing . nothin’ fancy . but I could help you -- get you set up . Bend the rule a little bit . let you stay on the team and play . bobby joe you would do that for I ? haskins yeah . for you . and -- twenty three point a game ... eleven assist . 79 . bobby joe ( grin ) thanks , coach . haskins that do not mean I be gonna let you forget this . you be a pain in the ass , you be a reckless , irresponsible , self - center son-of - a- bitch -- ( he voice soften ) you be just like I . ( beat ) God , you get on my nerve . bobby joe ( slap he on the shoulder ) I love you , too , coach . haskins you get out there right now . understand ? int . locker room -. same time - the player have be eavesdropp and jump back as the door open . haskins look at they . Bobby Joe just behind he . haskins what ya all lookin’ at ? they shake they head mute . there be a SOUND above haskins head . he look up . baudoin crouch in the rafter , stark naked , he jock strap on he head . haskins glower , wry . haskins and you wonder why I do not play you more . ( look around ) now get on court . all of you . come on . int . tunnel - tulsa' arena - moment later the player run into the arena . fan cup they hand and shout , they face twisted . first tulsa fan oreo , you belong on the plantation ! second tulsa fan hey , spook , it 's huntin ' season . third tulsa fan hey , you better watch you black ass after the game . we know how to take care of runaway nigger . 80 . haskins gather he player . flournoy be rattle . flournoy one more honkey motherfucker shoot he mouth off , I be go in the stand . armstrong why do you listen to they ? flournoy you do not know what you be talk about , farm Boy ! armstrong you think you be the only one get crap shove in you face ? we be traitor out there . niggerlovers . we be not even white . haskins cutit out ! both of you ! nobody react ! you understand !? nobody react to they ! now let 's get go ! in the stand ... the number of black fan be grow . they hold sign and banner , '' go miner ! '' and '' we Love we team ! '' . game : the miner struggle , spook by the hostile crowd . score be tie . Bobby Joe in - bound to shed , but shed be nervous and a tulsa player pick he for a score . haskins what be you doin ' out there , shed !? come on ! do not back down ! find the open man ! get back on d! block out ! baudoin toss a bad pass to Bobby Joe and Tulsa steal the ball . the official call a foul on Bobby Joe . haskins rant . haskins what the hell s’that call ?! huh ?! you get eyeball in you head ?! the official tell haskins to back off . but he step up , threaten . the official call a technical fourl on haskins , gesture to stay back . haskins take another step . the official call another T. Ross pull haskins back to the bench . haskins pull himself free and walk to the other team 's side of the court and sit down by the surprised Tulsa coach . tulsa coach uh -- coach ? you be on the wrong -- 81 . haskins Hell . I like the view on this side better . int . haskins home — same time Mary watch the game on tv with she four boy around she . youngest boy there 's daddy . MARK be he mad ? he look mad . mary he 's not mad . he 's just a -- stubborn , stubborn man , that 's all . int . tulsa arena - oklahoma - later a Tulsa player trip lattin at the basket . they fall . the referee call the foul on lattin . lattin charge in anger . lattin he trip I ! he mean to do it ! the referee now call technical foul on lattin . haskins lattin . take the bench ! lattin coach !-- haskins take the bench ! now ! lattin throw himself down on the bench , rattle . haskins come up to he , furious . haskins you never let you anger get the better of you again , you understand ? lattin coach , same thing happen to you . they be all against we ! it 's bullshit out there ! haskins you get nail for a dirty play ! it be not fair ! but this be not about fairness ! we be not gonna get any break . you wanna be the best ? ( more ) 82 . haskins ( cont would ) you gotta be better than they ! you gotta hold yourself together ! there may come a time when you can use all that anger . but I 'il tell you when that be . understand I ? lattin look at haskins . he nod . last quarter : time run out . miner pull away from Tulsa . final buzzer sound . final score : TEXAS western 82--tulsa 77 . int . PRESS room - later haskins stand in midst a push throng of reporter . first reporter coach haskins , you and kentucky , the number one team in the country , be now the only two undefeate team ... with one game to go in the regular season . do you really think you team -- a team make up mostly of -- kid from the street , can compete with a team like adolph rupp 's ? haskins , I only care about make the tournament and advance as far as we can . if we do not play better than we do tonight , that will not be very far . second reporter you have be play you color boy more each game . be you at all concerned about whether the negro ball player can handle the pressure of play at a national level ? haskins . no sir , I be not . as long as we play defense and score , we will win basketball game . third reporter people want to know . what kind of statement you be try to make by play so many color boy ? haskins I be a basketball coach . I do not make statement . the reporter keep shouting question but haskins walk out . 83. int . tulsa HOTEL - hallway - later that night the player walk the dingy hallway . shed and cager open they door . across , flournoy , worsley open they door . flournoy go inside , when he stop in he track , shocked . the room have be deface with animal blood . blood all over the bed , cast out in bucket . blood on the floor . on the wall . the word '' niggers die '' scrawle in blood . lattin be behind flournoy , whimper , shaking . lattin oh god , oh god ... worsley support lattin as he break down . in the bg we hear : cager Ross ! coach ! hurry ! shed and cager 's room . Furniture have be overturn . blood cover floor and wall . haskins stand look with Ross . haskins moe , get we check out . Ross talk to management . how do this happen ? he look at the player . they stare at he in rage and shock . haskins okay , listen . we be goin’ to Seattle tonight . we will just get outta here . we will be alright . just remember that . okay ? we be okay . we just have to get outta here . we will be okay ... but he voice falter . the black player look back at he . there be a strange look in they eye . dissolve to : int . plane to seattle - night the flight be a somber , silent . everyone stare ahead . int . lobby - seattle HOTEL - that night the player file in . a bellman come up to flournoy . he reach out to take he bag . flournoy pull it back . flournoy I take my own bag , thanks . he walk off . haskins watch the other black player follow . 84 . int . outside the HOTEL - next morning haskins stand look out over the bay . Ross come up . ross what you standin’ here for ? haskins I do not know , Ross . sometimes I wonder - ~ what be I get this guy into ? ross a dream you promise they . that 's what . haskins my whole life I have think of nothin’ but winnin’ . and I get this boy winnin’ alright . but -- be it for they -- this whole thing ? or be it just for I ? ross it 's for everybody . everybody gain . haskins but at what cost ? it 's hard enough to play the game at this level , but to ask they to withstand all that -- how can I ask they to take on all that go with it ? ross you do the right thing , sonny . haskins I do not know , Ross . I do not know . int . seattle HOTEL - dine room - same time shed , orsten , worsley , cager , lattin and flournoy sit at a table . they have a silent , lock in look . togo and armstrong walk in , with myer and Palacio . togo and armstrong move to the table of black player . nobody look up . armstrong you get some room there ? flournoy why do not you take another table ? armstrong Fine . come on , guy . let 's go . 85 . togo follow they , glance back at the black player , upset . armstrong indicate to Palacio and myer . they sit together , glance back , talk amongst themselves . int . arena - university of seattle - that night superimpose : TEXAS western vs. seattle the player stand apart from each other . haskins eye the crowd . Ross pace . moe read he roster of starter . jud milton ( v.o. ) with number one kentucky lose yesterday , the Miracle miner have a chance to do the seemingly impossible in they final game of the regular season ... thrill the heart of they dedicated El paso fan by become the nation 's only undefeate team and rise to the top of the poll over adolph rupp 's fable wildcat . series of image : lattin in against Seattle . he lose the tip . immediately , the player play divide . flournoy ignore armstrong 's signal and pass to orsten , but orsten lose the ball . haskins pace , watch they struggle . it 's clear the team have become fracture . all of the outside and internal pressure be crippling they , in the crowd , there be group of black fan , on they foot , cheer , groan , reacting to the miner lose game . on court , Bobby Joe pass to shed . armstrong be too slow and two Seattle big men suffocate shed and cause a three second violation . Bobby Joe lay into armstrong who walk away . Seattle nail jumper over orsten and worsley . Bobby Joe 's man beat he off the dribble . the half -time buzzer sound . the miner be behind : 36 to 39 . Ross throw he towel down as Bobby Joe fumble a dribble and throw out of bound . jud milton ( v.0 . ) it 's hard to say what have get the undefeate miner struggle as much as they be today . but they seem to have lose they shoot touch , particularly Bobby Joe Hill . he may be ' no sweat 's Hill , but he 's sweat now . later : haskins be on the bench , frustrated . at another score for Seattle , Ross jump off the bench , yell at referees , as he toss he towel in the air . it land on the head of a referee , who throw he out of the game . 86 . last minute : miner make a final push . the team trade basket . Bobby Joe be foule . miner down by one . two second to go . Bobby Joe step to the line . milton ( v.o . ) Texas western 's perfect season come down to Bobby Joe Hill . the Texas western star have struggle all night , but he can redeem himself with two free throw now . Bobby get into position . he set and fire . the ball swirl inside the rim , pop out and fall to the ground . haskins turn away . the buzzer . Seattle rush the floor . the miner stand stunne . Bobby Joe look shell - shocked . final score : seattle 74 . TEXAS western 73 . the team file out as a tv announcer speak into the camera . sport announcer the cinderella miner have a chance at a perfect season and a shot at unseat powerhouse kentucky for the number one spot in the nation , but tonight 's loss drop they down to number three and raise the question again about whether this team , and its unorthodox line up , be a legitimate contender for the NCAA championship . int . locker room - same time the player be get out of they jersey . there be a tense , divide silence in the room . haskins come inside . haskins you stink out there ! squeaky could have play better D than you do tonight ! and where the pick 's shed ? you be runnin ' scared just like the old shed ! maybe y’all think that undefeate record mean something . maybe you think you could sit back and waltz you way into the goddamn tournament . well , I get news for you . you keep play like you do tonight , you might as well unpack you bag , ' cause you be not goin ' nowhere ! orsten you think basketball 's everything , coach . but that 's easy for you to say . you do not have redneck cracker get in you face all the time . 87 . haskins what be you talk about ? flournoy I know . you do not get it . none of you . you be all the same . baudoin hold on , man . not all white people be like that people , man . flournoy yeah , who 's different ?! baudoin I be different ! all of we here ! flournoy that 's a nice rap , man . but you do not have people breakin’ into you room . attackin 's you like they do shedyman . what do you know ? baudoin you think we have not have heat come down on we ? you think it have not be hard be on this team ? flournoy well , do not be doin 's I any favor . baudoin you do not know what it 's like to have to take a back seat for you all the time . it 's like we do not even count . flournoy yeah , and we have to pull you along like some weight around we neck . moe stop it ! you stop this right now ! the player push against each other . shed look at haskins . shed coach , we do not wanna win if it mean be treat like dirt . it 's not worth it . if that 's what it take , we do not wanna do this anymore . 88 . togo what be you talk about ? you guy wanna bag the season with the tournament about to start ?! we work too hard to quit now . , flournoy who work so hard ? who take all the shit out there to get it do ? armstrong last time I check we be a team . flournoy ( shove armstrong ) get outta my face , Farmer ! lattin no. stop it , man . ross peckerhead ! settle down , now ! flournoy you be always talkin’ to we like we just gotta go along with the program . ignore all that stuff . just take it . you do not know what it 's like ! none of you ! there be a long silence . haskins look around the room . haskins for a whole season we have be a team . this be the first time I have see you break apart . and over what ? because a few in this room have forget why they be here . haskins look at every one of the black player . haskins it be not so you would just warm the bench of a white team . it be not so you could make the play while other get the eredit . it be because you want a chance to show what you could do on a basketball court , no matter what you color , no matter what some cracker coach or some white trash fan say . it be so you could stand on that center stripe after spilling you blood and have the world say -- there go a man . there go a basketball player ! 89 . flournoy but , coach , they have take we dignity away . what kind of man let he dignity get take away ? haskins . dignity ? no one can take something away from you that you do not give they . you dignity be inside you . and no one can take it away . you can only give it up . ( he look each in the eye ) it 's you choice . you can walk away , or walk through the fire and grab it all . but iff you walk away , you 'il never know if you could have stand on that center line . on the player 's silent face . smash to : ext . lubbock municipal stadium - lubbock , TEXAS - night cameras flash . miner shove through a police line , a hostile crowd , push , yelling epithet . a NBC tv announcer speak . first NBC announcer ( v.0o . ) the NCAA tournament get off to a rip roaring start as the Cincinnati bearcat take on the upstart Texas western miner ... int . lubbock arena - moment later superimpose : NCAA tournament midwest final TEXAS western versus . kansas fan yell . School band play . the clock be readied . the NBC announcer look into a camera . first announcer ( cont ’d ) while the Texas western club have certainly turn head across the country with its roster of seven negro player it 's safe to say that Don haskins 's noble experiment should end tonight against the seven time Missouri Valley Conference champ . 90 . second announcer ( v.o. ) that 's right , Bob ! the combination of a weak schedule and the fact that haskins be rely on negro player who -- while great pure athlete -- lack the leadership , the intellect and heart to play basketball at a championship level , will likely spell a early exit from the tournament . ext . ticket booths ~- lubbock arena - day a long line of ticket buyer be cue up . a handful of the face in the waiting crowd be black . White people eye they . int . miner 's locker room - same time haskins and the miner huddle , head bow and hand clasped . cager Lord . we have be pull at . torn . we have doubted ourselves as man and as player . thank you for keep we together . see we through , no matter what the obstacle , no matter how high the mountain . amen . the team cheer and rush out . flournoy and armstrong be the last one leave . they exchange a awkward look . int . arena - moment later a capacity crowd in the arena . a lone tall , black player for Kansas , jo - jo white , warm up with he all white team . first announcer ( v.o. cont 'd ) led by all - american jo - jo White and the biggest front line in the tournament , the number six jayhawks be , with Duke , the odd - on favorite to challenge adolph rupp and the kentucky wildcat for college basketball 's holy grail ! the miner enter the arena and explode into showtime as Bobby Joe do dazzle pass , shed streak for a lay - in and lattin jam one home . a ripple of shock pass through the crowd . flournoy see jo - jo White 's look of surprise . flournoy brother look lonely . orsten yeah . he do . 91 . haskins stand on the floor clap he hand and exhort he player as cager , fully suite up , come out of the tunnel and onto the court . haskins catch he in he arm . haskins what the hell you doin’ , scoops ? cager I gotta play , coach . I gotta play . in whatever way . I gotta play . haskins damn it , cager . I will play you . only off the bench , five minute at time . no exception . cager grab a ball and drive for a lay - up and score . the miner fan leap to they foot and cheer . game : kansas fan chant the Kansas fight song as Bobby Joe streak up court against jo-jo white . he snap a pass to orsten who launch a 20 - footer that slashes through the net . haskins pound he program in he hand and bark command , as jo - jo White bring the ball up . the game be tie at 40 . he toss the ball into one of Kansas 's forward , a big , nasty look farm kid . as armstrong move in to put a body on he , the Kansas forward smirk into armstrong 's face . kansas forward you shower with all they nigger ? armstrong you can just go to hell ! the ' forward elbow armstrong 's gut . armstrong double over . haskins that be flagrant ! I want a t! Kansas score . shed charge to the Kansas forward , enraged . shed what be that shit , huh ?! forward get outta my face , eightball . shed suddenly unload a vicious right hook , drop the Kansas giant . the referee jump in and signal shed out of the game . haskins scream at the official . lattin look between the bloody Kansas player and shed , impressed . 92 . lattin Way to go , shadow ! shed leave to a chorus of boos , pass haskins , who grin . haskins shed , you wild man . later in game . game be close by two point . Bobby Joe be get everybody , cager , worsley , lattin and orsten , into the action . but Kansas and jo - jo White stay with they . the jayhawks bring the ball up , less than a minute to play . haskins look at the score . jayhawks ahead 81 - 80 . it look bad but Bobby Joe pick Kansas ' Center and lobs a pass to cager who fly through the air and score . the crowd go wild . first announcer ( v.o. ) Willie cager save the day ! refuse to go down , Texas western have beat the powerful jayhawks ! final score : TEXAS western 81 , kansas 80 . the Kansas fan stand silent , in a state of utter shock . first announcer ( v.o . ) in what can only be describe as the game of the year the Texas western miner continue to defy the odd and the wisdom of the expert ... - - as they win the Midwest championship and move on to maryland and the final four !... as 8,000 spectator file out , the black miner fan chant '' we be number 1 ! " , hold sign : '' twc : maryland , here we come !!! '' second announcer ( v.o. ) well , Bob , whatever else happen , the miner seem to be play for something more than just the final score . something bigger than basketball . and Don haskins -- he look like a shoe - in for ' coach of the Year 's honors . int . miner boeing 707 - day Don walk past player read a '' Sport illustrate '' headline '' break the barrier '' . a crowd of rowdy booster and fan be also on the plane . haskins shake hand as Wade Richardson come up , hand outheld , '' Sports illustrate '' in he hand . WADE richardson Don haskins , you ol 's sonofabitch ! have you read it already ? have you ?! 93 . haskins yes , sir , I have read it . WADE richardson it say here -- ' the selfless support of Texas western 's booster , Wade Richardson , which have make this break - out team 's rise a true phenomenon in the sport world . 's haskins they get you down , sir . do not they ? WADE richardson Hell , Don haskins . you forget all that stuff I say before . I be sellin’ more dinettes than the last four year combine . you ol 's sonofabitch ! you really do it ! we be goin’ to the final four !! listen , I want to ask you a favor . Richardson grab he 12 year - old son and push he forward . WADE richardson I have sure appreciate it if Wade Jr. could sit with y’all durin’ the game . haskins ( beat ; peer at junior ) you a basketball fan , junior ? junior I sure be , sir ! haskins you can sit with we anytime , boy . junior beam . haskins pat he on the shoulder and walk on . ext . HOTEL - college park , maryland - day haskins and he player , dress in suit and tie , push through newspapermen and photographer , into a posh hotel , as white heckler taunt they from behind a police barricade . first heckler you come to the wrong part of the country , nigger boy ! second heckler this be the South . we do not cotton to no uppity colored messin’ with we basketball ! worsley look at cager as they pass to safety . 94 , worsley where 's malcolm 's black ass when you need he ? int . baltimore PRESS club - later that night rupp sit beneath a banner : '' Sports writer of America '' . the host address two hundred dinner guest , mostly reporter . host it be my great privilege to announce this year 's winner of the 1966 '' NCAA coach of the Year ... '' int . haskins room - same time haskins sit eat dinner with Mary , watch the telecast . int . baltimore PRESS club - same time host ( cont ’d ) winner of five National championship , on he way to a sixth , I give you the Baron of bluegrass , adolph rupp ! the crowd burst into applause as rupp wave to the crowd . int . shed 's room - same time the player watch as rupp be hand a impressive trophy . shed that 's coach 's trophy , man . int . baltimore PRESS club - same time a reporter rise and take the microphone . reporter a few question , Mr. rupp ! rupp what , you lure a ol 's man here with wine and food just so you can ask a few more question ? reporter indulge I , Mr. rupp . more and more , we be see negro player on team . how be it in you nearly 40 year at kentucky , you nve never recruit a single black player ? 95 . int . player room - same time all the miner , black and white , stop eat , mid-mouthful . rupp anybody can go to New York City and find five color boy who can jump . but basketball be about a hell of a lot more than runnin’ and jumpin’ . it take intelligence , skill and heart . reporter so you would never ~ - under any circumstance -- recruit a negro ? rupp ( grin cocky ) last I check , I win four National title without one . Way I figure , I must be doin’ somethin’ right . as rupp 's admire crowd laugh and applaud , the Texas western player look at each other , silent . int . miner team bus - the next morning haskins and the team sit silent , head for cole field house , home of the final four . over the radio , they hear : radio ( v.0 . ) while today 's semifinal game between Texas western and Utah be widely see as a battle for third place in the tournament , the arrival of Don haskins 's Texas western team have stir up the basketball world , particularly south of the mason dixon line ... the bus turn toward Cole field House , as white - face redneck sprint forward , toss huge chunks of watermelon , landing with a violent thud and leave ominous red streak on the window . shed I know we be suppose to use we anger , coach , but sometimes I - -- the player see a astonish sight , pull up to the entrance : a throng of black men , women and child , line the entrance to Cole field House , chant '' go miner ! go miner !! '' shed -- sweet Jesus ! 96 . the white miner look at they black teammate and see how move they be by the spontaneous show of solidarity . stepping out the black player receive cheer and slap on the back . a old black woman step up to the huge lattin . old woman I come all the way from macon . I do not watch no basketball . but when you play -- you be playin’ for all of we . you understand I ? you be playin’ for we . int . miner locker room - cole field house ~- a hour later haskins stand at a chalkboard , diagramm with play . haskins you think jo - jo White be tough , tonight we have get the best player in the tournament to deal with . if we stop Jerry Chambers , we stop Utah . give I a circle . clasp hand with player ) tonight , you be play in a special building . the ghost of champion be everywhere in this goddamn place . I just want you to know -- you belong in this building . no matter what anybody say . you belong here . on three ! Bobby Joe look at haskins and then at he teammate . bobby joe let 's get this for coach haskins . coach of the Year ! all for coach !! as the player run out , haskins stand speechless , move . int . cole field house - later that afternoon venerable Cole field House be pack to the gill . photographer cameras flash from behind each basket . superimpose : NCAA national championship TEXAS western versus . utah tv cameras cover the action from all angle as flournoy try to keep with Utah 's only black player , jerry chamber . 97 . first announcer ( v.o. ) Texas western be get a piece of its own medicine tonight as it try to corral consensus all american Jerry Chambers ... the 6 '4 '' forward be unstoppable as he blow past flournoy for a run hook . the crowd , mostly pro Utah , explode . haskins look up at the scoreboard which show the miner trail 35 - 33 and lose momentum fast . second announcer ( v.o. ) look at Chambers ! such raw athletic ability ! he 's the perfect compliment to he white teammate who provide the leadership and poise necessary for victory . haskins look down the bench , try to find a answer for Chambers before he cause more harm . he look at cager . haskins scoops - - get in there . cager run out and flournoy head for the bench . flournoy sorry , coach . I can not keep up with he . haskins watch Bobby Joe dump a pass off to orsten who cut the lane and score . the ute get the ball back to Chambers who score easily on cager . he be jtoo quick and powerful . late in the game . the Texas western fan watch , bleakly , as Chambers light up the net with another 20 footer . first announcer ( v.0 . ) the miner of Texas western be on the verge of elimination as neither nevil shed or Willie cager can stop Jerry Chambers . second announcer ( v.o. ) that 's right . Chambers have light the miner up for 28 tonight . at this point it look as if Don '' the bear '' haskins have finally run out of answer . haskins look at the clock : fourteen minute remain . miner down by eight . haskins , desperate , scan he bench . haskins armstrong - - can you stop that kid ? 98 . armstrong coach , I may just be a hog farmer . but one thing I can do be cover a man . haskins send armstrong out . Chambers look at armstrong surprised . he take the ball into the lane , but armstrong step right at he , smother he . off balance , Chambers unload the ball which be pick off by worsley who streak in for two . the clock drain away and the miner start chant '' farmer , farmer , farmer !!! '' . Chambers get the ball , but armstrong suffocate he , lay he body out to take charge , knock the ball away and dive on the hardwood , get the loose ball . int . thelmam steakhouse - missouri - same time Jerry 's father sit with several farmer , watch a television over the bar , root for the game , excited . armstrong father do you see that ?! that 's my boy ! that 's my boy ! int . cole field house - same time the miner blitzkrieg , fill the net with outside shot by orsten , daredevil drive by Bobby Joe , and slam by lattin . as the final buzzer sound , the scoreboard show TEXAS western 85 , utah 78 , the miner lift armstrong on they shoulder . he grin , astonished at the attention . haskins be be hugge by moe , nodd he approval at the player . first announcer ( v.o. ) no fan , it 's not a mistake . the scoreboard be work . Texas western 's improbable season continue as they beat Utah and advance to the championship of college basketball ! flournoy pass armstrong with a nod . flournoy Way to play , man . armstrong look surprised . file off the court , Bobby Joe and other black miner be stop by Jerry Chambers , sweat run down he face . chamber go all the way , man . take down that championship net . 99 . int . haskins 's HOTEL room - that night Don sit with Mary watch adolph rupp exhort he player during the kentucky - Duke semi-final . announcer ( v.o. ) there 's no doubt that the real NCAA final be tonight as perennial NCAA powerhouse Duke go up against adolph rupp 's four time National Champion kentucky . haskins guess we might as well not show up tomorrow . I be just a coach from enid , Oklahoma . what be I thinkin’ of ? mary do not talk nonsense , Don . that 's not true . Don shrug and take a drink as kentucky head to victory . announcer ( v.o. cont 'd ) kentucky 's 's all - american guard Louis dampier bring the ball up . spot Pat riley , the wildcat 's lead scorer , in the corner . he shoot ! it 's good ! kentucky be on it 's way to a unprecedented fifth National championship ! ext . garden brunch - HOTEL - the next day a lavish brunch for the wife of coaches , team booster and tournament vip . Mary sit at a table , alone . kentucky wife in chiffon and elaborate hat , make a startling contrast to Mary who be dress in a simple , but attractive red dress . one of the kentucky booster wive sip a mint julep and talk in shocked tone to she fellow southern friend . first kentucky wife it 's just awful that they be let that team full of negroes play . second kentucky wife how that horrible man would be willing to play that colored . it 's a disgrace to the tournament , that 's what it be . first kentucky wife well , they will be hand a lesson tomorrow they will not soon forget . ( look at Mary ) and where be you from , sweetheart ? 100 . mary El paso , Texas . I be marry to that horrible man you be just talk about . the woman turn white and quickly move off . a kind face woman in she sixty come up to Mary . kind face woman do not listen to they . they have not the sense they be bear with . mary no , I guess they have not . kind face woman ( extend she hand ; smile ) my name be esther . esther rupp . Mary look surprised and take she hand , smile slowly . but she eye grow troubled again and trail back to the other , as they chatter snidely between themselves . int . PRESS room - sheraton HOTEL - later reporter and photographer pack a crowded press room . haskins and moe head to the interview stand under a banner that read '' NCAA National championship '' . suddenly adolph rupp appear beside he . haskins extend he hand . haskins coach -- I have a funny feel I would be see you again . rupp look at haskins . instead of the open , amiable man at the airport , he have he game face on . rupp that right ? well , enjoy it while you be here , fella . ai not gonna see it again . haskins be stung by rupp 's naked gamesmanship . he stand beside he at the interview stand , he jaw tight . flashbulb blind he as reporter fire off they question . first reporter Mr. haskins -- how do you plan to stop Louis dampier and Pat riley ? haskins how be they gonna stop Bobby Joe Hill and David lattin ? 101 . rupp sound like the coach be pretty excited ' bout that win he get out west . but at kentucky , we do not much worry ' bout the man in the other uniform . we just play kentucky basketball . a second reporter rise and look at rupp . second reporter coach , you have be around this game a long time . you be college basketball . how do you feel about the racial make - up of the Texas western team ? rupp you mean that texans from the wide open space of New York , Detroit and Indiana ? laughter . then rupp 's eye fill with ominous hatred . rupp ( cont ) I learn this game at the foot of Dr. naismith in the cradle of basketball . I have be coachin’ it near on forty year and the one thing I know be this : there be not no five nigger that can beat five white boy in the great game of basketball ! you hear I ? no damn nigger ! so you write that down . put it on the front page . and you tell they you hear it from adolph rupp . ext . cole field house - later that night haskins stand outside the arena , a lone figure on the street , stare up at the huge billboard of a smile coach rupp and he wildcat light up over the empty parking lot of Cole field House . moe stand at a distance , listen as haskins talk . haskins 's voice be hoarse . haskins he 's a great coach . greatest there ever be . I always admire he . measure myself against he . if I could just be like coach rupp . the big man . moe look down , uncomfortable . haskins but maybe -- maybe the big man 's still get a thing to learn about basketball . about boy that be playin’ for more than just a damn championship . 102 . he turn to moe . haskins call the player , moe . tell they to meet I at the arena . now . int . armstrong and shed 's room - same time armstrong and shed lie in darkness , stare at the ceiling . armstrong you asleep , shadow ? shed naw . can not . armstrong my dad call . say everyone in town 's goin’ to thelma 's steakhouse to watch the game tonight . he say he be proud of I . he be not never say that before . I never think I have hear he say that . shed you 'il show he , Farmer . you will ... my folk be drivin’ down to the game with Willie 's parent . my old man 's comin’ , too . he be always a baseball fan , but I think he 's finally likin 's basketball . armstrong no kiddin’ , shadow ? I will be . int . flournoy and lattin 's room flournoy be wide awake , as lattin try to sleep . flournoy talk to my folk tonight . they be take some savings and flyin’ out for the game . lattin that 's nice , flo , but there 's a game tomorrow and I would like to get some sleep . flournoy you know -- I almost do not come here because of a piece of pie . I be ready to give up every dream I ever have because that man eat my piece of pie . Harry smile to himself , the first we have see , and turn to lattin who be snore soundly . 103 . int . worsley and cager n's room - same worsley sit in bed , arm behind he head . cager be doze . worsley I never think I have care this much . it be always just a game to I . just a way out to somewhere else . I never think it could change anything . but now -- feel like a lot more than a game . cager I know what you mean , brother . feel like my whole life right now . the phone ring . worsley look at cager . worsley pick it up . int . bobby joe' room - same time orsten look at Bobby Joe , whose eye be close . orsten how can you sleep , dude ? bobby joe I be not sleepin’ . I be thinkin’ about stuff -- about Tina - - how much I love she and all that . orsten yo , man ! we playin’ for the National championship and you thinkin’ about some mushy stuff ?! I be go to sleep in Big daddy D 's room , you keep on like that . at that moment , the door open and worsley look inside . worsley coach want to see we as Cole field House . hurry . int . cole field house - moment later haskins stand across from seven sleepy black player in the eerily empty gym . his face be full of angry emotion . haskins my whole life , all I ever care about be win . make my team the best they could be . I never care about who I have to play , long as my player have the best chance to win . but all that change today . ( look at each player ) ( more ) 104 . haskins ( cont would ) it change because coach rupp do not think you belong here simply because of the color of you skin . he think because you look different than he you be go to lose the National championship . now from what I know about you boy , I know that 's a load 'a bull . and I intend to show that good ‘ol boy just what I think . the player look at each other , a charge go through they . haskins so , I have make a decision tonight . haskins face be fill with deep emotion . his eye dart . haskins I ''m only go to play you tomorrow in the final game . just you . there be a stunne silence among the player . haskins it 's you game . I have make that decision because there 's --... haskins voice crack . he get himself under control . haskins -- there 's more to this game than just win . the player look shocked and emotional . haskins that 's - ~ that 's all I have to say . ( beat ) you show they tomorrow . the world 's watchin’ you . he turn and walk out , he player watch he go , stunne . ext . cole field house - player entrance - the next day miner bus pull up . a crowd of kentucky fan presses on police barricade . miner step from the bus , with duffle bag . they endure a barrage of ugly racial epithet . a corpulent woman spit on lattin . hood klansmen threaten haskins . klansman you want to be the first white man lynched since the Civil War - - you go on and play they nigger . 105 . haskins and the miner walk past , silent . int . HOTEL kitchen - same time herman carr sit with kitchen staff and friend , gather around a tv , watch the image we have just see , excited . carr come on . turn it up . turn it up . ext . cole field house - day flournoy 's parent push through a throng of people , arm around each other , to a security line at the press entrance . wait groupy and fan crowd around . a guard stop they . Mr. flournoy pull out he wallet and identification . flournoy's father . we be the parent of one of the miner . flournoy . you have a pass for we ? the security guard check he clipboard as people stare from all around . the guard nod and allow they through . int . miner' locker room - cole field house - later the team be get dress into miner orange and white , as Ross stand at the chalk board and address the player . ross kentucky 's the fastest team in the country so coach want to go with speed . int . hallway outside the locker room - same time moe stand with haskins . moe you sure you wanna do this , coach ? you get only seven player . one of they have a heart condition . they be gonna be more tired . you be break up chemistry . you be win a whole season . you change you line up and you may gamble it all away ! haskins I know that , squeaky . but first time in my life -- this be not a gamble . I make my decision . moe ..- what about the other ? 106 . haskins hold he look . int . locker room - moment later haskins come inside and read off the start five . haskins here 's today 's start line up : Bobby Joe and worsley , you be at guard . Big daddy , you be at center . orsten and flournoy , you be at forward . shadow , I 'il bring you and scoops off the bench . the black player nod , avoid the eye of the white player . haskins look at he white player . haskins some of you may wonder if you be gonna play today -- and I want to tell you that this -- it be not a easy decision . maybe it 's not even the right decision , but I - - you will not be play today . he look at each player . they look back at he , stunne . haskins I feel it 's the only right thing to do . I hope you understand it . the white player look at each other . armstrong come forward . armstrong coach -- haskins I know what this mean to you , Jerry -- I know what it mean to all of you ... armstrong no , coach . you do not have to explain . ( look at the black player ) we all hear what coach rupp say . he look at baudoin , myer , Palacio , togo . they nod . the white stand together fill with emotion , face the black player . armstrong look at each black player . armstrong you go out there and beat that boy , you hear ? we get folk watchin’ back home . this be you moment . you go out there and do we proud , man . do we proud . 107 . armstrong hold the game ball in he hand . he toss it to flournoy . flournoy catch it . he look stunne . the other black player look at they white teammate , deeply move . one by one the other white player reach out they hand for a handshake , myer , togo , baudoin , and Palacio . emotional , the black player shake in brotherhood . flournoy , tear in he eye , pull armstrong into a embrace . smash CUT to : int . cole field house - game time a capacity crowd of 14,000 fill Cole field House . photographer and television cameras fill the side court . the teaming crowd , almost all kentucky fan , wave confederate flag as the miner warm up . superimpose : NCAA national championship final game TEXAS western vs. kentucky in the crowd ... flournoy 's , shed 's and willie cager 's parent , be all very excited , craning to glimpse they boy . mary sit court side . haskins and moe come from the locker room . he glimpsis she , excuse himself to moe and go to she . mary I be so nervous , Don . haskins Mary , I want to say -- I know I have not be the best husband or father -- mary it 's alright , Don . I understand it . you go out there and give they hell , alright ? you show they . you show they . she kiss he . haskins smile at she , move . on the floor ... the official scorer call for the two coaches to meet at the scorer table to exchange they open line - up as the NBC broadcast team wind up they national audience . first announcer ( v.o. ) Texas western , the cinderella team from El paso , Texas , take on the Baron of bluegrass and he kentucky wildcat for the championship of College basketball ! 108 . haskins meet rupp at the scorer 's table . they pull out they line - up card . second announcer ( v.o. ) well , Don haskins 's miner be go to need more that a golden slipper to beat rupp 's runt . led by Louis dampier and the high scoring Pat riley , they play with a speed , poise and intelligence no team of mostly -- how would you say -- raw street player can hope to match . rupp look at Don as he hand he line up over . rupp do not mean to school you the other day , kid . haskins that 's all right , coach . we all have thing to learn . int . hallway to the stadium - same time the black player stand alone together , look out at the crowd in the stadium , wait . the sound of the cheering and the band filter in as we linger on each of they face . they look be somber , serious , determine . cager flexe he jaw . lattin 's chest rise and fall heavily . shed blink he nervousness back . orsten stare , focus . Bobby Joe nod to himself , get ready , as they all stare out at the moment ahead of they . in the stadium the wildcat finish they precision drill . the buzzer sound . the announcer come on . the player exchange look . Bobby Joe breathes out . bobby joe let 's do it , brother . he put he fist in the middle and the other place they fist over he and raise they in a roar . int . stadium - same time the light dim and the stadium announcer read the start line up for kentucky . the fan go crazy , they band launching into a frenzied version of '' dixie '' . stadium announcer ( v.o. ) and now the start line up of the Texas western miner ! 109 . a huge contingent of miner fan , include Mary , flournoy 's , cager 's and shed 's parent rise and cheer . stadium announcer ( v.o. cont 'd ) at Guard , out of Detroit Michigan , Bobby Joe Hill ! the other guard , from New York City , Willie worsley ! at center , from Houston , David '' Big daddy '' lattin !... one after another , the black player walk out on the court . the crowd sit shocked . dumbfound , rupp look down at haskins 's line - up card . stadium announcer ( v.0o . cont 'd ) at forward , out of Gary Indiana , Harry flournoy ! and at the other forward , orsten ' Little 0 's artis !! the black fan , lead by flournoy 's , cager and shed 's parent , rise and cheer they head off . the kentucky crowd be icily silent . we CUT to the announcer 's stand . television announcer in a unprecedented move , coach haskins have field a all black team , the first in NCAA championship history ! second announcer he seem to be try to make a point , Harry . what , I do not know . as the kentucky fan recover , grow more rile than ever , the band strike up '' dixie '' again and confederate flag fill the arena . Don pull he team into a circle . he look at they , he face fill with emotion . haskins when this tournament begin , I tell you that you have one choice . to walk away or stand on the center stripe and know that you play like a man . to run and hide or step up and have the whole world say , now there go a basketball player . ( beat ) that center stripe be here . it 's forty minute away from each and every one of you . take it . make it yours ! on three !!! move by he word , the player , Black and White , join hand . miner goll ! 110 . as the miner take the floor , haskins pull lattin aside . haskins David , you remember I tell you there would be a time when I want you to use you anger . well , now be the time . when you get that ball I want you to flush it as hard as you can . understand I ? let they know that you be here ! lattin ( pump up ) nothin 's to worry ' bout , coach . Big daddy D 's in the house ! haskins Bobby Joe . remember dampier 's get great hand . if you try to take the ball , he ' will burn you and score . bobby joe ( grin ) be that on order ? the miner take the floor as dampier , riley and other wildcats come out . they line up for the open tip . lattin face Pat riley , he face full of furious energy . first announcer ( v.o . ) there can be little doubt among fan here and across the country that kentucky 's superior speed and shoot will carry the day . the ball go into the AIR . lattin rise up , he eye on fire , and swat the ball to Bobby Joe . with the all american dampier on he , Bobby rocket up the court . toss the ball to worsley , he use lattin for a pick , and cut into the lane . lattin fire a pass to Hill who go in for the layup and score . the crowd react , subdued . startle by Hill 's speed , dampier take the inbound pass and rifle it to the kentucky center , jaracz , who quickly punch it out to riley at the top of the key . faking flournoy to the leave , he drive around he , straight into the key . as he lift off for what look like a sure bucket , lattin suddenly appear , he body arching upward and he hand slapping the shot away like a harmless fly . stun , riley crash to the floor and the referee call a foul on lattin , Big daddy shoot riley a menace look . lattin you playin 's in my house now , riley . 111 . on the court , a shake riley hit one of he two free throw and flournoy grab the rebound . hitting Hill in stride , the blaze Guard turn dampier around and , spot lattin near the basket , drill a bullet pass through several wildcat to lattin . lattin turn and look . this be he moment . he go up and slam a monster dunk over a startle , ducking riley . lattin motha fucker - - get out my way ! the black fan be on they foot , crazy , cheering . togo leap off the bench , whipping he towel like a mad man . shed pass riley , grin . shed hey man , you look like the brother 's shadow out there . riley try to ignore he . first announcer ( v.o. ) the big center for Texas western be dominate the smaller kentucky wildcat line up so far . but the real test be whether the upstart miner can stop dampier . once the all american get go , nobody can stop he ! in a quick succession of play , all direct by dampier , the wildcat score on a fast break to jaracz , riley hit a jumper from the corner and dampier nail a 18 footer . mary and the other miner fan , have they heart in they throat . the scoreboard show kentucky ahead 8 - 5 . flournoy twist he knee , and limp to the sideline , glumly . flournoy I can not go , coach . haskins pat he on the back and look at cager . haskins get in there , scoops . and tell Bobby Joe to get on dampier ! the miner immediately respond . orsten hit a 23 footer and Bobby Joe drive for the score . feeling the pressure , dampier bring the ball up against orsten . cross the mid-court stripe , dampier turn , change he dribble from he right to leave hand -- but before he can , Bobby Joe sweep in out of nowhere and knock the ball away . streak down court , he go in for a layup and score ! 112 . first announcer ( v.o . ) Hill make a incredible steal for a score from dampier ! a frustrated dampier bring the ball back up for the wildcat . second announcer ( v.0o . ) what happen to dampier 's famous Fort knox hand , Harry ? dampier cross down midcourt and turn to he leave when , in a replay of the last play , Bobby Joe pick he clean again and take it to score . as the crowd react with shock . first announcer ( v.0 . ) Hill steal again ! Holy Christmas , we have a game tonight , folk . we have a game ! togo be on he foot , scream , cheering , red in the face , hyperventilate himself into a frenzy when he eye suddenly roll back and he pass out on the floor . Ross rush over and slap he in the face , bring he back to consciousness . a excite haskins exhort he troops : Hill , lattin and orsten , to go at kentucky , lead by riley and dampier , like heavyweight , each try for the knockout punch . first announcer ( v.o. cont ’d ) I have never see anything like this ! it 's like Louis and marciano out there ! the miner score again . rupp look at the board where the miner be up 52 - 49 with 8:42 leave . he call a time - out and explode into a tirade at he player . rupp what the hell you doin 's out there ?! how can you let a bunch nigger playin’ nigger ball do that to you ?!! riley ( breathless ) coach , that guy can play . rupp you forget what uniform you wear ?! this be kentucky basketball ! play like it ! CUT to : haskins ... stand in the middle of he player . though tired , they dogge look say they can taste victory . 113 . haskins listen -- that guy do not know what hit they , you hear I ? you be faster than they . you be stronger ! you be better ! this game be yours to win ! with mary , the player parent and the other miner fan on one side of the arena , and the stunne kentucky fan in the rest , the miner take the floor for the final push . the miner light up the scoreboard . in slow motion we see shed go in for a fly dunk and score ! the black fan be on they foot , white fan sit stunne and grim , unable to reply . in slow motion cager bury a spin hook and score ! worsley take a fast break pass in for two ! all kentucky can do now be foul , and they do , send miner after miner to the line . finally , Bobby Joe intercept a kentucky pass and hold the ball , look up at the clock ... haskins be looking at the clock , suspend . mary be in the crowd , she hand to she mouth , not breathe . ten second remain . the score be 71 - 63 . try to wind down the clock , Hill be foule by riley who have play like a warrior . it be riley 's fifth and final foul . he walk off the court . he pass Bobby Joe and extend he hand . riley great game . you deserve it . move , Bobby Joe take riley 's hand . White hand grasp black . Bobby Joe watch riley walk to the bench and coach rupp . riley we play kentucky basketball , coach . and we just get beat . rupp look at he great forward , in bitter silence . at the bench the white player be half off the bench , half on they knee , ready to run into court , with haskins hold they back . meanwhile , bobby joe sink another free throw and as kentucky inbound the ball , all the white miner , lead by armstrong rise as one and begin to count with the clock . 114 . on the kentucky bench player sit with they head down , and tear in they eye . miner ten , nine , eight ... up in the stand , miner fan join in , scream deliriously . miner fan Seven , six , five , four ... shed look across at armstrong , he heart beat like crazy . shed we be gonna be National champion ! mama 's not gonna believe it ! with the clock tick its final second , dampier hit a meaningless jumper and the miner swarm the floor . first announcer in the great upset in National championship history , Texas western beat the kentucky wildcat ! the kentucky player stand crush . Bobby Joe leap into lattin 's arm . shed do he trademark giraffe trot around the hardwood . the white player surround they black team mate with excitement . flournoy crush baudoin with a hug . the parent in the audience be jump up and down , hugging and scream with joy . as the player and they parent go crazy , haskins look up into the stand . Mary come run down the aisle and jump into he arm . he kiss she and twirl she around . just then , shed lift bobby joe up on he shoulder . take the net from the rim , he lift it high into the AIR , the SOUND of the crowd 's roar wash over he and he teammate . int . HOTEL kitchen - same time herman carr be celebrate with he friend , all of they whooping and yell , carr in the center , look overjoy . int . miner' locker room - later Ross crack open a bottle of champagne and pour it over shed 's face . yelping , shed pour some on armstrong who start to sing aretha Franklin 's '' respect '' in a missoura drawl . wincing at first , the black player join in just in time . 115 . int . HOTEL kitchen - same time herman carr be make everybody be quiet , point to the television image of haskins at a press conference . int . PRESS room - same time haskins stand with Mary at a podium , sweat drench . reporter when you put this team together , do you want to make a statement about race in America ? haskins Hell , no . I do it for herman carr . reporter herman carr ? who 's he ? haskins look at Mary a moment and then back at the reporter . haskins a real good basketball player . int . restaurant - same time close on herman carr . he sit quiet , with tear in he eye . int . HOTEL elevator - several hour later Don step into the elevator . a black elevator man smile at he . elevator man Nice game , coach . what floor ? before he can answer , a man step into the elevator and take a flask of whiskey from he pocket . it be a beat , defeat adolph rupp . haskins look at the elevator man . haskins fourth . rupp take a hit of whiskey and stare . his voice raspy , beat . rupp you may not know it , coach , but basketball just change tonight . it just pass I by . rupp turn to haskins . there be tear in he bloodshot eye . 116 . rupp Old man should not play boy 's game . ext . EL paso INTERNATIONAL airport - next day a silver 707 land and pull up toward the control tower where 30,000 fan stand wait . the hatch of the plane open . when cager and the other miner appear the crowd go crazy . the cheer rise to deafening level as Willie cager raise the 1966 NCAA championship trophy up over he head . ext . mesa STREET - EL paso — later a triumphal motorcade pass through El paso , thousand of cheer fan lining the street and wave to they heroes . at the head of the procession be Don , with Mary and the boy at he side . Ross and moe bring up the rear . int . EL paso - series of image - day / night we watch El paso explode with celebration . Cars drive the street , honking they horn , bonfire be light all over town , firehydrants be open and water spray everywhere as the little town that could be delirious with joy . int . CITY hall - that night all the mover and shaker of El paso be at a posh dinner in celebration of Texas western 's victory . Mary , dress to the nine in a beautiful gown , sit restlessly . see Ross , she pull he aside . mary Ross , have you see Don ? he say he would be here by seven . Ross look at Mary quizzically . ross gee , Mary , I guess I do not rightly know . it 's not like Don to miss a important occasion like this . Mary look at Ross with a look that know better . int . memorial gym - same time haskins stand at the foul line in tux and bow tie . he look up at the basket , flip up a free throw and ... ...- hit nothing but net . fade out . 117 . over a black screen : don '' the bear '' haskins turn down offer to coach in the NBA , remain loyal to the miner . he have lead the miner to 14 NCAA tournament , win 7 wac title and accrue over 719 victory . in 1997 he be elect into the basketball Hall of Fame . david ( big daddy ) lattin become a first-round NBA pick . now a successful businessman , he give motivational speech around the country . willie cager suffer several stroke in the year follow the Texas western victory . his charitable basketball foundation now help underprivileged student who be think of quit school . bobby joe hill marry Tina malichi and live in El paso until he death in the winter of 2002 . over ten thousand El pasoan attend he funeral . PAT riley go on to coach the '' Los Angeles laker '' to four World championship . he have since coach the '' New York knick '' and the '' Miami heat '' . adolph rupp finally recruit the first black player in kentucky 's history before step down from kentucky basketball in 1972 , have win a record 876 game . even with all he achievement , he never get over the loss to Texas western . year after rupp 's retirement , tuby Smith become the first black kentucky coach to lead a all black kentucky team to the National championship . the Texas western victory over kentucky have be call the most important game in the history of College basketball and one of the great sport upset of the century .