go write by John August 1/14/98 - production draft 3/18/98 - blue revision 3/25/98 - pink revision 4/20/98 - yellow revision 4/27/98 - GREEN revision 5/05/98 - goldenrod revision 8/20/98 - buff revision 8/26/98 - salmon revision this script be copyright '' 1998 John August ext . a ditch - night a light rain and cricket chirping . somewhere in the night , dance music be blaring , but here it 's only a whisper with a beat . Water trickle out of a jag pipe . splash up mud , the riverlet weave through hamburger wrapper and sunbleach beer can , spend condom and a old spin magazine . the tiny stream ripple past glass and trash and the body of a woman . face up , breathe . Dead grass catch in she braid . her name be ronna martin . she 's eighteen and bleed . bleed a lot . she try to push herself up , but the dirt around she crumble . her leg be useless . despite it all , there 's a smile of perverse joy to she face , like she 's just remember the punchline to a favorite joke . claire ( v.o. ) you know what I like best about Christmas ? the surprise . CUT to : 2 int . a dark place - day ? night ? 2 pitch black . we hear a engine and road noise . claire ( v.o. , cont 'd ) it 's like , you get this box , and you be sure you know what 's in it . SPARKS . a cigarette lighter flare . we be in the trunk of a car with simon baine ( 22 ) , a skinny Brit with surfer hair . he look around , realize where he be . panicked , he start pounding and kicking . claire ( v.o. , cont 'd ) you shake it , you weigh it , and you be totally convinced you have it peg . no doubt in you mind . the lighter go out . it 's black again . CUT to : this script be copyright '' 1998 John August 2 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 3 int . unidentifiable room - day 3 we keep tight on claire montgomery ( 19 ) as she talk to a unseen guest . Christmas light blink behind she . claire ( cont would ) but then you open it up , and it 's something completely different . Bing ! wow ! bang ! surprise ! I mean , it 's like you and I here . she take a sip of coffee , smile . she have a bewitch smile . claire I be not say this be anything it 's not . but c'mon . this time yesterday , who 'dda thunk it ? CUT to : title over black : part one : `x' Christmas muzak play . a baby cry . fade in : 4 int . supermarket - day 4 a cash drawer slide shut . on the far side of the checkout stand , a stringy haire woman count food stamp . her eye be sink , black . she 's get a scream baby on she arm and two rambunctious boy in the cart . they be wear pajamas and raincoat . it 's five a.m. and the store be almost empty . container of freeze orange juice spin endlessly on the conveyor belt . ronna Martin -- the girl in the ditch -- be bag grocery . ronna Paper or plastic ? she wear a green apron with a red " yule save more " button . ( continued ) 3 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 4 continued : 4 ronna Paper or plastic ? she 's be work for fourteen hour , and it show . her intonation do not change at all . ronna Paper or plastic ? stringy haire woman both . finally satisfied she have all she stamp , the woman start look through the receipt . in the cart , the boy knock gum from the stand . stringy haire woman you do not double my coupon . ronna they be at the bottom . in red . where it say , double coupon . she finish one bag and start another . the woman be watch she carefully . stringy haire woman you can not do that . you can not put bleach in the same bag as food . it 's poison . ronna fish out the bleach and make a big show of wrapping it in a plastic bag . stringy haire woman do not think you be something you be not . I use to have you job . ronna put the bag in the cart . look she dead in the eye . ronna look how far it get you . 5 int . supermarket aisle - day 5 ronna pull off she apron as she head for the back . in the background , the stringy haire woman be bitching to a overweight store manager . 4 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 6 omit 6 6a int . supermarket stockroom - day 6a Dark and dusty , pack floor to ceiling with crate and palettes . offsccreen , a soap opera play on tv . ronna come around the corner , a thundercloud of anger and frustration . she pass by claire ( 19 ) and the british simon ( 21 ) at the phone , sorting through a crumpled list . Simon 's eye track ronna as she pass . claire ( low ) do not . simon why not ? claire she 's be on for fourteen hour . at she locker , ronna misdial the combination . frustrate , she pound the locker , then re-dial . Simon approach ronna gingerly . Claire give up on he , set to work open a box of expire cookie . simon ronna ? ronna no . she trade she apron for she coat . simon I have not ask you yet . ronna answer 's still no . she slam she locker . she cross to the time clock . simon be you menstrual ? pre-menstrual , post - menstrual ? ( continued ) 4a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 6a continued : 6a ronna one of the three . ( punch out ) okay , Simon . in case you have not hear the buzz , the scoop , the word on the street , I be get evict . tomorrow . so pardon I if I be not in a holly - jolly mood right now . Claire look over , look away . ronna head for the door lead outside . simon ronna , they would not evict you at Christmas . you would be ho-ho-homeless . he follow she out the door . 6b ext . behind the store - continuous 6b ronna forges ahead , ignore he . simon be that why all the overtime ? how much do you owe ? ronna Three eighty . simon that 's nothing . ronna more than I get . simon I will give you twenty right now for a blowjob . she stop , turn on he . her look could freeze lava . simon handjob ? a beat . the start of a smile . Simon 's just push she button . simon ronna , do you want my shift ? ronna serious ? * ( continued ) 4b . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 6b continued : 6b simon I have not punch in yet . * she only half - believe he . Simon 's not prone to benevolence . simon [ cont 'd ] look , my best mate be go to Las Vegas * this weekend . I have never be -- I be tell it 's incredible . if you take my shift , I could go with they . everybody win . ( beat ; she 's not sell ) Cash up front . he peel off three twenty from he clip . she look at the money , think . finally , she take it . ronna deal . Beyond exhaust , she start walk back to the store . after a beat ... simon ronna ? be you certain I could not have a blowjob ? without turn back , she flip he off . 7 omit 7 ( continued ) 5 - 6 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 7 continued : 7 8 omit 8 8a int . supermarket - day 8a a unsuspecting woman take a container of orange juice from * the refrigerator case . suddenly , a arm reach out through the case , grab it away . the woman * gasp . voice on intercom * available cashier to the front . * customer wait . * 9 int . behind the refrigerator case - day [ continuous ] 9 mannie ( 17 ) pull he arm back through with the orange juice . * he 's on break with ronna and Claire . * voice on intercom * repeat , cashier to the front . * all eye look up to the voice of God . claire one of we have to go . mannie * Dead celebrity ? * ronna * loser go up . Steve mcqueen . * she rip open a case of snapple , take one . * claire m...m ... mannie be check out a small print rave invite . in a flash of inspiration ... claire Michael landon . mannie Lucille Ball . ( continued ) 6a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 9 continued : 9 we move clockwise with a rapid , snooze - you - lose pace . ronna burt lancaster . ( to mannie , be : invite ) can you drive ? claire l...l... mannie if you do not mind the Beast . ronna I love the Beast . claire Lane staley . ( off reaction ) Alice in chain . ronna he 's not dead yet . mannie it 's true . claire ( substitute ) Lewis Carroll . Alice in wonderland . Claire take the invite from mannie . mannie carole lombard . ronna Lee marvin . claire m...m ... mannie do not say Molly ringwald . claire martha raye . mannie Nice . Robert mitchum . ronna shit! M. M. mmmmmmmmalcolm x. ( continued ) 7 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 9 continued : ( 2 ) 9 Claire just stand there confuse , mouth " x...x ... " mannie scoops a fingerful of whipped cream from a tub . claire you can not say malcolm x. ronna he 's famous , he 's dead . mannie that 's like a rule or something . nothing start with x. he put the tub back on the shelf . ronna that 's not my problem . mannie ( to Claire ) you can challenge . claire okay , I challenge . give I one dead celebrity that start with x. ronna this be bullshit . I be not work the * fuck register . she 's win no sympathy . mannie start to audibly click the countdown . ronna shoot he a wither look . ronna x...x ... there be one . I know I think of one before . a jug of milk suddenly shift to the side , revealing the bulbous face of the manager , look through from the store side . switterman break be over four minute ago . who 's up front ? Claire look at mannie . mannie look at ronna . resigned to martyrdom ... ronna I be . 8 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 10 int . supermarket / checkout lane - day 10 ronna rip off a receipt , hand it to a clutchy old woman . start scan someone else 's grocery . mannie be digging out return from under ronna 's checkstand . he suddenly look up . mannie xerxes . ronna what ? mannie xerxes . some dead pharaoh guy . start with x. ronna that be not it . I never hear of fuck " xerxes . " mannie pharaoh coulda save you ass . mannie push he cart down to the next checkstand . voice ( o.s. ) there 's a opera about he . ronna look up at the customer , a handsome college guy ( adam ) . he 's cute in that fresh -scrubbed , midwestern way . adam xerxes . I take music appreciation twice . on ronna whatever . Adam 's friend zack be with he in line , yabbering on a cellular phone . ronna hit total . $ 25.12 . Adam hand she a credit card . she swipe it through the machine and start bag they grocery . adam do a british guy still work here ? ronna he go to Vegas for the weekend . ( continued ) 9 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 10 continued : 10 a glance between Adam and Zack , hard to read why . Zack nod for Adam to go ahead . adam betcha wonder why we be buy all this orange juice . ronna scurvy ? she 's not go to rise to the bait . Zack look over at Adam , then to ronna . zack say ... ( check nametag ) ronna . you do not know where we could get something to go with this orange juice , do you ? ronna doughnut , aisle four . zack but then you get the weird taste in you mouth . I be think something a little more euphoric . the british guy usually hook we up . she stop bag . look at Adam . at Zack . ronna how much ? zack twenty at twenty . ronna you be overpay . zack we be desperate . a bunch of we be go to this party tonight , this warehouse thing ... he pull out a postcard -size invite . Bright color , slick printing ... ronna Mary Xmas supafest . adam you be go ? ( continued ) 9a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 10 continued : ( 2 ) 10 zack and we have plan this kinda pre-party . only there 's 20 of we , it 's like all or nothing . switterman walk down the end of the aisle , head for the manager 's desk . zack ( low ) a friend be suppose to get the stuff in Chicago , but now he 's snow in . so if you could help we out here ... all three watch switterman pass . it give ronna a beat to think . she hand Zack a post - it note and a pen . ( continued ) 10 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 10 continued : ( 3 ) 10 ronna gimme a number . let I see what I can do . zack kick ass . Adam smile . it 's a nice smile . even ronna notice . ronna so do you want the o.j. or not ? adam absolutely . 11 int . mannie' car / parking lot - night 11 the Beast be mannie 's pride and joy , a late - 70 's Toyota hold together with duct tape and prayer . it 's outfit for the season with Christmas light lining the windshield and back window . Santa have replace Jesus on the dashboard . ronna climb in the passenger door , count a stack of 20' fresh from the ATM . Claire 's in back . claire you know that Simon 's in Vegas . ronna I do not need Simon . I be go to Todd . mannie Todd gaine ? claire who 's Todd gaine ? mannie Simon 's dealer . Claire sit forward in the seat , suddenly worried . claire you can not do that , can you ? I mean , go around Simon . she look at mannie . he shrug , unsure . ronna ok , listen up . if Simon be here -- which he 's not -- he would charge fifteen , when I know he get it for ten . ( more ) ( continued ) 10a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 11 continued : 11 ronna ( cont would ) Times twenty hit , that 's a hundred buck I would be pissing out my dick . mannie but it 's like a evolutionary leap . you be move up the drug food chain . without permission . ( continued ) 11 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 11 continued : ( 2 ) 11 claire ronna , you should not do this . ronna pocket the cash . mannie 's about to say something when she stop he . ronna both of you chill the fuck out . it 's just once . when Simon get back , we can still overpay for quarter if it make you feel all warm and happy . but this be my deal , so just sit back and watch . mannie and Claire remain unconvince . ronna reach for the key , cranking the ignition even though mannie 's drive . the engine purr . ronna ( cont would ) besides , Todd like I . this will not be any problem . a buzzer sound . 12 ext . doorstep - night 12 ronna stand by the intercom of a two -story walkup in Hollywood . wait , she look back to the street , where the Beast sit idle at the curb . intercom voice speak ! ronna Todd ! it 's ronna Martin . you know I through Simon . a long pause . intercom voice yeah ? ronna can I come up ? another long pause . ronna look back at the Beast , embarrassed . finally the door buzy and a latch click open . stair lead up . she motion back " five minute " to the Beast . 12 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 13 int . hallway - night 13 Three out of four light be burn out in the hallway . a few foot ahead of ronna , a door stand partly ajar . a weird red-and - green light spill out through the crack , along with a Alice in chain song . 14 int . apartment / live room - night 14 ronna push the door open from the hallway . ronna Todd ? shade draw , the room be completely insulate from reality . the light bulb have be marker over , casting eerie pool of red and green light . Broken CD 's dangle off a tiny Christmas tree by the stereo . slacker seasonalism . gaine ( o.s. ) do not let the cat out . ronna close the door behind she . todd gaine emerge from the darken bedroom , tie the string on a pair of sweat pants . that 's all he 's wear . ronna I do not wake you up , do I ? gaine Nah . he settles into a overstuff couch and light a marlboro . adjust himself in the crotch . motion for she to take a chair . she 's more nervous than she want to let on . gaine I think you be still buy quarter off Simon . least what Simon pretend be quarter . ronna I keep he honest . gaine at that level you be suppose to pinch . it 's the economics of it . ( continued ) 13 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 14 continued : 14 in the background a woman with a ballerina 's body come out of the bedroom . she tuck a unrealistically large breast down into she tight top . gaine you leave ? she lean over the back of the sofa for quick , tonguey kiss . in a sneak attack , she shove a Santa 's hat down to he ear . he bat the white pom out of he eye . gaine be good . the woman be out the door without a word . gaine look back over at ronna , not the least bit self - conscious about the hat . gaine I take it this be not a social call . ronna I need a favor . gaine a favor ? wow . I do not know we be such good friend , ronna . because if we be , you would know I give head before I give favor . I do not even give my best friend head , so the chance of you get a favor right now be pretty fuck slim . ( beat ) you might try just tell I what you want to buy . ronna twenty hit of ecstacy . he take a deep drag on the cigarette , look at she . blow the smoke out . he pick up a remote control . aim it at the stereo . close up the volume meter , climb fast . out of the green , into the red . the music be deafen . on gaine on top of ronna , face in she ear . his hand wrap around she head , hold she tight . we can not hear what he 's say . ronna 's eye betray she fear . ( continued ) 14 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 14 continued : ( 2 ) 14 he back off . she look confuse . he nod . do it . the music still blaring , she stand and slowly unbutton she shirt . take it off -- very self - consciously . pull she t- shirt off over she head . just she bra underneath . he motion for she to turn around . she do , then back . her hand be shaking . she hold they together . gaine aim the remote at the stereo . the music retreat . gaine you come here out of the blue ask for twenty hit . just so happen twenty be the magic number where intent to sell become trafficking . ronna Todd , I would never fuck you like that . gaine how would you fuck I ? would you strap it on ? he climb over the sofa to a dresser . in a drawer , he dig down through a pile of sock to find a wide - mouth bottle . and a empty tylenol bottle . blow out the dust . gaine what 's the occasion ? ronna there 's this big Christmas party thing . warehouse , you know . a bunch of we be do sort of a pre-party thing . gaine Friends of yours . you be not go to go and try to sell this on I , be you ? ronna no . gaine you be not deal . ronna swear to God . he transfer pill from the big bottle to the tylenol bottle . ( continued ) 15 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 14 continued : ( 3 ) 14 gaine this be the real thing . pharmaceutical grade , not that crunchy herbal rave shit . do not let anyone double dose or you will be fry egg off `em in the emergency room . one hit per headbanger . ronna understood . he snap the cap on tight . gaine twenty at fifteen be 300 . ronna Fifteen ? I be think more like ten . gaine you already do strap it on . ronna it 's just that I know you charge Simon ten . gaine inflation 's a bitch . he offer it to ronna , who do not reach out for it . ronna here 's the deal . there 's 20 of we . I need all of this . but I only have two hundred . I mean , that 's all I have . gaine undoe the cap of the tylenol bottle , start pour the pill back out . ronna ( cont 'd ) no , hear I out . this two -hundre be like a downpayment . you give I the stuff , I get the extra hundred from they , then I come right back and pay you . gaine see , that would be do you a favor , and you know how I feel about favor . ronna I could leave something with you . collateral . he give she a quick look over . ( continued ) 16 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 14 continued : ( 4 ) 14 gaine I already get a fuck swatch . I need something I know you will come back for . ronna look at the tylenol bottle in he hand . think ... 15 ext . the beast - night 15 ronna kneel down beside the passenger window . knock on the glass . Claire roll down the window . music spill out . ronna Claire , could you come up with I for a sec ? 16 ext . doorstep - night 16 the release buzzer stop as ronna pull open the door to the stair . Claire just stand there , disbely , make no motion to go in . ronna forty -five minute . hour , top . you just have to sit there . claire hello ! he 's a drug dealer . ronna Jesus , Claire . do not get 818 on I here . how much shit have I do for you ? this be nothing . claire no. no ! you be make I a accessory . ronna Claire . that bracelet of mine you be wear be a accessory . you be just some chick who 's sit in a apartment . that 's it . it 's not just the matter at hand , but year of minor adjustment and one-upsmanship . ronna finally drop the bravado . ronna okay , no bullshit . I need this . I do not get this money , I get evict . my ass be out the street . claire you could ... ( continued ) 17 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 16 continued : 16 ronna ( stop she ) no , Claire . I do not have anyone else to go to . I be come to you and I be ask for you help . please . help I . a beat . claire forty -five minute . that 's like eight o'clock . ronna we will be back by eight , I promise . ronna hold the door as Claire reluctantly step inside . 17 int . mannie' car - night 17 the clock on the dashboard read 8:04 . ronna ( v.o. ) be this it ? be you sure ? engine run , the Beast be park along a residential street in Venice . in the driver 's seat , mannie look for a address . mannie six-forty -four . Jesus , next time ask for direction . he kill the engine . ronna do a quick face - check in the rear view mirror . she 's out the door , move a hundred mile a hour . mannie ronna ! she look back in . mannie shake the tylenol bottle she forget . toss they to she . mannie you be a pro . ronna I be a top-seed amateur . ( continued ) 18 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 17 continued : 17 she pocket the bottle . slam the door . mannie track she as she circle the car . mannie and I be a very happy man . in he palm , two tablet . he work up a good gob of spit , then swallow they both . they be bitter as hell . 18 int . venice house / MAIN room - night 18 a beefy guy name burke halverson reach out a hand . burke damn good to meet you , Rhonda . ronna ronna . burke ronna . when I hear Philly get snow in , I think we be fuck for sure . glad we find you . her pager go off , a shrill cry . she quiet it , check the number . burke smile . burke work work work . Friday must be a busy night . ronna that be just a friend . only now do we turn to see Adam and Zack stand nearby , try to look cool . they house be spartan even by frat - boy standard , just goodwill furniture and as - be Ikea . burke ( o.s. ) hey . what can I get you to drink ? ronna some of that orange juice would be great . burke do a hepcat swing through the kitchen door , leave ronna alone with Adam and Zack . zack so this party tonight sound like it 's gonna be huge . ( continued ) 18a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 18 continued : 18 adam massive . zack that would be a synonym for huge . adam just back you up . zack and I appreciate that . ( continued ) 19 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 18 continued : ( 2 ) 18 burke ( o.s. ) ronna hun , we be fresh out of o.j ... Adam look at Zack . ronna catch it . burke ( back through door ) cerveza ? he hand she a beer . adam ( to burke ) oh yeah . hey . we buy a whole bunch of orange juice . it 's in the car . angle on ronna watch they with a lion tamer 's concentration . burke look back over at she . burke now , Zack tell I you get 20 at 20 , be that right ? ronna ( suddenly ) you get a bathroom ? adam down the hall on the right . zack let I show you ... he move at ronna strangely . it freak she out . burke maybe we could do this first . burke shoot Adam a look . ronna 's already head down the hall . they wait silently until ronna 's out of earshot . adam we say Chicago , you say Philadelphia . CUT to : a monitor in black - and - white video , we be look down on wide - angle view of the entire room -- a surveillance camera . we can see the reflection of someone watch . ( continued ) 19a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 18 continued : ( 3 ) 18 adam [ filter ] maybe she do not notice . ( continued ) 20 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 18 continued : ( 4 ) 18 burke ( filter ) just wait here . keep it calm . burke walk off camera , head for the hall . Zack hang he head . Adam look up at the camera . 19 int . bathroom - night 19 close up : ronna lock the door . she lean back against the frame , panic . she turn on both faucet . she check the window . naile shut . she look at herself in the spotless mirror . ronna you be fine . you be fine . 20 int . hallway - night 20 burke lean up against the outside of the door , listen . 21 int . bathroom - night 21 she pull the tylenol bottle out of she pocket . she look down at the toilet . hesitate , until ... a knock on the door . 22 int . hallway - night 22 burke everything all right in there ? 23 int . bathroom - night 23 ronna 's heart be in she throat . cu : the handle , rock back and forth , lock . ronna Fine . she struggle with the cap . child safety . ( continued ) 21 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 23 continued : 23 it finally pop open . a few pill scatter on the carpet . she dump the content into the toilet . flush . 24 int . hallway - night 24 burke hear it . freak out . he rifle through the key on he belt . 25 int . bathroom - night 25 ronna 's on all four , search for spill pill . she toss they into the swirl water . 26 int . hallway - night 26 cu : the hole in the center of the door knob . a thin allen wrench slip in . burke force the door open to reveal ronna stand with she beer , cool as a eskimo . ronna all yours . she push past he into the hall . 27 int . MAIN room - night 27 ronna be head for the front door . follow behind she , burke wave at Adam -- block that door ! Adam step in she way . burke ronna , hun , do we get a deal here or not ? ronna ( turn , back away ) no . no , see we do not . that 's what I come here to tell you . I could not get anything . she bump back into Adam at the door . burke be close in . ( continued ) 22 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 27 continued : 27 burke c'mon , resourceful girl like you ? I do not believe it . ronna it 's true . burke I just want to make a deal here , ronna . can we make a deal ? ronna who the fuck be you ? monty Hall ? Zack choke a laugh . burke stare right through she . ronna swig she beer like a trucker . ronna do you know I be only 17 ? black and white / surveillance camera ronna ( filter ) I probably should not be drink this beer , should I ? be so underage and all . the man just stand there , watch . back to color close on burke , dumbstruck . he nod at Adam . Adam step away from the door . ronna back she way out the door , never take she eye off they . the door close . a beat . Adam and Zack await the fury . burke look back to the hallway . 28 int . hallway - night ( normal ) 28 a white guy with dreadlock come out of a lock door . his name be loop . loop man , I do not know what happen , it 's like the machine just eat the tape . he crack a videotape against the doorframe , pull out the innard . ( continued ) 23 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 28 continued : 28 mannie ( v.o. ) why would they go after you ? 29 ext / int . the beast on STREET - night 29 the car be park on the side of another residential street . ronna I think it be Simon they be after . he deal all the time out of the store . I mean , he make change out of the fuck register . mannie they do not know who be deal , just that it be someone at the store ? ronna they be fishing . I bit . ronna 's pager go off with a shrill beeping . she check the number . ronna it 's Claire . she page I while I be in there . mannie we go back to Todd . tell he they do not show up , whatever . and then just swap the pill for Claire . ronna we can not . mannie why not ? ronna they be go . I flushed they . mannie oh shit . ronna think of something . I need a hundred buck or 20 hit of X . a long silent beat as both put on they think cap . mannie try to beat down a smile that curl the edge of he lip . he clenches he jaw , try to keep it in . ( continued ) 24 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 29 continued : 29 ronna what ?! she turn he chin to hold he eye to the light . they be wild and dilate . and he smile resurface despite he best effort . ronna you take one , do not you ? fuck you , mannie ! how could you do this to I ? I need you now . he sit quietly , a scold dog . ronna drive . mannie where ? ronna just drive . I have a idea . 30 int . supermarket - night 30 a sign over the entrance read " yule save more . " Christmas musak blare " jingle Bell rock " overhead . the automatic door slide open to reveal ronna and mannie , who split up . we follow ronna , who be now wear mannie 's black trench coat . the store be almost empty , with stockmen beginning to unload palettes . ronna turn down a aisle mark " soap / shampoo / drug . " 31 int . at the manager' counter - night 31 mannie scan he hand on a upc register , watch the laser on he finger , listen to it bwoop . he smile broadly at a idle register woman , who do not even look up . he then duck down behind the counter . a crappy CD player | spin away . he press the " | " button , then crank the volume dial all the way up . the open flourish of a latinize Christmas classic blast through the PA system . 25 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 32 int . at checkstand - night 32 the Register woman look up . 33 int . a aisle - night 33 two stockboys look up . 34 int . drug aisle - night 34 a coupon - wielding woman look up , confuse , but proceed to push she cart around the end of the row . ronna look both way . she 's alone . she start grab box off the shelf and shove they into the pocket of mannie 's coat . cold medicine . allergy medicine . every pill she can find . switterman come roaring by behind she , head for the front . she try to duck away , but he 's too steam to even notice she . ronna do a quick check to see if she get everything . hurrying down the aisle , she swipe a bottle of evian . 35 int . end of another aisle - night 35 tm the two stockboy give a wide - eye , spielberg stare ... we move to the next aisle , where the coupon woman be stare at the same thing ... we move again to ronna at the end of she aisle . she just now see it ... 36 int . front of the store - night 36 angle on mannie . he stick he hand out . angle on the Register woman . she stick she hand out . they palm meet . they hip come together . and they dance . what start as a tango , spiral into a STAR search -y routine of dip , spin and Arthur Murray nightmare . torville and Dean on linoleum . ( continued ) 26 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 36 continued : 36 the stockboy watch , horrify but transfix . the coupon woman tap she shoe against the wheel of she cart . angle on mannie dance he heart out . his face be red and drip sweat . he 's too out of it to notice . he point of view a jet engine roar , swirl light . the music be stack up on itself , overlap and bizarre . for just a moment , horrifying . angle on mannie he stop mid-twirl . holding himself against a magazine rack . ronna take he by the shoulder . mannie' point of view ronna lean into a fish - eye swirl . the roar grow louder , continue as we CUT to : 37 int . the beast / drive - night 37 behind the wheel , ronna 's rip open box of medication . crack open jar , she spill the tablet out on she hand . ronna be they round or oval ? mannie ( recover ) round . White . like aspirin . like baby aspirin . she dig through the pocket of the coat , see what else she grab . her beeper go off . she hit it to make it stop . she pop a allergy pill out of its blister pack . compare it to another pill , almost the same . ronna ( hold they up ) a or b? mannie B. ( continued ) 27 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 37 continued : 37 ronna you be sure ? mannie I be not really look . make a decision , ronna start pop the rest of the pill out of the blister pack , dump they into the tylenol bottle . her beeper go off again . ronna stop fuck paging I , Claire ! mannie nurse the evian bottle . a phone ring . 38 int . gaine ' apartment - night 38 gaine pick up the receiver , click the remote to mute the CD player . he 's still shirtless and wear the Santa Claus hat . gaine ( on phone ) speak !... just lick my dick , whazzup with you ?... yeah ... the crazy horse , you will have to look it up ... I do not know what I be up to . ( to Claire ) where 's this party at ? Claire be sit in the corner , hold herself very still . she dig a postcard - ish invite out of she purse . he snap he finger . she hand it over . gaine ( on phone ) it 's call " Mary Xmas . " Mary like a chick ... like she name be Mary , not like you marry she . you fuck moron ... I dunno , some warehouse shit . ( to Claire ) be this gonna be cool ? claire yeah , I guess . ( continued ) 28 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 38 continued : 38 gaine ( on phone ) my friend Claire here say it 's go to be a kick -ass-fuck - time ... what , you know she ? ( to Claire ) it 's you buddy Simon . he 's in Vegas . claire I know . gaine she know ... Hell , I dunno ... ( look at Claire ) maybe ... yeah , well save a load for I big boy ... whatever . he hang up . the CD player be still mute . the silence be vast . gaine scratch a armpit . check he watch . Claire look away . gaine what do you want for Christmas , Claire ? claire I do not know . gaine do you want to get laid ? claire no . gaine no , you do not wanna get laid or no , you do , but you do not want to get laid with I ? claire you can not answer that . I mean , it 's like ... gaine either way you be fuck . where be they , Claire ? claire they will be here . gaine they will be here . huh . ( continued ) 29 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 he gesture like he 's go to click on the CD player , but instead point it at she . gaine be you a virgin ? claire what ? gaine c'mon , Claire . answer the question . answer the question , Claire . she do not say anything . gaine laugh he ass off . claire Breakfast Club . I get it . gaine look at I . I want to show you something . she look back over at he . he slowly undoe the drawstring to he sweat pants . start to reach inside . Claire watch , revolt and disbely . a beat . gaine I be kid ! his hand reach between the cushion of the couch , where he pull out a 9 mm handgun . gaine I be not kid . where the fuck be they , Claire ? the gun point at she , Claire be lose she shit . her face squeeze tight , like she head 's be suck through a tiny hole . just when she 's about to pop ... the buzzer sound . save by the bell . gaine push the talk button on the intercom . gaine speak ! filter voice it 's ronna ! smiling , gaine hit the door button . Claire collect she wit . 30 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 39 ext . downstair doorway - night 39 ronna look back to mannie . ronna do not say anything . and try not to look so stone . he nod , wiping a finger across he forehead to squeegee off the sweat . 40 int . gaine ' apartment - night 40 gaine sit pensively on the edge of the couch , then smile warmly . gaine that 's no problem . this thing happen , I understand that . Claire smile , relieved . mannie stand behind ronna , he gaze carefully fix on the wall . gaine ( cont would ) let I just fill out a return slip here , and I will have the manager give you a refund . ronna Todd , I be try to explain what happen . they have already get stuff from somewhere else . it be just a case of miscommunication , I think ... ronna 's voice fade to nothing as we push in on mannie . a siamese cat lay down on a table in front of he , stare at he . huxley [ subtitles only ] I can hear you thought . mannie squint , look around . he and the cat be alone in the room . huxley [ subtitles ] xiang kai- Shek . famous chinese ruler guy . start with X . ( continued ) 31 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 40 continued : 40 mannie smile . mannie [ subtitles ] no. " C " Chiang kai- Shek . the cat curl itself . huxley [ subtitles ] you be go to die . mannie snap back , eye panicked . it 's a few minute later . everyone 's in different place , different mood . mannie have not move at all . gaine ( hand back cash ) I be keep fifty . call it interest . ronna that 's fine . Todd , I be really sorry about all this . ronna steer mannie towards the door , try to keep he back to Todd . but at the last moment ... gaine hey ronna . a beat . Todd shake the pill bottle . gaine I just give you a favor . ronna ( a smile ) and here I think you just give I head . they trade a look as she exit . gaine pick up the cat , give it a scratch . silly human . 41 ext . field parking lot - night 41 mannie lie on the roof of the Beast , arm spread wide , cigarette in he finger . 42 int . the beast - night 42 ronna and Claire stare at each other , a competition , neither want to exhale first . ( continued ) 31a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 42 continued : 42 hand wave , Claire struggle to keep herself from laugh and choke . finally she give in , cough up smoke and snot . ronna blow out a cool ribbon of smoke . ( continued ) 32 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 42 continued : ( 2 ) 42 she hand over a wreath of plastic holly . ronna pin I . she lean down to let Claire pin the holly in a crown around and through she hair . claire okay , at the risk of sounding like . you know . me. what be you go to do about get evict ? you be still short , be not you ? mannie 's hand flop down to the window . Claire hand he the joint . from ronna' p.o.v. , we see the floor be still litter with dozen of box of medicine . a beat . she pick up a box . a idea form , ronna sit back up . smile . claire what ? what ? 43 ext . field / parking lot - night 43 ronna and Claire weave through the densely pack lot , where rave - goer party in and around they car , drink and smoking . as they walk , ronna pop allergy medicine out of a blister - foil pack . she toss the box away . scan the lot , she point to a mini-van . 44 ext . at the minivan - night 44 ronna knock on the window . a nervous teenager roll it down , release a cloud of smoke . ronna smile . ronna hi. I be Kelly , and this be donna . we be wonder if you might want to hang out . 33 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 45 int . the minivan - night 45 ronna and Claire be pack in tight with three valley highschool couple . the guy be stone , the girl uptight . they be all break curfew . fila guy I think I feel something . ronna it 's really smooth , be not it ? donna 's brother be a pharmacist . he get it for we . a look from Claire -- why be drag I into this ? but she go for it . claire chip . his name be chip . my brother . nike hat be it like a wave , or be it like a zoom ? fila guy it 's like float . like , " hey down there , how 's the ground and shit . " nike hat I get it . oh , fuck . yeah , I feel it . anorexic girl be it really that cool ? fila guy you gotta try it . shit , I will buy for you . he pull out he wallet and hand ronna a twenty . she give the anorexic girl a tablet , who downs the pill with a swig of diet Coke . ronna and you know what make it even better ? if you smoke a lot of pot . I mean a lot of it . fila guy nod , fire up the mini-bong again . 34 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 46 ext . line outside a warehouse - night 46 mannie lean against a wall , pale and out of it , a nauseate smile on he face . claire ( low ) I can not believe you be sell allergy medicine . ronna we be out of that . we be down to chewable aspirin . a skate - punk guy come up to they , money in hand . skate - punk guy hey . people be say you have some really good stuff . ronna take the money , look he over . ronna show I you tit . a beat . he pull up he shirt to show he skinny white chest . deem he worthy , ronna hand he a pill and send he on he way . she add the twenty to she stack . claire how much have you make ? ronna four hundred . the open rumble of a industrial anthem rise as we cut to : 47 int . gaine ' apartment - night 47 music build throughout . stand at the dresser , gaine crack open ronna 's bottle . pill spill out on a plate . he count they , push they aside in group with a card . stop . pick one up . look at it more closely ... pull open a drawer full of sock . dig out the wide - mouth bottle . shake out a pill . ( continued ) 35 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 47 continued : 47 flick on a desk lamp . look at both pill in he hand , compare ... fuck . he flip over the card on the dresser . Mary Xmas . the invite Claire give he . with a sudden rage , he wing the plate against the far wall . it shatter . the music explode and we be ... 48 int . warehouse / mary XMAS supafest - night 48 a grind , sweat sea of humanity . in the mosh pit , skinhead and coke - up poseur run in blind circle . a stringy - haire eyeliner boy crash into ronna who have she own groove go . she shove he back into the wheel , a foot on he ass . Claire , behind she , yell something in she ear . we can not hear a thing . ronna downs the rest of she drink , hand Claire the cup . that 's not what Claire mean -- she 's a little piss -- but ronna be oblivious . both hand free , ronna push she way deeper into the eye of the storm . she adjust she holly crown . she 's sky high and loving every minute of it . 49 ext . warehouse - night 49 the line to get in be longer still , snake down the wall . fila guy be talk to a friend in a spider marine shirt . fila guy this girl inside . she and she friend have it . spider marine ecstasy ? the real shit ? fila guy pharmaceutical grade . none of the crunchy herbal rave shit . anorexia girl best twenty buck you could spend . ( continued ) 36 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 49 continued : 49 we look past fila guy to see Todd gaine , who 's be listen . seethe . 50 int . by the entrance - night 50 sweating hard , mannie be press back against a pole , shirt over he head . two nose - ringed riot grrrl be draw a Christmas tree on he chest and stomach with a fat magic marker . look over at the entrance , he watch some gapster move past the bouncers . and behind they , todd gaine . mannie 's drugge eye go wide with panic . he hunch down . gaine start look around the edge of the crowd . mannie work he way into the mob . strobe fire overhead . ronna dance on , oblivious ... gaine circle , search ... mannie fight he way through the outer ring of mosher ... through the crowd , we see gaine look in ... mannie grab ronna ... she smile , try to kiss he ... he yell in she ear . he have to repeat himself ... she look back over she shoulder ... a space in the crowd ... she see gaine . he see she . the music stop . Dead silence . ronna and gaine trade stare for what feel like a eternity , until suddenly ... the music blast back , harder than ever . like a shot , ronna and mannie be out of there . gaine plow through the crowd , come after they . 51 ext . warehouse alley - night 51 a side door blast open , ronna drag mannie by the wrist . they race down the alley . a burly bouncer shout after they : ( continued ) 37 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 51 continued : 51 bouncer hey !! ( be : sign on door ) no exit !! the bouncer be blindside by gaine , who charge after ronna . 52 ext . different alley - night 52 ronna pull mannie into a cover doorway , a niche set off from the alley . they hide back in the shadow as gaine race past . ronna kneel down to mannie , who 's hunch over he knee sweat and shaking . ronna what 's wrong ? mannie ? she put a hand on he sweat forehead . his cheek . ronna Jesus . you be burn up . mannie I can not feel my hand . ronna listen to I . we be go to find Claire and get out of here . 53 ext . alley / dumpster - night 53 ronna half - carry mannie down the alley . he 's too heavy to lift , and too out of it to go much further . he collapse to he knee . she can not get he back up . without warning , he heave . we hear the splash on the asphalt . she prop he head back against a dumpster . wipe he face . ronna sweetheart . mannie . I be go to leave you here . I be go to get the car and come back for you . she fish the key out of he pocket . mannie grab onto she arm , tight . ( continued ) 38 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 53 continued : 53 ronna I can not carry you ! mannie , just hide here . just like a little mouse , okay ? you be go to be fine . ai not nobody leave . she push he leg into the shadow . he 's cry . 54 ext . field / edge of parking lot - night ( rain ) 54 in the distance , we hear the rumble of the music . keeping low , ronna work she way down a row , come to mannie 's car . she try one key , then another . we look up to see Todd gaine watch she from the hood of a nearby car . gaine how 's it go , ronna ? how be sale ? her heart skip a beat . she drop the key . ronna Todd , I can explain . gaine I be not go to ask you to . he climb off the car , approach . gaine [ cont 'd ] the thing be , it 's not like I be in a highly ethical industry . but goddamn , ronna . you fuck I over for 20 lousy hit . he pull he gun from the back of he jeans . by instinct , she start to move away . a red miata move down the row behind ronna . she look to it for help , but it 's already pass . ronna it 's not what it look like . I mean , it sort of be , but it 's complicated . gaine not really . he cock the gun . ( continued ) 39 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 54 continued : 54 ronna I know I fuck up , but I can make it up to you . please , Todd . gaine I be the last fuck person you should be expect a favor from . ronna I have the cash . I have more than I owe you . gaine so now you be a entrepreneur . at the last moment , ronna bolt . she duck around the corner of a van , only to see ... a red miata do 20 in reverse . it brake , but there 's no time . it hit she hard . she fly up over the roof of the car , crashing down on the soft top . her limp body start to slip down the windshield , but finally stick . push in on gaine see the hit . hearing it . stun . a beat , then we hear the engine rev , pull back again . that shake ronna loose , let she drop over the headlight in front . Rolling down the slope at the edge of the field , ronna topple ass - first into a drainage ditch . her body land with a sicken thud . gaine stand where he be , gun still in hand , dumbfounded . he look to the miata . it suddenly take off , kick up dirt and grass . for a moment , all be quiet . finally , gaine tuck the gun into he jeans . one last look around , then he start work he way back across the parking lot . disappear . 40 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 55 ext . in the ditch - night ( rain ) 55 we stay on ronna 's body as we hear the miata suddenly pull away . somewhere in the distance , the Mary Xmas supafest be still raging , but here it 's only a whisper with a beat . with a sudden spasm , ronna move . turn herself over on she back . each breath wheeze and gurgle . she pull the remainder of the holly crown out of she hair and toss it aside . she try to push herself up . her leg will not move . catch she breath , she look to the top of the ditch , wait for somebody to look in . no one do . adjusting herself , she slide against a weathered magazine . spin. Jane 's addiction on the cover . she collapse back , a new wave of pain . after a beat , she suddenly laugh , until gradually it become a coughing . she push she hair back , streaking blood across she face . ronna mannie !! there 's no answer . the yelling hurt . she will not do that again . ronna mannie , I get it ! I remember who the fuck it be ! perry farrell 's dead girlfriend . xiola Blue . x-i-o-l-a . fuck , I know there be one . a sudden spasm of pain . she wince , sobbing . it pass . ronna do not you get it ? I win . she cough as she laugh , spitting out some blood . we pull back , rise higher until we slowly fade out . 41 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 56 omit 56 57 omit 57 57a int . supermarket storeroom - day 57a offsccreen , a soap opera play . Simon be on the phone , a well - wear employee list in he hand . simon ( on phone ) no , no . donde miguel ? * Claire lean against the wall beside he , skeptical but amused . she turn a box of cookie over in she hand , read the ingredient . simon ( on phone ) jalisco ? ( to Claire ) where be jalisco ? claire Mexico . fuck . Simon hang up the phone without say goodbye . he continue down the list . claire Simon , no one be go to take you shift . ronna come around the corner , zombie-tire . she head to she locker . Simon watch she , a idea form . jump CUT to : 57b ext . alley behind supermarket - day 57b simon ronna , do you want my shift ? ronna be you serious ? simon I have not punch in yet . * she only half - believe he . ( continued ) 41a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 57b continued : 57b simon [ cont 'd ] look , my best mate be go to Las Vegas * this weekend . I have never be , I be tell it 's incredible . if you take my shift , I could go with they . everybody win . CUT to : darkness . we hear a engine and road noise . 58 SPARKS 58 a cigarette lighter . the flame finally catch and we see Simon . he feel around , touch the ceiling , the wall , the floor . he 's lock in the trunk of a car . simon shit. shit ! he start kick , hyperventilate . the lighter go out . title over black : ( continued ) 42 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 58 continued : 58 part two : ` shoot ' 59 int . the trunk - day ? night ? 59 Simon keep kicking . simon Fucking let I out of here ! the lighter burn he thumb . he switch hand . listen for a second . the car be not drive anymore . he try to catch he breath , but keep get more panicked . a key scrape in the lock . the trunk lid open a crack . Bright daylight spill in . Simon kick the lid and pop up , ready to swing a tire iron . three men back off , laugh . we be ... 60 ext . side of interstate - day 60 tiny mo'fuckin jack-in-the-box . tiny ( 19 ) be not black , but think he be . Simon climb out of the trunk and do a face - plant in the gravel . he 's shit - face drunk . marcus dude , you pass out before we leave L.A. marcus ( 24 ) be a tailback at ucla , and still have the build . he be black , and have no confusion over this matter . Simon be about to reply when he suddenly heave . everyone back away . tiny take the tire iron , put it to the side of the trunk . he start cranking it while humming " pop go the weasel , " end with ... tiny pop ! go the asshole . 43 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 61 int . singh's cadillac / drive - day 61 a massive land yacht from the pre-embargo era . singh ( 23 ) be drive , nursing a beer . Marcus read a magazine . tiny talk from the enormous back seat , where Simon be recuperate . tiny so this chick , she 's bob up and down on my dick like she 's fuck Marilyn Chambers . singh she actually find you dick ? tiny ( ignore ) then she start go around the ouside -- you know , painting the tree -- when whack ! it hit she in the eye . and she contact , it 's like stick on my dick . the passenger do not seem impressed . tiny her contact lens . it 's stick on the end of my dick . marcus be it hard or soft ? tiny what , my dick ? singh the contact lens . marcus do you remember if it be a color lens ? that she use to have two blue eye and now she have one blue and one brown ? tiny what the fuck do that matter ? marcus ( lean over seat ) it matter because it happen to I . it be my story . I tell this story about a year ago . the difference be , I know that small - but-important detail . that , and it be true . ( continued ) 44 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 61 continued : 61 tiny oh. whatever . marcus whatever ? tiny whatever . a beat . and another . the matter just will not drop . tiny yo , pull you stinky dinky out of my ass . I be just try to make conversation . fuck . give a nigger a break . Singh moan , not again . marcus what nigger ? this nigger ? tiny my mother 's mother 's mother be black . marcus so you say , yet we have never see a picture of this ebonic woman . singh stop. truce . marcus if you be any less black , you would be clear . simon ( moan ) stop . marcus look at you skin . tiny I see black because I know I be . Color be a state of mind . marcus thank you Rhythm Nation . 45 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 62 int . silver STAR casino restaurant - night 62 it 's a dive , and nearly empty . the guy work they way down both side of a self - service food bar . Simon be mostly recover . simon so what do valentina do ? marcus she 's a nutritionist . she also teach a class at this college . simon what class ? marcus tantric sexuality for couple . singh she teach people how to fuck ? tiny man , I teach myself . marcus ( to Simon ) you should not eat shrimp . it 's load with iodine . tiny this shit be expensive . you be pay five buck for lettuce and seed and shit . tiny up - end the rest of the shrimp cocktail onto he plate . piss , Singh scoops away a handful for himself . at the table the guy eat . tiny try to make a sandwich out of the various food on he plate , but the bread keep crumble . marcus thing be , most people really do not know how to make love . they just put it in and move it around until they get off . what tantra teach you be how to prolong and deepen the experience , bring it to a higher level . if one man in ten be have the sex I be have , there would be no war . ( continued ) 46 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 62 continued : 62 simon what 's the longest you and she ever do it ? marcus fourteen hour . singh Holy shit ! tiny how many time you shoot ? marcus not once . simon fourteen hour , you do not go once . not even at the end ? marcus you redirect the orgasm inside . he 's greet with skeptical look . marcus ( cont would ) how long do you orgasm last ? a couple second ? I have have orgasm that last a hour and a half . simon bullshit . marcus swear to God . and I do mean Allah . singh when be the last time you get off ? I mean like , wet . marcus I have not ejaculate in six month . tiny six month ! marcus anyone can do it . all it take be discipline . tiny you be some kind of obi Wan kenobi motherfucker . ( more ) ( continued ) 47 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 tiny ( cont would ) call I old school , but I be still down with come and go . be I right ? Singh agree . Simon , however , be still intrigue . 63 int . HOTEL lobby - night 63 we hear slot machine chiming in the distance . Marcus pick a gold card up from the counter . marcus ( read ) Todd gaine . the drug dealer . simon he get a discount . he let I use it . he 's a good guy . marcus he 's the good drug dealer . I get confuse . simon we will pay cash anyway . this be just to get the room . the desk woman return with they key . simon could you answer a question ... ( check nametag ) ... Rachel ? hypothetically , do you think a man could make love to a woman for 14 hour without ever achieve climax ? desk woman I think my manager would be better able to answer that question . would you like I to call he over ? simon no . not necessary . desk woman great then . welcome to the riviera . Simon walk away with Marcus . simon ( low ) lesbian . 48 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 64 int . HOTEL room - night 64 doubled over , tiny bang on the bathroom door . Singh emerge , pale and sweat . he step over tiny , who crawl in . hanging up he clothes , Marcus wave away the smell . Singh moan , lie down on a bed . marcus do I tell you not to eat the shrimp ? singh I have something for you . where do I put it ? oh , it 's right here . he give he the finger . Simon be on the phone by the window . simon ( over action ) Todd , it 's Simon . what 's up ?... I be in Vegas , we just get here . what be the name of the place you say we should go ... the crazy horse . what be you do tonight ? Marcus neatly unfold he clothes , hang they up in the closet . simon ( on phone ) you be go to a wedding ?... what be it , a rave ? from the wall , knocking . Simon and Marcus look to a door by the window . simon ( on phone ) no , I know Claire ... be you go to fuck she ? Simon point at the knocking door . Marcus finally open it to reveal a 12 year - old boy in the adjoin hotel room . boy who be you ? marcus this be we room . Simon lean around to look . ( continued ) 49 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 64 continued : 64 boy oh . what be you do ? simon raping small child . the Boy 's mother yank he back from the door , shutting it . 65 int . mirrore elevator - night 65 Simon and Marcus be fully mack out . Marcus adjust the shoulder of he bright yellow jacket . simon do I mention how much I like you jacket ? marcus no. simon there 's a reason . the elevator bell bing . 66 int . the casino - night 66 Simon find Marcus at a blackjack table . simon let I borrow some money . marcus where 's you money ? simon I lose it the dealer be wait for Marcus to play . he take a card , bust . marcus we have be here five minute . simon I be play this game at a hundred dollar table and I do not understand it , but now I do . I think I figure out how to beat it . marcus let I see you wallet . ( continued ) 50 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 66 continued : 66 Simon hand it over . Marcus pocket it . marcus you can have it back in a hour . no , no . no but . one hour , right here . 67 int . casino - night 67 various shot : Simon wander , bored . he hit on a woman at the nickel slot . when she rebuff he , he turn he attention to the cocktail waitress . 68 int . casino hallway - night 68 Simon wander amid the guest spilling out of the Shapiro wedding reception . he help himself to a glass of champagne . 69 int . elevator - night 69 Simon share the elevator with drunken bridesmaid becky goldman and rebecca goldstien . both be 19 . becky okay , if you be from over there , then where do you meet this friend ? of yours . who I do not see . simon they already know each utter , but Marcus I meet in traffic school . his accent be suddenly irish . it 's weirdly charming . rebecca ( mock ) een traffic skewl ? simon I be a good driver , I be . I learn everything from american television . Hunter , Magnum p.i. -- the knight Rider be a excellent program . the door open at the beckys ' floor . they get off . Rebecca turn ... rebecca do you want to be get high with we ? 51 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 70 int . the beckys ' HOTEL room - night 70 while Rebecca smoke up , Becky tear a kleenex in half . she roll each piece into a plug , shove one up each nostril . becky ( explain ) otherwise , I can not hold it in . Simon hand she the pipe and the lighter . Rebecca blow a perfect smoke ring at Simon . he smile , a little smoke escape . she lean close and kiss he . softly at first , then harder . they be a few beat into it when ... becky oh my God ! her kleenex be on fire , flame in each nostril . hand wave , she stand up . snort hard . the plug shoot out , landing on the carpet , which begin to smolder . Simon stamp the flame out . rebecca you be fine . you be fine . Becky be cry . rebecca ( to Simon ) tell she she 's fine . simon you be beautiful . he kiss she . after a moment , she panic subside . she kiss he back . 71 int . HOTEL room - later 71 Simon slide between the two beckys , three naked body clenching and release . close on simon breathe harder and faster , faster , until he suddenly stop . the expression on he face be agonizing , like a tightrope walker about to lose he balance . the beckys stop to watch he , worried he might be hurt . finally , he breathes again . ( continued ) 52 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 71 continued : 71 becky do you go ? he shake he head . becky why not ? simon tantra , baby . later a new position , Rebecca on top and sweat . next to Simon , Becky be pass out and snoring . it 's only as we look over Rebecca 's back that we see the curtain be on FIRE . on the bed , Simon lie motionless in aching nirvana . his head turn . he see the flame . and do nothing . Rebecca reach climax with a inhuman series of moan . it 's on the third of this that the smoke alarm suddenly bleat . it settles into a pierce whine . Becky fall out of bed , disorient . see the fire and scream . Rebecca climb off Simon to attack the flame with a pillow , beat they down . holding she head together , Becky try to reach the smoke detector itself . amid the chaos , Simon feel for he shoe . 72 int . hallway / elevator BAY - night 72 in the elevator on the right , Simon jab at the button while get he jeans on . as he door slide close , the leave elevator open , revealing hotel security . 73 int . casino men' room - night 73 Gentle Christmas muzak . at the sink , Marcus wet he finger to fix he hair . a old texan wash he hand at the next sink , look around for a towel . Marcus take two from the dispenser , hand they over . when he 's finish , the Texan set the crumpled towel on the counter , along with a dollar bill . he tap he hat and leave . ( continued ) 53 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 73 continued : 73 a beat before Marcus see the bill and make the connection . he shout to the close door ... marcus I be not a bathroom attendant ! 74 int . by the elevator - night 74 not break he stride , Simon catch Marcus come out the restroom . simon hey . we be leave . marcus fuck yeah . 75 ext . HOTEL entrance - night 75 seethe , Marcus join Simon in line for a cab . a white Ferrari pull up to the curb beside they . the ferrari man toss the key at Marcus , who can not help but catch they . ferrari man keep it close and there 's a extra ten buck for you . he slip Marcus a five as he rush into the casino . a beat . Simon be crack up . as we reverse , we see the valet be wear the same yellow sportcoat as Marcus . marcus get in . get in the car . get in . 76 int . the ferrari / drive on freeway - night 76 top off , wind whipping . Marcus downshift , let the engine race as he pass another sport car . the stereo be blast . pale and daze , Simon try to light a cigarette . it blow out of he finger . it be he last . he adjust himself in he seat , uncomfortable . simon ( shouting over noise ) question . when you be do tantra , you hold it in at the end , right ? ( continued ) 54 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 76 continued : 76 marcus no. never . redirect the energy , but you never hold it in . have not you ever get blue ball ? hurt like a bitch . simon ( nodd ) sort of a dull ache . marcus exactly . Marcus look over to Simon , who be try to get he breath . 77 int . ferrari / drive downtown - later 77 empty intersection , no traffic to speak of . Marcus be look for a cross-street . they be lose . marcus see if there 's a map . Simon go through the glove compartment . amid the condom and parking ticket , he find one . simon Orange County . he throw it out . he try to shut the compartment , but it 's catch on something . he reach in ... simon Holy shit . Marcus look over . Simon gently pull out a 'mm baretta . fascinate , he turn it over in he hand . Marcus try to keep a eye on the road . marcus do not point it at I ! simon how do I know if it 's load ? marcus first , you stop point it at I . Simon aim the other way , out the window . as they drive through a intersection , they pass a car full of local . marcus floor. floor ! ( continued ) 55 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 77 continued : 77 Simon throw the gun to the floor . Marcus flinch , expect it to go off . it do not . he check the rear-view mirror . no trouble . Simon pick up the gun again . simon I have never hold a real gun before . it 's heavier than I think . marcus great , put it back . simon I want to know if it 's load . how do I ... he start pull and push on it , try to get the clip out . he 's not go to stop until he do it or shoot himself try . marcus hold the wheel . Marcus remove the clip , hand it over . Simon count the bullet . simon I hold ten men' life in my hand . marcus it 's a nine millimeter . it do not have stop power . simon right . for that you would need Magnum Force . 78 ext . 7 - eleven - night 78 at a pull - up payphone , Marcus be look through the map in the phone book . Simon be still fondle the gun . simon this be why I come here . this be America . I be serious . you want to take one symbol for all of America , it 's not the flag or the hawk ... marcus ... eagle ... simon ...or the automobile . America be about a man and a gun . ( more ) ( continued ) 56 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 78 continued : 78 simon ( cont would ) from the american revolution , to take the West , kill Indians , american history be all about access to firearm . in England , we can not even own a gun . here , it 's a birthright . ( beat ) if I be a american , I would join the e.r.a . marcus the n-r-a . he tear a page out of the phone book . simon you be certain ? marcus the e.r.a. be this chick thing in the `70s . simon chick with gun ? a beat . give up ... marcus yes . 79 int . HOTEL room - night 79 tiny lie on the bed , watch a bad hotel porno . Singh come out of the bathroom , pale and shiver . singh kill I . tiny I be not you bitch . kill yourself . knocking at the adjoin room door . they try to ignore it , but it 's relentless . finally , tiny answer it . tiny what the fuck ? it 's the same boy . boy you get some smoke ? tiny you get some pubic hair yet ? ( continued ) 56A . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 79 continued : 79 boy man , I have be smoking up since I be eight . tiny where be you mom at ? he push past the kid ... 57 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 80 int . the other room - night 80 the mirror image of they room . the same porno play on the tv . kleenex on the bed . boy she 's not my mom . tiny rummages through the open suitcase , finally find a bottle of pepto-bismol . he crack the seal and drink half of it on the spot . boy be you on heroin ? be you kick ? tiny I be kick you ass if you knock again . tiny go back into the other room , pull the door shut . boy fuck you . 81 ext . parking lot / crazy horse - night 81 sodium vapor light buzz overhead . Simon adjust something in he coat while Marcus lock the Ferrari . approaching the entrance ... marcus listen up . they be go to ask if you want buy a bottle of champagne . you do not , but do not say that right off . simon explain . marcus Champagne mean you want a private dance . you can not afford it , neither can I . but if they know we be not bite , they do not even dangle the bait . simon so , " champagne " be a code . ( beat ) what do vodka mean ? ( continued ) 58 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 81 continued : 81 marcus nothing . at the door , Marcus stop Simon before he go in . marcus we have one word , champagne . you can order anything you want , anything , as long as it 's not champagne . 82 int . the crazy horse - night 82 pitch black except for tiny Christmas light . to Simon 's leave , a skanky middle - aged couple play video poker . at the bar , Marcus shout to the bartender -- the music be deafen . out of the shadow , two dancer approach . they split up , blonde holly take Simon , while brunette noelle head for Marcus . Holly offer Simon a hand , they shake . she lean close to talk into he ear . he smile . noelle tap Marcus on the shoulder , duck to the other side playfully . take a sip of he drink . Simon point to Marcus . Holly nod , feel the fabric of he shirt . noelle laugh at something Marcus say . Holly measure she hand against Simon 's , rub it against she neck . he be stare at she magnificent breast . at noelle 's urging , Marcus flexe he bicep . noelle flutter . we come in close as Holly lean over to say something . Simon speak first ... simon I would like to buy you most expensive bottle of champagne . 83 int . short hallway - night 83 a curtain at the end , blue light overhead . Holly lead the way with a bottle of champagne . noelle follow with glass . behind they , the guy . Marcus give Simon a look . Simon shrug it off . ( continued ) 59 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 83 continued : 83 the curtain part , let the woman through . from the darken space beyond , a giant bouncer step out -- massive even compare to Marcus . he 's suck on a lollipop . VIC JR . I need a major credit card . Marcus look to Simon , who hand over the gold card . Vic Jr. read they the boilerplate ... VIC JR . this be a gentleman 's club . you be expect to behave as gentleman . I will be give you one rule . if you break this rule , I will break you arm . be we clear ? marcus yes . VIC JR . the lady can touch you . you can not touch they . at any point , for any reason . be this clear ? simon Crystal . VIC JR . enjoy you evening . he pull back the curtain . 84 int . private room - night 84 a mirrore ball spin overhead , star racing across the black panele . Holly nudge Simon into he chair . he and Marcus sit back to back . as the champage pop , we move into a series of overlap shot : noelle lick the foam from Holly 's finger . Holly rub the bottle against herself , pour . noelle and Holly dance together , a tinsel ribbon around they . Simon adjust himself in the crotch . noelle light a cigar for Marcus as Holly dance alone . Holly lift she miniskirt to reveal a g-string . Simon crane he neck back , bang head with Marcus . ( continued ) 60 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 84 continued : 84 noelle take a puff off the cigar . Holly straddle Simon , rub against he . he shudder . his hand start to rise . she gently push they back down . Marcus whisper something to noelle . noelle come up behind Holly , move with she as she rub against Simon . Marcus turn to watch . enrapture , Simon watch the four-arm woman on top of he . his finger start to twitch . noelle kiss the edge of Holly 's neck . Simon 's hand rise , reach ... Holly moan ... and suddenly ... Simon grab noelle 's ass . it 's Heaven . noelle ( yell ) hand ! hand ! noelle and Holly both get off he . Holly kick he leg . from behind the curtain , Vic Jr. charge in . he head straight for Marcus . noelle the other one ! Simon tumble off he chair , scramble . VIC JR . what the fuck do I tell you ! he kick Simon in the ass . marcus yo . yo ! he fuck up , he lose control . VIC JR . be I talk to you ? I be talk to you faggot friend here . he kick Simon again . Holly and noelle stand in the corner . this have happen a hundred time . marcus we be leave . ( continued ) 61 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 84 continued : ( 2 ) 84 Vic Jr. kick Simon again . marcus enough ! stop kick he . ( no effect ) I say to fuck stop kick he . Vic Jr. turn on Marcus . a beat . he shove he , hard . marcus I be not try to throw down here . VIC jr. ( another shove ) you think you can kick my ass ? marcus I do not want to try . Vic Jr. whack Marcus , a old - fashioned bitch slap . a beat . Marcus try to keep the rage down . feel he nose bleed . he back away , but Vic Jr. keep come . suddenly ... a gunshot . scream . for a beat , no one 's sure what happen . we look around to Marcus . Vic Jr. Holly . noelle . then finally Simon . he just fire . the gun be steady in he hand . Marcus check he shirt . a spray of blood . Vic Jr. check he arm . it 's bleed . we hold for a moment , the mirrore ball still spin overhead . simon everybody back the fuck away . they do . Marcus hold he place . marcus oh , man . fuck . blood be squirting out of Vic Jr. 's arm . he hold it , dumbfounded . ( continued ) 62 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 84 continued : ( 3 ) 84 simon ( to Holly ) be there another way out ? holly behind you . a fire escape door . Simon motion for Marcus to come . push the bar , no alarm sound . they back out , into the night . the door swing shut . a beat . suddenly , a man charge in with a silver .45 . he be Vic sr. , 60 , owner and proprietor . you do not fuck with Victor . victor what happen ! holly they shot Vic . they go out the back . Victor kick the door open , ready to fire . the alley be clear . the bartender come through the curtain . victor ( hand off gun ) find they . the man race out . Victor look at he son 's arm . it 's bloody , but he will live . Holly shout down the hallway . holly call 911 . victor no ! no cop . 85 ext . parking lot - night 85 the Ferrari scrape as it take the curb too fast . from the alley , the bartender chase after it , finally stop to squeeze off three shot . none seem to hit . the Ferrari tear down the street . 86 int . ferrari / drive - night 86 take a leave , Marcus slow down a little . we be on a empty street well away from the crazy horse . he dab at he bloody nose . ( continued ) 63 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 86 continued : 86 in the passenger seat , Simon look at the gun in the hand . he suddenly throw it out . marcus what be you do ? simon get rid of the weapon . Marcus slam on the brake . marcus it have you fingerprint on it . simon oh shit . craning around , Simon look for it in the street . Marcus back the car up . suddenly , a phone ring . light flicker on the car phone . simon do we answer ? Marcus brake again . the phone keep ringing . marcus it 's probably Orange County ask where the hell he car be . simon it 's a cell phone . they can trace where we be even if we do not answer . marcus get the gun . go. find it . Simon climb out and start look , crouching to look under car . in the Ferrari , Marcus sit back and kick the phone with he boot , over and over until it stop , dead . for a moment , silence . then the car 's alarm start go off . Marcus scream with frustration . he punch button on the keychain , but nothing will quiet it . he try the key in the ignition . it will not turn over . climb out of the car , he kick it with all he might . Simon find the gun , crawl under a truck to get it . ( continued ) 64 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 86 continued : ( 2 ) 86 use he jacket , Marcus start frantically wiping off the inside and outside of the Ferrari . Simon join he . the whole time , the alarm be still wailing . satisfied , Marcus motion that they be do . he and Simon take off run down the street . 87 int . victor' office - night 87 a bent needle pierce two flap of skin , draw a line of blood with the thread . Victor tie another stitch in Vic Jr. 's arm . he 's have practice at this . in the background , the bartender and noelle be watch . Victor 's tirade be direct at all of they . victor just because a rapper have a white buddy do not mean he 's sidney Fucking poitier . you check they . you pat they down . VIC jr. ( gritt tooth ) I know . victor ( to noelle ) and you , you be on top of he . you do not feel anything . she shake she head , cry . victor [ cont would ] this thing . this thing be a wall of shit . it be a fuck call from on high that I have to leave . I have to get out before this all just fall in on I . Vic Jr. wince with pain . victor [ cont would ] you know what wake I up in the middle of the night , cover in sweat ? you be not any worse than anyone else of you fuck up generation . towel . noelle hand he a towel to mop up the blood . victor [ cont would ] in the old day , you know how you get to the top ? by be better than the guy ahead of you . ( more ) ( continued ) 65 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 87 continued : 87 victor [ cont would ] ( cont would ) how do you people get to the top ? by be so fuck incompetent that the guy ahead of you can not even do he job , he fall on he ass and congratulation , you be on top . only now the top be down here when it use to be up here and you do not even know the difference . he finish the last stitch , tie it off . victor [ cont would ] my generation , we be dinosaur . we be gonna die . you be gonna kill we off . but you will never be dinosaur . you be little fuck rat and that 's all you be ever go to be . Holly look in , hold a gold card . Victor motion , " well ? " she hand it over . holly they say they be from Los Angeles . noelle nod . victor then they must be stay somewhere , be not that right noelle ? noelle nod harder , cry again . 88 int . HOTEL room bathroom - night 88 pale and dehydrated , tiny sit on the toilet . he hum the theme to " I dream of jeannie . " 89 int . HOTEL room - night 89 announcer [ v.o. , on t.v . ] once Karen learn this simple rule , she discover blackjack be as easy as it be fun . Singh be propped up on one of the bed . he 's just this side of death . toilet flushing . tiny come out of the bathroom , take the other bed . announcer [ v.o . ] Steve decide to try he hand at crap . ( continued ) 66 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 89 continued : 89 tiny resume humming . after a few beat , Singh join in with the theme to " bewitch . " the melody blend surprisingly well . just into the second chorus , the phone ring . tiny yo! mmmhmm . room 875 . he hang up . singh who be that ? tiny some shit , I dunno . 90 int . ram charger - night 90 in the passenger seat , Vic Jr. flip a cell phone shut . he be work through the yellow page . VIC JR . they be at the riviera . Victor change lane . he slam on the horn , shout at the car that cut he off . victor motherfucker ! 91 ext . the strip - night 91 climb out of a cab , Marcus throw two bill at the driver . Simon be already run down the sidewalk . 92 int . HOTEL lobby - night 92 Simon furiously pound the elevator button . with a ding , door finally open . he and Marcus get on . the door shut . in the same shot , we whip back to look at the lobby , where Victor and Vic Jr. have just enter . they walk calmly but quickly . 93 int . elevator - night 93 Victor press the ` 8 ' button . the mirrore door close . half a beat later , they open again . ( continued ) 67 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 93 continued : 93 a pleasant retired couple get on . Press ` 4 . ' the door do not close . the woman press the ` door open ' button . the man the other one , honey . she see she mistake . the door finally close . in the reflection , the man look back at Victor and Vic Jr. smile . the woman sure be a fun way to spend Christmas , be not it ? no answer . the door open . the woman this be not we floor . the man step out of the elevator , look around . the man maybe we be five . the woman or six . we will try both . she reach for the panel . Victor grab she hand . she gasp , startle . without say a word , he shove she off the elevator , banging on the door close button until it finally respond . 94 int . HOTEL room - night 94 Marcus and Simon burst in like a cyclone . Marcus grab he clothes out of the closet . marcus all right , listen up . we be leave in 30 second . grab what you can . tiny what the fuck ? Simon toss Singh he wallet , pocket the key . marcus just do it . now ! the panic be contagious . after a stunne beat , tiny and Singh start move , put on shoe and restuffing suitcase . a knock at the door . everyone freeze . more knocking . ( continued ) 68 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 94 continued : 94 voice in hall room service . Simon step gingerly to the door , look out the peephole . he p.o.v. a fleshy hand block the fisheye . 95 int . hallway - night 95 Victor and son smile at a couple walk past . when they be go , a giant orange plumber 's wrench drop down from Jr. 's jacket sleeve . 96 int . HOTEL room - night 96 Simon back away from the door , freaking out . Marcus check the window . they be eight storey above a parking lot . tiny knock on the door to the adjoin room tiny ( low ) hey . kid . 97 int . other room - night 97 the kid mute the tv . tiny ( o.s. ) kid . open up the door . boy fuck you . intercut tiny look , I be really sorry , you know ? it 's just , it would be really swell if you would open this door . now . it 's kind of a emergency . boy hundre buck . tiny fuck ! ( continued ) 69 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 97 continued : 97 simon give he the money . he gather money from they wallet . 98 int . hallway - night 98 pull all he weight into it , Vic Jr. begin to pry the door handle off . 99 int . HOTEL room - night 99 the door knob jiggle . whip back to the guy . tiny finally chip in . Simon shove the cash in a wad under the door . they wait . other side the Boy count the money , straighten the bill . tiny ( o.s. ) open now ! 100 int . hallway - night 100 the door handle bend further , further . finally snap . 101 int . HOTEL room - night 101 the far side of the lock mechanism drop to the floor . tiny fuck ! finger reach into the hole , try to pull back the bolt . finally catch it . the door swing open , revealing ... ... a empty room . colt .45 in hand , Victor storm in . check behind door and under bed . the suitcase be half - pack . 102 int . adjoining room - night 102 Singh have he ear to the door . singh ( whisper ) they be in . ( continued ) 70 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 102 continued : 102 Simon peer out the peephole into the hallway . Marcus lift the Boy against the wall . marcus ( whisper ) if you let they in here , they will kill you . understood ? the boy nod . Marcus drop he . Simon open the hallway door a crack . it 's clear . on the count of three , they go . we stay with the boy , who sit back against the window , excited and rich . there 's a knock at the adjoin door . the boy tuck the money away . with a boom , we hear the door be kick open . it only take four blow . boy ( point ) down the hall . that way . 103 int . stairwell - night 103 swing off the railing , the four guy race down the stair . up above , a door slam open . 104 int . parking garage - night 104 running to the cadillac , Singh feel for he key . simon I get `em . as Simon unlock the door , the other three look at each other -- should he really be drive ? the tire smoke as Simon back out . in the distance , Victor and son appear around the corner . Victor motion to go for the truck . 105 int . cadillac / parking garage exit - night 105 a line of car wait to pay at the booth . Simon slam on the brake . look out the back window , Marcus see the bright light of the Ram charger approach . marcus they be right behind we . ( continued ) 71 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 105 continued : 105 tiny who ? in answer to he question , the Ram charger slam into the trunk of the cadillac . Simon crank the wheel , barely avoid the car ahead of he . not slow , Simon aim for the entrance lane , where the bar be come down behind a small Nissan . thread the needle , Simon make it past the car and the gate . the Ram charger smashes through the bar . 105b ext . parking ramp - night 105 B the cadillac charge out of the parking lot , nearly hit another car as it head onto the Strip . look back , we see the Ram charger follow they out . 106 ext . flamingo road - night 106 four a.m. , but there 's still traffic . the cadillac slalom between taxi and tourist . approach a intersection , yellow light ... 106a int . cadillac - night 106a marcus cop. cop ! there 's a police car wait at the stoplight . Simon hit the brake , just short of a squeal . they stop in a middle lane , next to the cop . Simon and Marcus look over to the officer , try to be calm . Singh and tiny peer out the back . the Ram charger slowly approach , no hurry . in the squad car , the Officer take a radio call . drunken tourist walk past . the crosswalk switch to a flash red hand . simon how do they find we ? marcus it 's they town . I be sure they have people . the Ram charger pull in right behind the cadillac . it 's so tall , all we see be the blind headlight through the back window . Singh and tiny slink down . Marcus check the gun on he lap . ( continued ) 71a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 106a continued : 106 a the red hand stop flash . the oppose light go from green to yellow . Simon gently revs the engine . suddenly , a whoop . light flash , the police car make a right turn from the leave lane , cut in front of they . the siren be deafen . Simon see he opportunity . ( continued ) 72 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 106a continued : ( 2 ) 106a gunning the engine , he hang a hard leave , cut across three oncoming lane . the Ram charger try to follow , but the traffic be already move . over the protest of many horn , the pickup finally force its way through . 107 ext . a side STREET - night 107 the cadillac take a corner hard , fishtail into oncoming traffic . tiny scream . Simon pull it back into the lane . in the rear-view mirror , we see the Ram charger , gain . marcus we have to get off the major street . take a right up here . no , not here ! it 's too late . Simon mistake a alley for a actual road . simon hold on . aiming for the alley , Simon hit a curb on the way in . Singh 's head bang against the roof . the passenger - side mirror smashes off against the wall . tiny mother of fuck ! 108 ext . very narrow alley - night 108 just inch of clearance on either side , the alley run behind a series of strip mall and office building . there 's only one way out -- Simon 's aim for the boulevard on the far side . singh ( look out back ) I do not see `em . 108a up ahead 108a the end of the alley approach . from the far edge , a flash orange light . a giant street - sweeper be slowly crossing the alley . we whip back to see the cadillac approach . marcus shit . singh ( look back ) wait , no . they be come in . ( continued ) 73 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 108a continued : 108a behind they , the Ram charger gingerly negotiate a three - point turn into the alley . wider , it scrape against one side . ahead , the street sweeper be block one - quarter of the alley . one-third . a moment of hesitation , then Simon floor it . the caddy hit thirty , forty . engine racing -- marcus we can not make it ! the sweeper be already halfway across the alley . Singh brace for impact . somehow , Simon still think he can clear it . marcus stop ! at the last moment , Simon slam on the brake . they be skid towards it . Marcus grab the wheel and jerk it . the front bumper catch the wall , send the trunk slamming against the far alley wall . a ear-pierce screech . a ribbon of spark shoot off as the front and rear bumper be scrape away . forward momentum finally stop . 109 int . the cadillac - night 109 the abrupt stop send tiny fly into the front seat , where he head smack against the dash . Marcus 's seat break , pinning he . he push back , but Singh yelp in protest . Simon blink , try to figure out if he 's alive . with tiny 's bleed head on he lap , he shift into reverse . 110 ext . alleyway - night 110 the tire spin in place . the car be wedge in tight sideways . further down the alley , we find the break - off side mirror . in its crack face we see five Ram charger approach . a giant tire smashes the mirror to bit . 74 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 111 int . cadillac - night 111 shift gear , Simon try to rock the car back and forth , make no progress . look over he seat , Marcus see the giant pickup head right for they . the headlight be bright enough to cast shadow . force back the seat , Marcus stand up through the open sunroof . aim and fire . once. twice . Three time . 112 int . ram charger - night 112 on the first shot , Vic junior duck down . two bullet punch through the windshield . the third ricochet off the hood . Victor keep the pedal to the floor . he 's not stop . 113 ext . alley - night 113 all four guy duck just before impact . the Ram charger crunch into the side of the cadillac , push it down the alley . more spark shoot off as it go . look ahead , the street sweeper have move past the end of the alley , but the far side of the street beyond be a construction area , flash baricade all around . the Ram charger will push they right into it . 113a int . cadillac - night 113a clear the end of the alley , Simon punch the gas . 113b ext . STREET - night 113b swing wide , the cadillac come free with another crunch . momentum keep the Ram charger head straight for the construction . 113c int . ram charger - night 113c Victor hook the wheel hard , try to avoid it . 74a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 113d ext . STREET - night 113d hitting a park car , the Ram charger tip and roll over , landing on its side . it scrape along the asphalt , finally come to rest . 114 int . cadillac - night 114 Simon fight to regain control , the street outside a blur . over he shoulder , a oncoming yugo can not stop fast enough . the little car hit just in front of the tire , send the cadillac spin back the opposite direction . tiny 's unconscious body fly out the passenger window . Marcus and Singh both grab hold . as Simon rights the spin , the cadillac brushes past the green street sweeper , still hum along . Marcus and Singh pull tiny back in , inch away from decapitation . Simon finally settles into a lane , check the rear-view mirror . 75 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 115 int . rolled ram charger - night 115 we look through the windshield to find Victor pile on top of he son . regain he wit , the old man step on Vic Jr. 's shoulder . get another foot into the steering wheel , climb up to the driver 's door window . 116 ext . STREET - night 116 Victor look out to see the cadillac turn down a side street , out of sight . victor sonofabitch ! 117 ext . highway - night 117 the cadillac , bruise but unbroken , head west . Las Vegas shimmer in the distance . 118 int . cadillac - dawn 118 in the back seat , tiny be propped up with a bloody shirt press to he head . Singh have he foot up to brace the back of Marcus 's seat . singh just so we be clear . you steal a car , shot a bouncer , and have sex with two woman ? tiny you have sex with two woman ? Simon ignore they , still check he rear-view mirror . simon we can be in Mexico by noon . I say we split up from there . I will take baja . marcus fuck Mexico . we be go home . to L.A. ( continued ) 76 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 118 continued : 118 singh Simon , think about it . if they be go to call the cop , they would have call they in Las Vegas . they just want we go , and we be go . it 's over . Simon check the mirror , check the road . with a deep breath , he try to believe . but do not . 119 ext . STREET / crash scene - dawn 119 Vic Jr. peel back he bandage to check the bleed . his father be at a payphone . in the background , we see a tow truck start to pull the Ram charger back upright . victor ( on phone ) Tommy , it 's Vic . I need you to run a credit card for I . you ready ? he take the gold card from he pocket . victor first name ` Todd . ' last name ` gaine . ' g-a-i-n-e-s. Vic Jr. look to he dad . fade out . fade in : 120 omit 120 121 omit 121 121a int . supermarket stockroom - day 121a off-screen , a soap opera play . Claire lean beside Simon . his eye track ronna as she pass . ( continued ) 76a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 121a continued : 121a claire ( low ) do not . simon why not ? claire she 's be on for fourteen hour . at she locker , ronna misdial the combination . frustrate , she pound the locker , then re-dial . Simon approach ronna gingerly . we stay back with Claire , who set to work open a box of expire cookie . she half - listen as ronna and Simon have they discussion at the locker , then at the time clock . Simon follow ronna out into the alley . Claire take a seat atop a crappy console tv , eat a oatmeal cookie . the voice on the soap opera seem familiar . male voice # 1 I be not the man you be look for . male voice # 2 we both know you be on the pier . you see what happen to carmen . ( continued ) 77 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 121a continued : ( 2 ) 121a we drop down to see the tv . onscreen , a police interrogation room . the cop be play by Adam . the accuse be play by Zack . zack do not forget , detective . I be clear of all charge . adam I do not care how many high - priced lawyer you bring in . eden Valley will never stand for you kind of scum . as the music rise , we push in on Zack . push in on Adam . the tv image fade out . 122 int . bathroom at falafel hut - day 122 Adam stand mostly naked , he shirt off he shoulder and jeans around he ankle . Loop -- the white dreadlock guy -- retape a transmitter on he thigh . a wire run up to a microphone on he chest . Zack and burke be by the door , watch . the bathroom be really cramped . burke you work out , do not you ? adam you have to . it 's in the contract . burke no , you have a great body . the door start to open , someone try to come in . burke hold it shut . ( continued ) 78 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 122 continued : 122 burke hey ! people in here ! whoever be try to come in give up . burke pull a college sweatshirt out of a shopping bag , hand it to Zack . motion that he 's suppose to wear it . as he 's put it on ... zack just so we be clear . whether you get something on this guy or not , Adam and I be do today . finish . charge drop . that 's how it work , right ? burke smile , a amused roll of the eye . zack what ? burke seem to I , if a guy 's so concerned about the legal process , how come he find himself get bust for possession ? Adam and Zack share a look . a beat . burke relax . I sign you form and the whole thing go away . you lawyer get you a good deal . Loop sit back , he job finish . adam be it safe to have a radio against my ball like this ? a beat . loop safe enough . a beep as he press a button . his headphone register . 123 int . falafel hut - day 123 a small sit-down dive in West Hollywood . the four man finish lunch . loop I think my girlfriend watch you show . ( continued ) 78a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 123 continued : 123 burke tell they what you girlfriend do . loop she do not do anything . burke they be not even marry and she do nothing . my wife -- we have be marry two year -- she still take overtime three night a week . Loop bow to burke 's superiority . burke [ cont 'd ] my wife 's a deputy sherriff , you believe that ? a cop and a sherriff , marry . it 's like the freakin ' odd couple . ( continued ) 79 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 123 continued : ( 2 ) 123 zack I smell a pilot . burke be oblivious to sarcasm . Loop 's pita be self - destruct . he eat faster , try to finish before it fall apart . burke you guy get girlfriend ? what be I say ? you gotta lot of girlfriend do not you ? you get woman send you they panty . two good - look guy ... ( to Loop ) what do you say ? loop ( mouth full ) pussy magnet . burke if I be not a happily marry man I would be rub up against you to get some of that . ( off Loop 's reaction ) some of the pussy power . Zack offer Loop a napkin . he pass . adam actually , I be settle down . four year now . loop ( still chew ) no ring . adam nothing legal . drain the rest of he Coke , burke get up to dump he tray . burke ( to Zack ) how about you ? zack same . burke this be a crime . you two should be out get laid . 80 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 124 ext . by a payphone - day 124 Loop stand nearby while Adam talk to no one in particular . adam Star light , star bright first star that I see tonight ... 125 int . burke's car - day 125 burke and Zack listen to a radio recorder . adam [ cont 'd , filter ] ... I wish I may , I wish I might ... burke turn the volume down , pick up he walkie-talkie . burke ( on walkie- talkie ) that 's good . I be get he . through the window , we can see Loop and Adam approach . we hear low chatter as they talk . burke so , Zack . what do you girlfriend look like ? zack about five - eight , brown hair , blue eye . burke hot . zack yeah . burke she faithful ? zack no . I do not think so . burke you faithful ? zack not anymore . 81 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 126 int . burke's car / drive - day 126 burke drive , with Loop in the passenger seat and Adam and Zack in back . burke ( to Loop ) Zack 's girlfriend be fuck around on he . loop man , I be sorry . how do you find out ? on adam , corner of he eye . zack it 's no big ... I do not really want to get into it . loop c'mon , tell we . adam absolutely . tell we . there 's a palpable tension between Adam and Zack . the other do not see it . zack I find sock . burke what , red sock , blue sock ? zack White sock . you know how the good kind of sock have band around the ankle that keep they from stretch out ? when I move in , every one of the sock have that . suddenly , there be one sock that do not . burke you hear that ? we get John sherlock holme in the car here . we pull into the parking lot of the grocery store . Adam turn on Zack . ( continued ) 82 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 126 continued : 126 adam alright . but you have be fuck around , too . zack only after I find out . adam huh . 127 int . grocery store - day 127 at the refrigerator section , both Adam and Zack reach for orange juice . both back off . Adam motion , after you . adam so , Zack . do you know who you girlfriend 's fuck ? he over- articulate , as if speak for a learn English now ! tape . Zack do likewise . they animosity be palpable . zack no , Adam . I do not . I have suspicion . mostly former boyfriend who keep call . adam what a coincidence . I have the exact same problem with my girlfriend . in fact , I think she 's be sleep around on I , too . zack be not it ironic . adam do not you think ? ( beat ) maybe I should start check for sock , too . Zack 's glare could strip paint . as Adam and Zack head for the front , we reverse to find mannie and Claire , who have be watch the spat while restock . claire Gay man be so hot . it 's tragic . 83 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 128 int . front of the store - day 128 Zack push the cart past the checkstand , look at each cashier -- they be all female . Adam be start to panic . in near whisper ... adam he 's not here . what be we suppose to do ? he 's not here . zack we be go to ask . you be go to ask . adam why I ? zack you look more wholesome . just improv . he steer the cart into ronna 's checkstand , where she 's wait on a clutchy Old woman who eye everything suspiciously . Zack pull out he cell phone , fake dial . adam who be you call ? zack nobody . I be give you a open . 129 int . car in parking lot - day 129 Adam and Zack approach on either side of the car , get in the back . burke and Loop be wait . adam he be not there . the british guy , he be not there . loop no , we hear . you guy do great . burke this chick ... ( check notebook ) ronna . you think she can score ? adam maybe . zack probably . ( continued ) 84 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 129 continued : 129 burke then that 's all we need . it 's all connect . the circle of life . 130 ext . STREET in hollywood - night 130 wait in the Beast , mannie drum he finger to the music . 131 ext . front of gaine ' apartment - night 131 Claire be argue with ronna . she finally relent and go upstairs with she . 132 int . burke's car - night 132 burke be watch through binocular . Adam , Zack and Loop be in the car with he . burke now they be both go . what 's up with that ? 132a int . venice house / MAIN room - night 132a Adam and Zack stand around as burke get the house ready , move furniture and poof pillow , as if it 's remotely believable . zack so if she get the stuff , what , you arrest she ? burke we try to bring she over . ( beat ) see , we arrest she and then what ? one crack whore off the street . so we cut she a deal . she help we get this guy . we cut he a deal . he help we get the guy above he . it 's just like what happen with you . zack so , sooner or later , everybody 's work for the man . burke exactly . ( continued ) 84a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 132a continued : 132a Adam motion to leave it alone . Zack will not . loop ( lean out the back room ) she 's come up . burke crack he neck , showtime . ( continued ) 85 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 132a continued : ( 2 ) 132a zack what if she be not really a dealer though ? if you just pull she into this one thing , would not that be entrapment ? burke if she 's make this deal , she 's a dealer . do not matter if its she first or she last . we stay on Zack , unconvince . 133 int . venice house - night 133 Zack look over as burke come out of the kitchen . burke cerveza ? he hand ronna the beer . adam ( to burke ) oh yeah . hey . we buy a whole bunch of orange juice . it 's in the car . ronna have halfway figure out what 's go on . burke now , Zack tell I you get 20 at 20 , be that right ? ronna ( suddenly ) you get a bathroom ? adam down the hall on the right . zack let I show you ... slow motion stepping towards ronna , he back to burke . he very deliberately mouth a silent ... zack go. ronna see it . her eye go wider . Zack nod . ( continued ) 86 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 133 continued : 133 in the background , burke be try to look around . ronna turn , head down the hall . up above , the camera be watch . for a just a second , Zack smile . 134 int . venice house - later 134 burke slam Zack up against the wall , twist a arm behind he . he kick he foot apart , then start to cuff he . Zack be in considerable pain . burke ( to Adam ) now watch what I do with he wrist . I twist it away while I put on the second cuff . that way he can not go after I . he do not have any leverage . he release he hold on Zack , he hand cuffed behind he . burke I watch all this cop show and they never do it right . piss I off . Loop emerge from the back room , carry a big box of videotape on he way out . burke hey , feel the abs on this one . he rub Zack 's stomach . burke you could scrub laundry on this . loop ( be : box ) full hand . Loop pause at the door , look around . he 's forget something . burke what ? a beat . Loop can not remember what it be . loop nothing . I be out of it . merry Christmas , guy . good to meet you . ( continued ) 86a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 134 continued : 134 Adam wave . Zack nod . Loop shut the door behind himself . now its just the three man . a awkward beat . zack we be do , now , right ? that 's what we talk about . whether or not the deal go through , we just have to do we part . ( continued ) 87 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 134 continued : ( 2 ) 134 burke you do you part . zack ( relieved ) great . well , hey . a pleasure . he turn to the side , offer burke he handcuffs to undo . burke make no motion to do so . burke now that he 's go , there 's something I want to ask you guy about . sort of a proposition . ( beat ) see , my wife and I -- irene , she 's my wife -- we be both work on Christmas so we be gonna have Christmas dinner tonight . and I be think , maybe you guy would want to come over , eat some dinner with we . my wife be great , you will love she , then I will sign you form . how do that sound ? a beat . zack actually , you know , I have plan . adam you do ? zack I do . adam with you girlfriend ? zack yes , Adam , in fact . with my girlfriend . adam huh. ( beat ; another ; then suddenly ) wow , I can not believe I forget this . I see you girlfriend this morning , and she ask I to tell you that she could not make you plan tonight . Zack stare at Adam , a " why be you do this " look . ( continued ) 87a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 134 continued : ( 3 ) 134 adam ( to burke ) it look like we be both free . 135 ext . a tiny house in culver CITY - night 135 Zack hit the alarm for he red miata , which bwoops . he and Adam walk to the door , hostility simmer . a prefab nativity scene glow beside the front door . Adam push the doorbell , which chime " hark ye Herald angel sing . " horrify , Zack turn to leave . Adam stop he . 136 int . live / dine room - night 136 too tall for the room , a Christmas tree lean back in a corner . the rest of the live room be dominate by a giant leather sofa pit . bore , Adam lift a plate to check the imprint . he set it down , straighten it . now it 's out of alignment with the other plate . he look around casually . no one 's watch . circle the table , he fix all the plate and move silverware to its proper position . 88 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 137 int . kitchen - night 137 burke 's wife irene be mash potato with considerable zeal . Adam lean in , see she dedication and try to duck out . but she see he . irene yes ? hi ? adam sorry . phone. message . check ? irene here . she point . he sheepishly cross to get it . while he 's dial , irene start in with the electric mixer . butter . milk. Salt . Adam do not know where to look while he 's listen to he message . he suddenly smile . irene notice and stop mixing . adam ( be : phone ) they be sing Christmas carol . my family . Minnesota , they do that . she lean close to listen . smile . she continue to lean close -- uncomfortably close -- for a long beat . 138 int . bedroom - night 138 we hear a toilet flush . Zack emerge from the bathroom to find burke stark naked , rub he hand over he body . zack sorry . burke no , stay for a sec . burke spray more cologne on he hand . burke smell this . what do it smell like ? Zack shake he head , do not know . burke ck one . but it 's not . ( continued ) 89 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 138 continued : 138 zack really . burke I get this for a quarter what that stuff cost . zack it 's nice . burke here . he spray some on Zack 's hand , who do not want it . while burke turn to get some underwear , Zack try to rub it off on the bedspread . burke ( be : bedspread ) it 's down . so be the liner . zack it be soft . burke get on . zack that 's okay . burke push Zack back flat the bed . burke do you hear that ? zack hear what ? burke exactly . individually wrap spring . top quality . burke climb onto the bed beside he . burke I could be do aerobics over here and you would not feel it . zack I sure would not . a beat . ( continued ) 90 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 138 continued : ( 2 ) 138 burke so , Zack . would you say you be open to new thing ? 139 int . kitchen - night 139 irene be back whipping the potato . irene of course you like you job . you get to kiss all that pretty girl . adam ( mock bashful ) it do have perk . irene pop the beater out of the mixer , hand one to Adam . they lick the potato off they . irene tell I something . when you kiss that girl , you be not really kissing they , be you ? adam it 's a stage kiss . you lip touch , but there 's no tongue . irene there 's no feel . nobody get jealous . adam it 's act . it 's not real . she take he clean beater from he , dump it in the sink . turn back , she kiss he . caught off guard , he back into the refrigerator . it 's a good three - second lip lock . she back off . there 's a awkward beat . adam see , now , that . there be a tongue there . burke ( o.s. ) honey , red or white ? now dress , burke come in with two bottle of wine . Zack be behind he at a distance , still creepe out from the bedroom encounter . he and Adam trade panicked stare . irene what go with turkey ? ( continued ) 91 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 139 continued : 139 adam and zack White . 140 int . dine room - night 140 irene slide a plate under the candlestick , where wax be drip onto the tablecloth . burke tip the bottle at Adam . burke more wine ? zack no . he do not want any more . unless he do , do you ? adam no . zack this have be great , just wonderful , but we be go to need to leave . soon . Adam 's not feel well . adam I be not . it 's true . burke and irene share a look . burke if you gotta go , then I understand . ( awkward beat ) but irene and I sort of have a ulterior motive invite you here . Zack look to Adam . irene he make it sound sinister . it 's not . burke she 's right . okay , you have look around we place . where do you think we get most of this stuff ? Adam and Zack shake they head . irene just guess . adam sear ? ( continued ) 92 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 140 continued : 140 zack j.c. penney 's ? irene and burke both smile . burke it 's actually from confederate product . almost everything in this house be from confederate product , from the toilet paper to the mattress to that candle . irene the wine . burke even that cologne you like . ( practice ) see , confederate product be a multi - level direct wholesale company . that mean we do not just sell the product ourselves , we also recruit and manage team who work under we . irene and I start eight month ago and we be already bring in fifty thousand a year in revenue . irene we be the number four distributor in Southern California . by March , we might be number three . she cross she finger . so do burke . we look to Zack , horrify . burke now , as law enforcement officer , irene and I can not recruit distributor from inside the force . it 's against the rule and we would get fire . so what we do be look for people in other industry ... irene ... like the entertainment industry . zack wait. ( realize ) you want we to sell amway . burke confederate product . it 's a different company , different quality of product . ( continued ) 93 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 140 continued : ( 2 ) 140 Zack and Adam share a look of disbelief and wonder . 141 ext . front of burke's house - night 141 walk to the miata , Adam take the key . Zack fold a form . zack I need to do something terrifically unwholesome . I need to bathe in sin . adam with I , or one of you other boyfriend ? 142 int . liquor store on pico - night 142 Adam check a low shelf for the right brand of scotch . Zack kneel beside he . zack I have cheat on you with exactly one guy . adam ditto . zack who ? adam no. see , if I tell you , you will freak out and it will be drama . bad not - funny roseanne kind of drama and I be just not up for it . he find the right brand . by the register they wait in a short line . zack I will tell you mine . adam no . zack why not ? ( continued ) 94 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 142 continued : 142 adam you can not wait to tell I , can you ? you be gloat . you think yours be better than mine . zack I do not . adam it 's Sean connery , be not it ? zack Count of three . adam alright . sure. wait. ( reconsider ) okay . with finger , they both count off " one . two. Three . " adam zack * ** Jimmy . Jimmy in makeup . adam Jimmy ? zack Jimmy . Jimmy . they both stand for a moment , bewilder . it 's they turn at the register . Adam set the bottle down . a doorbell ring . 143 int . high rise apartment hallway - night 143 a apartment door open to reveal a chubby girl in sweat ( sandra ) with a cordless phone and giant bowl of popcorn . she drop the former into the latter . adam be Jimmy here ? sandra oh my God . oh. my god. she 's thrilled and disbely at the same time . she fish the phone out of the bowl . ( continued ) 95 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 143 continued : 143 sandra ( to phone ) I will call you back . ( to they ) Jimmy 's not here . he go to this thing . let I find it . she can not decide whether to close the door on they or not , so she only shut it halfway . she poke she head out the door again . sandra you do know , do not you ? zack we know . sandra I take no responsibilty . I be only a innocent bystander . but there be once where you miss each other by three minute . it be so exciting . she find what she be look for on the back of the door . peel off a print card . sandra it 's some sort of rave thing . zack ( take card ) Mary Xmas supafest . sandra he leave a hour ago . Adam and Zack head back down the hall . she call out after they . sandra you be not go to kill he , be you ? the little shit owe I rent . 144 ext . warehouse / mary XMAS supafest - night 144 at the door , bouncers stamp hand . we move down the line of people wait to get in , stop on Adam and Zack . zack okay , I just have to say this . the thing be , about Jimmy , he be not even that good . ( continued ) 96 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 144 continued : 144 adam I know . zack mediocre at best . and the sound he make , God . it be like have sex with nell . Adam imitate the moan . zack somewhere off Greenland , hunchback whale be beach themselves . adam and the ear thing . hello , I have q-tip . that 's really not necessary . zack the only thing I will give he credit for be the oral . adam what do you mean ? he be terrible . at some point I just have to stop he and correct year of bad technique . I have to take he by the ear and retrain he from the throat up . a beat . zack when be that ? adam October , maybe ? zack early October . and he suddenly get so much better . a beat . adam that be so disturbing . it 's like you be there . 145 int . supafest - night 145 Claire cut through the crowd with two empty cup , in search of beverage . at the bar ( continued ) 97 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 145 continued : 145 a sloe - eye blonde boy ( jimmy ) make friendly with the bartender , who be too busy to flirt . rebuffed , Jimmy scan the crowd . Zack come up behind he , grab he by the waist . Jimmy smile , kiss he hello . Adam come up from the other side , blow in Jimmy 's ear . Jimmy be so coke up that it take he a beat to make the connection . Zack plus Adam equal bad . he smile nervously . Zack take a pair of child safety scissors from he jacket . confused , Jimmy try to back away . Adam hold he tight . grabbing a fistful of hair , Zack cut it off at the scalp . he let the hair fall to the floor . tuck away the scissors , he and Adam walk off . 146 ext . field - night ( raining ) 146 the tiny miata maneuver through the badly organize parking lot , try to find the way out . 147 int . miata - night ( raining ) 147 Zack give direction from the passenger seat . zack right . this right . this right ! ( pass ) that be the right you want . Adam ignore he , convinced he can get out this way . a beat later , it dead - end in a chain link fence . Zack point to he lip . he do not say a word . Adam slam it in reverse , backtrack . he 's do about 20 when suddenly we hear a loud thump ! by instinct , he slam on the brake . something crash down on the soft roof . zack what the fuck ! ( continued ) 98 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 147 continued : 147 ronna 's face suddenly slam down on the windshield , bleed already . both man scream . her eye be open , stare at they . after a beat , they recognize she . zack oh my God . adam it 's ... it 's that girl . zack ronna . her body continue its slide across the windshield , finally rest on the hood . in a sort of spasm , Adam revs back , shaking the body off . it drop beyond the headlight . Zack look past Adam to see gaine stand there , gun draw . zack go. go. go! adam what if she 's ... zack go! Adam pop the clutch and they lurch backward , out of there . in the mirror gaine step out to watch they go . 148 ext . field / parking lot - night ( rain ) 148 we stay at ditch - level as the headlight retreat . 149 ext . 24/7 gas - night ( rain ) 149 the miata be park at the far island . 150 int . miata - night ( rain ) 150 Adam steady he hand on the wheel . Zack pass he the scotch . he take a gulp , pass it back . the energy be still revve up to 11 -- we do not let ourselves catch a breath . ( continued ) 99 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 150 continued : 150 zack let 's think about it logically . either she 's alive , or she 's dead . if she 's dead , then there 's nothing we can do . if she 's alive , then the guy with the gun , who seem to want to shoot she , probably do shoot she . adam so even if she 's alive , she 's dead . zack exactly . Adam take another drink . zack on the plus side , the only witness be you , I and he . and none of we be go to want to be talk about it . so if you really think about it , it do not turn out as badly as it could have . adam a girl be dead . zack ( snap ) I do not say it go perfectly . Adam get out of the car , walk away . Zack take another swig . 151 ext . side of the gas station - night ( rain ) 151 Adam stop at a payphone . a long moment before he reach for the receiver . with a breath , he dial 911 . operator ( v.o. ) 911 emergen ... he hang up . 152 ext . gas station island - night ( rain ) 152 Zack dunk the squeegee back in the bucket . with a wad of paper towel , he clean the hood of the car . 100 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 153 int . gas station bathroom - night ( rain ) 153 wash he face , Adam look at he reflection in the scratch mirror . he step to the urinal , unbutton . before he can start to piss , he notice something strange . he look down at he crotch . 154 ext . gas station island - night ( rain ) 154 Zack throw away the last of the towel as Adam approach . with a finger to he lip , Adam hold out a mess of tape and wire , all connect to a battery pack . it 's the microphone he be wear . zack Holy sh ... he stop himself . Adam throw the bundle as far as he can . they keep they voice low anyway . zack they would not have be listen all this time . adam hello , they could have be recording it . everything we say could be on tape somewhere . they would know we do it . a beat . zack ( a idea ) what if we be just run line ? for a scene ? Adam will not even dignify that with a answer . a long moment , just the buzz of the light overhead . with a almost eerie calm ... zack there 's a pretty good chance no one 's find she yet . adam they will . ( continued ) 101 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 154 continued : 154 zack no. listen . if there 's no body , there 's no crime . 155 ext . field - night ( rain ) 155 the supafest be still raging in the distance . Adam dig through the trunk of the convertible , frantically rearranging the junk inside . he keep look around the lid , wait for someone to sneak up on they . Zack watch Adam 's fruitless arrange effort . zack stop. okay , stop ! adam what ? zack it 's a miata . all Adam 's effort , he 's make enough room for a pizza . maybe . zack we will put she in the passenger seat . adam where will I ... or you ... zack in the passenger seat . holding she up . Adam shudder at the think . with a flashlight , Zack jump down into the ditch . he nudge ronna 's body with he foot . she 's dead alright . he roll the body over , grab under she arm . he try to hoist she up , but she 's too heavy and the ditch be too deep . zack Little help ? adam ( not move ) I can not . zack what do you mean ? ( continued ) 102 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 155 continued : 155 adam I can not do this . frustrate , Zack try again to lug the body out . he can not do it by himself . meanwhile , Adam be start to hyperventilate , tear swell . zack okay , listen to I ... adam she 's dead . zack she 's not dead . adam she 's dead . I hit she and I kill she . he look around , expect someone to walk up and see they . zack no you do not , okay ? this be all just make- believe . this be a scene . she 's just act dead . and you be just act scared . Adam laugh to himself , still cry . zack see , there 's the light , and there 's the camera . watch you block . ( point ) there 's Michelle in wardrobe , say " hi , Michelle ! " adam hi , Michelle . zack the craft service truck be right around the corner , and they have lot of little veggie burger on the grill . and you can have one if you just help I finish this scene . ( sniff ) can you smell they ? can you smell they on the grill ? a beat . adam I be not delusional . ( continued ) 103 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 155 continued : ( 2 ) 155 zack then take she fuck arm ! obey , Adam grab ronna 's wrist as Zack push from below . together they get the body out of the ditch . Zack climb up to help maneuver she into the car . just then ... ronna moan . Adam freak out , drop he side . ronna 's head hit the dirt . louder moaning . adam she 's not dead . zack no shit ! they stand back , watch ronna moan as she lie half - in , half - out of the car . adam if she 's not dead , that mean we do not kill she . we can just leave she . zack she 's almost dead . we leave she and she die , why do we bother come back ? I mean , you still kill she . adam what do you mean , I kill she ? zack Christ , I do not mean it that way . c'mon . I would never testify against you . Adam be not reassure . zack we have to stick with plan A. adam in plan a she be dead . Zack reach into the car , pull out the Club . trade a look with Adam , who finally acquiece . almost say something , do not . they both look around , make sure no one 's come . Zack grip the bar like a baseball bat . Adam turn he back , cover he ear . Zack raise the bar . Adam scrunches he face tight . ( continued ) 104 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 155 continued : ( 3 ) 155 Zack take two quick breath . and hold . and hold . and hold . Adam open he eye , look back . Zack be not swinging . he lower the bar . they both breathe again , relieved . zack okay . New plan . 156 ext . parking lot - night ( rain ) 156 a car alarm drone incessantly , the siren interrupt with a occasional car alarm voice back away from the vehicle . weaving through some park car , we settle on a angry BMW , its light flash . a small throng of raver have gather around to look , because ronna 's limp body lie on the hood . a familiar face push through the crowd , just arrive . fila guy hey , it 's Kelly . somebody beat the crap out of she . move to find ... skate - punk guy somebody call a ambulance ! after a beat , he realize he should do it himself . he take off run . adam and zack look around from the edge of a van in the distance . zack look , she 's fine . they be get a ambulance . she 's fine . Adam keep watch , not convinced . he turn back , a think ... adam what about that guy ? the guy with the gun . he could still go after she . ( continued ) 104a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 156 continued : 156 zack okay , listen . girl in ditch -- that 's we problem . girl out of ditch -- that 's she own problem . we be do . we do the right thing . Thunder rumble overhead . off Adam 's look ... zack okay , approximately the right thing . in a half - ass , throw - together fashion . Adam smile despite himself . Zack point , " see? see ? " that just make Adam smile more . zack Home ? adam Home . as they walk off , we leave the Mary Xmas supafest still blaring in the distance . 157 int . javaman cafe / hollywood - day 157 too early for the brunch crowd , just a smatter of vampire . all around , Christmas light be strung with mad abandon . the light overhead flicker . everyone look up . that 's when we come to find todd gaine sit alone at a booth by the window , disassembling a newspaper . he find the comic . ( continued ) 105 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 157 continued : 157 laying the paper flat , he tear off the bottom corner of the page and start read like a kid , he whole body lean over the table . at the door , Claire come in , shaking the rain out of she hair . after a beat , she do it again , as if she do not remember do it the first time . she 's tired and wire , all nerve and raw edge . there 's static only she can feel . she look right past gaine , out to the rain on the street . he watch she , but do not try to catch she eye . the jamaican waiter walk past she with a pot of coffee . waiter anywhere you want . claire I be meeting people . he do not care . Claire take a seat at the table in front of she , but it 's not to she like . then a booth . she play with the salt shaker . bad . it 's only now that she see gaine watch she . at first she do not recognize he . then a light go on . she climb over the booth and into he , face he . claire hey . gaine hey . claire we be twin . she turn over he hand , compare it to hers . they both have the same ink stamp on the back . he 's bust , no way to talk himself out . the waiter come with coffee , refill gaine ' cup . Claire overturn the cup in front of she . the waiter fill it . she overturn a second cup , point to it . a big weird smile . reluctantly , the waiter fill that too . then leave . claire I will pay you back for breakfast . ( lean closer ) do not worry . I be not really that hungry . she shed she coat , have great difficulty with one sleeve . ( continued ) 105a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 157 continued : ( 2 ) 157 claire have you see ronna ? or mannie ? he shake he head . claire see , when we go out , we always meet here afterwards in case we get separate . ( more ) ( continued ) 106 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 157 continued : ( 3 ) 157 claire ( cont would ) it happen more than you would think . I have be paging she , but she have not call back . the light flicker again , storm still raging . halfway into get she coat off , Claire have second thought , but continue nonetheless . gaine be take off - balance , he private space violate . Claire finally look up at gaine , smile . a beat . claire unless you want to eat alone . gaine no . it 's fine . 157a int . cafe - later 157a gaine scrape the last of he egg off the plate . Claire sit with two piece of toast , untouched . she take the scrap of the newspaper he tore off , look at it . claire what do you have against the family Circus ? gaine it 's evil . claire besides that . gaine okay . location mostly . bottom right corner , just wait there to suck . it 's the last thing you read , and it spoil everything you read before it . claire you could just not read it . gaine I hate it , yet I be uncontrollably draw to it . be you go to ... he point to she toast . she slide it over . he slather on a thick coat of jelly . claire do you know what I like about you ? ( continued ) 106a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 157a continued : 157a gaine what ? claire I be ask . I do not know . it 's not you face , because you be only medium cute . I think what it be , be you might be the first non - fake person I have meet here . gaine me. claire I be serious . gaine professional curiousity . what be you on ? claire ginseng and lotsa caffeine . gaine leave money for the check . a beat . Claire look around at the various decoration : a red tree by the door , snowflake on the window , light blink on the wall . ( continued ) 107 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 157a continued : ( 2 ) 157a claire you know what I like best about Christmas ? the surprise . it 's like , you get this box , and you be sure you know what 's in it . you shake it , you weigh it , and you be totally convinced you have it peg . no doubt in you mind . but then you open it up , and it 's something completely different . Bing ! wow ! bang ! surprise ! I mean , it 's like you and I here . she smile . she have a bewitch smile . claire I be not say this be anything it 's not . but , c'mon . this time yesterday , who 'dda thunk it ? 158 int . stairwell to gaine ' apartment - day 158 Claire kiss gaine , pin he against the wall . rain beat against the door . she fumble with he belt . his hand slide under she jacket , try to undo she bra . they take a break from undress to kiss harder . reclining on the step , Claire try to push he jeans down with she toe . her foot get catch in the chain from he wallet . her butt slide down a step . they laugh . her hand hit something hard -- he gun . it 's tuck into he jacket pocket . as they start to work up a rhythm , huxley the cat come down the step , curious . he brushes against they , unnotice . finally , he mews . gaine ( stop ) how do you get out ? he look to the top of the stair , where a man be watch they . it 's Victor . ( continued ) 108 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 158 continued : 158 he have the silver .45 draw on they . gaine look down to the door at the bottom . Vic Jr. be block it . they be trap . Claire look around , try to figure out what 's happen . 159 - 167 omit 159 - 167 167a int . gaine ' live room - day 167a gaine draw a map for Victor on the coffee table . gaine Simon 's apartment be around the back -- * the gate 's always open . now , you be go to take sunset to Hyperion . * as he 's talk , we move to reveal Vic Jr. by the door , hold * the gun on they , and Claire , sit on the couch beside gaine . * gaine [ cont 'd ] * at hillhurst , you have to keep right -- * you want sunset boulevard , not sunset * drive . * claire * ( to gaine ) * why do not you just drive he there ? maybe * you could help pull the trigger . * gaine give she a look . Victor take the map and fold it . * he hand gaine back he credit card . just then , we hear a SOUND at the door -- a gentle knock . all * eye go to look . * close on the doorknob , someone try it . it 's unlock . we * tilt up to reveal the opener be actually ... * simon . * he charge right into the room , shutting the door behind he . * simon Todd , listen , I need hide out here . you * will not believe the shit we get into in ... * he see Victor . he immediately reach for he gun , but * VIC JR . ( continued ) 108a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 167a continued : 167a be right behind he . he yank Simon 's gun away , then half - * push , half - carry he forward , slamm he down onto the coffee table . * Claire and gaine both scoot back , freak . Vic sr. put the * gun to Simon 's head . * panicked , Simon squirm , try to look around . his face be * mushed against the glass . * victor how be you drive ? we fly . Victor hand the gun off to Vic Jr. , who rest it at the back * of Simon 's head . Simon be moment away from execution . * all at once ... * gaine simon * hey heyhey . not here , not now . please no . God ! shit ! I * this be so not where you want do not wanna die . ** to be do this . * victor * do it . * Vic Jr. cock the gun . Simon squeal . at the last moment ... * claire * wait ! stop! stop ! you can not do this ! * you will not get away with it ! * for a brief moment , she have they attention . she point to * herself . * claire [ cont 'd ] * hello , witness . * ( be : Todd ) * Witness . what be you go to do , kill * we too ? * gaine look over , thanks for bring that up . but Claire * still have the floor . * claire [ cont 'd ] * what be wrong with you people ? do you think this be a effective way of deal with problem ? victor this fuck shot my boy . * ( continued ) 108b . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 167a continued : ( 2 ) 167a simon * ... in the arm . Vic Jr. lean on he , shut up . * claire ( to Victor ) so , what ? you be go to kill three * people ? * ( beat , no answer ) what do you actually want ? victor justice . a look between all party . CUT to : int . apartment - later sitting in the green chair , Simon make a `x ' on he bicep with a marker . he feel for the bone . simon it 's all flesh here , it should be okay . gaine and the vic stand around he . in the background , Claire be dubious and horrify . Vic Jr. put Todd 's gun to the ` x. ' gaine hand Simon a shirt to mop up the blood . simon right , great . on some sick level , he 's really into this . Vic Jr. get ready to shoot . everyone subtly back away , brace for the gunshot . Three . two. one. but there 's no bang . * everyone look at Vic Jr. he pull the gun away . * VIC JR . * I can not . * ( continued ) 109 -113 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) continued : victor VIC JR . * what do you mean you can not ? it 's hard to shoot somebody * ( beat ) who know they be gonna be ** you pull the fuck trigger . shot . it 's dif'rent . * simon * it 's all right . really . * Claire roll she eye -- this be go to take forever . while * the Vic 's argue , Claire grab she coat and purse . * gaine * where be you go ? * claire * I gotta get to work . * Todd do not want she to leave , but really , what can he say ? * everyone turn to watch Claire leave . * victor * look , now the girl 's leave . * simon * see you , Claire . * we follow she out the door . as she exit ... gaine be good ! in the background , the Vic Jr. be psyching himself up again . * int . hallway - day [ continuous ] Claire shut the door behind she . as she 's head for the step , we hear a gunshot . she flinch but keep walk . simon [ o.s . ] I be okay ! 114 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 168 omit 168 [ see scene 176 ] 169 int . hospital room - day 169 ronna wake up , a bit at a time , a iv drip overhead . we hear caroler singing in the distance . her nose crinkle , she tongue find she lip . finally a swollen eye open , look around . a mexican family be gather around the other bed in the room , the father dress as Santa Claus . ronna see the iv dangle from she arm . she sit up with difficulty , a head rush . she try to get she bearing , but genuinely do not know how she get here . after a beat , she rip off the tape and carefuly pull the needle out of she arm . 169a ext . supermarket - day 169a it 's stop raining , but the pavement be still wet . 169b int . supermarket break room - day 169b ronna slide she time card into the machine , which punch down . 169c int . supermarket aisle - day 169c ronna tie she apron as she head to the front , limping a bit . 169d int . supermarket / checkout lane - day 169d Claire finish bag grocery . look up to see ronna come to open the next register . ronna hey . Claire do not say anything , a point silence . ronna key in , check the drawer . Claire return to she register . ronna try to make eye contact , but no luck . ( continued ) 114a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 169d continued : 169d ronna okay , real mature . Claire continue to ignore she , turn she back . she straighten coupon , rubber- band they . ronna Claire . nothing . a beat . finally ... ronna alright . mistake be make . thing do not go exactly as plan . Claire 's eye -- understatement . ronna [ cont 'd ] but it be not exactly a banner night for I , either . Claire stop , disbely -- if ronna only know . she turn on she , then back to the register , hold it in . but she just have to face she to say ... claire you be constantly use we . ronna use you ? you use I . come on , if it be not for I , you would be sit home every night eat popcorn and watch rerun of 90210 . claire ( overlap ) mannie be you chauffeur , and I be ... ( what be she ? ) I be some chick you leave sit in a apartment . ronna ( overlap ) that be such bullshit . mannie do not feel that way . ask he . ask he ! where be he ? claire why would I know ? a beat . a cold horror cross ronna . remain calm ... ( continued ) 114b . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 169d continued : ( 2 ) 169d ronna he drive you here , do not he ? claire no , I get a ride . his car be still in the parking lot when I leave . ronna oh shit . shit ! without even close she register , she take off she apron and head for the door . 115 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 170 ext . alley - day 170 ronna ( yell ) mannie ? mannie ? ronna limp ahead . a taxicab wait in the background . 171 ext . a different alley - day 171 claire mannie ! mannie ! all the alley look the same . he could be anywhere . 172 ext . behind a dumpster - day 172 a stray black cat scratch through a pile of foam peanut , look for bug . another cat crawl up the body of mannie , propped against the dumpster . a trickle of water drip off the garbage onto he face . the cat lick it clean . mannie smile . 173 ext . alley intersection - day 173 ronna mannie ! can you hear I ? mannie ( o.s. ) yeah ! ronna turn to see mannie behind she , stretch he neck . he 's pale . his eye be bloodshot . but otherwise , he 's fine . mannie you look like shit . 174 ext . parking lot - day 174 the Beast be the only car leave . ronna and Claire circle , look for the key on the ground . Calling out ... ronna you fuck Todd gaine ? ( continued ) 115a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 174 continued : 174 claire no! ( embarrased ) we make out . ronna ( mock ) make out ? claire kiss . a little . what ? ronna hello ! he 's a drug dealer . Claire do not want this to go any further . fortunately , just then ... claire found `em . she shake the mud and grime off , then throw they to ronna . mannie lie back on the trunk , droopy . ( continued ) 116 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 174 continued : ( 2 ) 174 ronna ( unlock passenger door ) you might have brain damage from overdose . mannie dain brambage ? a beat . mannie xavier kugat . start with x. ronna you shit . she put he in the car , hold he head like he 's a criminal on " cop . " claire I will drive . ronna hand she the key over the roof of the Beast , sunlight shine off the gather rain . they take a beat , just the two of they . claire so , do you have enough money to pay off you rent ? ronna and twenty leave over . maybe I will open a savings account . getting in ... Claire start the car . mannie lean up from the back seat . mannie so what be we do for New Year 's ? ronna smile . ronna merry Christmas , mannie . the beast roar off across the parking lot , title music building . ( continued ) 116a . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 174 continued : ( 3 ) 174 we pan back to the rave hangar , head for it , pick up speed . a match CUT take we to ... 174a ext . warehouse - night 174a we hear a rave in full swing ahead . the hangar door be open , pitch black inside . we fly in , bring we to ... black out . 117 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) after first credit fade in : 175 int . simon' apartment - day 175 Simon awake to pounding at the front door . he stand and turn , disorient , no idea when or where he be . he finally find a clock -- it 's 4:14 in the afternoon . more pounding at the door . Simon half - crawl to the window , look out to see who 's at the door . he p.o.v. from this angle , all we can see be the sleeve of a man 's jacket . simon ( tentatively ) who be it ? he duck , expect a hail of gunfire . male voice [ o.s . ] it 's Todd . a beat , then Simon finally drop he panic . he keep the gun in hand as he pull the chair away from the doorknob and slowly undoe the lock . he leave the chain on . look out through the crack , we see gaine , alone . simon Jesus , Todd . thank god. ( undoe chain ) you will not believe the shit I have be through ... without a word , gaine grab he by the collar and smashes he , one punch to the face . Simon fall in a daze lump to the floor . we stay down with he as we watch gaine walk away . Simon blink and sniffles as we once again fade out . 118 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 176 int . apartment parking garage - day 176 Adam and Zack scrub the miata 's upholstery with brushes and various cleaner , try to get the bloodstain out . Zack stop for a moment , watch Adam . Adam look up , what ? nothing . a quiet beat , the first moment of genuine affection between they . suddenly we hear a beeping . we can not tell where it 's come from . follow the sound , Adam find a mud-encrust beeper wedge between the seat and the center console . he look up to Zack , then check the number . fade out . 119 . " go " 8/26/98 revision ( salmon ) 998 offscreen soap opera dialogue 998 [ note : this be wild line to play underneath scene 6a , 57a and 121a . since this scene be longer than before , we need extra soap opera in the background before we get to Adam and Zack . ] jimmy shubert somethin ' about it just do not add up . so last night I go back to the pier to do some investigate of my own . turn out there be two boat name the princess . only , one just get back from two week at sea -- sal dominico 's boat . it get I thinkin ' -- if chase really do know carmen be on to he , how come he do not tell Lucas , or gamble , or myerson ? why would he drive up to pinecliff by himself ? and why would you still have he briefcase ? ( beat ) answer I that , danielle . if you have a answer . music rise , a scene cut . New music lead into ... zack I be not the man you be look for . adam we both know you be on the pier . you see what happen to carmen . zack do not forget , detective . I be clear of all charge . adam I do not care how many high - priced lawyer you bring in . eden Valley will never stand for you kind of scum .