window.addeventlistener( 'domcontentloaded' , function ( ) {var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app100.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=3447;archive_analytics.send_pageview ( {} ) ; } ) ; __wm.init ( " https://web.archive.org/web " ) ; __wm.wombat ( " http://home.earthlink.net:80/~bhb1/scripts/rt9/route_9.html " , " 20080611061859 " , " https://web.archive.org/ " , " web " , " / _static / " , " 1213165139 " ) ; Route 9 - screenplay by Brendan broderick and Rob kerchner " route 9 " screenplay by Brendan broderick and Rob kerchner fade in ext desolate road - day the sound of heat bug rise -- fat blade of grass grow through the crack asphalt of a desolate throughway -- in the background weed grow chest -high , neglect for year -- a rusted highway sign indicate the stretch be once a vital artery , year ago -- it squeak as it wobble , alone in the faint wind -- the heat be intense -- Far in the horizon a trail of dust rise down the road , and soon we see a beat - up mercede benz approach -- the car pass , and drive down the road -- int mercede - day cliff , a gaunt -look Hispanic man with bad skin , drive the car -- nate , another Hispanic , sit next to he . in the back seat be denning , a white man with greasy hair slicked back -- cliff take of he sunglass , look at they and put they back on -- the glare be heavy -- Pov the car pass another sign -- under it be a smaller , rectangular sign read " route 9 . " nate maybe this be not the right road . there 's nothing out here -- cliff look at he - cliff you be like a break record . shut up and relax ! denning we be on Route 9 . this be it . ( wince ) I gotta take a leak sooo bad ... cliff hold it . denn look down the road -- cliff look ahead -- ext desolate road - day the mercede turn on to another road -- ext gas station - day the station have be shut for year and pick clean of most everything -- in the distance we see the mercede approach - int mercede - day the man look at the station . no car . no nothing . nate where be they ? cliff they will be here . cliff put a stick of gum in he mouth and chew it , mask he anxiety -- ext gas station - day the mercede pull up , and cliff and denn get out -- cliff damn it 's hot ... denn head over into some weed to pee , walk in pain - denning ( mostly to himself ) any longer , I 'da piss my pants . cliff stretch , talk to nate through the open door . cliff all right when they get here , we be gonna play it cool , do it quick and get the hell out of here before some six - toe show up with they hat all bent back . nate Close the door , you be let out the ac -- but cliff ignore the request , stare down the road at something approach . cliff here they come . a white van rise over a small hill , appear for a second , and then disappear again . it appear over the nearest rise , pull into the station . the van stop . the door do not open . the sunlight glint off its window , prevent anyone from see inside . cliff scrutinize the van , pull back the chamber of he .45 automatic and stick it in the back of he pants . the van be silent for another long beat , but then the side door open , and three men get out -- willie , aiello , and dixon . mean-look and untrustworthy , they close the van door and look around before focus on cliff - cliff look at they -- Inside the car , nate have he hand on he conceal uzi -- cliff mask he anxiety , look at the man -- Willie approach -- willie let 's see what you get . cliff stare at he for a beat -- then go to the trunk of the car and open it -- Willie follow and look at nate , who coldly return the stare before look ahead -- aiello and dixon stand and face the mercede -- cliff appear to open something in the trunk -- Willie inspect it -- cliff ( anxious ) now all we have to do be test you product and we will all be on we way . Willie look in the trunk for a beat , then turn to cliff -- willie test the product ? cliff yeah . willie sound like you do not trust I . Willie go for what 's in the trunk -- cliff Standard procedure , bro ... cliff stand in front of Willie -- cliff ... standard procedure . Willie give he a steely look -- willie be you say my word be of no value to you ? cliff do not like what 's happen -- he sense something be wrong -- cliff Business be business . now where the hell be it ? I wanna get out of here . that 's the plan , we be just flunky , you know what I be say ? willie you do not answer my question . be you say my word be of no value to you ? cliff you say that , I do not . Willie stare at cliff for a beat -- tension hang heavy in the air -- willie you be get off on a bad foot with I , son . ( beat ) you see , I do not like it when people question my integrity . now nothing 's go to happen until you answer my question . be my word of no value to you ? cliff stare at Willie -- cliff you word ? well ... let I see ... ( beat , then derisively ) I guess it 's fair to say I do not give a fly fuck through a roll donut about you word . all right ? do that answer you question ? Willie stare at he , nodd -- cliff now I be go to test the shit , that be the plan , and if you have a problem with it that 's too bad . now where be it ? Willie ponder the offer -- willie I have a better plan . you want to hear it ? cliff ( surprised ) what ? willie I have a better plan . cliff do not understand -- cliff and what 's that ? willie ( beat ) how about you give we what you have and leave . cliff what ? willie ( turn to aiello and dixon ) be I speak English here ? ( to cliff , enunciate ) how-about - you-give - us-what -you - have - and-leave ? in a flash , cliff pull out he gun , point it at Willie . willie I take it that 's a " no . " aiello , dixon , and Willie all pull out gun . int mercede - day nate grab he gun , fight to stay cool -- nate ( to himself ) oh shit , oh shit ... ext gas station - day aiello train he gun on nate , Willie and dixon train theirs on cliff , who aim at Willie -- cliff what be this ? do not be stupid man ... willie first you question my integrity , then you call I stupid ... ( shake head ) ... that hurt , son . suddenly another gunman slick emerge from behind the van with a shotgun -- blam !! slick blast a hole in cliff 's chest as he fly back collapse in a bloody mess -- aiello and dixon aim at the mercede and blam blam blam blam blam FIRE relentlessly at nate -- Willie finish off cliff with a blast then fire at the mercede -- int mercede - day nate duck down as the bullet tear into the car -- in a total panic he grab the uzi and fire through the windshield -- ext gas station - day dixon be hit with a few bullet as aiello dive behind the van for cover -- nate dive out of the mercede and fire at dixon , rip he apart as Willie and aiello return fire -- nate scramble out fire back until he be out of ammo -- he frantically go to reload -- but slick emerge from around the back of the gas station -- he aim at nate who can not reload in time -- as slick go to fire blam blam blam blam blam blam denn blast he away as he run from the weed , he shirttail out - Willie poke out from behind the van and fire at denn -- pow ! a direct hit to the throat send denn spin to the ground , gurgle blood -- aiello charge at nate as the two man literally face each other and empty they gun in a absurd , almost comical shower of bullet , tear each other to bit -- soon there be silence -- Willie slowly emerge , look around and approach nate , fire a bullet into he head for good measure - he then look around and approach the back of the mercede -- close on denn 's bloody hand grab he gun -- as Willie look around again , open the trunk -- pow pow pow pow ! denn shoot he offscreen , send he staggering -- soon he collapse to the ground in a bloody mess -- his face hit the dirt -- and it be silent again ... roll credit - " route 9 " as the credit roll , we see a montage of desert scene , end on -- EST . shot - ext . trailer home - day it 's isolate in a cul - de-sac of hill , with a dirt road approachment , and two car in front . int trailer bedroom -- day the place be deck out in classic bachelor . clothes everywhere , a few beer bottle , magazine . you mother would hate this place , but it 's fine with -- sally hogan , a attractive woman in she early 30' , who roll on to she side of the bed , into frame . she be nude , and have a look of blissful exhaustion on she face . she say nothing for a beat -- man' voice ( o.s. ) what time be it ? Sally look at the clock on the nightstand -- sally ( beat , close she eye ) four-thirty ... man' voice ( o.s. ) ( beat ) I gotta get ready . we then see a man sit up and swing he leg over the bed . he be booth parker , a trim , clean - cut man in he early 30' . Sally hug he from behind -- he reach he arm around she and they kiss -- sally we still have time . Booth get up , grab a random pair of underwear and white sock -- booth I have to go to the bank before it close . sally what for ? booth I gotta take some money out , that 's what for . Booth begin to put on he deputy uniform -- sally there 's a ATM on speedwell Avenue . booth yeah but I need to take out four hundred dollar and the ATM will only give I three . sally four hundred . think of buy I something nice ? Booth put on he belt -- booth well , not that I would not sugar bun but Earl 's in a bind . they be go to take he car . sally he 's irresponsible . Booth put on he olive green tie -- booth ah hell , he would do the same for I . sally have he ? booth no. ( beat ) but he would , probably . Booth sit on the edge of the bed and tie he black leather shoe -- Booth get up and brushes he hair -- Sally wrap the sheet around she and stand behind he -- Sally turn he around and straighten he tie -- sally I hope you get it back ... ( beat ) we could have a lot of fun with four hundred dollar ... they kiss - sally get a room in a nice hotel for a few hour ... booth I might have to look into that ... they continue to kiss -- dissolve to ext sheriff' station - evening the building be a small sub-station off a two - lane highway outside the city . two patrol car be in front -- jesse's voice ( v.o. ) I tell you , some people be too damn smart for they own good . take that case in richfield . dwayne's voice ( v.o. ) the mother son thing ... int sheriff' station - evening we see sheriff dwayne hogan , a stout , ruddy - face man in he late 40 's talk to the local coroner jesse segundo , a Hispanic man in he late 30' , with a mildly ghoulish air about he . also in the room be Booth and he partner earl whitney , a thin man in he late 30t . they listen to the conversation . jesse soon as they get she on the table they know it be murder , stroke or no . I mean , what be this dumb son of a bitch think ? train professional would not find a needle mark in she arm ? dwayne lean back and stretch , somewhat indifferent to the story - dwayne just go to show you . jesse I mean at least pick a more discreet place , the scalp , under the armpit , under the tongue , someplace where the train eye wonít immediately look . jesse wipe he forehead with he handkerchief - jesse damn itt hot in here ... dwayne he probably figure she be on she way out anyhow , no drug in she system , no foul play . jesse dwayne , I ím tell you a coroner have the skill and ability to determine that thing . if you pump air into someonet vein , a series of trauma occur that be clearly visible upon dissection . dwayne look at Booth and Earl , who crack faint smile - jesse very clumsy , very clumsy . iíd have find it in a minute . dwayne all right youíre the super sleuth , what do you want , a medal ? jesse no. ( smile ) but what I would like be the forty dollar you owe I , and I ím a busy man . dwayne dammit youíre persistent . I do not want to listen to this anymore . no more bet with you . dwayne take out he checkbook - jesse seem put off by this - jesse aw , now thatís gonna take time to clear ! dwayne ( write ) take it or leave it . Booth and Earl seem amused by this encounter - booth so what be you point , jesse ? jesse my point ? my point be that by analyze all the various way by which we kill each other , it seem to I there be no perfect crime . weíll get ya somehow , some way . except maybe if you use potassium of something . booth huh ? jesse look at the two I with a comically steely expression - jesse easy to purchase , hard to detect . too much potassium can kill a man . earl ( laugh ) you must get a lot of babe with line like that . everyone laugh but jesse -- dwayne I think you need to get away from all that stiff . find yourself a little senorita of you own . a awkward beat , as jesse stare at the floor . dwayne pick it up . dwayne do you even have a girlfriend , jesse ? jesse sort of . dwayne get up , grab he lunch box -- dwayne sort of ! booth hey dwayne why do not you introduce he to you funeral parlor cousin ? dwayne suck on he tooth for a beat . from he expression , it 's clear he do not want jesse 's blood in the family line . dwayne she 's not he type . jesse yeah . that 's all I need , to become one of you in - law . dwayne then grab he coat off the rack , and begin to head out -- dwayne I ím out of here . jesse stand up - dwayne all right , deputy , take care , do not let you meat loaf . earl do not worry the real man be in charge now . dwayne speak of which that remind I I have to bring something home or eat Sally 's meatloaf again , and I do not think I could stand that . jesse you be always gripe . cut she some slack ! dwayne head out -- Booth watch he leave -- dwayne you have never have it . ( emphatically ) it 's exactly like dog food . Earl laugh . Booth give a courtesy smile . earl ready to roll , partner ? booth sure thing , and -- Booth slap a envelope into Earl 's hand -- booth do not spend it all in one place . earl I know you would come through . jesse observe the transaction Booth and Earl start to leave . jesse what 's that all about ? Booth turn to jesse as he head out behind Earl -- booth drug deal . pay it no mind . jesse watch they leave -- dissolve to ext highway - night a lone patrol car drive down the highway -- int patrol car - night close on the radio on the dash , which crackle to life -- a woman 's voice come on -- trudy ( o.s. ) fourteen , you out there , copy ? Booth , who be drive , pick up the radio -- booth this be fourteen , what 's up trudy ? trudy ( o.s. ) get a call from hank scammel . he 's worried about otis . can not seem to find he anywhere . earl he probably die of old age . the two man laugh -- Booth key the walkie -- booth all right trudy we will take a pass down Route 9 , see if we can find he . trudy ( o.s. ) he would appreciate that . booth do not be a stranger . trudy ( o.s. ) thanks , Booth . Booth hang up the radio -- earl how old be otis anyhow , thirty ? booth the horniest dog in nevada . Earl look out the window -- earl ( beat ) thanks for the loan , man . I will have it in a few day , I promise . booth well I hope so . that pretty much clean I out . earl I would have ask my sister , but its better to leave family out , always lead to trouble . booth I hear you . ext highway - night the patrol car turn on to the desolate road and drive off -- int patrol car - night earl yeah ... I remember my brother - in - law Gary , the wheel watcher . he finally get on the show and win seven thousand dollar ! plus some leather furniture . do you think I see any of that ? his excuse be the government get it all . booth Seven thousand ... earl he would have win more but he blow it at the end . do not know what Cash and carry be . booth Cash and what ? earl Cash and carry , you know , FDR , World War two ... booth never hear of it . earl oh , you would have do great . booth I probably would have . I guess the clue damn near before everyone . earl that 's what everyone think . but accord to he , when it 's the real thing , it 's quite a intimidatin ' environment in which to concentrate . suddenly Booth see something up ahead , he expression change -- booth what the hell be this ? soon he jam on he brake -- Pov willie lie in the road -- ext highway - night Booth and Earl get out and run over to the body , which have leave a trail of blood -- earl who be it ? Booth roll the man over , check for a pulse -- the gunman 's lifeless eye stare back at he -- booth he be not from around here -- ( beat ) he 's deader than caesar . Earl look around with he flashlight -- then see something up the road -- earl ( ominously ) get the car ... Earl start walk down the road -- Booth watch he , then stand up startle by what he see -- ext gas station - night the patrol car headline illuminate the scene of the crime -- body everywhere , blood , break glass -- Earl shine he mag light around the scene as Booth get out of the car -- booth ( shocked ) what the hell ... earl they be out of towner ... Arizona plate ... Earl head over to the back of the mercede . the trunk be still open -- Booth go down and check the pulse of another dead gunman -- booth Jesus , they be all dead ... Earl open the trunk carefully , and react with surprise at what he sees . Booth get up , look around , check another one 's pulse -- booth well I will be damned , I have never see anything like this ... gangbanger . must have be a drug deal or something , whaddya think ? ( beat ) let 's call this in . earl ( o.s. ) I think you better come over here partner ... Booth turn around and look at Earl , then approach he - we see Booth approach the trunk -- as he look inside he eye widen -- Pov inside the trunk there be a steamer trunk . Inside the trunk be packet of neatly arrange hundre - dollar bill , a little under three hundred of they -- booth Holy ... shit ... stun , the man look at each other . Booth take a packet and flip through it -- booth ten thousand right here . earl ( digging through bag ) there must be over a million dollar in here . booth shit , more than that . Earl and Booth look at each other -- booth this be crazy ... the two stare at the money in startle silence for a beat -- booth I be get some flare ... Booth head off , as Earl pull out a cigarette out of a pack and light it . he think for a moment , then drop the cigarette and stomp it , call after Booth . earl wait a minute ! Earl follow Booth -- earl what be we go to do ? booth what do you mean what be we go to do ? earl I mean -- Earl grab Booth 's arm -- earl what be we go to do ? the two man look at each other , both know what the other be think -- booth call it in I guess . ( beat ) why ? earl why ? be you kid I ? Booth look at he , then grab some flare out of the trunk - booth ( beat ) no . we can not . earl look around you partner ! you say yourself you never see anything like it . booth we do not know whose money it be ! they might have rob a bank , who know ? earl robbed a bank , c'mon ! do not you think we would have hear if one , two -- ( look around ) shit I do not know how many be at large ! do not you think there would be a bulletin ? this be a big ass drug deal ! booth we do not know that . earl come on Booth ! look at this scumbag around we . who 's go to know what happen ! let 's take it and get out of here ! booth well someone 's gonna find they . earl Hell , it will not be we ! Booth look at Earl -- booth it will not work . earl why ? booth I tell trudy we be come down this way , that 's why ! earl we will figure something out . Booth say nothing , as if he be actually consider it -- earl when 's the next time you will be face to face with a couple million dollar in cash , Booth ? never ! Booth look at he -- earl we would never have to worry about money -- ever again , Jesus ! booth suppose someone know about the money ? they be bound to ask question . earl who 's go to question we ? dwayne ? jesse ? booth it 's go to go bigger than that . could you stare someone straight in the face and lie about it ? earl I will worry about that when it happen and if it happen , and it 's not gonna happen ! booth what make you so sure ? earl because ... I know . Earl look at Booth , and plead he case -- earl it 's no accident we stumble on this money . it 's a answer to a prayer ! ( beat ) every night and every day I have pray that God would just -- help I out a little , give I a little push . tonight my prayer come true . booth oh so God 's like western Union and he just drop we a couple million buck ? earl that 's right ! booth at the expense of six people . earl ( righteously ) they kill themselves . besides , they be break the law . what they be do be wrong ! ( beat ) whatsamatter Booth , do not you believe in miracle ? Booth look at he , then at the mercede -- earl look , what do you say ? if we be go to do this we have to do it now . booth all right hold on ! lemme think ... ( beat ) shit , do you touch the car ? earl maybe . who care ? booth I do . it 's little shit like that send people to jail ! we have to cover all the basis if we be go to pull this ! earl all right we will . Earl think about it -- cricket chirp in the background -- Earl go to the trunk of the patrol car and pull out a tank of gasoline -- earl we will cover all we damn basis ... Booth look at Earl , then back at the mercede , riddled with bullet -- earl we will torch the basis , how 's that ? booth torch it ?! Earl approach -- earl we will leave a few packet in the trunk , and stash the rest somewhere else . car go up in the gunfight . booth I do not know . Booth look at Earl -- earl c'mon Booth . let 's do this while we can . dissolve to ext gas station - night - later Earl throw the last packet into a plastic bag hold open by Booth -- earl two million eight hundred thousand -- sweet mother we be millionaire . ( beat ) I will leave a couple . booth I have get one condition . earl what 's that ? booth we be go to be patient . if we start flash money around , buy fancy car and fancy clothes , people be go to ask question . earl well , we will not do any of that shit ! Earl leave a couple of packet in the trunk , take one hundred - dollar bill out of one of the remain packet -- earl at least not for now . Earl then take a can of gasoline and begin to pour it on the ground by the fuel tank -- earl stick the money in we trunk -- Booth wrap the bag tightly around the money and place it in the patrol car trunk -- he watch as Earl pour the gas under the car , then begin to splash the car hastily -- he then step back -- the two man look at each other -- earl you get a match ? Booth look at Earl then give he he match -- earl here go ... get back ... Earl light the c-note - close shot of the bill slowly approach the fuel -- whoomp ! the fuel ignite as Earl and Booth run back to the patrol car -- soon the car be engulfed in flame -- booth that tank 's gonna blow -- boom !!!! the gas tank of the car explode , send debris fly everywhere -- Booth and Earl cover themselves , illuminate by the bright orange light -- the two man watch -- the car be a flame metal skeleton -- black smoke pour from the burn tire -- Earl then look at Booth - earl let 's call this sucker in . dissolve to ext gas station - night - later Earl finish on the mike . earl ... just south of mile marker 87 on Route 9 . trudy ( o.s. ) Roger that . Earl hang up , walk over to Booth as he check around the van with he flashlight -- booth if this be a drug deal , where be the drug ? Earl light up a menthol cigarette and contemplate the night sky , inspire -- earl first thing I be go to do be check out that new casino , whatever the hell itt call . get a nice suite for myself , some high - priced hooker and some slow - roast prime rib ! Booth turn and look at he , angrily -- booth what be you talk about ! we have a deal ! earl when the time come , that be . ( beat , overjoy ) hallelujah Booth ! we be rich ! ( shouting ) rich ! Earl slap Booth on the back , Booth smile -- booth shhh ! earl what be you gonna do ? booth well , I do not know . ( beat ) I be put it out of my mind and you should too -- suddenly the air be pierce by the SOUND of phlegmy choking -- Booth and Earl freeze -- earl what the hell be that ? the two man look around -- the sound be come from behind the mercede -- Earl and Booth run over and stop dead in they track -- denning have roll over on to he back , struggle to breathe -- he eye be clear as he stare back at the two man -- he try to speak but it be more of a agonize gurgle - earl can you hear I ? denn struggle to talk but can not , he nod -- booth ( panicked ) oh shit ! Earl get down closer to denn -- booth what 's he try to say !! earl I do not know ! Son of a bitch ! who the hell be you ? booth he see everything ! grabbing he -- earl ( to denn ) how long you be lie there play possum with we , huh ? answer I ! booth he will tell they everything to save he ass . that 's how they all work it ! Earl turn and look to Booth -- Booth stare back at he -- earl no ...no ! no way ! ( clenches fist ) that money be in we hand ! Earl grab denn who stare back at he , mute -- earl what do you hear ! how much do you hear ! Earl kick the dirt in a rage -- earl shit ! Booth look at denn . Earl snarl . earl we be gonna have to get rid of he . Booth and Earl look at each other -- then Booth look around he anxiously , panic beginning to form in he mind . he 's beginning to understand what Earl mean . earl I be not let some gangbanger send I to jail . we can not risk it . booth what be you think ? Earl look at denn , who look pleadingly back at he -- earl I do not know ... booth you be think about kill he . ( back up ) I can not do that . no way . I have never kill a man . never even shot at one ... earl well neither have I , but it 's we or he . if he talk , or write a note , or whatever , he 's gonna turn we in . besides , he 's a low life scumbag . ( turn to denn ) his kind be hardly even human anyway . booth I ... I can not do that . earl okay then . I will do it . booth that 's not what I mean . earl listen . do you want to go to jail ? take evidence , tamper with a crime scene . you know what they would do . Earl look at Booth . stare hard . Booth look down . booth he would have do it to we , right ? Booth look at he -- Earl wait a moment , then rip off he jacket and look at Booth -- earl exactly . ( grab Booth 's shoulder ) this be we little secret , partner . Booth nod . Earl crumple the jacket into a ball and squat down , jam the coat down hard on denn 's face -- earl no one 's gonna miss you ass anyhow ! denn begin to struggle -- earl dammit help I out here ! Booth hesitates . earl come on , Booth ! finally , Booth restrain denn while Earl press down with all he might on denn 's face . Booth turn he head away . denn struggle violently -- the man struggle to suffocate denn -- then Booth perk up , hear something -- soon the faint sound of siren get louder -- booth they be come ! high shot - a small group of light close on the gas station -- Earl hear the siren and furiously crush the coat down on denn 's face -- but denn keep fight -- earl dammit ! the light of the car soon be visible to both of they -- a ambulance be follow by a patrol car and a FIRE engine -- in the nick of time Earl rip the coat away and lay it out on the ground -- Booth look over he shoulder to see the oncoming vehicle - Earl pull denn onto the coat as the vehicle pull up -- the paramedic run over to Earl -- paramedic what do we have ? earl uh , we get a live one here , shot in the throat -- paramedic clear I ! Earl stand up and look down at denn -- denn stare back up at he , the hate in he eye go to glass -- paramedic where 's the ambu bag ?! dwayne hogan get out of the patrol car with jesse -- he approach Booth as another paramedic assist the first in stabilize denn -- dwayne what the hell happen here ? booth look like some kind of drug deal or something , they be not from around here -- ( look back at denn ) one of they 's still alive . Earl stand above the paramedics -- paramedic do you move he ? earl uh , well he sort of move himself . I be try to stabilize he , clear he throat -- fireman douse the car as dwayne , jesse and Booth approach Earl -- Booth and Earl play it cool as the paramedics work -- paramedic he 's lose a lot of oil -- can you hear I buddy ? dwayne maybe he can tell we just what the hell happen here . paramedic look at I buddy -- focus ! denn 's eye continue to glaze over -- the paramedics get he on to a backboard as they use a resuscitate bag to give he oxygen -- earl be he go to make it ? paramedic I do not know . I be get no radial pulse ! the paramedics hoist denn up and toward the ambulance -- Earl watch they , look at Booth -- Booth stand with dwayne and jesse and look back at Earl -- dwayne I would like to know what they be do in my town ! ( to Booth ) do you get id off any of they ? booth none of they have any -- the paramedics open the ambulance door and load denn in -- Earl follow they -- the first paramedic get on the radio -- paramedic ok notify the trauma center team we eta be twenty - five minute -- paramedic 2 ( feel denn 's neck ) oh shit . I be lose the carotid pulse ! paramedic stand by . the first paramedic assist the second -- paramedic lift the leg ! come on buddy , fight ! Earl watch -- earl come on ... buddy ... paramedic 2 we be lose he ! close on Earl -- earl ( to himself ) come on ... come on ... the paramedics begin to administer chest compression - paramedic come on buddy fight ! fight ! the paramedics continue in vain -- Earl watch , clutching he fist at he side -- paramedic 2 he 's not go to make it -- in another part of the crime scene , dwayne aim he flashlight at the ground , look for clue - he eye seem to display a keen ability to find inconsistency - soon he near the spot where denn relieved himself - he shine he flashlight down - he locate some footprint , that of denn , lead away from the scene into the grass - dwayne notice the footprint and aim he flashlight into the grass - see nothing , he turn the light off and head back to the other - dwayne approach Booth , jesse , and the paramedic --- Earl and Booth look at each other -- paramedic he 's go . we lose he . booth ( take a deep breath ) damn . dwayne I want to get some hound down here . earl why ? dwayne Cause we get footprint lead into that brush , I want to see where it lead ... ( beat ) Jesus , seven dead . I will tell you I have never see carnage like this in all my seventeen year of sheriffing this part . ( beat , spit ) I do not like it . not in my jurisdiction . dwayne head toward camera as Earl and booth watch he -- dwayne this be gonna be in the papers , fella . Booth and Earl look at each other grimly -- dwayne I will finish up here . dissolve to ext road -- night Booth and Earl 's patrol car drive down the highway , away from the scene -- int patrol car -- night Booth and Earl say nothing for a stretch -- earl I tell you it be a miracle the way thing turn out -- booth I do not want to hear about miracle and God and all that ! we try to murder someone to cover we ass ! earl well we do not kill he , he die on he own . Booth flash a totally unconvince look at Earl and look back at the road -- ext dirt road -- night the patrol car pull up past the camera . ext . trailer home -- day . the patrol car come to a stop in front of Booth 's trailer . int patrol car on dirt road -- night Booth look at Earl -- booth look . dwayne be right . this be go to be a big story . so big in fact that I do not want to even have this money around . earl Fair enough , I will take it to my place . booth forget it . we be go to bury it , and we be not go to even think about it until everything die down . ( beat ) and no one , I mean no one hear a word about it . understand ? Earl look at Booth for a beat -- earl deal . ext burial site above booth's trailer -- night the man be on the hilltop above Booth 's place . the light of the trailer below , and the full moon above , be the only source of illumination . the man carry the bag of money to a hole they have finish digging -- they lower it into the hole and Booth prepare to tape up the top -- Earl stop he , take a pinch of bill out of one of the packet - earl a little will not hurt we . Earl look at Booth as he give he $ 600 -- Booth accept it , look at he -- earl we be even . Pov of Booth and Earl look down at the money . they begin to shovel the earth back in , darken the frame until it be black -- fade out fade in int hogan bedroom -- day close on a ringing phone near a clock radio read 3:30 pm -- Sally answer the phone -- sally hi . booth ( v.o. ) hi. sally Heard you have quite a night . int trailer live room -- day Booth be on the phone , look out the window at the hilltop behind he place , where the money lie bury . booth's Pov of the hilltop burial site . booth yeah . sally ( v.o . ) it be all over the local news . dwayne be there , act all official . booth ( beat ) I know . sally ( v.o. ) ( beat ) what 's wrong ? booth nothing . int hogan bedroom -- day booth ( v.o. ) nothing 's wrong . sally oh . you come by tonight ? booth ( v.o. ) ok . sally be you sure you be ok ? booth ( v.o. ) yeah I be fine . int trailer live room -- day booth I be just tired be all . I will see you tonight ok baby ? sally ( v.o. ) ok . I love you . booth I love you too . Booth hang up the phone and look out the window again -- int sheriff' station -- day Booth walk into the station -- he look ahead , surprised by what he see -- Earl be sit with dwayne and a attractive woman in she late 30' , ellen martin -- dwayne Booth I be glad you be here we have be wait for you . Booth approach -- dwayne this be agent ellen Martin . ( beat ) she 's with the dea . Booth look at Earl for a split second then shake Martin 's hand -- booth how be ya ? martin hello . dwayne I guess we can get start . martin I want to ask you some question about last night . booth sure. ( calmly ) we have all get question about what happen . Earl pull out he menthol cigarettes , and light one up -- martin would you mind not smoking ? Earl look at dwayne , and Booth , then back at Martin - earl no problem . Earl drop the cigarette on the ground -- martin thank you . ( beat ) now , do you remember see any vehicle travel near the site , on you way to or from ? booth no . why ? martin because someone may have get away . earl what make you say that ? dwayne we have hound down at the scene , the footprint trail be a bust . and there be no other tire track in the vicinity . Martin look at the man . martin I understand that . but from what we know , there be a large sum of money involved in the transaction , about three million dollar . ( beat ) it seem to have disappear . Booth whistle at the amount -- booth could it have be in the mercede ? martin maybe . that 's where it be during denn 's last report . Earl shift in he chair . dwayne denn 's they man on the inside . Martin pull a photo out of a file in front of she . hand it over . martin he be the man you try to save last night . agent Paul denn . we be work together . ( sigh , long beat ) he be deep undercover with this dealer for a while . they run a big operation in Arizona , nevada , California . Earl fight to play it cool as dwayne listen to Martin , captivate . Booth look to be in the worst shape of all , sicken by the revelation . martin normally we would have track he with a wiretap , but it be standard for he to occasionally drop out when work with this guy . the last we hear from he be two day ago . booth you mean that guy be a agent ? martin yes . wife and a kid . ( beat ) do not blame yourself , deputy . you do all you could . you have we deep gratitude ... and my personal thanks . a pregnant pause envelope the room -- martin in fact , I have ask sheriff hogan for permission to enter a letter of commendation in each of you file . ( beat ) agent denn be a good man . I serve with he for nearly five year ... Booth look at Earl , hard . Earl decide to break the silence . earl so I guess we will not find out what happen . Martin get up -- martin well , we have one lead and that 's what I be look into next . booth what 's that ? martin denn be wear a bug . Booth and Earl look at each other -- dwayne get up . martin he keep a recording of all such transaction in order to keep track of who 's who , what be say , what 's happen . I contact you local coroner , and he find it tape to he back . dwayne that 's news to I . so it 's over at jesse 's office ? martin yeah . I tell he I would be there before five . dwayne excellent . I will go down with you . dwayne look at Booth and Earl -- dwayne you boy come ? Booth and Earl watch the two get ready to leave -- earl we will follow in we car . dissolve to ext road -- day dwayne 's patrol car zoom down the road -- soon Booth and Earl 's follow -- int patrol car -- day Booth and Earl drive , completely panicked . booth we be dead . we be dead , we be dead ... ( beat ) what be we go to do ?! earl I do not know ... booth this be not a joke . what be we go to do ! earl I do not know you want I to put on my cape and fly there ?! ( beat ) we be go to play it cool ... besides there might be nothing on that tape anyway ... booth that guy be a Federal agent . a officer of the law , just like we . earl well , we do not know that at the time . booth we assault a Federal agent . we kill he . earl no we do not . he die on he own . booth oh , right , with a little help from he pal Booth and Earl . I be sure that 's gonna fly real far when they hear that tape ... a horrible pause . then Booth finally say it . booth we gotta turn ourselves in , before they hear the tape . earl be you nut ? they will fry we for sure . there 's no way we be doin ' that , you understand ? no way . booth it 's the right thing to do . earl it 's the stupid thing to do , that 's what it be . Booth consider for a moment . relent . booth I should have know something like this be go to happen ! earl man take it easy ! you be sweat like crazy ! Booth take a deep breath , try to calm himself down - earl whatever happen , do not lose you cool . ext STREET -- day the car drive off -- int coroner' office -- day close on a pair of hand hold a plastic evidence bag -- inside the bag be a small tape recorder and a small microphone attach to a wire -- jesse hand the bag to ellen Martin -- dwayne scrutinize the content -- Booth get a glass of water and drink it down -- Earl watch as Martin open the bag -- martin all right gentleman -- maybe this will shed some light on what take place . Martin rewind the tape and we hear noise on the tape . dwayne be excited by the event , hope to get some answer -- he look at Booth and Earl . dwayne it 's kind of like that black box on the plane , you know , like the last second ? I figure most of what they hear be " aaaaaaaaaaagh ! " ( laugh ) what do you think ? not amused , Booth and Earl force smile -- earl I do not know . dwayne this just might be we ticket ! Martin and jesse look at dwayne -- just then the tape stop -- close on Booth , who look as if he might start tremble -- Earl sniff , try to play it cool but there be real fear in he eye -- Martin look at the two man for a beat , then -- close on Martin 's thumb as she press down the small play button -- dwayne perk up -- jesse perk up -- Booth swallow hard -- Earl sniff again -- the tape start -- it be static . Martin let it play for a while -- dwayne soon appear confuse -- dwayne what the hell ? Martin fast forward -- more static -- martin that 's odd . Booth and Earl look at each other -- Martin fast forward again -- static . jesse maybe the microphone be damage . martin look ok to I ... Martin fast forward again -- static . she let it play . martin well nothing audible to we . maybe the lab can pick something up . dwayne damn ! martin I be sorry to have drag you all the way down here for that . I think maybe it would help . Booth let out a inaudible deep breath -- Earl immediately play up to Martin , clearly relieved -- earl what other lead do you come up with ? martin not too many . but we be still collect evidence from the scene . dwayne well we would like to help you in any way we can . we be all in this together , as law enforcement officer . martin we appreciate that . the tape continue to play static -- dissolve to int hallway -- day Booth and Earl exit the coroner 's office , into the busy hallway of central police headquarters -- Earl gesture into the room -- earl we will be see you . Booth and Earl walk down the hallway , say nothing until they come to a rear exit -- ext central police headquarters -- nightfall the two man exit -- Booth lean against the wall and Earl bend down , rest he hand on he knee -- soon Earl laugh weakly . Booth do the same . soon they be laugh in a wild burst of relief -- the two man look at each other -- booth so what be you do tonight partner ? the two man laugh even harder -- earl I be go out partner . how ' bout you ? booth I too . CUT to int crowded bar -- night pan a crowded bar -- montage of Earl live it up . Music blare as he treat friend and attractive woman to drink , dance , life it up , all the time pay cash -- CUT to ext hogan house -- night Long shot of the front of the house , somewhere in the city of Las Vegas . a sheriff 's car be park out front . int hogan bedroom -- night dwayne be dress in he bowl shirt , stand outside a bathroom door . his face be red , and he voice be soft and slightly slur -- he pause for a beat before say anything -- dwayne come on ... I be sorry . really I am. ( beat ) wo not you open the door ? the door open , and there be sally . she be hesitant , and she cheek be slightly swollen . dwayne I would never do anything to hurt you . you know that , right ? Sally nod , she head slightly bow . dwayne you just mind that sarcasm . and I will mind my manners . deal ? she nod again . satisfied , dwayne reach down , pick up he bowl bag . dwayne now I will be back by 10 , for the kiss - and - make - up part . you do not have to wait up . I will wake ya . and with that , he 's out the door . ext hogan house -- night dwayne get in he car , drive past a few other park along the street . as soon as he turn , the headlight on one of the car turn on , and it drive to house and stop . int hogan live room -- night Booth open the door without knock . he carry a package inside . booth Sally ? there 's no answer . booth Sally ? I be beginning to think he be not gonna leave . sally ( o.s. , cheery ) I be in here . int hogan bedroom -- night Booth enter , as Sally turn from the makeup mirror to greet he . the bruise be fairly cover , and she smile hide it well . Booth hold out the package . sally you get I something ? what 's the occasion ? booth you deserve it be the occasion . Sally open the box -- she eye widen as she take out several article of very sexy , and expensive , lingerie -- booth I tell you I get hard in the store think about you in this ! Sally and Booth burst out laugh -- they kiss . Booth look hard into she eye , and suddenly he expression change . he 's see the bruise . booth what happen to you cheek ? sally oh I ...nothing ... booth nothing happen ? sally dwayne get a little tipsy be all . he do not handle pressure well . ( beat ) it 's over . Booth 's eye narrow . booth like hell it 's over . you tell I he be not do this anymore . sally he 's not , he 's ... booth that son of a bitch . sally Booth . do not . it 's nothing . it 's not worth it . remember what happen the last time ? Booth look away . sally let 's not get into this again . I know he . if you say something , he would take it out on I . booth and I would take it out on he . sally and I would end up a widow in two way . ( beat ) let 's forget it . I will just be a little more careful next time . booth there be not gonna be a next time . we be gonna get out of here . sally and go where ? he would find I . I know you do not think so , but he would . Booth think for a beat . booth what if we could go really , really far ? Sally try to put a end to it , with a change of tactic . sally we do not have to . we have get everything we need right here . Sally wrap she arm around Booth , kissing he deeply . then she look down at the package in she hand . sally baby ... this must have be expensive . he do not want to give in , but Sally 's make up she mind . booth you be worth every last penny . sally well , I can not let you down now , can I ? Sally seductively touch he chest , and walk off with the lingerie -- int hogan bedroom -- night Booth sit on the edge of the bed , watch -- Sally come out , dress up in the sexy outfit : bra , panty , garter belt , stocking -- Booth watch she as she approach he -- she seductively straddle he , kiss he full on the lip , then the neck , the chest ... out of frame -- Booth react accordingly at the right moment -- CUT to int hogan bedroom -- night -- later Booth be now on top , as the two go at it like animal , Sally 's leg wrap around he -- they both climax , and Booth kiss Sally -- Sally look at he and smile -- sally dwayne 's gonna love I in this . Booth look at she -- sally it 's a joke , silly . the two kiss some more -- soon the sound of voice rise faintly , high treble . earl ( v.o. ) how long you be lie there play possum with we , huh ? answer I ! booth ( v.o. ) he will tell they everything to save he ass . that 's how they all work it ! it slowly get louder -- earl ( v.o. ) no ...no ! no way ! that money be in we hand ! what do you hear ! how much do you hear ! dissolve to int jesse's house -- night pan a dimly light room , as the sound of the voice get clearer , though the sound be poor -- earl ( v.o. ) shit ! ( beat ) we be gonna have to get rid of he . ( coldly ) I be not let some gangbanger ruin my life . we can not risk it . booth ( v.o ) what be you think ? earl ( v.o. ) I do not know ... as the camera continue to pan we see the voice be come from a small tape recorder -- booth ( v.o. ) you be think about kill he . I can not do that . no way . I have never kill a man . never even shot at one . earl ( v.o ) well neither have I , but it 's we or he . if he talk , or write a note or whatever , he 's gonna turn we in . besides , he 's just a low life scumbag . his kind be hardly even human anyway . booth ( v.o. ) I can not do that . earl ( v.o. ) okay then . I will do it . soon a hand approach the recorder -- booth ( v.o. ) that 's not what I mean . earl ( v.o. ) listen . do you want to go to jail ? take evidence , tamper with a crime scene . you know what they would do . booth ( v.o. ) he would have do it to we , right ? earl ( v.o. ) exactly . this be we little secret , partner . the hand shut off the tape and we see the listener be jesse the coroner , who have a determine look in he glassy eye as he take a swig of bourbon -- fade out fade in int garage -- day the burn - out mercede sit in the center of the room -- ellen Martin look at it with forensic expert joe wallace , a man in he 40s wear thick glass -- wallace you want to hear the good news first , or the bad news ? martin give I the bad news . wallace we retrieve a few thing from the trunk , include a steamer trunk , or the remnant of a trunk , the brass clip and so forth . martin anything in it ? wallace money . Martin look at wallace -- wallace but nowhere near three million dollar worth . I would say maybe twenty thousand . martin ( bluntly ) there be more than that . wallace not in the trunk . martin that do not tell we much . do you run a check on the gas like I tell you ? wallace yeah , we do . it be unlead , high octane . martin so ... what 's the good news ? martin the car 's a diesel . again , Martin look at wallace - wallace that fire be set . deliberately . and probably not by anyone find at the scene . martin so someone do get away . wallace I do not know how else you would explain it . the coroner 's estimate time of death for everyone there be long before this fire start , unless of course denn start it , and that do not make much sense . martin no , it do not . neither do he blank tape . any news on that ? wallace we be do a check on the manufacturer ' serial number , see if there be other defective tape in the bunch . ( beat ) what 's you take on this local boy ? be they provide any answer ? Martin seem deep in think -- a skeptical look cross she eye -- martin no . I do not think they see much of this kind of thing . ( beat ) but they be go to . dissolve to sheriff' station -- day jesse look out the window of the station -- jesse I suppose no man can judge another 's action unless he have be in the same situation himself , present with the same temptation . ( beat ) and money sure be tempting . Hell , some people will pretty much do anything for money ... lie , cheat , steal , swindle ... jesse turn and look -- Booth and Earl listen to he , grim expression on they face . jesse ... kill. ( beat ) I do not suppose it would be too hard to kill a man , especially if he 's half dead , especially if he 's of the criminal persuasion . ( beat ) how do you know he be a federal officer with a wife , and a baby on the way ? Earl and Booth say nothing . jesse laugh -- jesse you gentleman look like you be about to toss you collective cookie . booth why do not you get to the point . jesse my point , well ... jesse get up -- jesse hey we be all friend , right ? Friends do not squeal on friend , that 's not what jesse segundo be all about . earl then what the hell be you all about ? jesse look hard at Earl -- jesse listen Earl . I cover for you . for both of you . I put my ass on the line to save yours , so do not pull a hostile tone with I ! booth ( resign ) what 's you offer , jesse ? jesse my offer ? well I would say it 's a fair one , like I say we be friend . all I want be my share , which I guess be ... Booth and Earl watch jesse as he fast - forward through the tape until he come to -- jesse I think it 's around here ... jesse then play -- earl ( v.o. ) " two million eight hundred thousand sweet mother we be millionaire . " jesse click the tape off -- jesse I will settle for a third of that . earl and if we refuse ? you tamper with evidence be not exactly a misdemeanor , do you ever consider that ? jesse true , but neither be attempt murder . in fact I would say that 's considerably worse , would not you , Earl ? Earl say nothing -- jesse besides , I be not stupid , Earl . the tape be a basic maxell D - 80 . you can buy them at any store . there 's no way they can pin anything on I . booth all right , jesse , we will play it you way , under one condition . jesse I be all ear . booth we be go to wait . all of we , until everything die down . jesse well , I do not know ... booth that 's the deal . if you do not like it , forget it , no one win . jesse look at Booth -- jesse ok ... I will wait . for now . but I be go to need a little advance , to oil the wheel , so to speak . booth how much ? jesse ( ponder ) I understand you logic , Booth , but I do not think ... two thousand 's go to raise any eyebrow , do you ? booth two thousand ... jesse ( sternly ) by Friday . ext hogan house -- night the light be on in the house -- int hogan live room -- night holding a remote , Sally flip through the channel , stop on a " lifestyle of the Rich and famous " type show -- Pov of the television -- high - life on the riviera -- dwayne enter , pop open a can of Beer -- it overflow a bit , and dwayne suck up the overflow -- dwayne Son of a bitch ! do you drop this ? Sally look at he and then back at the screen -- sally careful not to get any on the floor . dwayne put the beer on a table next to he chair -- dwayne gingerly lower himself into he chair , appear to have pain in he lower back - dwayne notice what 's on tv and seem mildly disappointed -- dwayne what 's this ? sally I do not know ... Sally watch the luxurious scene on the tv -- dwayne be this all that 's on ? she get up and hand he the remote -- sally here , watch what you want . I be go to take a shower . Sally head out of the room and dwayne watch she leave -- he then start surfing channel , take another sip of he beer , shift uncomfortably in he chair , wince a bit -- int hogan bedroom -- night have undress , Sally wrap a towel around she and walk into the bathroom -- the sound of the shower begin -- int hogan live room -- night close on dwayne 's hand flatten he empty beer can -- dwayne belch loudly -- he then shift in he chair again -- he back be really bother he -- dwayne damn it . dwayne get up and walk offscreen into the kitchen , hold he back -- we hear drawer open and close -- dwayne aw , where the hell be that thing ... int hogan bedroom -- night dwayne close he closet door -- irritate , he go to the close bathroom door -- dwayne hey where 's the hot pad ? sally ( o.s. ) what ? dwayne where 's the hot back -- the therapeutic pad thing ? sally ( o.s. ) I can not hear a word you be say ! dwayne forget it . dwayne check in a dresser , then open a closet , begin to dig through box on a shelf -- dwayne pull out a cord which be attach to a hot pad -- as he pull it out some article fall off the shelf onto the ground , include a shoe BOX -- dwayne look at the ground -- a lace strap poke out of the box - dwayne crouch down , slowly take the lid off -- we hear the sound of the shower stop and Sally get out of the shower -- dwayne lift up the expensive lingerie and look at it with a frown -- dwayne what the hell ?... he lift up the individual garment , turn they around -- the bathroom door open and Sally come out in a towel and robe -- she freeze and look at dwayne , play it cool - dwayne look back at she -- Sally approach he -- sally what be you digging around in my closet for ? dwayne I be look for the hot pad ! Sally go to grab the lingerie out of dwayne 's hand -- he refuse to let go -- dwayne you mind tell I where the hell this come from ? ( beat ) be there something I do not know about ? Sally look dwayne in the eye and fight to be casual , act merely irritate - sally what do you mean ? dwayne look hard at she -- dwayne I mean be you spend my money on other thing I do not know about ? get any fur in there ? mildly relieved , Sally grab the lingerie out of dwayne 's hand and stuff it back in the box -- sally do not be ridiculous ! it be not so expensive ! Sally put the box back -- sally it be go to be a surprise ! dwayne a surprise huh ? well I do not like any surprise , especially if I be forking over the loot for they ! Sally close the door and look at he for a beat before laugh weakly and walk away from he -- sally you be a real smooth talker , you know that ? Sally go to the mirror and comb she hair out -- dwayne what be you say ? sally I be say you be about as romantic as a bag of sand . dwayne ( menace ) watch that . watch that tone . dwayne look at she with a surly but suspicious expression on he face , then dismiss the exchange and leave with he hot pad . when he 's go , Sally look at herself in the mirror with a troubled expression on she face -- ext trailer home -- nightfall Booth and Earl 's patrol car be park next to the trailer . ext burial site above booth's trailer -- night stand in front of where the money be bury , Booth crouch down and open the bag . earl I could kill that no good son of a bitch ! booth all right enough ! I be tired of think about all this ! earl well I be not ! ( beat ) thinks he 's get we by the ball . booth well do not he ? besides if the dea hear that tape we would be behind bar right now . just call it the cost of do business . ( beat ) this whole thing be screw up . ( beat ) I be think . maybe we should tell them the truth ... Earl give Booth a " get real " look . incredulous . booth ... or get rid of the money . I do not know . earl I have get a better idea . all we have to do be straighten out jesse . booth and how do you figure we do that ? earl all we have to do be get we hand on the original tape . we will set he up somehow . booth he 's probably make copy . he 's not go to give they up to we . earl forget the copy ! he could have make up the copy -- the only thing that incriminate we be the original . Booth rifle through the bag -- earl he 's go to be trouble . booth he 's a partner now , Earl , like it or not . Earl look around -- Booth inspect the money , then look up at Earl - booth have you be back here ? Earl look at he for a beat , guiltily - earl yeah I just take a little out . I be keep track of it , you can trust I . Booth get up . booth we have a deal ! what be I , talk to the wall ? earl for Christ 's sake , Booth , I just need to take care of a few debt be all ! you get my word on it -- I be not go near it again until everything cool down . Booth look at Earl for a beat , then proceed to take out the two thousand for jesse before hastily sealing up the bag -- booth you say that last time ! earl well I mean it this time . ( beat ) come on . let 's get this over with ! the man begin to fill the hole with dirt -- fade out fade in ext walking path -- day Booth and Sally walk slowly , and close together , down a remote , scenic walk path - sally I tell he I buy the lingerie , as a surprise . I do not think he suspect anything , but now you know , if he mention it . booth how the hell do he find it ? sally he start digging through my closet , something he never do . booth great ... sally it 's ok , Booth , it 's no big deal . booth let 's hope so . sally if he ask I again , I be gonna tell he I return it all . booth dammit , I be so sick of this . sally ( sigh ) I know . booth every night I think about you sleep with he , he slobbering all over you . sally he do not slobber , he just snore . and I tell you we have not ... do anything in over a year . booth it do not matter ... he 's next to you . ( beat ) you know , I always say to myself , you should have leave he year ago . why do not you ? sally I use to think he be something , once ... ( beat ) I be eighteen , I do not know any better , and he have something steady to offer . Booth shake he head to himself -- sally you get into a routine , after a few year , when the thrill be go , I just say to myself this be my destination , I guess . Sally look at Booth -- sally and then I meet you . Booth look back at she -- booth let 's just get out of here , get out of this -- place . we will drop out , get a house have some kid , get a satellite dish ... sally I hate it when you talk like this . ( beat ) go on . booth we would ... I do not know ... go to California , New York , maybe a house on a swiss mountainside ... sally it would have to be Switzerland to make sure dwayne never find we . dwayne whatever it take ... Sally stop walk -- sally what 's get into you ? Booth notice Sally have stop walk -- he stop and look at she -- pause to arrange he thought -- booth I be bored , you know ? I be frustrated . I want it to work for we . Sally approach he , and they embrace -- sally so do i. booth ( beat ) I love you Sally . sally I love you . they kiss -- Sally put she head on he shoulder -- sally what be we go to do ? booth we be go to figure it out . it will not be long . ( beat ) trust I . they kiss again , and Booth put he arm around she -- sally a satellite dish ? booth well I be just throw out idea ... they walk down the lane , say nothing -- dissolve to ext vega strip - day montage of all the casinos , the crowd , the glitter - ext resort - day at the entrance of one casino , people be see pull up , load and unload luggage , leave and arrive - slowly a figure emerge from the crowd , alone , walk dejectedly - it be jesse , who walk into the harsh sunlight , oblivious to the people around he - he look haggard , exhaust -- he squint from the glare , put on he sunglass and look down the strip - he stand there for a beat , then let out a prolong , defeat sigh - his pager go off - jesse read the number - ext payphone - day jesse wipe down he forehead with one hand and dig in he pocket with the other - he come up with a measly handful of change and stuff it back into he pocket - he pick up the phone and dial the operator - jesse I wanna make a collect call ... int sheriff' station - day dwayne approach a phone - trudy ( o.s. ) line six , chief ... dwayne press the appropriate extension and pick up the phone - dwayne jesse ? jesse ( v.o. ) yeah whaddya want ?. dwayne what the hell be you call collect for ? ext payphone - day jesse I be at a payphone in Vegas . what 's up ? dwayne ( v.o. ) Vegas ! can you hightail it back here by three o'clock ? jesse why ? int sheriff' office - day dwayne well , we get the dea come down here again , I do not know , sound to I like they get some more question they want to ask we . jesse ( v.o. ) ( beat ) about what ? dwayne well they really do not go into any detail on the phone , but they do ask for you , and I figure we should try to help they out as best we can . ext payphone - day jesse ( beat , look around ) uh , sure . I hear you . dwayne ( v.o. ) so be here at three . jesse I will do my best ... that do not give I much time . dwayne ( v.o. ) I have complete faith in you . but do not you go speed . jesse yeah ... see you at three . jesse hang up the phone with a concerned expression on he face . ext earl' mother' house -- day a car pull up and Earl get out in front of the small Las Vegas house -- he get the mail out of the box and approach the modest house -- he open the door and go in -- int earl' mother' kitchen -- day Earl walk in with the mail -- Earl 's mother be wash dish . earl hi mar . earl' mother hi. she turn off the water and dry she hand -- earl' mother I do not know you be come . earl I be in the neighborhood . earl' mother be that the mail ? earl yeah . Earl 's mother inspect the mail -- she seem disappointed . Earl 's mother drop the mail on the counter -- earl' mother how 's work ? earl well , same ol ' same ol ' . Earl pour himself a glass of milk from out of the refrigerator - earl' mother people have be ask I about that story in the paper . I tell they you be the first person on the scene . they be ask I for all the detail . earl it be pretty gory mar , let I tell you . but you have to turn all that off , and do you job , just like pop use to say . earl' mother do they ever find out who they be ? earl nope . if you be a criminal you do not carry id , and if you do you be a damn fool . earl' mother I tell you this world just keep get more and more violent . earl at least around here it do . earl' mother ( go to pantry ) be you hungry ? earl yeah sure I will grab something before I go ... ( beat ) hey -- I have get a surprise . earl' mother you do ? Earl take a sip of he milk , then smile at he mother - earl you want to see it ? int earl' mother' live room - day Earl carry a large , heavy BOX through the front door and rest it on the ground - earl' mother what be it ? Earl stand up , stretch he lower back - earl there be this raffle go on at the station , some charity or church be run it , I forget , so I figure what the hell put in my five buck ... earl' mother and what happen ? earl well basically I forget about it , you know , you never win this thing , but this time , well ... Earl rip the paper off the box to reveal a large window AIR conditioner - earl I win ! Earl 's mother head over to he , look at the box -- earl' mother well what do you know ! a air conditioner . earl and not just any air conditioner . this baby sell for over six hundred dollar retail . earl' mother that 's great Earl ! earl yep , fifteen thousand btu 's , enough to cool off this whole place . earl' mother this whole place ? earl yeah . figure you could have it . Earl 's mother stare at he for a beat -- earl' mother do not you want it ? earl ah , hell I will get one soon enough . besides , I want you to have it . earl' mother ( laugh ) well I do not know -- earl you have do without it long enough , mar . Earl pick up he milk glass - earl just like the commercial say , you deserve a break today ... he take a swig of milk -- Earl 's mother look at the air conditioner , pleasantly surprised - earl' mother we can put it in the live room window ... ( beat ) this be great Earl . Earl 's mother hug he -- earl' mother thank you honey . be you sure you do not want it ? earl ( casually ) absolutely positively . earl' mother it will certainly be a improvement ... ( beat ) what be the charity again ? Earl set the glass on a table -- earl ( beat ) I do not remember . but I be glad I give it a shot . dissolve to int sheriff' station -- day dwayne look at he watch -- 3:25 -- Martin , Booth , Earl , and dwayne sit in the station -- suddenly jesse walk through the door , with a ashen expression on he face -- dwayne Nice of you to join we . I do say three o'clock , do not I ? jesse well I be here now . Booth and Earl react to jesse 's expression as he sit down -- jesse what 's up ? martin I want to meet with you all to go over some new information about the murder . jesse do you find a suspect ? Martin look at jesse -- martin uh , no ... dwayne do not you think I would have tell you that ! earl well what be it ? martin we discover something interesting about the tape denn be wear . ( beat ) base on the serial number , we have determine that the tape be purchase locally . jesse swallow . hard . booth yeah ? so ? martin it 's odd . I do not know how denn have the time , or the ability to buy something local , base on he situation . earl well I suppose you would know more about he situation than we . Martin stare at Earl -- martin maybe . maybe not . dwayne what be you get at ? martin well , unfortunately denn 's not here to tell we , but I would say someone get they hand on that tape and switch it . dwayne why would someone do that ? martin because they do not want anyone to hear what 's on it , obviously . Martin look directly at jesse -- dwayne turn and do the same -- jesse look at they -- jesse well , like you say , he 's not here to tell we . martin that 's true ... that 's true . just then Martin 's beeper go off -- she read it -- martin Excuse I , I have to make a phone call . Martin go over to a phone -- dwayne look at jesse -- dwayne something wrong , jesse ? jesse no. something wrong with you dwayne ? dwayne you walk in here look like you just eat a shit sandwich . jesse well , I just get a lot of thing on my mind be all . dwayne shrug and look at Booth and Earl -- dwayne what do you think about all this ? earl Hell , I do not know . if I have some input I would offer it up . booth we gotta roll anyhow . how long be this go to take ? Martin hang up -- dwayne whatsamatter with you ? be not you concerned about all of this ? booth I can not get enough of it . Martin approach the man as Booth and Earl get up - booth anything else we can do for you ? martin well , I want to ask you a few more question , but I have to go . I be sorry . Martin look at jesse -- martin thanks for come down . jesse any time . earl we be out of here . jesse right behind you . Booth , Earl , and jesse all head out -- Martin watch they leave -- dwayne address she -- dwayne we just get start , where you head off to ? Martin continue to watch the man leave , then turn she attention to dwayne - martin oh that be agent wallace . we be go to check into something . dwayne maybe I should come along . Martin appear reluctant for a moment -- martin do not you have to be here ? dwayne Hell no . besides I be just a radio call away if something happen . I feel I should keep abreast of what happen , see it 's my jurisdiction and all . martin mm-hmm ... dwayne look , agent Martin ... dwayne ellen ... dwayne ellen ... ( beat ) I know you might think this be a small town , and we do thing a certain way , but I do not want you to confuse that with ... a lack of resolve . dwayne 's expression become more determine - dwayne I do not like people get away from I , and I be prepare to scour the earth for whoever do it . I want you to know that . Martin and dwayne look at each other for a beat - Martin then give dwayne a faint smile of respect - martin ( beat ) ok , sure . let 's go . ext sheriff' station -- day Booth and Earl exit and jesse approach they from behind -- jesse meet I at the tumbleweed diner . earl what ? jesse just do it ! meet I there , now . Booth and Earl watch jesse as he make a beeline for he car -- int " tumbleweed " diner -- day pan the local diner -- jesse drag on a cigarette and face Booth and Earl as they sit in a booth - jesse there 's go to have to be a change in we arrangement . booth what be you propose ? jesse I want my share . all of it . earl forget it . jesse take another drag and stare hard at Earl - jesse I be not ask . earl well you be not get , either . jesse listen - jesse look around the diner -- jesse I do not like get grill by that dea bitch , I do not like take that kind of heat ! booth none of we like it ! jesse well I do not know what 's go to happen next -- she 's press this , another interrogation , another problem . booth just take it in stride . jesse ( loud ) I be not gonna take -- ( beat , quieter ) I be not gonna take it in stride . ( beat ) I have a good run turn to shit on I like that - ( snap finger hard ) clean I out . earl what do you mean ? you gamble it ? jesse I be on a roll ! I ím a little overextend now . earl oh Jesus Christ ... jesse so I want the money and I want it now . earl well you can not have it . jesse stare at Earl with a mixture of desperation and iron determination -- jesse look ... I can turn that tape over to Martin and come out smell like a rise , you understand that Earl ? so I be go to make you a final proposition . I want two million dollar tonight , or the tape go into she hand tomorrow morning . Booth and Earl stare at jesse for a beat -- earl you be out of you mind . booth yeah , I mean you be come unglue , jesse . jesse you want to see how more unglue I can get ? try I . earl you be never get that much . jesse I think I be . jesse get up -- jesse I will give you until nine o'clock tonight to bring it to my house . jesse look at the table -- jesse hope you do not mind pick up the tab . Booth and Earl watch jesse storm off -- ext STREET -- day a patrol car zoom down the road -- int patrol car -- day Booth drive and Earl look out the window -- earl you think he 's bluff ? booth no . earl neither do I . Earl sigh loudly and look out the window -- booth look , Earl . we gotta go straight . this be all mess up ... earl if you be any friend at all , you will stop talk like that ! booth maybe we can reason with jesse , give he a third in exchange for the tape . earl I do not think he 's go to be do any bargain with we , the stupid son-of - a-bitch ! besides , I be not give he a third of anything , not after everything we have to do . booth well what be we suppose to do ? earl I do not know ... we have to shut he up somehow . Booth look at Earl -- earl jesse 's a reckless guy , Booth . get a lot of monkey on he back . who know , maybe it all catch up with he somehow . Booth realize what Earl be say . booth you be crazy . earl how badly do you want that money ?! how bad do you want to stay out of jail ? booth not bad enough to kill he . earl who say anything about kill ? ( beat ) just keep drive straight ... ext road -- day the car drive down the street -- ext bank -- day establish the bank , with a patrol car in front -- int bank -- day Martin , wallace , and dwayne be in a room with the bank manager , mr . curtis -- on a table be three hundre dollar bill - wallace Mr. curtis call we this afternoon . the bill arrive at this branch from a cash drop . come through a store call after Midnight . there 's only four employee , none of they can tell we who pass they . dwayne be this mark money , or what ? dwayne look at Martin and wallace -- wallace some of it . denn only handle a small portion of the total , but it look like this be one of he bill . dwayne so there be money there ! who the hell 's money be it ?! martin we do not know . whoever get this payload together have one hell of a launder system . dwayne have you know this all along ? martin well you can understand why we do not say anything . if word get out that we have a track on the money it would only work against we . dwayne well yes I understand that , we do not want they high - tailing it out of here . Martin then look at dwayne -- martin sheriff hogan -- dwayne dwayne . martin ( smile ) dwayne ... ( beat ) it be imperative that we keep this confidential . now we know someone 's out there . very close . it may even be the son of a bitch that kill my partner . dwayne Fine . the information do not leave this room . Martin look at the bank manager - curtis I be not gonna say anything ! dwayne yeah -- this be confidential . martin ok ... this be good . we first solid lead . dwayne do you say after Midnight ? wallace yeah . dwayne what the hell be that , some kind of porno store or something ? wallace not exactly . it 's some lingerie store on the strip . dwayne lingerie ... wallace yeah , racy stuff , you know the kind , right ? dwayne sure ... dissolve to ext hogan house -- night the light be on inside -- int hogan live room -- night dwayne and Sally face each other , eat at a table -- nothing be say for a considerable length , dwayne focus on he plate , Sally occasionally look up at dwayne -- soon Sally put she fork down -- sally all right what 's the matter ? dwayne look up , then back at he plate -- dwayne nothing . nothing 's the matter . sally be not you go to tell how you day go ? dwayne not much to tell . nothing really happen . sally that have not stop you before . dwayne look up at she -- dwayne funny ... dwayne resume eat -- dwayne suppose I be not exciting enough for you . sally I do not say that . you do . dwayne well you might as well say it . mister small time ... sally just try to be civil dwayne . dwayne continue eat -- sally do not you want to hear about my day ? dwayne yeah let 's hear about you day . sally well I get the tire rotate , I go shopping , and I make dinner . dwayne do not respond -- sally and a fly saucer land in the backyard , alien abduct I , perform experiment , and let I go . dwayne well it sound like you have quite a full day . dwayne keep look at he plate -- Sally look at he for a beat then get up , take she plate -- sally whatever ... dwayne look I work all day , I be tired as hell and I want to sit and eat in peace ! be that ask too much ? Sally turn and face he -- sally no , dwayne , you go ahead and relax , have a six pack and fall asleep in front of the tv , and come upstairs and pass out . and do it all over again tomorrow ! dwayne save I the sermon . I have hear it all before , it 's boring . sally it certainly be ... dwayne watch she leave -- ext jesse's house -- night Booth and Earl approach the door , Booth carry a bag . Earl hesitates , pull a pair of latex glove out of he pocket . he hand a pair to Booth . booth perfect . he will freak when he see this . int jesse's house -- night jesse take a swig of booze out of a old glass -- the door knock and jesse go to answer it -- he look through the peephole -- Pov Booth and Earl be outside . jesse smile and open the door -- jesse I be beginning to think you be not go to show . ( look at bag ) that can not be all of it . booth no . it 's not . Booth and Earl walk in . jesse what 's ... what 's with the glove ? Earl pull out he service revolver and aim it at jesse -- earl sit down , jesse . jesse stare at Booth and Earl in stunne silence -- he laugh , nervously . jesse I do not believe this . jesse ignore the request , pour himself another drink . the bottle shake slightly . jesse you know , I have a feel you just might pull something like this , some hard - ass tactic . jesse take another swig and look at they -- jesse do not you think I would be prepare ? Earl and Booth stare at jesse -- earl sit down , jesse . jesse stare back at they -- jesse you be not go to shoot I . Earl look at he , then put he revolver back -- earl Nah , I guess I can not . Booth and Earl then grab jesse -- jesse struggle as they pin he to the ground -- jesse what the hell be you do , you crazy some bitch -- earl we be gonna talk . they drag he up on he foot , over to a metal office chair where they plunk he down -- Booth get out some cuff -- earl I do not suppose you will tell we where the tape be . jesse well it 's not here -- you be waste you time and you be pissing I off ! as Earl restrain jesse , Booth take one cuff and clamp it around jesse 's wrist and the arm of the chair -- jesse wince in pain -- Earl then quickly jam a wooden stick between jesset tooth and tie the rope on both end tightly around the back of jesset head - jesse what the hell !!! Earl go over to the bag and pull out some lamp cord which he toss to Booth - Booth take the cord and quickly begin to secure jesse to the chair -- jesse I do not know what the hell you be do but you be as good as dead now ! spittle run down jesset chin - Earl continue to rummage think the bag -- he pull out some object wrap in plastic and set they on a table -- jesse watch Earl -- jesse what the hell be this shit ! Earl reach for jesse 's pack of cigarettes on the table , look at the brand with disgust , hrows they on the table -- he fumble in he pocket and find one menthol cigarette leave in a soft pack in he shirt pocket -- he hastily stuff the pack halfway in he pocket - earl you be the only person I know on Earth who smoke this bullshit brand ! jesse look on as Earl light up the cigarette and begin to open the plastic package , revealing first a spoon , which he place on the table , then a syringe - and then a small white plastic bottle , label potassium - a look of genuine concern cross jesset face as he see the bottle - jesse if anything happen to I I get people who will go straight -- ( struggle ) straight to a safety deposit box and they will find out everything ! Booth continue to tie up jesse as he and Earl look at each other -- booth you do not expect we to believe that do you ? jesse you better believe it if you know what 's good for you ! earl see that 's the problem with you . you get a big mouth . a big fat mouth . Earl take a spoonful of potassium and hold a lighter over it - the heat cause a lavender smoke to rise as the potassium liquefy - jesse get I out of this ! get I out of this asshole !! you try anything , you will leave a thousand clue . we find them all the time . we be train for it . earl so be we , jesse . jesse begin to struggle wildly , kick fiercely -- Booth fight to stabilize he -- earl dammit settle he down ! Booth fight to do so -- he stare at Earl -- Earl fill the syringe , hand beginning to shake as he liquid fill the chamber - booth how long be it go to take ?! earl I do not know ! shit , give I a break ! crash !!!! jesse and the chair hit the ground . his face be smashed against the floor . jesse come on , Booth . do not let he do this !!! booth do not have much choice , jesse . you see to that ! jesse you be only screwing yourselves over ! ( beat ) helllllp ! ( louder ) helllllp ! somebody !!! booth shut up , jesse . jesse ( at the top of he lung ) helllllp !!!! earl no one 's gonna hear you , jesse . we be in the middle of nowhere ! Earl approach with the menace needle -- earl look , get he up , all right ? Booth struggle and fail to pull jesse up -- Earl put down the syringe and together they stand jesse upright -- jesse be almost in tear now , blood seep from a cut on he cheek . jesse do not hurt I . earl we gotta , jesse . it 's tough , but you do not leave we any choice . we gotta know where the tape be . Earl bring the needle over ... he begin to bring it toward the direction of jesset mouth - jesse be come unglue - Earl stare at he hard - earl easy to purchase , hard to detect . too much potassium can kill a man . ( beat ) just have to ... pick a discreet spot . jesse stop ! stop ! I do not need the money . you can have it all . booth where 's the tape ? where be the copy ? jesse look down as the needle enter he mouth , just under the tongue - he eye bulge in fear - jesse there aren't any copy ! there's just the original , and i'll take you there !!! jesse I be not convinced ... Earl then stab the needle under jesset tongue - jesse scream as Booth watch with great apprehension - booth whoa , Earl ! jesse okay ! it's under my desk !! tape to the bottom side !!! booth what be you do , Earl ? Earl look at jesse , then back at Booth - he then remove the needle from jesse 's mouth - suddenly , Booth slam Earl against the wall - Earl 's cigarette pack go fly -- booth what be you think ? ( under he breath ) we be only suppose to scare he ! earl I be just make we intention clear . go check the desk . jesse see , I be tell the truth ! Booth pull the cassette from the bottom , hold there by mask tape . booth here it be . earl there it be ... now what about the other ? jesse there be no other , goddammit ! Earl turn and smile at jesse - earl better safe than sorry . Earl then rapidly and unexpectedly stab the needle under jesset tongue and inject the content - jesse scream , then after a second - he jolt violently - he eye roll back into he head - booth Earl !!! Booth pull Earl away , but it 's too late . the syringe be empty - jesse jolt violently again , and crash to the floor - the two man stare at jesse in shocked silence - jesse exhales one final time , a death gasp from he open , drool mouth - Booth look at Earl with a mixture of shock and terror - earl we have no choice . Booth say nothing - earl you know that . deep down , you know it . Booth then turn and look at jesse - earl even if we have the tape , that would not shut he up ! booth you kill he ... earl ( beat ) it 's gonna be o.k. booth like hell it be . this be jesse ! jesse ! jesse 's eye dilate . his head rock back . earl you know there 's no other way . Earl stand back . Booth back away in horror , sweat run down he face - booth what 's go on ? what 's happen to we ?? Booth run he hand through he hair , turn to the window again , disgust by what 's happen -- booth you...stupid .... Booth then turn and shove Earl violently across the room - booth Son of a bitch ! Booth look around and head out the front door -- Earl get up and follow he - ext dwayne's house -- night Booth step out to the porch , feel he chest as if sicken -- Earl follow he out and grab he , spin he around - earl wait a minute ! Booth shove he back , and the two man square off - earl do not start lose it on I Booth ! do you understand what I be say ! Booth stare at Earl for a beat - booth Jesus Christ Earl ... what be we do ?... earl we be do what we gotta do , to protect ourselves ! booth you do not know if he be really gonna -- earl yes I do ! it never woulda stop , you know that . jesse 's always gonna be make mistake and we would be pay for they for the rest of we life . Earl grab Booth -- earl now you have to get it under control . we gotta get out of here , we gotta set he up just right and you can not come apart on I now ! Booth take a very deep breath -- earl now be you under control ? Booth look at Earl , fight to maintain composure -- dissolve to int jesse's house -- night jesse 's lifeless eye stare into the camera , he mouth agape , he head lie in a pool of saliva -- the camera stay with he for a long moment , pull back slowly -- all that can be hear be the tick of a clock - Booth and Earl look down at the body say nothing -- the camera stay with they for a long moment -- we see all three man , motionless , Booth and Earl stand over jesse -- close on jesse's mouth as Booth remove the gag - together , Earl and Booth carefully remove the handcuffs and lamp cord -- Earl stand the chair up -- Booth and Earl look down at jesse -- Earl take jesse 's hand and pull it out above he -- he grab the whiskey glass and place it near jesse 's hand , spilling the content on the ground -- Booth scoops up the item on the table -- Booth turn the tv on with the sound off -- Earl watch this but do not protest -- Booth stuff the lamp cord back into the bag -- Earl and Booth look at jesse -- jesse lie on the ground , appear to have collapse on he own -- Earl and Booth look at he . they look guilty as hell . booth maybe we should say somethin' . earl come on . Booth grab the bag -- earl do you have everything ? booth I sure as hell hope so . ( beat ) let 's go . Booth and earl do a final check of the room -- Booth open the front door and turn the inside lock -- together the man take one last look , then exit - the door close - camera pan over , down , across the floor , and settling onto something under a radiator -- it be Earl 's empty cigarette pack -- fade out fade in ext STREET -- day a patrol car zoom down the road -- int car -- day dwayne drive down the road with a preoccupy look on he face -- a country song about heartbreak play on the radio - Pov the car pass sign indicate Las Vegas be a few mile away -- ext vega strip mall -- day the patrol car pull up -- one of the store list be after midnight , a lingerie store -- ext after midnight -- day dwayne look in the window , display a assortment of sexy lingerie -- dwayne survey the window , put on he aviator sunglass and head in -- int after midnight -- day dwayne head into the store -- a female salesperson smile at he -- salesperson hello . dwayne hi . dwayne play it casual , look at the assortment of bras , panty , teddy , garter belt , sheer bathrobe , etc. , etc ... the salesperson approach -- salesperson anything I can help you with ? dwayne well I just uh , you know ... dwayne face she -- dwayne I have a anniversary come up , think I would buy she something special . salesperson anything ... specific ? dwayne well I do not know ... dwayne laugh nervously , gesture to a garment that leave little to the imagination -- dwayne I mean , how much be something like that ? the salesperson check -- salesperson this be ...65 dollar . dwayne sixty five ... ( laugh ) jeez Louise ! salesperson we be have a sale on some item over here -- the go to a rack mark sale -- salesperson do you know she size ? the question catch dwayne off guard - dwayne uh , well I do not know she specific size ... the salesperson patiently smile -- dwayne pull out he wallet -- dwayne maybe I can give you a idea ... he produce a photograph of Sally -- hand it to the salesperson -- salesperson she 's pretty ... dwayne look at the picture as if he have not think it in a while - dwayne yeah , she be . she come up to about here on I . salesperson hmmm ... dwayne I do not suppose you have see she . salesperson have I see she ? dwayne Shopping here ? salesperson no , I can not say that I have . dwayne oh . dwayne put the photo back -- the salesperson look at the rack - salesperson let 's see ... do you know she cup size ? dwayne ( beat ) uh...c ? salesperson C ? dwayne yeah I would say c...c. salesperson do you know ...34 c? 32 C ? dwayne no I do not . ( beat ) you sure you havenít see she ? the salesperson smile and shake she head politely , take aback by he curiosity - dwayne well ... I should have do a little homework , get all the size , and what not . salesperson sure . dwayne I be just not very good ... with all of this stuff . salesperson oh , that 's ok , a lot of man feel uncomfortable when they come in here . dwayne a lot of man come in here ? salesperson oh yeah . between here and Vegas we get a lot of customer . all type . ( beat ) even have a officer , just like you . dwayne look at the salesperson - int electronics store -- day it be a clearance warehouse -- a clerk stand behind a counter , Martin and wallace face he -- the clerk be hold a picture of jesse segundo -- clerk yeah , I have see he . martin what do he buy ? clerk I do not remember . we get a lot of people in here . martin could it have be this ? she hand over a 3 - pack of maxell cassette tape . clerk I really do not remember . wallace when be the last time he be here ? clerk not too long ago . martin be more specific . a month , a week ... clerk a week ago , at most . martin thanks for you time . Martin head out , wallace watch she , and follow - wallace whoa ... whoa ... the clerk watch they leave , totally confuse -- clerk wait -- hey what 's this all about ! ext road -- day a unmarked car be park by the side of the road . wallace be in a phone booth . int unmarked car -- day -- continuous Martin be in the driver seat , as wallace climb back in . they begin drive . wallace he do not make it into work , and he 's not home . martin I know it , I know it all along - shit ! wallace you think he skip town ? martin we be go to find out . int sheriff' station -- day Earl walk in alone . nobody be in sight . earl dwayne ? trudy ? trudy ( o.s. ) dwayne 's not here , Earl . he go down to the bank with that government people . earl the bank ? trudy ( o.s. ) yeah . that 's what he say . Earl bite he lip . ext dirt road -- day dwayne drive up the dirt road toward Booth 's trailer , stop along the side , out of trailer 's line of sight . he begin to walk toward the trailer , cautiously . int trailer bedroom -- day Booth and Sally sit and face one another -- sally how be we go to do all this ? booth I be go to quit . that 's what have to happen first . then we be go to tell he . sally I do not know , Booth . booth I will be there for you . he will not try anything while I be there . ( take she hand ) I promise . I will protect you . ext trailer -- day dwayne have make it to where he can see the trailer . he look out over the bush . Pov Sally 's car , park around the corner of the trailer . dwayne clenches he jaw , fight to contain he rage . he turn around and head back toward he car . int trailer bedroom -- day sally when do you expect this inheritance stuff to be straighten out ? booth should not be long . a couple of week maybe . sally can you rely on how much they say you would get ? booth it will be more than enough . we can get out of here ... int jesse's house -- day wham !!! wallace kick the door open and he and Martin rush in . they freeze when they see jesse on the ground . wallace oh shit ... jesse stare blankly through glaze eye -- Martin go over to the body and check jesse 's wrist -- wallace be he dead ? Martin feel jesse 's neck for a pulse and realize it 's futile -- martin yeah . wallace what do you think ? heart attack ? Martin inspect the abrasion on jesse 's wrist -- then look around the room -- martin I do not know ... Martin look for the phone -- martin get sheriff hogan down here , somebody , anybody let 's lock it down here . wallace go to the phone and dial -- Martin look around the room , skeptical of the scene -- he then inspect the puncture mark on jesse 's arm -- martin this be not right ... wallace I be not get a answer . martin not get a answer ? for Christ 's sake ! call 911 ! let 's get it lock down here ! wallace hang up and dial 911 -- Martin crouch down and inspect the wound on jesse 's forehead -- she shake she head and sigh , frustrated -- something then catch she eye in the corner -- she get up , walk over to it , crouch down , and pick it up . it be Earl 's empty cigarette pack . martin wallace ? get over here . wallace look at the pack with Martin . martin you take jesse 's car outside . head to the station , detain deputy whitney if he 's there . I will go to he apartment . int trailer bedroom -- day Booth be look intently at Sally . booth why do that bother you ? sally I be not sure why . it 's just , I have never be anywhere else ... booth Sally there 's a whole world out there . we can have a new home . a real home , not some tin-plate dump . what be you give up ? sally I do not know . my friend ... booth we will meet new people . you might have friend out there you never meet . sally yeah , I guess you be right . ( beat ) it 's just ... all so sudden ... booth yeah , it be ... all of a sudden , the phone begins ringing . Booth head into the live room -- int trailer live room -- day Booth pick up the phone -- booth hello ? int . sheriff' station -- day earl Booth . we get a problem . int car trunk -- day the blackness of the trunk be turn momentarily to light , as it open to reveal dwayne , reach in . he pull out a shotgun , lower the trunk , and shut it quietly -- ext dirt road - day dwayne head toward the trailer , gun in hand . int trailer live room -- day Booth talk on the phone -- Sally listen in the background -- booth what do you mean , traceable ? int sheriff' station -- day Earl be speak with Booth . earl I do not know for sure , but why else would they head for the bank ? booth ( o.s. ) it be all use . random number . how can they trace it ? earl I do not know . they get all kind of high - tech shit nowadays . int trailer live room -- day booth then we be screw . earl ( v.o. ) no we be not . int trailer bedroom -- day Sally listen into the conversation -- booth we be not ? how do you figure that ? int sheriff' station -- day earl we will take the money and disappear ! we can do it , spend it on the move . even if all of it 's mark , there 's way around it . booth ( v.o. ) we have get to go now , then . earl that 's right . booth ( v.o. ) then Sally come too . Earl think for a second -- earl all right , Sally come too . ( beat ) I will be right there . you just hang tight , partner . int trailer bedroom -- day Booth hang up the phone , turn to see Sally look at he , and head over to she -- sally do you wanna tell I what that be all about ? booth ( sigh ) yeah . I want to tell you everything . ext sheriff' station -- day Earl jump into he car , peel out of the lot . ext highway -- day Earl go rip past . int jesse's car -- day wallace see Earl approach , from the opposite direction - int earl' car -- day Earl recognize jesse 's car -- ext highway -- day Earl 's car pass the vehicle at a high speed -- int earl' car -- day Earl look in the rearview mirror -- Pov mirror -- wallace do a screeching u-turn . Earl panic , and punch it -- ext road -- day Earl 's car zoom down the road - wallace follow -- int earl' car -- day Earl look in he rearview mirror -- earl shit ! Earl step on the gas . int jesse's car -- day wallace pastes it to the floor , in hot pursuit . ext trailer home -- day dwayne head to the front door -- listen in -- booth ( o.s. ) thing just get a little screw up , that 's all . sally ( o.s. ) I do not believe it . booth ( o.s. ) I swear to you , it 's true ... int trailer bedroom -- day booth we will disappear and he will be out of we life forever . Sally grapples to put it all in perspective -- she shake she head , do not know what to say -- Booth approach she , gently put he hand on she shoulder and look in she eye -- booth Sally , do you love I ? sally you know I do . Booth 's lip get closer to Sally 's -- booth then take this chance . ( beat ) take it with I ... the two begin to kiss -- ext trailer home -- day a enraged dwayne can no longer control himself -- he peer into the trailer window -- Pov Booth and Sally kiss passionately -- dwayne storm toward the front door and smash -- kick it open -- int trailer bedroom -- day Booth freeze -- dwayne stare at they -- they stare back , dumb strike -- sally oh my God ... dwayne I think I be gonna be sick ... booth now just take it easy dwayne -- dwayne pull out he revolver - dwayne you shut you mouth you son of a bitch ! sally dwayne put the gun down -- dwayne shut up !!! slut !!! dwayne head over to she -- dwayne you would do this to I ?! sally dwayne - dwayne you would do this to I ! crack !!! dwayne backhand Sally hard across the mouth -- she slam against the wall and fall to the floor . Booth spring toward dwayne , who aim he gun -- dwayne come on ! come on scumbag ! Sally get up , bleed from the mouth -- booth put ... the gun ...down ... dwayne be tremble with rage . ext highway -- day Earl have the car floor at 110 mph , with wallace right behind . he almost skid off the road as they round a turn , dust fly in a huge wake behind he . wallace close in . int earl' car -- day Earl 's eye be glue to the rear view . earl shit . shit shit shit ! int jesse's car -- day wallace close in . he reach under he arm , pull out a revolver . throw it into he leave hand , drive with the right . tries to aim , unsteadily . int booth's bedroom -- day dwayne be seethe . dwayne I should kill you right here ! I never think you would do this to I but I guess there 's a lot I do not know about you ! booth dwayne listen to I - dwayne shut up ! not another word out of you ! you be go down , the fed know all about it ! you do not know some of it be mark , do you ! where 's the rest ? booth I do not know what you be - dwayne ( enraged ) do not lie to I !!!! sally dwayne please calm down ! dwayne calm down -- blam blam !!! Booth and Sally cringe as dwayne fire around the room . dwayne how 's that ??! how 's that for calm ??! close on the muzzle of a gun -- as it go off . blam ! int earl' car -- day the back window blows out . blam blam blam ! wallace 's other bullet go wild . int jesse's car -- day wallace fight for aim , use he leave hand . blamm blamm ! -- int trailer bedroom -- day blam ! dwayne fire again -- dwayne how 's that , you -- pow ! dwayne punch Sally across the face -- Booth spring on dwayne -- the man crash around the room -- Booth struggle for the gun -- wham ! wham ! Booth crack dwayne 's hand against the dresser but he refuse to let go of the gun -- Sally stumble to she foot , head toward the man -- sally stop ! stop !!! the two man whirl around - dwayne fire -- blam !!! the bullet rip into Sally 's chest and she slam into the wall -- Booth smashes dwayne 's arm against the wall -- he drop the gun and it rattles across the ground into the live room -- int trailer live room -- day Booth and dwayne begin to fight ferociously , fist fly -- they scramble for the gun . it go skitter down further across the floor -- dwayne pound Booth in the face , slamming he back into the bedroom area of the trailer -- dwayne head for the gun -- int trailer bedroom -- day Booth shake it off , be about to follow , when he look toward the nightstand . open it . his revolver be there -- int trailer live room -- day dwayne reach for the gun , check the load . he stand up , satisfied , bring it around , and -- blam ! a bullet rip through dwayne 's forehead -- he fall back and he head hit the ground -- Booth hold the smoking gun -- int . earl' car -- day Earl reach across the seat , for the glove compartment . open it . no weapon . blam ! a bullet whizze through the headrest where Earl 's head would have be . he come back up , but only then see the turnoff for Booth 's trailer . too late . he whip the wheel around , and -- -- Earl lose control of the car . ext roadway -- day Earl skid , brake sharply into the dust at the side of the road . a billow cloud of dust follow behind he . int jesse's car -- day wallace follow close behind , into the cloud , when -- wallace's Pov of Earl 's car directly in front of he ! wallace jerk the wheel around in the nick of time , skitter , sparking along the side of Earl 's car -- ext highway -- day -- and into the AIR , off the embankment at the side of the road . wallace be airborne , plummete down , hood first , into the small gorge . his car explode in a huge ball of flame . int earl' car -- day Earl see this , grimace , and put the car back into gear , turn off the road toward Booth 's trailer . the dust rise behind he as he drive up toward Booth , and the money . int trailer bedroom -- day Booth stagger into the room , drop the gun , horrify by the scene -- he move over to Sally -- booth Sally ! oh my God , oh my God -- Sally wheeze , in the throes of death , bleed profusely -- Booth cradle she firmly -- booth do not die on I , do not die on I , do not die on I -- she try to speak , but can not . she 's go . int trailer live room -- day Earl open the door -- dwayne stare up at he , he head rest in a pool of blood . Earl bite he lip . he see dwayne 's gun on the floor , then hear Booth 's cry of anguish . he head toward the bedroom , toward the sound . int trailer bedroom -- day Booth cradle Sally , whose shirt be soak in blood -- earl oh Jesus ... booth ( inconsolable ) he kill she ... he kill she ... earl what happen ? what 's Earl do here ? booth he find we , he shot she ... he kill she ... earl Booth , listen to I ... Booth ! booth he kill she ... Earl go over to Booth - earl we get to get out of here . do you understand ? we get to get out of here right now ! booth no . it stop now . it stop here . earl what do you mean ? ( beat ) look . we can make still make it work . Earl pause , he mind racing . booth dwayne 's dead . earl I know , I know . dwayne 's dead , but we can deal with it . ( think ) we will pin it on he . ( think faster ) the dea be drive jesse 's car . no car phone . no radio . they could not have call I in . he pick up Booth 's gun with a finger . hold it out to Booth . earl it will look like dwayne kill they , then come to kill you , too . self - defense . Sally just get catch up in it . Booth refuse to take the gun . Earl drop it to the floor instead . booth what be you talk about ? earl dwayne have the opportunity , just like we . he be at the scene . he grab the cash . of course . ( excited ) this be perfect ! Booth suddenly stand , grab Earl 's shoulder . booth be you nut ? Sally 's dead ! dwayne 's dead . jesse 's dead ! there 's no walk away from this ! it be over ! do you hear I ? Earl be not faze . earl we will need the money . and with that , Earl be out of the door , head down the hallway . Booth wait a beat , look down to the floor , grab up he gun . he follow Earl . int trailer live room -- day Earl grab the shovel on the way , look up at the burial site on the hill above . Booth be right behind . Pov of the burial site , from down below . booth it 's too late ... earl it 's not too late ! booth yes it be . I be call it in . right now . Booth pick up the phone with he free hand . this stop Earl . he turn around . Booth be point the gun at he . booth we have be make the wrong move all along . it 's time to make the right one . Earl reply , gesture out the window , toward the hill where the money lie . earl you be the one who 's nut ! there 's no one leave to touch we , Booth . we be home free ! we just plant a little of the money on dwayne , and it 's all ours . booth it 's not about the money anymore . can not you see that ? it 's about the lie . the lie , Earl . earl just one more . this one knock off all the rest . booth I can not . I can not go on . I can not keep lie ... kill . that 's not I . that 's not US . Booth stand he ground . earl you gonna shoot I , partner ? be that what you be gonna do ? Booth consider for a moment . drop he gun to he side , then toss it onto the couch . booth no. ( beat ) no , I be not . the kill stop here . Earl turn to look up the hill , as Booth continue . booth you do what you gotta do , Earl . you take it all if you want . but I be go in . Earl turn to look at he partner for a long beat . he turn he head again . look up the hill , to where the money lie . earl that will bring I down , too . eventually . you gotta know that . booth uh huh . earl and you be solid on that ? booth rock solid . then Earl pick up dwayne 's gun in one quick motion , and point it at Booth . Booth do not flinch . Booth look Earl straight in the eye . almost nod . Earl can not do it . he look at he partner , grit he tooth . he begin to put the gun down , then -- blam !!! a bullet blast through Booth 's chest -- he fly back -- blam !!! another one send he to the ground -- blam !!! Earl finish Booth off with a shot to the head -- Earl wipe off the gun , almost cry now . he place it in dwayne 's hand -- Earl survey the carnage around the room for a beat . hang he head . ext trailer home -- day Earl trudge up the hill , toward the money . ext highway -- day a highway patrol car be next to the smoking wreck of jesse 's car . the officer look down on the scene . Martin approach in she car . she run over , flash she i.d . martin be he alive ? officer no , mar 'am . she look down to the tire track , which pull off the road and up toward Booth 's trailer . martin Officer , follow I . ext burial site -- day Earl begin to dig - ext dirt road -- day Martin 's car head up the road , the highway patrol car right behind . ext burial site -- day Earl dig frantically -- something be wrong . he see the cloud of dust down below , and the car approach . he dig faster . ext trailer home -- day Martin 's car stop , park next to Earl 's . she be about to head inside , when she look up the hill , to where a lone figure be stand , bent over . martin stay here , with you gun train on that door , until backup arrive . and she head up the hill . ext burial site -- day Earl be look into the hole , puzzle . he reach into the hole , pull something out . ext hillside -- day Martin pull out she weapon , cautious -- suddenly - blam !!! a single shot pierce the air -- Martin look around , down at the officer , then back up at the burial site . ext burial site -- day Earl fall to the ground , a single bullet wound in he forehead . a smoking gun rest in one hand , a note rest in the other . in a few second , Martin run up to the site -- the note blow out of Earl 's hand -- Martin inspect the scene , bewilder -- as she pick up the note , the camera begin a long pull - back and climb . we move up , over the scene , higher still , past the car , high above the desert floor , panning as we hear Booth 's voice . booth ( v.o. ) I know you be gonna kill I for this , partner , but you debt be pretty big , and this money be a real temptation . it 's not that I do not trust you . I just know how tough thing have be for you recently , and I will keep help out all I can . I bury the money somewhere else , and as soon as this blow over , you and I will go dig it up together . hope you be not too mad . you be my partner , come hell or high water , and I be only do this for the both of we . fade out . the end