" god and monster " screenplay by Bill condon base on the novel " Father of frankenstein " by Christopher bram May 30 , 1997 shoot draft note : the hard copy of this script contained scene number and some " scene omitted " slug . they have be removed for this soft copy . fade in : MAIN title begin writhing pool of light and dark , out of which emerge image from " the bride of frankenstein , " direct by James whale . elsa lanchester , as the monster 's bride , look up , down , leave , right , startle to be alive . the monster stare at she . " friend ? " he ask , tenderly , desperately . ext . countryside - night ( B &amp ; W ) lightn split the black - and - white sky , revealing a single shattered oak in a desolate landscape . below , a human silhouette stumble through the darkness , the top of he head flat , he arm long and heavy , he boot weight with mud . suddenly the storm fade . Light creep into the scene , and color , as we dissolve to : the pacific ocean melting into a hazy morning sky . in a box canyon off the coast highway , we see row after neat row of trailer home , a makeshift village for beach bum . int . trailer - day clayton boone open he eye . he be 26 , handsome in a rough-hewn , Chet Baker -like way , with broad shoulder and a flattop haircut . he grab a crumpled pack of lucky strike , light a bent cigarette . clay stand and walk bare - ass across the single tin room , he head almost touch the ceiling . ext . trailer park - day clay go a few round with a weatherstain speed bag that 's set up behind he trailer . int . trailer - day clay towel off , glance at the morning paper . he move aside a pile of paperback on a card table until he find a calendar . his finger target today 's first appointment . " 10 a.m. - 788 amalfi drive . " ext . trailer park - day clay step out of the trailer , clean -shaven and dress in dungaree , a T-shirt with a fresh pack of cigarettes flip into one sleeve . he weight -lift a secondhand mower onto the bed of he rusty pick -up . clay climb into the truck , slide the key into the ignition . it take a few try but the engine finally turn over . ext . pacific coast highway - day clay 's truck sail down the road , " hound Dog " blaring on the radio . MAIN title end . ext . colonial -style house - day sprinkler twirl on a grassy slope outside a rambling clapboard house . below , a swim pool form a perfect rectangle of still water . a title read : santa monica canyon . 1957 . the pick - up drive past . clay park in the back , hop out . angle - house a shadowy figure stand at a window , watch clay unload he red power mower . int . house - live room - day the shadow be a man with dove white hair , wear a dress shirt and seersucker jacket . this be jame whale , age 67 . david I would have more peace of mind if the live - in nurse be still here . hanna she be nothing but bother . I not like she , Mr. Jimmy not like she . we do better if you live - in again , Mr. David . in the dining room , visible through open double door , david lewis , 55 , speak softly with the housekeeper , hanna . she be a squat , muffin-face hungarian woman in she late 5as , dress in black , she hair cinched in a tight bun . she speak with a thick accent . david you will contact I if there 's a emergency ? hanna yes , I call you at this number . ( call out ) Mr. Jimmy ? more coffee ? whale what ? oh yes . why not ? he move into the dining room , sit opposite David . whale be not hanna a peach ? hanna ignore he , return to the kitchen . david she tell I you have not be sleep well . whale it 's the ridiculous pill they prescribe . if I take they , I spend the next day stupid as a stone . if I do not , my mind seem to go off in a hundred direction at once -- david then take the pill . whale I want to be alert for you visit today . especially since I see so little of you in the hospital . the remark hit its target . david I be sorry , Jimmy . but with this movie and two difficult star -- whale " the fault , dear David , be not in ourselves but in we star . " david ( too anxious to laugh ) you remember how a production eat up one 's life . whale oh , David . there 's no pleasure in make you feel guilty . ( stand ) you better go , my boy . you will be late for that aeroplane . David extend he hand , but whale draw he into a hug . as he start out , David point to a frame painting . david by the way , I like the renoir . whale thank you . david ( call out ) Goodbye , hanna . hanna run out of the kitchen to escort David to the door . whale drift back to the window , watch as clay revs up the lawnmower , create a cloud of white smoke . we CUT to : ext . street of dudley - day ( 1900 ) a bean - pole child with flame red hair ( whale at age 12 ) stare up at the coal smoke pour from a seemingly endless row of chimney . we be in Dudley , a factory town in the English midland region know as the Black country . sarah whale ( o.s. ) stop lag behind , Jimmy . we will be late for church . young whale yes , mum . whale run to catch up to he six brother and sister . his father , william whale , frown at the boy 's prissy trot . william whale straighten up , son . Young whale 's movement thicken into a dim imitation of manly reserve . the whale family march up a steeply mount street to dixon 's Green Methodist Church . int . whale house - live room - day whale 's eye tighten . he focus on clay boone as he peel off he T-shirt , revealing a tattoo on he upper right forearm . whale hanna ? who 's the new yardman ? hanna bone ? boom ? something bee . I hire he while you be in the hospital . he come cheap . whale nod , choose a walk stick . he emerge into the sunlight . ext . whale house - day whale move jauntily onto the front lawn , sing to himself : whale the bell of hell go ting - a- ling for you but not for I . oh death where be thy sting - a-ling ? grave where thy victory ? whale step up next to clay . whale good morning . clay ( not look up ) mornin ' . whale my name be whale . this be my house . clay Nice place . whale and you name be --? clay boone . Clayton boone . whale I could not help but notice you tattoo . that phrase ? death before dishonor . what do it mean ? clay just that I be in the Marines . whale the Marines . good for you . you must have serve in Korea . clay shrug nonchalantly . whale get to be a warm day . a scorcher , as you yank call it . clay yeah . I better get on with my work . whale clear he throat behind the back of he hand . whale when you be through , Mr. boone , feel free to make use of the pool . we be quite informal here . you do not have to worry about a suit . clay glance warily at whale . clay no thanks . I get another job to get to this afternoon . whale hold clay 's look . whale some other time , perhaps ? keep up the fine work . whale head off , smile to himself . please to be naughty again . int . whale house - studio - day the room be fill with unframe canvass , many of they copy of painting by the Old Masters . whale roll out the easel , lift a half - paint canvas into position . he stare at the blotches of color , try to remember what he intend to paint . whale pull out a heavy volume on rembrandt , open to a black - and - white plate of " the Polish Rider . " we CUT to : int . whale house - dudley - night ( 1908 ) a rough pencil outline of the same painting . whale , age 16 , sit on he bed , ignore the roughhouse of the three young brother who share the room . the door open and whale 's mother sarah enter . sarah whale Jimmy . the privy need clean . whale I have my class tonight . both have midland accent , like head cold that flatten they speech . whale hold up the sketch to show he mother . sarah whale do not get above yarself , Jimmy . leave the drawr to the artist . whale squeeze the pad behind the bed , jump up . whale quite so , mum . to the privy . and he head cheerfully out of the room . his mother shake she head . sarah whale " quite so . " ( call out ) Jimmy whale . who be ya to put on air ? but whale be already out the door . we CUT to : int . whale house - bedroom - day whale study he face in the mirror . he give he white hair a few final lick with he silver - back brush . int . whale house - kitchen - day whale come in from the bedroom . whale there be iced tea , hanna ? Cucumber sandwich ? hanna yes , Mr. Jimmy . ( smile ) a interview . after so many year . very exciting . whale do not be daft . it 's just a student from the university . the doorbell ring . int . whale house - live room - day whale settles into he club chair and open a book , pretend to read until hanna usher in the visitor . hanna Mr. Kay , sir . whale ( feign surprise ) yes ? whale look up at edmund kay , 22 , a slim boy who rest he weight on one slouched hip , he arm twine behind he . there be a look of mild disappointment on whale 's face as he realize that Kay be a baby poof . whale ah , Mr. Kay . I would almost forget . my guest for tea . whale stand and hold out he hand . kay Mr. whale , this be such a honor . you be one of my favorite all - time director . I can not believe I be meeting you . whale ( gently , teasing ) no . I expect you can not . kay and this be you house . wow . the house of frankenstein . ( look around ) I think you would live in a spooky old mansion or villa . whale one like to live simply . kay I know . people 's movie be not they life . he suddenly growl out a imitation of boris karloff . kay Love dead . hate live . Kay laugh , a high , girlish giggle . whale fight a cringe with a polite smile . kay that 's my favorite line in my favorite movie of yours . " bride of frankenstein . " whale be it now ? hanna ? I think we will take we tea down by the swim pool . it 's clear from hanna 's frown that she do not approve of the idea . whale ignore she , turn back to Kay . whale will that be good for you , Mr. Kay ? kay sure . whale ( open the back door ) after you then . whale inspect the boy from behind , notice he wide hip and plumpish posterior . ext . whale house - backyard - day Kay 's hand flap animatedly as whale lead he down to the pool . kay I love the great horror film . and yours be the best . " the Old Dark House . " " the invisible man . " they look great and have style . and funny ! whale point to a small shingle house near the pool . whale this be the studio where I paint . kay Nice . ( refuse to be sidetracked ) and you lighting and camera angle . you be get to go back to german silent movie to find anything like it . ext . whale house - upper patio - day clay boone gulp some water from the garden hose . he glance down at the pool , where Kay and whale sit in cast- iron chair . hanna time for you to leave . clay turn to hanna , who hold a tray load with finger sandwich and a pitcher of iced tea . clay I be on my way . she do not move until clay start off . ext . whale house - poolside - day Kay flip open he steno pad . whale so , Mr. Kay ? what do you want to know ? kay everything . start at the beginning . whale I be bear outside London , the only son of a minister who be a master at harrow . grandfather be a bishop . Church of ... Church of eng ... whale 's tongue trip on the word , he voice suddenly drown out by the blast of a factory whistle . we CUT to : int . factory shop floor - dudley - day ( 1908 ) fiery melt be pour into mold on the shop floor of a machine part factory . whale , 16 , grip the hot casting with tong . his father william , he face blacken with grime , hammer away at the flaw . a heavy blow cause young whale to drop the mold , prompt catcall and sneer on the floor . there be a look of genuine fear in whale 's eye as he look up at he singe , beast - like father . we CUT to : ext . whale house - backyard - day Kay clear he throat softly . kay Mr. whale ? whale smile politely to cover he momentary disorientation . whale yes ? kay you father be a schoolmaster ? whale of course . I attend eton -- it would not do for a master 's son to attend where he father teach . I be to go up to Oxford but the war break out and I never make it . the great War , you know . you have a good War , but we have a great one . he glance to see if the boy smile at the quip . whale you can not imagine what life be like after the armistice . the twenty in London be one long bank holiday , a break from everything dour and respectable . I have a knack with pencil and paper , so I be hire to design set for stage production . hanna come down the path with the tray . she place it on the table . whale thank you , hanna . very nice . hanna remain plant next to the table . whale you can go now . she make a audible sigh and start back up the hill . whale there be one play in particular , a beautiful , grim study of war call " journey 's end " . every experience director turn it down , so I offer myself , bully and begging for the job . " journey 's end " make the career of everyone associate with it . it be only a matter of time until Hollywood beckone . kay how much longer before we get to " frankenstein " ? whale be I correct in assume , Mr. Kay , that it 's not I you be interested in , only my horror picture ? kay oh no , I want to hear everything . you make twenty picture in all -- whale twenty -one . the romantic comedy and drama be much more to my like . the horror picture be trifle . Grand guignol for the mass . kay but it 's the horror movie you will be remember for . a abrupt look of anger flash across whale 's face . whale I be not dead yet , Mr. Kay . kay no . I never say you be . or will be soon . Kay lean over the steno pad , determine to be more worthy . kay so. " journey 's end " bring you to Hollywood -- whale take in the boy 's blank , bored expression . he sigh . whale I have a proposal , Mr. Kay . this mode of question be get old , do not you think ? kay I do not mind . whale let 's make it more interesting . I will answer any question you ask . but , for each answer , you must remove one article of clothing . Kay 's mouth pop open . kay that 's funny , Mr. whale . whale it be , be not it ? my life as a game of strip poker . shall we play ? kay you be serious . whale quite . kay then the rumor be true ? whale what rumor might that be ? kay that you be force to retire because , uh -- a sex scandal . whale a homosexual scandal , you mean ? for I to answer a question of that magnitude , you will have to remove both you shoe and you sock . Kay just sit there , squinting and grin . kay you be a dirty old man . whale tilt he head as if brush off a compliment . Kay kick off he penny loafer , bend over to remove he sock . whale you be kind to indulge you elder in they vice . as I indulge the young in theirs . two pale foot emerge . whale lean forward to examine they . he lean back again . whale no . there be no scandal . and he reach into he coat for a cigar . whale 's hand tremble as he slice a hole at the base , then light the cigar with a wooden match , suck and rotate until the tip be roundly light . whale my only other vice . I suppose you would like a fuller answer to you question . Kay nod . whale it will cost you you sweater . Kay hesitates a moment , then set he pen aside to pull the sweater over he head , revealing a sleeveless T-shirt . kay too warm for a sweater , anyway . whale you must understand how Hollywood be twenty year ago . nobody care a tinker 's cuss who sleep with whom , so long as you keep it out of the papers . outside of Hollywood , who know who George cukor be , much less what he do with that boy from the malt shop along Santa monica ? Kay stare at he in disbelief . kay George cukor ? who make " a Star be bear " ? I never guess . whale take off you vest and I will tell you a story . Kay pluck at he T-shirt , glance toward the house . whale do not be shy . there 's time to stop before you go too far . kay I guess . Kay peel off the shirt and toss it on he shoe and sweater . whale George be famous for he Saturday dinner party . great artist , writer , society folk , all rub elbow with Hollywood royalty . but how many of that oh-so- proper people know about the Sunday brunch that follow ? gathering of trade eat leftover , follow by some strenuous fun and frolic in the pool . ( flick a ash ) if a goat like that can continue about he business , my more domestic arrangement could have raise very few eyebrow . the revelation seem to have leave Kay a little shake . he flip to a blank page . kay can we talk about the horror movie now ? whale certainly , Mr. Kay . be there anything in particular you want to know ? kay will you tell I everything you remember about make " frankenstein " ? he glance down at he few remain article of clothing . kay can that count as one question ? whale of course . kay I can not believe I be do this . Kay stand to unbuckle he belt , glance around the yard again . he unzip and step out of he sharply crease flannel leg . his thigh be thin and pale . kay just like go swim , be not it ? whale maybe you would like a swim when we be through . I never swim myself , so the pool tend to go to waste . kay okay . " frankenstein . " tell I everything . whale righto . let I see . whale swallow a wince , try to block the pain push against he skull . whale universal want I for another story , and want I so baldly -- I mean badly , not baldly . I be give the pick of storey be develop , and I pick that one . kay who come up with the monster 's makeup and look ? whale my idea . muchly . my sketches . Big heavy brow . head flat on top so they could take out the old brain and put in the new , like tin beef . kay he 's one of the great image of the twentieth century . as important as the mona Lisa . whale you think so ? that 's very kind -- whale clutches at the air , suddenly notice that he hand be empty . he look down and see the cigar on the flagstone . kay boris karloff . where do you find he ? whale bend down to retrieve he cigar -- and the change of gravity drive a spike through he skull . kay karloff , Mr. whale . how do you cast he ? whale turn toward the froggy voice . whale please . Excuse I . I must go lie -- he force himself up with one hand . Kay finally look up , notice whale 's colorless lip and desperate eye . kay Mr. whale ? be you all right ? whale I just need to -- lie down . Studio . daybe in studio . whale lurch from the table . Kay jump forward , catch he under a arm . kay oh my God . what 's wrong , Mr. whale ? be it you heart ? whale head . not heart . he lean against Kay , who lead he toward the studio . whale forgive I . ext . whale house - day hanna run down the path , clutching the front of she apron in two tight fist . int . whale house - studio - day hanna swing open the screen door -- and grimace when she see Kay in he bvd . he be kneel next to whale , who be stretch out on the day . hanna Water . glass at the sink . she go to whale , scoop different bottle from the pocket of she apron . hanna which one ? I bring they all . whale luminal . she empty a pill into she palm . whale place it into he mouth and take the glass of Water Kay pass over hanna 's shoulder . whale swallow the pill , then glance up at Kay , feign surprise . whale Mr. Kay . you be not dress . Kay frantically cross he arm over he chest and middle , turn to hanna . kay I be go to take a swim . whale I be sorry I spoiled it for you . you should probably go home . kay right . Kay hurry outside to retrieve he clothes . hanna undoe whale 's bow tie . she make no attempt to be gentle . whale you must think I be terrible , hanna . hanna I do not think you anything anymore . just back from the hospital and already you be chase after boy . whale oh shut up . all we do be talk . my attack have nothing to do with he . hanna perhaps we should get you uphill before the pill knock you cold . whale no . let I lie here . thank you . hanna nod , move to the door . whale close he eye , breathes deeply , try to block the throbbing SOUND in he brain . we CUT to : int . factory shop floor - dudley - day ( 1908 ) the noise be deafen -- the clank of chain , the screech of wheel and the endless bang of hammer . William whale continue to knock away at the hot casting . the rhythmic sound blend into the insistent knock of : a fist which smashes against sheet metal . int . clay's trailer - day clay boone 's eye dart open . dwight ( o.s. ) boone ! you awake ? eight o'clock . clay fuck off ! dwight ( o.s. ) you tell I to get you up , asshole . a baseball - cap head be visible through the louver glass in the trailer 's door . dwight joad , 30 , clay 's neighbor , squint to see inside . clay I be up . thanks . dwight hasta la vista , boone . and give the jail bait a squeeze for I . clay glance over , seem surprised to see a naked back face he on the bare mattress . clay hey , um ... Rose -- the girl stir , turn to face he . she be 18 at most . daisy Daisy . clay huh ? daisy my name be Daisy . clay time to go , Daisy . she press she naked body against clay 's . daisy you know . I could help you fix up this place real nice . clay take a deep breath , try to clear the gumminess from he brain . clay do not you have to be somewhere ? like high school maybe . daisy I give it up for lent . Daisy smile at she own joke . clay frown . clay right. ( jump up from the bed ) time to hit the road , kid . int . whale house - studio - day whale ponder the half - paint canvas , clearly distress by he lack of progress . the stillness be puncture by the sound of clay 's lawnmower be drag up the brick step . whale smile , put down he brush . ext . whale house - backyard - day clay stop , turn around , feel someone 's eye watch he . whale ( o.s. ) ( sing ) the bell of hell go ting - a-ling ... the mower slip out of clay 's hand momentarily . he look around , spot whale inside the studio . whale everything alright , Mr. boone ? clay just get away from I . sorry to disturb you . the screen door squeak open , clatter shut . a leather slipper and rubber- tip cane appear . whale stroll into view , smile . whale I be just about to ask hanna to bring down iced tea . I would like it very much if you would join I . clay I stink to high heaven right now . whale the honest sweat of one 's brow . I assure you I will not be offended . let I tell hanna to bring tea for two . whale 's cane tremble in he skeletal hand . his frailty chip away at clay 's resolve . whale or would you prefer a beer ? clay no. iced tea 's fine . whale splendid . clay hose the crumb of grass off he arm . he dry he hand and arm with he hat , then wad it up and stuff it into he shirt to wipe out he armpit . int . whale house - studio - day clay stand at the screen door . whale come in , Mr. boone . whale sit on a day , next to a pile of newspaper . he gesture at a wooden armchair across from he . whale my workshop , my studio . hardly somewhere in which a sweaty workman should feel out of place . clay glance at the unframe canvase on the wall and stack in the corner . clay this be you painting ? whale what ? oh yes . clay Excuse I , but -- be you famous ? whale you know what they say . if you have to ask -- clay I be just a hick who cut lawn . but some of this look familiar . whale they be familiar when I paint they . that one 's copy from a dutch still life do almost three hundred year ago . and that 's a rembrandt . clay they be just copy then . gotcha . whale but before I retire , you might say I have a brief time in the sun . Fame , as it be . tell I , do you like motion picture ? clay sure , everybody do . when I be a kid I would go with my sister twice a week . why ? be you a actor or something ? whale in my youth , yes , but never in Hollywood . no , I be merely a director here . clay yeah ? what be some of you movie ? whale this and that . the only one you maybe have hear of be the " frankenstein " picture . clay really ? clay sit up , surprised , skeptical and impressed all at once . clay " frankenstein " and " bride of " and " Son of " and all the rest ? whale I make only the first two . the other be do by hack . clay still . you must be rich . make a couple of famous movie like that . whale merely comfortable . here 's hanna with we refreshment . can you get the door ? clay jump up to open the screen door . hanna walk past , refuse to look at he . she set the tray on a table very hard , ringing the glass and silverware . hanna how be you feel , Mr. Jimmy ? how be you mind today ? whale my mind 's lovely . and yours ? hanna flare she nostril at he . hanna you remember what the doctor tell we . whale yes , yes , yes . I merely invite Mr. boone in for a glass of tea . we will have a brief chat and he will finish the yard . hanna I be not forget you last brief chat . whale just go . we can manage without you . hanna stare up at clay . hanna he look plenty big . you will not need my help if anything go flooey . whale go. she shake she head and march out the door . clay return to he chair and sit down again . whale when they stay in you employ too long , servant begin to think they be marry to you . ( smile at clay ) please , Mr. boone . help yourself . clay what do she mean by go flooey ? whale I return recently from a stay in hospital . clay what be wrong ? whale nothing serious . a touch of stroke . clay nod , chug he tea . when he lower the glass , he find the old man watch he . whale you must excuse I for stare , Mr. boone . but you have a marvelous head . clay huh ? whale to a artistic eye , you understand . have you ever model ? clay you mean , like pose for picture ? whale Sat for a artist . be sketch . clay ( with a laugh ) what 's to sketch ? whale you have the most architectural skull . and you nose . very expressive . clay break be more like it . whale but expressively break . how do it happen ? clay football in college . whale you go to university ? clay just a year . I drop out to join the Marines . whale yes . you be a Marine . whale 's gaze deepen . he laugh lightly . whale I apologize for go on like this . it 's the Sunday painter in I . of course I can understand you refusal . it 's a great deal to ask of someone . clay you mean -- you really want to draw I ? whale indeed . I would pay for the privilege of draw you head . clay but why ? whale even a amateur artist need a subject to inspire he . clay and it 's just my head you want ? nothing else ? whale what be you suggest ? you will charge extra if I include a hand or a bit of shoulder . clay you do not want to draw picture of I in my birthday suit , right ? whale I have no interest in you body , Mr. boone . I can assure you of that . clay take a moment to size up whale -- whose innocent , slightly befuddle smile make he appear about as threaten as a box of cornflake . clay all right then . sure . I could use the extra dough . whale excellent . we will have a most interesting time . whale lift he glass , take a small sip of tea . ext . whale house - day clay fetch a pair of hedge clipper from he truck . he can not help stop by the side- view mirror to look at he face . int . examination room - day doctor and technician flash light into whale 's eye ... test he reflex ... inject he with radioactive isotope . whale sit very still with he head behind a fluoroscope screen while two doctor murmur over the image . int . doctor' office - day a pair of X ray be slap wet on a light board . two skull , one face forward , the other in profile . dr . payne , a bland young neurologist , point to a smudge in the side- view X ray . dr . payne this be the area of infarction . by which we mean the portion of brain affect by the stroke . the venetian blind of the examine room be close . whale sit calmly , flannel leg cross at the knee , gaze at he own skull . dr . payne you be a lucky man , Mr. whale . whatever damage be do by you stroke , it leave you motor ability relatively unimpaire . whale yes , yes , Dr. Payne . but from the neck up ? what 's my story there ? dr . payne that 's what I be try to explain . Payne turn off the light board and go to the venetian blind . the room be instantly full of sun . dr . payne the central nervous system select item from a constant storm of sensation . whatever be kill in you stroke appear to have short - circuite this mechanism . part of you brain now seem to be fire at random . whale you be say there 's a electrical storm in my head ? dr . payne that 's as good a way as any to describe it . I have see far worse case . you might even learn to enjoy this walk down memory lane . whale but the rest of it ? the kill headache . the phantom smell . my inability to close my eye without think a hundred thing at once . it 's all nothing more than bad electricity ? dr . payne in a manner of speak . I have never encounter the olfactory hallucination , but I be sure they be related . whale so what do I do ? dr . payne take the luminal to sleep , or whenever you feel a attack come on . whale you seem to be say that this be not just a case of rest until I be better . that my condition will continue to deteriorate until the end of my life . the doctor respond with a sympathetic gaze . whale nod solemnly . int . hallway - day whale make he way toward the stair . he pass a stoop - shoulder elderly woman who lean on the arm of she middle - age daughter . then a old man in a wheelchair , he eye brim with bewilderment and despair . int . whale house - foyer - day hanna open the door . clay wear dungaree and a white dress shirt . clay do not worry , you already pay I . I be here because -- hanna the master be wait for you . she gesture he in , shut the door . int . whale house - kitchen - day clay follow hanna into the kitchen . hanna he 's down in he studio . here . take this with you . she thrust a tv tray toward he . two glass , two bottle of beer , a bottle of Coke . clay it 's you job , lady , not mine . ( hand back the tray ) I be here so he can draw my picture . hanna I be keep away . what you be do be no business of mine . clay what be you talk about ? hanna what kind of man be you ? be you a good man ? clay yeah , I be a good man . something make you think I be not ? hanna you will not hurt he ? clay gimme a break . I be go to sit on my ass while he draw picture . be that go to hurt he ? hanna no. no. ( close she eye ) I be sorry . forget everything I say . here . I will take the tray . clay you do that . int . whale house - studio - day clay open the squeaking door and enter behind hanna . whale stand at a draft table , sharpen a pencil . hanna set the tray down . whale very good , hanna . now goodbye . she go toward the door , wrinkling she forehead at clay . the screen door bang shut . whale I be sure you would like something to wet you whistle while I work . whale open a bottle of beer , pour it into a glass , hand it to clay . he gesture to a chair . whale we will go slowly today . since this be you first time as a model . clay sit . he pull a " tv guide " out of he back pocket . clay do you see this ? they be show one of you movie tomorrow night . whale you do not say ? which picture ? clay " bride of frankenstein . " whale hmmm . I much prefer " show Boat " or " the invisible man . " shall we begin ? clay take a swig of beer and set the glass on the floor . clay ready when you be . whale stare at clay . whale that shirt , Mr. boone . clay it 's new . whale I be sorry . it 's too white , too distracting . would it be ask too much for you to take it off ? clay I be not wear a undershirt . whale pish posh , Mr. boone . I be not you aunt tilly . clay but it 's just my face you want to draw . whale oh if it 's go to make you uncomfortable ... ( sigh ) perhaps we can find something else for you to wear . he lift a drop cloth off a footlocker , revealing a stack of " physique " magazine . whale casually cover they with a newspaper . whale we could wrap this like a toga around you shoulder . would that help you overcome you schoolgirl shyness ? clay all right already . I will take it off . kind of warm in here anyway . he unbutton the shirt and pull it off . whale yes . much better . ( step forward ) here . clay adjust he belt buckle as whale hang the shirt on a wall peg . he move back to the easel again . whale I think we will have you sit slightly sideways , so you can rest one arm on the back of the chair . yes . just so . the arm with the tattoo face the easel . clay smirk . clay take a picture , it last longer . whale that 's exactly what I intend to do . a clatter of pencil in the easel 's tray , follow by a moment of silence . finally , a low , whistly scratch . clay concentrate on keep still , focus on a open window . whale you seem to have no idea how handsome you be , Mr. boone . it have to do with how snugly you face fit you skull . clay wipe a thin line of sweat from he waist . whale would you be more comfortable barefoot ? feel free to remove you boot and sock . clay no. I be fine . whale it 's a bit like be at the doctor , be not it ? you have to remain perfectly still while I examine and scrutinize you . whale suddenly sniff , as if smell something . he sniff several time more but continue to draw . whale ( to himself ) dripping ? ( to clay ) do you ever eat drip in this country ? the fat from roast and such , congeal in jar . use like butter on bread . clay sound like something you feed the dog . whale it be . only the poorest family ever eat it . we keep ours in a crockery jar . clay you family eat drip ? whale ( catch himself ) of course not . as I say , only poor people -- whale stop . he let out a bitter laugh . whale I be sorry . I have just realize how terribly ironic it all be . clay what ? whale I have spend most of my life outrun my past . now it 's flooding all over I . clay stare out blankly . whale there 's something about the openness of you face that make I want to speak the truth . yes , my family eat drip . beef drip and four to a bed , and a privy out back in the alley . be you also from the slum , Mr. boone ? clay we be not rich . but we be not poor either . whale no , you be middle class , like all Americans . clay I guess you would say we live on the wrong side of the track . whale in Dudley there be more side of the track than any american can imagine . every englishman know he place . and if you forget , there 's always someone to remind you . my family have no doubt about who they be . but I be a aberration in that household a freak of nature . I have imagination , cleverness , joy . where do I get that ? certainly not from they . whale 's voice have change , become more pinch and nasal . whale they take I out of school when I be fourteen and put I in a factory . they mean no harm . they be like a family of farmer who have be give a giraffe , and do not know what to do with the creature except harness he to the plow . whale seem completely lose in the past by now . whale hatred be the only thing that keep my soul alive in that soul- kill place . and among that man I hate be my own poor , dumb father . who put I in that hell to begin with . whale peer out from behind the square of paper . he pale when he see he father William , he face cover with grime , glaring at he from across the room . whale retreat behind the pad , take a breath . clay ( o.s. ) Mr. whale ? relief flood whale 's face . he look out , smile at clay . whale you have to excuse I , Mr. boone . since my stroke , I be often overcome with nostalgia . clay I do not mind . I be not crazy about my old man either . whale rub a hand across he eye and step into the open . whale why do not we break for five minute ? you probably want to stretch you leg . whale pull the cover sheet over the pad to hide what he 's draw so far . dwight ( v.o. ) so you just sit there while this old limey bang he gum ? int . harry beachcomber - night the place be dead . there 's only clay and dwight sit at the bar with the owner , harry , a bald hep cat with a scraggly tuft of beard . and , in a booth , kid saylor , a cocky 20 - year-old , neck with a pony - tail teenager . clay I like it . you learn stuff listen to old - timer . dwight ( to Harry ) you ever hear of this whale fellow ? harry can not say that I have . can not say I have hear of a lot of people though . clay if you do not believe I , let 's watch this movie . see if he name 's on it . how about it , Harry ? can I watch my damn movie ? harry I tell you . I do not turn on the tv except for the fight . betty cartwright appear behind the bar , lug a bucket of ice from the storeroom . she 's a attractive woman in she early 30 , big -bon and almost as tall as clay . betty a spooky movie . just what this place need tonight . dwight could not make it any deader , doll . set I up . betty sure . you friend want one ? clay react to the silent treatment with a tight smile . dwight yeah , one for what 's - he - name here . she set down two bottle of pabst without look at clay . clay thanks , doll . betty ( to Harry ) I say let loverboy watch he movie . and be grateful boone 's not cut shirley Temple 's lawn . clay why be everybody give I crap tonight ? dwight Jesus , boone . you come in here proud as a peacock because some old coot want to paint you picture . we be just bring you back to earth . betty sound screwy to I . I can not imagine a real artist want to spend time look at that kisser . clay this kisser be not so bad you could not lay under it a few time . dwight ooooh . Betty glare at clay , who realize he 's go too far . betty I bet this be just some fruit pretend to be famous . so he can get in the big guy 's pants . dwight ooooh . clay what make you say that ? betty just think out loud . clay yeah , well keep you filthy thought to yourself . betty all right , then . he 's interested in you for you conversation . we know what a great talker you be . clay fuck you . betty not anymore you do not . doll . clay ( explode ) we be watch the movie , Harry . you get that ! we be watch my fuck movie . harry calm down , clay . just calm down . we will watch it . clay good . Fine . Harry reach up , turn on a batter Motorola . on the tv , a voice announce : " tonight , boris karloff in ' the bride of frankenstein . ' " the title come on . ending with the phrase " directed by " , which float over a white blob . the blob jump forward to form letter : " James whale . " clay right there . what do I tell you ? James whale . the movie start . the monster be roast alive in the flame wreckage of a mill . betty this look corny . clay go wash glass if you do not like it . in a flood crater under the mill , the monster kill a old man . he climb up , flip the man 's wife into the pit below . a owl blink impassively . dwight not bad . two down and it 's just start . minnie , a hatchet - face woman with flutter ribbon , be now alone with the monster . int . whale house - live room - night whale and hanna be in bathrobe and slipper , and there be a glass of milk and a plate of cookie on whale 's tv tray . on the tv , minnie ( play by una o'connor ) squeak and whimper and scream . whale laugh . whale wonderful old una . gobbling like a old turkey hen . but hanna be not amused . she unclench she arm to close the bathrobe over she throat . hanna oh , that monster . how could you be work with he ? whale do not be silly , hanna . he 's a very proper actor . and the dullest fellow imaginable . minnie flee in a bowlegge jig up the hill . whale smile again . int . harry beachcomber - night on the tv , Dr. pretorius ( play by Ernest thesiger ) deliver a toast with inimitably ripe enunciation : " to a new world of god and monster ! " dwight and Harry and Betty all laugh . betty this old movie be such a hoot . they think they be be scary , but they be just funny . clay ( defensively ) maybe it 's suppose to be funny . betty funny be funny and scary be scary . you do not mix they . suddenly the tinny tv soundtrack be drown out by the voice of elvis presley . kid saylor bend over the jukebox , wag he denim butt and tapping a high - top sneaker . clay hey ! some of we be watch a movie ! saylor go ahead . free country . clay jump from he stool . saylor see he come , step aside . saylor you want I to turn it down ? clay slam the heel of he hand against saylor 's chest . the boy stagger backward . clay grab the corner of the jukebox and jerk it from the wall ; the needle scratch across the song . saylor hold up both hand in a nervous surrender . saylor hey , I do not know . it 's you favorite movie . sorry , okay ? clay return to the bar and upright the stool . saylor escort he girl to the door . harry you be like a dog with a bone over this movie , clay . clay I just want to watch it , okay ? on the tv , the blind man thanks God for send he a friend . int . whale house - live room - night hanna 's frown pop open . hanna he be not go to kill the old man ? whale no , hanna . my heart be not that black . in a crypt , the monster meet Dr. pretorius , who be have a midnight snack on top of a close coffin . " friend ? " the monster ask . " yes , I hope so , " answer pretorius , without bat a eyelash . he offer the monster a drink , then add : " have a cigar . they be my only weakness . " whale the cigar be my own brand . so that I could have the leftover . on the tv , the monster groan : " Love dead . hate live . " whale 's focus sharpen , prompt by the unexpected discussion of death . int . harry beachcomber - night the monster hold a skull in both hand and happily growl , " wiiife . " Betty , shudder , for real this time . harry sick stuff . Necrophilia . I wonder if they know how sick they be . clay the monster 's lonely and he want a friend , a girlfriend , somebody . what sick about that ? int . whale house - live room - night Dr. frankenstein and pretorius make they final preparation . frankenstein inquiry where the fresh heart come from . " there be always accidental death occur , " pretorius reply . " always . " once again , whale respond to the talk of death . int . harry beachcomber - night finally , the bride come to life . she look up , down , leave , right , uncertain who she be . the monster stare tenderly . " friend ? " he timidly touch she arm and she scream . betty all right ! you do not want he . the monster be heartbroken . nobody love he , not even he bride . int . whale house - live room - night the bride shriek again . hanna she be horrible . whale she be beautiful . the monster 's pain turn to anger . he tear through the lab , order frankenstein to escape with he wife . but he want pretorius and the bride to stay . " we belong dead . " whale react sharply to the line . the monster blow up the laboratory and the movie end . hanna shiver as she stand . hanna ugh . I be sorry , Mr. Jimmy , but you movie be not my teacup . still , I be glad there be a happy end . the bad people be dead and the good people live . she hit the button on the magnavox with the flat of she palm . int . harry beachcomber - night Betty turn off the Motorola . betty weird movie . weird , weird , weird . Harry stand up and stretch . clay remain seat . clay so what do you think ? betty weird . dwight I love it . I want a switch like that in my trailer , so I can blow we to kingdom come when thing do not go my way . he wobble when he climb off he stool . dwight damn but it 's get drunk in here . late too . the bride of dwight be go to bite my head off . he tilt toward the door . dwight you come , boone ? clay I think I will hang around . harry go home , clay . we be close up . clay I think I would give you a hand since I keep you open . he wait to see how Betty react . she shrug . Harry take he book and cash drawer to the back door . harry I be next door if you need I . he give clay one last look and go out to the breezeway and he apartment . clay you know what ? I think you guy be all jealous . betty ( laugh ) what 's to be jealous of ? clay I have get to know someone who 's famous . betty not so famous any of we have ever hear of he . clay if he be that famous , he probably would not give I the time of day . this way , he 's like my famous person . ( laugh at himself ) yeah , my own personal famous person . who treat I like I be somebody worth talk to . clay lean down to plug in the jukebox . clay you want to go for a swim ? she snap she mouth open and imitate the bride 's furious cat hiss . clay what 's that mean ? betty it mean it 's too cold to go swim . and I do not mean the water . clay I be not go to try anything . betty yeah , and I be never go to smoke another cigarette . he patiently wait by the door while Betty turn out the light . she walk briskly through the glow of the jukebox , wave clay outside with she hand . ext . harry beachcomber - night Betty pull the door shut and bend over to lock it . clay catch a glimpse of skin in the side slit of she shirttail . clay let 's go for a walk at least . walk and talk . I really feel like talk tonight . Betty 's eye blink in mock surprise . clay this old guy -- he 's the kind of person I expect to meet when I move out here . someone who 's do thing with he life . betty do you realize you be more interested in this old goober than you ever be in I ? clay it 's different . he 's a man . and by the way you have no business call he a homo . betty it never cross you mind ? clay he 's a artist . anyway , he 's too old to think about sex . betty all the old man I know think about nothing but sex . she open the door of she chevy . clay grab it with both hand to keep she from get in . clay c'mon . what 's eat you tonight ? Betty hesitates , then look he sharply in the eye . betty you pick up that girl right in front of I . clay hey , no string , right ? that 's what you always say . just good pal who have the hot for each other . betty it still hurt . a lot . clay I do not mean to ... betty no , I be actually kind of glad it happen . it make I wonder what the hell I be do with my life . letting you pull I into bed whenever the spirit move you . clay you like it too . betty sure . I love it . clay if you enjoy it , you should do it . betty you know , I just can not do that anymore . I still have time to get thing right . get marry again -- clay you mean we ? Betty burst out laugh . betty the look on you face ! you be not marriage material . you be not even boyfriend material . you be a kid . a big , fun , slightly irresponsible kid . clay I be not a kid . betty what be you then ? what will you be ten year from now ? still cut lawn ? still bang horny divorce in you trailer ? clay glare at she , he jaw work forward in anger . clay I like my life . I be a free man . betty sure you be free , for now at least . but how long before you be just alone ? pathetic and alone . clay 's anger jump from he jaw into he shoulder and arm . he grab the door handle . clay so you do not want to fuck . that 's what you be tell I ? betty be that all this conversation mean to you ? be I go to put out or not ? clay damn straight . I be sick of play game . Betty quickly get into the car . before she can pull the door shut , clay slam it on she , hard . her hand leap in front of she face , as if he would hit she . the look of fear in she eye startles clay out of he rage . clay Betty , look . this be come out all wrong -- she frantically turn the key in the ignition and the chevy pull out . betty from here on out , boone , you be just another tired old face on the other side of the bar . the car screech away . clay stumble across the highway . ext . trailer park - night clay come to the dump at the end of the canyon . he climb into it , kick at loose can . clay it 's all shit ! shit on by woman ! shit on by the Marines . shit on by the world ! fuck ! he shout the word at the cliff , for the raw , sudden violence of shouting . clay fuuuck ! a dog in the carport start to bark . the sound of clay 's pain echoe off the canyon as we CUT to : int . whale house - bedroom - night whale be sit up n bed when hanna knock . she enter with a tray load with bottle and vial . hanna you will take they all , Mr. Jimmy ? whale I will be fine , hanna . thank you . hanna good night . whale take the pill , one by one , until he come to the bottle of luminal . he open the pheno bottle to shake out a capsule and a dozen spill into he palm . he stare at they . int . whale house - bedroom - day hanna open the door , gasp when she see whale lie motionless on the bed . she spot the empty bottle of luminal . hanna oh no , Mr. Jimmy . hanna kneel next to the body . she make a sign on the Cross , launch into a frantic " hail Mary . " we CUT to : int . whale house - bedroom - night whale snort at the imagine scene . one by one , he return the capsule to they bottle , until a single pill remain . he place it on the table , then turn out the lamp and lie on he back in the dark , wait for sleep . the distant sound of laughter invade the darkness . whale sit up , strain to identify the voice . the bedroom wall opposite he melt away , revealing : int . special makeup trailer - universal studio - day ( 1935 ) elsa lanchester and boris karloff sit side by side in dentist chair , cloth around they neck , head tilt back . jack pierce , the makeup artist , be patting the hair draw over a cage on elsa 's head . he look up , see whale , and break into a conspiratorial grin . elsa 's eye be close ; she have not hear whale enter . elsa lanchester you do yet , love ? I be absolutely die for a fag . whale tiptoe in for a better look . karloff have a mouthpiece to help he breathe while the assistant add another coat of green size to the still incomplete makeup . boris karloff ( gurgle ) goo ' 'orn , 'ame . whale good morning . and a very good morning to you . elsa 's eye snap open . there be no mirror on the wall . elsa lanchester uh-oh . the way you look at I , James . what have you do this time ? whale bring a mirror . let the bride feast upon she visage . elsa lanchester boris ? do I look a fright ? karloff shrug , irk that she 's get all the attention . Jack pierce lift a large mirror . jack ( nasal New yorkese ) behold , the bride of frankenstein . elsa stare at the beautiful corpse in the mirror . she snap she head leave , right , up , down , startle by the sight of herself , electrocute into frighten , spastic jerk . elsa lanchester oh , James . as whale observe he star we see she spasm through he eye -- as a series of dissonant , line - jump close -up . elsa lanchester and you say there would be some of I leave . nobody 's go to know I in this getup . whale nonsense , my dear . you look extraordinary . ( to a assistant ) today 's script . Quick . and a pencil . whale scan the page of shoot script , the margin mark in pencil : cu , ms , ml . whale pencil in a bracket and scribbles : cu a , b , c,d---mos . whale Jack , I want to get on this right away . sorry , boris , we will not get to you until this afternoon . boris karloff I 'ish you ' old 'e ' ooner . the assistant remove he mouthpiece . boris karloff I could have spend the morning tend to my rose . int . soundstage - day the interior of stage C be completely fill by the laboratory set . electrician adjust the light on the wooden tower beside the bride 's table . colin clive ( Dr. frankenstein ) and ernest thesiger ( Dr. pretorius ) sit off to the side , in full makeup and costume . clive mumble earnestly over he script . thesiger pinch he face over the needle he dip in and out of a embroidery ring . whale come on the set with elsa on he arm . she walk regally beside he , the train of she long white robe throw over one arm . there 's a wolf whistle from overhead , and applause , cause elsa to curtsy to she admirer . thesiger take she hand , lean back to study she . ernest thesiger my God . be the audience to presume that Colin and I have do she hair ? I think we be mad scientist , not hairdresser . elsa lanchester only a mad scientist could do this to a woman . ernest thesiger oh no , my dear . you look absolutely amazing . there 's no way I can compete with you . the scene be yours . elsa lanchester in the sequel , James , two lady scientist should make a monster . and we monster would be Gary Cooper . ernest thesiger I would have think Mr. Leslie Howard would be more you line . elsa lanchester more you line . ernest thesiger my line nowadays run to rin tin tin . dog be so much more dependable than man . whale Colin ? please . it 's time . ( softly , to thesiger ) how be he today ? ernest thesiger stiff as a board . ( call out ) yes , Colin . come see what they have do to we elsa . clive walk over , glumly . colin clive I be not at my best today , Jimmy . a touch of flu , you know . whale see through the excuse , rest a arm on clive 's shoulder . whale relax , my boy . you could do this scene in you sleep . clive grit he tooth and nod . whale position they in front of the upend table , clive and thesiger hold elsa 's robe out by the hem . the shadow of the sound boom pass back and forth while they rehearse . ernest thesiger I gather we not only do she hair but dress she . what a couple of queen we be , Colin . elsa giggle . clive look distraught -- which bring some life to he stiffness . whale see this , decide to tune it higher . whale yes , a couple of flame queen . and pretorius be a little in love with Dr. frankenstein , you know . clive 's distress read clearly now . he be twitchy and alive . whale yes . I think it 's come together . shall we have a go ? he sit in the canvas director 's chair , nod to the assistant director . assistant director quiet on the set ! the warning bell ring . assistant director light ! the light sizzle and blaze . assistant director sound ! SOUND man okay for sound . assistant director camera ! a young man with a clapboard step in front of the camera . camera assistant scene two -fifteen . take one . whale action . the bride snap she head in various direction . thesiger slope back , finger splay , intoxicate by he creation : ernest thesiger the bride of frankenstein ! whale sit with he leg cross , jogging he raise foot as if conduct the scene with he show . fully engage , intensely alive . we CUT to : int . whale house - bedroom - night whale glance at the clock , see that it be 3:15 . he be wide awake . he reach over , pick up the luminal . whale luminal . illumine all . whale reluctantly place the pill on he tongue and swallow . he rest he head on the pillow and stare at the ceiling , where the reflection of the window sheer cast a ever-shift pattern of light and dark . we move down to reveal : int . prison cell - night ( black &amp ; white ) it 's a cobblestone cell , a plaster set from " bride of frankenstein . " whale sit in a massive chair , strain against thick iron chain , as a lightning storm rage outside . in the distance , heavy footstep , come closer , until the cell door be fill with the silhouette of the monster . whale hardly dare to breathe as the monster rip off the door and enter the cell . the monster step into the light , allow we to see he face for the first time . it be clay boone , dress in a Marine parade uniform . he use he hedge clipper to cut the chain from around whale 's chest . whale thank you . thank you so much . clay lean down and take whale in he arm , cradling he like a child . they move across the sound stage -- clay carefully sidestepping the light and cable on the floor -- until they reach the next set : ext . countryside - night clay carry whale past a paint backdrop of a stormy English countryside . int . frankenstein be lab - night whale lie on the bride 's table . clay pull on a doctor 's smock , pick up a scalpel from a table cover with various medical instrument . he carve a thin circle around the top of whale 's forehead . then , with one deat movement , he pop off whale 's scalp and pull out the brain . it be soot - cover , char , use up . whale watch with detach fascination as clay toss it on the floor , then take a throbbing , luminous mass from a tray . clay insert the new brain into whale 's skull , suture the scalp back into place . he fasten the conduct clamp around whale 's temple , then throw the heavy circuit breaker . light throb with burst of energy ... loose spark crackle ... rotary spark create snap circle of fire ... as the energy of the raging storm be harness into the machinery . clay step back to take in he handiwork . a sudden look of panic fill whale 's face . whale it be not work . the experiment be a failure . clay glance down at whale , whose breathe be slow . realizing that the new brain have not take : clay just go to sleep . a serenity suffuse whale 's feature as he stare up at the pale flicker of lightning . his breathe finally stop , he face a tranquil mask of death . we CUT to : int . whale house - bedroom - day whale wake with a start . he check the clock , see that it 's past nine . he press a intercom button on the bedside table . whale I be up , hanna . whale sit up , drink in the sunlight . he notice some grass clipping and leave scattered on the bedspread . whale what in God 's name -- whale turn and see clay lie next to he . he gasp . clay ( angrily ) I tell you to sleep . clay 's hand close around whale 's neck . we CUT to : int . whale house - bedroom - day whale open he eye groggily . he scan the room in panic , clearly unable to get he bearing . whale try to stand but he leg give way beneath he . int . whale house - bathroom - day ( later ) whale and hanna stare straight out as she reach down and unbutton the tiny button on he pajama fly . whale support himself with one hand on hanna 's shoulder as he relieve himself with the other . int . whale house - bedroom - day ( later ) whale sit up in bed , stare dumbly at the morning paper . hanna reach in to take away the breakfast tray . whale do the yardman come today ? hanna of course . this afternoon . a thin smile form on whale 's face . ext . whale house - day clay prune the rose on the front lawn . hanna appear , frown . clay something I can do for you ? hanna the master want to know if you be free for lunch . I tell he you will be have other plan , but he insist I ask . clay get a lawn this afternoon , but I be free until then . hanna expect nothing fancy . hanna go inside . clay roll the mower down the path . int . whale house - kitchen - day clay knock on the bottom of the dutch door as he lift the latch and walk in . he be wear a fresh madra shirt . hanna the master be dress . I be to offer you a drink . there be whiskey and there be iced tea . clay tea be fine . he sit at the kitchen table . hanna no . you be a guest now . you go in the live room . clay that 's okay , hanna . I be more comfortable in here . it be hanna , be not it ? she eye he suspiciously , shrug , pour a glass of tea . clay notice a Bible on the counter . clay how long you work for Mr. whale ? hanna Long enough . Fifteen year . clay I bet you have see a lot of famous people come and go ? Movie star ? hanna no . we live simply , Mr. Jimmy and i. people come to play bridge . and now and then , young man to swim . you have people , boone ? clay you mean family ? all in joplin , Missouri . hanna you wife ? clay I be not marry . hanna why ? clay oh , I do not know . because no girl in she right mind will have I ? hanna a man who be not marry have nothing . he be a man of trouble . you need a woman . clay you propose what I think you be propose ? do not you think I be a little young for you ? hanna twist she head around with such a indignant look that clay burst out laugh . she realize that she be be tease . hanna Men . always pull leg . everything be comedy . ( mimic a English accent ) " how very amusing . how marvelously droll . " hanna stare at clay until he smile fade . she resume she chopping in silence . clay you ever be marry , hanna ? hanna of course . I be marry still . clay yeah ? what 's you husband do ? hanna he be dead now , twenty year . clay then you be as single as I be . hanna no . I have child , grandchild too . I visit when I can . but now that Mr. Jimmy can not be leave very long , I do not get away much . ( sigh ) poor Mr. Jimmy . there be much good in he , but he will suffer the fire of hell . very sad . clay you be sure of that ? hanna this be what the priest tell I . his sin of the flesh will keep he from heaven . clay sin of the flesh ? everybody have that . hanna no . his be the worse . ( worse ) the unspeakable . the deed no man can name without shame ? she lose patience with clay 's blank look . hanna what be the good English ? all I know be bugger . he be a bugger . Men who bugger each other . clay a homo ? hanna yes ! you know ? clay slowly sit up . hanna that be why he must go to hell . I do not think it fair . but God 's law be not for we to judge . clay you be tell I Mr. whale be a homo . hanna you do not know ? clay well ...no , not really -- hanna you and he be not do thing ? clay no ! hanna good . that be what I hope . I do not think you a bugger too . I fear only that you might hurt he if he try . clay I be not go to hurt anyone . hanna yes . I trust you . off in the distance , a throat loudly trumpet itself clear . hanna you must go in . quickly . he will not like to think I have have you in the kitchen . clay get up slowly , reluctant to leave the room . int . whale house - live room - day whale come forward as clay enter , offer a hand at the end of a spindly wrist . whale how be you , Mr. boone ? so glad you be free for lunch . clay all right , I guess . whale I assume you work up a appetite with you labor . a hesitant smile from clay . whale pick a stack of mail off the table , rifle through envelope . whale forgive my rudeness . at my age , the post be the cream of the day . he return the stack to the table but hold on to a square envelope . whale do you mind ? clay go ahead . clay look off while whale open the envelope . whale hmmm ? princess Margaret ? he be examine a fold card . he rub a thumb over the print lettering . whale her majesty 's loyal subject in the motion picture Industry ... cordially invite ... reception at the home of ... Mr. George cukor ! his lip smack open in disgust . whale that pushy little -- horn in on the Queen 's sister , then offer to share she with the whole damn raj ? I live in this country to get away from this rubbish ! he toss the invitation on the table . whale be this David 's do ? clay this David 's a friend ? whale yes . a old , useless friend . you must excuse I , Mr. boone . this be a world I finish with long ago . I pay they no mind and expect they to return the compliment . ( a deep breath ) lunch should be ready . shall we ? he hold out a open hand so that clay can precede he into the dining room . int . whale house - dine room - day hanna set down two steaming plate of omelettes . whale hand a glass of red wine to clay . whale cheer . they both take a sip of wine . whale smell lovely , hanna . hanna nod , steal a glance at clay as she leave . clay saw you movie the other night . watched it with some friend . whale do you now ? clay I like it . we all do . whale do anyone laugh ? clay ( cover ) no . whale pity . people be so earnest nowadays . clay why ? be it suppose to be funny ? whale of course . I have to make it interesting for myself , you see . a comedy about death . the trick be not to ruin it for anyone who be not in on the joke . ( a sip of wine ) but the monster never receive any of my gibe . he be noble . Noble and misunderstand . whale gaze pointedly at clay , who eat with he elbow on the table , quickly bolt the hot omelette . whale in Korea , Mr. boone ? clay look up . whale do you kill anyone ? clay I do not like to talk about that . whale it 's nothing to be ashamed of , in the service of one 's country . that 's something to be proud of . clay proud ? any jerk with a gun can kill someone . whale quite true . Hand - to-hand combat be the true test . do you ever slay anyone hand - to-hand ? clay ( defensive ) no . I could have , though . whale yes , I believe you could . ( a sip of wine ) how free be you schedule this afternoon ? clay full up . I get the hedge to do here , then another lawn out by La cienega . whale what be we say phooey to the hedge ? could you spare a hour after lunch ? to sit for I ? clay can not today . whale I will pay we go rate . plus what you would get if you do the hedge . clay sorry . I do not feel like sit still today . whale all righty . I understand . whale tilt a scrutinize eye at clay . int . whale house - pantry - day ( later ) hanna carry the dirty dish back to the kitchen . int . whale house - dine room - day clay start to bite the tip off a cigar . whale use this . whale pass he a gold penknife . whale just a trim . and mine while you be at it . finger be a bit stiff today . clay you ever be marry , Mr. whale ? whale no . at least not in the legal sense . clay hand a clipped cigar back to whale . clay so you have a wife ? whale or a husband . depend on which of we you ask . my friend David . he live here for many year . the other cigar crunch faintly between clay 's finger . whale do that surprise you ? clay no , I -- you be a homosexual . whale oh dear . if one must have a clinical name . clay I be not , you know . whale I never think you be . clay you do not think of I that way , do you ? whale what way might that be ? clay you know . look at I like -- like I look at woman . whale do not be ridiculous . I know a real man like you would break my neck if I so much as laid a hand on he . besides , you be not my type . clay suddenly laugh . whale 's smile deepen . whale so we understand each other ? clay what you do be no business of mine . live and let live , I say . whale I hope this have nothing to do with you refuse to sit for I today ? clay no. I -- whale continue to smile , slyly . whale what be you afraid of , Mr. boone ? certainly not a frail old man like I . clay have no answer . he give in with a sigh . int . whale house - studio - day clay sit sideways on the chair again . whale stand at the easel . clay can I see what you do so far ? whale it will only make you self - conscious . you will have to remove you shirt . clay sorry . not today . whale but we have to match the other sketch . clay I just feel more comfortable keep it on . you just say you do not want I self - conscious . whale step forward . whale perhaps if we open the shirt and pull -- whale 's hand to in . clay 's flesh tighten ; he shrink back . the hand stop , palm raise . whale oh dear . I have make you nervous . clay I be fine . I would just rather keep it on . whale suppose we unbutton the top and pull it down around you shoulder ? two button . be that so much to ask ? just two little button . whale 's thumb and finger unpluck button in midair . clay no! look . what you tell I at lunch be still very weird for I . so either you sketch I like I be or I will say forget it and go do you hedge . whale take a step back . his eye be lock on clay , fascinate by he temper . clay I do not mean to be a prick , but that 's how I feel . whale of course . I do not want to scare you off . not before I be finish with you . whale glide behind the easel . the pencil rattle in the tray . whale tell I more about yourself , Mr. boone . you have a steady companion ? clay not at the moment . whale why not ? clay you know how it be . you have to kiss ass just to get a piece of it . whale very well put . clay the world be just one kiss - ass game after another . a man have to make up he own life , alone . whale ah. a philosopher . clay thoreau with a lawnmower . whale ( smile ) I like that . but take care , Mr. boone . freedom be a drug , much like any other . too much can be a very bad thing . clay glance out the window . feign a merely casual interest : clay be that why you and you friend split up ? because you want to be free ? whale in a way , yes . I suppose so . I know it 's why I stop make picture . whale back away from the easel and stare at the paper with a sour frown . whale you might not think it to look at I now , but there be a time when I be at the very pinnacle of my profession . the horror movie be behind I . I would do " show Boat . " Major success . great box office . now I be to do something important . " the Road back . " a indictment of the great War and what it do to Germany . it be to be my masterpiece . clay what happen ? whale the fuck studio butcher it . it be 1937 , Hitler 's army be already mass -- and still the New York banker stand in line to curry he favor . anything to avoid lose the german market . they cut away the gut and bring in another director to add slapstick . the picture laid a egg , a great expensive bomb . for which I be blame . a shadow pass over whale 's eye . he press two finger against he temple . whale after that , I go out of fashion . I be no longer able to command the best project , so I walk away . why should I spend my time work in such a dreadful business ? clay do you miss it ? whale ( dismissive ) it 's so far in the past now . over fifteen year -- whale stop himself . he smile gently at clay . whale make movie be the most wonderful thing in the world . work with friend . entertain people . yes , I suppose I miss it . more so now that -- whale reach into he pocket , take out the bottle of luminal . whale I think we all want to feel we have leave we mark on the world . yes . I wish I have do more work . clay you have do a helluva lot more than most people . whale better work . whale move across the room to the screen door . whale but I choose freedom . David be still in the thick of it , he life full of anxiety and studio intrigue . I do not fancy spend my golden year as merely " the friend . " the dirty little secret of a nervous producer . clay how long be you ...? whale twenty year . too long . we be like a play whose run outlast the cast 's ability to keep it fresh . so I finally decide to close down the show . whale place a pill on he tongue and swallow . he fix clay with a pinch smile . whale when all fetter be loosen , a certain hedonism creep in , do not you think ? there be a period when this house be overrun with young man . some even pose for I . right where you be sit now . clay sit uncomfortably in he chair . his face flush . whale of course , they be not nearly as bashful . no , this room be once fill with bare buttock . and prick . hard , arrogant prick -- clay cut it out ! clay explode out of he chair , knock over a small side table . clay fuck it . I can not do this anymore . he loom over whale , whose breathe start to quicken . clay be not it enough you tell I you be a fairy ? do you have to rub my nose in it ? whale I assure you , Mr. boone , I mean no -- clay from now on , Mr. whale , I cut you grass and that 's it . understand ? before whale can respond clay storm out , nearly rip the screen door off its hinge . whale sit on the day , take a few quick breath . suddenly the air be fill with the sound of people cavort in the pool . whale look up , see a young man stand outside the screen door . it be now dark outside . young man come on , Jimmy . watch I dive . whale offer a melancholy smile . whale I think I will just rest for a moment . the man shrug , disappear into the shadow . we move across the room and through the door ... ext . whale house - night whale sit in a director 's chair , a martini in one hand , a cigar in the other , a harmless old uncle watch young man swagger and splash in the pool . whale I think we be ready to go . he glance over , see clay in plaid bathing trunk , sit apart from the other . he be puffing on a camel . whale you be up , Mr. boone . clay ignore he . whale put down he martini and cigar , pick up a Polaroid camera . he move over to clay . whale the extras be in they place . now we need the star . would not you like to get in the pool ? clay you first . whale oh no . I never swim . whale remove clay 's cigarette , crush it with he shoe . behind he , the pool be now a pit full of naked shadow . whale you will have to remove that shirt . whale touch clay 's bare chest . clay grab hold of he wrist , cause the old man to yelp in pain . in the pool , the extras shriek in alarm . clay 's hand close tightly around whale 's throat . int . whale house - bedroom - day whale 's hand fly to he throat . he open he eye and gasp greedily for air , the young man 's scream linger in the room . there be a look of genuine terror on he face . ext . brentwood house - yard - dusk the sun go down . clay wearily push he lawnmower , struggle to concentrate on the darken lawn . ext . brentwood house - back door - night the smug property owner peer out at clay from behind a screen door . clay do you mind turn on a light ? it 's get pretty soupy out here . owner should have be here when you say you would . you whack off a tow , do not think about take I to court . clay you be lucky I even squeeze you in today . owner do not take that tone with I , bub . there 's jap in this town that work cheaper and do flower too . clay take a deep breath . he can not afford to get angry . clay will you just turn on the porch light ? Sir ? the owner flick on the light . int . harry beachcomber - night clay press through the Saturday night crowd . clay crane he neck to scan the crowd . clay where 's Betty ? harry she take the night off . heavy date . some guy she 's have she eye on for a while . Harry smile pointedly at clay , hand he the beer . clay thanks a lot , pal . clay turn he back on the bar . he see dwight move through the crowd . clay dwight ! dwight nod , a little coolly . dwight hey , boone . clay have a drink ? dwight 's wife , a pert , steely - eye brunette , place a firm hand on he shoulder . dwight shrug , head toward the door . clay turn . a pretty , too - tan blonde woman in she early 30 be stand at the end of the bar , eyeing clay . he lift he glass and she respond with a open smile . ext . clay's trailer - night clay and the woman go at it , they shadow visible through the glass louver . int . clay's trailer - bathroom - day clay tug on a cord and the harsh overhead fluorescent buzze to life . he splashes he face with water , then catch he reflection in the mirror . ext . santa monica library - day clay park outside the local branch of the public library . int . reading room - day clay leaf through a oversize folio , bound copy of the New York Times . he glance at a article from 1936 . " interview with a pass whale . " there be a picture of whale , caption " famous british director . " a librarian approach with more leatherbound book . librarian here be the trade newspaper you want . clay take the book , open one . int . whale house - live room - day whale eat lunch off a tv tray . his attention remain focus on " Queen for a Day " as hanna clomp into the room behind he . whale who be that at the door ? hanna a visitor . whale turn . his face register surprise when he see clay . whale thank you , hanna . that will be all . hanna retreat toward the kitchen . clay step tentatively into the room . whale Mr. boone . you be not due to cut the lawn until Wednesday . clay I would like to sit for you again . but only if you ease up on the locker room talk . okay ? whale hold up two finger , affect a american accent . whale scout 's honor . clay smile . int . whale house - studio - day whale and boone be back in they familiar position . a empty glass of beer sit on the floor next to clay . whale I be curious , Mr. boone . what convinced you to come back ? clay I do not know . I guess I like you storey . whale everybody have storey to tell . clay not I . whale what about you stint in Korea ? I be sure it be full of dramatic episode . clay I tell you . I do not like to talk about that . whale nod , sense that he 's touch a sore spot . whale and the fear you show at we last session ? how do you overcome that ? clay not fear . more like disgust . whale same difference , Mr. boone . disgust , fear of the unknown -- all part of the great gulf that stand between we . be I right in assume that you have have little experience with man of my persuasion ? clay there 's no people like you in my crowd . whale no teammate in football ? no comrade in Korea ? clay you must think the whole world be queer . well it 's not . War sure be not . whale oh , there may not be atheist in the foxhole , but there be occasionally lover . clay you be talk through you hat now . whale not at all . I be in the foxhole myself . clay you be a soldier ? whale I be a officer . clay break he pose to turn and look at whale . clay this be World War I ? whale no , my dear . the crimean War . what do you think ? the great War . you have a good War , while we have -- whale clear he throat , bored by he standard line . whale -- a war without end . there be trenches when I arrive , and trenches when I leave , two year later . just like in the movie . only the movie never get the stench of they . the world reduce to mud and sandbag and a narrow strip of rainy sky . ( a dry snort ) but we be discuss something else . oh yes . Love in the trenches . now he 's talk only to himself . whale barnett . be that he name ? Leonard barnett . he come to the front straight from harrow . and he look up to I . unlike the other , he do not care that I be a workingman impersonate he better . how strange , to be admire so blindly . I suppose he love I . but chastely , like a schoolboy . clay something happen to he ? whale look up at clay , stare at he . whale I remember one morning in particular . a morning when the sun come out . ext . trench - day ( 1917 ) leonard barnett , 19 , boyish and handsome , peer into a periscope . whale stand beside he , point out landmark on the bleak landscape . whale ( v.o. ) odd , how even there one could have day when the weather be enough to make one happy . he and I be stand on the fire step and I show he the sight of no - man 's land , through the periscope . it be beautiful . the barb wire be reddish gold , the water in the shell hole green with alga , the sky a clear quattrocento blue . and I stand shoulder to shoulder with a tall apple-cheek boy who love and trust I . whale reach over and lay he arm across barnett 's shoulder . barnett smile timidly at he . we CUT to : int . whale house - studio - day whale lean forward , completely disorient . his eye fix on clay , the white eyebrow screw down , until he be able to recognize the face . whale do not do this to I again , Mr. boone . I absolutely refuse . whale stand , he leg shaky . whale you will not set I on another walk down memory lane . not this lane . not today . clay I do not -- whale why do I tell you this ? I never tell David . I never even remember it until you get I go . clay you be the one who start it . whale you be very clever , Mr. boone . you just sit there and let I talk . what a sorry old man , you be think . what a crazy old poof . ( come closer ) why be you here ? what do you want from I ? clay you ask I to model . remember ? whale of course I remember . do you think I be so senile -- whale stand over clay . his pale face turn leave , right , look at clay with one cold eye , then the other . clay return the gaze , worried for whale . clay Mr. whale ? be you okay ? whale turn away . he yank out a handkerchief . whale stupid . very stupid . what have I be think ? he sit on the day and bend over , cover both eye with the handkerchief . whale just go . please . why do not you go ? clay I do not get it . first you creep I out with homo shit . then you hit I with war storey . and now you be upset because I listen ? what do you want ? whale I want -- I want ... his pain eye focus on clay , and soften . whale I want a glass of water . clay get up and go to the sink . whale a touch of headache . clay hand he the water . whale thank you . whale set the glass down and sit with he head lower , he body fold like a bundle of stick . whale my apology . I have no business snap at you . clay no harm do . whale it be foolishness to attempt this portrait . you can not force what will not flow . clay you do not want I to sit for you anymore ? whale shake he head sadly . he gaze up at clay , see the disappointment on he face . whale how would you like to come to a party with I ? a reception for princess Margaret . clay I think you be not go . whale if you do not mind drive , I would like to take you as my guest . there should be lot of pretty starlet to keep you amused . clay I be game . sure . whale very good , Clayton . May I call you Clayton ? or do you prefer boone ? clay Clayton be fine . whale smile gently . ext . ocean promenade - dusk the sun be set over the Pacific . clay stand in a phone booth on the strand . int . phone booth - dusk clay smile anxiously as the call connect . clay Mom ? yeah , it 's I . clay pause as he mother shoot question at he . clay no , I be not in jail ... I do not want any money , no ... ( louder , to be hear ) look , be sis there ? I want to tell she about this movie person I meet out here . she will get a kick out of it . we hear the phrase : " she 's out , clay . " clay close he eye as he mother ramble on . clay no , I still ... I would give you my phone number if I have a phone -- clay try to stay calm as he mother berate he for not stay in touch . clay how 's the old man ? before clay can protest we hear : " hold on . " clay glance out at couple strolling up the promenade . a operator interrupt , say : " one dollar for the next three minute . " clay deposit two quarter before he mother return . " he 's busy , clay . " clay right . the operator come on again , ask for fifty more cent . clay stare at the quarter in he hand . clay time 's up . I better go . clay listen as he mother prattles on , until the connection be break and the phone go dead . clay step out of the booth , take a deep breath of ocean air . int . whale house - bedroom - day whale and hanna go through the closet together . hanna Mr. boone . he be a interesting friend . whale I would hardly call we yardman a friend . hanna no . but someone you can talk to . whale stop , turn to hanna . whale do you miss have someone to talk to , hanna ? hanna I have my family . also we Lord Jesus Christ . whale of course . how be the old boy this day ? the naughty remark be meet with a solemn stare . whale reach up , choose a lightweight blue suit . whale it need a hat . there be a wide - brimm cream fedora ... hanna it must be up in you old room . I will look . the phone ring . hanna hurry to answer it . int . whale house - MAIN hall - day hanna speak softly in hungarian . whale point upstairs to let she know he will look for the hat himself . int . whale house - master bedroom - day whale open the closet door and take down a stack of hatboxes from the overhead shelf . he open the first box , take out a rubbery wad of heavy fabric with two round window like eye . it 's a gas mask . we CUT to : int . trench - night ( 1917 ) the night sky explode with light and smoke . whale move calmly through the chaos , try to maintain a modicum of order among the troops . whale Gas mask on . Gas mask on . at the end of the line , young barnett be struggle with he strap . mustard gas be start to stream into the trench . barnett do not mind I , Lieutenant . save yourself . whale slip the mask over barnett 's face , fasten it . he slide he own mask into position moment before the trench be obliterate by the yellowish smoke . we CUT to : int . whale house - master bedroom - day hanna stand in the door with a forlorn frown . hanna oh , Mr. Jimmy . you make a mess of it . here . hanna lift the lid of a unopen box to show he the miss fedora . hanna ( stack box ) that be my daughter . she say she and she husband be come to town this afternoon . I be sorry , Mr. Jimmy . I will make it short . whale I will be out this afternoon , remember ? you family can visit as long as they like . hanna no . I do not cook for they . my daughter 's no - good husband will not take one bite of we food . hanna hold out the box for the gas mask . whale give it a long , final look , then drop it in the box . whale you can toss this one in the trash . hanna clamp the lid on the box . int . whale house - foyer - day hanna have open the door . at the end of the hall , silhouett against the bright afternoon sky , be clay . his shoulder fill the doorway . the top of he head be perfectly flat . whale good afternoon , Clayton . clay do I look okay ? clay step into the light . his khaki pants be clean and press . a blue knit shirt fit he muscle snugly . whale you look splendid , my boy . quite splendid . int . whale house - garage - day whale cross to the passenger side of the Chrysler . whale I suppose you would like the top down . clay if that 's okay ? whale nothing would please I more . clay squeeze behind the wheel , shift the seat back , explore switch . the vinyl top pop up and fold backward . whale get in . clay start the engine and back out . ext . whale house - day hanna stand at the front door , hand tangle in she apron . whale tug he hat brim at she as the car swing around the driveway . whale smile at the wide open sky overhead . clay step on the gas and the Chrysler take off . ext . cukor house - day the party be clearly audible from the road , where clay have squeeze the Chrysler into a long row of shiny car nuzzling the high brick wall . whale put he dark glass on . whale star , you know . the sun of other galaxy . they walk up the steep road to the gatehouse . whale good old George . he love to put on the dog . only he dog tend to have a bit of mutt . a woman at the gate inspect the invitation , wave they through . ext . cukor house - lawn - day a sunny patio with hedge and statue . wicket and stake have be set up for a game of croquet , but only a handful of very tan child strut around with mallet . whale what do I tell you ? listen . clay I do not hear anything . whale exactly . cukor be too cheap to hire music . there 's nothing but chin-wag . the cold dreary custard of English chin-wag . whale scan the crowd . whale slim picking . well , it 's early yet . perhaps this be a good time to pay we respects . clay follow whale toward a trellis alcove cover in ivy . a handful of people grin at the mismatch couple who stand in the shade : a homely older man in glass and a pretty woman in a white dress with polka dot . GEORGE cukor and princess margaret . whale let 's get this over with quickly . whale forget to remove he hat when he come forward . before he can give cukor they name princess Margaret 's polite smile burst open in a joyful display of tooth . princess margaret I have no idea you would be here . she seize whale 's hand in she little white glove . princess margaret how be you ? whale ( take aback ) fine. quite fine . and you Royal highness ? princess margaret splendid . now that I know you be around . stand beside he , clay be clearly impressed that whale know a princess . princess margaret can we get together while I be in town ? I so badly want to sit for you again . whale sit ? princess margaret I have change my hair , you see . since we last session . that old snap look rather dowdy now . whale realize she 's mistaken he for someone else . he tug he sunglass down he nose so she can see he eye . princess margaret oh dear . have I make a blunder ? whale ma'am , the pleasure be all mine . James whale . princess margaret ( laugh ) I be such a goose . I mistake you for cecil beaton . it 's the hat . you be wear one of cecil 's hat , you know . whale attempt to chuckle while he fight a feel of humiliation . he turn to cukor for help . whale hello , George . James whale . David Lewis 's friend . I once make picture myself , ma'am . GEORGE cukor yes . of course . one can not throw a rock in this town without hit one of we old movie director . whale feel the sting . he turn to clay . whale ma'am , may I present Mr. Clayton boone ? clay step forward to shake hand . whale my gardener , who insisted I bring he today . he so want to meet royalty . cukor 's face go blank with indignation . clay please to meet you . princess margaret quite . I adore garden . whale narrow he eye at cukor and sharpen he smile . whale he 's never meet a princess . only queen . cukor puff out he chest , quiver a bulbous lower lip at whale . whale George , ma'am , this have be a honor . a occasion to remember for the rest of my day . he lead clay away and a american couple promptly crowd in to take they place . stride through the garden , whale be obviously pleased with himself . clay what be that about ? whale nothing of importance . just two old man slapping each other with lily . shall we have a drink ? whale lead clay to a tent bar . across the way , David Lewis have come through the gate with a woman on he arm . people look discreetly , not at David but at the woman , lightly veile in a scarf and sunglass . clay who 's that ? whale David . the friend I think be in New York . clay no . the girl . whale girl ? oh. Elizabeth Taylor . clay watch in amazement as elizabeth taylor wave to someone and pipe out a happy hello . she hurriedly unty she scarf , thrust it at David and run off on tiptoe to embrace a woman . clay be that really she ? whale David produce she last picture . David glance around while he slip the scarf into a coat pocket . he see whale look at he . he put on a tight smile and stroll across the patio . david what be you do here ? whale just what I be about to ask you . I think you be in New York . david I be , until last night . publicity ask I to fly miss Taylor in for today 's reception . the waiter arrive with they drink . only when clay take he glass of beer do David see that whale be not alone . david David Lewis . clay clay boone . whale we yardman . who be kind enough to serve as my escort to George 's little do . David freeze . whale lift he martini glass at clay and take a sip . david should you be drink in you condition ? whale oh , David , stop be a nanny . clay clear he throat , eager to escape this domestic squabble . clay I think I will go look at Elizabeth Taylor . he hurry off . whale you should have see georgie 's face when he meet Clayton . david you do not , Jimmy . whale I do . but princess Margaret be a doll . we be all equal in she eye . as commoner , I presume . david you only embarrass yourself . whale oh dear . I will never work in this town again ? david you know what I mean . you reputation . whale but I have no reputation . I be as free as the air . david well the rest of we be not . can not you remember that ? whale no . I never could . you must regret have have the invitation send . David be look over whale 's shoulder . david I do not ask George to invite you . whale then who do ? david Jimmy , there be people here I need to speak to . you will be fine on you own ? whale yes . perfectly . david all right , then . I will come by tomorrow for breakfast . whale nod , watch David stroll over to the pool and greet a gaggle of executive . whale drift toward some deck chair at the far end of the croquet lawn . he sit , take a sip of he drink . suddenly a high -pitch giggle pierce the air . kay Mr. whale ! whale look out to see Edmund Kay , he interviewer from several week ago , march across the lawn . whale mr.... Kay ? kay Bet you think you would never see I again . I do not know if you would be well enough to come to this party . whale you do not ? kay I be the one who get you on Mr. cukor 's guest list . whale you , Mr. Kay ? how do you know George cukor ? kay I interview he after I meet you . I be he social secretary now . well , assistant to he secretary . whale I commend you . if you be go to pursue poof , go after that who can do favor for you . you waste everybody 's time when you court dinosaur . kay do not think that , Mr. whale . I love you movie . that 's why I want you to come to this . so I could see you with you monster . whale my monster ? kay do not go away . whale try to do just that , but find himself catch in the chair . he be stumbling to he foot when Kay return with elsa lanchester , 55 , at he side . elsa lanchester Jimmy . how be you ? whale elsa ? she take whale 's hand , with a look of deep concern and sympathy . Kay race off again . elsa lanchester I see una o'conner a few week ago . she say you would be under the weather . whale oh , nothing out of the ordinary . grow old . elsa lanchester we be all get a bit long in the tooth . whale but you appear quite fresh , my dear . she swat aside the compliment and gesture at the chair . elsa lanchester please . you should not stand on my account . whale perfectly all right . but if you would like to sit -- elsa lanchester I be fine , Jimmy . I can only stay a few minute . whale of course . elsa lanchester what 's we pesky friend up to now ? Kay return , accompany by a stop , gray-haire man with a long rectangular face and wary , heavy - lidd eye . elsa lanchester be that boris ? we little chum appear to be arrange a reunion . whale oh dear . karloff , age 70 , come reluctantly , follow by he niece alice , a bashful young woman who carry a blanket - wrap bundle . elsa lanchester boris , darling . I do not know you be here . this public revel be hardly up you alley . boris karloff I come for the sake of my visit niece . Alice . and miranda , my great-niece . his huge hand lift the blanket in Alice 's arm , revealing a bald infant with enormous blue eye . karloff gurgle and coo at the child . elsa lanchester and what do you make of we royal visitant ? boris karloff perfectly charming . a real lady . elsa lanchester of course she 's a lady . what do you expect ? a hussy in tennis shoe ? whale look up and discover clay stand a few foot behind karloff . he be ogling two bosomy actress who be listen intently to the monocle british consul . whale 's eye try to focus karloff and clay together , he once and future monster . Kay shout to a pass photographer carry a bulky speed graphic . kay hey , you ! with the camera ! we get a historical moment here . come get a picture of it . the man scan the scene for a famous face . kay this be Mr. James whale , who make " frankenstein " and " bride of frankenstein . " and this be the monster and he bride . clay look up when he hear Kay identify karloff . photographer oh , karloff . right . karloff and elsa drift into position next to whale . the flash go off , a snap and a crunch of light . whale cringe in pain . elsa lanchester ( through clench tooth ) do not you just love be famous ? another flash . from whale 's perspective , the bulb resemble nothing so much as the translucent tube of electrical current from Dr. frankenstein 's laboratory . whale concentrate on he smile as another snap of light stab he brain . he clutches elsa lanchester 's hand . elsa lanchester be you all right , Jimmy ? a sharp nod from whale . the photographer motion to karloff 's niece . photographer let I get one with frankenstein hold the kid . Alice hand over the baby . karloff gently cradle the child . whale stand on he leave , elsa on he right . they all smile at the baby , who gurgle and point up . whale follow the baby 's gaze to the sky , where a large kite rock and strain in a furious electrical storm . the camera flash once , then again . photographer get it ! whale glance up -- the kite be go . Thunder rumble as the group start to disperse . whale nod to the face exchange good - by . boris karloff so good to see you again , James . he stroll off , cluck and coo at he baby . kay catch you before you go , Mr. whale . I will make sure everybody get send a print . he go off with the photographer . elsa kiss whale on the cheek . elsa lanchester we will be in touch , Jimmy . whale good-bye . so nice to see you ... finally whale be alone . he stagger to the deck chair and lower himself sideways into the lawn chair . clay you okay ? whale gaze up at clay . whale tire . a bit tired . clay nod . whale smile at he . whale be you enjoy yourself ? clay actually , no . I feel a little out of place . whale neither of we really belong here . clay must have be funny for you . see you monster again . whale monster ? the only monster ... ( close he eye ) ... be here . across the lawn , conversation have stop . birdlike shriek come from all direction . clay oh fuck . and we leave the top down . you want to run for it ? whale run for what ? clay can not you see ? it 's raining ! the rain be only a flicker of air , but people be jump and shriek , throw coat over they head as they dash toward the house . clay here . he take whale under the arm , help he up and escort he to a small tent . on the patio , everyone shove and squeeze to get through the one open door . whale stare out , hypnotize by the deluge . from he Pov , we see a young man step into the rain . whale squint , be finally able to identify the man as Leonard barnett . whale 's eye follow barnett as he emerge onto a new landscape , a scar and barren battlefield . as the storm continue to rage : clay ( o.s. ) Mr. whale ? whale shift he gaze to clay . he take a moment to orient himself . whale let 's get out of this funk hole clay you do not want to wait it out ? rain should let up soon . whale we be not sugar . we will not melt . whale adjust the brim of he hat and step into the downpour . clay have no choice except to follow . they walk briskly , the minute splashes on whale 's hat form a ghostly aura of spray . int . car - day whale open the door and climb in next to clay . the roof slowly close over they . clay I better get you home before you catch you death from pneumonia . whale catch my death . clay glance over , see whale sit very wet and rigid , stare straight ahead . clay you all right , Mr. whale ? whale blink , slowly turn . there be a crack look in he eye . whale Jimmy . please . call I Jimmy . clay smile , start to back the car out . int . whale house - foyer - dusk the hallway be pitch -dark as whale and clay enter . whale hanna ! bring we some towel . we be drench to the bone ! no response . whale blast she . if we soil she holy floor , it 's she own damn fault . whale go squashing down the hall . clay remain just inside the open door , pry off he shoe and peel off he sock . he follow whale into : int . whale house - kitchen - dusk whale stand over the table with he jaw open . whale I do not believe this . he slide a note to clay . whale it 's not like she . clay ( read ) just a night out . sound like she can not say no to she daughter . whale certainly you have better thing to do than babysit a old man ? clay good . let 's get dry . int . whale house - bedroom - night whale stand just inside the closet , buttone a crisp white shirt . he reach for a red bow tie , close the closet door . in the mirror , Leonard barnett stand behind he , in uniform . whale 's eye twinkle in surprise . he drape the tie around he collar . whale what do you think ? barnett smile he approval . int . whale house - upstair hallway - night clay open the bathroom door , call out . clay Mr. whale ? no answer . he go to the top of the stair and call out . clay where 's that clothes you promise ? again , nothing . rain tick against the window . clay go down the stair . int . whale house - bedroom - night whale fiddle with the knot of he tie . whale he trust I , you know . barnett sit on the edge of the bed now . he smile , a bit sadly . int . whale house - downstair hallway - night there 's glow come from the bedroom , and the sound of whale 's voice . clay Mr. whale ? Jimmy ? clay step slowly toward the door , push it open . he peer in . int . whale house - bedroom - night whale pull on a blazer . clay Mr. whale ? whale jump . he slap a hand over he chest , twist around , see clay . whale oh , of course . Clayton . you finish you shower already ? clay ten minute ago . do not you hear I call ? whale I be afraid not . terribly sorry . ( stand ) I believe I promise you some clothes . whale cross to the closet . barnett be nowhere to be see . whale you be much wider than I be . you will not want to attempt to get into my pants . clay no. definitely not . clay chuckle . whale smile . whale very good , Clayton . he take a robe from a hook on the closet door . clay try it on but it will not close over the towel . whale I know . whale open a drawer , take out a crewneck sweater . whale absolutely swim on I , but should take care of you upper half . clay pull the sweater over he head . whale that only leave the rest . clay you do not have any baggy short ? pajama bottom ? whale sorry . my pajamas be tailore . would it be too distress to continue with the towel ? no more immodest than a kilt , you know . clay do I have any other choice ? whale very sport of you , Clayton . clay notice a frame draw on the desk . clay be that --? whale ( nod ) the only memento I ever keep . my original sketch for the monster . he hand the sketch to clay , who stare down at the famous flat head , hood eye , bolt neck of the monster . whale shall we ? clay put down the sketch , start into the hall . whale turn back , see barnett stand by the window . whale flip off the light and close the door . int . whale house - kitchen - night clay sit at the kitchen table . whale open the refrigerator and bring out two plate wrap in wax paper , and a bottle of beer for clay . he pour himself a shot of scotch from a decanter and sit down . whale after dinner , if hanna be not back ? can we try a few more sketches ? clay I think you would give up on my picture . whale I would like to try again . if you be game . clay why not ? give we something to do while we wait . clay munch on he sandwich . whale pour himself another scotch , take a sip . whale tell I something , Clayton . do you believe in mercy kill ? clay never give it much think . whale come now . I be sure you come across such situation in Korea . a wounded comrade , or perhaps one of the enemy ? someone for whom death would be a bless . clay stop chew . he stare down at he plate . clay I never go . he take a deep breath , look up at whale . clay I never make it to Korea . whale but you say -- clay -- that I be a Marine . which be true . you fill in the rest . whale I see . clay downs he beer , refill the glass . clay my old man be a Marine . he enlist the day he turn seventeen . whale the great War ? clay ( nod ) by the time he be ready to ship out , the fight be over . he miss out . whale a very lucky thing indeed . clay that 's not the way he see it . to he , it be like he life never get start . nothing else really matter . definitely not he family . whale gaze sympathetically at clay . clay the morning after Pearl Harbor , he drive down to St. Louis to reenlist . he be so damn excited . World War ii be go to be he second chance . ( sigh ) they tell he he be too old ... fat ... nearsight . Said he would be more use to he country if he stay home and look after he family . whale be that why you join the Marines ? for you father 's sake ? clay I figure he would think , you know -- it be the next best thing . hey , I love it too . a chance to be a part of something important . something bigger than yourself . whale what happen ? clay I do not have the gut for it . a look of surprise cross whale 's face . clay I mean , literally . my body screw I up . burst appendix . they give I a medical discharge . all I think about be , how be I go to tell the old man . he break into a crooked smile . clay you know what he do when I call he ? he laugh . he laugh so hard he practically burst a blood vessel . Said it be a good lesson for I . not to try to fill he shoe . whale I be very sorry . clay they 's the break , right ? no war storey for this pup . whale that 's where you be wrong , Clayton . you have just tell one . a very good story indeed . whale lift he glass in a toast . clay empty he glass of beer . he motion toward the decanter . clay do you mind ? whale not at all . he hand the decanter to clay . int . whale house - live room - night clay sit in a straight - back chair , smoking a cigarette and sip he scotch . whale sketches from a wing chair across the room . clay Storm 's get worse . whale " a perfect night for mystery and horror . the air itself be fill with monster . " clay that 's from you movie , right ? " the only monster be here . " whale I do not remember that one . clay James whale . this afternoon at the party . whale look up . clay I say it must be weird see you monster again , and you say , " the only monster be here . " I be wonder which here you mean . whale I do not recall . memories of the war , perhaps . clay but that be so long ago . it can not still bother you . whale oh , but it do . especially in light of the journey I be about to make . clay you be plan a trip ? whale 's gaze remain dreamy and preoccupy as sound of battle fill the room . a relentless rat - a- tat of gunfire . the whistling of bomb . the torture wail of die man . whale stand , move over to the window . whale barnett . barnett on the wire . clay you friend ? whale gaze out at the storm . from he Pov , we see a scar and barren landscape , illuminate by occasional flash of lightning . whale he catch he one night come back from the reconnoiter . I would not take he out , but mcgill do . just to give the lad a taste . they be nearly home when a maxim gun open fire . ext . trench - night ( 1917 ) we race along the open trench with whale , the darken sky intermittently puncture by burst of gunfire . he reach the periscope , pull a enlist man off it . from he Pov , we see barnett and mcgill dodging bullet as they attempt to make they way back . whale ( through clench tooth ) come on . come on . mcgill leap over the barb wire of a forward trench . barnett follow . just as he foot leave the ground he chest be riddled by a fresh round of gunfire . whale 's eye snap close , try to obliterate what they have just see . whale ( v.o. ) barnett 's body fall in wire as thick as brier . it be hang there the next morning , a hundred yard from the line , too far out for anyone to fetch it . int . whale house - live room - night whale stare out impassively . whale we see he at morning stand - to and evening stand - to . " good morning , barnett , " we would say each day . " how 's ole barnett look this morning ? " " seem a little peaky . look a little plumper . " his wound face the other way and he hat shield he eye , so one could imagine he be napping on bedspring . he hang there until we be relieved . we introduce he to the new unit before we march out , speak highly of he companionship . clay 's eye be fill with pity . whale oh , but we be a witty lot . laugh at we dead . telling ourselves it be we death too . but with each man who die , I think , " better you than I , poor sod . " ( bitterly ) a whole generation be wipe out by that war . million and million of young man . whale begin to hum , a tune we have hear before : whale oh death where be thy sting - a-ling ? grave where thy victory ? clay you survive it . it can not hurt you now . it 's no good to dig it up . whale oh no , my friend . it 's digging itself up . there be nothing in the here and now to take my mind off it . all my diversion have abandon I . party . reading . Painting . work. Love . all go to I now . whale remain perfectly still , stare out the window . clay deliberate a moment , then put down he drink next to the decanter of scotch . he stand and yank the neck of the sweater over he face , then toss it on the sofa . whale blink at the reflection in the glass , not yet understanding . clay you want to draw I like a Greek statue . all right , then . clay pull at the knot , let go of the towel . he defiantly park he hand on he hip . clay there . not so bad . whale continue to stare at the reflection , he back to clay , he eye wide and expressionless . he turn slowly , fully expect the vision to evaporate . when he see that clay be truly naked he mutter softly under he breath . whale so it be go to happen after all . clay what would you say ? whale do not respond . finally he open he mouth to take a breath . whale no . it will not do . clay what will not do ? whale you be much too human . clay what do you expect ? bronze ? whale do not move . whale move abruptly across the room . he walk past clay . int . whale house - dine room - night whale pass quickly through the dining room and out to the kitchen . int . whale house - garage - night whale reach for the hatbox , which sit on top of a garbage can . suddenly a large hand appear on the box . whale gasp when a flash of lightning reveal the face of the monster . the monster growl out a inarticulate greeting . he pick up the box and hand it to whale . int . whale house - live room - night whale remove the lid , set the hatbox on the sofa . whale I would like you to wear this ? whale step back . clay take the box and cover he lap with it . he lift out the gas mask . clay why ? whale for the artistic effect . the combination of you human body and that inhuman mask . it 's quite strike . clay I do not know . whale please , Clayton . just for a minute . Long enough for I to see the effect . clay it 's from the first World War , be not it ? whale ( nod ) there be strap in back . clay fit the mask on the top of he head and draw it down . the live room turn brownish yellow in the thick glass goggle . whale let I help you . whale be suddenly behind he . clay 's vision be enclose in two round window , so he can not see whale buckle the second strap . clay now what ? mouth muffle by the inhalator , clay hear he voice from inside he head . whale come around to stand in front of he . he grin as he step back to examine clay . clay nervously tap he knee with he hand . clay all right . let 's take it off now . whale what be that ? clay it 's too tight . clay raise he voice to make himself hear . he reach back to undo the buckle . whale allow I . whale step in past the goggle . whale we do not want to tear the strap . clay drop he hand so whale can undo the buckle . but nothing happen . clay turn leave and right . whale oh yes . I be still here . two hand grip clay 's shoulder . whale what steely muscle , Clayton . whale 's hand squeeze . clay grab the frame of he seat , to stop he arm from automatically swinging a fist . whale 's hand slide over clay 's shoulder to he arm , caress the tattoo . clay jerk he shoulder to shake whale off . clay just take off the fuck mask ! whale relax , Clayton . I can not hear you . I can not hear a word . whale press he lip to clay 's tattoo . clay 's muscle tense from head to toe . whale what a solid brute you be . whale 's tongue move down clay 's arm . whale no ? maybe this , then ? the hand slide over clay 's stomach toward he lap . the tattooe arm swing backward , slamm a elbow against whale 's skull . clay jump from the chair , knock into a end table . the glass and crystal decanter fall to the floor . the lamp spill over and the room go dark . clay 's ankle be catch by the sofa leg and he hit the floor , jam the inhalator against he mouth . he quickly get up , on he knee and elbow , pull at the mask . flashes of lightning strobe the room as whale collapse over clay 's back and hold on . whale oh yes . I have you now . a strap break . clay rip the mask off . clay get the fuck off ! whale 's hand squeeze between clay 's leg . whale what will you do to get yourself back ? clay jab with he elbow , flipping whale on he back . his body straddle whale 's and pin he , face to face . clay I be not that way . get it through you fuck head . I do not want to mess with you . whale oh , but you feel good , Clayton . his hand clasp clay 's hip . clay 's fist open as it come down ; he slap whale across the face . whale that do not even sting . you be not such a real man after all . be you ? clay whacks whale 's face again . whale wait until I tell my friend I have you naked in my arm . wo not they be surprised ? clay I have not do a damn thing with you ! whale oh , but you have . you undress for I . I kiss you . I even touch you prick . how will you be able to live with yourself ? clay snatch whale 's wrist before it can touch he crotch . with he other hand he pick up the heavy crystal decanter . clay what the hell do you want from I ?! whale tilt he face up for another blow . whale I want you to kill I . clay freeze . he stare down at the old man with white hair and wild eye lie beneath he . whale break my neck . or strangle I . it would be oh so easy to wrap you hand around my neck and choke the life out of I . please , Clayton . we have come this far . clay you be crazy . whale 's eye glimmer in the sporadic burst of lightning . whale exactly , I be lose my mind . every day , another piece go . soon there will be nothing leave . look at the sketch I make of you . clay turn to the sketch pad , which lie on the floor next to whale . the page be fill with nothing but doodle and scrawl . clay look , if you want to die do it yourself ! whale no , I do not want to die alone . but to be kill by you -- that would make death bearable . they say you never see the one with you name on it . but I want to see death come at I . I want it to be sharp and hard , with a human face . you face . think , Clayton . you would be my second monster . almost as famous as the first . it would be the great adventure you have yearn for . a war story for both of we to share . clay 's breathe come in quick , panicked burst . whale you would be fully exonerate , I have take care of that . I write a note , I will even leave you the house , the car ... clay 's body start to tremble . whale do it now , Clayton . make I invisible . clay let out a howl -- he shoulder heave and shake . clay I be not you monster . he climb off whale , crawl away , he body collapse in wrack , anguish sob . whale open he eye , gaze at clay . whale what have I do ? ( sit up ) oh , selfish , selfish fool . I have lose my mind . he force himself to he foot . whale what be I think ? whale pick up the towel and move over to clay . whale you be a softheart bloke . a bloody pussycat . whale place the towel around clay 's shoulder . whale my deep apology . can you ever forgive I ? clay do not look up . whale I suppose not . ( a bone-crush sigh ) good God , I be tired . I really must go to bed . whale start slowly down the hall . int . whale house - bedroom - night whale sit on the edge of the bed , tug the bowtie from he collar . clay tap on the door , open it . clay you okay ? whale oh Clayton . clay do I hurt you ? whale nothing I do not deserve . clay need some help ? whale pray you , undo this button . he lift he chin and point to he collar . whale I can never manage it when I be tired . clay lean in to open the button . his face be only six inch from whale 's . whale do you believe people come into we life for a reason ? clay do not answer . whale turn , break they share gaze . whale I can undress myself , thank you . clay ( step back ) all right . whale haul he leg up and stretch out on the bed . whale when you die ... be sure you brain be the last organ to fizzle -- clay you will feel better tomorrow . whale tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow ... whale smile fondly at he . whale goodnight , Clayton . clay pull the door shut and it click . he stand there a moment . int . whale house - kitchen - night clay shake open a bedsheet and wrap himself in it . int . whale house - live room - night clay find a pack of cigarettes on the floor and light one , then set the furniture back up . he pick up the gas mask from beside the sofa , shove it into its box . clay sit in the wing - back chair , prop he foot on the hassock , adjust the sheet around he shoulder . we CUT to : int . whale house - bedroom - night whale bolt up in bed . a electrical storm flash and crack in the window . whale get out of bed , stare outside . from he Pov , the lawn be a barren slope cover with stump . whale turn on the desk lamp , sit . he pull out a piece of paper . ext . battlefield - night we be back to the scene that open the movie , a flat - top creature stumbling through the mud . a flash of lightning reveal clay 's face . he turn , signal for whale to follow he . whale join clay on a slight rise of ground , the rim of a crater . clay point down into it . ext . crater - night the crater be full of body gather around a pool of water . whale stumble down , reach the bottom and bend over the nearest corpse in khaki . it be Leonard barnett . there be no wound on he body , no rip or gape hole . his eye be close in dreamless sleep . whale look up and see that clay be go . the only other live creature be a owl , which blink wearily at he . whale lie down , find a spot next to barnett . he take a last breath and close he eye . we CUT to : int . whale house - live room - day a roar of bell blast clay awake . the telephone be ringing . a hard pair of shoe thunder out to answer it . hanna hello ? oh , Mr. David ! clay blink at the sight of hanna in black dress and white apron , chatter on the phone by the far wall . hanna no , no , he do not tell I . but no problem . I will make breakfast . she scoldingly cut she eye at clay . hanna ten ? very good , then . good-bye . she hang up and face clay with a stern frown . clay it 's not what you think . hanna I have bring you you clothes . all I ask be that you get dress and go . we be have a guest for breakfast . clay I need to talk to you about Mr. whale . hanna there be nothing you can say that will surprise I . clay maybe . but I still need to talk . do I have time for a cup of coffee before I go ? hanna I blame my daughter for keep I out so late . I only hope you do not get he excited . it could give he a new stroke . she stomp into the kitchen . clay get up , slip on he undershort . he 's zipping up he chino when she come out again with a breakfast tray . she hand he a cup of coffee . clay thanks . ( quickly ) why do you do it ? hanna what do I do ? clay take care of Mr. whale like he be you flesh and blood . hanna it be my job . I do it when he be happy and it be easy . it be only fair I do it now when he be ill . ( pick up the tray ) enough talk . I must wake up the master . she march around the corner towards whale 's bedroom . clay hear she knock on a door . hanna ( o.s. ) Mr. Jimmy ? Morning , Mr. Jimmy . clay pull on he shirt . hanna come back around the corner . hanna what have you do with he ? clay I put he to bed . he 's not there ? she go to the foot of the stair and shout : hanna Mr. Jimmy ! Mr. Jimmy ! hanna start up the stair . hanna look for he ! clay reach for he sock when he notice a envelope on the floor next to the chair . he pick it up . on the front be scrawle the word ' clayton ' . clay open the envelope . Inside be whale 's original sketch of the monster 's head . he turn it over . there be a message write on the back . clay no . clay drop the sketch , look out . he see something . ext . whale house - backyard - day clay cross the patio , hurtle down the slope . ext . whale house - pool - day clay leap headfirst into the water . whale rest lightly on he back , with a upward sway of straight white hair . clay haul the body toward the side . clay almost there . almost there . he get a arm around whale 's chest and heave the body over the curb . he climb out , drag the body forward to rest in the grass . he grab the wrist . nothing . clay Son of a bitch . you crazy son of a bitch . clay straddle whale 's thigh and apply pressure on he rib cage . but it 's no use . clay sit up and take a deep breath . hanna ohhh ! hanna come down the path , she run slow to a walk . she stare at clay . clay I do not do it . this be not I . hanna oh , Mr. Jimmy . clay he want I to kill he , but I do not . he do it himself . hanna he say here good - bye . I find it in he room . he be sorry , he say . he have have a wonderful life . she wave a fold piece of paper . hanna you poor , foolish man . you could not wait for God to take you in he time ? clay slowly stand up . hanna look around in panic . hanna you must leave . you be not here this morning . clay but I do not do this ! hanna the police will not know that . they will want to investigate . clay we have he note . hanna do you want to be question about you and Mr. Jimmy ? please , Clayton . it will be better if I find the body alone . clay but how're you go to explain this ? ( point at the body ) how do you get he out of the pool ? hanna you be right . yes . we must put he back . they both hesitate , look down at whale . then clay drag the body parallel with the pool . hanna stoops over to adjust the collar of whale 's shirt . hanna poor Mr. Jimmy . we do not mean disrespect . you will keep better in water . she nod to clay . he roll the body over and it splashes on its belly . it bounce a moment in the wave of the splash , then begin to sink . as it drop , the air in the chest slowly flip the body around . look up at they with open eye , whale sink backward into the thicken light . his arm trail upward and the hand lightly flutter as if wave good - bye . the melancholy sound of a solo violin pierce the silence as we CUT to : ext . / int . blind man be hut - night a black - and - white scene from " bride of frankenstein . " the old blind man play a mournful lullaby on he violin while the monster listen outside , move by the music . he smashes open the door of the hut in a effort to get closer to the soul - soothing sound . the blind man stop play , look up . blind man who be it ? you be welcome , my friend , whoever you be . the monster attempt to communicate , manage only a plaintive moan . the blind man stand . blind man I can not see you . I can not see anything . you must please excuse I . but I be blind . the monster hold out he burn hand . blind man come in , my poor friend . no one will hurt you here . if you be in trouble , perhaps I can help you . the old man touch the monster , who recoil with a defensive growl . blind man can you not speak ? it 's strange . perhaps you be afflict too . I can not see and you can not speak . int . suburban house - night ( 1972 ) michael boone , 10 , lie on the live room carpet , stare raptly at the movie play on the large Zenith console . the house be small but tidy and comfortable . blind man ( o.s. ) it 's be a long time since any human be come into this hut . I shall look after you . and you will comfort I . on the tv screen , the old man start to cry , then collapse onto the monster 's chest . a thick tear roll down the monster 's cheek . clay boone sit on the sofa , a baby on he lap . he 's 40 now , he hair start to thin but still closely cropped at the top and side . on the tv , daylight fill the hut . the blind man and the monster share a meal . blind man we be friend , you and i. Friends . monster Friends . blind man before you come , I be all alone . it be bad to be alone . monster alone , bad . friend , good . he take the old man 's hand . monster friend , good . the blind man nod . on the sofa , clay watch he son watch the movie . int . live room - night ( later ) a color promo for " chiller theater " fill the screen . clay turn off the set . clay time for bed , sport . Michael groan , slowly stand . clay what would you think of the movie ? michael pretty cool . better than most monster movie . clay I know the guy who make it . Michael glance skeptically at he father . michael come on , dad . be this another one of you storey ? clay here . clay unfold whale 's sketch of the monster , hand it to he son . clay it 's he original sketch of the monster . Michael turn over the sketch . on the back , scrawle in block letter : " to clayton boone -- friend ? " michael this be for real ? clay nod . at the same time , he wife dana appear in the doorway . a pretty , cheerful woman in she mid-30s . dana the trash , clay . before it rain . clay okay . clay kiss the top of he son 's head . clay off to bed . ext . clay's house - night clay carry a large metal bin down the tidy lawn . the sky momentarily brighten with a silent flash of lightning . clay gaze up at the electrical storm . he glance back at he house , see dana cradling the baby in a upstairs window . the sky open with a shatter crash of thunder . clay tilt up he face , drink in the cool rain . then he extend he arm and stagger along the sidewalk , imitate the monster 's famous lurch . we pull back , revealing a sleepy neighborhood of small house and neat lawn , until clay be only a small dot in the landscape . fade out .