fade in : ext . arctic ocean - day star in the black of space . pan down to sapphire blue sky , the brighter star still shine through . it 's Arctic midnight , the weak sun tiny on the distant horizon . we skim along the water , in and around loom glacial cliff -- the top of a iceberg push through the water 's surface . carve into the ice be a single mammoth word : godzilla we continue past , along the ocean , and discover : a old fishing boat , the rainbow warrior , hold position outside a small natural harbor . all light extinguish . fade up title : arctic ocean , near the 170th parallel on deck : eco-warrior peer through high - power binocular and video camera . among they : a intense woman . a russian man with a scraggly beard . a surly blond man , who monitor a geiger counter . all wear heavy parkas against the gray cold . blond man can anyone make out the registry ? what they be watching : a distant salvage ship , moor inside the harbor . its hoist be swing out over the sea . flood light illumine salvage diver as they submerge with hoist cable . russian man not I . bojemoi ... I think my eyeball be freeze . woman it 's black out . whatever they be up to , it 's no goddamn good . near the salvage ship , the diver guide the cable as the hoist engine begin work , winch the cable up . blond man ( look up from geiger counter ) background radiation be nearly a hundred time normal . they be harvest reactor core . they must be . russian man we do not know that . there 's no evidence of -- blond man ( pointedly accuse ) there 's a thirty - year - plus history of Soviets dump nuclear waste and old reactor into the kara , the barent , the Sea of Japan - - russian man ( amused ) I swear , I be not there . I have a cold . blond man so why not the Arctic ? who know how many of this graveyard there be ? woman something 's wrong ! the two man re-focus on the salvage ship -- -- where crewmen race across the deck . diver scramble onto the platform . a klaxon sound -- suddenly the geiger counter squeal , reading off the scale . the blond man drop it , startle . woman shit ! the sea begin to boil beneath the salvage ship . woman chain reaction ! grab tight -- the sea erupt . the salvage ship be heave into the air . it disappear in a fiery explosion -- the shock wave rock the rainbow warrior violently . people scramble as the deck tip . huge chunks of ice peel off the cliff , crash into the sea , onto the ship . with a cry , the blond man fall overboard . smoke pour from below deck . the geiger counter call out a uninterrupted staccato . the Russian man stumble blindly through the chaos , grasp for deck rail . tall man ... I can not see ... Claus ? martha ? help I ! observer look at that ! the snow can not burn ! it can not burn ! near where the remain of the salvage ship , the snow be indeed on fire - - a eerie sight . a fissure have open up in the glacier , still expand . woman ( 0.s. ) oh my god ! russian man ( stumble toward she ) martha ? where be you ? what be happen ? the woman stare toward the shore . woman it 's bleed ... red -black fluid flow out of the fissure , into the sea . the fluid steam in the chill Arctic air . turn the ocean blood red . martha the Earth be bleed ... int . llewellyn home - bedroom - night the window be wide open . the curtain do not move . a fan labor pointlessly , aim toward the bed -- which be empty . suddenly , the mattress jump , bump from beneath . there be a giggle . keith ( 0.s. ) I think we get on the floor to cool off . jill ( 0.s. ) oh , gee . I be sorry . I will stop . keith ( 0.s. ) just a observation . no complaint . please , continue . the phone ring shrilly . keith ( 0.s. ) dammit . keith llewellyn pull himself out from under the bed to answer the phone . he be mid-thirty with a charming smile . keith Dr. llewellyn . ( listen ; dismay ) how soon ? okay , okay ... I will be ready . ( beat ) what ? oh , of course . jill llewellyn have emerge from beneath the bed . a woman of high intelligence and strong passion . keith extend the phone . keith for you . jill ( take the phone ) Dr. llewellyn . how soon ? yes , I can be ready . she hang up the phone . look at keith , dismay . jill the Arctic . both of we . keith I hate cold weather . Jill pull he to she . smile at he . jill could be we last chance to be warm for a while ... he smile back at she , lean in to kiss she -- bright light flood the room . the curtain be blow back helicopter settles down outside the window . jill now the government get efficient ? a ext . llewellyn home - night at a upstairs window , tina llewellyn look out . 15 year old , bright and aching to test boundary . she peer at the helicopter . a cute pilot guide the ' copter to the ground . across the street , a neighbor and he son emerge from they house to investigate the noise . prop wash blow loose a pink plastic lawn flamingo . the neighbor grab for it . the rotor wind down . the cute Pilot go over a checklist . he look up -- and he eye go wide . cute pilot oh , man . Tina be come toward the ' copter , wear T-shirt , tight and a underage smile . cute pilot ( extend he wrist to co-pilot ) just slap the cuff on I now and be do with it . Tina reach the cockpit . the cute Pilot look down at he clipboard , very aware that look anywhere else could result in a moral charge . tina hi. cute pilot good evening , miss . kinda late for you to be up , be not it ? tina I be old enough . across the street , the neighbor clutches he flamingo . neighbor I do not care how high - up they be ... ever since they move in , it 's one disruption after another . son ( stare at Tina ) I do not mind . Jill and keith exit the house , carry parkas and small duffel . Jill see Tina -- and hurry to she . the cute Pilot still study he clipboard . jill Tina ... this be hardly a appropriate fashion statement . keith drape he parka around Tina 's shoulder . tina that depend on what I be try to say . the cute Pilot chuckle -- and then meet keith 's glare . refocus on he clipboard . Jill herd Tina toward the house , into the shelter of the porch and the doorway . keith follow tina God , unruffle , mom . it 's no big deal -- jill I do not want any problem while we be go . it will only be a few day , top . tina I could go stay with aunt Julia . keith aunt Julia 's rarely home long . we do not want you to be by yourself -- Tina let out a loud snort of a laugh . keith -- in New York . in Manhattan . here , you be safe . ( spread he arm ; a know understatement ) nothing unusual ever happen here . she smile at the sight of he , the helicopter behind he on the lawn gear up to take off . keith really -- you will be okay ? tina I will be fine , dad . go on . keith okay . well ... bye . he kiss she forehead . take he parka , head out toward the helicopter . pause to call to the neighbor . keith will you keep a eye on thing for we , Mr. torkleson ? the neighbor 's son answer immediately , almost gratefully . son yes ! neighbor ( scowl at he son ) yes ... no problem . Jill regards Tina , who look away sullenly . Jill smile ruefully . jill use some of the money in the bread box to buy a bathrobe , huh ? tina whatever , mom . Jill look at she . a perfunctory kiss -- neither be comfortable with it -- and then Jill head for the helicopter . the helicopter lift . Jill see Tina stand in the shadow of the porch . she look very small and alone . ext . arctic outpost - day a C - 130 transport with ski tread land on a makeshift airstrip . temporary shelter have be set up . the rainbow warrior be now mostly submerge . Jill and keith emerge from the plane , make final adjustment to they biohazard suit , heavy - duty coverall with full hood and visor , hood sling back . keith have a thin file folder . a young captain , tucker , peachfuzz mustache fail to make he look older , meet they . he also wear a biohazard suit . tucker ( greet each ) Dr. llewellyn ! Dr. llewellyn ! I be tucker ! tucker take keith 's arm , snap something onto the sleeve . tucker Radiation badge . if it go red , consider yourself cure of cancer . keith and dead , of course . jill ( as tucker snap a badge on she ) but a healthy kind of dead . keith ( point with the file ) what the hell have you find here , anyway ? tucker lead they toward the fissure . ahead , bio-suite worker wheel large storage drum out of the fissure . seat a lid ; Jill stop he , peer inside . jill this be peculiar soup ... tucker early analysis be pretty weird ... it have a mark resemblance to amniotic fluid . we think . jill amniotic fluid ? keith like in a womb ? tucker uh-huh ... well , not really ... there be some complex compound ... and a heavy barbiturate presence . we think . one worker be - Jill scowl , she mind suddenly very far away as she contemplate this information . tucker I know one of you doctor llewellyn be a bio-chemist ... despite be address , Jill do not answer . keith step in . keith that would be the pretty one . tucker we have a lab set up if you would like to ... but Jill be already move off with the worker wheeling the barrel . keith I think she would like to . hey , Jill ! she turn . he hand she the file . llean to kiss she cheek , but she 's already read the folder as she walk away . keith glance at tucker , shrug . tucker smile . pull on he hood , seal it . keith do , too . tucker gesture to follow , slip into the fissure -- int . womb cavern - day keith and tucker clamber down ladder anchore to the glacier , deep into the fissure , into : a huge cavern , carve out of ice and earth , light by a string of bare light that stretch away in both direction . the wall opposite the fissure be impose and strange , make up of crevice and finely texture stone , markedly different from the ice wall and ceiling . a bio-suite workcrew pump the red-black fluid into storage drum . tucker lead keith , slogging through shin -deep fluid . tucker the entire cavern be fill with this stuff -- suddenly there be a low rumble -- a small tremor . Ice sift down from above . light flicker . keith glance at tucker . 10 tucker a avalanche somewhere . or the sea floor shifting . the blast that open this up be some pretty mean shake - and -bake . something beyond tucker have draw keith 's attention : apparently , it be a smaller cavern . Inside be weirdly regular row of stalagmite and stalactite . keith move inside , examine they . tucker stand outside . keith this be the strangest stalactite formation I have ever see ... tucker that be not stalactite . keith give he a puzzle look , start to really examine the " caver n ' - - tucker ( enjoy the revelation ) they be tooth . keith 's eye widen - - he suddenly see what 's be in front of he all along : he 's inside a giant mouth . he scramble out to beside tucker . keith my God ...my God . he take in the mouth . touches the strangely - texture ' wall . 's keith and this be not stone ... be it ? it 's petrify or something -- but this be skin . ( he turn to tucker ) it 's skin . tucker it 's skin . we think . but it might as well be stone , for all the good we have do try to get a tissue sample ... we break three diamond drill bit on it -- keith clamber up , over the open mouth , catch up in the moment . keith this be incredible ... the preservation be extraordinary ... mammoth and the like find freeze show much more decay . even the alp ice man -- 10 . he stop . stare down the length of the body . the string of light be more than a football field in length . keith how big be this ... this ..? tucker climb up beside he . tucker two hundred forty - seven foot ... there 's also a tail , but how long that be we can not tell yet ... keith two hundred and forty - seven foot ? ( he look again ) two hundred and forty - seven foot ... so much for seismosaurus and ultrasaurus ... it be a dinosaur , be not it ? tucker shrug -- then nod , grin . tucker we think . another tremor , bigger this time . more ice rain down . the light flicker . go out , plunging the cavern into darkness . tucker shit ... wait a sec ... he snap on a flashlight , illumine the two man , still stand on the beast 's muzzle . tucker ( bellow a order ) nobody move ' till we get the light back on . ( to keith ) we do not need anyone trip over some giant dinosaur nut in the dark or something ... ( another order ) and let 's get the light back on , shall we ? thank you ! behind the two man , unnotice by they , there be movement -- 11 12 the monster 's eyelid open , ten foot across . a second , semi-transparent protective eyelid slide away -- revealing iris and slit pupil , glint wetly -- the pupil dilate , focus -- the light come back on . the pupil contract . the eye blink . 11 . tucker ( be : the light ) about time ... keith turn back to the beast . its eye track he movement -- keith 's own eye go wide . keith good lord -- and then the earth shake again as the beast 's head move -- claw tear out of the earth -- one whole section of wall undulate -- and we become aware that the monster 's tail be wrap around the entire cavern -- section of the ladder tear loose . climber plunge to earth -- the mouth close , then open again . FIRE fill the cavern -- and there be a distinctive roar , sharp and terrifying , unlike anything anyone have ever hear -- int . arctic outpost - day Jill peer into a microscope -- and suddenly the building shake . she brace for it to pass . it do not . it get worse . the door slam open . a Radio man scramble to a radio near Jill . fluorescent light flicker , strobing the room . jill what 's go on -- the whole room tip , upend cabinet and shelf . Jill be pin beneath a table . radio man mayday ! mayday ! this be Arctic outpost -- 13 a beam collapse , slamm into he , silencing he . the room be still shaking . Jill try to push the cabinet off of she , but it be too heavy . she look toward the window , and gasp -- despite she obscure view of the window in the half - collapse wall , she see : the two row of huge , gleam jag tooth , move past and past and past for much longer than one would expect . jill my god ... and then the building be jarre again , and the ceiling collapse , and the flicker light flicker off . 12 . ext . taki island - night fade up title : taki island , northeast of japan heavy wind and rain : a hurricane . a small fishing village batten down for the storm . wave lash across the dock . one villager , junji , look out from he house . moor boat bang against the dock . villager hurry to cover , past the fish stack on the wharf . one boat 's line have come loose ; it be in danger of get swamp . junji gasp : it be he boat . junji' wife appear in the doorway behind he , draw by he gasp . she see the boat . junji start to leave the house -- his wife stop he with a hand on he shoulder . junji' wife ( in japanese ) do not go out there -- you will drow ! junji ( in japanese ) without my boat , I have no life ! he stare at she , adamant . she nod , resign -- but gesture for he to wait . disappear into the house . reappear with a bright yellow slicker . she help junji into it . he give she a kiss , then duck into the storm . she watch he go . lightning scrabble across the dark heavy cloud . junji hurry 14 to he boat . struggle to make the line fast . from out in the ocean , the village look very small , very fragile . and then something rise out of the wave , block the village . huge with jag dorsal fin : godzilla . on the dock , a SOUND rise above the storm : the distinctive roar . junji look up -- there be a flash of lightning . between junji and the lightning , the huge shape continue to rise -- junji stare up in horror and shock . one huge , talone foot crash down , nearly on the small dock . and then the monster take another step -- a dark shadow fall across junji -- his wife watch , freeze with terror -- junji fall back against the pile . the huge foot loom directly over he . he can see up , up , up the height of the body , the two arm , the serpentine neck . 13 . junji ( in japanese ) it cannot be ... ( a certainty ) gojira ... the foot descend -- past he , miraculously spare he . other villager see what 's come . some run , some freeze , some pray . some race for the refuge of tree behind the village . the beast loom . one four-claw hand reach down -- -- toward the villager ? toward junji ? -- godzilla scoops up the entirety of the day 's catch and toss it into he gape mouth , past enormous sharp tooth . his head turn toward the village . he move , the earth shaking beneath he tread . junji 's wife stare up as he near -- junji scream from the dock -- junji ( in japanese ) run ! run ! -- but she can not hear . godzilla 's foot come down -- -- crush the house . junjit eye go hollow . he stare now , a mad witness . 15 godzilla 's tail drag across the village , cause more destruction . more villager be bury beneath the wreckage . but godzilla pay they no heed . he reach for the windswept forest behind the village , scoops a huge furrow in the ground , uproot a entire copse of tree . he raise it to he mouth -- and two villager who be hide shake loose , plummet to the ground . godzilla gulp down the tree . he move back toward the ocean -- then pause . crane he head back , look up into the sky , search for something -- the cloud blow apart briefly , revealing the night sky , empty save for twinkle star . the cloud close . lightn crackle -- godzilla roar and breathes FIRE . a warning . a challenge . and then he go to all four and dive into the sea , he huge bulk move past junji impossibly fast . godzilla 's 150 - foot tail sweep around , create a huge wave -- the wave crash across the island , hurl ship over dock and smash through house -- junji cling to a pile for he life . the water sweep by -- somehow , junji hold on . he stare out at the sea -- 14 , where the monster sink down , disappear into the violent , storm - toss ocean . dissolve to : ext . pacific ocean - bluff - evening the ocean . calm now . on a bluff above the ocean a road pass beneath a high , ugly wall , top with barb wire . fade up title : mori ogai care institute one year later a car veer off the road . two man get out : aaron vaught . tall , graceful , eye watchful behind wire - rimmed glass . he look like a ski instructor who chuck it all to become a librarian . marty kenoshita , enthusiastic , border on intense . he lug a large trial case . Aaron step up on the hood of the car , then to the roof , give he a view across the top of the wall -- Beyond the barb wire be not the expect prison . instead , there be manicure tea garden , small cottage . a koi pond beneath lovely waterfall . all that betray the illusion of a luxury hotel be the wall , surround the grounds on three side . the bluff be the fourth barrier . marty scramble up next to Aaron . marty there he be . ( point ) stare at the ocean . across the grounds , a figure sit . aaron maybe he be crazy , like they say . marty yeah , and maybe not . if you want to hide someone , keep they quiet , this would be a good place -- aaron marty , no paranoia tonight . ( gesture ) loan I you coat . marty frown , but slip off he overcoat . 15 . Aaron toss it onto the wall , cover the barb wire . marty hey ! Aaron toss he pack into the grounds . leap to the wall , swing over . a beat ; marty heave he case over , follow . ext . mori ogai care institute - ground - evening marty and Aaron near the seat figure -- it be junji--looking much older than can be account for by the 16 17 time pass . he seem unaware of they presence , eye stare out to sea . aaron Mr. tange ? junji tange ? no response . Aaron nod to marty . marty translate what Aaron say into japanese , nearly simultaneously . aaron you be a hard man to find , junji . we have be talk to survivor of the taki Island deluge for almost a year . still no response . marty add something more in japanese . with he eye , Aaron inquiry ' what ?! marty I say they all tell the same story : the worst hurricane in fifty year virtually wash away one of the chain . Aaron nod , step closer to junji . marty still translate : aaron but there be also storey of a man who see a giant dragon . a dragon that breathe fire and make tidal wave . he wait . nothing . he sigh -- -- and then junji speak . marty translate to English : junji / marty a storm kill my wife . and I be a crazy man that no one believe . 16 . aaron ( marty translate ) every culture have myth about dragon . the midgard serpent , quetzacoatl . the dragon that sleep at the heart of the world ... ( beat ) only I do not think they be just storey . 18 marty ( in japanese ) he even write a book about it . before Aaron can stop he , marty pull out a oversize paperback , hand it to junji . Aaron 's photo be on the back cover . junji look from it to Aaron . Aaron , a little sheepish , strike the same pose , smile the same smile . junji turn the book over . his eye widen -- " the waking dragon ' by Aaron vaught . the cover be a old wood print of a dragon ; it vaguely resemble godzilla . junji hurriedly open the book to a photo : a Aztec hieroglyph of quetzacoatl , again godzilla-like . junji flip through the book , become more excited with each photograph , each reproduce draw . he pause -- close on : a assyrian carve of a dragon and a gryphon , wrap around each other , lock in combat . aaron ( marty translate ) I believe in dragon , junji . junji look up at he -- then stand suddenly , and hurry off , carry Aaron 's book . Aaron and marty follow . ext . pacific ocean - bluff - evening Aaron and marty 's car sit near the wall . suddenly illumine by high - power flashlight beam . policemen swarm in . one climb to the roof , pull marty 's coat off the wall . display it to -- pike , wear a scowl he be bear with . he stand in front of two other american agent . all wear sharply - tailore black suit and no - nonsense expression . Pike roll he neck , a characteristic tic , cracking it . gesture for the police to move in -- 17 . int . junji' cottage - evening simple in design : futon , low table , bath screen off . junji look around conspiratorially , loosen a floorboard . junji ( in japanese ) 19 the doctor would take this if they know -- he reach into a space beneath the floor , dig out sheave of paper . they spill toward Aaron , a flood of paper -- --drawing of godzilla . hundred . Aaron and marty sift through they , move carefully to not step on they . junji speak excitedly ; marty listen , translate for Aaron : marty he say he dream of it . remember storey from he grandfather . about the people before people . story about -- junji hold up a draw . paint on it be the three japanese katakana character for godzilla . junji gojira . marty whip out a pda , write down the name . aaron have we ever index that name ? marty no -- wait , yes ... in 1928 , atkinson translate the character as ... godzilla -- he cut himself off . a particular draw have catch he eye . he kneel beside it , stare . Aaron join he . it be a painting . a _gryphon , curl into a fetal position , in a mound beneath the earth . godzilla breathe fire on it . marty the adversary ? Aaron nod , pick it up -- suddenly , two uniform policeman burst into the cottage . they move toward Aaron and marty , who back away . Aaron fold the paper , slip it into he pocket . junji , panicked , crawl , pick up he drawing , hold they to he chest . a doctor and several attendant enter . 18 . 20 doctor ( to Aaron ) you be trespasp . and you have upset my patient . ( in japanese ) ( be : the drawing ) he should not have this . the attendant begin gather up the drawing . aaron you can not take that away -- the police escort Aaron and marty roughly to the door -- ext . mori ogai care institute - ground - evening outside , agent Pike stand , flanke by he agent . he flash he credential at Aaron : pike Pike , National Security Council . you will want to come with we . ( to the police ) thank you , gentleman . we will take they from here . aaron ( to marty ) do I call you paranoid ? I apologize . the attendant escort junji away . junji twist free . in break English , to Aaron : junii I be not a crazy who see thing -- ( beat ) I be crazy because of what I see ! Aaron regards he . the two man lock eye . aaron I believe you . junji look relieved . his mouth tremble into a slight smile , grateful for be believe . Aaron and marty be escort away . junji sadly , resignedly , watch they go . ext . traveller , utah - day a sign read : ' now enter / now leave Traveller Utah welcome and good-bye . ' along the bottom it proclaim : ' visit the 21 glisten cave --guaranteed 30 degree cooler ! " 19 . a batter pickup with full gun rack roll past . a border collie ride happily in the back on bale of hay . fade up title : traveller , utah - southwest UNITED states the pickup pull up at a gas station / cafe , next to a sheriff 's 4x , two ranch hand , JOHN and stu , get out . the collie jump down . sniff the air , head out toward the road . stu hold it a second . he pause in front of the truck , light up a pall mall . JOHN ( a old complaint ) goddammit , stu , when you gonna quit ? ( stu ignore he ) and be not you suppose to smoke after you eat ? stu take a satisfy drag , grin . stu it 's whatcha call a appetizer . the collie suddenly stop . make a low growl toward the sky . then it start to howl -- ext . utah - desert - various - day grazing horse raise they head , look around , nervous . vulture on a gnarled branch edge sideways , then swoop away . a crawl lizard stop , tilt its head . a coyote howl . a snake coil defensively . a mountain lion leap atop a rock outcropping , survey the desert floor . then , suddenly startle , it crouch down , look up over its shoulder -- angle - the SUN , huge , blaze , blindingly white . at its center , barely noticeable at first , be a tiny black dot ... grow larger as it 22 approach . soon it eclipse the sun ... it be a alien probe , hurtle toward we , take we into darkness -- the coyote back up several step . the horse move closer together , rub past each other , spook . the lizard scurries away -- in the sky , the alien probe roar , a ball of FIRE now as it rip through the air downward -- 20 . the horse bolt . the Mountain lion snarl -- ext . lake apopka - utah - day a quiet , remote lake . on the surface be the reflection of the approach probe . it grow larger -- -- and then the alien probe slam into the lake ; ton of water be displace . the rest hiss , boil , churn upwards into a curtain of steam . nearby treetop explode into flame -- ext . arctic outpost - day wind-blown snow wash across the familiar icy landscape . a soldier trudge toward one of a cluster of shack that sit at the edge of the gape crevice of godzilla 's womb . suddenly a low rumble build to a deep , rending grinding SOUND . the soldier turn : in the distance a pillar of light shoot toward the sky . the light emerge from a huge crack in the ice . a glowing chamber push up , cut through the ice . it be dome-shape , a series of huge bubbles arrange in the regular / irregular pattern of a mandlebrot equation . the soldier back away from it ... turn and run toward a low building -- so fast he slip , fall hard on the ice . he get up , pull open the door -- int . arctic outpost - communications room - day the soldier flip on the radio , grab the mic . soldier nome , this be outpost 42 - - come in ! Jesus , come in -- 23 the radio emit a high - pitched squeal . he click the dial ; the squeal cover all channel -- ext . traveller , utah - day in the cafe window , the corner- mount television flip to static . we hear the same high - pitched squeal . outside , the collie dart between John 's leg , under the pickup . cigarette smoke drift toward John ; he wave at it . JOHN have not you ever hear of second - hand smoke ? 21 . stu yeah , you ever hear of a second - hand ass-kick ? that 's when I think about hit you so hard , you feel it -- whack ! suddenly , for no apparent reason , John be knock flat . stu stare . stu huh . guess I be not kid . JOHN what the hell hit I ? stu look , point : a mangle frog , daze , lie beside John . stu someone shot a frog at you . bang ! another frog bounce off the roof of the truck . another one slap down onto the street . stu shit -- they be shootin ' frog at both of we ! and then come the deluge : rain , frog and fish pour down from the darken sky . they bang off the corrugate tin roof of the cafe . the 4x 's siren light bar shatter . stu and John leap into the pickup . 24 the sheriff exit the cafe , hand on gun . a roly - poly waitress follow . they stare as : frog and fish plummet , break windshield . electricity crackle as telephone wire be snap . beneath the pickup the frighten collie look out at the madness . waitress like in the bible ... a plague be be visit on we . it 's a sign of the millennium ... on a store porch , nelson fleer appear . the sign above advertise : wilderness guide / cave dive / prospect / Nelson fleer , prop . a tall , athletic man , fleer carry a dive tank in one hand , a wrench in the other . the rain of frog and fish slowly abate . the sheriff move into the street , hand still on he gun , peer warily up at the sky , and step gingerly . Fish gasp and flop . some frog twitch , the less mangle one try to hop . fleer damn . I hate weird shit . 22 . he see a dead frog on the rail . flick it ; it flop to the ground . a final glance at the sky , then fleer duck inside . waitress ( start to pray ) oh , God . grant we strength to overcome we sin that displease you ... sheriff ( a sigh ) grant we strength to clean this mess up . a squish as he misstep . he lift he leg to check the bottom of he shoe , curse . int . jetliner - lounge - in flight - day Aaron and marty wait in the plush lounge , uncomfortable . special agent Pike enter , extend a thick file . pike here . you be to familiarize 25 yourself with this material . puzzle , Aaron take the file . on the front be a logo : a armored gauntlet hold a sword . emblazon with the word sT. GEORGE project . stamped top secret . Aaron open the folder . his eye widen . marty lean in , over he shoulder -- the first page be a photo of godzilla 's head as he be find , half - bury in ice . a bio -suite figure give it scale . Aaron flip back to the cover . aaron the St. George Project ? grinning , Pike tilt he head , crack he neck . pike Mr. vaught , you government would like to offer you a job . int . ST. GEORGE project - conference room - day imbedd in a conference table be the gauntlet - and -sword logo of the St. George Project . Aaron 's book ' the waking Dragon ' be toss , land on the logo . ed this be unacceptable . it 's ... it 's ... a insult to the work that we have do . 23 . fade up title : fort tuscarora , massachusett headquarters , the ST . GEORGE project admiral timothy benedek sit at the head of the table . his deep - carve laugh line contrast with he razor cut bear . benedek concern have be raise about the lack of result . I cut a deal to keep you funding . ed , a scientist wear trademark white T-shirt , lean back from the table , frustrated . ed ( spit out the word ) Politics . benedek you feeling , Dr. llewellyn ? at the far end of the table , a figure sit in shadow , hide from view . the figure stand into the light -- -- and we reveal not keith llewellyn , as expect , but he wife , Jill . the time pass have not diminish the passion in she , but event have darken it , give it a steely edge . jill if he 's be groom for my job , I want to know it . benedek vaught will start in a advisory role . if that get result , there will not be need for any further change . Jill consider this . jill I will think about it . benedek think fast -- he 's on he way . ext . fort tuscarora - ST . GEORGE project - day Pike put he palm on a palm -lock , peer into a retina scanner . Aaron and marty glance at each other nervously . door lock unclamp . Pike step through -- 24 , int . ST . GEORGE project - situation room - day Aaron and marty follow Pike into the situation room . Glass wall surround a combination of mission control and a science lab . marty look out through the glass , gasp -- the glass building sit inside a larger structure which contain a huge water - filled tank , stretch off into the distance , the size of a small lake . Pike see they look at it , explain : pike 26 to store the beastie - - if we ever find it . ( grin ) Dr. llewellyn call it the dissection tank -- at the far end of the room , Jill burst through a door , angry . benedek follow she . benedek the man have draw some correct conclusion -- jill he 's make lucky guess . Aaron vaught be no scientist . he 's a folklorist who believe in the lose continent of atlantis . he 's a crackpot . benedek he 's a popular crackpot . the President have read that book -- Jill speak to benedek , oblivious to Aaron 's presence : jill listen . vaught want to ... to collect this thing . to index it . to write book about it and earn lecture fee talk about it and pose for goddamn photo with it . ( fierce ) I just want to kill it . so you see , there be a conflict . aaron hi. ( Jill glance at he ) I be Aaron vaught . maybe you have read my book ..? Jill regards he . lock eye with benedek . adamant : 25 . jill that creature kill dozen of people -- include my husband . we mission stay the same . we find it -- and then we kill it . 28 this point be not negotiable . benedek nod . benedek you mission have not change . a videophone near Ed chime . he answer it . ed I think it 's for you . he turn the phone to Jill . on screen : a military police officer , wear a white mp helmet and a scowl . Jill roll she eye . she know what its about . jill Tina . ( to the phone ) I be on my way . she exit , push past Aaron . he watch she go , then benedek hand he the copy of he book . benedek here . the President ask if you would sign this for he ..? Aaron take the book , a little shell - shocked . int . security office - night Standard issue office , standard issue desk , standard issue mp lead Jill through the bullpen . mp she be arrest in the motor pool . try to hot - wire a jeep . tina sit in a chair beside a desk . tina I have get to remember : red wire to green wire . she be sixteen now , grunge clothes , hair buzz - cut on one side . but the camouflage do not quite hide the bright , attractive young woman she really be . mp if she continue to be ... unmanageable , you and she will be expell from base housing . 26 . jill I think that 's she plan . int . car - night Jill wind the car through clone-identical base housing . tina there be nothing here for I , mom . just a bunch of grunt and egghead . no offense . jill ( icy ) none take . tina you should let I go live with aunt Julia -- jill I be not have this argument again . this be where my job be . ergo , this be where you be . tina I be sick of this place ! I be sick of army brat and the mps and the px ... and I be sick of green . there be not even a mall anywhere nearby ... jill oh , as though you be go to go hang at a mall . tina ( smile ) well ...okay . right on that . she regards Jill , consider something . proceed warily . tina but ... I be not just think of I . I be really not . I be ... I be worried about you , mom . Jill glance at she . this be of real concern to Tina . tina I think you need to get out of this place , too . I do not think its good for you . 29 30 she gauge Jill 's reaction . so far , so good . take a deep breath , plunge ahead : 27 . tina ever since dad die , you have ... you change , okay ? maybe we do not always get along , but -- jill do not pursue this , Tina . and do not blame we difficulty on ... on that . tina I be not ! jeez , you can not even talk about it . obviously a vulnerable spot for Jill . she look away . a long silence in the car . they both stare out the front windshield . tear well up in Tina 's eye . Jill pull the car up into the driveway of they house . Tina let out a loud sob , surprising Jill , and bolt from the car . Jill climb out quickly , call after she -- jill Tina ! Tina -- Tina pause on the porch -- and then Jill 's beeper shriek . she check it . Tina wait on the porch , arm fold . jill I have get to go . she climb back in the car , back out of the drive . tina quell surprise . the car 's headlight sweep across Tina , and then she be alone on the darken porch . ext . lake apopka - underwater - day fade up title : lake apopka ten mile northwest of traveller , utah 31 the alien probe descend into frame , its smooth metal - chrome surface slice easily through the water . ahead be a submerge cave open . we follow as the probe be swallow into darkness -- int . bat cavern - day dim light filter down . Water lap against a underground sandy shore . the alien probe rise though the murky depth -- 28. -- and break the surface of the water . several bat , startle , fly past , circle the cavern . angle - ceiling , where hundred and hundred of bat hang , crawl over each other , emit a occasional squeak and flutter . in the water , the alien probe rotate , as if target the bat . suddenly the probe erupt -- silvery cable explode out from the probe in all direction . a bat be ensnare in by a cable . the bat struggle , wing flail , screeching . there be the sound of searing flesh -- across the cavern , another bat be take . then another . screeching and flapping , the bat fly , panicked . one bat head toward light at the ceiling , soar toward freedom -- it be snare by a cable . more bat be take , and more , building up to -- angle - the cavern , completely cover , overrun by the liquid - chrome cable , a complex three - dimensional web . the bat be absorb by the cable , they mass suck toward the center of the web -- -- where something grow . roughly five foot tall , we can just begin to see bat-like feature -- ext . utah - upper cave mouth - day a narrow crevice on the face of a cliff , high above the devastate lake . something -- many somethings -- sail out into the sky , twelve - foot wingspan just clear the open . giant horror , mutate from bat by the alien probe -- 32 the probe - bat sweep out across the land , hunt ... ext . arctic - sky - day a transport plane drop out of dense cloud , bank in a long slow curve over the remain of godzilla 's womb site -- int . transport plane - in flight - day out the window the horizon tilt as the plane bank . Aaron , marty , Jill and Ed on board . Aaron crane to see-- approach below they be the irregular large sphere of the new cavern . aaron that 's the source of the radio burst ? 29 , ed ( nod ) worldwide interference , narrowing down to a single directional band -- jill ( see it ) my God . that whole structure be not there before -- ext . arctic - sky - day the transport plane disappear into low cloud -- ext . arctic - outpost - day wind blow loose snow . silhouettes of Aaron and marty appear , wear heavy military parkas . they follow Jill , ahead of they , to the edge of godzilla 's womb . Jill pause , look down . her eye be distant , remember -- this be where she husband die . Aaron and marty wait . Aaron shiver , shake he head . aaron I hate cold weather . he 's unknowingly strike a nerve . Jill shoot a look at he . 33 jill my apology for you discomfort , Mr. vaught . we can return you to a warmer clime , if you like . she do not wait for a answer , climb down into the womb . int . womb cavern - day the group be escort by a burly french scientist . ahead , rope ladder have be strung up toward a dark crevice . scientist entrance to the new cavern be above that outcropping , there -- Jill spot something , kneel . a rivulet of red / black amniotic fluid ooze from of a nearby fissure . Army personnel collect it in large yellow canister . scientist it start flow at the same time the new cavern appear . marty what be it ? 30 . scientist same stuff the original team find . like amniotic fluid -- jill send it south for testing . I want to know if it be the same . she look over , notice Aaron stare at a crumpled , fold paper : junji 's draw . he look from it to the cavern . aaron ( to himself ) ... the adversary ? jill Aaron ? will you share with the rest of the class ? aaron hm ? oh ...uh ... it 's common in mythology for ( shrug ; forges ahead ) for the great dragon to have opponent ... adversary . sometimes it 's a sun-king , sometimes another monster -- ( for instance ) in the Bible , leviathan and behemoth -- marty right . so we figure , if godzilla exist -- jill you have give it a name ? marty we find out its name . ( beat ) so -- if godzilla exist ... then where be its adversary ? marty 's eye drift upward , over to the dark entrance of the new cavern . Jill roll she eye , grab a biohazard suit -- int . womb cavern - new cavern entrance - day Jill pull herself up over a final rise -- and she eye widen . the entrance of the newly -discover ' cave ' be almost perfectly round . Inside , the wall be finely - texture and greenish color , similar to godzilla 's skin . 31 . Aaron and marty , wear biohazard suit , climb up , gawk at the structure . Jill pull she protective hood on , step forward . there 's a dark , flaky substance around the edge of the entrance . she shine she flashlight onto it , frown jill organic matter , dehydrated , petrify -- aaron a doorway , maybe ? or what 's leave of one . a organic doorway . Aaron take she flashlight , push past , into the cavern . Jill raise a eyebrow at he , follow . 34 int . new cavern - day dim , otherworldly . Aaron shine the light . the wall be green and blue , delicate line run throughout like root or vein -- but too symmetrical to be natural . very weird . aaron ( hushed ) this entire structure seem organic -- ( a insight ) hey ... remember junji 's grandfather 's storey ? the " people before people ?! marty right -- aaron imagine a civilization without mechanical technology ... but they do have a organic technology . bio-construct , genetic engineering -- marty yeah , yeah ! there would not be any relic or evidence of it -- it would all decay -- aaron except this place . this place be ... special , somehow . Jill stare at they . Jill take jill you do not go in for empiricism at all , do you ? 32 . aaron what ? the flashlight back , start deeper into the cavern . jill you spout stuff like that , huge leap of logic , a total guess , and in you mind , it 's already true . 35 aaron it 's not just a ' guess . ' you extrapolate from know -- jill you guess . admit it . aaron you search for the underlying pattern -- jill you guess . she turn she back on he , head deeper into the cavern . Aaron grin at she . aaron yeah , well , I be a good guesser int . new cavern - passageway - day marty , breathe a little hard , follow behind Jill and Aaron . he stumble . Inside he protective hood , he visor be fogging up . he try to rub it through the material , can not . ahead , he hear Jill and Aaron gasp . aaron ( 0.s. ) wow ... marty hurry forward , emerge out into -- int . new cavern - innermost chamber - day a bizarre sight . row of round , cauliflower - shape object hang down from the ceiling a few foot over they head . also green in color , shot through with a complex blue structure . marty breathes out hard through he nose . the visor defog briefly -- then immediately re-fog jill so , vaught ... where be we now ? Aaron consider . suddenly we CUT to : 33. 36 37 high angle - looking down , on Jill , Aaron and marty . it 's a surveillance - type angle , the sudden shift in perspective create the feel that something be watch they . aaron I wonder ... this structure appear -- then it signal we to let we know its here ... ( chase a idea ) godzilla be discover accidentally ... maybe prematurely ? marty we be suppose to find this first ... marty give up -- he want to see . he pull up he hood briefly to wipe the visor -- suddenly , shockingly we shoot down toward marty -- close , toward he neck , under the hood , toward he eye -- into a microcosmic landscape , we be the p.o.v. of whatever be watch they . when marty lift he hood , it attack . we -- and it -- move through this bizarre , truly alien world . Hair follicle -- marty 's eyelash -- loom above , big as tree . ahead be the colorful , beautiful cornea -- move in closer still , into the realm of the electron microscope . the cornea be a landscape of individual cell -- -- and now we see the thing , as it move ahead , into frame . it be a alien object , microscopic in size , of course , but in this world loom large as a jetliner -- it be spiral shape , shiny -- it could be a organism , or a machine -- the alien object suddenly dive down , twist , burrow through the microfilement of a cell , into marty' eye , past the retina , plunge into the optic nerve -- back to scene as marty lower the flap of he hood . the foray into the microcosmic world have last just a few second . marty drop to one knee , blink . aaron you okay ? 38 34 , marty ( nod he 's all right ) something in my eye . aaron so if we find this before godzilla - - this could be here to give we information about godzilla . jill so what you be say be ... this be the owner 's manual ? aaron well , that make it sound a little silly ... but , yeah . Jill shake she head . start back up the tunnel . jill keep guess , Aaron ... that 's you be here for . int . womb cavern - day Aaron , Jill and marty climb out . Jill pause , survey the strange dome of the new structure . marty pull a canteen from he belt , begin to drink . jill we be definitely bring here . the question still be , why ? she look at Aaron for a answer . he have none . she head toward the outpost structure . Aaron turn to follow . marty be still drink -- aaron marty -- c'mon , get a move on . marty have drain the canteen . he let the empty canteen fall to the ground . wipe he mouth , lick he lip -- he 's still thirsty . ext . utah - ranch - day fade up title : quincy ranch , outside traveller , utah 39 the buz of fly . at the edge of a stream , several cow lie dead , mutilate . a single calf bleat , tremble , stand next to the remain of its mother . a vulture flutter down , gnaw at a nearby corpse . the calf bleat again . 35 . in the brush nearby , we become aware of a mountain lion , crouch , stalking forward -- nine foot and three hundred pound of muscle . it be focus on -- the calf . unaware , it let out another bleat . the Mountain lion tense , ready to spring -- suddenly a dark shape sweep down , attack the lion : one of the probe - bat . the lion snarl and roar . the predator have become prey , fight for its life -- the vulture flap its wing , try to lift off -- a probe - bat streak by and the vulture be go -- another probe - bat dive toward the Mountain lion , razore tooth bare in its muzzle -- the lion scream , leap , bring the probe - bat down . but two more attack , claw slashing the flank of the big cat -- more bat , and the lion be overcome . several probe-bat latch onto it , lift it into the air . they merge with it , talon of the probe-bat melting into the body of the Mountain lion . they carry it up , across the stream , the cat 's blood run from its wound into the water . at the water 's edge , still tremble , be the calf . it let out a final bleat . the stream flow past , the Mountain lion 's blood stain it red . ext . pacific ocean - day sunlight glare off still water . Three small fishing boat -- Larry , moe , and curly , Seattle registry -- swelter in the heat , net winched up on they boom . fade up title : pacific ocean - 159:30 lat , 28 long the engine of the curly crank over , will not catch . Black 40 smoke pour from the open engine compartment . the captain of the fleet gesture to cut it . captain my dear old ex- wife Sally musta strike some kinda deal with God to screw I so royal ... crewman Captain ! ( point northwest ) what 's that ? the Captain look northwest . squint . a second crewman wear a pair of binocular around he neck . the Captain jerk he over , put the binoc to he eye . 36 . p.o.v. , the captain - through binoculars : on the horizon , the sea have turn to molten silver , sunlight glint off of something , a million bright sparkles , racing toward they . the Captain 's mouth drop open . he lower the binoc . captain ( a near - whisper ) ..- net in ... ( find he voice ) nets in ! nets in ! he leap to the winch , start cranking down the net . look back to the horizon -- the sparkles draw closer -- shout from the boat crew as they realize what it be -- -- fish , million of they , all swim towards the southeast , churn through the water , turn it a glitter silver . a ichthyic stampede . the boat have net in the water as the live wave hit -- underwater , all size , all variety of fish slam into the net . predator and prey , small and large , they be press tight by more fish come from behind . the net tear in place ; some fish burst through -- above , the net go teach , fill quickly . the boat be buffete . they jerk around , yank along by the momentum of the onslaught of fish , tipping to netside . 41 captain haul , man ! she do not get no pull with the good Lord after all ! the crew , whooping and hollering , haul the net up , spilling tide of fish -- tuna , yellowtail , snapper , some dolphin -- across the deck . more fish leap aboard of they own volition , try desperately to outrace something . net still in the water pull the boat along , the filament screamingly taut -- Larry 's net rip open , the boat rock back . on the curly , the winch creak , groan -- snap off , take a crewman over the side -- he scream as racing body slam into he , the torrent of fish overwhelming he , carry he under and away -- -- and then , just as quickly as it begin ... ... the onslaught be over . the fish be past , disappear to the southeast . the water empty , go from silver to blue . the moe 's crew pull in a last netfull of fish . the Larry 's net hang limp . the deck of all three boat be pile high with flopping , squirming fish . 37 . and then the crewman spot something to the northwest , the direction the fish come from -- crewman Captain -- ( he point ) more fish ? the Captain look -- something else be come at they , move fast just beneath the surface . the water be humped , crest over the huge shape -- godzilla , do forty knot . second crewman tidal wave ! it 's a tidal wave ! other crewmen see it , point , shouting -- captain get the engine start ! let 's get out of here ! he see the open engine compartment , tool and part scattered 42 around . realize there 's no escape -- captain ( a scream to the heaven ) sally , you bitch ! --the crest of water hit the fleet , toss the little boat , capsize the moe immediately , slamm the Larry and curly together almost comically . crewmen go overboard as plank give way and sea water fountain up through the deck . the wake be just as turbulent . Men disappear beneath the white water . the Larry go belly - up . curly list sixty - degree -- and the fish slide from the deck , back into the water , and they swim for it , disappear into the black depth ... dissolve to : int . arctic outpost - communications room - day a comm officer hand Jill a headset . Aaron right behind she , but pointedly ignore . marty stand at a water cooler , fill and drink a cup of water incessantly . comm officer I have get the u.s.s . Idaho , part of the rescue team -- jill yes ...yes ... how many ship ? 38 . comm officer we have get video -- a video screen flash to life , show the rescue ship communication room . a young lieutenant speak into camera . lieutenant ( filter ) -- must have be at least three boat to begin with , I would guess . just piece leave now . jill any eyewitness ? lieutenant 43 ( filter ) yeah , a couple , ' cept they do not make any sense -- suddenly the audio drop out . the Lieutenant be still on screen , he lip move , but no sound . comm officer we have lose audio . ( beat ) I can patch in through the ham . there will be a delay -- jill do it . the comm Officer be already do it . switch be flip , dial turn -- and the audio be back . ( with the radio audio delay , the Lieutenant 's lip do not sync - - we tribute to dub godzilla film of year past . ) lieutenant ( filter ) -- report a tidal wave . another describe it as a creature , like a dragon . ' it come up from beneath we , ' he say ... the audio crackle . Jill look at Aaron . could it be ? lieutenant ( filter ) ... too big to be a whale -- some say it have arm and leg . right now we be not sure just what we be deal with ... the audio fade out . the comm Officer work to get it back . aaron godzilla . 39 . jill it have to be . marty suddenly think of something he need to say . he take a step toward Aaron and Jill -- -- and collapse against the water cooler , knock it over . the water bottle bounce , clatter on the floor -- completely empty . 44 aaron marty ! ( rush to he ) get a doctor , quick ! int . geodesic dome - infirmary - day marty be wheeled in , a medic examine he . a nurse apply chemical heat pad to marty 's hand and foot . marty I just need a glass of water ... aaron can we get he to better facility ? medic do not worry . we will handle it . the nurse tug away marty 's jacket -- gasp , drop the jacket . marty 's shoulder be swollen , he collarbone distend grotesquely . the medic turn , look . the bone in marty 's shoulder move with a life of they own . they shift , reposition themselves under marty 's skin . the medic 's eye go wide . medic Holy Christ . ( back to business ) once he 's stabilize , uh , let 's get he to better facility -- ext . arctic outpost - airfield - day marty , on a stretcher , be load into the cargo bay of a C - 130 . Aaron help . behind marty be yellow canister -- fluid from godzilla 's womb . marty so ... you think it 's really godzilla ? ( Aaron nod ) man ... I wish I could see it . 40 . 45 Aaron clasp he hand . aaron if I meet he , I will tell them you say 'hi . ' marty manage a weak smile . medic ( to Aaron ) exit the craft , sir . Aaron hop down from the cargo bay . look in -- close on - marty , as the cargo door slide shut . the engine whine as they start up . Jill step up next to Aaron , put a hand on he shoulder . jill it 's be sighted again . a direction 's be establish , and they be predict a destination -- aaron where ? Jill turn she head away from the engine . she have to shout over the noise : jill San Francisco . ext . pacific ocean - day aerial view of cruise ship , majestic , cut across the sea , wake spread out behind it . deck crowded with tourist . a huge , shadowy shape overtake the liner , pass beneath it : godzilla . the liner be rock by the monster 's passage . dissolve to : ext . golden gate bridge - fort point - day fade up title : fort point , san francisco the Golden Gate Bridge . beneath it sit Fort Point . heavy artillery be be deploy . a state of siege . a jeep pull up . Jill and Aaron , still dress for the Arctic , hop out . 41 . int . fort point - command CENTER - day the high - tech command post . large view screen dominate the room . Admiral benedek be there , and so be Pike . Jill hurry in , Aaron in she wake . jill what 's its latest position ? benedek it 's twenty mile from the battle group . they will have it in visual range soon . aaron godzilla . jill ( off benedek 's look ) that 's what he 's call it . aaron ( nod ) godzilla . pike why do not you two sit over there ? Jill and Aaron look at the chair , glance at each other . jill I will stand . aaron ( be : the battle group ) do you think that 's enough firepower ? on screen : a aerial view of the Pacific Ocean . a battle group dot the water -- two destroyer , two frigate , two attack sub , two blue ridge class vessel , two avenger class warfare ship . attack helicopter circle the ship . pike do not worry . it will do the job . ext . pacific ocean - day chopper rise from the deck of a ship . gun be uncover . train on target . rocket launcher be lock into position . 46 47 the submarine madison and Lafayette plow through the wave . ext . u.s.s. saratoga - day a lieutenant approach the commander , who survey the ocean with binocular . 42 . lieutenant Sir , the chopper have spot it . int . fort point - command CENTER - day ops officer message from the Saratoga - - they have spot it ! on screen : the view shift , show the oncoming monster . a dark shape beneath the water , move fast . Jill and Aaron look , share almost the same reaction : part amazement , part fear , part satisfaction . they have both wait a long time ... but Jill 's fist be clench . her eye narrow . benedek the commander may fire at he discretion . aaron ( softly , quote ) ' now shall hard edge , hand and blade , do battle for the hoard . ' jill what 's that ? aaron from beowulf . his speech before he battle the dragon . pike do he win ? aaron yes ... but it cost he he army and he life . jill ( dryly ) inspirational . on screen : Pov of a helicopter pilot as he craft skim over water -- int . first attack helicopter - day as pilot and co-pilot scan the ocean . they spot -- godzilla 's dorsal rise and fall , break the surface . pilot target lock . 43. ext . u.s.s. saratoga - day lieutenant they have acquire the target . commander Fire . int . first attack helicopter - day as the pilot fire -- ext . pacific ocean - sky - day missile streak away from the helicopter , toward the move shape -- they find they target . plume of water rise up -- another barrage be fire . more explosion . the shape be go . int . first attack helicopter - day attack pilot Son of a bitch -- do we get it ? attack co- pilot I think we sink it ! ext . pacific ocean - day godzilla erupt from the water , directly in the helicopter 's path -- 48 fighter 1 evasive ! evasive ! godzilla breathes FIRE -- the flame engulf the cockpit . the helicopter explode . ext . u.s.s. saratoga - day commander what ... the hell ... be that ? ext . pacific ocean - day the second attack helicopter bank away . godzilla watch it . it bank to attack -- godzilla dive forward , he arm sweeping up -- he grab the helicopter out of the sky . hurl it away . it skip across the ocean and explode . 44 , godzilla roar ... and keep come . int . fort point - command CENTER - day the room be quiet . all be stunne at what just happen . jill my God ... aaron ( hushed ) what 's that thing make of ? pike let 's open he up and find out . benedek order the madison and the Lafayette to engage . ext . pacific ocean - day the madison and Lafayette submerge . the avenger- class ship open fire . missile arc across the sky 49 rain down on godzilla . explosion all along he back . godzilla submerges again . ext . pacific ocean - underwater - day the madison move silently through the water . int . madison - day the bridge . the crew be crisp , calm . FIRE control we have a fire solution , sir . captain Fire . ext . pacific ocean - underwater - day torpedoes away . they lock onto godzilla , gain from behind -- --impact ! the torpedoe detonate , explode on he back fin . a beat . and then -- godzilla 's head come around slowly . his eye lock on the sub . he scowl even more than usual . he 's piss . he twist , reverse direction . charge straight at the sub -- 45 . int . madison - bridge - day sonar Captain ! it 's come at we ! captain surface ! blow the ballast tank ! ext . pacific ocean - underwater - day -- as the madison 's ballast tank evacuate . the sub rise , hard - angle for the surface -- -- godzilla pass through the space the sub occupy second before , a bull just miss a matador -- 50 int . madison - bridge - day captain thank the lord ... sonar ( panicked ) Captain ! there 's something above we ! there 's no more time for prayer -- ext . pacific ocean - day -- the madison surface , burst from the water -- -- and ram the second destroyer at midship . a colossal wave wash across the bridge of the sarasota . the second destroyer be capsize . ext . pacific ocean - underwater - day the Lafayette be between godzilla and the surface . as he swim past , he almost nonchalantly reach out -- his massive claw tear the Lafayette 's hull open -- int . lafayette - day as the claw rip through the hull , water spilling in . the crew scramble for emergency station -- ext . pacific ocean - day godzilla surface , almost seem to regard the havoc he 's cause with pride . he breathes FIRE . a tongue of flame , nearly white - hot , stab out at the capsize destroyer , hit it midship -- 46 . the hull melt . the explosion be spectacular . his path clear , godzilla continue on he way , leave behind the battle group . int . fort point - command CENTER - day Jill , benedek , Pike stare at the screen . Aaron move on shaky leg to the chair he be offer earlier . 51 52 jill it really do breathe fire ... benedek ( a hoarse whisper ) contact Air - Sea rescue ... let 's get as many of that man back as we can ... Pike stare at the monitor ... -- and at godzilla , still head for San Francisco . int . fort pike it 's fifty mile from the San Francisco ... it will be here in a hour . ( ominously ) we option be limited . point - command CENTER - day Aaron peer at one of the monitor , at a still frame of godzilla breathe fire . behind he , Jill , benedek and Pike be in conference with several uniform official . Jill look benedek goddammit , Pike -- if we go nuclear , with the wind and current , even we smallest yield device could irradiate the coast -- pike and that thing would be dead . any additional loss of life or property would be acceptable . troubled -- she almost agree with Pike . aaron you know , he 's not really breathe fire . they look over at he . he indicate the monitor . aaron see ... the flame start a couple of meter from godzilla 's mouth ... 47 . the other join he , peer at the screen . benedek it look like you be right . so ? aaron he 's exhaling something so hot its actually ionize the oxygen molecule ... jill again ... so ? Aaron be distract , a idea try to break through . aaron give godzilla 's size and speed , the amount of energy he expend , he must have a very different metabolism from most large creature . a body chemistry that would let he eat relatively little ... and breathe superheate steam ( figure it out ) like a nuclear reactor . a biological fusion reactor . jill you have get to be kid . aaron no , that 's it . I will bet a year 's royalty from my book that some of that wreckage be radioactive . the ops Officer look up from she post , startle . ops officer that 's right . the rescue team have report higher - than -normal radiation count . Aaron smile , nodd . pike well , that 's just fascinating , vaught . Aaron 's satisfied smile disappear . aaron listen --somehow , godzilla be in that womb for a long time . something must have function like control rod ... and then the light go on Jill 's eye . 48. jill the fluid . aaron ( get she meaning ) yes ... benedek what ? jill we always assume the fluid be use for life support . but what if it 's not ? what if it 's actually ... ( search for a term ) aaron a atomic tranquilizer . jill well , that make it sound a little silly ... but , yeah . aaron there be barrel of that stuff on the transport with we ... jill yes ... aaron if we can administer it -- jill maybe even overdose he -- aaron how do we administer it ? they have leave the other in the room in the dust . jill it 's get to be transdermal ... he must have absorb it directly through he skin ... aaron 54 wait a second . who 's guess now ? he be float in that stuff ... maybe he have to breath it for it to be effective -- jill ( shake she head ) transdermal . I will bet you that year 's royalty double or nothing . 49 , benedek one problem , people . the delivery system . be you go to be out there with a hose when godzilla come swim into the Bay ? Jill get a faraway look in she eye . jill if it come to that ... ext . pacific ocean - underwater - day there be a above surface splash -- then something be fall past we in a trail of bubbles . it slow . stop . a depth charge . one of a line , extend across a underwater channel . close it off . we surface -- ext . pacific ocean - day medfly spraying helicopter skim above the water . behind they , the Golden Gate Bridge span the mouth of the bay . it be jamme with abandon car and truck . ext . golden gate bridge - day a truck towing a artillery cannon shove its way through park car , move the cannon into place . Aaron watch the soldier prepare it . int . fort point - command CENTER - day on a tv screen : the Golden Gate Bridge , artillery in place , now backdrop to a remote stand - up news report . 55 56 reporter ( filter ) the reason for all the activity be still unknown . there 's speculation that a nuclear power sub have become disabled in the Bay . but again -- that 's just rumor ... Jill and benedek watch the report . the reporter be replace by video of people be evacuate by National guardsman . reporter ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) community surround the Golden Gate Bridge and the Bay have be order evacuate ... 50 . ops officer they have spot he ! she tap some button . on the main screen , a satellite image appear : San Francisco Bay , the Golden Gate Bridge ... and godzilla , head for it . benedek start spraying . ext . pacific ocean - day the helicopter begin spraying , coating the water with red -black amniotic fluid . int . fort point - command CENTER - day Pike watch the monitor . crack he neck . pike c'mon , you bastard ... where be the depth charge ? he should be hit they ... ext . pacific ocean - day the water erupt as a charge go off . then another . another . a chain of explosion , near the bridge . int . fort point - command CENTER - day pike that 's better . Jill speak into a mic . jill Aaron , you ought to get out of there . ext . golden gate bridge - day aaron ( into radio ) on my way . but he pause -- past the spraying helicopter , he can see the explosion from the depth charge . godzilla be come . jill ( filter ) any more inspirational word ? 51 . aaron ( think ) " it be not strength that always win / for wit doth strength excel . ' from the ballad of the Dragon of wantley . int . fort point - command CENTER - day Jill and benedek exchange a glance . jill not bad ... ops officer the depth charge be drive he to the surface ! ext . pacific ocean - day 57 58 more charge detonate in sequence , near the area the helicopter be spraying . godzilla break the surface with a roar . int . spraying helicopter - day pilot oh , man . no way . he bank he helicopter . godzilla be almost directly beneath he . the pilot pull a lever -- ext . pacific ocean - day the entire content of the helicopter tank dump onto godzilla , a torrent of fluid . godzilla roar and dive . charge explode . the other spraying helicopter keep up the onslaught , chase the string of explosion . godzilla resurface ... right in the red-black amniotic fluid slick . it coat he as he swim through it . ext . golden gate bridge - day a artillery soldier listen to a radio . artillery soldier we have get the fire order . we have get to keep it in the fluid as long as possible . 52 . aaron let 's hope it do not just piss he off . the artillery soldier give he a glance , turn to he job . ext . pacific ocean - day Bright orange flash as the artillery gun on the bridge open fire -- explosion as the shell hit . godzilla pull back , into the center of the fluid . he slow . and cry out ... a different 59 sound than he roar . sickly . in pain . ext . golden gate bridge - day Aaron frown . he 's still roote to the spot . ext . pacific ocean - day godzilla growl like a cornere animal . then dive . int . fort point - command CENTER - day lit by the glow of the monitor . pike what happen ? Jill and benedek exchange a glance ... neither venture a guess . ext . golden gate bridge - day Aaron search the ocean . no sign of godzilla . ext . pacific ocean - day the water be still ... the Bridge eerily empty of movement . suddenly godzilla erupt from the water - int . fort point - command CENTER - day godzilla cling to the center support of the bridge , visible through the window . jill damn . 53. ext . golden gate bridge - day Aaron stare in shock . godzilla's head rise over the edge of the bridge -- almost stare at Aaron eye- to -eye . Aaron take a step back . the artillery crew start run . 60 int . fort point - command CENTER - day jill ( into radio ) Aaron -- you idiot ! get out of there ! ext . golden gate bridge - day godzilla bite through several cable . they twang loudly as they snap , and the bridge be wrench . Aaron start run , the foot no longer secure , try to make it past suddenly move car . ext . golden gate bridge - fort point - day Jill run out of the building . she can see godzilla start to climb the central pylon . the bridge be jarre . a car fall from it , into the bay . ext . golden gate bridge - day the bridge groan under godzilla 's weight . godzilla shove himself through the cabling , onto the bridge . artillery gun fire . godzilla cry out , sickly . Aaron run , but the terrain be treacherous . the bridge swing dangerously under godzilla 's weight . Cars fall from it into the bay . godzilla use a cable to pull himself to full height . he roar -- -- and then collapse , fall forward , full onto the bridge -- cable groan --snap . Aaron grab for a handhold -- he swing , be throw like a rag doll , hang on . the Bridge contort , sway ... but it hold . it be a bizarre , surrealistic image : godzilla , one arm hang down , lie still on the Golden Gate Bridge . on the bridge : Aaron continue to clutch he handhold . his radio crackle . 54 . 61 jill ( filter ) Aaron -- Aaron , be you all right ? Aaron fumble for he radio , find it . aaron what a great bridge . godzilla lie before he , vanquish . int . church - traveller , utah - morning well - attend with townsfolk . the waitress from the diner sit in the front pew . color light from a huge stain glass window backlight the reverend . Gray hair , very distinguished , very fire - and -brimstone - - and really wail : reverend ' his breath kindleth coal , and a flame goeth out of he mouth . he maketh the deep to boil . when he raiseth himself up the mighty be afraid . the sword of he that layeth at he can not hold ' -- the two ranch hand -- John and stu , last see in the rain of frog -- sit in a pew in the back . they look out of place , but both listen raptly as the reverend continue . unconsciously , stu shake a cigarette out of a pack , put it in he mouth -- JOHN ( a hiss ) you can not smoke in here ! stu look abash . they speak in whisper . stu be awhile since I see the inside of a church . JOHN yeah , well , I figure better safe than sorry . reverend that be the description of the leviathan , as give to we in job 41 ... stu be stricken by a coughing attack , a wet smoker 's hack . the reverend notice . John , embarrassed , edge away from stu. 62 55 . reverend I see some new face today . welcome . in time of trouble , the House of the Lord be indeed a refuge . stu , try to stifle himself , rise from the pew . John shake he head in disgust . JOHN that thing be gonna kill you someday . ext . church - traveller , utah - morning stu exit , still coughing . the church be a white - paint wood box , fairly secluded , tuck into a tree-cover hillside . the pickup truck be park outside . stu notice the border collie , whimper , tie by a leash to the truck . the leash be taut as the collie dig he leg , try to get away . stu what 's the matter , boy ? ( look up at the clear sky ) afraid of get wart ? a mighty pull , and the collie 's head slip out of its collar . it run off . stu curse , chase after it -- int . church - traveller , utah - morning reverend now , why be the Lord tell job this ? the Lord be describe wonder that job be incapable of understanding ... a sudden loud thump , as if something heavy have hit the roof . eye be raise as people scan the ceiling . the reverend ignore it , preaching harder , try to keep they attention : reverend ... so job will realize divine omnipotence and repent ... now there be ominous scrabbling sound , as if several heavy bug be crawl across the roof . nervous murmur in the congregation . 63 reverend ( look up ) the Lord go on to describe a second creature , the behemoth -- 56 . several parishioner shush the reverend , to he surprise . the waitress stand up , panic in she voice : waitress it 's another plague -- locust , or hail . just like the frog -- ( she point ) look at the window ... the reverend turn . behind he , the stain - glass window have be darkened by a shadow . the shadow move , shrink , resolve for just a moment into the shape of a flying bat -- -- and then the stain - glass window shatter as the giant probe - bat crash through , color fragment fly . scream in the church , and pandemonium . above , section of the roof be peel away , and probe-bat drop down -- John , in the back , be first to the door . he pull they open -- and be face - to- face with giant probe-bat . it spread its wing and screech . other churchgoer , panic , stampede out , push John into the creature 's claw -- ext . church - traveller , utah - morning stu drag the collie by the scruff of its neck ; it fight he every step of the way . stu glance up -- and gasp . he let go of the collie ; it bolt away . what stu sees : the church , crawl with the giant probe-bat . one of they lift off from the tear roof , carry a body . another sit on the pickup truck , a dark sentry . it notice stu , spread its wing , lift off -- stu run . ext . utah - wood - morning luck lead stu into a stand of tree , cut he off from the pursue probe-bat -- 64 aerial view - Pov probe - bat as stu race beneath the tree -- stu stumble , fall down a embankment . roll over and over , hit the bottom of the ravine . spot a narrow overhang . climb into it -- eye wide , stu wait , freeze , hold he breath , terrify . a screech come , then a scrabbling sound . a probe - bat have land directly above the overhang . it hunt , scan , listen ... suddenly stu cough . a smoker 's wet hack . 57 . stu slap a hand over he mouth , stifling the cough , but he know . he glance up -- the probe - bat stare down at he from the overhang , grin . ext . utah - wood - morning stu 's scream echoe through the wood , be suddenly cut off . ext . church - traveller , utah - day a Jeep , drive by Nelson fleer , come to a stop on the road near the church . it be laden with gear : tent , prospect tool , dive tank . fleer step out , see - - the waitress stumbling toward he . Beyond she , the church roof be partly tear off . Wood and body be strewn . fleer hurry to the waitress ; she collapse in he arm . ext . church - traveller , utah - day ambulance light flash . body be cover , carry away . the sheriff have a map spread out on the hood of he cruiser . sheriff fleer ! over here . fleer squeeze the waitress 's hand , leave she in the care of a ambulance medic . the sheriff gesture to the map . sheriff right now we be assume a tornado . I need you to round up the other guide , conduct a search in this area . ( grim ) the body have to come down somewhere . fleer nod back toward the waitress . fleer deborah 's go on about some kind of giant bat -- sheriff ( not surprised ) lot of debris swirlin ' around a tornado . it 's characteristic . could have be stuff look like fly goddamn elephant . fleer nod , move away . the sheriff turn , sadly take in the scene : body , ambulance , ruin church . he sigh . 58. sheriff ( to himself ) what hath God wringht ? and as if in answer , we CUT to : int . bat cavern - day the probe-bat swoop down into the cave , carry body -- some human , some animal . they move toward a translucent Mass at the center -- it be huge , crowd the cavern . the probe-bat be tiny fly buzzing around it . probe-bat land on the mass . the human and animal body dissolve , absorbed into mass . some of the probe-bat merge as well . part of the mass shift -- a giant claw , open and close . the larger picture fall into place , and we see the mass have a hunch , ominous animal shape . ext . golden gate bridge - fort point - day Jill spot benedek and Pike leave the building . a argument in progress , Pike make he case . 65 pike -- and this be on you authority ? benedek it 's on the President 's authority . jill what do they recommend ? benedek can not meet she angry gaze . pike it 's a one - of - a-kind life form . they want to keep it alive . jill no. goddammit , no ! we kill it ! that 's we mission -- benedek we can kill it later . that be he last word . he stride away . Jill turn , stare at godzilla on the bridge , she jaw tight . pike happens , I agree with you , Doctor . 59 . jill ( she turn away ) small comfort ... ext . various - media report - series of shot hand-held video follow benedek as reporter shove micu into he face : benedek ... heart go out to the family of the brave man and woman lose in the battle with godzilla ... network reporter " godzilla ' - - be that with one 'l ' or two ? shot of a newscaster ; a video square over he shoulder show Aaron in a crowd , people shove copy of he book at he . 66 newscaster -- London gold shot up over two hundred dollar a ounce , attribute to the appearance of the San Francisco monster -- shot of Jill , stride past reporter , micu jamme in she face . she hold she anger in check -- barely . jill -- what do I think ? I think they should transport it to the middle of the desert -- int . fort tuscarora - cafeteria - day Tina carry a tray into a dining area . people be cluster around a television mount on the wall , watch Jill speak . jill -- shove a nuclear bomb down its throat and blow it up . the reporter turn away from she . reporter # 1 ... that 's Dr. llewellyn , who have be credit with capture the creature -- which , we be tell , first appear in the Arctic sea -- Tina 's eye go wide . 60 . reporter # 1 -- and may have be responsible for the loss of a expedition team there early last year ... Tina sit slowly , the tray in she lap . on screen : behind the reporter , several Flying crane helicopter buzz above the bridge -- ext . golden gate bridge - day -- the helicopter drop to above godzilla . a fire truck spray dark amniotic fluid onto godzilla 's skin . 67 68 back to video as a silver tank , the size of a railroad car , be lower via helicopter onto the back of godzilla 's neck . reporter # 2 ( 0.s. ) ... I be tell be a device that administer the fluid , keep the creature sedate , if you will ... the crew guide the device into place . huge hydraulic clamp close , lock it onto godzilla -- ext . golden gate bridge - fort point - day on Jill ; there be a roar from the crowd gather at the south end of the bridge . Jill turn as the roar become a cheer -- she watch as four Flying crane helicopter strain at cable attach to godzilla , lifting he into the AIR above the bridge . the crowd cheer wildly -- back to video - a local reporter , shirt untucked , do a hurried stand - up . a wobbly zoom to the horizon , where a tiny godzilla move past , suspend by cable from the helicopter -- a bizarre macy 's New Year 's Day parade balloon . local reporter ... unconfirm report of gunfire near the nevada border . apparently some folk be take pot shot at the creature -- shot of a local newscaster , a godzilla - over - Utah graphic over he leave shoulder . local newscaster ...has be instruct to route the creature away from all inhabit area . the faa -- 61 . shot of a large crowd , party , wave sign ; a banner read boulder welcomes godzilla . a reporter finish she stand - up , two boy near she wait to be interview . reporter # 3 -- no word yet as to the creature 's intend final destination . ( turn to boy ) tell we , when you see godzilla , be you scared ? little brother I be not scared . nine-year-old ( consider it ) scare it be go to poop on we ! the two crack up -- int . hospital - intensive care wing - hallway - night fade up title fort tuscarora base hospital Ed escort Aaron , move along briskly . aaron how be he ? ed not good . we have bring in specialist from John hopkins . we be do all we can , but ... he stop at a doorway , pause . ed be prepare . his appearance may be a shock . do not dwell on it . int . hospital - intensive care room - night Aaron and Ed enter . marty 's figure be obscure by monitoring equipment . a surgeon regards a fluoroscope screen . the real - time video show a full - body x- ray of marty . his heart beat be a shadowy rhythmic blur . ed ( peer at the screen ) Christ ... he 's change further ? on screen : there be a large movement --a shift -- of a internal organ . marty 's liver ? whatever it be , it should not be move . 62. surgeon all of the large intestine be go , along with the exocrine 69 tissue of the pancreas . the material be use here , in restructure the chest cavity -- he indicate a spidery dark structure in marty 's chest . surgeon body function necessary to immediate survival be not affect . everything else be fair game . ed impossible . surgeon apparently not . the infection be ve-script he DNA ... and as it change , he change . aaron change ... into what ? the surgeon shrug . Aaron approach the bed . he wear a not - very - convincing smile . he get closer -- and gasp . marty have no eye . his skull be elongate , he jaw shrunken . his ear have merge onto the side of he head . his clavicle and shoulder have lift , form a protective collar around he neck . but most disconcert be the flat , featureless expanse of skin from forehead to mouth . marty who 's there ? marty 's voice be groggy , weak . Aaron swallow . aaron marty , we get he . godzilla . marty be he dead ? aaron no . he 's ... sick , but alive . marty like I . aaron actually , he look a little better than you . 70 marty smile . Aaron look away . marty Aaron ... I have have dream . about godzilla . Aaron force himself to look back . aaron yeah ? marty I keep wonder ... why now ? ( beat ) why show up now ? what set the womb off ? the interference ... ( beat ) what be he try to do ? marty lift up , turn , he eyeless face search for Aaron . marty you have to find out . Aaron take marty 's hand , grip it . aaron I need to stay here -- marty shake he head . marty no. please . I can ... feel what 's happen to I . Aaron look at he friend , anguish . aaron I can not -- marty you have to find out . you need to keep look . I have be have dream ... ( beat ) remember Emperor kuei ko ? Aaron frown , remember -- then nod . marty ( drift off ) 63. 71 72 find out . keep look ... marty 's feature relax . his grip loosen , he breathe become regular . Ed appear behind Aaron , pull he away . near the door Aaron stop . sigh heavily . gaze at marty 's sleep form . 64 . aaron ( barely audible ) good-bye , marty . Aaron look at he friend one last time . then turn away ext . fort tuscarora - holding tank build - day Jill stride along the length of a huge structure . a Air Force engineer fall in with she , try to keep up . engineer ( apologetic ) I be real sorry about the tail . jill tail ? engineer see , the information I have say the creature be two hundred and fifty foot tall . they do not tell I about a tail . so there be no way for I to know -- jill know what ? engineer well , that it would not fit -- they come to the corner of the structure . Jill pull up short . incongruously stick out through the massive door on one end be godzilla 's tail . worker string ' police line - do not cross ' tape around it -- int . ST . GEORGE project - holding tank - day Jill enter , stare at -- 73 godzilla , lay on he side , mostly submerge in the tank -- a awesome sight . Close by be the too-long tail ; in the distance , godzilla 's head lie above the water 's surface . technician scurry about a control center which monitor godzilla 's vital sign . technician ( shout ) power up the grid ! Jill watch darkly as switch be pull , huge generator rumble to life -- 65 . several huge metal grid lower from the ceiling , down to just above godzilla . electricity crackle across they . a loud clang echoe in the structure as it lock into place , trapping godzilla in the tank . Jill turn away , angry . int . ST . GEORGE project - situation room - day Jill walk in . Beyond the glass wall , godzilla slumber . there be much busyness in the room . the main monitor map have be change : it now show godzilla 's project route as a line across the United States . Jill scowl . she spot Aaron , talk to Ed , who sit at a keyboard . she stride toward they . ed here 's a match . modesto , California . 'a pair of twenty - six year old twin meet for the first time Friday , despite have live they whole life within a hundred mile radius -- ' aaron no . keep look jill what 's go on here ? who authorize this ? Ed look away sheepishly , a catch kid . Aaron be only a little less abash . aaron um ... I do . jill you do . aaron I be sorry if I overstep my boundary , but marty say something that get I think ... do you know the myth of kuei ko ? Jill cross she arm . stare at he . jill you have co-opt my people and my department on the basis of one of you fracture fairy tale ? 66 . aaron listen , okay ? kuei ko be a mighty ruler with a vast kingdom ... you know , the usual . one night , a sparrow come to he in a dream . it tell he one of he wife be pregnant . ( he 's warming to it ) except it be not he child . his wife would give birth to a monster ... a monster with the power to destroy he ... he kingdom ... and the world . ed ( call up from he keyboard ) wichita , Kansas . ' a hole - in - one be rare . Three consecutive ace on the same hole be almost impossible - -' aaron ( shake he head ) keep look . so , anyway , kuei ko journey to the land without Light ... to kill the monster before it could be bear . jill 74 that 's a lovely story . what do it have to do with this ? aaron do I mention that kuei ko be a dragon ? what marty mean , I think , be to find out where godzilla be head . jill what ? Aaron point up at the map . aaron godzilla be move in a straight line -- like he have a purpose . we just project he route , and start look along the line for report of strange phenomenon and occurrence -- jill you think he have a purpose ? that there 's some ... reason for -- 67 . aaron why now ? why do godzilla show up now ? he might not be a isolate incident -- jill you do not think we should kill he . do you ? ( Aaron do not answer ) do you ? they stare at each other . Ed let out a low whistle , draw they attention . ed Holy cow . listen to this . Traveller , Utah . Three storey ... " additional cattle mutilation discover , ' uh , ' church destroy in freak accident ... ' Aaron lean forward . ed 76 " strange light report in the sky over six county ... ' aaron that 's it . utah. ( beat ) I think if godzilla do have a purpose ... that 's where we will find it . ( a little frighten ) this guess , I would not mind be wrong . a beat , and then he exit . Jill turn to look through the glass at godzilla . jill ( to herself ) be it possible ..? then she start : she have spot a familiar figure in a white smock : Tina , look very small , stare up into the face of the monster . int . ST . GEORGE project - holding tank - day we hear the distinctive beat of godzilla 's heart . Tina stare , transfix . Jill grab she shoulder . jill Tina -- how do you get in here ? 68. Tina indicate the clearance badge pin to she white smock . but Jill be take aback by the tear glisten on Tina 's cheek -- and the resign , serene set to she feature . Tina nod toward godzilla . tina this ... this be what kill dad . jill ( beat ) yes . tina this be what you be job be ... find it . jill yes. killing it . Tina look at Jill . tina why ? what 's the point ? Jill be surprised by the question . it should be obvious . jill look at it ! it 's kill hundred of people . it kill you father . be not that enough ? tina my God , mom ... you look at it ! look at its scale . I bet it do not even notice dad ! ( dryly ) except as maybe a little wet spot on the bottom of its foot . jill shut up ! you do not know what you be talk about -- tina do not you say that . I know ! you lose dad . ( beat ) I lose you both . Jill turn away . anger , remorse , grief , war on she face . she be close to tear . but a act of will put a stop to it . 69 . jill ( tightly ) you should not be here . it 's not safe . I speak to aunt Julia . she 's out of town , but she say you could stay at she apartment . in New York . Tina gape at she . she reach a hand toward Jill -- drop it before contact be make . tina Fine . I be go . she stride out , leave Jill alone . Jill wipe at she eye , 78 brush away any tear that may have begin . back in control , she look up at godzilla . in the water the monster shift slightly , and a small , mournful sound escape from he throat . ext . traveller , utah - diner - day Aaron step out of he rental car , take in the small town . he head for the diner -- -- and suddenly the waitress appear in front of he . waitress God be merciful , but the day of he wrath be come . who shall be able to stand ? aaron uh , yeah ... ' Jesus wept . ' he hurry past she into -- int . traveller , utah - diner - day Aaron sit at the counter near fleer , pick up a menu . the sheriff give Aaron the once-over . sheriff if you be a reporter or a gawker , we do not need you here . a little apprehensive , Aaron hand over he i.d. badge . the sheriff study it . aaron I be , uh , with the government . ( beat ) so what 's there to gawk at ? 70 . fleer huh . you can take you pick . we have get cattle mutilation , we church 's be tore up -- suddenly the waitress be there , close to Aaron 's ear . waitress it 's God 's judgment . and the light in the sky -- that be he terrible swift sword . Aaron turn toward she , encourage she . aaron there be light in the sky . waitress ( nod ) then come the frog , that be we warning -- ( Aaron frown ) a plague of frog . like mose visit upon the pharaoh -- she look around , head for a stack of newspaper . the sheriff hand Aaron back he i.d. , sigh . sheriff I be sure get tired of she say ' visit upon . ' aaron frog sheriff yeah ... well , it rain ... frog . fleer weird shit . waitress see ? they be the only one willing to print it . she thrust a tabloid newspaper at Aaron . we get a brief glimpse of the cover : cop tip waitress 2m $ . Inside , a photo of John and stu , hold bucket of frog . headline read ' town destroyed by frog --biblical retribution ?! waitress it 's the end of the millennium , and the apocalypse be near . the wick and just will do battle -- Aaron do not listen - - he 's think , figure something out -- 71 . aaron be there a ( beat fairly iso visitor .. ten , fifte ' fleer and the sheriff lake around here ? ) late , not a lot of but nearby , say within en mile ... look at each other . fleer sound like you be talk about Lake apopka . aaron Lake apopka . how do I get there ? fleer you do not road . not in that car . no Aaron glance out the window . spot fleer 's jeep , and fleer 's sign across the street . aaron you be Nelson fleer ? ( fleer nod ) can I hire you ? as a guide ? fleer hmm government man . you be that guy who pay five hundred buck for a screwdriver , right ? ( grin , nod ) we can work something out . ext . traveller , utah - day fleer 's Jeep take of sheriff shake he h governmen for this Fire and of God . she cross herself . ff , Aaron hang on for dear life . the ead , watch as it leave . sheriff t man . shit , what 's next town ? waitress brimstone and the wrath the sheriff scowl at she , worried . int . hospital - intensive care room - day at a x-ray screen , the surgeon confer with benedek . 80 81 72 . surgeon the circulatory system be on the verge of collapse . ( shake he head ) it simply may not be a viable life form -- benedek what can you do ? they move back toward the bed , where a anesthesiologist and nurse prepare instrument . surgeon the immediate threat be liquid create pressure on the brain stem . we have to drain it . benedek consider . benedek do it . a hand -- more like a claw now -- grab benedek 's wrist . marty / alien | wait . | benedek stare down at -- marty -- who be now more alien than human . he have eye again -- huge ebony orb that seem to have erupt from beneath he skin . his head be disfigure -- he be grow a exoskeleton . his nose be just two slit . marty / alien | there be a |reason| . bring | |... llewellyn . | marty 's voice be not he voice anymore -- it hiss from deep in he throat . Rhythm , inflection , tone be all different . frightened , the surgeon back away ; he knock over the instrument tray . Instruments clatter to the floor -- int . hospital - intensive care room - day Jill hurry in , move to benedek 's side . look at marty . jill 82 have he say anything else ? benedek a few word . this be go to sound crazy , but ... I do not know if it 's he speak ... or it . 73. jill it ? benedek the thing he 's turn into -- jill I need to talk to he . ( correct herself ) it. whatever . Jill move to the bed . touches marty 's shoulder . jill marty ? can you hear I ? marty 's huge new eye focus on she . his face contort . a incredible effort , a incredible strain , for one word : marty / alien | danger ... | jill what kind of danger ? again , marty 's body contort -- then , it 's as if something just give up . marty 's face relax . his expression be calm , serene . suddenly : marty ( distort , but normal inflection ) Dr. llewelly n ... be that you ? jill yes . uh... you can call I Jill . marty it ... do not know the word yet . so ... I have to talk ... jill marty ... do it ... be you in pain ? marty -..no . it 's amazing , Jill . I see in infra-re now -- I think . the surgeon check the cardiograph monitor . frown . surgeon he 's in a brachycardia state . ( to Jill ) he 's weaken . Jill take marty 's hand / claw . 74 , jill you --it --said the word ' danger . ' Mary pause , as if listen . then : marty alien ... spread through the star ... destroy world ... stun silence in the room . benedek there be a time ... that would have sound crazy . jill how , marty ? marty alien probe land ... on a world ... create a... beast out of the genetic material of that world . design to kill -- jill ( surprised ) godzilla be a alien - -? marty 's face and body contract . his voice be a low hiss : marty / alien | no. not godzilla . another . | benedek ( the worst possible news ) 83 another ? jill a alien creature ? marty 's feature relax . Jill lean extreme close up , marty 's face , black eye stare blankly : ext . utah marty a doomsday beast ... be create . it ... reproduce . destroy . wipe out dominate life form ... ( beat ) later , the alien come . to a planet already ... conquer ... forward . jill one be come here -- that 's the danger ? when will it arrive ? 75 . marty it 's already here ... - rough terrain - day fleer 's truck bounce up a steep rise , Aaron hang on . fleer so what be you think happen ? aaron I think the light in the sky be cause by a meteor ... it drop through the atmosphere . friction superheat it to about a thousand degree centigrade . ( illustrate with hand gesture ) it hit the water , and the water boil instantly . the steam evacuate up ... cold air rush in , form a water spout , which suck up everything around it -- fleer -- and ten mile away , it rain 84 85 frog and fish -- they reach the top of the rise , pull to a stop . look out -- wide shot - lake apopka . or what be leave of it . the epicenter of a huge explosive force . tree snap like twig , bent backward out from the lake . mud and die moss surround it -- the water level half what it should be . fleer stare , surveying the damage with awe . Aaron gaze speculatively at the lake . aaron can we go in there ? fleer how 's that ? aaron what I be look for might -- must be in there . fleer smile . hop out of the Jeep . grab one of the tank . fleer underwater . imagine that . there 's a rate jump from wilderness guide to dive expedition leader . ( grin ) Big jump . 76 . int . hospital - intensive care room - day Jill know time may be short . she hurry she question : jill marty --this ... creature you be become . where do it come from ? marty civilization ...old ... from the star ... go now . Earth have three moon , then. ( as if see it ) huh. pretty . jill what be it call ? atlantis ? lemuria ? mu? suddenly the thing speak through marty : marty / alien | we need word ... need to warn you ... do not know what form life would take ... Jill get a look of understanding -- even amazement . surgeon ... so they create a virus that would reprogram DNA ... and transfer rna ? amazing . benedek they make one of theirs out of one of ours -- marty 's body spasm . on the cardiograph marty 's heart be a weak flutter . the surgeon turn to Jill . surgeon Dr. llewelly n -- we be lose he -- Jill lean close to marty . jill marty -- can you tell we -- what be godzilla ? marty / alien | we leave it in stasis ... create from dinosaur genetic template . alien probe would awaken it ... | jill how do we kill it ? 77 . marty / alien | godzilla will kill it . before it ... reproduce -- | jill no -- not the beast . how do we kill godzilla ? marty / alien ( voice fade ) | can not ...kill ... godzilla ... marty lose consciousness . the ekg stop beep . flatline . surgeon crash cart ! code blue ! nurse , the surgeon move in , try to resuscitate marty . the monitor stay flatline . Jill rise . stands back , away from the flurry of activity around marty ... stunne by he final word . marty ( cont would ) Earth have three moon , then . ( as if see it ) huh . pretty . jill what be it call ? atlantis ? lemuria ? mu ? suddenly the thing speak through marty : marty / alien | we need word ... need to warn you ... do not know what form life would take ... | Jill get a look of understanding -- even amazement . surgeon .so they create a virus that would reprogram DNA ... and transfer rna ? amazing . benedek they make one of theirs out of one of ours -- marty 's body spasm . on the cardiograph marty 's heart be a weak flutter . the surgeon turn to Jill . surgeon Dr. llewelly n -- we be lose he -- Jill lean close to marty . 78. jill marty -- can you tell we -- what be godzilla ? 87 marty lose marty / alien | we leave it in stasis ... create from dinosaur genetic template . alien probe would awaken it . jill how do we kill it ? marty / alien | godzilla will kill it . before it ... reproduce -- | jill no -- not the beast . how do we kill godzilla ? marty / alien ( voice fade ) | can not ...kill ... godzilla ... | consciousness . the ekg stop beep . flatline surgeon crash cart ! code blue ! nurse , the surgeon move in , try to resuscitate marty . the monitor stay flatline . Jill rise . stands back , away from the flurry of activity around marty ... stunne by he final word . ext . utah - lake apopka - day fleer and Aaron , in the water , adjust they diving equipment . fleer watch Aaron , measure he . Aaron nod . fleer so . done much diving ? aaron some . at Club Med once -- fleer well , this be nothing like that . in cave diving , you be go into absolute pitch dark . there be weird current and sharp rock -- fleer clip safety line , flashlight , slate and pencil onto he belt . 88 79 , fleer just try not to panic . you do not want to be like the kid who suck he mouthpiece into he throat try to get the last cubic centimeter of air -- they back they way into the water . aaron if cave-dive be so dangerous , why do you do it ? fleer set he dive watch , fit he mask . fleer better than the ocean . there you get eel , squid , jellyfish ... ( he shudder ) too much weird shit . he sink down backwards into the water . Aaron follow -- ext . lake apopka - underwater - day fleer and Aaron swim through flicker shaft of sunlight . discharge air bubbles glitter , swirl toward the surface . the cave open loom ahead . they follow they flashlight beam into darkness . fleer , in the lead , spot something -- ahead the cave narrow to a tight bottleneck . fleer pull out a packet of red dye , break it . the bright - color dye move steadily away from the open , indicate a current . fleer give Aaron a ' thumb up ' sign . he tie he safety line to a rock outcropping ... then remove he tank . Aaron look at he incredulously . still breathe through the regulator , fleer shove he tank through the bottleneck . he then squirm through after it -- Aaron can not believe it . slowly he remove he own tank . pushes it through ahead of he , follow fleer . int . cave system - underwater - day p.o.v. , aaron , through he dive mask , the narrow angle increase the sense of claustrophobia . we hear he breathing , slow and steady , as he move past limestone wall . the wall give way ; Aaron and fleer emerge into open water . 89 90 fleer glance up . see the surface above . grin , motion to Aaron . swim upward -- 80 . -- suddenly , shockingly , come straight at he , bright in the light of he flashlight be the mountain lion . fleer freak out . flail he arm , leg , try to get away -- the Mountain lion approach , fang bare in a perpetual snarl ... then float serenely past , suspend in the water , move by the current . it spin , catch in a eddy . we see it 's pretty well tear up . a paw and some of its torso be still connect to the head , but most of the body be go . fleer recover . calm himself . Aaron tap he on the shoulder . fleer hold up he hand -- he 's okay . he scribbles on he slate , hold it up to Aaron . it say ' rate doubled . " int . cave system - bat cavern - day Aaron break the surface of the underground lake . fleer be already climb out of the water . he yank off he mask . fleer God damn what be that do there ? I do not need that shit in my life ... he squirm out of he tank . Aaron climb out of the water . fleer ( still piss off ) and what 's that smell ? Aaron examine the limestone cavern . most be obscure by darkness . in one corner , a waterfall splashes down . Aaron spot something , move toward it -- aaron over here . it be the mutilate remain of a cow . Aaron crouch next to it . fleer stare -- now he 's see it all . fleer a cow . 91 aaron odd -- there 's not just physical damage . look like chemical deterioration as well . a sudden , disorient shift to -- p.o.v. , looking down at Aaron and fleer , from out of a crevice . watch they -- 81 . fleer something must have drag it in here . the mountain lion ? the thing above they shift ... then leap forward , swoop down toward they -- aaron maybe whatever get the mountain lion -- fleer jump . swooping past be several small , dark shape -- bat . just normal - size bat , provide a false scare . fleer wave at they , cursing , shooing they away . Aaron ignore the bat , glance around the chamber . spot something . frown . aaron my God ... fleer what ? he look toward where Aaron be look . thirty foot away be what seem to be a unique rock formation --a giant claw , as big as a house . Aaron climb a boulder to get a better view , reach the top . fleer follow . Beyond they we see the claw be part of a huge forearm , which be part of a massive hunched animal shape , fill the cavern -- the gryphon huge . magnificent . horrible . a nightmare wait to be bear . leathery , blood -re wing like a bat . the body of a mountain lion . it resemble the mythical gryphon , as in junji 's 92 drawing . this be what the huge bat-probe creature create by merge ; none be leave to be see . Aaron and fleer be ant before it . aaron ( awed ) ... the behemoth ... Aaron take a emergency flare from fleer 's belt , light it . bright light fill the cavern , chase the shadow -- smoke drift up from the flare . High above , the gryphon 's nose twitches . it scowl , eye still close -- 82. Aaron hold the flare high . they turn slightly as they look up , take the creature in . behind they , they do not see as the giant claw clutch . fleer it 's not alive -- nothing that big could be alive ... ( beat ) it go all the way to the ceiling -- aaron that 's not a ceiling . that be wing . the turn back toward the huge claw -- as it clutch again -- fleer shit ! it 's alive -- fleer grab the flare from Aaron , drop it , stomp on it . it still burn . cursing , he stomp some more , extinguish it -- too late . the giant monster shift ... move . wall of the cavern split ; huge chunks of rock fall -- Aaron and fleer scramble back toward the lake , grab up they gear . the gryphon let out a bone - jarring scream -- fleer look over he shoulder , see inside its mouth -- fleer oh , God . it 's get snake . snake for a tongue -- and it do . many snake , a hydra-headed thing , squirming where 93 the tongue should be . it 's eye glow yellow in the darkness , reflect light like a cat 's eye . fleer and Aaron leap into the pool -- int . cave system - underwater - day Aaron and fleer plunge in . a snake head dart into the water , snap blindly . Aaron twist away , avoid get bitten in half . the snake-head withdraw -- fleer find the safety line . they pull themselves along . we hear the SOUND of breathing , loud and fast , through they regulator -- they reach the bottleneck . muffled roar of the gryphon can be hear . fleer and Aaron snake out of they tank -- in the cave , one of the gryphon 's claw slam down into the underground lake . 83 . Water surge ; fleer slam into the rock wall , lose hold of he regulator . he swim into the bottleneck -- Aaron take a last breath from he regulator . let go of he equipment . follow fleer , through the narrow open -- ext . lake apopka - underwater - day fleer shoot through the circular open , follow by Aaron . they swim for the daylight -- ext . utah - lake apopka - day fleer and Aaron break the surface , gasp for air . suddenly , the earth trembles -- then shake . Beyond a rise , concessive force blast dirt and boulder into the sky . Aaron and fleer swim , stagger up onto shore . Beyond they , the gryphon stand , rise to its full height above the tree . the nightmare have be bear . it shake off rock and debris . its skin be smooth and slick . it blink in the sun . scream its ear-splitt scream -- 94 int . ST . GEORGE project - holding tank - day -- the scream echoe , fade . Soldiers and technician go about they task . a few yard from godzilla 's jaw , a foreman and surveyor use ultrasound equipment to scan godzilla . on a small table , a styrofoam cup blow over , spill . the surveyor notice , look at the Foreman accusingly . surveyor hey . thanks for spilling my coffee . foreman huh ? not I . they do not notice as flat line on they monitor be interrupt with tiny spike -- surveyor ( point at the cup ) yeah you do . look . they look at cup -- just as it leap completely off the table . they look at each other , puzzle . a beat , then the entire table overturn in a blast of wind . the two look toward godzilla 's jaw -  surveyor ohshit - - it 's awake -- 84 . foreman ( back away ) okay . um ... let 's give it some room -- a low growl from deep in godzilla 's throat . technician immediately drop they equipment , run -- godzilla twist , turn ... water sloshes over from the tank , knock a flee soldier off he foot . godzilla rise up -- huge SPARKS , bolt of electricity shoot across he as he make contact with the metal grid above . godzilla fall back , trap . there be a anguish , angry roar -- ext . utah - near lake apopka - day 95 fleer and Aaron crouch behind a tree . they break cover , flee uphill toward fleer 's Jeep . loom over the lake , the gryphon open its wing and scream , snake - tongue writhe . Energy build up along its wing , shoot out , a deadly ENERGY bolt -- -- a tree near the Jeep explode as Aaron and fleer dive in -- ext . utah - day the Jeep bounce along , Aaron drive . fleer look back -- the gryphon rise up into the sky , its giant leathern wing spread wide , blotting out the sun -- fleer shit . it can fly -- aaron hang on . Aaron swerve the Jeep hard onto a two - lane road , nearly roll it . in the distance be a railroad overpass . gryphon' p.o.v. , above the Jeep , gain on it . the Jeep disappear under the overpass . appear on the other side . ENERGY bolt shoot out -- -- and the Jeep explode spectacularly ext . utah - beneath the overpass - day in the dark shade of the overpass . Aaron get to he foot , dust himself off . fleer sit there , stare at he ruin , burn Jeep , and the gryphon , swoop off into the sky . 85 . aaron let I guess -- you just finish pay it off . ext . traveller , utah - gas station - day a bald tourist , he family in a station wagon , do that funny little dance you do try to get the gas hose untangle . he succeed only in make it more twisted . 96 in he struggle he do not notice the surrealistic sight behind he : in the distance , come over a rise in the road be the gryphon , down on all four , stalking toward town , slinking along like a cat . in the station wagon , a tourist kid notice the creature . his eye widen . he hurriedly search for something inside a bag ... rummages desperately , finally pull out -- --a video camera . he switch it on , aim it at the gryphon -- just as the gryphon pounce onto a roadside bait shop , smashing it . the Tourist turn , see the creature . drop the gas hose , dive into the station wagon . the gryphon scream -- ext . traveller , utah - cafe - day the waitress , in front of the cafe , freeze at the sound of the scream . the sheriff exit the cafe , stop , stare past she , a look of horror on he face . she turn slowly to see -- the gryphon , rise to full height over the town , the Tourist 's station wagon flee before it . a panel truck go the other way slam on its break . the gryphon paw at it -- the truck be hit with such force it stand up , spin on one corner of the chassis . the sheriff rush past the waitress . sheriff in the truck -- hurry ! but the waitress do not move . at the other end of town , the gryphon glance around , spot something -- the above -ground gas storage tank near the gas station . next to it be a large propane tank . the gryphon crouch . ENERGY beam shoot out , and the tank explode -- sheriff ( to waitress ) come on ! 86 . but the waitress choose to run , down the center of the street . the sheriff dive into the cab -- 97 the gryphon beat its wing , fanning the fire . a wave of flaming gasoline roll across Traveller -- the waitress be engulf in flame . she continue to run a few step , burn , then fall to the ground . satisfied , the gryphon take to the air , leave the ruin of the town behind -- dissolve to : ext . traveller , utah - day - later ruine . destroy . Aaron and fleer hurry up the road ... slow as they survey the devastation . fleer be near tear . Aaron approach the daze sheriff , sit on the burn porch of the cafe . aaron be it still alive ? where do it go ? sheriff it 's go ... it take off . ( point ) that way . aaron East ? shit . I need you truck . the sheriff nod . Aaron move toward the truck . to fleer : aaron c'mon . there 's a jet wait . I have get to get back to the Project . ( to fleer ) you come ? fleer be incredulous . fleer you be go up in the air ? with that thing ? aaron you want to take you chance on the ground ? fleer glance around at the ruin town -- 98 87 . int . ST . GEORGE project - situation room - day pandemonium . Jill , benedek present . godzilla 's roar can be hear . Ed rush in from the hold tank . ed ( to Jill ) the fluid be not work . it 's just the grid hold he -- to one side , a techie monitor channel . a special bulletin flash on . the comm Officer stare . turn to Jill : techie Doctor , I have get a broadcast here , local news -- on screen : the shaky , hand -held image of the gryphon , shot by the Tourist kid through back window of the station wagon . techie Doctor , it seem to be another creature . benedek what ? all eye turn to the screen . camera bounce wildly , settles on the gryphon as it fire ; the gas tank explode . horribly , we be to re-witness the scene of Traveller 's destruction . the gryphon fan the flame , and we see the waitress burn , drop to the ground . benedek Jesus -- techie Aaron vaught be report in -- Jill gesture to hear it on the main speaker . the jet 's turbine can be hear ; they be in - flight . aaron ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) -- creature have wing like a bat . the body of a lion , like the mythical gryphon ... it can fire what seem to be electric bolt -- fleer ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) like a goddamn eel ... 99 jill Aaron , Jill here . where be it head ? 88. int . jet - cockpit - in flight - day Aaron sit in the co-pilot 's seat . through he window , in the distance , be the gryphon . Aaron watch it as the jet overtake , pass it . aaron it 's head east . Jill , I think it 's come toward you . I think -- int . ST . GEORGE project - situation room - day everyone know what this mean . aaron ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) -- it 's come to kill godzilla . as if in answer , godzilla roar , vibrate the entire structure -- ext . fort tuscarora - holding tank structure - day godzilla 's huge tail whip back and forth , dangerously near the base power station . with the next whip , godzilla 's tail hit the station . there be a shower of SPARKS -- -- and then the power station explode -- int . ST . GEORGE project - situation room - day alarm sound loudly . the light go out -- only the monitor stay light . emergency light come on . ed uh-oh. int . ST. GEORGE project - holding tank - day godzilla roar -- 100 ext . fort tuscarora - holding tank structure - day with a thundering , ripping SOUND , godzilla rise , crash straight up through the roof of the structure . part of the roof dangle on godzilla like a hat -- it look kind of dumb . almost angrily , godzilla knock it away -- 89 . a soldier flee godzilla . he zig , zag -- -- as the shadow of the roof segment get larger -- -- then land right on top of he . a beat , then we see the soldier , unhurt , climb out though a upper window of the roof . he dart away just as it get step on -- Jill step out of the building . people flee past she as she stand , stare at godzilla . tank on the periphery of the airfield FIRE at godzilla , with little effect . godzilla turn , scan the horizon . he stop , seem to look directly at Jill . be he aware of she , or stare in she direction simply by chance ? we do not know . Jill stare back at the monster . the moment be break by the distant SOUND of a boat horn . godzilla abruptly turn in the direction of the sound -- ext . buzzard be BAY - shoreline - day godzilla approach , drop down onto all four . he slip into the water . he sink , and be go . ext . MISSISSIPPI river - day a small passenger plane fly above the river . marshland on either side . int . passenger plane - day a vacationer snap photo out the window . pilot as the central river artery of the United States , the Mississippi be one of the busy commercial waterway in the world -- 101 vacationer hey . cool statue . the Pilot pause . frown . pilot there 's no statue on this tour . ext . MISSISSIPPI river - day the plane be buzzing over -- the gryphon . it take to the air , fly up past the passenger plane . the plane be shake by the turbulence cause by its massive wing . 90 . int . passenger plane - day the plane be out of control . the vacationer look sick . vacationer next time , I just stay home . no more travel , no more -- the Pilot fight the control as the plane dive . int . ST . GEORGE project - situation room - day ed ( call out ) godzilla 's be sighted . move slowly down Long Island sound , south of bridgeport . the room be crowded , bustling . Jill and benedek look up . jill give they relative speed -- where will they meet ? ed we be calculate it now . on the main monitor be a map . two electronic line be draw on it , one project godzilla 's path and extend it ... the other project the gryphon 's path , extend it ... Aaron burst into the situation room . fleer follow . 102 aaron what happen out there ? jill ( simply ) he leave . aaron we just get in the way . godzilla 's ... instinctually program -- to find that thing -- on the monitor : the line be draw closer jill and kill it . before it can multiply . marty tell we before he ... ( beat ) Aaron ... he die . Aaron know it be come , but it 's still a shock . Jill reach out to he -- hesitates , then take he hand . he look up at she , nod , smile sadly . 91 . on the monitor : the two line intersect at ... ed oh , shit . ( a little awed ) Manhattan . Jill freeze , go pale . it hit she that Tina be in danger . benedek do we even try to evacuate ? it might kill more people than it save -- fleer you get to tell them . give they a chance -- aaron ( nodd ) we can not just abandon people -- benedek what do you think , Dr. llewellyn ? 103 Jill have not be listen , lose in she own thought . she move to a phone . quickly punch a number . benedek Dr. llewellyn ? we hear the busy signal . the call do not go through . Jill drop the phone . head for the door . benedek what be you do ? jill Tina be in New York . benedek you can not leave now -- jill Tina be more important . ( beat ; she advice : ) we can not just abandon people . and with that she be out the door . benedek , Aaron and fleer watch she go . a beat ; then benedek turn to Aaron . benedek as act head of the St. George Project , what be you advice to the military ? 92 . aaron uh... evacuate New York City . right ? int . greenwich village - apartment - day Tina , scared , bang futility on the button of the phone . a " all circuit busy ' message play in she ear . the television be on , tune to CNN , show the Utah footage of the gryphon . CNN anchor ( 0.s. ) once again , we will show you dramatic footage of the Utah monster that now appear to be approach New York City ... again , we see flame , the burn waitress stumble and fall . 104 Tina give up on the phone , rush for the door . ext . greenwich village - apartment build - day Tina exit the foyer door , stop at the first step , shocked . the street in front of she be pandemonium . Cars jam the street , horn honking . looters stream in and out of a corner grocery store . a trash can , content in flame , be throw onto the hood of a police car . on the bottom step of the stair a devout woman kneel , purse beside she , praying intently . a teenager snatch the purse , rummages through it . nothing . he throw it at the woman . she do not seem to care . she look at Tina , smile . devout woman ( hold out she hand ) pray with I , darling . pray for the rapture to take we . Tina back away , into the foyer . slam the door shut . ext . manhattan - sky - day a huey helicopter , carry Jill , fly over the East River , past the Brooklyn Bridge , crowded with evacuate people . the huey pilot listen to he headphone . huey pilot Manhattan airspace just become restrict to essential only . jill I have get clearance . 93 . huey pilot I know ... I be just say -- he choke on he word . Jill follow he stare : the gryphon move lazily through the sky . huey pilot ..- it 's real ... he veer the huey away from Manhattan . 105 jill what be you do ? huey pilot I just stop be essential . jill wrong . you be take I into Manhattan . turn this thing around . the huey Pilot give she a hard stare -- then bank the copter hard , make a beeline straight for the Wall Street heliport . he keep the huey hover just above the ground . huey pilot here we be . Manhattan . jill my daughter 's in the village -- huey pilot then she 's on she own . the huey Pilot start to lift the copter . Jill push open the door , jump out . huey pilot have a nice walk . and he 's go , head the huey back across the river . a matte black Apache gunship cut across the huey 's path , head toward Governor 's Island . we drop down from the helicopter to the East River . the skyline reflect in the water . just south of the Brooklyn Bridge , something disturb the stillness : half above the surface be godzilla's eye as he push through the river . 94 . ext . governor's island - day fade up title : governor's island Aaron , fleer and benedek be at the hastily construct Command Post , near the water 's edge . phone , communication gear , monitor . across the water be the Manhattan skyline , and Liberty Island . the statue of Liberty prominent -- 106 fleer that thing be really pissing I off -- -- and we see it 's not the statue . the gryphon have claw up onto the pedestal . the Lady have fall before it ; she lie crush and break at its foot . the black Apache gunship , bristle with weaponry , land . Pike step out , unintimidate by the whirring rotor . he nod to the crew -- wear all black , no military insignia . Pike head for the command post . pike godzilla 's in the East River , head this way . ( to Aaron ) I do not want to hear any quote . ext . east river - day godzilla reach the dock of the lower East side and pull himself ashore , blithely do major property damage . on the brooklyn bridge : godzilla be spot . Cars , gridlock by the evacuation , be abandon as the people flee . on the dock : godzilla ignore the people who run from he . he pause , get he bearing . rip through the EL track . a train jump the line . he move through the canyon of building toward the battery , at the tip of the island . ext . sporting good store - day looters emerge from shattered window , toss gun into the back of a van . one have a armful of automatic weapon . looter look ! full auto ! guy have them lock in the back ! his cohort be about to reply -- but he jaw drop . he stare at something behind the looter -- then turn and run . 95 . the looter turn . godzilla tower above . step toward he . looter 107 Holy ... get away ! get away ! he drop all but one rifle , start firing up at godzilla . godzilla 's eye narrow . he take another step -- the looter be crush beneath godzilla 's foot . godzilla stomp a few more time for good measure . turn -- Beyond battery Park , across the water , be Liberty Island . and the gryphon . godzilla roar -- the gryphon 's head whip around . it see godzilla . godzilla stretch himself to full height , a obvious challenge . roar again . the gryphon scream . spread its wing . take to the air . it rush towards godzilla -- godzilla wait -- the two monster crash together -- ext . governor's island - day the gather watch as godzilla be lift bodily , ram back . fleer that 's gotta hurt -- ext . manhattan - day godzilla grab the gryphon 's leg , pull it down -- the gryphon flap furiously , pull away -- godzilla wrap he tail , monkey - like , around the I - beam of a under - construction building . the gryphon scream -- godzilla haul it nearer -- -- and bite into the leg -- the gryphon cry out in pain , rear back -- -- and fire a bolt at godzilla - - godzilla be blow backwards , into the building skeleton , which topple -- the gryphon press its advantage , fire another bolt -- godzilla stagger , move off , back into the concrete canyon -- 108 96 . the gryphon soar past he , turn , then come straight back , rake he with extend talon -- godzilla roar . the gryphon scream -- ext . greenwich village - day the scream echoe . Jill glance up . the street be nearly desert . scatter fire burn . something shatter behind she ; she turn , see nothing -- quicken she pace , up the step into the apartment building . int . apartment build - hallway - day Jill move along warily . Doors be break in ; property scattered through the hallway . the aftermath of smash - and - grab looting . a apartment door burst open -- two young boy run past Jill , carry stereo equipment . Jill catch she breath , hurry to a door . it 's close tight . she try the knob . lock . Bangs on the door . jill Tina ! Tina -- the door snap open -- and Jill 's stare down the barrel of a automatic . tina I tell you : go away -- ( she recognize Jill ) Mom ! she grab Jill in a embrace . they speak at once . jill tina Tina , you be all right , I can not believe you be thank God ... here -- Jill hold she back at arm length , examine she , relieved . her eye fall on the gun . she frown . tina aunt Julia 's . it 's safe . ( put on the safety ) Safety 's on . she stick it in she waistband . Jill consider say something -- then shrug . 109 tina I be ... glad you come . they gaze at each other , sixteen year of history between they -- and then they embrace again , hold on to each other . 97 . jill now , we have just get to find a way off this damn island ... tina ( laugh ) ... just like gilligan ... Jill smile -- and the deep thwup - thwup of a helicopter reverberate through the building . Jill look up -- ext . manhattan - day a helicopter swoops and bank , try to keep up with the gryphon . the gryphon soar over the building , chase godzilla , who scurries along the street , sometimes on all four , a mouse chase by a hawk . ext . world trade tower - day the gryphon spot godzilla , between the twin tower . scowl , realize : it be godzilla 's reflection in the north tower . the gryphon bank around , swoops down , toward the image -- -- then turn , lash out at the godzilla near the south tower , smash it -- except that 's a reflection , too . during the gryphon 's bank turn , godzilla move to the other side . godzilla spring at the gryphon , tooth and claw tear into its wing . the gryphon throw itself backwards , smash godzilla against the Tower . they flail violently , crush and destroy the Tower 's base . ext . governor's island - day in the distance , dust rise from the World Trade Center . one of the tower lean over dangerously . the monitor show helicopter view of the battle . benedek , fleer and Pike be ashen . 110 benedek can even godzilla beat that thing ? fleer do not be defeatist ... aaron ( to himself ) why be not he use he fire ? he stare at the monitor , try to figure it out . 98. ext . manhattan - sky - day the gryphon pull itself into the air . godzilla make a leaping snap for its leg -- catch they , haul the gryphon down . the gryphon reverse its momentum suddenly , send both monster hard into the dangerously lean tower . ext . manhattan - day on jill and tina . they look up as -- the tower collapse -- the ground shake beneath they foot . loose masonry crash down around they -- ext . governor's island - day the observer be aghast -- a dust cloud rise from the city , the skyline now absent one - half of the World Trade Center . and then the gryphon appear , fly shakily , still aloft . it fire another bolt -- benedek it ... survive that ... aaron the restrain device ! benedek what ? aaron we have get to get it off he ! it 's keep godzilla from use he 111 fire ! Hell , it 's probably -- he cut off . a image on a monitor catch he eye . on screen : godzilla , slump against a building . not move . benedek my God ... aaron it 's probably kill he . pike that 's a good thing , vaught . we want this thing dead , remember ? and if one kill off the other that 's one less we have to kill . aaron you do not get it , do you ? we have get nothing to fear from godzilla -- 99 . pike you be insane ! look at what its cause -- Aaron turn away dismissively . deal only with benedek aaron Admiral , we have get to get that thing off he . benedek look down at godzilla 's image on the monitor . reaches a decision . look at Aaron . benedek how ? Pike start to object -- but benedek cut he off . benedek my command , Mr. pike. ( to Aaron ) how ? aaron um ... from behind he , fleer speak up . fleer c-4 , plastique explosive . aaron ( to benedek , without miss a beat ) C - 4 . plastique explosive . ( to fleer ) how do we plant they ? fleer we ..? he and Aaron lock eye , regard each other . fleer you be serious about this ? Aaron do not need to answer . fleer sigh . fleer no amount of money be worth this ... ( beat ) we need a helicopter . ext . manhattan - day Jill and Tina at a pay phone . Jill drop the receiver . 100 . jill all circuit busy ... dammit . she spot a electronics store across the street . stride toward it . pick up a fall chunk of masonry -- tina Mom -- what be you do ? -- Jill hurl the chunk at the window , shatter it . tina ( shocked admiration ) Mom ... Jill reach in , grab a cellular phone . a sign beside it read " try our demo -- make a free call . ' she start punch button . jill I think the owner will be eligible 112 federal disaster assistance ... ( into phone ) llewellyn , Jill . Security code : seven alpha . Day code : plant , echo , water . Voice print : ' Mary have a little lamb , its fleece - -' ( beat ) yes -- get I Admiral benedek -- I do not care where he be , connect I ! ext . governor's island - day a phone chirp . benedek pick it up . benedek benedek . ( beat ) where be you ? intercut as need jill Manhattan . my daughter and i. we need a lift out of here . benedek I can not do it . the only thing we be send in now be gunship to provide cover for vaught . jill what ? why ? what 's he do ? benedek he 's go to get the restrain device off godzilla . he say its keep godzilla from beat the gryphon . what do you think ? Jill consider ... and come to a conclusion . jill ( simply ) you should believe he . he know what he 's talk about . benedek you should get to cover -- find a 101 . 113 114 basement fallout shelter -- Jill have close the phone , cut he off . jill ( think aloud ) Aaron will make they land ... ( to Tina ) c'mon . she catch Tina 's hand , lead she toward godzilla . tina Mom -- do not we want to go -- ( point in opposite direction ) -- that way ? ext . manhattan - sky - day a transport helicopter cut through the sky . two Apache helicopter provide cover . the gryphon see they come . wheel toward they . the gunship engage the gryphon , pepper it with missile . the door of the transport ' copter slide back , revealing -- int . helicopter - day fleer and Aaron wear harness and radio headsets . fleer be show Aaron the rope -- literally . fleer you ever repel before ? aaron yeah ... some rock climb in yosemite . 102 fleer well , this be nothing like that . here , you be in freefall , and you have only get two option to stop you . option one 's this little brake here . aaron 115 and option two ...? but Aaron realize what fleer 's go to say -- aaron/fleer the ground . a gunship explode , shot down by the gryphon , the blast make they shield they eye . fleer Jesus ... aaron we have get to end this . the helicopter drop down between building , hide the battle from view . chopper pilot we be over he ... man , that 's a ugly sucker . fleer and Aaron look out , down at godzilla . godzilla be slump against a building , almost upright . it 's two hundred foot from the restrain device to the ground . fleer ( deadpan ) whatever you do , do not look down . Aaron scowl at he . they clip they harness to line . Drop the line down , past the silver restrain device . chopper pilot I will hold she solid ... but make it quick . they nod , prepare to step off -- fleer you know what 's funny ? this do not seem weird ... he and Aaron exchange a look . and then they go , out the door . 103 . ext . manhattan - day jill and tina round a corner . they help each other across a huge fissure in the street , careful of electrical conduit and 116 break gas main . they look up in time to see : Aaron and fleer drop toward godzilla , fleer smoothly , Aaron less so . tina jeez -- be they nut ? on godzilla : as fleer and Aaron slide past godzilla 's unconscious face . fleer drop lightly onto the restrain device , cant at a extreme angle . Aaron nearly miss the device . fleer reach out , haul he on . fleer how you do ? aaron invigorate .... fleer smile , begin unpack brick of C - 4 explosive . ext . manhattan - sky - day the second Apache narrowly avoid a bolt from the gryphon , fire back . the gryphon beat its wing furiously -- -- the helicopter be blow backwards into the empire state build . it explode , damaging the top floor of the building . the helicopter fall to the street below . the gryphon wheel back toward godzilla -- two more missile explode on its back . it scream , turn back -- Pike 's black apache zoom past , pepper the gryphon with gunfire . int . pike' apache - day the gryphon sweep past the copter , buffete it . in front of they now , the gryphon prepare to beat its wing like before -- pike put the building between we ! ext . manhattan - sky - day Pike 's Apache sweep behind the Empire State Building . more window be blow out by the gryphon 's onslaught . the gryphon circle the building , after the Apache . the Apache keep the building between they . 104 . int . pike' apache - day pike Fire through the building . gunner Sir ..? pike Fire through the building . gunner Sir ...that 's the Empire State Building . pike ( beat ) and ..? the gunner have no response . he turn to he instrument . ext . manhattan - sky - day missile fire from the Apache , rip through the top floor of the Empire State Building , hit the gryphon . more missile , more hit . the gryphon lose a little altitude . the top of the building shift -- -- then topples , moor tower and all , onto the gryphon , the debris slamm into it , drive it down . the gryphon hit the street , the wreckage raining down on it , half - bury it . it lie still . int . pike' apache - day Pike smile . pike that 's one . let 's make sure the other one do not get up , either . gunner what about the people -- pike acceptable loss . we will build " they a monument . go. the pilot turn the chopper toward godzilla -- 117 118 105 . int . helicopter - day the Pilot look up -- see the gunship , make a beeline for he . he be puzzle by its attack posture . the chain gun open fire . pilot shit ! ext . manhattan - day on godzilla : bullet rip across godzilla , toward fleer and Aaron on the restrain device . they dive for what cover they can find behind godzilla 's dorsal . on jill and tina : who see the attack . tina be not they on we side ? jill Pike . on pike : in the helicopter . pike ( nonchalant ) missile , please . on the gryphon : the pile of debris at the base of the Empire State Building shift ... then the gryphon emerge from it . it shake itself off , send up a cloud of masonry and dust . it look up -- and spot pike' gunship . the gryphon 's eye narrow , and it leap into the air -- on fleer and aaron : fleer see the missile launcher . fleer uh-oh . aaron uh-oh what ? on pike : who smile as the pilot put a hand on the fire control . the target screen show the restrain device dead - bang center -- 119 the gryphon hit the chopper . missile fire . hit the building beside godzilla , shrapnel spraying the transport helicopter . the concessive force buffet it , push it toward the building opposite -- on godzilla : fleer and Aaron be drag across the device -- the helicopter rotor dip , catch Aaron 's line -- it snap -- on godzilla : fleer be still be haul off the restrain device - - he grab at he harness release -- -- the helicopter smashes into the building , fall -- -- fleer tumble out of he harness as it be yank away -- -- but he 's out in space , a long drop below -- -- the helicopter crash to into the street , explode -- -- Aaron grab fleer 's arm -- fleer slam into the side of the device -- but he do not fall . Aaron , lie prone , hold he . fleer ... think I be go to use option two ... Aaron grunt , haul fleer back up . on pike' apache : it spin out of control . the gryphon 's huge paw swipe across the cockpit -- and the cockpit , pilot and gunner be go . the Apache hit a roof , crash off , into the street below . gryphon refocus on godzilla . scream as it dive for he -- fleer and Aaron whirl -- see the gryphon drop straight for they , claw extend for the kill -- -- it slam into the top of the surround building . the street be too narrow for its wingspan . it scream in frustration . then spot :. a wide intersection . the gryphon land . tries to move down the street toward godzilla . again , its wingspan be too wide . the gryphon pace back and forth , snarl . its eye narrow - - a idea occur . it fold back its wing . now it can fit between the building . it cross the fissure , stalk toward godzilla . 120 on jill and tina : who be between the gryphon and godzilla . Jill look up at Aaron and fleer , who be totally expose . jill uh-oh ... she look around the street . head for a abandon fuel tanker . it 's lock . she smashes the window with a trash can . tina Mom ... you be get a real jone for vandalism . jill I take after my daughter ... Jill climb into the cab ... root around in the back . find some road flare . then look at the ignition . check behind the visor . no key . jill damn ! from outside come a eager snarl . on aaron : who hear it , look up -- the gryphon be uncomfortably close . fleer look up , too -- then return to set a timer . fleer ignore it . just do the job . Aaron resume reeling in the line still attach to he harness -- but keep a wary eye peel . aaron ( under he breath ) -.. until you can not do the job . on jill : who grab Tina 's arm , haul she into the truck jill you can hot wire it , right ? Tina 's surprised -- then nod . she scramble beneath the dashboard . strip out the wire quickly . jill remember : green to red ... 121 Tina glance up at she , smile , make a adjustment . the engine grind , then start . jill can you drive it ? tina I can find first gear ... jill good enough ... get it roll toward that thing , then jump clear . Tina nod . Jill give she a quick hug , a kiss , then climb out of the cab , up on top of the truck . Tina put it in gear -- grind them a little . start forward . on godzilla : fleer pull another timer out of the bag . fleer shit ! aaron what ? 108 . fleer one of them 's bust ...crap . ( he look up at Aaron ) I can only set it for thirty second . Aaron look at the street . the gryphon be near , pick its way across break chunks of pavement , crush car . aaron thirty second can be a lifetime ... do it . Aaron tie he line off on the restrain device . fleer hook up the explosive . on jill : as she scramble back to the top hatch on the tank , open it . light the flare . the truck be head for the gryphon . the gryphon stop ... cock its head . what be this ? jill ( a mantra ) 122 get out , Tina , get out , Tina , get out , Tina ... and then Tina jump clear , roll . she sit up , stare after -- -- the tanker . Jill perch on top , flare blaze . head straight for the gryphon , pick up speed -- tina get out , mom , get out , mom , get out , mom ... Jill wait -- wait a little longer -- then drop the flare into the tank and jump -- she land in a pile of full garbage bag . Tina run to she -- -- the truck roar toward the gryphon . and then -- the gryphon sidestep . the truck pass between its leg . it look down , under itself , follow the truck 's passage . tina shit ! it miss ! the truck crash into the fissure behind the gryphon . the gryphon look up -- lock its stare on Jill and Tina . tina oh , shit ... the gryphon pace forward -- -- Jill grab Tina , dodge the swipe of a huge paw , pull she into a abandon storefront . 109 . the gryphon 's head loom huge in the shattered front window . it reach a paw in toward Jill and Tina , claw nearly reach they , back into a narrow recess -- suddenly , behind the gryphon , the truck explode -- -- and ignite the gas MAIN . another explosion . the pavement roil like a wave . a moving wall of flame explode from the street , catch the gryphon as it spring . Jill and Tina run for safety as the ground shake , dodging fall debris . tina goddammit , mom , you could have let 123 I in on you plan ! jill stop cursing . on godzilla : fleer and Aaron grab for handhold . fleer what the hell --? in the street , the gryphon be trap in a wall of flame , panicked , scream , try desperately to spread its wing . it finally twist free , demolosh building on either side of the street , its final scream so ear- piercingly loud that window shatter . the gryphon , still afire , climb into the sky , a fall star in reverse . aaron that 's go to make we explosion look puny ... fleer it 's not the size ... it 's how you use it . he set the final charge in place . look up at Aaron . Aaron nod , rope in he hand , poise to leap off the device . fleer push the button on both charge , then swing out onto Aaron 's back . they step off into space , repelling down to a terrace one hundred foot below . the timer count down : 21 , 20 , 19 ... jill and tina watch as the two figure drop down the rope . the timer hit 13 , 12 , will ... Aaron 's harness hit fray line , tangles , freeze . twenty foot to go . he can not free the line . fleer what 's wrong ?! aaron frozen -- I can not get it -- 124 fleer hit the release ! the timer tick off 7 , 6 , 5 ... Aaron yank the release - - he and fleer drop from the rope -- the charge explode -- Aaron and fleer hit the terrace hard -- the restraining device blows free -- line begin pool beside Aaron --his eye widen . look up -- the restrain device tank fall directly toward they -- they scramble for safety -- fleer grab Aaron 's collar , haul he out of the way just as the device crash to the terrace . they lie there , breathe hard -- and then the building shake . and there be a roar . godzilla be awake . he use the building to haul himself up . Aaron and fleer get the hell out of there . they race down stair as the building collapse around they . on jill and tina : as they run for the building . tina do they get out ? godzilla tower above they . he roar again . and above he , the gryphon scream . godzilla look up . the gryphon dive toward earth . patch of its skin be blacken , still smoking . it fire a bolt at godzilla - - -- who stagger , but do not fall . and then -- -- godzilla breathes FIRE , hit the gryphon head on -- the gryphon scream again , this time in pain , and veer off , toward the East River . godzilla roar again , and pound away , give chase . 111 . 125 tina there they be ! Aaron and fleer emerge from the demolish building , support each other , exhaust . but the tremor of godzilla 's exit dislodge a large , already precarious sign ; its bulk swing down toward the two man -- they dive flat . the sign barely miss they , crash to the ground . they lie there , unmove . Jill and Tina reach they . jill Aaron -- be you all right ? Aaron ? tina ( to fleer ) be you okay , mister ? aaron ( eye close ) Jill , Tina , Nelson fleer. Nelson , Jill and Tina . Jill laugh out loud in relief . from the river come a roar -- ext . manhattan - STREET - day Pike come to , batter , bleed , lie inside the wreck tail section of he Apache . he unstrap himself . a weapon locker have sprung open ; he grab a m16 . use the rifle as a crutch , he climb out . ext . manhattan - sky - day the gryphon gaze down . below , godzilla move between building , slip into the East River . the gryphon dive -- ext . manhattan - STREET - day Aaron , Jill , fleer and Tina run . the street be plunge into darkness by the shadow of the gryphon , then back to light once it pass . Jill pull up short -- Pike be stand right there , hold the machine gun . Beyond he be the gape entrance to the Brooklyn battery tunnel . jill Pike -- you bastard -- pike ( level the rifle ) please , Doctor . calm down . 126 from the river come a scream , a roar , the sound of battle -- -- and they the gryphon smashes down on its back intolerably close to the group , the impact knock they off they foot . the gryphon twist to its foot -- Pike , frighten , spray it with machine gun FIRE , pepper the gryphon . it react to the gnat-like irritation , spot Pike and the other -- tina the tunnel ! the gryphon lash out at they . they scramble for the tunnel -- int . tunnel - day the group run into the tunnel , the gryphon after they , a cat after mouse . it try to reach in after they , but its arm be too large . Pike , bring up the rear , empty the m16 at it . the gryphon snarl . open its mouth -- its tongue of snake lash out , two of they catch Pike around the waist and leg . pike help I ! Aaron catch for he arm , but Pike be yank away . he be drag out of the tunnel , into the gryphon 's mouth . the gryphon bite down -- Jill , Aaron , Tina and fleer be shocked . fleer spot a large tunnel utility truck . gesture , lead they to it . ext . manhattan - STREET - day the gryphon throw back its head , swallowing pike . the gryphon shut its eye -- twitches involuntarily . from the distance come godzilla 's roar . the gryphon look up at it . glance around the area . its eye fall on : the restraining device tank , lie in the street . amniotic fluid leak slowly from several crack . the gryphon scowl , narrow its eye , as though try to 127 remember something -- it do . it seem to smile . and then -- --the gryphon roll its head , cracking its neck -- Pike 's tic exactly . the gryphon pounce on the tank . it glance toward the East River . clutch the tank in its front paw , the gryphon take to the sky -- int . tunnel - day the utility truck race through the tunnel , ramming through abandon car . fleer , at the wheel , hit the brake . the truck slue to a stop . the entire width of the tunnel be block by a semi and trailer , halfway through a abort U - turn . jill I guess we walk . they climb out , hurry past the semi . on the wall be a sign : " Brooklyn battery tunnel - midpoint . ' ext . east river - day over the bay , the gryphon spot godzilla . head for he , skim above the water . godzilla see the gryphon come . cock he head to one side . the gryphon hold the tank in its paw , close on godzilla . godzilla step back , wary , almost look for a place to retreat to . the Brooklyn Bridge be behind he . he glance back at the gryphon -- the gryphon squeeze the tank in anticipation . Metal howl with strain . amniotic fluid seep out of the tank -- godzilla sink down into the water , seemingly afraid . just he head visible above the water line -- suddenly godzilla breathes FIRE -- not at the gryphon , but across the water , create a curtain of steam . a instant fog bank . the gryphon be blind but can not pull up -- godzilla dive -- the gryphon scream , bank , suddenly fly blind -- and then the brooklyn bridge loom up out of the fog . the gryphon hit the bridge full speed . tangles in the cabling . 128 drop the tank -- godzilla erupt from the water , smashes into the gryphon -- the gryphon tear one arm free from the cable . reaches for the tank -- with a almost casual flip of he tail , godzilla send the tank fly out of the river , into Manhattan . the gryphon scream in frustration . the gryphon twist , and godzilla become tangle with some cable . the gryphon snap its wing open - - a bio -electric bolt scrabble across they -- the cable be electrify . godzilla be electrocuted . the gryphon tear free , slam into the reeling godzilla . godzilla stumble backward -- int . tunnel - day the tunnel shake . roof tile come loose , clatter down . Aaron , Jill , fleer and Tina freeze . look up . fleer uh-oh . another boom and crack appear . Water begin to seep through . aaron I guess we run ! they start run . ext . east river - day godzilla have a deathlock on the gryphon . the gryphon flap furiously , strain with all its might . both monster be lift out of the water -- godzilla twist around and bite the gryphon 's wing , tear a chunk out of it -- the monster crash back into the water -- int . tunnel - day Jill , Aaron , fleer and Tina look back , over they shoulder -- in the distance , about a half - mile away , the roof of the tunnel 129 cave in -- godzilla 's foot appear , crush down from the ceiling -- hundred of thousand of gallon of water pour in past godzilla 's leg , gush down from above . ton of water , fill the tunnel , sweeping toward the foursome -- Jill spot a abandon car - - a red subaru . its door open . jill in there ! the roar of the approach water be deafening . they have only second . they scramble for the car -- Pov - the wall of water , as it rush toward they and the car , pick up speed -- int . subaru - day Aaron behind the wheel , Jill beside he , fleer and Tina in the back . they slam the door shut -- aaron seat-belt ! 115 . they pull the shoulder belt across . fleer frantically search for he latch -- its bury in the seat . he dig it out . the belt tongue go in with a soft ' click !-- just as the wall of water slam into the car -- int . tunnel - day the subaru be toss like toy . it roll . twist . be sweep along , carom off a police car -- all be shove along by the immense force of the water . it wash over the car , cover they , fill the tunnel -- int . subaru - day the foursome be throw violently , the seat - belt barely hold they in place . the vehicle be completely submerge . some water seep in , but the passenger compartment for the most part hold -- Tina scream as a man' face be drive hard against the side window , then wash away . 130 fleer uh-oh . the bumper of a bottled - water truck be visible , grow larger in the windshield . they be hurtle toward it -- int . tunnel - underwater - day the angle of the two vehicle cause the subaru to be shunt to one side , smash in tight between the truck and the wall of the tunnel . a violent , sudden stop as the hood crumple . int . subaru - day the foursome breath hard as they recover . Aaron straighten behind the wheel -- and grimace in pain , unnotice by the other . there come the loud creak of metal under stress . a small rear window crack with gunshot suddenness . Water seep through the crack . fleer we have get to equalize the pressure or it 's go to crush we . everyone -- crack you window a little bit . they do so . Water pour in . 116 . fleer now we can open the door to get out -- aaron one problem . Jill look over at he . gasp . the steering wheel and dashboard have be torque , pin he . she lean across , try to wrench the wheel up . jill dammit ! can you wiggle out ? aaron no ... not yet . the water in the car be waist level now -- and rise . fleer lean across the seat . together , he and Jill try to pull the wheel up . nothing . tina can you get the seat lever ? Aaron reach down , find it -- pull it . a loud clunk . fleer try to pull the seat back . no go . fleer ( strain ) it feel like its just about to give -- Water be at they shoulder now . aaron get out of here . all of you . jill do not be stupid . aaron you , either . get out . he tilt he head back to breath . a final deep breath , and he be submerge . the car be fill . underwater , Aaron indicate : ' get out . ' Jill and fleer , hold they breath , keep try to free he . he push they away . Tina look on , frighten . she reach for the door latch , push the door open -- it hit the tunnel wall -- and stop . she go wide - eye . pushes it a couple time . no go . Jill and fleer exchange a glance . they try they door . they be wedge shut by the bottled - water truck . Tina roll she window all the way down -- but the tunnel wall prevent she from wriggle out . the truck present the same obstacle on the other side . Jill , fleer and Aaron exchange a dismay glance . ext . east river - day godzilla hold the gryphon beneath the water . the gryphon buck furiously . lever its rear leg into godzilla 's belly , and 131 132 push , claw rip flesh , shove godzilla back . the gryphon surface , gasp for breath . it slashes its wing tip across godzilla 's eye , and take off . godzilla hit it with a blast of FIRE as it move away -- int . subaru - underwater - day Aaron get a idea . he reach down and pull the rear hatch release . it pop open . the last air in the car evacuate in a large bubble . he indicate : ' go ! ' fleer shove Tina out . hesitates . Aaron gesture angrily . fleer go . sadly , Jill take Aaron 's hand . a moment between they . Jill look away -- through the windshield be the water bottle truck . there be cap , fill bottle . bubbles pour out of uncapped , empty bottle , still in they rack . but several rack be empty . Jill push away from Aaron , out of the car . int . tunnel - underwater - day fleer and Tina swim above the subaru . the tunnel be illumine by a weird combination of emergency lamp and headlight stabbing through the water . Jill swim up to they , look up past they -- the ceiling be dark , unknowable . a leap of faith , then . she gesture ' follow I ' to fleer and Tina , and swim upward -- int . subaru - underwater - day Aaron be not move , conserve he breath . only he eye belay he panic . they dart from side to side . tear well up . he clenches he jaw . his eye roll back as he air run out . his mouth open , a few last bubbles escape -- suddenly , Jill be there , swim up to he -- -- and kissing he . Air bubbles rise up from they lip . Aaron be shocked -- realize she have transfer air to he . fleer be behind he then . Jill brace she foot on the dashboard and pull up at the wheel while fleer strain against the seat . Aaron twist -- 133 -- and come free . the three swim out of the car . int . tunnel - underwater - day Aaron follow Jill and fleer toward the ceiling of the tunnel . Tina wait for they , buoy up against the tile by the three large water bottle she be hold onto . they be cap , and empty -- except , of course , for air . at the base of one they have make a pinhole , which Tina cover with she thumb . Aaron grin . brilliant . Jill take the pinhole bottle from tina-- air bubbles stream up as they transfer it . Jill put she mouth to the pinhole , take a breath in demonstration . hold the bottle out to Aaron . they face close together , he draw a deep breath , hold she gaze . a intense moment between they . Tina , watch they , frown , puzzle . what 's go on there ? then Jill smile at he . tilt she head toward the exit . Aaron smile back , nod . int . tunnel - underwater - day each with a water bottle , the foursome half - swim , half - walk upside down on the ceiling , make they way toward the light at the tunnel mouth . ext . east river - day blood from godzilla 's wound stain the water . godzilla ignore it . he stand , not move , stare into the sky , scan it -- much as he do in the taki Islands . then he stiffen -- he 's spot something , a small dot in the distance . ext . manhattan - sky - day the gryphon , too , be wounded . literally lick its wound . it fly slowly , circle Manhattan far below . it circle faster , become more agitate -- it scream -- and sweep its wing back . it begin a power dive , straight toward godzilla . ext . east river - day godzilla make a slight sound at the back of he throat - - he know the gryphon be come . but he do not move . he wait . 134 the gryphon hurtle toward earth , claw bare , its speed peel its lip back in a viscous snarl -- godzilla wait -- the gryphon be nearly on godzilla , scream toward he -- godzilla leap forward suddenly , exposing the three rows of jagged dorsal fin along he back -- the gryphon be ripped OPEN , from stem to stern . both monster crash down into the river . a huge impact wave race in both direction down the East River , flooding street on either shore -- ext . tunnel mouth - day Aaron emerge from the watery depth of the tunnel , into sunlight , Jill , Tina and fleer right behind he . a number of military vehicle , helicopter and personnel in the area . the foursome suck in air and hug in celebration -- but then Aaron freeze . the other turn to see what he 's stare at : ext . east river - day godzilla shakily find he foot . he tackle the gryphon , who struggle wildly , a wounded and vicious animal . it try to get airborne . godzilla grab the gryphon 's tail , haul it down . godzilla lever he finger into the gryphon 's rib cage and pull its body apart with a vicious crack -- godzilla slam the gryphon back into the river . he strike like a snake , tooth glint , jaw slamm shut beneath the water -- godzilla tear the head off the gryphon , hold it up . stare at it . its eye be close . its not move -- and then the eye SNAP OPEN -- -- and the body erupt from the water , claw blindly at godzilla even as it try to repair itself . godzilla breathes a stream of FIRE into the body -- like be microwave , the body ignites from the inside - out -- -- and explode . hanging from godzilla 's hand , the head snarl and bite . godzilla give it a almost - exasperate look -- 135 -- and spike the head on jag remain of one of the tower of Brooklyn Bridge . the head stop snap . weird blue eye stare starkly . godzilla lean close to it . stare back . it be dead . godzilla roar . injured , bleed from dozen of wound , but triumphant , godzilla begin push through the water , back to open sea . ext . tunnel mouth - day Aaron realize he 's be hold he breath . exhales in relief . tina be ... be it over ? jill I think so . I hope so . fleer stare out at the battleground . the river red with blood and ichor . the head stake atop the bridge . fleer I do not care how much you pay I ... I be not gonna help clean this up . suddenly , from the sky come a scream -- ext . sky - day it be the scream of fighter jet , streaking toward they . ext . tunnel mouth - day fleer that 's a attack formation ... the jet FIRE . missile streak toward godzilla -- impact . godzilla roar in pain . the jet streak past , banking to come around for another pass . fleer ( yell at the fighter ) 136 hey ! knock it off ! aaron Jill -- they can not -- jill I know . she look around -- and spot : a familiar huey helicopter . jill you ! the huey Pilot turn -- and be startle to see she . 121 . huey pilot Christ , I think I be rid of you . jill we need you helicopter . huey pilot ( laugh ) forget it . I tell you -- I do not have clearance -- jill I be give you the clearance -- huey pilot screw you . bring I up on charge , I do not care . no way I be leave the ground . there be the sound of a gun cock -- behind Jill , Tina have levele she pistol at the pilot . tina you really ought to listen to my mom . the huey Pilot stare agog . smiling , fleer slip the pilot 's sidearm from its holster . ext . governor's island - day benedek 137 tell Red wing one to target its wound specifically -- and not let up ! I want saturation fire ! int . fighter cockpit - day the fighter pilot have godzilla in he site . godzilla look up , wounded and tired , show a lot of the white of he eye . he 's prepare to die . fighter pilot Roger that , Ground . commence strafing run -- what the -- the huey copter have rise up suddenly , between the fighter and godzilla . ext . sky - day the fighter veer aside , jetwash buffete the rescue copter . ext . governor's island - day benedek have see the action through binocular . benedek ( into mic ) Red wing one , make another approach . unidentified copter , get the hell out of there ! do you copy ? jill ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) we be not go anywhere , benedek . benedek stare at the speaker . benedek Dr. llewellyn ? int . huey - day the huey Pilot at the control , nervously aware of Tina hold the gun . Tina , not really pay attention , let the barrel of she gun droop . fleer lift it back on line with a finger . Jill be on the radio , Aaron beside she . jill benedek -- call off the fighter ! intercut with benedek benedek do not be insane , Jill ! godzilla be weak , wounded -- jill we can not kill godzilla . benedek I say we can . Red wing , target the creature . if the helicopter do not move , splash it ! jill benedek , think ! we could not have stop the gryphon without godzilla . we know it come from space -- how many more be there ? benedek start to say something -- pause . int . fighter - day the jet 's computer target system lock on to the huey , godzilla beyond it . fighter pilot ( into radio ) we have a lock on the target . ext . governor's island - day benedek be tear . jill ( filter ) ( vepeat it ) how many more ? it 's a tough call for benedek -- but he reach for the mic . benedek Red wing one -- break off attack . 138 139 ext . manhattan - day the jet sweep past the copter , then past godzilla . godzilla watch they go by , then turn for the sea -- and collapse , suddenly just deadweight . he slowly sink out of sight , unmove . the water be stain pinkish by he blood . int . huey - day tina be it ... be he dead ? aaron I ... do not know . fleer goddammit . we be too late . Jill stare sadly down at the ocean . she lower she head . jill ( a whisper ) no . ( look at Aaron ) I guess I be out of a job . aaron you and I both ... tina he 's still out there , mom . 124 . jill ( want to believe it ) yes ...he 's still out there . a pause . aaron so what do we do ? Jill 's response be simple : she put a arm around Tina , draw she close . a moment ... then she put out a hand to Aaron ... who take it . together , they look out at the calm water . 140 and then fleer spot something : fleer ( admiration ) I know he be a tough bastard . ( point ) look ! in the ocean : disturbing the surface be a V -shape wake , cause by godzilla 's passage beneath the water . the wake become longer as he pick up speed and head out toward open sea . camera drop to below the water into the murky depth . silence , godzilla be not there ... but then we hear the characteristic booming of godzilla 's heart . and as the screen fade to black , we hear one last thing : godzilla's distinctive roar . the end