godzilla by Dean Devlin &amp ; roland emmerich first draft 2/19/96 fade in : a iguana ... crawl off its nest , leave its egg expose . 1 ext . moruroa atoll island , french polynesia - pacific 1 grainy , kodak color , nineteen sixty documentary footage of a beautiful polynesian island . we see quick shot of kimono dragon , gila monster and chameleon all in they natural tropical environment . Super : moruro atoll Islands , french polynesia - June 1968 incongruously over this jungle environment we hear a static ride radio filter voice , slowly count down in french . it be almost as through the reptile of the island be reacting to the countdown as they anxiously move about . suddenly with a brilliant flash of white light , a nuclear explosion mushroom into the sky . we see a series of real shot of footage of some of the over one hundred and sixty official nuclear test the french government hold in this tropical region . explosion after explosion devastate the locale . one building after the next , accelerate in momentum , culminate in one final explosion . the clould - fill sky begin to drizzle . the ash -like fallout drift downward onto what 's leave of the island below . we follow this ash as it settles next to a dead reptile , unrecognizable now , and down onto what 's leave of the lizard 's egg . suddenly the image clear from the grainy footage to clean , modern high resolution . we zoom in on one of the egg as it slowly get bury in the fall ash . we continue to push in , get closer ... closer ... smash CUT to : 2 ext . pacific ocean - oil tanker - rainstorm - night 2 smash through the choppy water , barely by the storm we see the cori akido , a japanese oil supertanker . Super : Pacific Ocean , present day 3 int . cori akido - bridge - night 3 we track across the complicated computerize navigational console that be actually steering the immense ship . in the b.g. we hear a japanese t.v. program play . at the end of the console be the ship 's skipper , a overweight japanese seaman sleepily watch a snowy satellite broadcast of a sumo wrestle match . suddenly the sonar blare out a warning alarm . startle , the skipper awake and stumble out of he chair over to the console . the sonar display a enormous Mass head quickly toward the ship . the skipper 's eye go wide . he hit a klaxon alarm , awak the entire ship . he press the radio / intercom . skipper ( in japanese ) Captain . this be the bridge . we have a emergency . 4 int . supertanker' hallway - same - night 4 alarm blaring . the crew rush out of they quarter and into the hall . quickly they race for the upper deck . 5 int . other hallway - by kitchen 5 the ship 's elderly cook poke he head out of the kitchen and yell at some of the crew as they pass by . cook ( in japanese ) what 's go on ? what 's happen ? before anyone can answer , the ship be rocked by a enormous thud as something hit the side of the immense ship . the crew tumble as the ship sways violently . the old cook be throw to the floor . he look up nervously . 6 int . bridge - same - night 6 the captain enter quickly , join the skipper at the console . captain ( in japanese ) what be that !? skipper ( in japanese ) I can not tell ... again , the ship be hit . a enormous crashing SOUND be heard as the ship rock to one side , toss the Captain and skipper to the floor . suddenly we hear the tell - tale , famous scream wail of we creature from somewhere outside . terror shine in the Captain 's eye at the sound . 7 int . hallway - continuous - night 7 the crew , get back on they foot , react to the horrible wailing SOUND . suddenly the ship be hit again . this time something enormous rip through the hull , crush one of the crew member as it tear through the wall . Water rush through the large gape hole , quickly fill the hallway . the cook and what 's leave of the crew scurry for the stair , as the water level chase they . 8 int . bridge - same - night 8 the ship 's computer be whirling with warning light and alarm . as the skipper try to adjust the control in vain , the Captain grab the ship 's p.a. system . captain ( in japanese ) abandon ship ! abandon ship ! man the lifeboat ... but before he can say anything more , something whip across the bridge 's enormous windshield , shatter the glass . be it a tail ? no way , far too big . 9 ext . ship be deck - same - night 9 the door burst open as the crew and the cook rush out onto the deck . again , the ship be hit , rocking it violently . a tarp be rip away , revealing a life boat . two more life boat be reveal behind it as the crew desperately try to hoist they up and over the side . angle - water beside the tanker something enormous jolt out of the water towards the ship . through the rainstorm it be hard to make out what it be , but it slam into the side of the ship , ripping into it , pull down the starboard side as it do . could that have be a claw ? the crew be throw backwards . the lifeboat swing wildly , several of they smashing into bit as they slam against the ship . the claw or whatever it be , rip into the side again . this time the entire ship begin to flip over . a lifeboat bounce off the deck and slide off the side . follow it be the cook . desperately , the cook grab onto the ship 's side railing to keep from fall off . he look back and sees something so horrible that he scream in terror and let go of the railing . the old cook slide over the side as the enormous tanker flip over . CUT to : windshield wiper clear at they high speed , we see through the rain douse windshield , dr . niko " nick " tatopoulos . Music blare from the tiny headphone of he walkman . nick ( sing ) ... I be sing in the rain , just sing in the rain ... CUT to : 10 int . russian town - rain - day 10 the utility van race through this small Russian town right past a roadblock mark with the international sign for " no trespass " and " nuclear radiation . " nick ... " what a glorious feel . I be happy again ... " as the van disappear down the road , we crane up revealing a city sign read : CHERNOBYL , russia . 11 ext . CHERNOBYL dirt park - rain - day 11 with the infamously crippled nuclear power plant in the distance , the utility van slide to a muddy stop by this field of dirt . Nick hop out quickly and rush to the back of the van . he open the back of the van and grab several metallic case . walk a few yard away from the van , he dump the case on the ground , open they to reveal a assortment of sophisticated scientific equipment . tape to the inside be several photo of a girl we will meet later . some of the photo be of she look young and beautiful . other be of the two of they happily together . with a switch he turn on the equipment which come to life . Inside one of the case be several cable attach to long spike . he grab they and dash away . nick ... " I be laugh at cloud , so dark up above ... " Nick rush over to a small patch of land and begin to shove the spike into the muddy earth . nick ... " the sun 's in my heart and I be ready for love ... " once firmly in the ground , he rush back over to the van and pop the hood . close - van' engine we see the steaming engine and a large electric car battery . nick ... " let the cloudy sky chase ... " he attaches the cable to the battery and they spark ! Nick yelp and jump back . shake off the shock , he rush back over to the mud pit , drop down to he knee . suddenly , raise from the mud we see dozen of earthworm . excitedly tatopoulos grab a big empty glass jar and begin fill the jar with worm , happily in he element . nick ... " I be singin ' in the mud , just scoop up my worm ... " unable to hear over he walkman , he be oblivious as a enormous russian military helicopter land right behind he . from the intense wind kick up by the helicopter , tatopoulos finally turn in time to see several russian officer come toward he . Nick scramble to he foot . nick ( break Russian ) good day . I be here with permission ... I have a , a ... ( in English ) permit . how do you say permit ? he go through he pocket look for he permit . male voice ( o.s. ) Dr. Nick topopolosis ? tatopoulos look up as the Russian soldier move past he and over towards he case of equipment . a man in a long raincoat come forward . nick it 's tatopoulos . terrington the worm guy , right ? ( extend he hand as he approach ) Kyle terrington , U.S. State Department . the Russian soldier close up he equipment and take it off to the helicopter . nick what be they do ? terrington you have be reassign . nick you can not shut I down now ! my research here 's not finish ! terrington it be now . CUT to : 12 ext . papeete - tahiti - STREET - day 12 coastal town of papeete , tahiti . with the ocean in the distance , through the heat wave we see a row of official look black sedan come toward we . 13 ext . papeete hospital - continuous - day 13 the door to the sedan open as a group of very official look government type . stop to light he cigarette be phillip raymond , 40' , intense , dangerous and worst of all ... french . 14 int . hospital hallway - moment later - day 14 Raymond lead the official look group down the hall . a briefing officer rush over . ( the follow dialog be entirely in french with subtitles ) briefing officer the japanese consulate have be call and we have be get pressure from the Americans . raymond what do you tell they ? briefing officer nothing yet . raymond be there any other survivor ? briefing officer only one , Sir . he be very lucky . the group arrive at a door at the end of the hall . the briefing Officer open the door . raymond be p.o.v . - through OPEN door in the corner of the large room we see the old cook from the tanker curl up in the fetal position . the doctor and a few nurse be attend to he . raymond get they out of there . two of the official move in and escort the doctor and nurse out of the room . Raymond nod to two other official who begin to unpack some recording equipment , include a video camera . 15 int . hospital room - same 15 Raymond enter and move close to the old cook , kneel down in front of he , inspect he distant glare . the old cook seem to be in a world of he own , rock back and forth . Raymond nod to another official who come forward . raymond ( in french ) ask he what happen . the second official ask he in japanese , but the old cook do not respond . he ask again but the old cook seem to be in a world of he own . briefing officer ( in English ) it 's no use . he 's be like this since we fished he out of the ocean . whatever happen to that tanker put he in a complete state of shock . Raymond take out he lighter and ignites it on high . the old cook 's eye slowly come back to life , transfix by the fire . slowly he bring the flame close to the old cook 's face . raymond ( in English ) what do you see , old man ? drawn out of himself by the flame ... old cook ( weakly ) gojira ... gojira ... Raymond shoot a look at the second official for a explanation . second official ( in English ) I have no idea what he be say . old cook ( stronger ) ... gojira !... gojira !... gojira !! CUT to : 16 ext . gulf of den san miguel , panama - day 16 a small sea plane fly over this jungle region of Panama , darting up the Gulf into the lush greenery of the countryside . Super : guilfo de San miguel , Panama - 45 km outside of La paz slowly the plane begin to descend , landing by a small village . 17 ext . village fishing dock - moment later - day 17 several soldier unload Nick 's cargo as he step out of the plane onto the dock . as he walk towards shore he sees ... nick be p.o.v . - police barricade dozen of citizen as well as the press be gather at a police barricade ; they access to the village deny . panamanian Police and U.S. military work together to keep people out . march up the shore to greet Nick be major tony hick , 30' , efficient , who be spearhead this operation . major hick Dr. niko topopolosis ? nick ( correct ) it 's tatopoulos . major hick right . the worm guy . ( to guard at blockade ) can someone get that people off the beach ? nick Excuse I , would you mind tell I what the hell I be do here ? major hick follow I . the Major lead Nick up the beach away from the crowd . nick you do not answer my question . in fact , for the last 18 hour no one have answer any of my question . major hick we have a situation on we hand that require you particular expertise . angle - destroyed village hut several soldier and researcher be investigate the site when Nick and the Major walk past . nick look , I may work for the nuclear Regulatory Commission but accident and spill be not my field . major hick we know . Major hick motion to some guard who clear a blockade away from a jungle pathway . Major hick take the pathway . nick do you know that you just interrupt a three year study of the Chernobyl earthworm ? major hick yeah , you be the worm guy . nick the radioactive contamination in that area alter the earthworm 's DNA ! you have any idea what that mean ? major hick no , but I have the feel I be about to find out . nick it mean that due to a man make accident the Chernobyl earthworm be now over seventeen percent larger than they be before . mutated by seventeen percent ? Major hick stop , turn to Nick . major hick ( bemuse ) seventeen percent , huh ? sound big . nick they be enormous ! a new species create by man 's recklessness . that 's what I have be try to tell you , I be only a biologist . I take radioactive sample and study they . major hick then you be perfect . ( point to the ground ) here 's you radioactive sample . Study it . with that Major hick walk away . nick what sample ? major hick you be stand on it . Nick look down , see nothing . nick I do not see it . ( no response ) where be it ? we crane up above he , pull back farther and farther , until we see he 's stand inside of a 15 yard long gigantic footprint in the sand . nick ( cont 'd ) I do not see it ! two scientist have spread out a tape measure to document its length as two other inspect it with geiger counter . Nick see they and realize he 's stand in a remarkable discovery . he look up ahead and sees ... overhead titlt shot - Foot step ...- five gigantic footstep in front of he . other researcher examine the print with all kind of equipment . geiger counter , click , clicking away . Nick be stunne . 18 ext . tatter village remains - moment later 18 Nick rush to catch up with Major hick who walk towards a command tent in the distance . nick ( flabbergasted ) that be a footprint . I be stand inside a footprint . major hick that 's right . nick but there 's no animal in the world that can make print like that ? be there ? major hick we be hope you be go to help we figure that out . the Major gesture to the many villager who be be attend to . some be injure , other be be examine for radiation . the village have be decimate . nick somebody must have see it . major hick it happen so fast no one know what hit they ' till be be over . a jeep pull up and peter , a young researcher , come rush over with a video tape in he hand . as he pass Major hick ... peter ( on the run ) tape 's in . the french finally release it . Peters take off for the command ' tent . Nick and the Major follow . command tent - continuous - day part military , part scientific command post . lot of activity . Peters wave the tape as he rush over to a television . Major hick and Nick follow . major hick a tanker be attack and sink yesterday near the french Polynesian . we think there 's a connection . woman scientist ( elsie ) be that the tape of the witness ? excitedly , elsie chapman , heavy set , early 30' , paleontologist and head of the research team , lead several of she colleague over to the t.v. nick hi. Nick tatopoulos ... elsie ah , elsie chapman , paleontologist . she 's clearly attract to he . this do not escape Nick , who 's not too comfortable with she flirtatious glare . she turn to a scientist stand next to she , dr . clive craven . elsie ( cont 'd ) Dr. craven , have you meet the worm guy ? dr . craven Nice to meet you . the t.v. turn on and we see the old cook , rock on he bed , repeat over and over the same word ... old cook ( filter through t.v. ) ... gojira ... gojira ... gojira ... this be all too overwhelming for he . he turn from the t.v. and look out into the jungle . slowly he walk away , stare at something in the distance with total awe . elsie walk up next to he . elsie what could have possibly do all that ? we reverse angle and see what they be stare at . a gigantic path cut through the jungle . something of immense size have trample and cut a deep and wide path right through the jungle forest that go on for mile on end . over the stunne face of Nick we hear ... old cook ( o.s. ) ( filter ) ... gojira ... gojira ... gojira ... CUT to : t.v. monitor - jungle footage the same beach scene we see when Nick arrive . over it ... reporter ( filter ) ... american and panamanian troops quarantine off a section of the panamanian jungle today amid unconfirm report of a crash Air Force jet ... widen to reveal : 19 int . wnew t.v. station - day 19 as we widen we see this be one of several wall mount monitor all show channel wnew . through the glass doorway nearby we see charle caiman , 40' , handsome , enter the office . audrey ( o.s. ) Murray want this copy to each field producer ... angle - secretary desk stand in front of the desk be audrey timmond , early thirty , attractive , small town girl who still have not toughened in the big city and talk with she co-worker , lucy , sit . audrey and I be suppose to remind you to call he on all of caiman 's expense p.o. 's . lucy speak of the devil . just then caiman pass behind they . audrey ( nervous ) think I should ask he ? I be go to ask he . you think I should ? I will . audrey make the decision and bolt after caiman . Lucy roll she eye . lucy oh girl ... angle - caiman as he walk towards he office audrey race up to he . see she , he walk faster hope to avoid she . he can not . audrey do you talk with humphry ? caiman this be not the place ... audrey just tell I , do you talk with he ? caiman he say he would consider it . it 's between you and rodriguez . audrey be you serious ? he 's go to consider I for he job ? what else do he say ? they arrive at he office . a enormous standee of himself with the action news crew be there . caiman why do not I tell you over dinner tonight ? you place . he stop at he door . audrey be startle . audrey Mr. caiman , you be marry . caiman and you be beautiful ... audrey Mr. caiman ... caiman call I Charlie . audrey ( stubbornly ) Mr. caiman , I have be do extra research for you after hour and weekend for nearly a year . and I have never ask for anything but this job be really important to I . I be too old to be a assistant anymore . I need to know this job be go someplace . caiman so have dinner with I tonight . audrey I can not . caiman it 's you choice . caiman shut the door on she . she turn and be face to face with the standee of caiman . she take out she chew gum and plaster it on he nose . CUT to : 20 ext . jamaican highway - aerial shot - day 20 over the bumpy jamaican highway we follow from above several military jeep racing in convoy . Super : great pedro bluff , Jamaica 21 int . jeep - same 21 elsie , Nick and clive be cramped together along with Nick 's equipment in the back of the jeep . Nick look very uncomfortable . elsie look at Nick ... lasciviously . elsie Three year digging up worm in Chernobyl ? how do Mrs. tatopoulos handle it ? nick oh , I be not marry . elsie really ? a girlfriend then ? nick no. perhaps I work too much . elsie ( filter ) you mean to tell I that there be no one who hold a special place in you heart ? Nick seem to get lose in think . nick not for a long time , now . elsie well , I think you be cute . nick ( awkward ) oh , thank you . ( whisper to clive ) be she always like this ? clive ( conspiratorially ) I have to beat she off with a stick . the sound of a helicopter zoom overhead . aerial shot - helicopter - same - day a helicopter zoom past we convoy . as we follow the helicopter we reveal ... jamaican beach with a beached cargo ship - day take up nearly the entire beach , a enormous cargo ship lay on its side in the sand . two gigantic hole , rip into its hull . military jeep Nick hop out and join Major hick et al as they push past the gather crowd of onlooker . the group give a collective gasp as they see the ship for the first time . Three man ( who we will recognize from the tahiti hospital ) take measurement of the hole in the ship . major hick who be they ? Lieutenant , get that people away from there . raymond ( french accent ) they be with I ! everyone in the group turn to find Mr. Phillip Raymond . major hick and who be you ? Raymond hand he , as well as anyone who want one , he business card . raymond chargeure , property and casualty insurance . we be prepare a report . major hick you be fast . raymond that be we job . major hick well you people be get in the way of my job . raymond Major , what do you think could have do this ? major hick get you people out of there or I will . the Major walk away . Raymond study he as he do . angle - ship Nick can not take he eye off the enormous hole in the hull . he step closer and turn to Peters , who 's take radiation count of the ship . nick mind if I borrow this ? Peter hand he he geiger counter and walk into the crack hull of the ship . 22 int . cargo hull - continuous - day 22 Inside be eerily dark and creepy . the gut of the ship be tangle inside . holding a geiger counter , he get reading from all over the area . one particular spot , above he , seem slightly stronger . Nick sees something there . he open he knapsack and put on some rubber glove , remove a glass jar ( like the one from Chernobyl ) carefully he climb the debris until he reach a sharp shard of metal . cling to it he find a meaty chunk of reptile flesh . he try remove it but he only get half . he place it into he jar . just as he reach for the other half , something give way . with a jolt , the section above he collapse . a rush of water fall and a human body swing down , just in front of he . Nick tumble backwards , he heart pound . the body swing lifelessly as it hang from above . the other rush to he side , check to see if he 's all right . peter you okay , Nick ? nick yeah , I be ...wait ... I lose ... Nick look around frantically when the glass sample jar be suddenly hand to he . raymond be you look for this ? nick thanks . Raymond study Nick as he join the rest outside . dissolve to : underwater - nets - moving p.o.v. we be move very quickly underwater . ahead of we be some large fishing nets with a catch of fish carry in the bunt . quickly we be head for a collision . 23 ext . atlantic ocean - off new england coast - day 23 a great day for fishing . slice through the water we see three New England fishing trawlers , the harpo , the chico , and the groucho . 24 ext . the harpo - same - day 24 arthur be at the wheel . suddenly the engine whine as the ship begin to slow down . surprise , Arthur check he throttle . 25 ext . the chico - same - day 25 leonard and he 1st mate be puzzle by the engine whine of they own ship . leonard Jerry , why be we slow down ? jerry ( o.s. ) she 's heavy in the bunt . leonard that be fast . 26 ext . the groucho - same - day 26 the captain , jule , have not notice a thing as he lay on he deck tanning himself , a boom-abox blaring next to he . suddenly thud . the ship jolt for a second . Jules slide and bang he head into the boom -box . he yelp . deck hand the net be full ! jule then bring them in ! deck hand we can not . she will not budge ! Jules get up to move aft when thud , again the ship rock . all three boat slow to a crawl Arthur try to gun he engine but it only whine . soon all three boat stop dead . nothing but quiet for a long beat . arthur what be go on ? then with another jolt all three boat begin to move backward , dragge by there own nets ! leonard she 's go sternway ! first mate what the hell do we catch ? the three boat begin to pick up speed , move backward in the water . Water splashes up into the boat , winch begin to crack under the building pressure . the boat begin to move incredibly fast backwards . thing on the boat begin to break and crash down onto the deck of the ship . jule cut we free ! cut the net ! the same cry be hear on all three boat . Leonard grab a axe and start hacking away at the tow line . Jules and he deck hand do the same . wire sheer be bring out for the larger cable connect to the net . desperately they try and free themselves as they boat be drag helplessly backwards . arthur ( scream at he man ) cut the damned cable ! a cable snap ! Jules fall backward as the cable and rope be either cut or snap from the pressure . they boat stop . another cable snap ! Leonard and he crew tumble to the deck as they boat be freed . the harpo be not so fortunate . the lone boat drag backwards , faster now without the weight of the other boat . then suddenly the aft of the boat begin to get pulled down , dip into the water . with a unstoppable force the harpo get pulled under water . deck hand leap off the boat as the top cabin be crushed as the entire ship slowly disappear beneath the sea . for a moment all be quiet . no one can believe what just happen . heart pound , catch they breath . then with a whoosh of air pressure , the harpo burst out of the water . with a gigantic splash , the boat flop on its side and capsize . the water calm , but the nerve of Jules and Leonard do not . dissolve to : 27 ext . cloudy skie - military transport plane - day 27 a storm be brewing ahead as this large military Transport plane glide into view then bank away . petri dish a small piece of Nick 's sample be cut away and place on a glass microscope slide . wide to reveal : 28 int . military transport plane - same - day 28 Nick sit on the floor surround by he sloppily unpack equipment as he place the slide under he microscope , examine he specimen . quickly step over he a young soldier rush over to Major hick , seat with the rest of the team on the plane 's oppose bench . the solider interrupt they discussion . soldier Major , we just get a report of a fishing trawler go down . exact position , forty seven degree latitude , 67 longitude . major hick what make you think it 's related ? soldier the trawler be pull under . the team exchange worried glance . hick move over to a map where the other incident have be mark . he trace he finger up the 67th longitude until he hit the 47th parallel . just off the East Coast . major hick Jesus Christ ! it 's only two hundred mile off the american Eastern seaboard and we do not even know what it be . elsie < i> theropoda allosaurus < / i>. some type of enormous reptile the like of which we have not see since the age of prehistoric dinosaur . clive ( sarcastic ) so where 's be hide the last sixty million year ? elsie the depth and breath of the ocean floor have barely be explore . his kind could have survive there completely undetected . nick ( o.s. ) what about the trace of radiation ? everyone turn to discover Nick have walk over hold he loosely scribble note in he hand . nick the radiation be not a anomaly , it 's the clue . this creature be far too unique on every level to be some lose dinosaur . major hick do not tell I why it 's not , tell I what the hell it be . nick what do we know ? it be first sighted off the french polynesian Pacific . a area that have be expose to dozen of nuclear test over the last thirty year . elsie hence the radiation . nick more than that . I believe this be a mutate aberration , a hybrid from the fall out in that region . clive ( sarcastic ) like you earthworm ? nick yes ! we be look at a completely incipient creature . the dawn of a new species . the first of its kind . CUT to : ocean water Racing close to the ocean water below , something dark and enormous move swiftly below the surface . we tilt up from the raging tide up to reveal ... 29 ext . manhattan island - skyline - rain - day 29 a storm have arrive as rain moisten the city ahead . 30 int . diner - same - day 30 dripping wet , audrey enter from the rain , remove she raincoat . she walk to a booth where Lucy and animal , a slovenly , italian video cameraman be he mid-thirty , be take they lunch break . Animal have two plate of food he cobble down . audrey ( sit ) my life suck . lucy oh , please , you life do not suck . his life suck . animal ( between chew ) that 's cuz I be marry to you . lucy shut up . how can you eat like that ? animal Big bite . audrey I can not believe he put the move on I . after everything I have do for he . lucy he 's scum ! as far as he 's concerned you be just a pair of breast that talk . animal I like that image . audrey you know how I spend last weekend ? walk he damned dog . lucy I be tell you he 's dirt . he 's a douche bag , gutter slime , dog crap , puke chunks ... animal hey , hey ! I be eat here ! lucy audrey , you be too damned nice , that 's you problem . Nice get you nothin ' in this town . you gotta be a killer to get ahead , you know what I be sayin ' ? I be sorry , baby , but you just do not get what it take . audrey Animal , you do not think that 's true , do you ? animal Nice guy finish last . first rule of the jungle . audrey well , I can be tough if I want . animal &amp ; lucy yeah , sure . audrey ( see something ) oh my God ! everything turn to see what audrey be look at . audrey get up and rush over to a television above the counter . audrey ( excitedly ) turn that up , turn it up . the waitress do . on the t.v. play the same news story we see from before from Panama . this time we see Nick and Major hick walk on the beach . audrey it 's Nick ! I know that guy . I know he ! lucy ( unimpress ) who be he ? audrey he be my college sweetie ! look at he . he look so handsome on t.v. what the hell be he do in Panama . 31 ext . new york fish market - below JFK highway - day 31 even in the rain do not keep people away . buyer haggle with seller . a large market , truck load of fish . no one seem to notice the river across from they ... mouth of the east river enormous turbulence in the water . slowly something begin to lift , sheet of water fall . burst out , the backside talon of the enormous reptile pierce through . the tail slice through the turbulence . two ship anchore at dock begin to lift upward as the beast below they begin to rise . angle fish market a groan wail roar , echoing . the people of the fish market turn just in time to see ... the anchored ship lift impossibly into the air above the pier . suddenly a tidal wave of water come crashing down , flooding the fish market . 32 int . transit bus - p.o.v. through windshield - rain - 32 day through the swinging windshield wiper of the bus we see the JFK highway in front of we . suddenly we see ... a enormous foot come crash down atop JFK highway , crush it . the transit bus tumble off the demolish highway . the man in the market truck be tossed and enormous teeth puncture the top and bottom of he truck as it 's lifted in the AIR . the man leap from the open back of the truck . he land , hard , down in front of one of the fish market store as hundred of fish rain down from above . with a loud crash , the demolish truck slam to the ground nearby . 33 ext . political rally - build step - rain - day 33 with a large re-elect mayor faustino poster behind he , the mayor be at the podium . before he be a sea of umbrella . mayor I would like to thank you all for come out on this beautiful New York City day . some in the crowd laugh as other applaud . lose in the sound of the crowd we hear a soft thumping in the distance . mayor when I come into office four year ago , people do not think we could reduce crime and I do . angle - cop in back of crowd lean to the cop next to he . cop ( sarcastic ) yeah , he do . mayor people do not think I could restore order ... this time the thumping be heard , grow much louder . mayor ... and I do . the city be a safer place today ... before he can continue the crowd begin to murmur with fear as the thumping grow louder and closer . suddenly with a large crashing SOUND a building nearby begin to crumble . mayor ( to he aide ) what the hell .... people scramble to get out of the way as debris from the fall build litter the area . the Mayor be pull inside by he security man . burst out of the crumble corner of the building we see the enormous leg of the reptile as it kick debris out of its way . side angle - wall STREET - fast traveling shot several car be squashed quickly as the enormous feet of the beast stomp through the street . Cars flatten and scatter , flipping toward we , from the weight of the beast . we try to keep up with it , but it 's too fast . after it pass , the Mayor stick he head out of the doorway to see the demolish street scene . mayor what be that ? 34 int . wnew - caiman' office - same - day 34 caiman 's on the phone as he secretary enter with some file . rain and thunder continue outside . caiman ( into phone ) I do not give a crap about some war in a country I can not pronounce . that 's not a lead story . find I a damned story , will ya ! just then he Secretary notice a desk lamp , the shade shaking and the light flickering . she hear the thumping approach . she turn and sees ... gigantic teeth the enormous head of godzilla growl as it pass by caiman 's office window . secretary Mr. caiman . I think you story just walk by the window . caiman turn but there 's nothing there . he 's confuse , she 's daze . caiman what ? just then the tail whirl past with a thunder whip . 35 int . diner - same - day 35 Animal , Lucy and audrey be at the cashier pay . lucy do Romeo have a name ? audrey Nick tatopoulos . animal that why you dumped he ? audrey no ! I just could not see myself with some boring egg head who spend he summer pick apart cockroach . I want to have some adventure , some fun ... lucy and now you live the glamorous life of caiman 's assistant . life 's a bitch , be not it ? in the distance we can hear the thumping approach . animal how long where you and dis guy goin ' steady ? audrey nearly four year ... lucy four year . girl , I be surprised he do not ask you to marry he . audrey that 's the problem . he do . suddenly the thumping get louder very quickly . everyone in the diner react . lucy tell I that 's not another goddamn parade . the next thump rattle the entire diner . thing begin to fall . through the window we see people running in panic . animal that 's be not no parade ... before anyone can speak the entire building be shaking . through the front window we see ... godzilla's foot smash down directly outside the window . Cars be smashed . one car sail directly into the window , shatter it . Animal use he size to cover the girl from the fall debris . as the danger pass , Animal charge for the door . lucy Victor , wait ! 36 ext . STREET - continuous - rain - day 36 Animal come rush out . Water spray from displace fire hydrant , debris still fall , car burn . Animal go over to he news van that have be partially crush . he pries open the rear door and take out he video camera and take off run . audrey and Lucy arrive too late to stop he . lucy Victor , do not ! animal running turn the corner Animal run full speed through the debris , try to jam a video cassette into he camera . it will not fit . he sees up ahead ... p.o.v. the tail just as it disappear around the corner a few block ahead . think quickly , Animal bolt down a small alleyway . 37 ext . other STREET - continuous 37 his camera damage , Animal struggle to get the tape inside as he exit the other side of the alley . he dart out into the street to get he shot . the thumping be overpoweringly loud . he look up to see , car flipping , people scatter . then , for the first time , we can clearly see the entire massive creature that be ... godzilla as he come barrel towards we . the titanic lizard be ferocious and agile . swiftly he move closer . Animal 's hand fumble with the tape . he jam it in , sweat . he finger the power button , the red light go on . quickly he shoulder the camera . p.o.v. through camera - godzilla nearly on top of he , godzilla 's own image be suddenly cover by he own immense foot as it 's lift and about to come down directly on we . animal oh shit ! before he can do anything about it ... godzilla's foot tower above he . he have no time to flinch as the gargantuan foot smashes down . in terrifying amazement , Animal remain stand in between the beast' toe . abruptly the foot lift again . Animal be unscathed and freeze with fear . angle - animal Close on Animal as the endless tail of the creature drag just past he . it seem to go on forever . finally it disappear . wide angle - tableau of a demolished STREET desert and demolish . Cars burn , debris fall . Animal , the lone figure , just stand there , he chest heaving , hyper ventilate . CUT to : 38 ext . new jersey street - low angle - afternoon 38 a military convoy with Police escort race past we . above - helicopter shot - convoy siren blaring , the convoy and escort speed onward . 39 int . military sedan - through windshield - same 39 just as they arrive at a military roadblock . crowd have gather as the military try to keep they at bay . 40 ext . new jersey shore - cliff side - day 40 the guard let the convoy pass . the military be put up a number of large tent . a sergeant move over quickly to greet the team as they exit they vehicle . sergeant ( quick salute ) sergeant o'neal , sir. major hick any word from the Mayor 's office ? just then dozen of news van pull up . Reporters and camera crew come rush toward they . the guard rush to intercept . stepping out of the next car in the convoy , Nick and elise join Major hick . sergeant they have agree to evacuate the city . they have call out the National Guard and riot police be on alert . as they walk towards the tent the crowd crush close . Nick and elsie be overwhelm . elsie ( aside to Nick ) evacuate Manhattan ? that 's over three million people . have that ever be do before ? nick I do not think so . several military guard have to clear a path for they as they enter the tent . 41 int . command tent - continuous - day 41 still in construction . the team enter . major hick status report ? sergeant we have lose sight of it , Sir . major hick you want to run that by I again ? sergeant ( nervous ) after the initial attack he just ... disappear . officer ( interrupt ) Major , Secretary of Defense burk on the line . this take Major hick off guard . the last person he want to talk to . Nick walk over to the sergeant . nick I do not understand . how can something that large just disappear ? sergeant we be not sure . we be scan the area now . elsie he probably return to the river . just like everywhere else we have be , we be always one step behind . Nick turn and notice the back of the tent be open revealing a beautiful view of the Manhattan skyline . several soldier enter , set up telescope . nick I do not think so . over Manhattan we see several dark plume of smoke from the destruction . military helicopter scan the city . stare out at the skyline , Nick be mesmerize . nick I mean , look at it . it 's perfect . a island , water on all side . but like no other island in the world , this be a place where he can easily hide . ( beat ) he 's in there someplace . a soldier come rush in . soldier Channel eight catch it on film ! he rush over to a bank of monitor , turn one on . on the screen we see the shaky video Animal take of the creature just as it be about to step on he . caiman ( filter ) ... wnew 's exclusive image of the creature be take less than a half hour ago . Nick and elsie 's jaw nearly hit the floor at the sight of the immense creature . caiman cameraman Victor " Animal " palotti barely survive this vicious attack to provide we with this footage . the sound of applause lead we to ... 42 int . wnew build - same - day 42 everyone be applaud as Animal , carry crate of equipment , pass the t.v. play the same news story . embarrass , Animal smile awkwardly . CO - worker Way to go Animal ! that 's my man ! Animal pass audrey and Lucy who be pack up some file . audrey great stuff , Animal . be not you scared ? animal sure I be . I think Lucy be gonna kill I . lucy damned right , you crazy wop ! we see the room be in disarray from pack up carton of box and equipment . the worker have take a break from the pack as they watch the t.v. broadcast . the station manager , murray enter anxiously . murray people ! we have to be completely relocate to the New Jersey station before we 5:30 broadcast . ( read from list ) okay , caiman , devoe and Animal , you be on the helicopter . everyone else we will see you in Jersey . animal gotta go , honey . you guy gonna be all right ? lucy audrey 's go to stay with we tonight . animal great . see ya then . Animal hurry out after he . audrey and Lucy go back to pack . audrey look up at the t.v. just as they replay the footage of Nick and elsie be lead into the command tent . field reporter ( filter ) ... military and government health official set up a command post on the New Jersey coast this afternoon ... surprise at first , audrey suddenly become very excited . she sees caiman exite the studio at the end of the hall . she rush over to he . audrey caiman , wait . take I with you . caiman what ? audrey I have get something on this . I know a guy on the inside with the military ... caiman not now . you get my bag ? audrey hold up he bag as they walk towards the elevator . audrey you do not understand , I can get we information ... caiman listen , this be the time when the big boy have to go to work , okay honey ? with that , caiman walk into the elevator . piss , audrey just stare at he . caiman the bag ? audrey throws the bag at he , knock he backwards as the elevator door close . Lucy walk over . lucy come on , girl , we have gotta go ! 43 ext . wnew office build - minute later - day 43 Lucy and audrey carry they bag outside into the chaos that have take over the city . hundred of people try to leave at once . gridlock . as they move into a overcrowded subway entrance , audrey look up just in time to see the wnew news helicopter lift off from the building behind they . CUT to : 44 ext . manhattan - helicopter shot - late afternoon 44 we see the destroy part of downtown Manhattan . Police barricade the street as firemen work to contain the fire . caiman ( o.s. ) ... in what city official be call the worst act of destruction since the World Trade Tower bombing ... 45 int . wnew new helicopter - same - later afternoon 45 caiman stare earnestly at he video camera . caiman ... Police and the National Guard have quarantine off over twenty square city block ... 46 ext . overhead helicopter shot of manhattan - same 46 below we see the large traffic jam in the history of the city . Police and National guardsman guide the traffic . caiman ... hundred of thousand have jamme the street in the large evacuation in the history of the city . and many people be not happy about it . 47 ext . man on the STREET interview - video footage 47 Quick cut of people who where interview earlier . woman I do not understand why we have to leave we home . it 's over already , be not it ? man what be we run from ? a big lizard ? I have get cockroach in my building that could kick the crap out of it . 48 ext . time square - gridlock - late afternoon 48 near chaos as police and National guardsman attempt to bring order to the hundred of honk , scream motorist . riot police van dozen of armed officer pile out of the van . national guardsmen maintain blockade in front of they military vehicle . 49 ext . seventh ave E - roadblock - later afternoon 49 the evacuation effort be make more difficult as traffic must be divert away from the quarantine destruction area ahead . Police block the street , smolder building behind they . the detour only make thing worse . 50 ext . CITY bank build - wall STREET - same 50 several National guardsman walk up to the City Bank building where they find a enormous hole smashed into the side of the building . the guardsman peek inside . guardsmen be p.o.v . - into build we see through the building to a hold on the other side . godzilla apparently walk right through . the guardsman be visibly shake . 51 int . subway station - same 51 Way beyond capacity , the flood subway platform burst with people push and shove to get into the train . caught in the craziness we find audrey and Lucy try desperately to get on board . p.a. please do not push . people be get shove down onto the track and the train can not leave ... the last to fit inside , Lucy and audrey cram in just as the door shut behind they . people leave behind bang on the close door as the subway pull out . 52 ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge - helicopter shot - same 52 a gigantic traffic back up all the way down the westside highway . the bridge be a veritable parking lot . mayor ( o.s. ) well this be great ! 53 int . mayor' helicopter - later afternoon 53 with he close aide in tow , the Mayor stare at the melee below . mayor if we be wrong on this evacuation they will string I up from the Liberty torch . 54 ext . command CENTER - jersey cliff side - late 54 afternoon the Mayor 's helicopter sail over the George Washington Bridge and over to a small landing pad near the Command Center . a large group of people dress in business suit await the helicopter . 55 int . mayor' helicopter - late afternoon 55 just as the helicopter be landing , the crowd move toward the chopper . mayor who the hell be they ? aide it 's a contingent of building owner and community business representative . mayor I do not have time for this nonsense . aide most of they be campaign contributor . well that 's a different story . 56 ext . landing pad - continuous - late afternoon 56 as the Mayor step out he 's greet by a nervous crowd of people shouting , " how long do we have to shut we business down ? will the city cover the damage ? etc . " among they , donald trump try to get the Mayor 's attention . mayor I share you concern . I want to get the city back in business as soon as possible . as he push through the dense crowd he run directly into ... raymond who wait for the Mayor . the Mayor be momentarily stop . raymond ( hand he card ) chargure insurance . we represent nearly thirteen percent of the building in you city . mayor if you will excuse I ... raymond we be very happy that you be in control of this situation . with that he gently pat the Mayor on the back , leave a small , nearly undetectable device on the Mayor 's collar . raymond you can count on we emotional and financial support . mayor oh , well , thank you very much . briskly he shake he hand as he push he way through the crowd . Raymond watch he pass , see the device stick to the Mayor 's collar . angle - wnew news chopper rushing over from the park news chopper , Animal and caiman race for the Mayor who walk through a mob of reporter . caiman hurry , we be go to miss the Mayor . but before he can get close , two police officer stop they . police officer sorry , you gotta have a press id past this point . caiman do not you watch t.v.? police officer can we see you press pass , sir ? fluster , caiman search he pocket for he press pass . caiman I have one here on my bag . where the hell do I put it ? caiman' PRESS pass - ecu we see caiman 's plastic smile on he press id . suddenly audrey be picture be place on top of caiman 's . widen to reveal : 57 int . subway station - same - later afternoon 57 smashed together like sardine , audrey play with caiman 's press pass , try to put she photo over he . lucy what the hell be you do ? audrey remember my friend we see on t.v.? lucy you old sweetheart ? audrey yeah , well he just turn up in New Jersey at the military command post . somehow all this be related to what happen down in Panama . there 's a story here . I know it . you get any tape or glue ? lucy I leave my forgery kit back at the office . audrey look over at a young ten year old boy hold he backpack , a ruler stick out of the back . audrey hey , do you have any glue in you bag ? kid what 's it to you ? audrey can I use some ? kid what do I get ? audrey the warm feel of help you fellow man . kid five buck . audrey you be kid , right ? the kid simply put he hand out . 58 ext . new jersey train station - later 58 people flood off the train out into the station . p.a. announcer please exit the station . for that of you without accommodation , the city have open up shelter on Monroe and 100th and at bergenline and 72nd . please exit the ... audrey and Lucy walk through the crowd . audrey turn and give Lucy a kiss . audrey wish I luck ! lucy audrey , I do not think this be a very good idea . caiman find out and he will have you job . audrey I be tired of wait for someone else to give I a opportunity , luce . if there 's a story here I be go to find it . Lucy nod in acceptance as audrey disappear into the dense crowd . Lucy worry for she friend . CUT to : " yum yum doughnut " bag - pre-sunset carry along with a styrofoam cup of coffee . we widen to reveal a man carry the junk food to a grey van park not too far from the Command Center tent across the way . the man knock on the back of the van . the van open to reveal ... 59 int . raymond be van - pre -sunset 59 fill with high tech monitoring equipment , Raymond and he man be listen in to a conversation . the man with junk food hand it to Raymond . raymond merci . he open the bag and take out a croissant . he bite into it and grimace . to wash away the taste , he drink from the coffee . it 's worse than the croissant . raymond you call this coffee ? man ( french accent ) I call this America . the man take a seat near Raymond as Raymond turn up the volume on he headset . mayor ( o.s. ) ( mid argument ) you be tell I that in a election month I have evacuate the entire city for nothing ? 60 int . command tent - war room ( tent ) - pre -sunset 60 from behind the Mayor 's head we see the monitoring device attract to he collar . as he speak we widen to reveal ... mayor do you realize what this evacuation will cost the people of this city !? Representatives of all branch of the military , National Guard and the Mayor 's office be here . the room overflow with people . Nick , elsie and the scientist stand near the back of the tent . admiral phelp we be be monitoring the water around the island . as far as we can tell it have not leave the area . mayor but you do not know for sure . major hick we think there 's a strong reason to believe it may be hide inside one of the building within the sequester area . mayor but you do not know for sure ! just then sergeant o'neal enter hurriedly . he want to speak but wait for the opportunity . major ( control he temper ) Mr. Mayor , if he 's not in one of that building then we give the all clear . but not until we have check each building ! sergeant o'neal Sir , that may be more difficult than we originally project . major more good news ?! sergeant o'neal we have run into a problem . CUT to : a sign reading : subway station : 23rd STREET - sunset we crane down to reveal several military sedan pull up into flat iron square ( where Broadway meet 5th ) . sergeant o'neal lead the team out of the car and down a subway entrance . 61 int . subway stairwell - continuous - sunset 61 march down the stair , the team enter into the very large subway station . for all we see it seem like a normal subway station except for the fact that every one of the team member look astonished . sergeant o'neal Lt. Anderson and he man find this late this afternoon . the camera make a hundred and eighty degree turn as we suddenly see what the team be stare at ... a enormous hole the four normal subway tunnel have be carve out make one gigantic tunnel . debris and crumble brick be everywhere . several soldier with flashlight approach the hole . Lt. Anderson move over to the astonished group . some of the scientist fan out , examine the area . lo. anderson we be check the office building above when we discover the floor be go . low angle - revealing the hole in the ceiling we see that not only be the ceiling go but the building above be hollow and tear to shred . another hole in the building lead to the street . lo. anderson when we learn he could burrow he way through the tunnel we realize he could be out of the quarantine zone . major hick Christ . how many tunnel lead off the island ? lo. anderson only five , Sir . we have check they all . he have not use any of they . major hick have they seal off . lo. anderson and how should we do that , Sir ? major hick fill they with cement , brick they up , put land mine in they , bomb , I do not know , just make sure that goddamn thing do not leave the island ! angle - inside darkened tunnel as the soldier slowly move down deeper into the tunnel , they flashlight beam scan the area . could they stumble onto something dangerous ? angle - nick as he approach Major hick and sergeant o'neal . nick you know , he 's not a enemy try to evade you . he 's just a animal . major hick what be you suggest ? nick when I need to catch earthworm , I know the best way to catch they be not to chase they . I have to draw they out . angle - soldier - darkness still move deeper into the tunnel we get the feel this soldier may just waken a sleep giant . back to team Nick move to the edge of the platform , look off into the dark tunnel . nick all we need to do be find out what it want , what it need , and he will come to we . angle - soldier - darkness the lead soldier sees something . cautiously he move forward think he 's onto something . we hear something moving in the darkness . we follow he beam as the noise grow clearer . the beam fall onto something on the floor ... a fish flopping on the ground be a large fish . as the beam move farther along we see two , no , three fish ahead . CUT to : 62 ext . new york CITY STREET - post - sunset ( magic hour ) 62 a battalion of armored tank roll down this desert city street . a large number of ground troops march behind . cobra helicopter - same - magic hour bank in formation , the helicopter swerve , head towards mid-town Manhattan . sand bag fortification Soldiers pile up sand bag , create a make shift fortification . sharp shooter and a bazooka brigade settle into place . 63 ext . flat iron square - same - magic hour 63 Major hick move over to a jeep and grab the radio . 64 int . command tent - same - magic hour 64 Major hick sit by a bank of communication technician . major hick where be they now ? radio technician Delta niner , what be convoy position ? 65 ext . brooklyn bridge - same - magic hour 65 led by armored military vehicle we see a convoy of twenty yellow dump truck pass over the bridge . driver ( o.s. ) Command , we be just enter the city . 66 ext . flat iron square - sergeant o'neal - same 66 sergeant o'neal listen to the response on the radio . radio technician convoy eta , five minute . the sergeant signal several military technician , who be mount several video camera to hurry . 67 int . command tent - same - magic hour 67 a buzz of activity . military official and personnel . the Mayor enter and join he aide in the back of the room . mayor ( whisper to aide ) they find anything yet ? the aide shake he head . monitor come to life with a live video feed - from several camera we see mount . a cable repairman - magic hour in blue overall , the repairman walk up to a large satellite dish . we widen to reveal the dish be park next to the Command tent . he kneel down next to some cable lead away from the dish toward the Command tent . 68 int . command tent - magic hour 68 suddenly all the screen fuzz out . just as quickly the monitor return to normal . no one seem to notice . 69 ext . satellite dish - same - magic hour 69 the repairman finish affixing a small device to the cable . he tap he earpiece and speak into he own lapel . repairman ( french accent ) it be good . 70 int . motel room - same - magic hour 70 we see Raymond and he man have turn this dingy Motel room into a command central of they own . Raymond be put sugar into he coffee when a bank of monitor turn on . they be see the same video feed as the Mayor . please , he take a sip . it 's awful . raymond you say this be french roast ! his aid turn , hold a package label french roast . raymond ( defeat ) more cream . his associate hand he some milk . he add it to the coffee . no use , it still suck . on the monitor we see the dump truck enter flat Iron Square . 71 ext . flat iron square - same - magic hour 71 the dump truck arrive and the soldier guide the truck , form a circle , they tail face each other . as the last one pass it reveal Nick and sergeant o'neal . sergeant o'neal I sure hope you plan work . nick I be kind of hope the same thing . the twenty of they , in concert , begin to dump they cargo . low angle - CENTER of the dump truck circle ton and ton of fish be dumped directly on top of we . 72 int . raymond be motel - same - magic hour 72 on the monitor they watch in astonishment as the fish get dumped into a large pile in the center of flat Iron Square . aide tres bizarre . raymond no. ( lean forward ) very clever . 73 ext . flat iron square - fish pile - same - night 73 a mountain of fish have be pile into the center of flat Iron Square . nick that 's a lot of fish . a master of the obvious . sergeant o'neal shoot he a glare and move over to the man . together they march into a building at the edge of the square . soldier load up rifle , take position . gas mask be hand out down a long line for all the soldier . the tank move into they final position . the National guardsman and Soldiers support the tank take position . 74 ext . top of the square - same - night 74 enter from the stair out onto the roof , sergeant o'neal and he man take position , observe from above . everyone be wait . the silence be deafen . angle - nick as everyone wait , Nick scan the area , think . suddenly something catch he eye ... steam vent through a steam vent in the street . Nick see steam lift into the air . he notice several other vent do the same thing around the square . quickly Nick rush over to a young officer . nick I need you radio . the Young Officer lead Nick over to he jeep . Nick grab the receiver . nick sergeant o'neal , the subway vent . we have to shut they down ... 75 ext . rooftop - sergeant o'neal - same - night 75 o'neal listen to Nick on he radio . nick ( o.s. ) ( filter ) ... with the air pressure push up , he will never smell the bait ! sergeant o'neal ( turn to soldier ) get some man down into that air vent . shut them down ! 76 int . subterranean AIR vent - moment later - night 76 with a loud whine we hear the vent shutting down . the large whirling fan blade slow to a stop . 77 ext . flat iron square - same 77 one by one the steam pillar begin to disappear as the vent be turn off . there be a long tense moment of wait . when will it come ? will it come ? before the Young Officer can stop he , Nick rush over to a manhole cover in the center of the street . the cover be to heavy . he yell back . nick we need to open all the manhole cover in the area . let the scent waft down . the Young Officer signal other soldier . Nick step back and let the soldier go to work . as he walk back , he spot another manhole cover at the next intersection down a side street . he run over to it . angle - side STREET - manhole cover a particularly heavy one in the center of this intersection ( a block away from flat Iron Square ) , Nick , alone , wrestle to remove it . with all he might , he drag it clear . suddenly , through the hole he hear some strange noise from below . rattled , he slowly back away from the hole . the noise grow increasingly louder . then with a deafening roar , the ground behind Nick erupt and godzilla rise , rip up the boulevard as he do . Nick spin only to find himself face to face with the gigantic creature . godzilla 's head slope down , apparently look Nick in the eye . all around foot soldier appear , gun train , shoulder hoist rocket launcher prepare . out of the corner of he eye , Nick see all this . he gently signal with he hand that they should not fire . sense no danger from Nick , godzilla simply step over Nick . nick be Pov - under godzilla as the gargantuan creature walk over we , make a beeline for the fish . Nick turn and run , follow he . 78 ext . flat iron square - continuous - night 78 godzilla move into the square . the military hunker down , ready to strike . cautiously the beast move over to the mountain of fish . 79 int . command tent - same 79 Major hick watch the monitor as godzilla approach the fish . major hick commence phase one . let 's gas it ! 80 ext . rooftop - sergeant o'neal - same - night 80 everyone on the rooftop put on they gas mask . sergeant o'neal let them fly ! angle - STREET level - same all the soldier put on they gas mask . a team of EIGHT , pull out a gas canister and yank the release . they drop they down the long barrel of air cannon , prepare to fire . sand bag fortification - same Nick run past the fortification , try to get a closer look . the Young Officer yell after he . young officer where be you go ? Nick ! Nick stop briefly as the Young Officer toss a gas mask to Nick who quickly put it on and dash for a closer spot . suddenly sailing over he head we see ... gas canister firing from the air cannon , the gas canister streak across the sky landing behind godzilla . the yellow gas form a wall of smoke that drift upwards . another angle - opposite corner across the way eight more canister be fire at the beast . quickly godzilla be surround by the gas fume . angle - nick frustrate at he inability to see through the smoke , he dash forward over to a large bronze statue . godzilla the smoke annoying and distracting he , godzilla spin , he tail wave the smoke away . but the smoke return . godzilla yell out . frustrate he rear back and blast ! for the first time we see the infamous power breath of godzilla . with amazing force the smoke , canister , car and anything that be not nail down sail backward from the intense pressure . Nick be hit by the wave of air pressure and be send flying backward , impossibly high in the air . a enormous fabric banner advertising this season at the met , catch Nick who slide down the banner , hit the ground , hard . just as he look up he sees ... a large truck tumble toward he from the power breath . Nick scramble to he foot just in time as the roll truck smashes into the building behind where he just sit . angle - troops - fortification the troops have to scatter as the tumble truck and car be flung at they , disable they attack force . truck and rocket launch be crushed by the tumble debris . godzilla continue to blow at everything around he . Cars and truck rolling . Soldiers diving for cover . it 's chaos . the glass in all the surround building shatter , shard of glass raining down . window , street lamp , all blow out by the tremendous gale force wind . 81 int . command tent - major hick - same - night 81 on the monitor we see the melee . major hick Fire at will ! 82 ext . rooftop - sergeant o'neal - same - night 82 sergeant o'neal Fire at will . Fire at will . 83 ext . flat iron square - same - night 83 from all angle , soldier rush back to they equipment and attempt to FIRE . very few be able to get off round . 84 ext . rooftop - same - night 84 o'neal try to steady himself as the soldier FIRE down at the creature below . one hoist a missile launcher . angle - godzilla - night as the firepower begin around godzilla , he take a hit in the shoulder and scream out . suddenly he leap away just as several missle hit the flat Iron Building behind where godzilla be stand only moment earlier . dash down a side street , godzilla leap over the wait tank who cannot adjust they cannon in time . we've never seem he move this quickly . several tank be squashed as the beast bull doze right through the regiment . 85 int . command tent - same - night 85 we see the flat Iron Building crumble on one of the monitor near Major hick . in the rear of the room the Mayor look sick . 86 ext . flat iron square - same - night 86 Soldiers come out from behind the crash vehicle and debris . only the smolder devastation be leave behind . 87 int . command tent - major hick - same - night 87 the monitor only show static or devastation . major hick ( into radio ) o'neal , what the hell be go on there !? 88 ext . rooftop - same 88 quickly he man be pack up . sergeant o'neal ( into radio ) he 's go , sir. echo division 's in pursuit . 89 ext . avenue of the AMERICAS ( 6th ave . ) - same - night 89 four armore military vehicle come skidding around the corner in hot pursuit . each with a team man enormous mount weaponry . reverse angle - 6th ave . - godzilla galloping like a gisele uptown , godzilla be speed up the boulevard . the armored vehicle OPEN FIRE . some shot clip into godzilla 's back . ahead he be run directly into ... mobile missile launchers block off the street in front of he . they FIRE . pin down , the creature scream and duck away down another side street . the missile can not turn fast enough and slam into a building , demolishing it . 90 ext . electronics store - same - night 90 the window be smashed in . a small group of looters be load up they mini-van . finish up the group be about to leave . looter # 1 Jimmy , let 's go . looter # 2 wait . I want this . help I ! the group rejoin Jimmy as they try to pull a enormous pin Ball machine from the window . as they carry the machine back towards the mini-van ... squash ! - gigantic foot godzilla 's enormous foot flatten the mini-van like a pancake . the looter go pale . as the military armore vehicle race by in hot pursuit . 91 ext . broadway - same - night 91 godzilla bound onto Broadway and freeze , look around . as he look downtown he sees ... godzilla's p.o.v . - military armore vehicle skid around the corner a few block back , the armored vehicle reappear . godzilla turn uptown and bolt . as he get up to full speed ... cobra helicopter a team of four cobra helicopter swoops down head directly for godzilla . 92 int . command tent - major hick - night 92 the Mayor stand over a Radio technician . helicopter pilot ( o.s. ) ( filter ) we have he , lock on . major hick then FIRE damn it ! 93 ext . time square - same - night 93 godzilla run into the famous light square ( look remarkably like Tokyo ) just as the cobra' come sweeping down out of the sky . godzilla spot they and leap away just as they FIRE missile , which rip into the famous jumbo tron video billboard , demolosh the building . the cobra 's swerve quickly , pursue godzilla down a side street . 94 ext . lexington avenue - same - night 94 godzilla appear , turn the corner and racing down the street . from behind , the cobra helicopter come scream down on he , they FIRE rocket at godzilla who , again , deftly turn a corner . the errant rocket blast into the chrysler build , as they attempt to follow he but fail . shard of glass come raining down as the building crumble . angle - armore vehicle as they race around the corner they slam on the break just as the familier cone of the Chrysler building come crashing down just inch in front of the vehicle , tumble into the street . 95 int . command tent - same - night 95 the static increase over the radio . helicopter pilot ( filter ) that be a negative impact . the Mayor , in the back of the room stand , furious . mayor negative impact !?! it 's the goddamn Chrysler building , that 's what it be ! his aide try to calm he . major hick ( into radio ) you say he be lock on ! 96 ext . side STREET - cobra helicopter p.o.v . - night 96 move through the narrow side street . helicopter pilot ( o.s. ) the heat seeker can not lock . he 's colder than the building around he . 97 ext . 5 th avenue - continuous - night 97 the four cobra helicopter zoom around the corner and into 5th avenue . cobra helicopter p.o.v . - godzilla godzilla be ahead of we . the chopper FIRE again , this time use they gun turret , accelerate toward the beast . under heavy bullet firepower and the chopper nearly on top of he , godzilla dive into a office building . the helicopter surround the crumble building , and OPEN FIRE , decimate it . they stop fire and stare into the smolder mess they have make . pilot I think we get he . just then erupting out of a building behind they ... godzilla pounce out of the building , snap up two of the helicopter in one bite ! he whirl around and swipe another out of the air with he enormous claw . the clawe helicopter slam into the ground just as ... armore vehicle come slide around the corner , directly into the crashing helicopter which explode on impact . the entire team be take out with the concussion . 98 int . command tent - major hick - same - night 98 Major hick be on he foot , steaming mad . major hick ( into radio ) echo four , where be he !? 99 ext . avenue of the AMERICAS - same - night 99 as the remain cobra helicopter swerve around , godzilla be go . helicopter pilot # 4 I do not know sir . he just vanish . as the helicopter pass a dark building we see a shape move ! we realize that like a chameleon , godzilla have taken the color of the building and hide . with the helicopter past he , he chase from the rear . helicopter pilot # 4 ( realize ) oh Jesus ! the chopper gun it , full throttle . godzilla give chase . even at its top speed it can not out run the big creature . the chopper try to lift away but before he can get the height , godzilla snap he gigantic jaw and swallows the helicopter whole . STREET - wide angle the fire burn and the rubble crumble . godzilla give one final scream and dive into a building , disappear . 100 int . command tent - same - night 100 the Major 's aide try to hold he back as the Mayor be charge at Major hick . mayor what the hell be the matter with you people ?! you cause more damage than that thing do ! 101 ext . 5 th avenue - same - night 101 empty and devastate . fire continue to burn . 102 ext . flat iron square - same - night 102 Nick , sergeant o'neal and several of he man walk through the devastate area . Nick kneel down and sees ... nick be p.o.v . - puddle of blood there be a large reddish brown puddle of blood . Nick take out a small glass container and scoops some up . sergeant o'neal I can not believe it . he do all this and we do nothing to he . Nick walk over to he , consol . nick that 's not true . we feed he . reverse angle only a few scattered fish remain where the mountain of fish once be . we team stand there amidst the rubble . fade out : fade in : 103 int . network news desk - video footage 103 a network news anchor speak directly at we as a video of the Chrysler building get destroy play behind he . anchor while it may have look like Beirut , it be in fact , Manhattan where man and nature have collide with brute force . the video switch to the White House where we see the President signing a bill . anchor the President today declare a state of emergency and have issue disaster relief fund to New York City . widen to reveal : 104 int . wnew news truck - video feed - same - night 104 we see that we have be watch the video on one of many video monitor show all the news broadcast . as a assistant move away from the monitor we follow he out of the truck . 105 ext . wnew news truck - continuous - same - night 105 we continue to follow the assistant outside , revealing the enormous mob of reporter that have gather just outside the military command tent . as we follow the assistant he pass several reporter do " stand - up " report . reporter # 1 ... rumor continue to mount as to the origin of this , perhaps , lose dinosaur ... reporter # 2 ... have shut down the United Nations in the evacuation , foreign diplomat be demand a international coalition be assemble to track the creature ... the assistant finally arrive at caiman who be do a live remote . Animal work the camera . caiman ... maintain a total media blackout , official remain silent this evening as to they progress in contain this creature ... behind he , in the crowd we see audrey push she way through the reporter , she fake id pin on she shirt . she turn and see caiman . quickly she duck down and move deeper into the crowd . suddenly there be movement as the crowd turn they collective attention over to a group of car pull up nearby . audrey push she way to see what 's happen . the car be blocked from return to the command tent as the reporter mob the first car in line . 106 int . sedan - nick - night 106 Nick observe the chaos . through the crowd he sees a pharmacy , a neon sign read : never close . he look back down at the blood sample he hold in he lap and get a idea . nick ( to the driver ) it 's okay , I will get out here . he open the car door and push he way through the crowd who be less interested in he as they be the military official . nick be p.o.v . - media circus - crowd - night push he way through , Nick sees what a circus this have become ; t.v. news camera crew , journalist , concerned citizen , worried mother , and of course , merchandise ... STREET stand Nick pass several vendor sell dinosaur toy , copy of Animal 's now famous news video clip and , of course , tee shirt with still image from that same clip . angle - audrey through the dense crowd , audrey sees Nick in the distance . excite she start to push she way through . 107 int . pharmacy - second later - night 107 ringing the night bell , Nick call for the pharmacist who enter , weary eye . pharmacist can I help you , young man ? nick do you have any home pregnancy test ? especially one that test for catastrophic hormone or clomiphene citrate . pharmacist this be all we have get . the pharmacist put onto the counter six different off the shelf home pregnancy test . nick I will take they all . audrey ( o.s. ) you must have quite some harem . Nick spin to find audrey stand right behind he . embarrass , Nick awkwardly pay for the test . nick audrey ?! be that you ? hi , hello . you look , wow , uh , how have you be ? audrey it 's good to see you , Nick . the pharmacist put out Nick 's change . he scoops it out and we follow they as they exit together . nick so you make it . audrey what ? he point to she fake press id she 's still wear . nick you be a reporter . that 's what you always want to be , right ? I be happy for you . really , I be . audrey yeah , well ... 108 ext . pharmacy - continuous - night 108 Nick open the door for audrey and follow she out . audrey so , you still pick apart cockroach ? nick no , I be into earthworm now . you would not be interested . they be real " boring " creature . very reliable , dependable , no surprise ... audrey you be still mad at I , be not you ? nick you just leave I without a phone call , a letter , nothing . all this time . yeah , I guess I be still a little mad . audrey that be eight year ago . some people change , you know . nick most people do not . audrey I be sorry you feel that way . audrey turn and walk away . Nick regret he behavior and call after she . nick wait . I be sorry . you be right . eight year be a long time . can I offer you a cup of tea ? audrey sure . I would like that . there 's a awkward moment as neither know what to say . audrey one , thing , though . who would you get pregnant ? off Nick 's awkward reaction ... CUT to : 109 int . nick be tent - later - night 109 Nick have set up a mini-lab in he private , small , tent . the home pregnancy test have be rip apart . Nick mix some of the content together . audrey I still can not believe it . how do a guy go from a anti-nuke activist to work for the nuclear Regulatory Commission ? nick when you and I use to attend rally in college , we help to create awareness . but from the inside now I can actually effect change . ( pointedly ) I never lose my idealism . audrey and exactly what change be you try to effect ? nick I have this theory that we be inadvertently create new species as a direct result of what we have do to nature . audrey and you think this creature be one of they ? nick yes . the first of its kind . I find this blood sample earlier this evening ... audrey blood sample ? how close do you get to that thing ? nick I get pretty close . audrey what else do you know about it ? Nick finish he concoction , add the blood sample into it he take the piece of litmus paper from one of the home test box and dip it in . nick well , we know he eat fish , he 's of reptile genus , he 's a burrower , he 's amphibious and ... Nick point out the litmus paper . it turn red . nick ...he 's pregnant . audrey be you sure ? Nick get up and start to gather he material . nick ( thrilled ) well , obviously this test be not design for this but fundamentally they be look for the same hormonal pattern that would indicate pregnancy . audrey I do not get it . if it 's the first of its kind , how can it be pregnant ? excitedly Nick begin to pace . nick the ultimate expression of evolution , it reproduce asexually . think about it , all kind of creature have be know to travel great distance for reproduction . that 's why he come to New York . like every species of insufficient progenitor , he 's nest ! audrey nest ? nick yes . do you realize that a creature like this could lay as many as a dozen egg at a time ! Nick move to the front exit of the tent . nick forgive I but I have get to get this into the lab , to confirm all this . I will be right back . Nick rush from the tent . alone , audrey can not help but poke around a bit . she open one of he case . tape to the roof of the case she sees ... insert photo - nick and audrey happy time long ago . they be both young and in love . audrey be surprised Nick still keep they . she 's touch . feeling guilty she quickly close the case and sit back down . as she do she notice a video tape label first sighting . unable to resist , she put it in and turn on the t.v . the shot of the japanese cook appear . cook ( filter through t.v. ) ... gojira ... gojira ... she hit the fast forward tape and sees , the enormous footprint in Panama . she fast forward again and see the beach cargo ship in Jamaica . audrey be tear . she make a decision , pop the tape back out , put in she purse and take off out the back of the tent . moment later , Nick return from the front . nick audrey ? audrey ? a flash of lighting and thunder accent Nick 's confusion . CUT to : 110 int . editing BAY - later - dawn 110 on two monitor we see audrey do a " stand up . " audrey ( filter ) ... which be why in this case " all the king horse and all the king man " may not be able to put the big apple together again . audrey timmon , wnew . we pull back to reveal audrey , Animal and a editor , ed , watch the piece . ed that 's it . you owe I a breakfast . audrey ( turn to Animal ) so , what do you think ? animal it 's good . it 's a real good piece . but how would you get a hold of this material ? audrey cover she own mix emotion . audrey like you say , " good guy finish last . " she snatch the tape and she take off run . concerned and worried , Animal watch she leave . CUT to : 111 ext . wnew truck - command tent area - rain - dawn 111 rushing out of the wnew truck and into the rain , audrey spot she Station manager , Murray . in the b.g. we see caiman get make up , about to do a live spot with another cameraman . audrey Murray , I need you to look at this tape . murray not now , audrey , we have about to go live with the morning report . audrey you be go to want to include this . I have get exclusive footage of other place this thing have attack . murray ( suddenly interested ) you do ? who 's story be this ? audrey mine ! angle - caiman about to go on , caiman wave off he make up artist as he watch audrey hand Murray the tape . his field producer count down to go live . p.o.v. through binoculars - nick - rain - morning through the lense we see exite he tent and move on towards the large center command tent . we reverse to reveal ... 112 int . raymond' motel room - same - rain - morning 112 one of Raymond 's man observe with binocular from the window . tuck he napkin into he lapel , Raymond eat breakfast with he man . another man , jean -claude , listen at the monitoring equipment . he turn to Raymond . jean-claude taisez-vous . he turn on the room speaker . male voice ( filter ) ... Major hick , what make you believe another attempt to gun that creature down will work ? 113 int . command tent - war room - rain - same - morning 113 Nick be move to take he seat next to elise at this very crowded conference . the big wig be here and the room be pack . Major hick walk to a large map of Manhattan . major hick General Anderson , the problem be the terrain . if we lure he out into a more open area such as this portion of Central Park ... ( point to the map ) we should be able to take he down . mayor last time you do not even scratch it ! major hick that 's not true . we worm guy , er , I mean , Dr. tatopoulos find blood . all eye turn towards Nick who 's still arrange he papers . nervously Nick address the crowd . nick well , yes . I do . clearly he be injure and ble . major hick you see , all we need to do be get a better shot at it with weapon that do not rely on heat seek ... nick um , excuse I , sir , but the situation 's more complicated than that . the blood I recover reveal that the creature be either about to lay egg or already have . governor be you try to tell we there 's another one of that thing out there ? nick I do not believe so . mayor then how can it be pregnant ? what be this , the " virgin lizard ? " there 's a smatter of laughter in the room . nick no , it reproduce asexually . that 's why we must find the nest . if we do not , dozen will be bear , each one capable of lay egg of its own . very quickly we could be look at a enormous population . major hick so after we kill the creature we will begin a search for the nest . nick it may be too late by then . this egg will hatch very quickly . clive how could you possible know that ? nick the fish . the fish we find down in the subway . he 's not gather all that food for himself . he 's prepare to feed he young . 114 int . raymond be motel - rain - same - morning 114 Raymond listen intently . he grab a folder off the desk and open it . we see photo and document of every member of the team . he find the photo of Nick and examine it . 115 int . diner - rain - same - morning 115 audrey shake off the rain and move over to join Ed and Animal at a booth . animal they just promo- you spot . it 's come on right after this . 116 int . command tent - rain - same - morning 116 a aide come in and whisper something into the Governor 's ear , who nod approval . major hick if Dr. tatopoulos be right , we must act quickly before this problem escalate . general anderson you want to divide we effort base solely on a wild theory ? major hick he 's come through for we before and if he feel strongly ... general anderson come through for you !? Major , you campaign 's a disaster . you be not even able to to prevent this thing from come to Manhattan . governor Excuse I gentlemen , but I think we should see this . the aide move over to a television and turn it on . just as the t.v. come to life we see the old japanese cook . general anderson how the hell do this get out ? the image of the cook say , " gojira " freeze and cut back to reveal caiman do he " stand -up . " caiman ( filter ) from a old japanese sailor 's song call godzilla , a mythological sea dragon who attack sailor , to we own modern day terror . today in my special report , who be this godzilla , where do he come from and why be he here ? 117 ext . diner - same - morning 117 audrey be furious , on she foot . audrey you be special report ! I be the one that find that stupid song ! that 's my special report , you bastard ! Animal try to calm she down as the story continue . audrey and it 's " gojira " not godzilla you moron ! 118 int . raymond be motel - same - morning 118 fiddle with the motel t.v. , Raymond 's man attempt to clear the fuzzy picture . jean-claude merde ! raymond allez , allez ! finally the picture clear . caiman ( filter ) ...a path can be trace back from Manhattan , to Jamaica , back to Panama and all the way back to the french Polynesian where nuclear testing have be go on for over twenty year ... 119 int . command tent - same 119 everyone stare at the television . Major hick burn with embarrassment . caiman ( filter ) ... but why ? Research team member Dr. niko padopolus believe the creature be nest , use Manhattan as ground zero to cultivate he species ... general anderson you go to the press with this ? nick no , I do not ... I do not talk with anyone . the military man be furious at the breach of security . all eye turn toward Nick . general anderson they mention you by name ! nick yes ... but I ... major hick you give they the tape ? nick no , it 's still in my tent . it 's ...oh my God , she take it . piss , general anderson walk up to Nick . general anderson pack you stuff . you be officially off this project as of now . 120 int . diner - same - morning 120 caiman be still on television , wrapping up . audrey he steal my report ! that 's my report ! animal we know , audrey . caiman ( filter ) ... and in this reporter 's opinion , " all the king horse and all the king man " ... audrey wad up she napkin and heave it at the t.v. audrey caiman you suck ! 121 int . raymond' motel room - same - morning 121 the television be snap off and Raymond walk over to the window look out , think . finally ... raymond we be leave . CUT to : a large trunk slam shut . more suitcase and trunk . wide to reveal ... 122 int . nick be tent - later - day 122 Nick be finish pack as some soldier carry he thing away . elsie enter . elsie I be sorry about all this . nick I too . Nick hoist he bag and move to leave . nick make sure they find that nest before it 's too late . elsie I will try . reluctantly Nick nod acceptance and exit out into the rain . we see the tear photograph of Nick and audrey lay on the floor . elsie bye worm guy . CUT to : 123 int . phone booth - moment later - rain - day 123 audrey in a street phone booth . audrey what do you mean Murray 's not there ? a second ago you tell I he be on the other line ... something catch audrey 's eye . audrey' p.o.v . - through glass - nick lug he bag out into the rain , Nick move over to a wait cab . 124 ext . command tent area - nick &amp ; cab - rain - day 124 lift a heavy case , Nick place it into the cab 's trunk . cabby where to ? nick Newark airport . audrey move up behind Nick . audrey you be leave ? why ? Nick ignore she and continue to load the cab . audrey be this cause of I ? because of the story ? nick well what the hell do you think be go to happen ? audrey you never say it be off the record . nick I should not have to , audrey . you be suppose to be my friend . I trust you . audrey I do not mean for it to turn out like this . ( confess ) look , I lie to you . I be not a reporter . when we break up and I come out to New York I be so sure I would make it . but I have not . that 's why I need this story so bad . I just could not tell you I be a failure . nick so you think that make it okay to steal my tape ? the last bag stow , Nick move to get into the cab . he stop and turn back to she . nick good luck in you new career . I think you really have what it take . he get in and slam the door . the cab take off leave a very alone audrey stand in the rain . audrey ( sad ; to herself ) I be sorry . CUT to : 125 int . newark airport - day 125 Long wait line for people try to leave town . people sleep on the floor . Chaos . one group gather around a television set . t.v. news broadcast - video we see image from crow refugee shelter . reporter ( filter ) ... every shelter in the tri-state area have be overflow with displace people . tent city have begin to spring up all over the county ... as we track away from the t.v. we find Nick take a seat at a small bar next to the gate . a waiter come over . waiter can I get you something ? before Nick can answer ... raymond pernot , no ice . take a seat directly across from Nick , Raymond sit down , size he up . Nick be confuse . nick do I know you ? raymond we have meet before . nick ( remember ) oh yeah , the insurance guy . Raymond pull out he badge and lay it on the table in front of Nick . raymond sdece , service de documentation exterieure et de contre-espionnage . agent Phillip Raymond . nick sound like a big company . raymond it 's the french secret service . nick oh . raymond we have learn that you american friend have decide not to look for the creature 's nest . nick ( alarmed ) be you sure ? how do you know ? raymond we know . nick why be you tell this to I ? raymond I need you to trust I . nick why do you need that ? raymond I need you trust if you be to help I find the nest . nick oh , my bag . I have check they in . raymond we , have already take care of they . Nick realize Raymond be serious . the waiter hand Raymond he drink . Raymond toast Nick . raymond bon chance ! CUT to : 126 ext . tent CITY - afternoon 126 a makeshift tent city have be set up in the park . Animal video tape a interview with a displace person . displace person no one tell we a goddamn thing . my family be get soak out here . we have no place else to go . we just want to go back to we home . Animal begin to pan he camera around the tent city when he sees a sedan in the distance . he focus in on it and sees ... animal be p.o.v . - sedan - nick and raymond come to stop at a light . Animal quickly lower he camera and hand it off to the reporter he 's work with . animal I will be right back . Animal rush over to the news van and take off after they , follow . 127 ext . warehouse - moment later - afternoon 127 pull up in front of a warehouse , Nick and Raymond step out of the sedan . stay hide from view , Animal pull over . intrigue , he watch they enter the building . 128 int . warehouse - raymond be men - afternoon 128 Raymond enter with Nick . the room be fill with equipment ; radio , gun , explosive and armored vehicle . we notice that more of Raymond 's support team be here . nick how do you get all of this stuff into the country ? raymond this be America . there be nothing you can not buy . Raymond give Nick a tour . nick so why all the secrecy ? why be not you guy work with the US military ? raymond I be not permit to speak of such thing . Nick stop and confront Raymond . nick you say you want my trust , then I need yours . Raymond consider this . finally ... raymond I be a patriot . I love my country . can you understand that ? nick sure . raymond it be my job to protect my country . sometimes I must even protect it from itself . from mistake we have make . mistake that we do not want the world to know about . nick you talk about the nuclear testing in the Pacific . raymond yes . this testing do by my country leave a terrible mess . we be here to clean it up . 129 ext . warehouse - animal - same - rain - afternoon 129 move down alongside the building , Animal walk down the side alley . he climb up onto a garbage hamper and peer into a crack open window . animal be p.o.v . - warehouse Animal see Nick and Raymond with all the hardware . several of the man be repaint the vehicle to resemble that of the US Army . 130 int . warehouse - same 130 Nick walk past the myriad of warfare tool . Jean - Claude turn from the radio . jean-claude they will set the trap at thirty minute to ten . raymond that be when we will go in . Raymond lead Nick over to a large map . raymond we know how to get into the city . we just do not know where to start look . Nick move closer to the map , put he finger on the flat Iron square subway station . nick here . 23rd street subway station . where we first find the fish . with a little luck , this will lead we right to it . raymond so you be in ? nick be you kid ? I always want to join the french foreign legion . CUT to : 131 int . lucy apartment build - later - late afternoon 131 Animal quickly climb the stair . people be everywhere . he have to step over they to get to he apartment . as he open the door to he apartment he sees ... 132 int . apartment - continuous - late afternoon 132 fill with people , Lucy be serve coffee . she smile at Animal as he enter . animal who the hell be all this people ? lucy what ? I just could not just let they sleep in the street . animal where 's audrey ? lucy in the bedroom . crying she eye out because of you . animal what ? lucy all that " you gotta be vicious " stuff you fill she head with . animal I !? you where the one ... lucy go in there . talk to she . Lucy push Animal towards the back bedroom . 133 int . bedroom - same - late afternoon 133 audrey have be cry . crumple kleenex wad pile up all around she . a television play a news broadcast , boast the headline : they call he godzilla ! on the t.v. we see a news conference with General Anderson address some reporter . reporter ( simultaneously ) can you comment on the nest ? how many more of this thing will there be ? general anderson ( filter ) that 's why I be hold this conference . to try and avoid a needless panic . Animal enter and watch from the back of the room . general anderson contrary to some frivolous report , we have no information to lead we to believe that there be any egg of the creature in the city . audrey stupid idiot ! animal you okay ? audrey it 's all my fault . what have I do , Animal ? what have I become ? look at I . this be not I . I do not do thing like this . animal you make a mistake . suddenly someone exit the bathroom and cross out of the room . Animal look at the stranger as he leave . audrey yeah , I just screw up with the only man who ever really care about I . animal do not you tell I he leave for the airport ? audrey yeah . why be you ask ? animal I just see he . he 's with a bunch of guy who want to sneak into the city tonight . audrey try to make sense of this . suddenly she realize . audrey my God . he 's go after the nest . animal perfect ! you want a story , well , baby , you get one . excitedly Animal go to the closet and retrieve a big overcoat . audrey Animal , I can not . animal look , you want to make it up to you friend ? well if he 's right , this be you chance . he start go through he drawer , take out battery pack , tape , etc , and put it in he pocket . audrey ( misgiving ) I do not know . I have already make such a mess of thing ... Animal walk up to the door , ready to exit . animal ( smile ) audrey , I be go after they . you can come with I or not . conflict , audrey be not sure what to do . Animal open the bedroom window and begin to climb out . audrey what be you do ? animal Lucy would kill I if she know . CUT to : 134 int . warehouse - later - sunset 134 Nick march out of a change room dress in a military uniform . as he move into the room we see all of Raymond 's man dress similarly . as they climb into they vehicle , Raymond hand each a stick of chew gum . Nick get in the passenger seat of one of the vehicle , Raymond climb in behind the wheel . nick what 's with the chew gum ? raymond make we look more american . Nick look over at the faux Americans . it 's a tough sell , gum or not . nick just let I do all the talk . with that the vehicle pull out of the warehouse and out into the rainy night . 135 ext . lincoln tunnel - entrance - rain - sunset 135 a armed blockage seal the Jersey entrance to the lincoln tunnel . we widen to reveal audrey and Animal by a small side entrance . Animal work the lock . audrey what be you do ? animal it 's the maintenance entrance . run along the side of the tunnel . when they repair it last year I work on a piece about it . just then the lock turn and the door open . they enter . 136 ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge - jersey side - sunset 136 a line of military vehicle approach and slowly pass through a guard entrance , each vehicle check . Nick and Raymond 's humvee near . angle - guard blockade - continuous Raymond 's humvee roll up and a guard walk up to the window . guard ( check clipboard ) who you boy with ? nick oh , we be with the three two . guard I do not ask you , soldier . nick sergeant o'neal just call down for we to join in . now he 's suspicious . the guard approach Raymond , check he out . guard you get a problem talkin' ? raymond ( perfect southern accent ) why no sir , I be fine . the Guard be suspicious but on a tight schedule . finally he wave he through . guard all right , keep it move . raymond ( ala presley ) thank you very much . they drive off . Nick be stunne by the act . raymond elvis presley movie . ( by way of explanation ) he be the King ! 137 int . lincoln tunnel - maintenance door - same - night 137 the door creep open . Animal lean out to find the tunnel desert . he and audrey step out and into the tunnel . we follow they as they be head for the exit of the tunnel into Manhattan . 138 int . raymond' humvee - night 138 Raymond and Nick drive through Central Park . we can see dozen of military people and vehicle in a large meadow . 139 ext . central park - large meadow - night 139 the enormous pile of fish be get dumped in the center of the field as many other be plant land mine . tank , rocket and soldier align the area . the convoy of vehicle turn onto the meadow but Raymond and he man keep go straight . they drive slowly right past the trap sight and out of the park . tire squealing to a stop Doors slam and immediately boot march past . we widen to reveal Raymond 's team quickly gather they gear and head down the subway entrance . Raymond grab a heavy bag and toss it to Nick who nearly topple from the weight . raymond be careful with that . Nick look into the bag and see a bag mark explosive . shock he look back at Raymond , but he 's go . Nick regains he breath and follow . the fish older and nastier , but the same fish we see in the tunnel before . we follow the beam to its owner and find Nick . we widen to reveal that we be .... 140 int . subway tunnel - moment later - night 140 the crisscross beam from the assault team 's flashlight nearly blind we as Nick lead the team cautiously into the depth of this tunnel . periodic fish be find along the way . suddenly the faint humming sound in the tunnel stop . everyone freeze as the wind shift direction . a familiar smell pass over they as they sniff the air . nick they have turn off the ventilation system . they be call he to dinner . raymond let 's hope we be not the hor d'oeuvre . nervously they continue onward . 141 ext . 23rd STREET subway station - same - night 141 Animal and audrey arrive , spot the assault team 's vehicle . they head carefully down the stair . 142 int . 23rd STREET subway station - same - night 142 audrey and Animal , camera in hand shoot everything , climb down into the station . Animal rush to the end of the platform and search down into the tunnel . video p.o.v . - dark tunnel - distant light through the camera we see the light in the distance of the tunnel . animal ( whisper ) they be down there . let 's go . Animal jump off the platform , down onto what 's leave of the track . audrey squeamishly follow . 143 int . tunnel - nick &amp ; team - same - night 143 Nick kneel down to inspect some debris . a old screeching SOUND be hear in the distance . suddenly the ground begin to quake . Dust fall . the screeching get louder and louder . Raymond move up to Nick and point ahead . Nick nod in nervous agreement . just as they move towards the sound the entire wall of the tunnel collapse next to they . burst through the tunnel wall godzilla appear . his enormous claw burrow , he make he way through and into the tunnel . quickly he move past the team . the team dive into a cross tunnel just as the colossal beast blast past they , barely miss they . 144 int . 23rd STREET subway station - tunnel entrance 144 audrey and Animal have just get into the tunnel entrance . the entire place be shaking . audrey be in a panic . audrey Animal , let 's get out of here . but Animal hoist he camera and start filming as something be move toward they . audrey be tug at he as the shaking get more violent . with all she strength , she finally get Animal to start move backwards . just as they be out of the tunnel , the creature blast outward . audrey and Animal dive into the maintenance duck along side the track to avoid collision . angle - audrey and animal Animal be shield audrey with he body . she look up just in time to see godzilla crawling up and out through the ceiling . a amazing site . audrey shoot ! shoot it ! Animal grab he camera and get the last moment of it disappear from view . once go , they both break into enormous sigh of relief and nervous laughter . 145 int . tunnel - same 145 recovering , Raymond and the team walk back into the main tunnel . they near the hole godzilla just create , examine it . Nick climb into the hole . nick I guess we go this way . Raymond and he man follow . 146 int . command tent - war room - same - night 146 Major hick be at the radio as the Generals sit behind he . major hick ( into radio ) sergeant , status ? 147 int . central park - same - night 147 the park be bath in light . armed troops surround the area . tank and missile launcher be in place . sergeant o'neal kneel down by a sandbag fortification . sergeant o'neal ( into radio ) any sign of it ? 148 ext . rooftop - spotter - same - night 148 from the rooftop of one of the central park south high rise , a team of spotter scan the area . spotter p.o.v . - through binoculars - godzilla move steadily towards central park , godzilla make he way up seventh avenue . spotter get he . section 5 , head north to target . 149 ext . central park - sergeant o'neal - same 149 the sergeant give the nod and several team of shooter take off run , take position . the tank turn they gun turret towards downtown , expectantly . missile launcher turn , arming device lock . 150 int . command tent - war room - same - night 150 Major hick stand near a computerize schematic of Manhattan . a large red flashing blip near Central Park . 151 ext . seventh avenue - godzilla - same 151 godzilla move up 7th Ave . he reach Central Park South and stop . he glance over to the park where bright light be glaring . something be make godzilla more cautious this time . unsure he vacillate between move forward and stay within the shelter of the tall building . angle - o'neal - central park sergeant o'neal ( into radio ) do not fire until he 's clear the building and have move into the park . angle - godzilla still unsure , he roar out , frustrated with he own indecision . sergeant o'neal come on , come on ! 152 int . tunnel - same - night 152 Nick lead the team through the cross town tunnel create by godzilla . climb over the debris , they make they way to another open . we follow they as they clamber through the hole and into ... 153 int . penn station - continuous - night 153 the large subway / rail station in New York . godzilla have tear it to shred . we get the feel this be where godzilla have spend most of he time . scatter fish abound . High above , there be a immense black hole in the tall ceiling . wherever it lead to be very dark . Nick and Raymond stare at the hole together . raymond what be up there ? 154 ext . 34 th STREET - moment later - subway entrance - 154 night climb the stair out from the subway , Nick et all walk up onto the street to see ... madison square garden the team cautiously approach the building . 155 ext . central park - same - night 155 carefully move out from between the building godzilla take a step into Central Park . sergeant o'neal ( into radio ) prepare to fire ! gun be cocked , lock on and hoist . suddenly godzilla get cold foot and start to turn around . 156 int . command tent - war room - same - night 156 the red blip suddenly begin to move away from the park . major hick ( into radio ) damn it ! Fire ! shoot it before it get away ! 157 ext . central park - same - night 157 sergeant o'neal Fire at will ! Fire at will ! all the weapon surround the area FIRE at once . several more cobra helicopter zoom down out of nowhere . plung downward , they FIRE at godzilla . the firepower rip up everything around he , godzilla roar and deftly dive out of the park and back between the building . but as he bound over to 57th street , there be a contingency of mobile rocket launchers wait . they FIRE . godzilla dodge and the rocket destroy planet hollywood as godzilla race by . with the helicopter right on he tail , godzilla make a westward run across 57th street . smash park vehicle and he tail swiping building as it dash . west side highway godzilla be head straight for it , the helicopter shoot from the air . suddenly godzilla leap higher than we have see before . he hurl himself over the West side highway and splashes down into the Hudson River , vanish beneath the water 's surface . 158 int . command tent - war room - same - night 158 furious , Major hick throw he headset against the console violently . admiral johnston lean down into frame . admiral johnston do not worry . the navy have a little something there wait for he . three nuclear submarine in the murky water of the Hudson river . 159 int . nuclear submarine - the arizona - same - night 159 the alarm klaxon be ringing out as everyone rush to battle station . the captain move over to a sonar screen ; a large Mass nearby blip on the screen . captain ( into radio ) we have get he on sonar . Arizona close in . 160 int . command tent - same - night 160 different monitor have put up a three dimensional schematic of the Hudson river . we see outline of the three nuclear sub approach they target . radio voice ( filter ) ... Indiana , close in ... calvin coolidge , close in ... 161 int . lobby - madison square garden - same - night 161 the door be pried open . it 's very dark in here , only the assault team 's flashlight illuminate . as they enter the lobby , the team split up into different search group . Nick , Raymond and jean- Claude move down the large front lobby and turn down one of the many hallway surround the main auditorium . angle - hallway - entry level - continuous cautiously they move towards we . in the distance we see the rest of the team move the other direction . Raymond and Nick arrive at a door lead to the main auditorium . Nick be about to push the door open when Raymond stop he . raymond Jean -claude . on command , Jean - Claude snap together he automatic rifle as Raymond pull out he semi-automatic pistol . he nod " okay " to Nick who slowly open the door . as the door open a small pile of fish tumble down over they foot . they step over the fish and enter . 162 int . auditorium - entry level - continuous - night 162 total darkness . Nick , Raymond and jean- Claude cautiously step over the fish inside . only they flashlight beam can be see . nick be p.o.v . - trashed auditorium his beam cruise over the area nearby . it 's be gut . Fish lay strew on the floor everywhere . suddenly Nick spot a strange cluster of object . he move closer . Raymond follow . with they combine light we can see ... three enormous egg a pile of reptile egg nearly twice as tall as they be . Raymond walk behind the egg , illuminate it from the other side , make it partially translucent . we can see the embryo inside the egg and it's moving ! nick Three egg . I think there would be more . raymond you be right . slowly Nick turn and sees what jean-claude be stare at open jaw ... dozen of egg together they beam of light scan across the main auditorium floor surround the gape hole to discover dozen of egg pile in clump everywhere . nick that can not be . that 's get to be over twenty egg . 163 int . other hallway - same - night 163 another of Raymond 's man ( r-man # 2 ) have find a switchboard , he examine the switch . 164 int . penn station - same - night 164 Animal and audrey be wander through the debris . audrey okay , where would they go from here ? 165 int . other hallway - same - night 165 r-man # 2 locate the switch he 's look for and hit it . 166 int . auditorium - same - night 166 Nick , Raymond and jean-claude be stunne as the work light suddenly turn on illuminate the room , revealing ... hundred of egg all over the main auditorium floor . a stun tableau . Nick be speechless . Raymond turn to he . raymond start count . 167 int . penn station - same 167 the light filter down from the gape hole in the ceiling . animal they must have climb all the way up into there . together they notice some large metal piping that have fall from the auditorium . they move over to it and begin to climb . 168 ext . underwater - hudson river - nuclear sub - night 168 the Arizona race past we . 169 int . command tent - war room - same - night 169 we follow a runner who hand a report to the Admiral who be confer with the General and Major hick by the schematic . the Admiral read the report . admiral johnston they have surround the target just at the mouth of the Hudson river . 170 ext . underwater - godzilla - same - night 170 he swim at enormous speed head directly at the Arizona . 171 int . submarine - arizona - same - night 171 the light dim as they prepare for battle . captain be we lock on ? ensign lock on , Captain . captain Fire . 172 ext . underwater - godzilla - same - night 172 the torpedo be fire and come darting directly at godzilla who abruptly swerve . the torpedo , however , follows he . angle - submarine - calvin coolidge from the other direction , close in . godzilla dive , skid close to the bottom . the torpedo begin to close the gap . suddenly godzilla shoot upward head directly for the underside of the calvin coolidge . 173 int . calvin coolidge sub - bridge - same - night 173 the calvin 's captain rush over to the sonar screen . ensign # 2 he 's shift course . he 's head right at we ! calvine captain full stern ! 174 ext . underwater - godzilla - same 174 godzilla ram the underside of the calvin coolidge before she can turn . the entire sub spin , twisting over its side and collide directly with ... the torpedo slam into the side of the roll and dent nuclear submarine . with a concussion the sub explode . 175 ext . hudson river - same 175 a enormous spray of water erupt from the river , bubbles and debris float to the surface . 176 int . command tent - same 176 the computerize representation of the calvin coolidge vanish off the monitor . radio operator we have lose the coolidge , Sir . the Admiral burn . 177 int . arizona submarine - sonar console - same - night 177 the blip represent godzilla turn . ensign he 's shift course , Sir . he 's head back towards Manhattan . captain full ahead . Close in and lock on . 178 ext . underwater - godzilla - same - night 178 godzilla attempt to make he way back to the shore . the Indiana and Arizona close in on either side . 179 int . arizona - same 179 ensign lock on , Sir . captain Fire ! 180 ext . underwater - godzilla - same - night 180 box in from either side , godzilla race through the water . at the same moment both submarine FIRE they torpedoe . godzilla reach the underwater shoreline of Manhattan and begin burrowing furiously . as he gigantic claw start digging up earth , a enormous turbulence of cloud and dirt cloud the water around he , cloaking he . 181 int . arizona - same - night 181 the Captain and he ensign be at the sonar . we track two torpedoe approach target ( godzilla ) . ensign Impact in eight second , seven , six ... 182 int . command tent - war room - same - night 182 huddle around the schematic and radio , they hear ... ensign ( o.s. ) ( filter ) ... five , four , three ... 183 ext . underwater - same 183 the torpedoe enter into frame and disappear into this undersea dust cloud . a enormous explosion blast from its center , wave of concussion reverberate . 184 ext . battery park - manhattan - same - night 184 with the explosion and enormous tidal wave rise and crash down over battery park with tremendous impact . park car and phone booth be wash away . 185 int . arizona submarine - same - night 185 the ensign check the sonar . ensign direct hit ! the crew erupt in cheer . 186 int . command tent - same - night 186 they hear the cheer from the sub over the radio . soldier they get them ! the Generals congratulate each other and Major hick . 187 ext . underwater - same - night 187 topple down out of the murky turbulence , we see godzilla fall away from the shoreline , backwards the ocean floor , drift down to the bottom of the Hudson river like so many cement shoed gangster . 188 int . madison square garden - same - night 188 Raymond and he man be lay out the plastic explosive around the room by the clump of egg . Jean - Claude walk up to Raymond . jean-claude we do not have enough explosive . Raymond turn and see Nick , across the room study a group of egg . Raymond go towards he . angle - auditorium floor - hole - same crawl out from the hole in the center of the floor , Animal and audrey appear . they be stunne at what they see . quickly Animal hoist he camera and begin to film as a amaze audrey walk through . angle - nick and egg - mid - level deck kneel down along side the egg , Nick examine they . Raymond approach . raymond Nick , we have a problem . Nick silence he with a gesture as he move in to listen to the egg . he lean he ear against the shell . suddenly we hear a loud crack . Nick jump backwards . the shell ruptures and a large fissure open up across the egg . as we hear other crack o.s. , Nick turn and sees more egg beginning to open all around they . angle - audrey and animal - floor level Hidden in this forest of tall egg , Animal lean in close to one get video footage of it crack . audrey nervously watch . what she do not see , however , be a babyzilla , fish hang from its jaw , as it approach from behind . angle - nick and raymond stun , they can only stare as the babyzilla break free of he shell and give a mini version of the famous wail . raymond I think we should leave now . nick good idea . the babyzilla kneel down and immediately start gobbling up the dead fish lay nearby . cautiously Nick and Raymond slowly back away until they be a far enough distance , they they break into a run and head for the exit . angle - audrey and animal - floor level the babyzilla continue to chomp on its fish as it near audrey . Animal continue to shoot the crack egg . animal ( whisper ) one more second . this be fantastic . just then Animal turn to see the babyzilla right behind audrey . audrey do not you think we have enough ? animal yes. definitely . definitely enough . audrey turn to see what Animal be stare at . her eye go wide as she back up into Animal . another babyzilla appear on the other side of they . animal just be calm . do not startle they . Animal lead audrey backwards as they make they way towards the large " team " entrance at the end of the floor . the two babyzillas swallow they fish and begin to sniff the air . audrey move up the isle . a egg crack and a arm break out through a shell , grabbing her leg . audrey freak and frantically she kick herself free . they both suddenly take off run . 189 int . mid - level hallway - same 189 Nick and Raymond race to the stairwell . Raymond pull out he radio . raymond ( into radio ) everyone , outside ! now ! angle - jean -claude - mid - level deck - across the room laying down the plastic explosive . hear the radio , he drop what they be do just as several egg near they begin to crack . quickly he and he partner take off run . 190 int . far back wall - lower level - same 190 two other man be still lay cable for the explosive . one of they be kneel in a pile of fish near the egg . r-man # 2 come on , let 's go . r-man # 3 one moment . I have almost get this . just then a babyzilla pop up behind the egg , a fish in he mouth . he swallows the fish and begin sniffing the AIR . he turn and stare directly at the slowly retreate r-man # 3 . he smell he own hand and realize he smell like fish , quickly he turn and run . but babyzilla be faster . he run up from behind and leap onto r-man # 3's back . r-man # 2 begin to FIRE at babyzilla just as another one tackle he from the side . in moment , they be both devoure . 191 int . team entrance - floor - level - same 191 audrey and Animal reach the entrance and race inside . the main exit door be lock from the outside . they turn back just as ... three babyzillas appear in the team entrance doorway sniffing the AIR . audrey sees something , grab Animal 's wrist and pull he to one of the locker room door . it 's open . 192 int . locker room - continuous 192 through the door we see the babyzilla approach as audrey and Animal leap inside , slamm the door behind they . there be a sudden thud against the door . Animal rush over to a large locker cabinet and , with all he strength , push it over , block the door . audrey great . now what do we do ? 193 int . hallway - mid - level - same 193 Nick and Raymond run up to another open doorway and look inside . nick be p.o.v . - auditorium dozen and dozen of egg hatching . babyzillas everywhere begin to awaken and immediately begin to devour all the fish . a babyzilla appear only foot away and turn and stare directly at we . quickly Raymond slam the door shut as they both retreat back into the hallway . Raymond smashes the glass cover of a nearby FIRE hose and rap it around the door handle , lock it close . suddenly a loud thud as something begin to bang against the lock doorway . raymond we have get to lock they inside while we can . Raymond toss he cellular phone to Nick . raymond contact the military and get they to send a bomber to blow up this building before this thing escape . nick how do I do that ? raymond 555-7600 . tell they it 's a code dragonfly . they should get you through . amaze by Raymond , Nick just stare at he . raymond what be you wait for ? Nick snap out of it and dial . operator ( filter ) ... all circuit be busy right now . please hang up and try again ... 194 ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge - same - night 194 a large and angry mob have gather at the roadblock to the bridge . people , they car pack with belonging , be scream to be let back into Manhattan . horn honk and the blockade guard be get nervous . 195 int . command tent - same - night 195 the Mayor march over to Major hick who be consulting with the Generals . mayor do you have any idea what 's go on out there ? the phone be ringing off the hook with people scream to be let back into the city . major hick we be send diver into the river now to retrieve the body . mayor that thing 's dead . what the hell be we wait for ? just then elise rush over to the Major . elsie Major , if Nick be right , this could be we last chance to do something about it . we have to search for the nest , now . Major hick be tear . finally he nod in agreement , turn to another officer . major hick organize a search party . I want a complete sweep of the entire city and subway system . mayor you do not have the authority to do that . the Major turn and cooly approach the Mayor . major hick try and stop I . Major hick smile at the Mayor who exit , petulantly . 196 int . auditorium - madison square garden - doorway - 196 night we see dozen and dozen of babyzillas fight with each other over the last of the fish . suddenly this image be slammed shut as door be close and a FIRE hose be rapped around door handle . we widen to reveal ... Raymond fasten the hose around the door . secure , Raymond take off run . 197 int . madison square garden - hallway - same 197 Nick be on the pay phone frantically dial as Raymond come up . we hear a busy signal from the phone . Nick dial again . raymond what would they say ? nick I can not get through . I do not know what 's wrong . operator ( filter ) ... all circuit be busy right now ... Jean - clude and he partner arrive . jean-claude we have secure the door on both level . raymond where 's luc and Pierre ? jean-claude they do not make it . raymond ( quickly recover ) Nick , my man and I will hold they here . you will have to go and get help ! Nick nod in agreement and take off down stair . the rest of the team SNAP together they automatic rifle and prepare for a fight . 198 int . locker room - same 198 Animal and audrey be check out every corner of the room . animal there 's get to be another way out of here . audrey climb up onto a table and yank out a grate cover the air vent . audrey think we can fit up in there ? animal only one way to find out . he rush over to she and help she climb up inside . 199 int . floor -level hallway - same 199 Jean - Claude send luc up ahead as they guard the doorway . a loud thump be hear on the door they be guard . each turn they weapon towards the door . suddenly a portion of wall between they collapse . a dozen babyzillas leaping through the plaster . as they spill out into the hall , Jean -claude attempt to open FIRE . one of the babyzilla 's be hit . his brother attack . luc from the other side try to lay down cover fire but he 's overrun by the herd . 200 int . hallway - MAIN lobby level - same 200 Nick come racing down the stair and into the hallway . just then , he pass a lock door , banging on the other side . just up ahead he can see the main lobby . but before he can get there , a loud crash be hear as the lock door in front of he smashes to bit as ... dozen of babyzillas flood into the main lobby only a few yard ahead . Nick slam on the break and quietly try to back away . he turn to run the other direction when ... more babyzilla come bursting through the lock door behind he . pin down with no way out . Nick sees the elevator nearby and race over , slamm he hand against the button . nick come on , come on . the babyzillas by the front door spot Nick . a couple of they start to sniff the AIR and start to move towards he . behind , the babyzilla also catch the scent and turn . nick this be not good . just then the elevator door open , Nick leap inside . 201 int . elevator - same 201 Nick frantically push the close door button but it 's painfully slow to react . nick I hate this thing ! just then the babyzillas appear . they be just about to move in when the door finally close . Nick breath a sigh of relief just as a loud thud be hear as one of they slam against the door . it 's too late , the elevator begin to rise . 202 int . AIR vent - same - night 202 climb upward , Animal reach a plateau and crawl into cross vent . he reach back and grab he camera . put it down he turn back and help audrey up and in . animal you okay ? out of breath , she nod . Animal take the lead again , push he camera in front of he . he reach another vent that look down . he 's about to pull it free when something catch he eye . animal be p.o.v . - through vent - raymond stand guard , automatic rife in hand , Raymond appear with he back toward we . Animal lift he camera to shoot . audrey ( whisper ) what ? what be it ? Animal do not answer , he just shoot . 203 int . hallway - same 203 the elevator door open and Raymond swerve he gun around ready to shoot . frightened , Nick throw he hand in the air . nick hey , it 's I ! 204 int . vent - same 204 audrey have push she way up alongside of Animal to peer down through the grate . raymond what happen ? 205 int . hallway - same 205 Nick keep dial the cell phone , still busy . nick they be loose . they be allover the main lobby . I could not get out . just then the vent above collapse and Animal and audrey come tumble down . in a flash , Raymond have he weapon train on they head . raymond who the hell be you ? nick it 's okay . I know she . Raymond turn he gun towards the fall video camera and fire , rip the camera apart . animal hey ! what give ? raymond no camera . Nick move to audrey 's side , help she up . nick what be you do here ? audrey I think you say there would only be a dozen egg . nick I be wrong . just then a loud thump be hear against the near lock door . the thumping get louder and heavier . raymond do you have a radio , a walkie-talkie ? anything we can use to contact the outside . audrey what about the phone ? nick circuit be overload . audrey ( get a idea ) I know a way . I know how you can get a message out of here . the door burst OPEN and twenty babyzillas stampede into the hallway . audrey be fast on she foot . audrey this way . she take off run and they follow . the babyzillas give chase . Animal , hang back and run over to the destroy video camera and pull out the tape . just as he do , the babyzillas be nearly on top of he . he dash off . angle - end of hall - back door audrey get there first and open the small doorway that lead to a back stairwell , she usher the rest inside . she slam the door behind she as the babyzillas appear and begin to sniff the doorway . 206 int . hallway - luxury box - same - night 206 they spill out into the hall and rush past all the luxury box overlook the auditorium . audrey come on , the broadcast booth be right over here . nick how do you know ? audrey we network cover the Ranger game . 207 int . mid - level - end of hall - back door 207 the babyzillas be gather by the doorway sniffing . one of the more aggressive one start to claw at the door , ripping into it . another charge it , thud . 208 int . luxury BOX hallway - same 208 they rush up to a door mark broadcast booth . audrey try the door , it 's lock . Animal charge he shoulder into it , but it do not give . Raymond gently move Animal out of the way and shoot the lock to piece . he open the door for everyone to enter . 209 int . broadcast booth - same - night 209 they rush into the empty broadcast booth . Animal turn on the light as audrey go over and boot the computer terminal . Raymond move some equipment against the door , secure it close . audrey the network be on a intranet . it 's a direct feed into we computer system . nick you station will not have any easier time contact the military than I do . that stump she . Animal get a idea . animal when you work with they , do they monitor the news broadcast ? nick ( get the idea ) yes , they do . animal we will go live ! we will broadcast from here . hopefully they will see it . 210 int . mid - level - end of hall - back door 210 more of the creature have gather by the door . two more charge and the door collapse . the babyzillas rush up the stair . 211 int . wnew news truck - editing BAY - same 211 Ed be watch the news feed . caiman be on . caiman ( filter ) ... yes , the threat be over but the pain continue ... suddenly Ed 's computer begin to beep . Ed slide he chair over and look at he monitor . it read new mail : urgent ! he double click it and a letter pop up that read . Ed pick up transponder cfx 1 and watch the feed . ed ( to himself ) there 's no Ranger game on tonight . Ed make a couple of adjustment on he control and turn on a blank monitor . he sees ... c.u. monitor - audrey Racing in front of the camera we see audrey in the control booth . audrey ... if you be see this , Ed , please put we on live ! this be urgent ! I know this sound crazy Ed but you have to do it . please , trust I . ed ( incredulous ) I be not put you on live ! 212 int . broadcast booth - same 212 Nick turn on a small television and we still see caiman do the news . audrey turn to Animal . audrey he 's not go to do it . animal oh yes he will . Animal turn the camera and point out the window at the babyzilla be below . 213 int . wnew news truck - same 213 Ed 's eye nearly pop out of he head . audrey ( filter ) Ed , you see that ? they will be all over the city if we do not stop they ! Ed rush over to the console and go to work . 214 int . command tent - same 214 the mode be festive . the Generals be prepare to leave as be Major hick . sergeant o'neal and some of he man be watch the t.v. news . caiman ( filter ) ... as we fear have be allay thanks to the dedicated work of we boy in uniform ... everyone in the room begin to cheer . suddenly caiman 's image go fuzzy . in a moment it 's replace by audrey . audrey ( filter ) be we on ? be we live ? 215 int . broadcast booth - same 215 Nick sees audrey on the t.v. and give she the thumb up . audrey we be live from inside madison Square Garden where Dr. niko tatopoulos have discover the beast lair . Doctor , tell we what be happen here . Animal swerve the camera over to Nick . Raymond stay back behind the camera , watch . nick we have discover over two hundred egg which begin hatching only moment ago . 216 int . luxury box hallway - same 216 the creature come burst out of the stairwell and flood into the hall . sniff around they pick up the scent and take off . 217 int . command tent - same 217 a soldier tug on Major hick shoulder , try to get he attention . major hick what be it ? soldier you better see this . the Major turn around just in time to see Nick on the t.v. nick if the military be listen , they must immediately destroy this building before they can escape . audrey ( o.s. ) oh my God ! they be come ! the camera swerve to see through the luxury booth across from they , the dozen of babyzillas approach . 218 int . lucy apartment - bedroom - same 218 the bedroom be pack with Lucy 's " guest " as they watch the t.v. , seeing the babyzillas . lucy oh my God ! on the screen the image turn to Nick . nick ( filter ) if that creature escape and multiply , in a very short time a new species will emerge . one that could replace we as the dominant species of this planet . 219 int . command tent - same 219 Major hick be on the phone . major hick ( into phone ) that 's correct , I want you to blow up madison Square Garden . no I be not drunk . ( to o'neal ) contact the news station . tell they we be on the way . 220 int . broadcast booth - same - night 220 Raymond spot a large spool of co- axle cable . quickly he tie it to the support beam . audrey report live from madison Square Garden , this be audrey timmond , wnew . 221 int . audrey' apartment - bedroom - same 221 everyone be breathless watch the news . Lucy beam . lucy that 's my girl . 222 int . broadcast booth - same 222 Animal lower the camera and everyone be silent . nick thanks , audrey . the computer beep , Animal read the message . animal the good news be they get the message . the bad news be we have get five and a half minute to get out of the building . suddenly the room rock as the babyzillas begin crash against the block door . Raymond jump to he foot . raymond okay , party 's over . time to leave . with that he sprays bullet into the front glass window shatter it . Glass rain down below . Raymond toss the spool of cable out the break window . raymond anyone care to join I ? Animal dislodge one of the video camera , hoist it on he shoulder and move over to join Raymond . 223 ext . AIR base - F -18 squadron - same - night 223 several F - 18 's prepare to take flight . we focus on one , a enormous bomb attach under its wing . the F - 18 taxi away from we . 224 int . madison square garden - auditorium - same 224 repelling down from the break window of the broadcast booth , Animal and Raymond land on the upper-level balcony . Raymond signal to the other to follow . 225 int . broadcast booth - same 225 audrey and Nick be nervous as they stare at the long drop down . the door be begging to give way from the repeat thumping . suddenly audrey lean over and kiss Nick . audrey in case I can not later . with that she jump out , repelling downward . Nick be stunne by the unexpected kiss . suddenly the door give and the babyzilla flood into the room . Nick jump . 226 int . auditorium - continuous 226 audrey hit the ground follow by Nick . Raymond lead as they make they way out . on the other end of the room some babyzilla appear in a doorway and watch we friend scurry away . the babyzillas take off in hot pursuit . 227 int . dark skie - F -18 squadron - night 227 the F - 18' fly in formation . they leader carry the same bomb we see load earlier . 228 int . floor -level hallway - same - night 228 Raymond , gun in each hand , come rush into the hallway . he sees a small group of babyzillas down the hall and gesture for the group to go the other way . Raymond back away , gun train on the babyzillas who sniff the air and decide to pursue . Raymond turn and run . angle - farther down hallway - around the corner - same as they tear forward they nearly run smack into a hear of several dozen babyzillas who be tear the concession stand to ribbon look for food . spot , the babyzillas leap forward after the team . Raymond spot the escalator across the hall . raymond the escalator , hurry ! 229 ext . skie - F - 18' - night 229 we follow the squadron as they pass we to reveal the beautiful manhattan skyline approach . 230 int . escalator corridor - madison square - same 230 the team race into the corridor . Animal reach down and hit the power button near the move stair . the escalator come to life . the team run down the " down " escalator as the babyzillas flood into the corridor . some try to go down the " up " escalator and fall all over themselves . other be spook by the move down escalator . finally , the brave one begin to leap down the " down " escalator . 231 int . MAIN lobby hallway - same 231 Racing out of the escalator corridor the team move into the main lobby and freeze . they be surround on all side by babyzillas ! like the scene in hitcock 's " the bird " it be eerily still as everyone freeze . 232 ext . manhattan skyline - F - 18' - night 232 close over the city , the lead bomber break formation , fly lower , closer to the rooftop . 233 int . cockpit - hud display - night 233 through the windshield 's head - up-display ( hud ) we see a target locking on , flash . pilot I be lock on now . 234 int . MAIN lobby - madison square - same 234 as several sniff the AIR , they begin to close in . the babyzillas from the escalator corridor finally get to the ground level and rush over from behind . Raymond spot the large hang chandelier in the front lobby . he fire a short burst , slicing the cable support the chandelier . the chandelier drop and shatter in the center of the main lobby . the babyzillas scatter , open a pathway to the front door . raymond go! now ! Raymond push the team forward as he take the rear through the pathway which begin to close up as they pass through . the babyzillas recover and begin to charge . as Raymond pass some candy machine , he grab one and smashes it to the ground . thousand of gum ball scatter all over the floor . as the babyzillas run , they begin to stumble allover each other , trip on the gum ball . Animal be the first to reach the main door , he open it and audrey and Nick be the first to exit . Raymond , firing madly behind as he rush for the door . 235 int . cockpit - F - 18 - night 235 the lock flash red . pilot stallion 15 , Fox 6 . 236 ext . skie - F - 18 - bomb - night 236 the immense bomb drop and take flight on its own . we can see it 's head directly for madison square garden . 237 ext . madison square garden - night 237 Raymond exit and Animal shut the door behind he . the babyzillas slam against the door . it take all of Animal 's and Raymond 's strength to hold the door close . Raymond slide he rifle barrel between the handle as a temporary lock . he pull Animal away and they take off run . bomb be p.o.v . - madison square - night rapidly approach the famous forum . angle - raymond , animal not far behind Nick and audrey as they race from the building . behind they we see ... bomb and build collide and a enormous explosion erupt , engulf the entire building in a mountain of flame . Raymond , Animal , audrey and Nick be thrown several foot forward , toppling to the ground from the incredible impact . as the building crumble in flame we hear several of the babyzillas scream . soon they be silence . slowly Nick sit up and turn to audrey . they be both shake up . Nick touch she cheek gently . nick be you okay ? audrey somehow I never think you life be this exciting . nick you would be surprised . audrey really ? I would like to find out . she hug he tightly . Nick smile . Animal turn to Raymond who have cut above he eye . animal hey man , you all right ? raymond I could use a coffee . we begin to pull away from this tableau , slowly lift upwards when suddenly ... that famous wail be hear ! then , violently bursting up through the ash , a very angry godzilla emerge ! bleed from he injury , godzilla lean down and nuzzle the burn out remain of he young . for the first time in the film we can see a partial expression of godzilla 's face ; pain . but quickly that pain turn to burn anger as he focus he hatred downward , stare directly , and accusingly , at we heroes . nick ohhhhhhhh ..... shit . animal what do we do ? raymond running would be a good idea . and they do just as godzilla pounce . fortunately we team dart around a corner just in time . 238 ext . side STREET - same 238 as we heroes come rush around a corner , godzilla burst through the building in front of they , sealing off they exit . Raymond notice a very narrow alley . angle - alley way Raymond lead they through this slim alley between to large brick building . they run for they life as godzilla appear behind they . his claw be too big to reach into the alley so he bulldoze he way into it , the building rip apart as he march forward . brick go flying as debris shower down on we team just they make they way to the other side . slow down by the the position of the alley , godzilla swing he arm violently to clear a path . 239 ext . 29 th STREET - continuous - night 239 Racing from the alley Raymond race over to a park yellow cab . 240 int . cab - continuous - same 240 in one deat move , Raymond draw a screwdriver out of he belt , pop the ignition device off the steering column and hot wire the car in under 15 second . it 's amazing . as he do this the other pile into the car . not even completely all in , Raymond take off as soon as the engine turn over . Animal nearly fall out . 241 ext . 29 th STREET - continuous - night 241 just as godzilla burst out from between the building the cab dart away , squealing around the next corner . 242 ext . 8 th avenue - continuous - night 242 power slide around the wet street corner , the yellow cab fishtail onto 8th Ave . whipping around the corner behind they godzilla appear . as he 's much faster , he nearly overtake the car in a single leap but the cab swerve again move down another street . 243 ext . 27th STREET - same 243 the cab dart onto 27th street . debris tumble down in they path as godzilla smashes through another building . 244 int . cab - same 244 the rear window shatter as fall brick and debris hit the car . again , the cab dart down a small side street . 245 ext . lewellen drive - same 245 use this small cut -across , the cab quickly exit out onto the next main street ( 28th ) . godzilla rush down the side street , he tail shatter building as he do . 246 int . cab - same 246 Animal fumble with he camera try to get it to power up . the light go on and Animal quickly holster it and begin filming out the shattered back window . audrey cut uptown , take 8th to 57th then cut up Broadway . animal you be crazy , go to the east side and take the park avenue to the JFK . audrey the JFK ? in the rain !? 247 ext . STREET - cab &amp ; godzilla - night 247 leaping forward , godzilla bite down , snapping at the cab as it swerve just out of danger , gun it . 248 int . cab - same - night 248 animal what be you talk about ? the east side be always faster . audrey but we can get to the west side faster . through the rear window we see godzilla snapping down try to take a bite . the cab , again , swerve wildly , darting down a side street . raymond somebody make up you mind ! audrey &amp ; animal take central park ! 249 ext . 8 th avenue - same 249 take she advice , Raymond swerve up 8th Ave. uptown . he gun it and race up ahead . 250 ext . 28 th STREET - same 250 the last two turn of the cab have temporarily disorient godzilla who look around to find the cab . he move up a block and begin to look around . godzilla's p.o.v . - cab - same - night several block ahead , godzilla spot the cab . he narrow he eye and wail angrily . suddenly he bolt after the cab . 251 int . cab - same 251 Animal clear away the break glass and lean out the back window . animal be p.o.v. through window - godzilla gain on they godzilla be in hot pursuit . animal better step on it frenchie ! 252 ext . meadow - same 252 the military be clean up the trap from before . sergeant o'neal spin as the cab leap out from behind the tree . sergeant o'neal what the hell ....? the cab power slide right past and out of the meadow again just as godzilla stomp directly into the clean up crew . Soldiers dive for cover as other scramble out of the way . godzilla march after the cab , he tail swiping several vehicle which tumble , crash into the troops . in a flash , godzilla disappear back into the forest on the other side . o' Neal grab he radio . sergeant o'neal Command , Command , this sergeant o'neal . he 's back ! 253 int . command tent - same - night 253 Major hick move over towards the radio . major hick Captain Rogers , do we still have that F - 18' in the air ? rodger they be head back to base now , sir . major hick turn them around . 254 ext . broadway - uptown - same 254 the cab head up the desert street , racing full tilt . 255 int . cab - same 255 Animal pull himself back into he seat . animal I think we lose he . 256 ext . broadway - same 256 wrong again ! leap out several block ahead , godzilla emerge . he kneel down and give a gigantic power blast of he breath . Cars , street sign , vend machine sail backward from the force . a newspaper vend machine slam into the hood of the cab as the cab squeal around a corner , avoid the rest of the onslaught of debris . 257 ext . skie - same 257 the F - 18 's bank and head back towards Manhattan . 258 ext . harlem - same - night 258 Racing up through the street of harlem we see the cab . 259 int . cab - same 259 everyone be look around for the creature . raymond anyone see he . suddenly from behind , Animal spot the creature several block behind . again , he lift the camera . animal be p.o.v . - godzilla running full boar directly at they . 260 ext . harlem street - continuous 260 godzilla quickly make up ground . running at the cab it 's only a matter of second before he will reach they . 261 int . cab - raymond - same 261 Raymond look up , spot something . raymond be p.o.v . - sign up ahead be a sign for the exit for the George Washington Bridge . Raymond decide to take it . 262 ext . harlem street - same 262 the cab swerve head towards the bridge entrance just as godzilla bite down , barely miss the cab as it turn the corner . godzilla leap over the entire block , landing directly in front of the cab . the cab spin , pull a full 180 degree turn , and peel out just before godzilla can SNAP down again , just miss the cab . the cab peel around the creature and up the onramp . just then godzilla leap after they . his jaw open , he bite down on the cab . 263 int . cab - continuous 263 everyone duck as the enormous jaw of the creature clamp down over the cab . 264 ext . exit ramp - same 264 take a gigantic bite out of the highway , some high tension wire and the support structure over the bridge , godzilla chomp down on the cab . the large cement sign slam into the roof of the creature 's mouth , prevent he from crush the cab with he tooth . 265 int . godzilla's mouth 265 the sign support will not hold much longer as it crumble just above the cab . the tear electric cable dangling dangerous close to the cab . godzilla push he tongue towards the back of the car , try to draw it into he throat ! 266 int . cab 266 they be freaking out as the jaw be close in on they . audrey gun it ! gun it ! raymond I be try ! c.u. cab' wheel spin in vain against the gigantic tongue that push against it , lifting the rear of the vehicle . 267 ext . highway - godzilla - same 267 like a dog with a bone , godzilla shake he head try to rip the rest of the highway free . the portion of highway in front of the cab tear free , lift . 268 int . godzilla's mouth 268 from the cab we see the horizon lift as the road begin to give way . the sign above crumbling further . Nick turn and sees ... electric cable - SPARKS spark as they hit against the support of the sign , nick see the cable dangle close to the cab . he take off he jacket , wrap it around he hand and open the cab door . grabbing the cable with he wrap hand , he jam the cable down into godzilla 's tongue . SPARKS fly ! Nick lean back inside , slamm the door shut . 269 ext . highway - godzilla 265 he temporarily open he mouth wider with a scream just before he be about to slam he jaw shut again ... c.u. tire - suddenly catch as the tongue momentarily retreat from the SHOCK , the wheel catch and the cab lurch forward . 270 ext . godzilla - continuous 270 as the sign crumble and the jaw crush down , the cab sail out of he mouth as the beast swallows the piece of highway . landing , hard , onto the pavement , the cab peel out , burn rubber as it enter the George Washington Bridge . godzilla swallows only to realize he do not get they . see the cab on the bridge godzilla give chase . 271 ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge 271 the cab race towards we when godzilla step onto the bridge . his enormous weight make the entire bridge wobble . the cab go airborne then bottom out as it return to the asphalt as the bridge undulate beneath they . it 's as though they be drive during a earthquake . with each stride godzilla take , the bridge become more unstable . 272 ext . skie above the hudson - F - 18' - same 272 swoop down the F - 18' head directly towards the bridge . we see godzilla about to overtake the cab . 273 int . cockpit 273 the hud begin to flash , locked on ! pilot # 2 we be red and free . stallion 10 , Fox 2 . 274 ext . bridge - cab and godzilla 274 only a stride away from be overtaken . 275 int . other cockpit - same 275 pilot # 3 stallion 12 , Fox 2. angle - f-18 squadron all at once they FIRE . missile head right at camera . godzilla open he mighty jaw about to clamp down on they . the missile connect , slamming into he chest , exploding . his torso , rip apart . he scream out . his wail a painful death cry . his foot stomp down as he try to retain balance . the impact of the stomp act like a shockwave that knock the cab into a spin . slamming into the guard rail , the cab bounce back into the road and keep go . the injure godzilla bite the bullet and continue pursue , he gait slow . the cab be able to make some distance . angle - f-18 squadron again they FIRE . a group of missile darting out . godzilla the missile hit , rip into he . again godzilla scream out , he forward motion stop . 276 ext . other side of bridge - continuous 276 where the blockade and angry mob still wait and watch in horror . the cab slide into a spin as it come to a stop just in front of the crowd . Nick jump out first , stare back at godzilla . audrey come up from behind . nick be p.o.v . - godzilla his eye roll back into he head as he scream out . slowly he tumble . angle - bridge godzilla 's enormous head come crashing down in front of we . the tremendous impact send tremor across the bridge . 277 ext . other side of the bridge - continuous 277 the gather crowd be rocked from the impact of the topple godzilla . godzilla his last breath escape . defeat and weary , he eye blink slowly as we watch he life slip away . nick and audrey oddly , Nick stare sympathetically at godzilla 's sad and lifeless face . the stunne silence melt away as the mob behind they begin to applaud nervously , then vigorously . the mob break through the blockade and rush over to we heroes , surround they . cheer enthusiastically . 278 int . lucy apartment - bedroom - same 278 the room be go berserk , everyone slapping hand . Lucy turn and give a " high - five " to everyone around she . 279 ext . jersey side of the bridge - same - night 279 cameras flash like mad . several news crew fight they way through the crowd . reporter ( overlap ) how do you discover the nest ? Dr. tatopoulis , can you tell we what happen back there ? nick sorry , guy , I have promise my story as a exclusive to another reporter . Nick wink at audrey . caiman push he way through the crowd of reporter over to she . caiman we do it ! we have get the exclusive ! Way to go , audrey ! audrey we ? I do not think so . caiman I want that story , audrey . remember you work for I . audrey not anymore . Mr. caiman , I quit . audrey wave goodbye as Animal walk over , check he camera and he coat pocket . animal audrey , do you take the tape out of the camera ? audrey no . nick where 's Raymond ? they look around , but he 's go . nowhere to be see . animal I could not have just lose it ? a phone begin to ring . Nick check he pocket and find Raymond 's cellular phone . Nick answer . nick hello ? raymond ( o.s. ) it 's Raymond . nick where be you ? 280 ext . pay phone - down the block - same - night 280 Raymond watch the mob scene from a distance . raymond tell you friend I will send the tape after I remove a few item from it . nick and audrey Nick nod to audrey that it 's Raymond . nick I understand . raymond I just want to say , au revoir and thank you for you help , my friend . nick wait . ( line go dead ; to himself ) au revoir . audrey who be that french guy , anyway . nick oh , just some insurance guy . off audrey 's confuse expression we pull back , farther and farther . we see the mob , the military , the command tent and finally we pull back far enough to reveal godzilla 's mighty head lay on the end of the bridge . CUT to : 281 int . penn station - same - night 281 we float through the demolish station almost as though we be a move point of view . we travel thorough the debris of the station into one of the tunnel . we travel deeper and deeper into the distance . a shaft of light up ahead . we move closer to it . as we get nearer we realize it 's one of godzilla 's gigantic egg . we move closer and closer to the solitary egg . just as we be about to collide with it . crack . it open . fade out : the end