" goldfinger " screenplay by Richard maibaum & Paul dehn base on the novel by Ian Fleming ( transcript ) gun barrel logo a animated white dot move in from frame - leave and centre on frame-right . Iris vein surround the dot to fill the frame . a man enter the dot walk from right to leave , the iris move to centre-frame with he . he jump to face f.g. , point a gun and shoot . Red colour fall in f.g. from the top of the frame . the iris wander then start to fall to bottom - frame . the iris and man fade out and the dot get smaller . Iris cut out . fade in : ext . ramirez ' warehouse - night in a very long shot , two guard patrol past enormous oil storage tank . pull back to reveal a outer rock wall . it obscure the man . crane down to reveal a harbour . a seagull swim by in f.g. close shot - the seagull rise out of the water revealing bond in a black diving suit . the seagull be a decoy atop he head . bond grip the bottom rung of a ladder . wider shot - bond tear he headgear off and toss it behind he . it land in the water . on the quay bond , wear a backpack , walk to the wall and point a very pistol at its top . he fire the pistol . a rope fly over the top of the wall . a guard hear a crack sound and look back . a grappling hook at the end of the rope snag the inside of the wall . the guard walk forward , feel for he gun . suddenly bond jump on he from above . tilt down as they fall . bond rise and , as the guard attempt to rise , bond kick he in the face . the guard fall onto he back . 2. bond jump over he supine body and run toward the storage tank . wide angle - the storage tank the other guard walk away between two of the tank . the moment he leave view , bond run to one of they . he stop and kneel at a cover . medium shot - bond feel behind the cover . a door in the side of the tank swing open . bond rise quickly . int . storage tank - same time bond enter , close the door behind he and turn on the light . wide angle there be poppy pod in f.g. , a desk and numerous box . dolly back and pan on bond as he move to the centre of the room . close shot - bond look around . wide angle dolly in as bond take off a plastic tubular belt and walk to three drum in f.g. label " nitro . " he hold the belt over the first drum . angle on the first drum bond squeeze a white jelly from the belt onto the drum . he move to the next drum . he squirt more jelly onto it . then he take off he backpack , set it on a drum , open it and take out a timer with wire lead to a primer . close on the timer bond pivot he wrist to check he watch , which read 12:07 , then set the timer to 12:20 . it tick loudly . bond look down . one of the tank he press the primer into the jelly on the drum . wide angle pan on bond as he run to the door , turn off the light , slip outside and close the door . close shot - the timer between two drum tick away . ext . stone wall - same time bond jump down different level from the top of the wall to the ground . he pull off he diving suit to reveal he wear a white tuxedo and black bow -tie . he take a red carnation from he back pocket , put it in he lapel and exit . CUT to : int . EL scorpio cafe - night bonita dance amidst a crowd at table . bond enter , pass hang wicker basket , take out a cigarette case and remove a cigarette . he look down . medium shot - bonita shimmy at a customer then look up , notice bond . medium shot - bond light a cigarette lighter and hold it up to he watch . close shot - bond' watch it read 12:19 . bond lower he wrist and light he cigarette . int . storage tank - same time the timer hit 12:20 . ext . storage tank - same time a huge explosion occur . wider angle a fireball extend over the rock wall . in the cantina bond casually light he cigarette as the explosion continue , glass crash and the crowd jump up and scream . wide angle bond walk down some step as people run past he toward the entrance . angle on bonita she kneel without a audience as people run away . at the bar dolly back as bond approach the bar past flee customer . a man in a gray suit sit at the bar -- sierra . sierra congratulation . bond thank you . sierra mister ramirez and he friend will be out of business . close on bond bond at least they will not be use heroin-flavoured bananas to finance revolution . he look off . bonita angrily exit into she dress room . two - shot - at the bar sierra do not go back to you hotel , sefior . they '1l be watch you . bond take a key from he pocket . sierra there 's a plane leave for Miami in a hour . reverse angle - on bond he finger the key . bond I will be on it . but , uh , first I have some unfinish business to attend to . ( he look at the key ) CUT to : int . bonita's dressing room - night she scrub herself in a tub . she look up . angle on the doorway bond enter shutting the door behind he . he toss the key aside , take a towel from a hook and throw it off to bonita . we hear water plop . bond remove he jacket , revealing a shoulder holster and gun . he hang the jacket on a hook . bond well ... wider angle bonita , naked but hold the towel against herself , go to bond . he hug she and they kiss . suddenly she back up . bonita oh ! bond ( touch he gun ) forgive I . he walk to a hook on the wall remove he holster . bonita why do you always wear that thing ? bond ( hang he holster on the hook ) I have a slight inferiority complex . ( he turn to she ) where be I ? -- oh , yes . track in slightly as he embrace she . angle over they as bond kiss she , a assailant -- capungo -- approach from behind a wardrobe in b.g. , brandish a cosh . favoring bonita she open she eye and look at he over bond 's shoulder . capungo approach raise the cosh . favoring bond he lean back from bonita look into she eye . bond be Pov - bonita's left eye the pupil reflect capungo approach with the raise cosh . medium shot bond suddenly swing bonita around . capungo smashes she on the head . series of shot - as she drop , bond grab capungo 's raise arm and bring it down . - bond knee capungo under the chin . he fly backwards . - capungo bounce off a settee , grab a chair and smashes it against bond 's back , throw he forward . - bond fall backwards against the wardrobe . capungo punch he in the jaw , send he sideways to the door , then punch he twice in the stomach . bond groan . capungo ready another punch . bond suddenly pull he forward . - bond throw capungo over he back . - capungo land on he back on the floor , then swivel to get up . - bond lunge at he . - capungo , arm brace against a table behind he , try to kick bond . bond grab he leg and twist it . capungo lay a hand across bond 's face , push he back . - closer : capungo keep push . bond grab he arm . - bond hurl he backwards . - capungo fall on he back into the tub , arm flail . - bond , almost grin , look at he ready to strike again . - capungo reach for bond 's gun in the hang holster . - his hand grope for it . - bond look on in alarm . - capungo aim the gun at bond . - bond slap a small electric fan toward the tub . - the fan land in the tub at capungo 's foot , lighting the water red and send spark fly . - capungo 's leg , glow red , fly into the air as he be electrocute . - bond look on as a sizzling sound occur off -screen . angle on bond pan on he as he walk through smoke to the tub , take he gun , put it in he holster , take he holster from the hook and put it on . bond shock . he walk to he jacket , reach for it , then hear a female groan and look back . bonita be on the floor try to raise herself . angle on bond as we see bonita and capungo 's upturn foot in f.g. bond positively shocking . he put on he coat and go out the door , close it sharply behind he . CUT to : MAIN title sequence image of bond 's exploit be project on a voluptuous , bikini-clad lady as superimpose title appear . titles end on black . fade in : ext . blue sky - day a banner fly by that say " welcome to miami beach . " dissolve to : wider angle the banner trail a small plane fly over a strip of Miami Beach hotel . a blimp sail by in b.g . dissolve to : ext . fontainebleau HOTEL - helicopter shot - day we move in on the hotel then swing behind it and move in on the high dive of a swim pool . a man jump off the high dive , do a series of somersault . underwater the man splashes into the water , then a girl swim by . pan over to reveal we be look through a window on the pool along with felix leiter in a business suit . he grin and move on past a roller -skate rink where a boy be spin a girl around . ext . HOTEL pool - day a bevy of girl sunbathe there . Felix walk past they look around and approach a row of cabanas . closer angle pan on Felix as he walk into f.g. then hear voice : dink ( 0.s. ) how 's this ? ; bond ( 0.s. ) that 's nice . very nice . felix ' Pov - a lounge chair bond lie on he stomach as dink massage he back . dink just here ? bond no , a little lower , darling . medium shot - felix felix I think I would find you in good hand . bond look back , break into a smile and start to raise himself . bond Felix ! felix laugh . wider dolly back as bond approach Felix , follow by dink . bond Felix , how be you ? they shake hand . bond dink , meet Felix leiter . dink hello . bond Felix , say hello to dink . felix hi , dink. bond dink , say good - bye to Felix . dink hmm ? bond uh , man-talk . he pivot she around and slap she butt . she walk off . 10 . dolly in as bond feel he arm then walk into he hut , Felix follow . felix you must be slip double - of seven , let the opposition get that close to you . bond take a blue terry - cloth top from a chair and put it on . bond they get a lot closer to you in Jamaica , do not they ? -- well , what 's on you mind ? I be on holiday . felix ( take out a letter ) not any more , you be not . signal from London . dolly in as bond take it from he . bond I might have know " m " would not book I into the best hotel in Miami Beach out of pure gratitude . felix he ask we to keep a eye on he for you . bond ( read the cable ) auric goldfinger . sound like a french nail varnish . felix he 's british , but he do not sound like it . Big operator , world - wide interest , all apparently quite reputable . own one of the finest stud farm in the States . bond ( zipping up he top ) what 's the tie - up with Washington ? felix he 's clean as far as c.i1.a. 's concerned . bond and where do I find he ? 11 . Felix point off . bond look that way . [ end of reel 1 . start reel 2 . ] ext . HOTEL balcony - day - same time auric goldfinger , wear a yellow top and a hearing aid , walk down some stair from a upper deck . he look off grumpily and keep walk . bond and felix felix ( point the other way ) that 's he pigeon wait for he now . bond look off . bond be Pov - the pool simmon sit in a chair at a poolside table shuffle a deck of card in he hand . felix goldfinger 's be take he to the cleaner every day for a week . tracking shot - goldfinger walk past sunbather then see simmon and smile . at the table goldfinger walk up to simmon . goldfinger good morning , mister simmon . ready for we little game ? simmon ' sure I be ready . when you be ten grand in the hole , you be ready for anything . goldfinger ( point to simmon ' chair ) could I have my usual seat ? simmon ( rise ) oh , you and you suntan ! 12 . bond and felix as bond pick up he towel : felix that goldfinger 's a fabulous card player . at the table goldfinger pick up a pencil and start to write on a notepad . goldfinger same stake ? simmon let 's double it . five dollar a point . goldfinger look up in surprise then take a hearing - aid amplifier from he pocket and turn up the volume . goldfinger do you say five ? simmon my luck 's get to change sometime . goldfinger ( return the amplifier to he pocket ) okay . he write on the notepad . simmon set the deck of card on the table . bond and felix bond now have the towel over he shoulder . felix I will get back to the office and cable " m " you be on the job . bond you can fill I in on the rest at dinner . felix Fine . I will call you later . Felix walk off . bond keep look at goldfinger . 13 . at the table the two man hold card . goldfinger take one from the deck . bond walk toward the table . he stop for a moment , watch , then walk closer . goldfinger take another card . bond look from the man to the hotel . goldfinger suddenly lay he card down . goldfinger four. simmon ( stunne ) so soon ? bond keep look at the hotel , then back at the table . goldfinger how many ? simmon Seven , twelve , eighteen , thirty - two , forty - four ... goldfinger laugh . bond keep look at the table , then circle behind it look over goldfinger 's shoulder , then walk off . goldfinger smile at simmon . simmon shuffles the card . int . HOTEL corridor - day track after a maid walk down the hall . bond round a corner up ahead and walk to she . bond miss ? he take a key hang by a cord from she waist and , pull she with he , unlock a door ( number 905 ) . maid hey , what be you ...? but that 's mister goldfinger 's suite ! bond ( happily ) yes , I know . 14 . he open the door , start to enter then look back at she . bond you be very sweet . he close the door behind he . the may walk away . int . goldfinger's suite - same time pan then dolly alongside bond as he walk through a well - appoint reception room to a glass door to a veranda . as he approach the door we hear a female voice outside -- that of jill masterson : jill ( 0.s. ) he just draw the king of club . that make he hand fifty - nine . he 's get a diamond run , eight , nine , ten . bond start to open the door . bond be Pov - the veranda Jill lie face - down on a chaise lounge look downward through fix binocular and talk into a microphone attach to a intercom . jill he 's hold onto the six of spade ... reverse angle Jill lie face - up as bond look at she through the open doorway behind she . jill ( into the microphone ) ... so I guess he think you want it . that last draw be the eight of heart . bond approach she . angle on jill she lie face - down , still talk , unaware of bond behind she . jill he need king and queen . bond reach down and turn off the intercom . 15 . jill lie face - down whirl around to face he . jill who be you ?! upward angle on bond dolly in as he approach . bond bond . James bond . he look down . bond be Pov - the pool area the view from the veranda show everything . at the table goldfinger try raise the volume on he amplifier . simmon look at he card . dolly in on goldfinger touch he earpiece . simmon look up irritate . simmon come on , come on ! goldfinger randomly throw down a card . simmon grab it . __ simmon ( happily ) ah ! that 's more like it ! on the veranda crane down with bond as he sit beside Jill , who sit face - up . bond what 's you name ? jill Jill . bond Jill who ? bond look through the binocular . 16 . bond' Pov he see simmon ' entire hand . simmon set a card down , then goldfinger 's hand reach in and take a card from the deck . jill ( 0.s. ) Jill masterson . back to scene bond ( look at she ) tell I , Jill . why do he do it ? jill he like to win . bond ( look through the binocular again ) why do you do it ? jill he pay I . bond ( look back at she ) be that all he pay you for ? jill and for be see with he . bond just see ? jill ( emphatically ) just see . bond I be so glad . he look through the binocular again and see simmon set down another card . bond you be much too nice to be mix up in anything like this , you know . he reach down . close shot - the intercom bond turn it on again . 17 . intercut - bond and goldfinger ( through binoculars ) bond snap he finger against the microphone . goldfinger suddenly look up , quaking from the noise . bond look through the binocular . bond ( into microphone ) now hear this , goldfinger . goldfinger look up at he balcony . bond you luck have just change . goldfinger keep look up . bond I doubt very much if the Miami Beach police would take kindly to what you be do . he grin at Jill then look back through the binocular . bond nod you head if you agree . goldfinger sit in silent fury . bond nod ! goldfinger nod as subtly as he can . bond good . now start lose , goldfinger . shall we say , eh , ten thousand dollar ? ( look at Jill ) no , let 's be generous . let 's make it fifteen thousand . goldfinger 's face reflect even great anger . jill ( to bond ) May I see ? bond lean back helpfully . Jill sit up and look through the binocular . bond sniff she hair . 18 . at the table goldfinger reluctantly throw another card down , he gaze not move from he balcony . simmon take it . simmon well , I can see this be really my day ! ( lay he card down ) gin ! on the veranda Jill smile and lean back . bond look through the binocular again . bond be Pov - goldfinger have a snarling expression on he face . the binocular tilt down in time to see he snap he pencil in half . he jab one end of it into the tabletop . on the veranda bond ( into microphone ) over and out . he look over and switch off the intercom . two - shot - bond and jill she look up at he smile . bond that should keep he occupy for some time . slow dolly in . jill I be beginning to like you , mister bond . bond ( lay he arm against she face ) no , call I James . jill more than anyone I have meet in a long time , James . 19 . bond well , what on earth be we go to do about it ? jill yes ... what ? bond I will tell you at dinner . jill where ? bond well , I know the best place in town . he pull the couch and she head toward he and kiss she . dissolve to : int . bond' HOTEL room - night close shot on the remain of a meal . pan over to the bed . first we just see bond 's and Jill 's foot rub against each other . then , panning further , we see they embrace and kissing , bond shirtless and Jill in panty wear he shirt . pan even further -- to the nightstand where a portable radio be play . radio announcer Station w.e.d.s. bring you the latest in world news . Washington . at the White House this afternoon , the President say he be entirely satisfied ... bond 's hand reach over and switch the radio off . pan over to the bed and dolly in as bond wrap he arm around Jill again . bond that make two of we . they start to kiss . insert - a telephone ring . angle on the bed bond roll over and answer the phone . 20 . bond hello . felix ( over phone ) leiter here . bond oh , Felix . he swing he leg off the bed . felix ( over phone ) well , now ? bond uh , what 's that ? Jill rise behind he , put she chin on he shoulder and rub a lock of she hair against she ear . bond dinner ? uh , no . look , I be sorry , I can not . something big 's come up . felix ( over phone ) right . bond scratch he ear and push the hair away . bond uh , how about breakfast ? felix ( over phone ) okay . jill ( whisper into bond 's ear ) not too early . bond cup a hand over the phone , plant he other hand on she face and shove she back . pan on she as she land on the bed smile and pull she shirt down . felix ( over phone ) I will call you around nine . bond ( 0.s. ) yes , nine o'clock will be fine . angle on bond felix ( over phone ) so long , James . 21 . bond good night , Felix . he hang up then look at Jill . close - up - jill look back at he seductively , lip parting . bond smile . pan on he as he lay atop she , then : bond ( disappointed ) oh , it 's lose its chill . close shot - champagne bottle bond 's hand be feel the bottle . he pick it up . tilt up as he raise it . jill why , you ... bond it 's all right . there 's another in the fridge . bond get up . Jill roll over to face he , grin . jill who need it ? wide angle bond set the bottle on a dress table and pick up he bathrobe . bond my dear girl , there be some thing that just be not do ... pan on he as he walk into the kitchen put on the bathrobe . a bamboo screen separate the kitchen from the bedroom . bond ... such as drink dom perignon ' fifty - three above a temperature of thirty - eight degree Fahrenheit . that 's as bad as listen to the Beatles without ear-muff . he open the refrigerator and kneel . 22 . closer on bond he look in the fridge . bond now , where be this passion juice ? a man' hand suddenly come up into frame . he wear a black jacket . dolly in as the hand approach bond . bond open a refrigerator drawer , find the champagne bottle and take it . the hand give bond a sharp karate chop on the neck , knock he to the floor . tilt down as he fall , face - up , the bottle roll beside he . angle on the wall the man 's shadow appear on wood panele on the kitchen wall . he turn sideways . he be thickly build and sport a bowler hat . he be oddjob . wider angle as bond lie unconscious in f.g. , the shadow on the wall move away . slow dissolve to : int . bond' HOTEL kitchen - night bond and the champagne bottle lie on the floor . dolly back . bond begin to move , regain consciousness . he roll onto he side and slowly lift himself . he brace a hand on the stove and feel the side of he head , then start move off . angle on the kitchen entryway bond emerge around the bamboo screen and walk forward . bond ( call ) Jill ?! he turn a corner then suddenly stop , turn on the light and look off aghast . bond be Pov - the bed Jill lie face - down naked , coat in gold paint , one arm hang over the side of the bed -- dead . 23 . bond look unmove . bond be Pov - jill lie there . closer on bond his face register terrible concern . wider angle pan and tilt up on bond as he move to the bed . bond be Pov - jill upper torso her entire face and hair be paint gold . she look oddly serene . bond sit on the bed beside she and touch she shoulder . his expression show he recognize she be dead . he pick up the phone . dolly in closer . receptionist ( on phone ) yes , mister bond ? bond Beach seven-nine - four-three - two , room one -one-nine ... as he wait he look at jill legs which be completely paint gold . angle on bond wait for a response . then : felix ' voice ( over phone ) hello ? bond hello , Felix ? get over here right away . felix ( over phone ) what 's up ? 24 . bond the girl 's dead . felix ( over phone ) ( in alarm ) dink ? bond no , masterson . Jill masterson . and she 's cover in paint . gold paint . dissolve to : a blue sky dot with cloud . tilt down to reveal ext . london - day Big Ben and westminster Palace in f.g. CUT to : int . " m's " office - day bond stand at attention in f.g. , " m " in b.g. by a window look at he . oye gold ? all over ? bond ( nodd ) she die of skin suffocation . it 's be know to happen to cabaret dancer . track left as " m " pace toward a bookcase . bond it 's all right provide you leave a small bare patch at the base of the spine to allow the skin to breathe . track right as " m " pace back toward the window . oye somebody obviously do not . bond and I know who . " mm " stop and walk up to he . 25 . my this be not a personal vendetta , double - o-seven . it 's a assignment like any other . and if you can not treat it as such , coldly and objectively , then double - o- eight can replace you . pan on " m " as he walk behind he desk . my you have hardly distinguished yourself , have you ? you be suppose to observe mister goldfinger , not borrow he girlfriend . intercut - bond and " m " bond look patiently at " m " as " m " give he he " medicine . " " m " '' ( 0.s. ) instead of that , goldfinger go off to Europe and it 's only by the grace of God , you friend leiter , and my intervention with the british embassy in Washington that you be not in the custody of the Miami Beach police . bond Sir , I be aware of my short - coming . but I be prepare to continue this assignment in the spirit you suggest -- if I know what it be about ... sir . my n ( put on he glass ) what do you know about gold ? -- not paint , bullion . bond I know it when I see it . " m " pick up a piece of paper and read it . my ( without look up ) meet I here at seven . Black tie . bond look back at " m " then turn and walk to the door . ' " m " continue read the paper . [ end of reel 2 . start reel 3 . ] 26 . int . miss moneypenny's office - day miss moneypenny turn from a filing cabinet with a file as bond emerge through the outer doorway of " m 's " office . he close the padded door behind he . dolly in closer . bond and what do you know about gold , moneypenny ? pan on bond as he walk to the hat -rack and take he hat . moneypenny ( lean back against she desk ) oh , the only gold I know about be the kind you wear ... ( hold she hand up ) ... you know , third finger of you leave hand ? dolly in further as bond approach she . bond hmm . one of this day we really must look into that . miss moneypenny well , what about tonight ? ( she take he hat ) you come round for dinner ... she toss he hat . in a insert , it land on the hat-rack . miss moneypenny and I will cook you a beautiful angel cake . bond , look in surprise at the hat -rack , turn back to miss moneypenny . bond nothing would give I great pleasure . but unfortunately , I do have a business appointment . she push he back and walk behind she desk . miss moneypenny that 's the flimsiest excuse you have ever give I . ah , well , some girl have all the luck . who be she , James ? 27 . just then " m 's " voice come over the intercom : " m " ( filter ) she be I , miss moneypenny . in " m's " office - same time " m " stand over he intercom hold a switch down . my and kindly omit the customary by - play with double - o- seven . he 's dining with I and I do not want he to be late . in miss moneypenny's office bond shut off the intercom . miss moneypenny ( surprised ) so there 's hope for I yet ? bond kiss she cheek then walk to the hat-rack . bond moneypenny , will not you ever believe I ? he take he hat and open the door . angle on miss moneypenny she sit behind she desk smile as we hear the door close . dissolve to : int . bank dine room - night in medium close shot we see three man sit at the table : colonel smither at the head of the table , " m " on the leave and bond on the right . each have a brandy snifter in front of he and there be a decanter in front of smither . " m " take a sip . a servant , brunskill , walk over hold a cigar box . he offer it to " m " who take a cigar , then cross behind bond and offer it but bond wave he off . at the same time we pull back across the extremely long table until we see a candelabra at each end and a end table in f.g. 28. smither we here at the Bank of England , mister bond , be the official depository for gold bullion , just as Fort knox , kentucky be for the United States . we know , of course , the amount we each hold , we know the amount deposit in other bank , and we can estimate what be be hold for industrial purpose . this enable the two government to establish respectively the true value of the dollar and the pound . consequently , we be vitally concerned with unauthorize leakage . bond I take it you mean ... two - shot - bond and smither bond ... smuggle . smither yes . brunskill hold the box out to smither and he take a cigar , then hand it back so brunskill can clip its end . meanwhile " m " off - screen light he cigar and blow out a puff of smoke . smither gold , gentleman , which have be melt down and recast , be virtually untraceable , which make it , uh , unlike diamond , ideal for smuggle , attract the biggest and most ingenious criminal . brunskill , bow slightly , hand smither the clipped cigar . smither thank you , brunskill . that will be all . brunskill thank you , sir . brunskill exit . smither pick up the decanter and hand it to bond. 29 . smither have a little more of this , uh , rather disappoint brandy . medium shot - " m " oye well , what 's the matter with it ? bond and smither bond ( look at the decanter ) I would say it be a thirty - year - old fiend indifferently blend , sir ... oye hold he snifter , look at bond . bond take out the stopper and sniff the content . bond . with a overdose of bon bois . oye oye Colonel smither be give the lecture , double - o- seven . bond pour some brandy from the decanter into he glass , freeze . three - shot the decanter with the stopper in it now sit on the table in front of bond , he hand on it . smither gentlemen , mister goldfinger have gold bullion on deposit in Zurich , Amsterdam , Caracas and Hong Kong , worth twenty million pound . most of it come from this country . bond pass he the decanter . bond well , why move it ? smither pass the decanter to " m . " 30 . smither because the price of gold vary from country to country . if you buy it here at thirty dollar a ounce , you can sell it in , say , Pakistan at a hundred and ten dollar and triple you money ... oye hold the stopper in he hand , sniff at the decanter then look up at bond . smither ( 0.s. ) ... provide , of course , you have the facility for melting it down . bond bond and have he ? three - shot " m " put the stopper back in the decanter and set it down . smither ( lower he cigar ) apart from be a legitimate bullion dealer , mister goldfinger pose -- eh , no , that 's not quite fair ... close shot - smither now hold the cigar at he mouth . smither . be , among he many other interest , a legitimate international jeweler . he 's , uh , legally entitle to operate modest metallurgical installation . bond sit think . 31 . three - shot smither his british one be down in Kent . as yet , we have fail to discover how he transfer he gold overseas , and Lord know we have try . ( he turn to " m " ) if you department can establish that it be do illegally , then the Bank could institute proceedings to recover the bulk of he holding . " m " look on in agreement . smither and bond bond I think it 's time mister goldfinger and I meet -- socially , of course . smither I be hope you would say that . smither rise . pan on he as he walk off frame , leave " m " in f.g. oye it might lead to a business talk -- mister goldfinger 's kind of business . bond bond I will need some sort of bait . smither ( 0.s. ) I quite agree . three - shot track with smither as he return to the table hold a object wrap in green cloth . smither this be the only one we have , from the Nazi hoard from the bottom of Lake toplitz in the salzkammergut , but there be undoubtedly other . he set it on the table and unwrap the cover , revealing : 32 . close shot - a bar of gold smither ( 0.s. ) mister bond can make whatever use of it he think fit ... three - shot smither sit back in he chair . smither provide he return it , of course . it 's worth five thousand pound . he lift he snifter . close shot - the bar of gold gleam beautifully . bond look at it then reach forward . the bar of gold bond 's hand touch it . oye hold a hand up , stop he . oye you will draw it from " q " branch with the rest of you equipment in the morning . bond look back at he and straighten he cuff . bond but of course , sir . oye grin enigmatically at bond then raise he snifter . dissolve to : 33 . int . " q " branch - day two men in a glass cubicle wear gas mask face a parking meter . one of they put a coin into it . White gas instantly shoot from it , fill the cubicle . wider angle bond stand outside the cubicle watch the gas expand . dolly back as bond walk with a hand in he pocket to a bench . " q " bend over the bench beside a sit man and point to a object he 's work on . bond pick up a hand grenade and look at it . bond good morning , " q. " " q " immediately take it from he and set it down ina container . ng " good morning , double -o-seven . this way , please . dolly with they as they walk away from the bench . bond my , we be busy this morning . two men in a alcove behind they come into view . one wear a trench coat , the other aim a machine gun at he . suddenly the gunner fire at the other man . bond and " q " react and look back . closer angle the gunner keep fire . the other man look to one side , apparently not feel the shot . the gunner stop shoot and the other man pull back he trench coat , revealing a bullet - proof vest . he look down at it . wider angle the man lower he hand and feel he crotch as the shooter look on . the man look at the shooter then feel he crotch again . " q " turn to bond . ng " it 's not perfect yet . 34 . bond where 's my bentley ? it 's have its day , I be afraid . dolly back as they walk forward . a large " no smoking " sign come into view behind they . bond but it 's never let I down . " m's " order , double -o-seven . " q " point off . pan over to reveal a gray aston-martin . the license plate , white - on-black , read " bmt 216a . " " 9 " ( 0.8 . ) / you will be use this aston-martin d.b. - five with modification . two - shot bond and " q " look down at the car . now pay attention , please . " q " step over to the car and tap the windshield . no " windscreen , bullet-proof ... ( point backwards ) as be the side and rear window . he reach in , turn a switch on the dashboard . no " revolving number plate , naturally . close shot - the front license plate it revolve to a white - on-black plate , 4711 -ea - 62 , then a black - on - white plate , lu - 6789 , then back to the original plate . " q " ( 0.8 . ) valid all country . two - shot " q " reach into he pocket and take out a small silver case . dolly in on " q " and bond. 35 . here 's a nice little transmit device call a " Homer . " close shot - the " homer " " q " ( 0.8 . ) you prime it by press that back , like this . you see ? he pull back the outer cover and the device beep . then he hold up a tiny version of the same device . the smaller model be now standard field issue , to be fitte into the heel of you shoe . its larger brother be magnetic . he release the tiny version and it stick to the larger one . two - shot bond take the device from " q . " right . to be conceal in the car you be trail while you keep out of sight . " q " open the passenger door and sit inside . reception on the dashboard , here . close shot - the dashboard " q " press a button and a small grill on the dashboard open with a hum sound , revealing a green " scope . " audio-visual range a hundred and fifty mile . he turn a dial . a indicator " blip " appear in the middle of the scope and make a beep sound . bond ( 0.s. ) ingenious -- and useful , too . two - shot bond allow a man to stop off for a quick one on route . 36 . ( exasperate ) it have not be perfect after year of patient research and time for that purpose , double -o-seven . " q " get out of the car and shut the door . bond glance at the gadget in he hand then lean a arm on the roof of the car . and incidentally , we would appreciate its return , along with all you other equipment -- intact , for once , when you return from the field . boned well , you would be surprised the amount of wear - and - tear that go on out there in the field . anything else ? " q " walk forward . dolly in on bond , look bored . well , I will not keep you for more than a hour or so if you give I you undivide attention . we have install some rather interesting modification . bond sign and lean more heavily against the car . ugn walk around to the driver 's side and point in through the window . you see this arm here ? bond look in through the passenger window . close shot - the console " q' " hand reach inside and tap the top of the console . " q " ( 0.8 . ) now open the top , and inside be you defense mechanism control : " q " open the top , revealing numerous switch . he point to many ( but not all ) of they . 37 . " q " ( 0.8 . ) smoke screen , oil slick , rear bullet - proof screen , and leave and right front - wing machine gun . he close the top . bond look on patiently but without much interest . " q " ( 0.8 . ) now this one I be particularly keen about . bond look inside again . close shot - the stick shift " q' " finger point to it . " q " ( 0.8 . ) you see the gear lever here ? now , if you take the top off ... ( he flip the top open , revealing a red button ) ... you will find a little red button . he close the top again . medium shot - " q " " on whatever you do , do not touch it . medium shot - bond bond and why not ? medium shot - " q " he hold he hand over the roof . because you will release this section of the roof ... ( point inside again ) and engage and then fire the passenger ejector seat . ( throw a hand upwards ) whoosh ! 38 . medium shot - bond bond ejector seat ? you be joke ! medium close shot - " q " " on ( miff ) I never joke about my work , double - o-seven . medium shot - bond look back chagrine . dissolve to : ext . golf club - establishing shot - day a golf shop and large hotel be in b.g. golfers walk past in f.g. pull wheeled golf cart . a gold roll royce be park near the hotel , and beyond it bond 's aston -martin . int . golf shop - day - same time the proprietor , blacking , wind tape around a golf club in f.g. goldfinger walk in . he be dress like he name : brown coat over a yellow sweater , brown stripe tie , brown golf pants and shoe , and he hold a match brown cap . goldfinger ready , black ? blacking yes , sir . dolly back to reveal bond in f.g . he wear a purple sweater and black slack and be look at a rack of golf club . blacking ( to goldfinger ) uh , there 's a old member drop by , sir . same handicap as yours . I wonder if you would rather play with he ? goldfinger where be he ? black turn to bond . blacking uh , mister bond ? 39 . bond turn to black . bond yes ? blacking ( 0.s. ) this be mister goldfinger . goldfinger turn and look at bond . he study he a moment , then speak . goldfinger how do you do ? bond look back at goldfinger . bond how do you do ? goldfinger keep look at bond . bond keep look at goldfinger . blacking ( 0.s. ) you can go straight off . the first tee be clear . three - shot dolly in as bond walk past they to the door . bond Fine . blacking I will get Hawker to carry for you , mister bond . bond ( turn back ) well , that will be splendid . ( to goldfinger ) shall we make it a shilling a hole ? 40 . goldfinger um-hmm . bond smile at he and walk out the door . ext . golf shop - same time as bond emerge we hear goldfinger talk to black : goldfinger ( 0.s. ) I will take some tee . blacking ( 0.s. ) ah , yes . of course . bond suddenly look ahead and stop . bond be Pov - the golf course oddjob step into a rigid stance right across from he . a golf bag hang incongruously from he shoulder . angle on bond goldfinger come out of the shop behind he , smile at bond 's concerned look . goldfinger oh , you must excuse oddjob , mister bond . he 's a admirable manservant , but mute . he 's not a very good caddy . pan on they as they walk past oddjob . goldfinger ( shrugging at oddjob ) golf be not yet the national game of Korea , eh? oddjob wait until they be some distance away then follow . slow dissolve to : ext . golf course - day bond stand on a put green at he ball . he wear a black hat and take aim with he putter . goldfinger 's ball be closer to the hole than bond 's . hawker stand nearby with bond 's golf bag . bond putt and sink the ball . 41 . pan on he as he walk to the hole , revealing goldfinger approach with he putter and oddjob stand nearby . goldfinger be in he sweater and wear he brown cap . goldfinger this meeting be not a coincidence , eh ? closer angle goldfinger and bond stand in f.g. , with oddjob and hawking stand in b.g. on opposite side . goldfinger lean down with he putter . goldfinger what 's you game , mister bond ? intercut - bond look at goldfinger . - goldfinger look down take aim . - his putter move back and forth at he ball . - bond keep look at he . bond my game ? - goldfinger keep look down . goldfinger you do not come here to play golf . - his putter keep move back and forth . suddenly bond 's gold bar land beside it with a thud . - goldfinger 's eye widen as he look at the bar . - the bar glisten in the sunlight . - goldfinger look back at he ball . - his putter tap the ball , which roll aside miss the hole . - bond smirk slightly and look at goldfinger . - goldfinger look at the gold bar again then turn aside . 42 . wide angle goldfinger hand he putter to oddjob as bond pick up the gold bar and give it to Hawker . bond and goldfinger - tracking shot they walk together across the green . goldfinger the 1940 smelt from the weigenhaler foundry at essen . bond part of a smelt of six hundred . goldfinger they vanish in 1944 . bond when the Nazis be on the run . goldfinger and you have access to more ? bond yes , from the same source . goldfinger interesting . wide angle they approach a tee ground where a marker say " 17 . " goldfinger two hole to go . bond yes , and all square . bond plant he ball on a tee . goldfinger then you have no objection to increase the stake ? bond ( get into put position ) no . what do you have in mind ? 43. intercut - goldfinger and bond goldfinger the bar of gold you have with you , naturally . bond ( look up ) it 's worth five thousand pound . goldfinger ( laugh it off ) oh , I will stake the cash equivalent . bond naturally . ( he look nervously down at he ball ) wide angle bond raise he club to swing . goldfinger ( suddenly ) strict rule of golf ? bond freeze in mid-stroke and lower the club . bond but of course . goldfinger nod and sway from side to side . wide angle bond swing at the ball , strike it cleanly across the fairway . goldfinger watch it go . so do oddjob . bond be Pov - the fairway the ball sail far away then land . [ end of reel 3 . start reel 4 . ] smiling tightly , bond cross goldfinger , who take a club from oddjob and approach the tee . bond watch . 44 , goldfinger set he ball down and ready himself . ina reverse angle on he leg , he club hit the ball squarely and the ball fly into the distance . goldfinger watch it go . so do bond , who step forward grin . a area of rough goldfinger 's ball sail across a area of rough and land near some tree . bond and goldfinger bond look over goldfinger 's shoulder at the rough , oddjob behind they . bond oh , bad luck . you be in the rough . goldfinger put he hand on he hip then walk forward . dissolve to : ext . the area of rough - long shot - day from leave to right , oddjob , goldfinger , bond and Hawker look for the ball in the rough . long shot - goldfinger pace near the tree , look down . ( bond be no longer where he be stand . ) bond and hawker search near the beginning of the rough . bond oh , what a pity . here it be . they look down at a ball . hawker ( pick it up ) no , it 's not . he play a slazenger one . Hawker hand bond the ball . bond look at it . it be mark " slazenger 7 . " long shot - goldfinger continue to look near the tree . 45 . bond ( 0.s. ) ( call ) strict rule of golf , goldfinger ! five minute be almost up ! bond and hawker bond ( continue ) a lose ball will cost you stroke and distance ! goldfinger keep look through the rough . oddjob pan on he as he walk with a hand in he trouser pocket . he stop walk . tilt down to he leg as a ball roll out of he trousers onto the turf . he raise he arm . oddjob ( call ) aagh aagh ! goldfinger look over and wave he club . goldfinger uh-huh . he walk off . bond and hawker watch with conceal contempt . goldfinger walk past they . goldfinger ( innocently ) I be still training he as a caddy . oddjob , off to the side , grin at bond . bond successfully , too . he and Hawker walk off . 46 . wide angle goldfinger walk to oddjob in f.g. meanwhile bond and Hawker walk toward the tree in b.g. , look around . goldfinger look down at " he " ball , which lay inch from the fairway . it be mark " slazenger 1 . " goldfinger slazenger number one. good . he hold he hand out . oddjob pass he a club . bond and hawker bond stop search and look up at goldfinger . Hawker walk up . hawker if that 's he original ball , I be Arnold palmer . bond ' tis not . hawker how do you know ? bond I be stand on it . Hawker look down . bond raise he foot revealing the ball . hawker ( laugh ) why you crafty old ... Hawker start to reach down . bond leave it . bond hold up the other ball . hawker the ball you find , sir ? bond yes. slazenger seven. ( look off ) let 's have a little fun with mister goldfinger . he slip the ball into he pocket . 47 . wide angle goldfinger , in f.g. with he back to we , swing he club strongly then walk forward . dissolve to : long shot - at the 17th hole bond 's ball lay inch from the cup , goldfinger 's a few yard away . bond approach he ball . bond ( to goldfinger ) would you like I to mark it or knock it in ? goldfinger um-hmm , play it . bond tap he ball into the cup . goldfinger walk up to he ball . goldfinger this for a half . bond that 's right . goldfinger lean over with he club . in a angle on he leg , he hit the ball and it roll into the cup . bond , hand in he pocket , look up at he . goldfinger rise haughtily and grin . bond glance back at Hawker then , as we tilt down , take he hand from he pocket . we glimpse the hide ball in he hand . he reach into the cup and withdraw two ball . tilt back up to he face . bond ( to goldfinger ) one to go . that will be the clincher . goldfinger Fine . bond toss a ball to goldfinger , who reach out gracefully and catch it . the foursome start walk . 48. bond and hawker - tracking shot hawker do you switch they , sir ? bond uh-huh . hawker then we have get ‘em . bond if he do not notice the switch . CUT to : ext . 18 th hole - day Close shot of a marker that say " 18 . " track back as goldfinger and oddjob enter the tee ground . goldfinger reach down with he ball . bond and hawker approach . Hawker look on , startle . hawker it 's you honour , sir ! bond ( hold he hand up ) it 's all right . goldfinger bend over and set he ball on a tee . he rise . the ball fall off the tee . wider angle goldfinger angle he club then notice the ball on the ground . he reach for it . bond and hawker watch in suspense . goldfinger plant the ball on the tee again , then look into the distance and ready he stroke . bond and hawker keep watch . 49 . wide angle goldfinger swing and hit the ball across the fairway . Hawker smile at bond . they walk forward . dissolve to : ext . club house - wide angle - day the final hole . goldfinger putt . his ball roll into the cup bond 's ball be equidistant on the other side of the goldfinger down in five . bond ( prepare to putt ) I will have to sink this to have the game , right ? bond putt . the ball curve away from the hole , just miss it . bond yaagh ! you win , goldfinger . goldfinger it seem I be too good for you . bond reach into the cup and take out both ball . he look at one . bond hmm . you play a slazenger one , do not you ? goldfinger , who have be lean triumphantly on he club , approach . goldfinger yes . why ? bond ( hold goldfinger 's ball up ) this be a slazenger Seven . goldfinger take it . bond hold up the other ball . bond here 's my penfold heart . goldfinger look in shock at the ball in he hand . 50 . bond you must have play the wrong ball somewhere on the eighteenth fairway . we be play strict rule , so I be afraid you lose the hole and the match . goldfinger glare up at oddjob . oddjob look back without expression . goldfinger hurl he ball to the ground and walk off as bond smile . Hawker approach with the flag , grin broadly , and plant it beside the hole . dissolve to : ext . clubhouse - day the gold roll royce sit in f.g. , beyond it bond 's aston - Martin . a number of statue adorn the clubhouse fagade . pan on oddjob as walk to the roll ' trunk carry goldfinger 's golf bag , revealing bond dress in a brown suit look on with he hand in he pocket . oddjob set the bag in the trunk and back away . dolly in on bond as he approach the trunk . he take a Homer from he pocket , prime it and plant it inside the trunk . following oddjob dolly back as he approach again carry a fold umbrella . bond gently stroke the car 's gold exterior as oddjob set the umbrella in the trunk then close a inner case and then a outer case . at the same time goldfinger approach from the clubhouse in b.g . he now wear a formal brown suit and hat . bond back away from the car , hand in he pocket , and face goldfinger . bond she 's a beauty ! phantom three thirty - seven , be not she ? closer on goldfinger approaching dolly back as he walk up to bond . goldfinger you be a clever , resourceful man , mister bond . 51 . bond why , thank you . goldfinger perhaps too clever . hold on two - shot as goldfinger look bond in the eye . goldfinger twice we path have cross . let 's leave it at that . pan on goldfinger as he open the car 's back door . goldfinger I should have think we first meeting would have convinced you . medium shot - bond bond oh , I see . pan on he as he walk over to goldfinger . goldfinger 's leave arm be link around the window - frame , revealing a gold wristwatch and band , a gold cufflink and a gold ring . oddjob stand watch on the other side of the car . bond you be worried about I not give you a return game . goldfinger both of we know perfectly well what we be talk about , mister bond . but I see that it be necessary to remind you . oddjob ! pan on oddjob as he walk past the front of the car then stand at attention across from they . goldfinger ( 0.s. ) many people have try to involve themselves in my affair -- two - shot - bond and goldfinger goldfinger -- unsuccessfully . goldfinger look off at oddjob then touch the brim of he hat and point into the distance . 52 . there Pov - a statue it be a classic Greek statue of a woman . oddjob take off he bowler hat , step over to bond and goldfinger and fling he hat at the statue . the hat fly through the air and cross the statue , knock the head off . the head and hat land at the base of the statue . bond and goldfinger look up at oddjob , who walk off to retrieve he hat . dolly in on bond and goldfinger . bond remarkable . but what do the club secretary have to say ? goldfinger . oh , nothing , mister bond . I own the club . goldfinger wipe he eye , open the car door , get in and lower a tabletop . goldfinger I assume you want the check make out to cash . bond that would be perfectly satisfactory . goldfinger look at he with a sneer . oddjob pan on he and he return to the car straighten he hat . he pass behind the car to the driver 's side . meanwhile goldfinger tear a check from he checkbook and hand it to bond . goldfinger Goodbye , mister bond . goldfinger shut he door as oddjob get in behind the wheel . bond play with a ball in he hand then toss it to oddjob who catch it . bond oh , uh ... I believe this be yours . 53 . oddjob glare at bond and squeeze the ball . bond look on . the ball fracture into little piece that oddjob fling to the ground . bond rock back on he heel , suitably impressed . the roll royce drive off . bond turn finger the check then walk over to he aston-martin and reach inside . bond 's finger press a button on the dashboard and the grill open , revealing the scope . he turn a dial and the scope glow green , show a map of the area and blip . the blip indicator be move away from the center of the scope . dissolve to : ext . a hoist - close on the roll royce - day the roll rise into the air accompany by a mechanical lift noise . the front license plate read " au1 . " wider angle the car be on a hoist beneath a airplane and be be raise to the cargo hatch . pan on a baggage handler drive by ina cart contain four suitcase , one of which be gold - coloured . as the cart pass under the plane , dolly back to reveal goldfinger and oddjob approach the step to the passenger compartment . goldfinger motion to oddjob , who hand they ticket toa stewardess at the base of the step , and the two of they walk up the step . at the stop of the step goldfinger take off he hat as he pass a stewardess at the top of the step and enter the passenger compartment . oddjob follow keep he hat on . wide angle crane back from the plane to reveal the aston-martin in f.g. and bond behind the wheel look at the scope , as we hear a announcement : airport announcer ( over loudspeaker ) british United air-ferry announce the departure of they DS - 400 flight to geneva . suddenly a voice call out to bond : 54 . security officer ( 0.s. ) mister bond ? bond look over . reverse angle dolly back as the Security Officer approach bond . security officer that 's all right . I have get you book out on the next flight to geneva , leave in half a hour . bond oh . thank you very much . security officer right , sir . the Security Officer walk off . bond look back at the british United plane , which be start to taxi away . he open the scope on he dashboard and turn the dial . the map alight show the airport at the center of the screen and the blip indicator move away from it . dissolve to : ext . swiss countryside - extreme long shot - day tilt down from tower mountain to a hilly road . goldfinger 's roll royce drive up the road . ext./ int . goldfinger be car - same time oddjob drive . goldfinger sit in back open a newspaper . he scratch the side of he face . ext . another road - long shot - day bond 's aston -martin drive up the road from a town in b.g. ext. / int . bond be car - same time bond be drive . he look down at the scope . it show a map of geneva . the blip indicate the roll be move up the top half of the scope . 55 . ext . another stretch of road - day the roll drive up the road , continue to head uphill . in the back seat goldfinger lean back with he hat over he eye , snoozing . he suddenly rub he nose then relax again . in bond' car bond look down impatiently at the scope . ext . road - same time the aston-martin navigate a bend in the road . just then a yellow Ford mustang round a corner behind it , follow . bond look in the rearview mirror . it show the mustang follow . then bond 's expression grow more interested and he look back . in the mustang a attractive blonde be drive -- tilly masterson -- but she expression be grim . she honk she horn . the road the mustang come alongside the aston-martin . bond look over with a interested expression . bond' Pov the mustang race ahead of he . bond grin . he look ahead again at the mustang , which now race perilously fast . bond prepare to put on more speed but catch himself and slow down . bond discipline , double -o-seven . ( unhappily ) discipline . 56 . ext . the first road goldfinger take - day the mustang head up the road . Inside , tilly look forward grimly . in bond' car he look down at the scope again . the blip indicator have become stationary , show no movement . ext . roadside flower stall - very high angle the roll be stop at the flower stall , which be manned by five child . goldfinger and oddjob get out of the car . closer angle oddjob walk up to one of the child . ext./ int . bond' car he keep drive , he expression impatient . angle on the road the aston -martin continue up the road . ext . flower stall - very high angle - day oddjob stand beside the roll as goldfinger approach the child . slowly zoom back to a extreme long shot revealing a much higher road in f.g . bond 's car have stop on the high road and he get out and look down at goldfinger . goldfinger turn away from the flower stall eat a orange . oddjob , behind he ( in a process shot ) , approach the child again . very high angle - bond he stand on the high road look down at goldfinger . slowly zoom back to a even longer shot revealing a even higher road in f.g . a rifle barrel come into view , aim below , and then tilly , lie prone and brace the rifle on a boulder . she fire . angle on bond the bullet strike the pavement right in front of he . he duck down then lie flat behind he car . 57 . tilly move away with the rifle . goldfinger's car goldfinger get back inside . oddjob look up at the hillside and smirk , then get behind the wheel . the roll drive away from the flower stall . on a road tilly 's car round a bend and head downhill . bond 's car emerge from a side road behind she and follow . bond look ahead now with determination . on the road the two car race down the road , bond right behind tilly . when they reach the flower stall , bond pass she and speed ahead . tilly follow , almost on he bumper , honk at he . series of shot - the chase - bond look in he rearview mirror and grin , enthuse by the chase . - the mirror show the mustang follow fast . - trucking shot : the aston -martin race around a bend , the mustang right behind it and try to pass it . - tilly sound she horn again . - bond , grin more broadly , check he rearview mirror . - trucking shot : the aston -martin start swerving to block the mustang from pass . a long horn blast sound from the mustang . - bond politely gesture to the mustang to pass he . - the mustang swerve to the other side of the road . - bond look over at it . - his hand open the console , revealing he weapon control . - the aston -martin race by with the mustang almost beside it . - bond reach down . 58 . - close shot - a rear wheel : a hub decoration open to reveal cut blade on a spindle . they extend from the wheel ona rod . - tilly look in she rearview - mirror . - blade from bond 's front wheel slam into a front tire on the mustang . - tilly look over and scream . - blade now retract from the mustang 's shred rear tire , then slam into it again and retract again . - tilly 's car skid off the road ; both passenger - side tire be blow . - she clutches the steering wheel as she car bounce to a stop , then she stroke she face . [ end of reel 4 . start reel 5 .] ext . road - day - same time the aston-martin have stop at the side of the road . bond run out , slamm the door behind he . tilly car bond run up to she . bond be you all right ? here , let I help you . he open the driver 's door and she step out . bond you know , you be lucky to be alive . tilly no thanks to you . you should have pull over further . she cross behind the back of she car and look at she tire . the rear tire be completely shred . tilly look at they ! bond a double blow - out ! I have never see one of this before . 59 . tilly look over at bond 's car . it sit innocently on the side of the road . tilly how could new tire ...? bond defect of some kind , most likely . ( sit on the edge of she trunk ) anyway , I be so glad that it 's only the car and not you . you do not look like the sort of girl who should be ditch . tilly never mind that . please take I to the nearest garage . bond certainly . she cross back to the driver 's side and grab she handbag . bond follow . bond by the way , my name be bond . would you -- tilly um , as quickly as possible . she go to the trunk . he shut the driver 's door . she open the trunk , take out a suitcase and set it down as he take a briefcase from she back seat . tilly I will take that . bond ( hand it to she ) yes , of course . he pick up the suitcase and follow she to he car . dissolve to : ext. / int . bond be car - drive - day bond drive , tilly beside he . they look at each other . bond what 's you name , by the way ? 60 . tilly soame . tilly soame . bond glance in the rearview mirror . close shot - tilly case sit on the back seat ledge with the initial " t.m. " mark on it . bond and tilly bond here for the hunt season ? TI have a case just like that one . she glance back . close shot - her case the initial on it be very visible . intercut - bond and tilly tilly it 's for my ice skate . bond Lovely sport . where do you skate ? tilly Saint Moritz . bond I do not know there be ice there this time of the year . tilly ( suddenly point ) there 's a garage . ext . garage - day - same time bond 's car drive in front b.g. and stop in f.g. tilly immediately open she door and get out . she walk past the gas pump toward the office . tilly ( call ) fraulein ! in bond' car he reach down to open the scope . meanwhile , we hear tilly : 61 . tilly ( 0.s. ) ( angrily ) I have have a accident . the scope bond turn the dial activate the scope . it alight . the beep indicator be stationary again , near a mountainside . puzzle , bond look off as if the source be nearby , then he look at the scope again . the indicator remain stationary . we hear tilly again : tilly ( 0.s. ) how long will it take ?... thank you . appreciate it . bond look down and turn off the scope then open the door and start to step out . ext . car - bond and tilly - same time bond emerge from the car as tilly walk up to he . tilly they say it will take twenty - four hour to get new tire . there 's a hotel nearby . bond oh , jump in . I will run you down . tilly that will not be necessary . bond well , I hate to leave you here alone . bond reach into the car and hand tilly she suitcase . tilly I can take care of myself . bond yes , I be sure you can . bond reach in again and hand she she briefcase . bond ( smile to she ) well , do not forget to write . he get in and shut the door , leave she there alone . 62 . wider angle the aston-martin back away , turn , then head back down the road as tilly watch . dissolve to : ext . hillside road - day pan on the aston-martin as it round a bend across froma large green hillside . a factory complex at the base of the hillside come into view . a sign on its main building say , " auric enterprise . " the car stop across from the factory and bond look over at it . closer angle - the MAIN build be a impose edifice . bond gaze at the complex then lean forward and look up higher . angle on bond' car he drive off . tilt up to the top of the hillside . dissolve to : ext . the wood above the factory - day bond , with a pair of binocular around he neck , walk down from the crest of the hill . pan on he till the factory below come into view . he sit under a tree with he back to we and look through the binocular at the factory . bond be Pov - the factory goldfinger 's roll royce sit in front of one of the building . two guard in blue jumpsuit tie with yellow sashes look inside it as three other guard approach . angle over bond he rest he arm on he knee . dissolve to : ext . hillside - night bond sit on the hillside again , arm on knee , but dress all in black . he glance at he watch . 63 . reverse angle overlook the factory . light show in some of the window . bond start to creep down the hill . he wear a black backpack . at the base of the hill bond run from the hillside onto a factory road , cross it and stop beside a brick building . he flatten he back against it for a moment then move on . just then two man in blue jumpsuit round the far corner of the building , speak together in Korean . a concrete build dolly back and pan on bond as he pass the building . the shadow of the other man cross it . he look back then run ahead . at the side of the build bond round the corner and lean back against the building , then glance back . the other man round the corner of the building behind he . they be laugh . bond run off , pass some metal drum and a sign on a wall that say , in german , " eintritt strengstens verboten " ( " entry strictly forbidden " ) . he quickly find himself in a dead - end , block by another building . he look back desperately . alongside the brick build the two guard continue forward . bond run back past the sign , mount a fire - escape ladder and start climb up . he stop on a ledge , then climb up to the next level . on a ledge louver on the building 's window provide ventilation . bond come around the corner , stop on the ledge near the louver . he look down to see the two guard turn the other way . then he turn to the louver and look inside . bond be Pov - inside the build goldfinger 's roll be partially dismantle . worker -- all of they wear blue jumpsuit and yellow sashes -- pass to and from it as red smoke rise from a furnace in b.g. 64 . bond tilt the louver so he can have a better view . he look inside again . bond be Pov - int . factory - same time the Roll 's grill be in f.g . a worker remove one of the golden headlamps , walk back and set it down . meanwhile two other remove one of the golden door , carry it back and set it down . at the same time , goldfinger and ling -- a chinese operative in a mao jacket -- approach from b.g. : goldfinger smuggle be a art , mister ling ... angle on other worker they pour molten gold into a ingot mold . goldfinger ( 0.s. ) and art require ... steam sound from the melt gold , drown out the rest of he sentence . goldfinger ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) in this case , the bodywork of my roll royce be eighteen carat gold . close shot - bond keep look in through the louver , excited at he find . inside goldfinger escort ling past a dolly bear gold ingot . goldfinger we dismantle it here . we reduce the gold in this special furnace , which in turn ... ( noise drown he out ) . weigh approximately two ton . he raise he fist to he mouth , cough , then lead ling off . 65 . goldfinger I make six trip a year to the continent in the roll royce , mister ling ... outside bond look downward in satisfaction . he have solve he case . he look again through the louver , then suddenly look to the side . bond be Pov - the factory entrance ling exit the factory then lean against a railing as goldfinger follow . ling perhaps it would be wiser to suspend you other activity . goldfinger now , mister ling , please assure you principal operation Grand slam will have my undivide attention . goldfinger lead he down a few step and around a corner of the building . goldfinger now , there be certain matter we must discuss ... medium shot - bond tilt up as he rise above the louver , look to one side and move off . dissolve to : ext . brick build - night bond run along the side of the building . he stop , plant he back again it , then dart to the bottom of the hillside . dissolve to : ext . top of hillside - night bond jump over some barb wire and head into the wood . 66 . in the wood - series of shot - bond sit on the ground and remove he backpack , look down at the factory . he rub he leave arm . suddenly he hear a TWIG SNAP and look up . - someone be move through the tree . - bond run forward then dive onto he belly . - he look forward then lower he head again . - the other person continue through the tree . - bond lower he head further then look up . - the other person stalk forward hold a rifle . - bond round the side of a tree and look ahead . - the other person move further ahead , then lie down prone and aim the rifle forward . - bond dive at the shooter as the rifle be cocked . he pounce . the rifle 's barrel tilt up , snagging a wire . in the factory - a red light suddenly glow on a sensor board accompany by a wail sound . - wider angle : a Korean guard get on a phone as another look at the board . in the wood bond roll over hold the shooter . her face enter the moonlight . it be tilly . tilly let I go ! you be break my back ! bond recognize she but keep hold she . bond what the hell be you do here ? tilly I want to kill he . bond kill who ? 67 . tilly goldfinger . bond well I want he alive . tilly I want he dead . he kill my sister . bond t.m. tilly masterson ! I know you sister , Jill . I know what he die to she in Miami . tilly no you do not ! let I go ! bond if you want to kill he , why do you shoot at I ? tilly I do not ! I be shoot at he ! bond well , you be a lousy shot . a rifle fire . bond but somebody else around here be not . come on ! he pull she to she foot as a rifle fire again . they run into the wood . tracking shot - in the wood bond and tilly run through the wood , then suddenly stop and look ahead . there Pov - a korean guard stand between two mercede benz car and call out in Korean . two other guard in the wood hear he and turn forward . bond and tilly pan on they as they run to bond 's aston -martin . a guard block they path . 68 . bond Quick ! get in the car ! I will take care of he . tilly run toward the aston-martin . bond grab the guard from behind and smashes he head against the first mercede . the guard drop to the ground . bond jump forward . series of shot - the chase - angle on the aston - martin : tilly be already inside . bond bound into the driver 's seat and start the engine . the headlight go on . - Three Korean guard run through the wood . - the aston -martin take off . pan over as the three korean arrive at the first mercede . - another three korean run around the front of the second mercede , yell in Korean . - on the road : the door of the second mercede slam shut as it take off . - wider angle : it pass the first mercede where the other three korean be lift they comatose companion . - on the road : pan on the aston-martin as it race by . - pan on the second mercede as it race after it . - the first mercede take off . - bond look in he rearview mirror . tilly look back . - pan on the second mercede as it race after they . a guard with a machine gun lean out the rear window on the driver 's side . - close shot - the gunman : he fire at the aston-martin . - tilly duck then look at bond . - bond look in the rearview mirror then down at the console . - close shot - the console : bond 's hand open it to reveal the defense mechanism control . - bond look in the rearview mirror again . - close shot - the console : his finger flip a switch . 69 . - ext . wood - same time : the aston - Martin race by trail white smoke . - tilly look at bond and smile in delight . - bond grin , know he 's show he prowess . - on the road : bond 's car race by , trail darker smoke . - the second mercede enter the haze . - closer : the man in the second mercede be dumbfounded . - on the road : the second mercede run off the road and crash into a tree . - the first mercede enter the haze . - closer : there be four man inside and all be dumbfounded . the driver peer through the haze . - on the road : the first mercede emerge from the smoke and pass the second mercede . a guard in the passenger seat fire a pistol out the window and a guard in the rear seat on the driver 's side fire a machine gun . - bond look in he rearview mirror as tilly duck at the ping of bullet bounce off the car . headlights be visible behind they . - close shot - the gunman with the pistol : keep fire . - on the road : pan on bond 's car as it race by . - bond drive with steely determination , headlight visible behind he . - on the road : the first mercede keep follow , gunman continue to fire out the window . - close shot - the gunman with the pistol : fire again . - bond keep he eye on he road . - close shot - the console : bond 's finger flip another switch . - oil shot out from a tail fin . - on the road : the first mercede round a corner . - bond look in the rearview mirror again . - the tail fin continue to shoot oil . 70 . - on the road : the first mercede slide through the oil slick and skid out - of- control off -screen . - long shot - a cliff : the first mercede sail over the cliff and burst into flame on the way down . - a factory road : the mercede slide across the road . - the brick build : it crash into the building . two guard run toward it with fire extinguishers . - on the road : pan on the aston-martin as it race past . - bond and tilly : they be calmer now , look ahead . - on the road : pan on the second mercede which be suddenly chase they again , a gunman lean out the window . - bond and tilly : bullet fire at they from behind . - close shot - bond : glance in the rearview mirror , annoyed . - bond' Pov : they reach a fork in the road . they almost go right , then take the leave branch . - tilly look ahead then glance at bond . - bond glance back at she then look ahead . - there Pov : light suddenly appear in front of they . - bond grimace as he hit the brake . - front angle : dolly back as the aston-martin screech to a halt , then tilt down to reveal it be on a cliff . - closer angle - bond and tilly : bond glance in the rearview mirror as the mercede screech to a halt behind they . - close shot - the console : bond flip another switch . - angle on the rear of he car : the rear bullet - proof screen rise . - angle on the windshield bond run for that bracken when I tell you . bond jump out of the car with a pistol in he right hand and duck behind the open door . a guard ahead call out in Korean . bond fire through a open window . 71 . - one of the guard fall dead . - tilly duck . - front angle : bond fire again . - two korean fire back . - the bullet - proof screen : take some bullet . - bond , still aim he gun , glance over at tilly . bond now ! - tilly jump out of the car . crane up as she run into the wood . - bond fire again . - the korean fire back . - bond duck behind the car door as bullet hit it . - rear angle on tilly : she continue run into the forest . another mercede : have just pull up . oddjob emerge from the back seat and aim he hat . pan on he hat as he throw - long shot : tilly keep run through the wood as the hat fly at she . - close shot : the hat strike she in the neck and she drop . - tilly land on the ground . [ end of reel 5 . start reel 6 . ] - bond look over at tilly then back at oddjob . - oddjob step forward . - bond rise and run off . - wider angle : pan on bond as he run into the wood , then oddjob come into view . he stride forward , follow , then a Korean guard follow he . angle on tilly she lie in f.g. bond approach and feel she neck . dolly in as he turn she onto she back . he feel she wrist . 72 . close shot - bond he lean back realize she be dead . bond be Pov - tilly look serene as she lie there . angle over bond a number of armed korean approach in b.g. , oddjob front among they . he stop , look over bond 's shoulder . bond look back at he . oddjob ( give order to the other ) aagh ! aagh ! the other step forward . wider angle the korean lift tilly 's body and carry it off as bond rise . meanwhile oddjob cross in f.g. and pick up he hat . angle on the wood pan as guard lead bond back to he aston-martin . one of they aim a pistol at he , yell in Korean and get into the passenger seat . bond climb into the driver 's seat . they both close they door . bond revs the engine and back up . dissolve to : ext . road to factory gate - night a caravan pass by -- first a mercede , then bond drive he aston-martin , then another mercede . they slow to a stop . in the aston -martin bond look forward in anger as the guard beside he grip he pistol . ext . gatehouse - night - same time one of the mercede honk its horn . angle on the house a old german woman in the kitchen , peel potato , wipe she hand together then against she apron . pan on she as she walk to the front door , open it , step out onto the porch and walk to a barricade as the three car wait . 73 . at the barricade the old woman push down on she end of the barricade , raise it . two - shot - bond and he guard bond glance over at the old woman as the guard look impassively at bond . the old woman curtsy to bond . bond look at she then turn forward again and give we a " Oliver hardy camera look " of total exasperation . close shot - bond' gearshift his hand shift it into gear . wide angle - the guardhouse the caravan start move forward as the old woman hold up the barricade . in bond' car he glance at he passenger then look down . close shot - bond' gear lever his hand grip it , ready to flip the top open . in bond' car he look again at the guard then look forward again . close shot - the gearshift bond 's hand suddenly pull the level downward . series of shot - the chase - the first mercede turn to the leave . - bond : his face register excitement as he switch gear again . - close - shot - the gearshift : bond 's hand shift it upwards again . 74 . - at the guardhouse : the aston - Martin suddenly speed off to the right . - in the aston -martin : the guard aim he pistol at bond 's head . - close shot - the gearshift : bond 's thumb pop the top off , revealing the red button . - two - shot : dolly in on bond as he ready he trick . - close shot - the gearshift : bond 's thumb press the red button . - the korean : he look up as the roof above he suddenly pop off and he be propel upwards . - close - up - bond : look up at he . - wide angle - the factory : with a scream , the Korean , along with he seat , fly up through the roof of the aston-martin and land on the ground . - bond : look behind he and back up . - long shot - the aston - martin : back up almost strike four Korean guard run toward it . - over bond' shoulder : he steer to the side . - ext . the aston -martin : speed off leave eight guard behind , include the one who lie prone on the ground as three other surround he . - over bond' shoulder : he race forward , serve to avoid a number of korean who appear in front of he . - the aston -martin : pan as it race past the korean . - the old german woman : she suddenly lunge into position in the road ahead of we aim a machine gun . - bond look at she in amazement . - the old woman start fire . - over bond' shoulder : he approach she as she fire at he windshield . bullet leave crack in it . - bond turn he steering wheel to the side . - the old woman keep fire . - the aston -martin race across she lawn as she keep fire . 75 . - korean in f.g. : stand at they mercede . bond race past they , nearly smash they against they car . - three other korean : fire at he as he race past they . he continue past a factory building where other korean dive out of the way . - bond look through he bullet - strewn windshield . - wide angle : the aston -martin nearly run into other korean , then veer to the side . - a factory road : the aston -martin round the corner of a building in b.g. and race forward . pan on it as it veer leave , knock over drum and box . - on the road : a mercede round the same corner and nearly run over three korean in f.g. , who dive aside , then veer leave after bond . - bond keep drive . - trucking shot : the aston -martin race forward at incredible speed , round the corner of building . - bond look ahead . - wide angle : pan on the aston-martin as it race past . - same angle : pan on the mercede as it race after he . - closer : the aston -martin race by follow by the mercede . - bond turn the steering wheel , screeching into a turn . - tracking shot : the aston -martin round a corner and race right at we . - reverse angle : the aston - Martin race into the distance . the mercede cross a intersection with the same road . - the mercede screech around the corner of a building as man lean out the window with they gun . - bond look ahead , concerned . - bond' Pov : the headlight of another vehicle seem to approach he . - bond look ahead with a steely expression . - bond' Pov : the headlight continue to approach . - bond glance from side to side . 76 . - over bond' shoulder : the headlight continue to approach . bond shield he eye . - close shot - the console : bond 's finger press a button . - angle on the aston -martin' grill : a headlight lower revealing a machine gun that start fire . - pan along the side of a building a bullet hit it . - the machine gun continue to fire . - the oncoming headlight keep approach . - bond hold he hand in front of he face . - the oncoming headlight keep approach . - bond throw the steering wheel to the side . ext . factory road : the aston -martin crash into a wall and brick fall atop it . - a mercede pull up and stop , its yellow headlight right in we face . angle on the mercede oddjob alight from the back seat , other korean follow with they gun . oddjob cross to the crash aston-martin ; a pillar lay atop it . he look up . oddjob be Pov - a mirror it be mount above they and reflect the aston-martin and oddjob grin . oddjob turn aside . the mirror show he move to the aston-martin 's driver 's door . closer angle oddjob open the door . bond 's head fall backwards from the seat , unconscious . dissolve to : 77 . int . laser room - night bond lie in darkness on he back on a metal table . he come to . dolly back as he struggle to rise . he find he arm and leg be tie to the table . the light come on with a swoosh sound . bond look to one side . goldfinger ( 0.s. ) good evening , double -o-seven . bond look the other way . wide angle - the laser room the table be in the middle of the room . a laser gun be aim just behind bond 's head . Beyond he , stair lead up to a control room . goldfinger walk down the stair , wear a gold dinner jacket , a shirt with gold button and a black bow - tie . behind he be ling , kisch , mellinger and three guard . bond my name be James bond . goldfinger ( slip he hand into he pocket ) and member of you curious profession be few in number . closer angle goldfinger approach the table . goldfinger you have be recognize -- let 's say by one of you opposite number , who be also license to kill . -- oh , that interesting car of yours ! pan on goldfinger as he move to the right . the laser gun come into view . goldfinger wipe he eye and laugh . goldfinger I , too , have a new toy , but considerably more practical . bond glance up at the laser gun . 78 . goldfinger ( 0.s. ) you be look at a industrial laser ... bond be Pov - the laser gun goldfinger ( 0.s. ) . which emit a extraordinary light , not to be find in nature . goldfinger look down at he and pace back past the table . goldfinger it can project a spot on the moon -- or , at closer range , cut through solid metal . I will show you . goldfinger turn and snap he finger at the control room . delsing flip a switch as kisch , ling and Wong look on . the barrel of the laser gun move down bond 's torso . he raise himself onto he elbow and look at it . tilt up to show its blue coil gleam as it keep move downward . long shot - the laser room the barrel of the laser gun come to rest , aim between bond 's leg . suddenly the laser light go on , gleam red . bond look down at it . the laser beam start cut the outer edge of the tabletop which be gold - coloured . goldfinger look down smile . bond look down not smile . the laser beam continue burn through the table - top . intercut - bond and goldfinger goldfinger ( point to the table - top ) this be gold , mister bond . all my life I have be in love with its colour , its brilliance , its divine heaviness . bond look up at goldfinger then down at he leg . 79 . the laser beam keep cut through the table - top , move toward bond 's crotch . goldfinger I welcome any enterprise which will increase my stock , which be considerable . bond look at goldfinger then down at he crotch again . the laser beam keep cut through the table - top . bond I think you have make you point , goldfinger . thank you for the demonstration . goldfinger ( study the beam ) choose you next witticism carefully , mister bond . it may be you last . the laser beam continue cut upwards . bond look at it then up at goldfinger . goldfinger the purpose of we two previous encounter be now very clear to I . I do not intend to be distract by another . good-night , mister bond . goldfinger turn away . bond look from goldfinger to a spot between he leg . the laser beam keep cut upwards toward he crotch . wide shot bond lie in f.g. on the table as goldfinger start walk up the step to the control booth , he leave hand in he pocket . bond do you expect I to talk ? goldfinger stop on the step and look down , both hand in he pocket . goldfinger no , mister bond . I expect you to die ! 80 . intercut - bond and goldfinger bond look up at he . goldfinger continue up the step . goldfinger there be nothing you can talk to I about that I do not already know . bond look at the laser beam . it keep cut through the table - top . bond try to think of something to say . in the control booth goldfinger talk animatedly to ling . kisch and delsing look on . bond look down at the laser beam . it keep cut upwards toward he crotch . he turn sideways . bond ( call ) you be forget one thing ! goldfinger and ling turn to look at he . bond if I fail to report , double - o- eight replace I ! goldfinger I trust he will be more successful ! goldfinger touch ling 's arm and they turn away . bond look down at the laser beam again . it keep cut toward he crotch . bond well , he know what I know ! goldfinger look back goldfinger you know nothing , mister bond ! bond operation Grand slam , for instance ! 81 . goldfinger and ling ling freeze and look at bond but goldfinger keep he cool . he watch bond and the laser beam about to slice into he . goldfinger step forward smirk as ling look imploringly at he . bond look up at goldfinger . the laser beam keep cut . bond look at goldfinger again . goldfinger stand consulting with ling and kisch . bond look again at the tabletop . the beam keep cut . goldfinger continue consulting with the other . bond look down at the beam . it be almost at he crotch . bond look up . wide angle bond in f.g. again , goldfinger beyond in the control room . goldfinger turn to bond . goldfinger two word you may have overhear which cannot possibly have any significance to you or anyone in you organization . as goldfinger talk , bond look in exasperation at the approach laser beam . it slice easily through the metal . goldfinger step forward smugly . bond can you afford to take that chance ? goldfinger hesitates . bond look over at he , then back at the table . the beam keep cut . bond look at goldfinger again . goldfinger smile , relenting . he turn back and snap he finger ( soundlessly ) at he assistant . extreme long shot the laser beam switch off as kisch walk down the step from the control room . bond look up at the laser gun then down at he leg . 82 . goldfinger you be quite right , mister bond . you be worth more to I alive . wide angle as bond lie in f.g. and goldfinger look on , kisch approach the table . bond look up at kisch , then goldfinger , then kisch . kisch raise a large pistol and point it at bond 's chest . goldfinger look on smugly as kisch aim . kisch fire the pistol ; it make a thumping sound . bond 's head lower to the tabletop . goldfinger look on with even great smugness . long shot we see the entire tableau -- bond unconscious , kisch beside he and goldfinger look on . fade out . fade in : int . jet plane - flying - day bond lie sleep in a seat . we hear the hum of the engine . he come to and look up , surprised . bond be Pov - pussy galore she be out - of-focus , then come into focus peer at he . she smile . intercut - bond and pussy bond who be you ? pussy my name be pussy galore . bond I must be dream . pussy look down at he . bond look back at she . she keep look at he . bond feel he chest . 83. bond I think I would wake up dead . pussy ( hold up a pistol ) tranquilizer gun . knockout shot . bond I see . well , I be delighted to be here . dolly back as pussy walk away . bond and , uh , by the way : where be here ? pussy set the pistol down and look out the window . pussy thirty - five thousand foot , fly south - west over newfoundland . bond well , that explain the hum . dolly back in . pussy the hum mean you be on mister goldfinger 's jet -star head for Baltimore . and you be he guest . bond I be honoure . I never realize he enjoy my company that much . pussy I do not suppose it will be all fun and game . ( call off ) mei li! reverse angle a Oriental stewardess in a gold top -- mei li -- step toward bond . mei li can I do something for you , mister bond ? 84 . bond and pussy bond uh , just a drink . a martini , shake , not stir . mei Li bow to he and walk off . bond look at she butt then swivel in he chair to face pussy . bond wo not you join I ? pussy not on duty . I be mister goldfinger 's personal pilot . bond you be ? and , uh , just how personal be that ? pussy ( glaring back at he ) I be a damned good pilot . period . bond well , that 's good news . and by the way , where be we host ? pussy he fly on ahead . pan over from bond to include mei Li approach he with a golden cup on a tray . bond take the cup . bond thank you . mei Li turn away . bond look at she butt again then face forward and raise he drink . pussy look at a clipboard . bond sip he drink . bond well , here 's to operation Grand slam . pussy , ignore he , put the clipboard away . bond watch she . pussy open the door to the cabin . bond this should be a memorable flight . 85 . pussy ( turn to he ) you can turn off the charm . I be immune . bond sip he drink then swivel again in he chair , look back at mei Li . she stand in b.g. at the bar . dissolve to : ext . plane - flying - day the plane fly through very light cloud . [ end of reel 6 . start reel 7 . ] int . cockpit - same time pussy sit in the pilot 's seat beside a female co-pilot , sydney . pussy pick up a microphone . pussy ( speak into the mic ) we will be landing in Baltimore ... in the cabin bond hear pussy 's voice over a speaker . he hold a brandy snifter . mei Li stand in b.g. pussy ( continue ) ... we port of entry into the United States , in fifty - five minute . bond rise . dolly in as he walk to mei li. bond mei Li , I would like to arrive more , uh , appropriately dress . ( he sit on a barstool ) do any of my luggage survive with I ? she start to reach down . bond ah ! he reach in front of she and pick up he suitcase . bond and , uh , my attaché case ? 86 . mei li Black attaché case damage when examine . so sorry . bond apology quite unnecessary . bond rise . mei Li gesture ahead of he . he open a padded door to the washroom and go inside . in the washroom bond shut the door behind he . in the cockpit Sydney be read a magazine . a red light behind she blink with a beep sound . pussy Sydney , tell mei Li to keep a eye on he . Sydney set down she magazine , remove she headphone and rise . in the washroom bond open he suitcase and take out a shave kit . he set it by the sink . then he take out a gray suit on a hanger , he close the suitcase and reach up to hang the suit on a hook . closer bond notice a wall clock . still closer there be a peephole in it . int . cabin - same time mei Li look through a peephole in the washroom door . in the washroom bond lean back against the wall , then take he suit and hang it over the clock . 87 . in the cabin mei Li back away , she view block . she move to a gold portal and open it , revealing another peephole . she look through it . in the washroom bond open a cabinet mirror and look behind it . he hold he hand in front of the mirror and see it through the back of the mirror . bond turn , pick up he suitcase and open it so that the lid block the view through the mirror . in the cabin mei lei back away , she view block again . in the washroom bond take a razor from he shave kit . he unscrew the handle , drop a mini- Homer device into he hand and prime it . it beep . he reach down , slide back the heel of he shoe , insert the device into a slot and close the heel . bond rise , shutting he suitcase and pick up a can of shave cream . in the cabin mei Li look through the peephole again . in the washroom bond have lather he face . he pick up the shave cream can , aim it at the mirror and squirt a circle of soap on it . in the cabin mei Li back up , thwart again , and shut the portal . ext . plane - flying - day the plane continue fly through cloud . dissolve to : 88 . int . cabin - day mei Li dust a tabletop . bond emerge from the washroom behind she , wear a gray suit and vest . dolly back as he look ahead at pussy . pussy we will be landing in twenty minute . do you want to play it easy ... ( she aim a revolver at he ) or the hard way ? and this be not a tranquilizer . dolly back to include pussy as bond walk up to she . bond uh , pussy , you know a lot more about plane than gun . pussy look back at he . bond that 's a Smith and wesson forty - five . if you fire it at this close range , the bullet will pass through I and the fuselage like a blowtorch through butter . the cabin will depressurize and we will both be suck into outer space together . ( he sit in he swivel chair ) but if that 's how you want to enter the United States , you be welcome . as for I -- I , uh , prefer the easier way . pussy ( look down at he ) that 's very sensible . bond well , besides , there 's always so much go on around mister goldfinger . oh , I would not dream of not accept he -- uh , hospitality . pussy approach he . pussy he will be very glad to see you , too . 89 . bond look up at she . she rub the barrel of the revolver under he chin . pussy you like close shave , do not you ? she turn away . bond pick up he snifter and sip . dissolve to : int . " m's " office - day he put a book in a bookcase , then hear a voice over he intercom : miss moneypenny ( filter ) Washington , sir , on the green scrambler . " mm " hurry to he desk , flip off the intercom , sit and pick up the phone . oye ( into phone ) " m m " here . felix ( over phone ) leiter , sir . oye leiter ! int . felix ' office - same time Felix be on a beige phone . the White House be visible out the window behind he . felix it 's about double - o- seven , sir . we pick up he Homer signal . it 's monitor into friendship Airport , Baltimore , where he 's just land . intercut - " m " and felix oye Baltimore ! Nice of he to let we know . last we hear , he be in Switzerland . felix he come in on a private jet ex geneva , register to we old friend auric goldfinger . 90 . oye I be glad he 's make progress . felix yes , sir . oye keep a eye on he for we . felix they flight plan give Blue grass field , kentucky as they final destination . oye do not charge in on he and spoil anything , will you ? he 's evidently well on top at the moment . CUT to : ext . blue grass airfield - day goldfinger 's jet plane taxi by and approach a hangar where a sign hang from the roof read , " pussy galore' flying circus . " on the side of the plane in gold lettering be the word " auric enterprise , inc . " dissolve to : closer angle - the sign tilt down to show the plane enter the hangar . two korean await in blue jumpsuit and yellow sashes . in the hangar the plane roll to a stop . the korean approach . the cabin door open . dolly back as mei Li start to lower the step . mei li Mr. bond ? bond of course . mei li please . bond lower the step for she . bond any time . 91 . mei li thank you . mei Li descend the step . bond follow . pan with they . she start talk to the two korean . pan back to the plane . pussy descend the step . a coat hang over she arm . bond ( take she hand ) do mind you step , captain . pussy pull back she hand and lift the coat to reveal she hold a revolver . pussy just keep play it easy . bond walk on ahead as pussy turn to mei Li . ( this time pussy pronounce she last name " lie " instead of " lee . " ) pussy mei Li , will you see everything 's arrange for mister goldfinger ? mei li of course . bond stroll to the entrance to the hangar and look outside . as pussy approach he , bond look up at the sky . bond be Pov - pussy'' flying circus five plane fly in a v-formation . bond keep look up . the plane now fly in a circle . pussy arrive at bond 's side . bond talented chap . pussy they should be . I train they . come on . truck with they as they walk alongside the hangar . bond you be a woman of many part , pussy . I believe that the bourbon and branch water 's rather splendid here in kentucky . now that we be off duty , perhaps -- 92 . just then oddjob come into view , stand beside a red station wagon . two korean sit in the back seat . a blue pickup truck be park behind it . oddjob glower at bond . reverse angle oddjob motion to bond to get in the car . pan on bond as he walk past he . bond manners , oddjob . JI think you always take you hat off to a lady . bond get in the back seat . oddjob slam the door shut and open the driver 's door . mei Li cross in b.g. , walk to the station wagon with she two korean . closer on bond bond you know , he kill little girl like you . pan on pussy as she walk up to he . pussy Little boy , too . she bang twice on the car roof . it drive off . pussy watch it go then turn aside . aerial shot - the plane the five plane fly across a grass field , come in for a landing . pussy step forward onto a perimeter track . the plane taxi toward she then come to a stop . from one of the plane , a gorgeous blonde pilot ( althea ) emerge . pan on she as she jog toward pussy , revealing the other four plane behind she . from they four more blonde pilot emerge . they all jog over to pussy . she look at they with admiration . pan on the girl as they reach she . pussy well ? 93 . althea dress rehearsal go like a dream , skipper . pussy good . you will get you final briefing tonight . that will be all for now . the girl smile and turn away . pussy watch they go then turn aside . dissolve to : ext . " auric stud " - day the station wagon drive through a gateway onto a stud farm . a sign at the entrance read , " auric stud . " on a race track track back as two jockey harness - race along the track . in b.g. , the station wagon pass some building and horse ina corral , then stop at a plantation house . bond get out of the car , follow by oddjob and the guard . oddjob motion to bond to start walk . at a stable goldfinger , wear brown suit , yellow cap and brown glove , stand on a step look at a brown horse hold by a trainer and GROOM . he see bond and step down . pan on he as he walk over to bond ; the other man lead the horse away in b.g . goldfinger ah ! welcome to auric stud , mister bond . Lovely animal , be not she ? bond ( glare at he ) certainly better breed than the owner . goldfinger ( gesture to oddjob ) show mister bond to he quarter , please . oddjob and the two guard escort bond to a staircase that run down under a wooden building . 94 . goldfinger watch with a disappointed expression , then take off he glove and walk away . int . basement corridor - day track back as oddjob and the two guard escort bond along the corridor . the wall be make of stone and there be elaborate wooden cross-beam . pan over to reveal a guard open a heavy metal cell door . there be a small bar window in it . oddjob take off he hat and motion to bond . bond step inside the cell . in the cell bond look around as the guard close the door behind he . he walk over to a grate high in the opposite wall that let in a little sunshine and air . bond reach down , feel a cot and sit on it , leg cross . dolly in as he tap the heel of he shoe . close shot - a GREEN scope the indicator light be beep . next to it be a thunderbird logo . wider angle - colonel sander ' restaurant another c.i.a. man , johnnie , sit behind the wheel look at the scope . the beep indicator be stationary . Felix stand outside the car , lean against it . it be white with a black convertible top . johnnie Felix ? Felix get in the car beside he . johnnie maybe we should just drop in on he . felix he will shout if he need we . int . bond be cell - day bond sit on the cot , he back against the wall , leg extend and arm cross . 95 . ext . veranda of stable - day kisch walk into goldfinger 's office , see through the window . goldfinger sit at a desk . kisch they be all here , mister goldfinger . goldfinger uh ?... oh , yes ... yes. ( rise and grab he yellow cap ) thank you , kisch . goldfinger exit through a back door . int . goldfinger's rumpus room - day four man ( chancer , maxim , laurence and brand ) sit on a elevate platform as another man -- solo -- pace forward . he wear a black suit and smoke a pipe . track back as solo pass a pool table where three man be play ( edward , brandon and strap ) . angle on a bar Three other man sit at the bar ( rabin , mccarthy and midnight ) . mccarthy that guy solo 's gonna wear a hole in shoe . track in as solo walk past the bar then stop , hearing a man laugh . a wooden horse hurndall laugh as he ride a wooden horse . track back to show it be be rock by baskerville . solo stand in b.g. watch , then turn away . further back be a central fireplace . goldfinger enter the room wave he cap . goldfinger gentlemen ! Men all over the room stop what they be do and look at he . 96 . midnight goldfinger , why be not we tell that New York and the West Coast be in on this ? laurence look who 's talk ! track back on goldfinger as he walk past strap and solo . strap I do not do business with Chicago ! solo I think we have a private business deal to settle . now I find I be attend a hood ' convention ! goldfinger stop at the pool table . strap goldfinger , I make a delivery . where be my money ? laurence I make a delivery , too . goldfinger ( lean on the pool table ) you all make the delivery we contract for . midnight and you owe I one million buck . goldfinger I owe each of you a million -- in gold bullion . strap so pay . goldfinger roll a ball across the table . goldfinger gentlemen , you can have the million today ... ( he pick up another ball then set it down for emphasis ) or ten million tomorrow ! strap do you say ten million ? 97 . goldfinger as soon as my bank open in the morning . solo bank do not open on Sunday . goldfinger my bank will ! goldfinger laugh . tilt down as he reach under the pool table and flip a switch . the sound of a motor hum begin and the pool table start move . intercut - around the room the pool table revolve counter - clockwise and the tabletop invert to reveal a console . strap what 's with that trick pool table ? goldfinger cross to the console as the table stop move and the hum end . he reach out and turn three white dial . indicator light go on and another hum sound start . [ end of reel 7 . start reel 8 . ] a large wood panel lower over the window . laurence cover he ! strap hey , cover that door ! solo turn that light back on ! Three gangster back up in the dark . a large aerial photograph rise from the floor and interior light go on . goldfinger there be no cause for alarm , gentleman . he turn a black knob . the hum sound increase . he look up . the large photograph flatten against the wall as side panel come into place beside it . 98 . laurence ( 0.s . ) I do not like be coope up like this . -- what 's that map do there ? goldfinger take a pool cue from a rack by the table . pan on he as he cross to the aerial photo . it depict Fort knox and the surround area . goldfinger ( point with the cue ) this be my bank . the gold depository at Fort knox , gentleman . in its vault be fifteen billion dollar -- the entire gold supply of the United States . strap ( laugh ) knock off Fort knox ?! the gangster laugh at he . laurence get a key or somethin' ? goldfinger of a kind . pan on he as he walk back to the console . solo there be thirty - five thousand troops station around there . goldfinger ( set down the cue ) forty - one thousand . midnight and who 's go to say " boo " to they , goldfinger ? goldfinger turn the white dial again and the hum sound resume . the bar start to swivel around and the centre of the floor retract , revealing a hide model of Fort knox . the gangster panic . midnight hey , what 's go on here ?! another gangster hey , what be this ?! 99 . another gangster it 's the floor ! another gangster say , what be this , a merry - go - round ?! the bar swivel into a new position . goldfinger look off . a lighting apparatus lower from the ceiling above the model . the model start to rise . the gangster look at it in amazement . goldfinger approach the model hold he pool cue . goldfinger man have climb mount everest . go to the bottom of the ocean . he have fire rocket to the moon . Split the atom . achieve miracles ... ( the hum stop ) in every field of human endeavor -- except crime ! in bond' cell bond pace to the door . he look out through the bar . a Korean guard sit outside watch he . bond wave to he . the guard look back expressionless . bond turn , pace to the far end of the cell and return to the bar . the guard sit stare at he . bond wave to he again and turn away . the guard continue to watch expressionless . bond pace to the bar again and smile at the guard . the guard stare back . bond wink at he . the guard stare back . bond smile and suddenly lower himself below the window . the guard keep look . bond be no longer visible . the guard get up , walk to the door and look through the bar . the cell appear empty . he take out a gun , unlock the door and kick it open . in the cell the door slam against the inner wall . the guard walk in . bond hide above he in the rafter . 100 . the guard look around , see a empty cell . upward angle on the guard bond , above he , brace himself . bond suddenly jump down . he grab the guard from behind . they tussle and fall to the floor . they struggle for the gun . bond slam the guard 's hand against the bed frame and the gun fall . the guard shove bond against the wall . bond kick he under the chin and the guard fall flat on he back . zip pan over to the gun under the cot . bond take the gun and he jacket and back out of the cell as the guard lie unconscious in f.g . in the corridor bond shut the cell door behind he , lay the key on a pile of rag and walk down the corridor put on he jacket . as he near the end of the corridor , we see a basement control room ahead contain a hydraulic lift and we hear voice from above : goldfinger ( 0.s. ) the underworld will rock with applause for century . midnight ( 0.s. ) cut the commercial . strap ( 0.s. ) yeah , get to the point ! in the rumpus room Seven of the gangster be line up on the platform face goldfinger . he hold the pool cue and approach solo . solo you be waste my time , goldfinger . the depository be impregnable . strap ( step forward count on he finger ) look , the joint be bomb-proof , electrify , lousy with machine gun , tear gas -- 101 . goldfinger bear with I , please ! Fort knox be a bank , like any other . larger , better protect perhaps , but nonetheless a bank ! pan over as he point the pool cue at the model . goldfinger it can be , I think the expression be , blow . zoom in on the model . bond 's eye look out through window in the replica of Fort knox . goldfinger ( 0.s. ) my plan be foolproof , gentleman . under the model bond stand on the hydraulic platform . he jump down , look around , tear a piece of paper from a roll - up document and grab a pencil . he run back under the model and look through it again . meanwhile we hear goldfinger continue : goldfinger ( 0.s. ) I call it operation Grand slam . I have devote fifteen year of my life to it . every detail have be scrupulously prepare . every eventuality have be consider . we will operate on a split-second schedule . you organization , mister Midnight , bring ina consignment of this canister ... in the rumpus room goldfinger hold up a gold canister the size of a wine bottle . goldfinger across the canadian border . they contain Delta nine . under the model bond prepare to write on the piece of paper . in the rumpus room midnight Delta nine ? what 's that ? 102 . goldfinger ( gesture emphatically ) a invisible nerve gas which disperse fifteen minute after induce complete unconsciousness for twenty - four hour ! goldfinger hand the canister to one of the gangster and pace past they . goldfinger tomorrow at dawn , the Flying Circus of my personal pilot , miss pussy galore ... under the model goldfinger ( 0.s. ) ... will spray it into the atmosphere ! bond start write . pan over to the piece of paper . he write : " q07 to CIA aerial nerve gas precede dawn raid fort knox tomorrow " goldfinger ( 0.s. ) once the population , include the military , have be immobilize , my task ... in the rumpus room goldfinger ... force , which Mr. strap and he people smuggle across the Rio Grande from Mexico , will approach Fort knox in motorize equipment along bullion boulevard ... he point to the model with the pool cue . goldfinger . which run past the depository here , and intersect with gold vault Road . this fence surround the depository , as mister strap remind we , be electrify . it will be dynamite . my task force will then move to the main entrance and demolish it . 103 . solo how , may I ask ? goldfinger you make that possible , mister solo , by arrange , through you considerable influence in shipping circle , to bring through custom uninspected a consignment label machine part . all that will then remain be to descend to the vault where the bullion be store . solo I have hear enough . strap let he finish . solo ( interrupt ) if you have no objection ... ( to goldfinger ) I will take my money now . strap what 's the matter , solo ? too big for you to handle ? goldfinger look over at other gangster . they look back at he . he look at another group of gangster . they look back . under the model , bond watch . goldfinger gentlemen , we must respect mister solo 's decision . please excuse I for a few minute while I take care of he . make yourselves comfortable . goldfinger lead solo toward the door . under the model bond take the Homer from he heel , fold the paper around it and slip it into he pocket . he look through the model again . he hear general hubbub from the gangster , and a few clear word : first gangster how do we get it out ? 104 . second gangster that 's the bit I want to hear . third gangster yeah , and it have better be good . tilt down to bond 's foot . suddenly a pair of hand grab he ankle and yank on they . he fall face - down onto the platform . the hand pull he back and hurl he against a wall . he turn around and suddenly stop . his assailant be pussy . she glare at he with she hand on she hip . bond pussy ! well , who teach you judo ? she hold she hand out . dolly back as she step forward ; a guard cross behind she . pussy the gun you take . bond oh , the gun . the gun , of course . he take it from he pocket and hand it to she handle - first . she motion to he to go back down the corridor . he start walk . she hand the gun to one of the guard . bond we must have a few fast fall together sometime . angle on the basement control room kisch step forward , press a button and slide armoure door glide shut . in the basement control room dolly after kisch turn to a control panel and switch on two t.v. monitor . they show different angle on the rumpus room . in the rumpus room gangster hover around the model . midnight hey , strap , y'know , if he 's get the right answer , you and I do not even have to be there . the boy can handle everything . 105 . in the basement control room kisch don a gas mask . then he press a button on a control panel . indicator light go on . on one of the monitor we see the fireplace hood shut over the grate and some light go off . in the rumpus room the gangster react with panic . gangster hey , they close up the fireplace ! pan over to the wall - size photo . a shield lower over it , sealing the room . another gangster I do not like this ! four teargas canister rise from a console table . midnight what 's goin ' on here ? in the basement control room kisch turn a switch . the teargas canister dolly in as they start hiss . wider angle Blue light start flash . the gangster choke and run around . midnight the gas ! gangster fall to the ground . the canister keep hiss . the last of the gangster drop to the ground . ext . plantation house - day a Korean guard load bar of gold into the trunk of a car . dolly back to show it be a cadillac . 106 . goldfinger and solo emerge through the front doorway of the house . another guard follow behind they with a briefcase and overcoat . goldfinger such a pity you do not choose to remain with the other , mister solo . however ... the guard close the trunk . solo glance up . goldfinger notice and look back . pussy walk up to they with bond . bond take he hand from he pocket , hold the piece of paper with the Homer . goldfinger ah , mister bond . I think you be rest in you quarter . four - shot solo , goldfinger , pussy and bond . bond oh , they be delightful , but it 's much too nice to stay indoors . I run into miss galore and she suggest that we join you . goldfinger ( turn between the two man ) mister solo , mister bond , another of my distinguished guest . solo hello . bond leave we so soon , mister solo ? goldfinger unfortunately , he have a press engagement . solo yeah . I would like to get start , goldfinger . he call behind he to the guard . solo Boy ! 107 . solo approach the car follow by the guard . bond ah , when you gotta go , you gotta go . solo open the passenger door . bond slip the paper into he pocket . goldfinger my plane will get you to New York on time . with you excess luggage . ( he laugh ) solo take the briefcase and overcoat from the guard and get into the car . bond ( close the door ) allow I . oddjob approach from b.g. goldfinger my chauffeur 's a excellent driver . you will be at the airport in a few minute . oddjob get in behind the wheel . goldfinger Goodbye , mister solo . some other time , perhaps ... bond ( lean forward ) happy landing , old boy . pan on the car as it drive off . [ end of reel 8 . start reel 9 . ] three - shot goldfinger , pussy and bond . pussy I find he under the model . goldfinger look at bond . bond look back . bond operation Grand slam . I do enjoy you briefing . 108 . goldfinger look back at bond . bond look back at goldfinger . goldfinger ( grin slightly ) so do I . pan on he as he walk off . bond and pussy watch he go . goldfinger head for the stable . ext . STREET - day pan on oddjob 's cadillac as it drive by . outside colonel sander ' johnnie again sit in the driver 's seat of the thunderbird . he hear the scope beep and look at it . the beep indicator be move . he get out of the car and honk the horn . Felix hurry out of the restaurant eat . johnnie he 's on the move ! Felix take another bite and head for the car . johnnie back the car up . Felix rush into the passenger seat and they take off . the cadillac turn a corner at " Joe 's drive - in " and head up another street . the thunderbird follow up the same street . in the thunderbird Felix look at the scope . the beep indicator move upwards . felix slow down . do not crowd he . the thunderbird keep follow . the cadillac cruise along . solo sit impassively in the back seat as oddjob drive . 109 . the cadillac pass under bridge where a sign read , " INTERNATIONAL airport . " then it pass a sign at the side of the road that read , " airport . " solo ( look back ) be you blind or something ? you miss the turn ! oddjob look purposefully ahead . on a side road the cadillac round a corner . it stop at the side of the road . solo , puzzle , look back . oddjob pick up a pistol with a silencer and aim it at he . solo look forward again and see the gun . his eye open wide in shock . oddjob shoot he in the chest . solo fall back against he seat then drop out of view . oddjob peer down at he smugly . the cadillac drive forward again . in the thunderbird Felix study the scope . felix hmm . he turn to the right just ahead here somewhere . the thunderbird stop , back up and head in a different direction . oddjob drive serenely . angle on the STREET the cadillac race by under a bridge . in the thunderbird the beep continue . 110 . johnnie ( glance at the scope ) where 's this old pal of yours head ? felix ten will get you one , it 's a drink or a dame . johnnie look at he and smile . angle on the STREET the thunderbird continue under the same bridge . in the cadillac oddjob keep drive serenely . angle on the STREET he turn into a scrap yard where scrap metal be pile into pyramid . a sign on the wall read , " atlantic iron & metal in the scrap yard oddjob pull to a stop , get out of the cadillac and walk away . just then grab hook descend onto the car . they surround the roof , grip the car , and raise it into the air . the hook swing the car overhead then drop it into a car - crush machine . the flange of the machine start to close on the car . series of shot the machine 's hydraulics compress the car into a foot- square cube . the flange retract and a gateway open . a metal arm push the cube out through the gateway . a electromagnet snag the cube from above . it lift the cube into the air then lower it into the back of oddjob 's blue pickup truck as oddjob ( look thin ) approach the truck . oddjob get in behind the wheel and glance back as the cargo be lower into place . oddjob drive away . 111 . in the thunderbird Felix try adjust the control of the scope but the beep have stop . felix Dead . johnnie mechanical failure maybe . felix unless he switch it off . Felix keep try to adjust the scope . johnnie why would he do that ? felix drive to the farm . it 's all we can do . johnnie right . pan on the thunderbird as it drive on . then the pickup truck come down the other side of the road . pan on it into the other direction . dissolve to : ext . patio of goldfinger's plantation house - day pussy sit at a table with goldfinger . a servant set mint julep in front of they . pussy thank you . the servant move off . dolly in to a tighter two - shot of pussy and goldfinger . goldfinger you share of operation Grand slam will make you a very rich woman , my dear . pussy why else would I be in it , mister goldfinger ? she reach for she glass . he stroke she hand . 112 . goldfinger you will retire to England , I suppose ? he continue stroking she hand . pussy no. I have spot a little island in the Bahamas . I will hang up a sign -- she take the glass , rejecting goldfinger 's hand . pussy -- no trespasp , and go back to nature . goldfinger tap the tabletop , acknowledge the rejection . three - shot pussy , goldfinger and kisch . kisch walk up to they . goldfinger yes , kisch ? kisch two man in a car , with binocular . goldfinger tout look for racing tip . outside the farm - day Felix and johnnie stand at a fence , the thunderbird park behind they . Felix hand johnnie a pair of binocular . Felix look through they . goldfinger start think . goldfinger there be another possibility , however . kisch , ask mister bond to join we . kisch walk off . dolly in on pussy and goldfinger . 113 . goldfinger ( to pussy ) we be quite right to spare mister bond 's life in Switzerland . if that gentleman be he friend , let we convince they he need no assistance . for they benefit , pussy , let 's make he as happy as possible . I suggest you change into something more suitable . pussy certainly . ( set she glass down ) Business before pleasure . he chortle . she get up . her chortle again as he watch she go , then turn to he drink . in bond' cell bond sit on the cot , he back against the wall and leg ina v-position , wear he suit . dolly back and pan over to reveal three guard watch he . kisch appear in the doorway and gesture to bond with a gun . kisch he want you . bond get up . ext . stud farm - at the fence - day Felix and johnnie stand look over the fence , Felix with the binocular . he pan over , see something . felix ' Pov - the porch of the plantation house kisch follow bond to the porch where goldfinger still sit at the table . goldfinger ( casually , gesture ) ah , mister bond . sit down , please . a mint julep ? traditional , but satisfy . bond yes , thanks . ( to the servant ) sour mash , but not too sweet , please . 114 . the servant nod and walk away . bond ( slip he hand in he pocket ) you disappoint I , goldfinger . you know operation Grand slam simply will not work . incidentally , Delta nine nerve gas be fatal . goldfinger you be unusually well inform , Mr. bond . the servant approach with bond 's drink on a tray . bond you will kill sixty - thousand people uselessly . ( to servant ) ah ! he take he drink . the servant move off . kisch , though , linger behind they . intercut - bond and goldfinger goldfinger american motorist kill that many every two year . bond yes , well , I have work out a few statistic of my own . ( sit across the table from he ) Fifteen billion dollar in gold bullion weigh ten thousand , five hundred ton . sixty man would take twelve day to load it onto two hundred truck . now , at the most , you be go to have two hour before the army , navy , air force , marine move in and make you put it back . goldfinger who mention anything about remove it ? bond stop drink . kisch lean back against a pillar behind they , watch . goldfinger be the julep tart enough for you ? bond ( think ) you plan to break into the world 's large bank , but not to steal anything . why ? goldfinger go on , mister bond . bond mister ling , the Red chinese agent at the factory . he 's a specialist in nuclear fission . -- but of course ! goldfinger smile back at he . bond his government 's give you a bomb ! goldfinger I prefer to call it a atomic device . it 's small , but particularly dirty . bond cobalt and iodine ? goldfinger precisely . bond well , if you explode it in Fort knox , the , uh , entire gold supply of the United States will be radioactive for ... fifty - seven year ! goldfinger fifty-eight , to be exact . bond I apologize , goldfinger . it 's a inspire deal . they get what they want -- economic chaos in the West -- and the value of you gold increase many time . goldfinger I conservatively estimate ten time . 115 . 116 . bond brilliant . but the atomic device , as you call it , be already , obviously in this country . goldfinger obviously . bond but bring it to Fort knox , uh , undetected could be risky -- very risky . goldfinger oh the contrary , mister bond . the risk be all on you side . if the authority should attempt to locate it , who know where it might be explode , eh ? perhaps the polaris submarine pen at New London , cape Kennedy , near the White House ... but we be speculate idly . operation Grand slam will be successful . you will be there to see for yourself -- to closely for comfort , I be afraid . [ end of reel 9 . start reel 10 . ] bond look off . he see the blue pickup truck return . the truck stop in front of the house . goldfinger approach it , follow by bond . goldfinger forgive I , mister bond , but , uh , I must arrange to separate my gold from the late mister solo . goldfinger approach the pickup truck . bond as you say he have a press engagement . as goldfinger reach the back of the truck , pussy emerge through the front door of the house wear casual clothes . goldfinger ah , very chic , miss galore . ( to bond ) do not you agree ? please entertain mister bond for I , pussy . I will join you both later . 117 . he bang on the back of the truck and walk off with it . pussy cross behind bond and link a arm through he . pussy well , how about it , handsome ? do not you think it 's about time we get to know each other socially ? bond well , the new miss galore . where do you hide you gold knuckle in this outfit ? pussy ( escort he forward ) oh , uh , I never carry weapon after business hour . bond yeah ? so you be off duty . pussy I be completely defenseless . bond ( look at she ) so be i. pussy laugh . at the fence Felix continue look through the binocular , johnnie beside he . through the binoculars bond and pussy walk casually across the grounds toward a stable . felix lower the binocular and pass they to johnnie . felix that 's my James . tracking shot - bond and pussy they walk past the stable , she arm still link through he . bond beautiful place goldfinger have here . 118. pussy yes . I be glad you be enjoy it . bond too bad it all have to end tomorrow morning . he face pussy . she look back at he . bond he 's quite mad , you know . pussy keep look at he . bond turn to the entrance to the stable . bond well , now . what do we have here ? he walk inside , pussy follow . at the fence Felix look through the binocular again . felix double -o-seven seem to have the situation well in hand . come on , I be bushed . let 's get back to the motel . they turn away toward the thunderbird . int . stable - day - same time bond pace in front of pussy . bond you be quite a girl , pussy . pussy I be strictly the outdoor type . bond I would like to think you be not in on all of this , uh , caper . pussy skip it . I be not interested . let 's go . he grab she arm and turn she back . 119 . bond what would it take for you to see thing my way ? pussy a lot more than you have get . bond ( look into she eye ) how do you know ? pussy ( look back ) I do not want to know . she turn to the door again . he grab she and hold she back . bond be not it customary to grant the condemn man he last request ? pussy you have ask for this . she hurl he with a judo move . he summersault and land on he butt in hay . he look back at she . she exhales . pussy walk up to he . pussy get up ! bond grab she leg and drop she into the hay . bond ( rise ) certainly . he offer a hand to help she up . she rise . she try to throw he but he twist she around and toss she over he back . she land in the hay . she recover and look back , glaring . bond smile , walk toward she and sit beside she . bond there . now let 's both play . she try to kick he but he jump on top of she . she place she hand at he throat , try to push he away , but he steadily lower himself . she turn she head to the side . 120 . bond 's mouth come down on hers and they kiss . struggle at first , pussy finally relent and let he kiss she . her hand move from he neck to he shoulder , then the fling she arm around he . dissolve to : ext . airfield - day a airplane 's propeller rev up . wider angle a Korean guard check the gas canister mount under the wing of one of the plane . he run to the other wing and check the canister there as well . another guard in b.g. look under the wing of another plane ( but there be no canister there ) . pussy'' voice ( 0.s. ) pussy galore to Champagne leader . commence rock-a - bye baby . good luck . the guard back away . pan on the five plane as they taxi down a runway . another shot pan on the plane as they take off . dissolve to : in the sky the plane fly in v-formation . in one of the plane DENISE be fly and talk into she mic . DENISE speed two -two -o . wind check westerly . aerial shot - the five plane fly across the sky . 121 . DENISE look pleased , glance down at she control . dissolve to : aerial shot - above the plane they fly over green terrain . DENISE talk into she mic . DENISE Champagne leader to Champagne section . commence dive -- now . aerial shot - behind the plane they fly in v-formation over a forest approach Fort knox in extreme b.g . DENISE talk into she mic again . DENISE ready for rock -a - bye baby . commence spray on countdown . five ... in another plane maggie be at she control . denise' voice four ... in another plane lesley be at she control . denise' voice three ... in another plane jane be at the control . denise' voice two ... 122 . in denise' plane she speak the final word into the mic . DENISE zero . the canister under her wing begin to spray smoky gas . aerial shot - following the plane they continue fly in v-formation right over Fort knox . angle from the ground the plane continue over Fort knox and separate from formation . under a wing smoky gas continue to shoot from a canister . aerial shot - the plane fly off in different direction . in one of the plane Jane sit at the control , look over . angle from the ground - two of the plane pass over plane sit on a tarmac and various building . pan on they to reveal a sign on a brick building that read , " welcome to fort knox . general russhon . " aerial shot - plane' Pov we pass over barrack approach two water tower . in a plane denise at the control look down . her Pov - the water tower she begin fly past they . angle from the ground she continue past they . 123 . aerial shot - plane' Pov more barrack approach . under the wing smoky gas shoot out from the canister as the plane cross the barrack . on the ground a phalanx of march man suddenly fall to the ground as a plane pass over the barrack beside they . a plane fly over other roof . on the ground another phalanx of march man fall . the wing of another plane more white smoke shoot from the canister as the plane fly over more barrack then cross a tall building . in the cockpit Leslie be at the control . her Pov - a parade ground a number of soldier stand group together as she approach . on the ground a group of man collapse . under the wing the plane continue spraying gas as it pass overhead . on the ground a group of soldier on a trestle bench fall unconscious . then another group of man collapse . leslie' Pov the plane angle up into the air . leslie look down . 124 . leslie' Pov she pass over row of battle tank . at a hanger more soldier drop to the ground . on the ground another plane fly over another row of tank and the soldier there collapse , then the plane circle overhead . it pass the roof of building . in the cockpit denise look down . on the ground - another parade ground two plane pass overhead and more soldier fall to the ground . on a tarmac a plane pass over another group of soldier . they collapse . a plane fly over a building . on another field a group of soldier in f.g. collapse . then a row of soldier behind they do calisthenics drop to the ground . Pov from the cockpit the plane rise from the soldier into the air . another plane fly over a rooftop . in the cockpit denise look down , another plane visible in b.g. DENISE be Pov - the military base the building appear desert . series of shot - the victims - a group of soldier lie collapse on the ground . 125 . - another group of soldier lie collapse in a jeep . - another group of soldier lie collapse in a street . - another group of soldier lie collapse near truck . - another group of soldier lie collapse near building . tilt down to even more collapse soldier on grass nearby . int . denise' cockpit - same time DENISE ( into she mic ) Champagne leader to Grand slam task force leader . the baby be asleep . ext . countryside - day - same time a convoy await -- three truck , a jeep and a ambulance . DENISE ( 0.s. , filter ) I repeat : the baby be asleep . we be go home now . at the jeep dolly back past two korean inside to reveal kisch blow a whistle . the korean wear they blue jumpsuit and yellow sashes ; kisch wear green army fatigue . behind a truck bond sit in back wear a black suit . he be handcuff to oddjob . oddjob toss he a gas mask . oddjob argh ! bond catch it and oddjob climb in beside he . kisch put on a gas mask and get into the jeep . long shot - the task force the vehicle take off , the jeep in the lead . dissolve to : 126 . the convoy pan as they turn a corner to reveal two crash car . one be overturn and from the other a man 's body lean out . dissolve to : another STREET the convoy head up the street and pass soldier lie on the ground and other lie in a jeep . the convoy round another corner . pan on they as they pass more soldier lie on the ground . ext . road to fort knox - day - same time the convoy round another corner . ahead lay Fort knox . a green car rest in a ditch at the side of the road and Felix ' head be visible lean dead out a rear window . johnnie lie beside he . in the jeep kisch and the other two man in gas mask look to the side . kisch be Pov - fort knox as they approach it they see a overturn truck and many soldier lie at the side of the road . in the jeep kisch look ahead . kisch be Pov - fort knox come closer . more soldier lie in another jeep at the other side of the road . angle from behind - the convoy approach the gate . bond and oddjob be in the bed of the last truck . pan over to the green car in the ditch and zoom in on Felix , lie still . at the gate the convoy pass a sign that read " stop at red signal . " it halt at the gate to Fort knox . kisch alight from the jeep . one of the korean hand he a wooden box . 127 . kisch open it . Inside be a measure device with a meter register " toxic unit per CC x100 " and a label that say " auric spectrometer . " the needle be at zero . kisch give the box back to the Korean . the first truck a tarpaulin be raise , revealing a dozen guard in gas mask . kisch pull off he mask and blow he whistle . the last truck oddjob remove he mask and gesture to bond to do the same . at the gate Guards from the first truck carry explosive cylinder to the gate . they lay they at the base of the gate . a guard attaches a wire to the explosive as kisch look on . the guard run back to the jeep unspool the wire . another guard attaches it to a detonator and turn the handle . the gate explode , send piece fly . bond look back at the explosion . the jeep drive through the gateway . on the ground of fort knox the jeep , follow by the truck , turn down a circular drive that run past the fort . pan over to the front entrance , where lettering over the doorway read " UNITED states depository . " at the side of the fort the ambulance pull to one side , its back to the depository , as the other vehicle take position nearby . two guard open a panel on the side of the ambulance , revealing control switch . they back away as kisch walk up and turn a dial . the top of the ambulance open up . dolly in as a laser gun rise from inside the ambulance , point at the fort . two guard ride the lift up with it . bond and oddjob alight from the back of the truck . 128 . at the side of the fort kisch signal to the ambulance driver . kisch chafoo ! the ambulance back up to the side door of the fort . bond and oddjob stand nearby . the guard activate the laser , send a red beam into the top of the door . bond and oddjob step closer and watch . the beam start cut across the top of the door . the guard aim it further along . kisch watch . the beam keep cut . the guard aim it further to the side . bond and oddjob watch . the beam reach the other end of the door . kisch signal to four guard with a chain . two of they attach it to the back of the ambulance and the other two run to the fort 's door a guard turn the laser off . int . fort knox - reception area - day - same time the door fall to the floor and be drag away by the ambulance . kisch enter and move to another door as guard run past he . two guard take a trolley ; another run upstairs to a control room ; another pose with a machine gun . the guard with the trolley run outside with it as kisch press a button and open another door . [ end of reel 10 . start reel 11 . ] ext . front of fort knox - same time a group of collapse soldier lie in a jeep in f.g. asa helicopter fly across the fort . bond and oddjob look up at it . at the side of the fort the helicopter pass over the building . in the reception area through the open door we see the helicopter come in for a landing . 129 . outside the fort bond and oddjob watch the chopper land . goldfinger emerge from the chopper wear a brown overcoat and a scarf , follow by ling carry a small box . pussy be in the pilot 's seat , all in white . goldfinger walk up to bond . goldfinger good morning , mister bond . for once you be exactly where I want you . bond look over at pussy . she look back at he , concerned , then ahead at the fort . Guard push the trolley away from the chopper . the trolley now bear a large silver cabinet . dolly back as the guard wheel it into the reception area past other guard who man the doorway . bond , goldfinger , oddjob , kisch and ling follow . ling unlock the top of the cabinet and gesture to the guard . two guard open the top of the cabinet , revealing shield and control . ling set he box on the shield . bond , goldfinger and oddjob look on . ling take a primer from the box and place it in a slot by the control . goldfinger signal up to the control room . a guard nod , turn to a switchboard and look down through a viewer . guard Pov - the combination lock there be two row of number . the top row read " 92255 . " the bottom row read " 10085 . " both change to " 36104 . " the vault door a round door with a handle in the middle begin to open . bond and oddjob look on . the door swing all the way open , revealing a gantry and stair inside . floor slide into place at the base of the entryway . the bomb ling turn a control dial then turn a key and remove it from the primer . the device begin emit a rhythmic hum . 130 . goldfinger , look on with bond and oddjob , check he watch and wind it . Guards close the top of the cabinet and ling lock the top . zoom in to a timer beside the control that start count down from " 354 . " close shot - a oscilloscope the scope begin oscillate with a wave signal sound . wider angle - felix ' car Felix open he eye and rise . dolly back to reveal a scientist in glass in the rear . scientist the bomb 's here . felix let 's get move , brigadier . a brigadier general rise in the passenger seat and a lt . colonel rise in the driver seat . brigadier right , Jack . move in . lt . colonel ( into a phone ) move in , commando tactic . pan over to reveal Fort knox down the road . the soldier who be lie " dead " get up . a soldier crouch just outside Felix ' car speak into a microphone . brigadier ( 0.s. ) minimum offensive fire until I signal bomb have be neutralize . in the car brigadier come on ! the man jump out as the Lt. Colonel remain on the phone . lt . colonel ( on phone ) minimum offensive fire until I signal bomb have be neutralize . bomb disposal unit to accompany " dog . " 131 . int . bank vault - day Guards move the trolley in across a bridge . bond and oddjob follow . extreme long shot - the vault it be a four-story tall cathedral of gold . stair lead down from each level . gold bar be stack in gigantic bar cage . Guards move the trolley to a lift . closer angle bond , oddjob and goldfinger walk up to the trolley . kisch unlock the handcuffs from oddjob 's wrist . meanwhile , goldfinger look hungrily to the side . tilt down stack of gold bar in a cage . goldfinger look up at bond again . kisch attaches the handcuffs to the trolley , then he and oddjob walk away . goldfinger ( with a slight bow ) Goodbye , mister bond . he signal to kisch , who press a button on the lift . the lift descend with bond on it . zoom back to a extreme wide shot of the vault as bond approach ground level . goldfinger turn away , leave oddjob at the lift door look down . the lift arrive at ground level . bond look at the timer . it count from " 256 " to " 254 . " he reach for the control panel . in the reception area goldfinger exit the vault and walk over to ling . goldfinger mister ling , it be merely a matter of timing and ... ext . fort knox - same time Army soldier grab some of goldfinger 's guard from behind . other guard fire machine gun back at they . 132 . in the reception area Guards back into the area fire gun . goldfinger suddenly run up the stair to the control room . in the control room goldfinger look into the viewer and start turn dial , scramble the combination to the vault . looking into the vault the door start to close . oddjob and kisch be in b.g. kisch see the door move and run for it . the door close on he . in the control room goldfinger pull off he overcoat and scarf , revealing a army officer 's uniform underneath . he put on a green cap . at the helicopter pussy look at the fight and reach for the control in the control room goldfinger straighten he green cap , pull a gold revolver from inside he coat and run from the room . in the reception area goldfinger run down the stair . ling ( call to he ) goldfinger ! just then three soldier outside the doorway with machine gun and shoot a guard . ling yell helplessly to goldfinger in chinese . goldfinger shoot he . ling fall dead to the floor . four soldier run in . goldfinger hurry to they , point to ling . goldfinger he 's one of they ! so 's the girl ! I will get she , you get the door open ! the soldier move forward . goldfinger pick up a machine gun from a fall guard and shoot they all in the back . 133 . they all fall to the floor dead . goldfinger set down the machine gun , pick up he gold revolver and run outside . a explosion go off just beyond the helicopter . in the vault bond struggle to lift the cover of the container . at the door kisch push and knock on it , then turn to oddjob . kisch we be trap . oddjob step back from the lift door and turn to face he . kisch the bomb . I will take the fuse out . kisch run for the lift . oddjob block he and grab he shoulder . kisch do not be a fool ! you can be a hero . I be not . kisch break away and run around the far corner of the walkway . oddjob chase he . in a corridor oddjob catch up to kisch and grab he near a railing . kisch scream . kisch no ! no ! bond look up . oddjob hurl kisch over the railing , send he body somersault down . bond hear the crash of the body on the floor . he look around the corner of the lift . he see oddjob up above look down . then he look down . bond be Pov - kisch' body lie atop bar cover a cage in the floor . zoom in to kisch 's shirt pocket . it bulge slightly from a key inside . 134 . bond look up again at oddjob , who look down at he . then bond grab the trolley and start move it toward kisch 's body . extreme high angle bond move the trolley around the corner of the lift . oddjob four storey above see what he 's do and start to run . series of shot - bond and oddjob - dolly back as bond pull the trolley closer to kisch . he look up . - oddjob run down a flight of stair , reach a landing and round a corner . directly below be bond with the trolley , arrive at the bar to the floor-cage . - bond step onto a bar and reach down for kisch 's pocket . - oddjob round another landing . - bond reach closer to kisch 's pocket . - oddjob stop on the next landing and look at he , then keep run . - bond pull a key from kisch 's pocket . he hear oddjob 's approach footstep and glance up , then pan on he as he jump back to the trolley and put the key in the handcuffs . - extreme wide angle : oddjob reach the last landing . - he take off he bowler hat . - bond look up at he . - oddjob hurl the hat . it whoosh through the air . bond duck and the hat pass just over he head , landing on the bar of the floor-cage . bond look back at oddjob . - oddjob climb over the railing at the landing . - bond turn the key in the handcuffs . - oddjob jump down to the floor and start to run . - bond unlock the handcuffs and dart the other way . 135 . - extreme wide angle : bond run toward a bar cage in the back wall as oddjob run after he . - oddjob stop near the lift and pick up he hat . pan on he as he cross to the other side of the lift and look at bond , who back up almost against the cage . there be a blue mechanize dolly bear gold bar between oddjob and bond . oddjob aim the hat at bond and throw it . - the hat sail high and sever a heavy electrical cable , send down a cascade of spark . - bond look up at the spark as the cable fall . - the cable land on the floor next to the hat , still shoot spark . - bond look up at oddjob . - oddjob straighten himself . - bond grab a gold bar from the dolly and hurl it at he . - the bar bounce harmlessly off oddjob 's chest and fall to the floor . - bond look in surprise , almost admiration , at oddjob , and dart off to the side . - the timer on the bomb go from " 216 " to " 213 . " - pan on oddjob as he approach bond . bond position himself in a stance for a fight . bond jump at oddjob and throw he arm around oddjob 's neck . - closer angle : as bond cling to oddjob 's neck , oddjob pick he up like a doll . - wider angle : oddjob throw he against the wall . - closer angle : bond land on the floor beside a trolley load with gold bar . he find a large wooden staff behind the trolley and pick it up . - wider angle : bond angle the staff at oddjob . oddjob back up . - closer angle : bond lunge at he with it . oddjob dodge from it and the end of the staff hit the wall . oddjob judo - chop right through it , break it in two . bond keep he fist around the smaller half . - oddjob smile at bond. 136 . - bond smashes he in the face with the break staff . oddjob 's head barely turn . - oddjob look back at he grin . - bond try to smash oddjob in the face again . - oddjob grab he arm . - oddjob slam he against the wall . - wider angle : oddjob throw he slide across the floor and move to follow . int . / ext . reception area - series of shot - Korean guard in the entryway fire machine gun at U.S. troops outside . a number of soldier fall . - the guard run back into the reception area . - the soldier run to the entryway and start to fire inside . pan over to show the guard fall . int . vault - same time - series of shot - bond slide on he back along the floor , landing near another mechanize dolly load with gold bar . - wider angle : bond grab a metal lever on the dolly as oddjob watch in f.g . - closer angle : bond pull off the lever . - pan on oddjob as he position himself to face he . - bond approach he , raise the lever , and swing it at he head . oddjob duck , avoid it . bond raise the lever again . oddjob grab he arm and squeeze it and the lever drop . then oddjob grab bond under the arm . - wider angle : oddjob hurl he past the bomb . - bond land against the wall of the lift . - the timer tick down from " 147 " to " 145 . " - oddjob grab bond again and throw he toward the side wall . bond fall . - bond roll over near a cage in the wall then rise . oddjob lunge at he . bond grab oddjob 's arm in a judo hold and thrust he toward the wall . 137 . - closer angle : bond press oddjob 's shoulder against the wall but without effect . oddjob reply with a judo - chop to bond 's lower back . bond gasp and release he grip and oddjob fling he backwards . - bond land against the cage in the side wall , breathless . he sink down against the bar breathe heavily . - oddjob rise and smile at he again . - bond look back exhaust . - oddjob bring down another judo-chop . - his hand strike bond in the side . bond double over . oddjob grab he around the neck and throw he at the back wall . - bond fall and slide toward the hat and smolder cable . - bond come to a stop , the hat right in front of he . bond raise himself onto he elbow and look up . - oddjob approach he . - bond stare back . - the timer tick down from " 127 " to " 125 . " - oddjob stop and gesture to bond to get up . - bond look down at the hat and grab it . - oddjob suddenly look concerned and take a step back . - bond rise with the hat . - pan on oddjob as he stealthily back to the side . - Pov from inside the cage : bond circle in front of oddjob who keep back away . - oddjob back up further toward the cage . - bond move forward with the hat . - oddjob back further away ; the cage bar be now right behind he . - bond hurl the hat at he . - oddjob duck . the hat sail past he and lodge between the bar with a clang . oddjob look back at it . 138 . - bond look at oddjob . - oddjob smile back . - bond keep look at oddjob . [ end of reel 11 . start reel 12 . ] - oddjob turn to get he hat . - bond look down . - wider angle : bond suddenly dive and grab the break cable as oddjob reach for he hat . - oddjob grip the hat . - bond touch the cable to a cage bar . - oddjob scream as spark fly from the hat and there be a sizzling sound . - wider angle : the spark keep fly . oddjob , still hold the hat , fall back against the cage bar as bond keep hold the cable against the bar , electrocute he . - bond rub the cable against the bar . - low angle : oddjob fall forward and land on he chest as bond watch from b.g. - bond look at oddjob 's body then jump to he foot . angle on the bomb bond run to the trolley and look at the timer . it tick down from " 059 " to " 054 . " bond slap the cabinet 's lid and look about he , then down at where kisch lie . int . / ext . reception area - series of shot - in the entryway , american troops continue to fire . - more Korean guard fall dead . the corpse of a Army soldier lie among they . in the vault - same time bond reach into the cage behind kisch 's body and take two gold ingot . he step back to the bomb , put a ingot on atop the lid and bang on its underside . the lid stay lock . bond turn into a different position . 139 . reverse angle bond place a ingot under the lid and hammer on it from below with the other . the timer click down from " 049 " to " 047 . " int . reception area - same time Korean guard in f.g. fire at the entryway . closer angle - the entryway a soldier run past the entryway lobbing a hand grenade inside es other soldier run behind he . the grenade explode in still closer a soldier run in and mount the stair to the control room . angle on korean they fire at he . on the stair the soldier dive into the control room . in the control room the soldier quickly turn dial on the control panel . through the viewer the top row of number stay at " 36104 " while the bottom row change from " 76755 " to " 36104 . " angle on the guard the vault door swing open as the guard keep fire machine gun . it shove one of the guard against a railing . angle on the railing the door crush the guard against it . the vault doorway Korean guard back into the vault fire they machine gun ahead of they . 140 . bond still bang on the ingot look up at the battle . bond be Pov - a catwalk a gunshot drop a Korean guard dead . on the catwalk other Korean guard run down a side walkway . a gunshot sound and one of they fall dead with a scream . bond look up again then down at the counter . it drop from " 039 " to " 036 . " he bang again on the underside of the lid . in the reception area Soldiers fire rifle pass through the entrance to the vault . in the vault Soldiers run inside as guard flee they into b.g. bond bang again on the underside of the lid . he hear more gunfire and look up . low angle - the top gallery a Korean guard clutches he stomach and fall over the railing , somersault four level to the floor . low angle - a landing behind bond as bond pound on the lid again , a guard stop on a landing above he and aim a pistol at he . at a railing a soldier fire a machine gun at the guard . over the soldier' shoulder the guard fall over the railing to the floor , and another guard drop dead on a catwalk behind he . 141 . bond smashes the underside of the lid again . it pop open , the lock break ! bond reach for the lid to raise it and glance at the counter . the counter drop from " 032 " to " 030 . " bond throw back the lid . dolly in on the bomb as he open the inner case to reveal a mechanism with spin wheel and gear . bond - series of shot - dolly in on he as he look down at the contraption , clueless as to what to do . he look at the timer . - the timer drop from " 026 " to " 024 . " - bond keep look down . - bond be Pov - the machinery : pan back and forth across it to show one spin gear after another . - bond look on helplessly . he reach forward . - his hand touch a wire , then a spin disk , try to stop it . - the timer drop from " 019 " to " 017 . " - bond keep look down , then to one side . meanwhile the smoke of rifle - fire burst behind he . - his hand touch a turn wheel . entrance to the vault three soldier run in bear rifle , follow by Felix , johnnie and three uniformed officer . general ( shouting ) come on , fella ! get go ! hurry up ! angle on the bomb bond 's hand try again to stop the mechanism , without success . bond look down frantically . 142 . wide angle - the stair Soldiers and civilian run around a landing and down more stair . bond glance down at the timer . it descend from " 014 " to " 012 . " closer on a landing a scientist wear glass and a hat round the corner , follow by a soldier with a rifle . bond keep look down . his hand try again to stop the gear turn . then he grab some wire . bond 's face register exertion as he try to pull the wire apart . the timer drop from " 010 " to " 009 . " the wire bond 's hand keep pull they , then suddenly another hand reach in and flip a switch at the side of the machinery . the mechanism stop . tilt up to the scientist . he look down at the timer . the timer be stop at " 007 . " bond look over at he . bond what keep you ? the scientist look up at bond . felix track back on Felix as he run up to bond with johnnie and some military officer . 143. felix you okay , James ? where 's you butler friend ? bond look up at Felix . bond oh , he blow a fuse . pan on bond as he walk over to Felix . bond Three more tick and mister goldfinger would have hit the jackpot . the scientist walk up , show Felix the primer and walk off with it . bond do you get he ? felix not yet , but he will not get far . bond and pussy ? felix she help we switch the gas in the canister . by the way , what make she call Washington ? dolly in on bond . bond ( straight - face ) I must have appeal to she maternal instinct . he look at Felix . dissolve to : ext . airfield - day a convoy approach a plane -- a black convertible , a black limousine and a white station wagon . the vehicle stop . Felix get out of the back seat of the convertible , follow by bond . 144 , felix c'mon , James . get aboard . you can not keep the President wait . dolly with they as they walk to the plane . bond special plane . lunch at the white House . how come ? felix the President want to thank you personally . bond ( straighten he cuff ) oh , it be nothing , really . felix I know that , but he do not . bond I suppose I will be able to get a drink here ? they reach the plane . felix I tell the stewardess liquor for three . bond ( look back at he ) who be the other two ? felix oh , there be no other two . bond grin . Felix hold he hand out and they shake hand . bond Goodbye , Felix . felix so long , James . good luck . bond turn to a man in a Army uniform and shake he hand . bond thank you , brigadier . bond walk up the step to the plane . felix good luck . 145 . bond look back . angle on the tarmac Felix , johnnie , the brigadier and other officer wave to he . bond salute they and step into the fuselage . long shot - the tarmac bond 's plane taxi away from the group . dissolve to : ext . sky - flying - day the plane fly through a cloudy sky . letter on the plane say " UNITED states . " int . cabin - day - same time bond , sit in a swivel chair , undoe he seatbelt and look out the window . closer angle bond adjust a overhead air - jet then lean forward again , look out the window . a set of curtain to the cockpit the curtain suddenly part and goldfinger step into the cabin in he military uniform hold he gold revolver . int . hangar - day - same time three crewmen struggle with rope around they arm and leg and gag in they mouth . in the cabin bond swivel around -- and see goldfinger . his expression sink . medium close shot - goldfinger aim he gun at bond . goldfinger I be glad to have you aboard , mister bond . 146 . medium close shot - bond look back at he . bond well , congratulation on you promotion , goldfinger . angle on goldfinger he walk closer to bond . angle on bond bond be you have lunch at the White House , too ? angle on goldfinger goldfinger in two hour , I shall be in Cuba . and you have interfered with my plan for the last time , mister bond . goldfinger cock the trigger . bond look up at he . bond it 's , uh , very dangerous to fire gun in plane . I even have to warn pussy about it . er , by the way , where be she ? goldfinger I will deal with she later . two - shot - bond and goldfinger goldfinger at the moment , she be where she ought to be -- at the control . goldfinger gesture forward with the gun . bond suddenly grab he arm . he swing goldfinger around , grab for the gun . closer angle bond and goldfinger struggle over the gun . angle on bond goldfinger strike bond twice on the neck with the gun . bond grab goldfinger 's arm and push he backwards , then goldfinger turn and fling bond onto one of the seat . 147 . bond punch goldfinger in the jaw . goldfinger fall backwards . bond jump up and hit he in the chest . another angle bond hit goldfinger in the chest again and grab the arm hold the gun . goldfinger fling he arm around bond 's torso . wider angle bond and goldfinger struggle over the gun . it fire . a window in the plane burst . close shot - the control all meter suddenly drop . in the cabin bond hang onto a rail as goldfinger be suck forward . the broken window continue to suck air out . angle on the cabin goldfinger fly head - first toward the open window . reverse angle goldfinger swivel and the suction pull he leg - first toward the window . closer angle the suction pull goldfinger 's leg through the window . pan over to he scream face . bond hang onto the railing , be almost suck out of the plane himself . 148 . angle on the window goldfinger be suck out into space . angle on the cabin bond continue to hang from the rail as everything not tie down be suck out the window . closer angle - bond clutches the rail . ext . plane - day - same time the plane dive toward the ground . in the cockpit pussy pull back uselessly on the stick . insert - AIR pressure gauge it register " 8 " out of " 35 , " then rise a few point . bond fall onto a couch . in the cockpit pussy keep pull back on the stick . in the cabin bond struggle to he foot and start move toward the cockpit . int . hangar - day - same time the three crewmen , still bound and gag , now lie unconscious in f.g. a army officer in the entryway wave outside . Felix and johnnie run in and all three run toward the crewmen . int . cabin - same time bond have almost reach the cockpit . in the cockpit - same time pussy keep pull back on the stick . bond enter . bond pussy ! 149 . she look up at he . pussy what happen ? where 's goldfinger ? bond grab the co-pilot stick and try to steer it . bond play he golden harp . ext . plane - same time it continue to dive . in the cockpit pussy it 's no good ! bond keep try to steady the stick . he look ahead . int . control tower - day - same time half a dozen man look at a scope , include Felix and johnnie . on the scope a glow dot drop from 8,000 to 5,000 foot . ext . plane - same time it keep diving . int . cockpit - same time bond look at pussy . pussy look back helplessly . in the control tower - closer angle the man keep look at the scope . on the scope the dot be at 4000 foot , but now another dot appear , drop to 2,000 foot . ext . plane - same time it dive into the ocean and crash . dissolve to : ext . forest - day a helicopter fly overhead . 150 . in the helicopter - same time Felix sit in the passenger seat look down , the pilot beside he . helicopter's Pov - tree they fly over numerous tree , no sign of bond . in the helicopter Felix look ahead , then in the other direction . ground angle on the helicopter it continue to pass overhead . pussy rise and wave she white jacket at it . closer angle - pussy continue to wave at it . suddenly : bond ( 0.s. ) oh , no , you do not . he grab she ankle . she tumble down into he arm , a parachute behind they . bond this be no time to be rescue . they kiss passionately . bond grab the edge of the parachute and pull it over they . wider angle tilt up from the parachute to the helicopter hover pointlessly above . fade out . fade in : the end title appear , beginning with : the end of " goldfinger " but jame bond will be back in " thunderball " fade out .