" goldeneye " by Michael France 1-94 first draft the gunbarrel open on -- ext . the french countryside - day amongst the mixture of lush vineyard and roll mountain -- a sleek , streamline train bullet past at over two hundred mile a hour . as soon as we take this in , however , the wheel retract like the landing gear of a airplane -- the train be now virtually fly , bound to the track only by a inch-high magnetic field . as its speed increase , we hear -~ station agent ( v.0o . ) Control to Hamilton -- both Paris and bordeaux station report secure -- what be you status ? -- over -- inside the engine car of the train a digital speedometer near the engineer confirm the train be move at two hundred and fifty mile per hour and climb -- next to he be a british agent name hamilton speak into a headset radio . as he speak , a unctuous sommellier bring a cart into the engine car -~ and hand he a cup of tea . hamilton all secure at the engine car -~ the only danger here be this bloody awful tea . seem that we have turn out for a false alarm -- over -- ( we can not hear reply ) -- no -= he get the glamour end of the assignment , as usual . with that , we move to -- the rear observation car on the train which be lavishly furnish -- the people who build this train design it for comfort as well as speed . window everywhere show the breathtaking view of the countryside at this speed . what 's notable here be , despite the speed , there be zero vibration from the travel -- this people might as well be ina room that 's sit still . a proud , pompous french financier finish empty a bottle of champagne into a pyramid of crystal glass , to applause from the three dozen elegantly dress people on board . as waiter pass out glass -- financier it do not feel like three hundred mile a hour , n/est pas ? ( crowd laugh ) now the wheel have retract , and the mlv - 9 be in flight -- the magnetic levitation system will spare we , and we car , the interminable drive from Paris to bordeaux . we reach bordeaux in one hour -~ ( check watch , smile ) -- just in time for the wine auction . ( more ) financier ( cont / d ) ( crowd laugh ) so , a toast -- ( raise glass ) to the maiden voyage of the mlv - 9 -- to you whose back make it possible -- and to many more swift , smooth ride . the wealthy crowd respond by applaud and raise they glass , as we move to the fringe of the crowd -- a hand take a glass of champagne from a tray -- the hand belong to a man apart from the laughter and gaiety -- the man be -- jame bond who stand alone by a window , the world whistling past he . but he be not here to celebrate the unveil of a new train . carefully , he watch the crowd -- if trouble come , who will it come from ? bond 's eye catch -- bond 's pov - the sommellier who we see a moment ago in the engine compartment -- now he 's open a fresh bottle of champagne for the financier . the sommellier pour the financier a fresh glass first -- even though there be several woman nearby with empty glass -- bond' face reveal he have notice this -- but bond 's observation be break by a voice -- the perfect English be lightly honey with a Russian accent -- marina ( 0.s. ) you look concerned about the speed . bond turn to face -- marina varoskaya and the promise of the voice be fulfil . the first glance reveal the hard slavic line of she face , frame by auburn hair -- and the soft , sloping curve of she body , envelop in a black hourglass dress . bond warm to she immediately . this be a woman whose secret he have like to discover . marina you should not worry . every function on this train be computer control . there be no safer way to travel . bond ( amused ) I be glad you be sure of that . marina ( not to boast -- just a statement of fact ) entirely . I work on the train 's design . ( do not recgonize he ) you be one of the investor ? mister -- ? bond bond. James bond . no , I just appreciate a smooth ride -- bond look away for a moment -- bond be Pov - the sommellier leave the front of the car , pull the bottle cart with he . bond would prefer not to , but he break away from marina -- bond Excuse I -- bond follow the sommellier into the next car -- meanwhile -- high above the train - a helicopter roar out from behind one of the mountain -- and begin to track over the train -- and -~ in the front engine room of the train the engineer -- and Hamilton -- lie dead on the floor of the car . worse , as the speedometer digitally track up -~ 301 mph -- 304 mph ~~ 308 mph -~ a 1 attach to the control have a timer tick down -- 04:00 -- 03:59 -- in the passenger car - the sommellier drag he cart through a lavishly design , but empty , passenger car -- the party be back in the observation car -- as the sommellier move through the next door , bond follow to -- the auto ferry car which be stack with the sort of automobile one would associate with the crowd in the rear car -- bmw , mercede , jaguar and so on be stack on two - tiere deck that be on the right and leave side of the car , with a aisle in the middle . the sommellier move ahead -- still pull the cart -- but a voice call out behind he , say something in rapid french -- the sommellier turn to see -- bond who be smile , non-confrontational , stand halfway back in the car . he repeat himself -- but it 's clear the sommellier do not understand what bond say . | 4. blankly , he nod and smile , as if bond say something terribly witty -~- and he turn to move on . bond 's face darken as he take a walther p - 88 -- a 9 mm , fifteen shot cousin of the ppk -- out of he jacket -- bond what I say , monsieur , be that a genuine sommellier would have serve champagne for the lady first -- not for the host -- with that , the sommellier kick the cart back at bond , pull he huge twin-function gun out of it first -- it 's a machine gun on top , a shell - fire shotgun underneath -- -- bond fire at the sommellier , but have to duck out of the way of the hurtle cart -- he dive away onto the hood of one of the car , roll behind it as the sommellier fire a shell straight down the middle -- the door to the passenger section be shredd with the impact of the explosive shell -- -- bond roll on the hood of a lamborghini and behind it , move back between the car and the train 's side , and behind another car -- just in time , too -- a second shell pierce and detonate the lamborghini 's gas tank , the flame shoot out where bond be a second ago and blasting out a window -- in the rear observation car - the crowd be panic -- at the sound of the shot and explosion , and the result shaking of the observation car , champagne fly and the crowd scream , diving for cover -- -- except for marina -- instead of diving down , she run into the next passenger car , toward the turmoil -- in the auto ferry car - bond crouch behind the lower row of car ~~ he can not go forward , because two car be blaze -- the sommellier fire a explosive shell , and bond dive back again as a Ferrari explode in a $ 400,000 fireball right behind he -- -- now bond be cornere between the rear of the compartment , and the last car on this row -- if the sommellier blow this car , bond go with it -- in the passenger car - marina be throw off she foot by the blast -- she 's scared , but she move with determination to the front , where this car join with the ferry car -- there she open a panel that contain a not with the train 's emergency safety feature . she key in a " emergency stop " -- but the system will not -- she frantically key something else -- meanwhile -- in the auto ferry car - the sommellier know he have bond pin -- he fire the machine gun at the . car that 's between he and bond -- the car 's front and rear catch fire -- when the flame join , the car will explode -- close on bond who opt to leave -- he knock out the glass of the train window with the walther and climb out -- on the outside of the train - bond reach for the upper part of the window and pull himself out , the deafening wind tear at he as he do -- at three hundred mile a hour , this be like hang onto the outside of a jet -- bond grip the quarter inch of trim and swing to the rear of the car a instant before -- . -- the explosion of the nearest car blast past bond -- in the auto ferry car ~ the flaming car spread the fire to the upper deck 's line of car -- -- the sommellier , knock by the concussion , lose he gun -- recover , he run to the front of the train -- just as -- in the passenger car - marina terrify at the sound of the nearby blast , desperately key something else into this terminal -- and this one work -- the passenger car 's coupling latch from the rest of the hurtle train -- the steel wheel drop down , grind and sparking , and the disconnect car safely slow down -- the passenger now be safe -- on the end of the train - bond fight the wind that threaten to peel he off the train 's side , but he allow himself a split second to look back at marina , intrigue -- who be this brave , beautiful woman who 's fall behind he ? -- at the door of the slowing passenger car - marina stare at bond too -- but she 's far more doubtful of this cold bastard hang on the side of a burn train -- on top of the train ~ bond climb up -- and crouching low , start to run up toward the front of the train -- but as he do , another of the auto , this one on the upper deck , explode , tearing through the roof -- 6 . -- the force of it throw bond ahead -- he land badly , skidding half off the train -- bond desperately grip the smooth siding of the train -- the design look sleek , but just try . get a handhold on it -- long view of train as it head into a tunnel carve into the mountain , the rear end on fire and pour smoke -- the helicopter move down to track closer with the train -- inside helicopter - cockpit Pov as it stay behind the train , match its speed and follow it into the tunnel -- the pilot be busy with the control , as a gunner ready a winch to pick up the faux sommellier -- close on bond as he stabilize and pull himself firmly onto the roof -- he stand and pull out the walther -- but a chain lash at he hand , knock the gun away -- he spin to face -- -- the sommellier , who be wear a harness so the helicopter can pick he up -- and wield a heavy length of chain -- he swing it at bond again -- inside helicopter - cockpit Pov there 's sufficient room in this tunnel for the copter to hover over the train -- the co-pilot take out a machine gun and prepare to shoot bond -- but the sommellier block a clear shot -- on top of train - bond and sommellier the sommellier slashes at bond with the chain again and again , force bond toward the front of the train -- now they be on the engine car , and there 's nowhere leave for bond to duck back to -- in the auto ferry car another car catch fire and the gas tank explode -- on top of the engine car - bond and sommellier the force of it shake the train enough that the sommellier 's foot be uncertain -- bond take the split second to lunge f£all_and_roll forward -- and both bond and the sommellier ‘oo : do 's n -- front view - of n_as bond bond stop himself , grab a crevice under the train 's windshield -- only he fingertip be hold he -- the sommellier get a better grip on the car 's trim over bond -- he prepare to knock bond off with the chain -- -~- but bo bs _t ! ine er for the ellier 's ves a sh ) chi i d-sw kno the loose of the chain under the train -- -- e chain whip rt ain and catch , dra th 80 ) ier down he rst ernea the train -- bond hang on , wince as the sommellier 's scream be cut short and segues to the sicken SOUND of a body be liquified through the inch high gap between train and track -- front view of bond on hurtling train bond reach up for a two -hande grip on the crevice , and kick at the train 's huge windshield -- the force of each kick threaten to knock he off the train -- we can see , but bond can not , that -- icopter be iving over E top of the in and epi war xo ) -- -- bond kick the windshield again -- finally , it shatter and bond climb in -- just in time to get out of the path of -- -- the helicopter -- its skid mow inch from where bond be as he dive into the engine car , tumble behind the control -- inside the engine car - bond land amidst the body of Hamilton and the engineer -- and he see the timer on the bomb tick -- 00:40 -- 00:39 -- -- bond reach for the bomb to defuse it -- but the engine compartment be riddled with machine gun fire -- the helicopter be fly ahead of the train ~~ the gunner be firing back into the engine compartment -~ inside the engine car ~ bond have to choose between death now , and thirty second from now -- he get into a crouch and run back into -- the adjacent car -- as the fusillade still chase he back , bullet penetrate everywhere through the thin wall of the car -- in the helicopter ~ the pilot and CO - pilot seem pleased -- the helicopter pull up far enough ahead of the train to be beyond the bomb 's effect when it go off -- close on timer of bomb —- 00327 -- 00:26 -- close on bond whose face betray he hopelessness -- but he 's hit by a sudden inspiration -- with new determination he run back to -~ the auto ferry car -- the roof be shred by the explosion , the interior be shroud in black smoke . but the leave half of the deck be untouched by fire -- bond look to the upper row of car -- in the helicopter - the pilot and CO - pilot seem to merely be wait for the explosion -- close on bond 's hand : which be turn a ignition key ~- the steering wheel bear the silver winge aston Martin insignia -- in the helicopter - the CO - pilot look back -- he eye widen and he jaw drop -- front view of train 's roof - bond/ aston martin db7 drive out of a tear in the roof that act as a ramp , on top of the train 's roof , racing toward the nose of the train -- in the helicopter - the CO - pilot come to he sense and aim the machine gun , fire back at the car -- but -- bond drive the car down the nose of the train and onto the track , drive under the line of strafing fire and accelerate enough to stay ahead of the train -- he speed up and drive underneath the copter -~ the car 's roof clang against the copter 's skid , knock the copter up and gout of control -- -- the helicopter slam back , collid with ain ing -- the copter do not explode , it just tangles with the train 's tear engine compartment , the skid and blade dragging against the track to a geyser of SPARKS that slow the train slightly -- just enough to give a ten foot margin to bond who floor the accelerator to get out of the tunnel before the bomb go off or the train run he over or both -- inside the helicopter - the CO - pilot be now upside - down , hang from he seatbelt , wishing he do not have a window seat view of -- the timer of the bomb -- 00:02 -~ 00:01 -- and the train and the helicopter detonate simultaneously -- the force of it create a surging fireball that just lick the exhaust of -- bond 's aston martin bursting out of the tunnel 's end -- the flame right behind he -- and flame debris shoot out all around the car -- inside the aston martin ~ bond 's hand be fly on the steering wheel and the gearshift , try to slow down and not lose control on the track -- as -- on a nearby country road - a_gorgeoqus french woman name aimee be oblivious to the mayhem a few hundred yard away -- she 's too upset by the fact that she peugot have choose this desert , albeit lovely , spot to overheat -- meanwhile -- in the aston martin - bond barely maintain control as the car careen off the track and onto a dirt road , skid in a cloud of dust toward --- the country road - aimee can not believe she eye as the aston Martin finally brake to a halt alongside she car -- she can not believe she luck when bond get out , look more like he 's step off a gq cover than out of a explode train . in short -- she 's interested . aimee thank you so much for stop -- ( anxious ) be you go to bordeaux ? bond not today , apparently -— aimee ( hope dash ) merde -- I shall never make it to the wine auction in time -- ( point to bottle in car ) that 's a petrous ' 61 -- it 's worth at least ten thousand francs -~ now what be I to do with it ? bond consider she problem -- 10 . bond my plan have go off the rail too -- ( in french ) -- would not it be a shame to waste both that bottle and this afternoon ? bond draw the sommellier 's spike out of he pocket . aimee consider it just long enough to smile a answer -- aimee qui . MAIN title ext . severnaya - russian section of arctic circle - day it 's the end of a very long night in this part of the Arctic -- the first dawn in six month be just start to break . situated in the middle of the endless white ice be a deceptively small installation -- and a notably large dish antenna , both paint white for camoflage . the only thing break the silence be the distant whopping of -- a pair of transport size helicopter that even at first glance appear to be of a unusual design . the cockpit be more enclose , like a tank 's , and the metal finish make it appear that the body be a unusual compound as well . the pilot mike he radio -- ( note : bold sentence in dialogue indicate subtitle Russian . ) pilot Atomic Energy Control call severnaya Station -- come in , severnaya Station -- urgent -~ int . severnaya station - at a radio console sit a bored young communications officer who answer the call . as he speak , we note that the inside of the station be larger than it appear outside -- it 's sink into the ice , housing the array of electronic console that control radar monitoring equipment -~ and four Soviet icbm house nearby . near that console , against a wall , we see a tightly seal vault door . we note too that there be a sketeton crew for such a important installation -- perhaps a dozen young man . com officer severnaya Station to aei Control -- what be '' urgent " ? -- over -- pilot ( 0.s. ) aerial scan of area indicate radiation kage from silo.two -- immediate evac ary -- over -- 11 . the com officer cast a look around at the crew and the equipment . no red light . no klaxon . no leak . com officer we instrument show no such leak , aei -- you be mistaken -- over -- as he respond we find we way to -- a young russian technician name victor , who stand suddenly , fearfully , from he monitoring station -- victor ( shout ) house breakdown in silo two ! wider on the room as a status display screen for the silo flash red on the graphic for silo two -- and a klaxon start clanging . the other officer inside decide " severnaya " be a new way to spell " Chernobyl " -- they start run up a metal staircase toward the building 's exit -- on heliopter as they draw nearer to the installation , fly low over the endless field of ice -- pilot evacuate station , severnaya -~ transport be on the way -- in the base - the russian officer frantically get the hell out , some grab codebook , other just tear up the stair -- but the com officer stand , puzzle -- something 's wrong . this be confirm as he look at Victor -- who be notably not rush out of the building . the com officer move over to Victor and confront he angrily in Russian , shove he away from he console -- outside the base - the russian officer run out of the building 's twin exit as if it be on fire , yelling in Russian and wave at the helicopter -- which be now practically upon the building and dip lower . inside the copter - cockpit Pov of the russian we can not see the face of the man inside -- the pilot reach for a button -- but a glove hand signal for he to stop -- , trevelyan ( 0.8 . ) not yet . ( beat ) allow they a final look at the dawn . 12 . inside the base - the com officer hit the keyboard at Victor 's station -- and he suspicion be confirm -- the radiation light go out and the klaxon stop . the " leak " be a fake . Victor get up to attack the com officer -- but he pulis he sidearm and shoot Victor twice -- inside the copter - cockpit Pov of the russian the helicopter be almost upon they -- and inside the cockpit , the glove hand wave -- " now " -~ outside the base - the helicopter e@ on the man with front mount machine gun , cut they down on the ice . some of they run -- but there 's nowhere they can run to -- as the helicopter circle around the building , the Russian officer be cut to ribbon . inside the base - the com officer can hear the gunfire above -- he rush to the nuclear missile control , punch in a code , and throw destruct lever on the console , one by one -- the control for silo one explode in a shower of SPARKS -- he throw another lever exploding the control for silo two -- outside the base - the helicopter land amid the body , they last breath steaming out in the subzero air . as the copter touch down , the last Russian officer alive -- wounded , cursing -- pull he sidearm and rush one copter from the side , firing in a futile last gesture -- but he be cut down by a single shot to the heart from augustus trevelyan who exit the helicopter , he automatic smoking , unaffected by all this death . he be in he 60 -- unmistakably british -- yet just as unmistakably at home in Russia . if he face register any emotion now , it 's probably only a appreciation for the arctic dawn . inside the base - the com officer triggers the blast on the third , then the fourth silo control ~~ and run to the communication console , reach for a red button on the panel -- the lettering be in cyrillic but it 's clearly the " s.0.s. " button . the com officer flip up the plastic protector -- and push the button just as a burst of machine gun FIRE rattles out -- hit the com officer in the chest and finish he . atop the staircase - savatier a mute , remorseless killer with a notably scar throat , lower he machine gun . behind he , trevelyan walk down the metal stair , surveying it all . 13. he be follow down by alexei makvenio -- a scientist who be clearly rattle -- and a half dozen armed man . trevelyan move down to Victor 's body -- and remove a magnetic code key from he pocket . alexei , worried , look at the com officer 's console . alexei he 's send out a alert to . the Russian military -- the air force will have jet here in minute -- trevelyan twelve . ( beat ) the nevsky be the nearest aircraft carrier in the siberian Sea . at top speed they mig will arrive in twelve minute . trevelyan walk to the vault door -- and insert the key . trevelyan which should be just about on time -- correct , alexei ? the vault door open , revealing the '' tempest " control CENTER - a SMALL room fill with electronics -- notably , three monitor , and a cryptography computer about the size of a laptop house in the control center . trevelyan turn to alexei . trevelyan now -~ let 's see if you brainchild work . alexei run to the system and turn it on , hurriedly , efficiently punch in the code -- and -- in outer space - tempest one a satelite that 's be dummy up to look -- and broadcast -- like a simple communication satelite -- get its wakeup call . on receive the go code , the satelite blow off its panel -- stop its broadcast -- and the core machinery that emerge a group of panel into a conical shape . at the tempest computer - the display screen fill with two line : the location of the satelite , in latitude and longitude , and a blank entry for the primary target . alexei ( relieved , excited ) it 's respond -- . trevelyan then enter the target for today . alexei look afraid -- but this be not open to debate -- 14 . trevelyan nine minute , alexei . alexei punch in code -- and a new target parameter of ~ longitude and latitude under the location -- in outer space - the tempest one fire compress gas jet -- and it purposefully steer toward its destination -- in the control room - the tempest laptop screen show this display : location : 80.31.160.17 primary target : 78.08.107.58 but the location of the satelite be change -- and the display track with it , as the number start to match that of the target . ext . siberian sea - aircraft carrier nevsky as predict by trevelyan , a quartet of mig have be scramble -- the last of the four scream in takeoff from the deck and join the formation to jet toward severnaya -- int . severnaya station - tempest control room alexei quickly -- but carefully -- unfasten the switch that hold the Tempest laptop in the docking station . as he remove it , its display still work on battery power : location : 79.12.124.62 primary target : 78.08.107. 15 ~ -- and the location number turn over at a amazing pace -- in outer space - the tempest one silently streak with missile like speed toward the target -- over the arctic ice - the soviet mig blast over the Arctic -- and send out a threateningly tone radio call in Russian -- at the base - the helicopter be board by trevelyan , savatier and alexei -- the insistent call from the mig be repeat -- and unanswer . alexei glance between the radio , and the Tempest computer . as the helicopter take off , alexei 's eye be fix on 15 . the tempest tracking screen -~ the number be lock into place like a slot machine about to hit one hell of a jackpot -- location : 78.08.114.39 primary target : 78.08.107. 15 pilot Pov - the soviet mig tear the sky at top speed -- the base , and the helicopter , be distant dot on the horizon -- the lead airman abandon the radio -- and activate the head - up display of the missile fire system -- inside the helicopter - cockpit Pov show the jet be approach fast . alexei be still unnerve . trevelyan be unnervingly calm . trevelyan ( to pilot ) activate shield . outside the helicopter - the cockpit and every other expose part of the copter be cover with a mechanically lower louvr shield -- of the same finish as the rest of the helicopter . the odd design be start to make sense -- we go -- inside the helicopter which be now seal off -- the pilot be fly on instrument alone -- trevelyan turn to a shake alexei , who 's sweat as if he be in the sahara rather than the Arctic . trevelyan in the moment before the first atomic explosion , oppenheimer be afraid too . ( beat ) he be afraid he have set the atmosphere of the entire world on fire . ( amused ) what be you afraid of at this moment , alexei ? alexei be focus down on -- the screen - the number be practically lock into place -- only second remain -- location : 78.08.107.93 primary target : 78.08.107. 15 wide shot of arctic sky - the mig and the helicopter be clearly on a collision course 16 . inside the lead soviet mig - pilot Pov the pilot lock he missile target system on the helicopter and be about to fire -- tight on tempest computer screen as the final number lock into place -- " location " and " primary target " now have the same number -- in outer space - the tempest one satelite stabilize its position -- point the cone of the shape charge down to Earth -- and explode , in a blindingly bright , yet totally silent , blast -- wide shot over the arctic - the detonation be anything but silent closer to Earth -- and it almost look as if the sky have be set ablaze ~- it 's light up with the sheer force of it , which look , sound and feel like a thousand bolt of lightning -- close on the soviet mig which be strike by the effect of the blast -- they jet stop whirring -- they stop , period -- inside one mig as the pilot push the missile fire button -- all of he electronics short out and totally fail ~~ the head - up system blank , the control will not respond -- at the same time ~~ close on the helicopter the effect of the blast that have crippled the mig have zero on the helicopter -- a blue flash sizzle harmlessly around the helicopter 's shield -- inside the helicopter -- but that 's it -- the electronics inside this aircraft be work just fine -- but elsewhere -- outside the severnaya station - the radar antenna be destroy as the detonation short out the electronic equipment , start electrical fire that engulf the dish -- inside the severnaya station the effect of the blast be totally feel here -- computer spark and explode -- notably empe : room -~ within second the base be fill with fire -- 17 . wider shot on the arctic - the mig and the helicopter the mig , with no operational system at all , drop out of the sky as randomly and soundlessly as toy glider -- and explode into . fireballs , one after another , cartwheel on the ice -- -- as trevelyan 's helicopter peacefully fly over the wreckage . the louvre shield retract -- inside the helicopter - trevelyan look out the window at the burn mig -- and back at the fireball of the severnaya base -- as he take the Tempest computer from alexei and put it in a padded case . alexei 's face be a blend of wonder and horror at what he 's create -- trevelyan congratulation , alexei. ( content smile ) now let 's set the world on fire . wide shot on the arctic as the helicopter fly into the new dawn , leave the wreckage and fire of the Tempest behind then . cuT to : int . chalet ~- paris - morning in a well keep Paris chalet , peter ( 35 ) , a fit , handsome Russian man , be in the open kitchen make two capuccino . we notice here that the chalet be crowded with elaborate computer and electronics -- apparently Peter 's field . it 's also clearly the morning after a very successful night before . billie holliday be on the stereo , and the shower can be hear run in the background -- but the real tipoff that Peter just have a night of spectacular sex be the silly grin freeze on he face . xenia ( 0.s. ) ( from shower , beckone ) peter yes , xenia -- : xenia ( laugh ) I need you to wash my back , please -- Peter , giddy , bring a tray with the cappucino into the bathroom , and rest they on the sink as he take off he bathrobe and get into the shower . Inside the shower -- xenia wait , laugh , wet . she be breathtaking , with the kind of beauty every man want -- the kind every man fear . and she seem to want Peter as much as he want she . 18 . peter ( smug ) : be that all you need , darling ? xenia ( laugh ) perhaps you can wash my front as well -- tight on there face Peter kiss xenia and start to do exactly that for a moment -- but xenia break off the kiss suddenly , teasingly -- . xenia ( smile ) Peter -- you do love I ? he nod and try to get back to business -- but -- xenia ( teasing but insistent ) then say it , please -- peter ( so happy he mean it ) xenia -- I love you -- Peter 's mouth freeze on that final syllable -- totally . his eye go glassy -- tight on xenia 's face whose " lovestruck " smile have turn into something viciously different . concentration . exertion . contempt . another angle - xenia 's hand be press firmly against a pressure point above Peter 's heart -- and she 's hold he tightly against the shower wall . Inside this lovely body be deceptive , deadly strength . on peter 's face . which be totally white -- stunne , surprised , and in agony . xenia be use the pressure point to induce a heart attack . finally , the sop do , xenia drop he -- and as he gasp he last breath on the shower floor , he look up , betrayed -- xenia exit the shower , look down at he , remorseless . xenia but you do not love I well enough -- " darling " . with that , xenia shut the door -- and we -- cuT to : 19 . ext . los angele - near burbank - night in a pour rain , just after rush hour traffic , a gold mercede 560 sl turn off cahuenga and onto mullholland to start the serpentine upward . as she car turn leave -- -- a four wheel drive Ford bronco start its engine and smoothly pull in behind she . inside the mercede - a russian woman in she fifty name sasha drive a little uncertainly on the dark , slick road -- she take 'a pair of eyeglass off of the '' pacifitech " binder on the seat next to she -- as she put they on , we see before she do that the headlight of the bronco behind she be come up way too close , way too fast -- outside the mercede - the bronco slam into the back of the mercede with a frightening crunch , fishtail the rear end near the edge of a curve -- inside the mercede - sasha be terrify and throw forward by the impact -- she accelerate and try to get ahead -- but the road be too wind and too wet for she to really get move -- ~- the car be slam again -- sasha scream this time and try to regain control -- but she have not get a chance -- on the road -- the bronco hang back and get enough room to accelerate and ram the mercede a third deadly time -- with the impact of this blow , the mercede sail off the edge of mulholland at the edge of overlook Park -- -- as it do , the bronco go forward as if nothing happen -- inside the bronco - savatier be the driver -- and he do not even bother to look back at the SOUND of the explosion , or the way the night be briefly light up by the fireball . he just keep drive . cuT to : ext . london ~- a posh restaurant - night wait at the step of a expensive restaurant be a well - dress Russian couple in they 60 , anatoly , and he wife larisa , a little giddy from the wine they have with dinner . they seem to be a older couple that 's still very much in love . a valet bring up they jaguar sedan -- and after step out of the driver 's seat , the valet move to open the door for larisa . with a flourish , anatoly move in to open the door instead -- and larisa get in . 20 . as anatoly walk behind the car to get in the driver 's seat , a odd look flash interrupt he mildly drunken grin for a moment -- but just for a split second -- as -- on the passenger side - the valet 's glove hand smoothly , surreptitiously , slide under the door handle anatoly just touch -~ and remove something -- the jaguar roar off -- leave the valet behind , very , very carefully put the small item in he coat pocket . inside the jaguar - anatoly be start to look a little grey as he drive into the city traffic -- larisa notice this , a little alarmed -- larisa anatoly -- do you want for I to drive ? anatoly shake he head no -- and try to clear he head -- but he hyperventilate and lose control of the car -- the jaguar be now just idling , but totally directionless -- at five mile a hour it pull onto the sidewalk , knock over garbage , scatter the londoner walk there -- inside the car - larisa and anatoly larisa , frantic , try to grab the steering wheel -- anatoly , sweat and beginning seizure -- with he last clear think , press he middle fingertip with he thumb -- close on fingertip - a SMALL pinprick of blood can be see -~ anatoly know he 's finish now -- the last thing he say seem a inarticulate croak -- anatoly -- kaggabe -- anatoly collapse into larisa 's lap as -- the jaguar finally stop with a gentle crash against a lamppost , the engine still purring as passerby run up to the car . CUT to : 21 . ext . london ~ universal export address plate - day Big Ben chime out nine as London traffic take we into -- bond 's office - close on bond 's face as he smile slightly -- he 's look at -- bond the rudest waiter I have ever meet . even by french standard . a computer screen show a high - quality digital photo of the " sommellier " from the train -- a text window appear in the corner identify he , but a woman 's voice read it out for we -- ponsonby ( 0.s. ) emil griffini -- formerly with the Red Brigade as a explosive expert . he 's list here . as inactive , James . on bond and ponsonby bond stand at he desk and eye the screen intently . work the computer keyboard , and wishing bond be as interested in she as in he work , be bond 's secretary , loelia ponsonby ( 20 ) . bond he be certainly active on that train -- pull up he know associate , loelia . several keystroke later , the face of a hawk - nose man appear on screen -- but a intercom on bond 's desk come to life -- m ( 0.s. ) miss ponsonby -- ponsonby yes , sir -- m ( 0.s . ) find 007 -- and tell he he 's require in the conference room -- at once -- the intercom click off -- and bond start for the door -- bond make hard copy of that , loelia . and -- ( a bit too disinterested ) -- contact the consortium that build the train . I want to find out -- ponsonby -- who that woman in you report be ? ( smile ) be that to be a official inquiry , James ? ' 22 . bond ( return the smile ) unofficial , loelia -- we have start a promise conversation -- and I have like the chance to finish it . CUT to : ext . ST . petersburg , russia - CITY STREET - day this street , near one of the many river that crisscross the city , be primarily make up of apartment building . at the curb in front of one of they , a cab pull up -- marina , just back from France , pay the driver and take she two shoulder bag out , head into the building . as she do -- a repair van across the STREET open its door -- a " repairman " , in cap and overall , take he toolbox out of the cab and start across the street -- int . marina 's build - lobby the inside of the building look run down -- the long hallway from the door to the elevator be dark and dingy . marina , frustrated , stab at the elevator button -- it 's not work . resigned to the climb , she take she bag and start for the stair -- but turn at the sound of the door clanging open -— marina 's Pov - the " repairman " be silhoetted against the light of the doorway -- he be clearly take a long barrel pistol out of he toolbox -- marina be surprised -- and frighten -- she run for the stair and cover the first flight in second , even with she bag -- the " repairman " do not even pick up he pace -- he just keep walk through the hall , gun in one hand , toolbox in the other -- marina — running up the stair -- she find the common sense to drop she bag on the second floor as she run up toward the third -- the " repairman " be still just walk slowly through the hallway -- on the third floor - marina be run and try to get out she key -- and to get the right one -- she look down -~ 23 . marina 's Pov - the " repairman " have just reach the lobby , by the elevator -- marina finally get the key , get to she door , and open it -- -- once inside , she slam the door shut , double lock it , and lean against it , gasp for breath -- in the lobby - the " repairman " smile . put the gun back in the toolbox . take out a screwdriver . and adjust the elevator call _ box . in the apartment - marina be still panicked and breathe fast -- she cough . and cough again , harshly . something smell wrong -- she look at -~- close on a gas pipe in the kitchen which be puncture and hissing -- we also see that in the hallway of the third floor - another pipe be loose , hissing out natural gas -- in the lobby - the " repairman " finish he adjustment . reaches in the elevator car . and punch " 3 " before walk back through the hallway -- the ancient elevator whirr upward -- close on top of elevator - a contact charge be on the roof of the elevator car -- when it get to a certain point , it will detonate and set off the gas -- inside the apartment ~ marina be really panicked now -- she can not go out the door -- but know she have to do something , fast -- she cross to a window , grab a chair and smashes the glass -~ as -- the elevator reach the second floor -- and whirr upward -- in the apartment - marina have knock away the glass -- but there be iron bar in the window -- ordinarily this would be for she protection , but now t that 's not the way 's work out -~ she struggle with a rusty , jamme release latch -~ meanwhile -~ 24 . angle down elevator shaft - the elevator be come up fast -- and from this angle we can see the contact detonator be right at the top of the third floor -- at the window - marina desperately bang the latch -- it release at last and the iron bar clang down to fall sixty foot to the alley below -- -~ marina look at the iron bar fall all the way down -- and at the roof of the building across the alley , which be twenty foot below -- and ten foot across -- from this window . marina climb into the window , scared out of she wit -- as -- the elevator arrive at the third floor with a tiny " ding " -- and -- -~ the cont har lete : cir t and es in the hallway ~ the gas in a wi of blu la t fla of : door -- in the window - marina have no choice -~ she jump out as far as she can -- there be no comfort in the derring - do here , this be as terrifying a leap as if you or I be jump from a explode building -- in the apartment - the front door be blasted in by the hallway gas and the entire apartment explode -~- outside the build - the surging flame of the explosion rush just over marina 's head as she awkwardly fall to the roof of the building next door -- -~ the entire third floor of the building blow as -- in the STREET - the " repairman " be in the van , unaware of marina 's escape as he drive off . on the roof of the build - marina brushes off glass and look up at the raging fire that use to be she home . she know there be no reason for she to stop be afraid . she now know she be a target . CUT to : ext . universal export - outside conference room - bond arrive just behind q. q turn to see bond -- barely conceal he distaste -- and turn he back on he . 25 . q ( frosty ) good morning , 007 -- bond ( light the fuse ) be the db7 back up to speed , q? ( explode ) really , 007 -- aston Martin only make one hundred car a year -- you wind up demolosh half of they -- in the conference room the room be a mixture of old and new -- the conference table and high - back chair be classically british and could have come from the nineteenth century . but the array of electronics -- a world map on one wall , and a group of three video / computer monitor against another , be from the twenty - first . bond and q arrive to find m , prepare a pipe and seat at the head of the table . on one side of he be sir jame molony ( 5as ) , consulting neurologist to the secret service -- on another be the minister of defense . m sit down , 007 . ( motion around table ) you know Sir James molony -- we consulting neurologist -- and the Minister of Defense , of course . : ( bond nod ) be you familiar with anatoly razhnov ? bond of course -- a Russian scientist from the Soviet Space weapon Directorate . defected to England recently . I understand he be debrief we on they space progran . m " be " be correct , 007 . he suffer a stroke last night at 21:30 GMT . ( tamp tobacco in pipe ) Sir James ? Sir James molony open up a medical report -- molony razhnov be alive -- if you could call it that . but he 'il never be able to hold a pencil again , much less a briefing on space propulsion system . what 's troubling be that -~ ( eye report ) -- the stroke be artificially induce . bond tense the mood in be one step m nod to q 26 . bond ( do not miss a beat ) neurotoxin ? molony a extremely subtle one . take I four screening to find it . would not have bother look , but the last thin razhnov say -- in fact the last thing he 's ever likely to say -- be -- ( check report ) -- '' kaggabe " . at the Russian phrase -- bond be you certain ? molony I be afraid so . the room take a dark turn -- the Minister , however , behind -- minister ( exasperate ) well ? who be " kaggabe " ? bond ( patiently ) Russian pronunciation of " kgb " , Minister . this type of assassination use to be they specialty . ( turn to m ) but why would the Russians try to kill he now ? m razhnov be about to brief we on a program he work on call " beurya " -- which translate to " Tempest " . all we get out of he be that " Tempest " be a space base offensive weapon -- with the control center in the Russian side of the Arctic . -- who activate -- the computer / video monitor that dominate the end of the room . the far right screen fill with the digital image of the Arctic , take from a satelite -- from this height it look just like a white , blank screen -- m this photo be take via satelite two night ago -- 27 . q zoom the image in on the center screen , clicking a computer mouse - type gadget -- the digital photo lose nothing in detail or clarity as the view drop dramatically through the . black smoke and the raging fire of the Russian base . m -- that 's what 's leave of the Russian icbm base in the arctic. ( contemptuously ) the Russian government claim that a " electrical fire " start in a silo , cause a small explosion . which be -- q ( can not contain himself ) -- po . ( look to m ) if I may ? m nod ~- might as well , there 's no stop he -- q get to he foot and point at the screen -- : q in the highly unlikely event that a electrical fire would spread from the silo , here , to the control center here -- q click the " mouse " -- and the leave screen fill with a digital image , close up , of the plane 's wreckage . q -- no matter how large a explosion be cause , it could not possibly have claim this four Russian mig half a mile to the east . bond stare at the wreckage photo -- notice something -- bond pull that image back a bit , q -- ( q do ) -- that 's a tight wreckage pattern -- that plane be destroy on impact , not in mid-air . something cause they operate system to fail in flight -- like -~ : ( add it up ) -- a electromagnetic pulse . q precisely my thought , 007 . minister ( confuse ) a electro -- what ? 28 . q ( peeve ) do you ever read my memorandum ? ( patiently ) when a nuclear weapon be discharge , it create a powerful electromagnetic pulse that totally and instantaneously destroy all non-shielded circuitry , such as in motor , computer , aircraft -- virtually any electronic device . ( point to photo ) now , the pattern of the destruction indicate that such a pulse may have be create here -- without a nuclear detonation . if the Russians have figure out how to generate such a pulse artificially -- particularly from outer space -- bond -- it would be categorize as a first strike weapon , Minister . minister my God -~ m ( gravely ) and it could be easily direct at any NATO base -- or any major city -- with devastating consequence . ( stand ) we can not be sure if the Russian government be lie to withold this weapon from disarmament talk -- or if some of the old Communist hard - liner be building up to a power grab . the stake be far too high for we to just sit back and watch . ( cross to bond ) you be book on the next flight to Moscow , 007 . find out precisely what this " Tempest " weapon La -- and precisely who have exercise such a sudden interest in it . as m hand bond the mission folder -- and bond break the seal -- we -- cuT to : ext . countryside near moscow - trevelyan 's mansion - night this be unmistakably a home of 19th century Russian royalty -- the grounds and the house be as enormous as they be ornate . 29 , int . the dine room - night the interior and furnishings be equally fit for a czar -- which be clearly how trevelyan view himself . as we move toward the long , long dining room table , we see we have arrive at the end of dinner -- servant be silently clear away the dish . trevelyan be seat at the head of the table -- twelve luxuriously upholster chair run around the rest of it . some of the dinner guest we recognize -- xenia , savatier , alexei -- other we do not . but this be clearly a business gather . a american name jordan be finish he report -- jordan the code be hard to come by -- and even harder to recode -- but we will be ready for fire in two day , Mr. trevelyan . trevelyan excellent . well -- now that we have discuss the future of the Tempest , I want to make sure that its past have be completely sweep away . . ( look to savatier ) savatier ? ( as he get up ) at the same time , I have arrange for a little parlor game -- just to let you know how much I appreciate the superb work you have all do . with that , savatier draw a_ long blade carve knife from a wooden box on the table . trevelyan smile . a perfect host . trevelyan one of the twelve chair you be seat in -- even I be not sure which -~ have a jewell dagger that belong to Nicholas ii sewn into the rear cushion . whoever 's seat in that chair get to keep the dagger -- which be priceless , incidentally . : ( casually ) while we wait to see who 's win -- if you would not mind report you progress -~- savatier step behind xenia , who be not in the least disturb by this " game " -- she hold trevelyan 's gaze as she report -- xenia Software specialist Peter oronov suffer a fatal heart attack in Paris . xenia do not even shiver as the cushion behind she be knife with a rippp of tear fabric -- nothing be there -- so -- savatier move to the next guest -- morley -~ who we recognize as the " valet " -- as he confidently report -- 30 . morley anatoly razhnov suffer a very timely stroke in London -- -- ripppp -- and again , no dagger -- savatier move to -- tyson -- who have the hawk - nose face we see on bond 's computer not too long ago . this gentleman be sweat a bit . tyson the train attack in France mean to eliminate cryptographer marina varoskaya -- fail -- savatier do not stick he knife in the chair . trevelyan 's face be not pleased . but it be otherwise unreadable , a blank . trevelyan -- and why be that ? tyson ( really nervous now ) -- a british agent on board -- James bond -- discover my man before -- trevelyan 's poker face be split by a slight smile . trevelyan -- James bond ? ( interested now ) tell I -- do you man kill he ? tyson ( sure he 's dead now ) -- no --- ripppp -- the chair be cut up -- but tyson , incredibly , be not . nor be the dagger in this cushion -- savatier move on . trevelyan splendid . I want to see bond once more before he die . tyson , who can not believe he 's off the hook , wipe he forehead in as dignify a manner as possible . the next report be from -- -- illya ~-- the " repairman " who attack marina . he seem smug as savatier move behind he . illya on the second attempt -- marina varoskaya be kill in a " accidental " gas explosion in she home . trevelyan lightly shake he head -- " no " -- trevelyan there be no sign of she body in you elaborately arrange " accidental " fire . 31 . this be news to illya . the color drain from he face . trevelyan marina varoskaya be a brilliant woman , who be no doubt use to be spy on by the kgb . you underestimate she . ( quiet , building anger ) she now know she be a target . she have go into hide . that make she a very significant threat to we entire operation . angle behind chair - savatier change he grip on the knife to cut more than fabric -- tg ! in be ss which register pure animal fear -- as the SOUND of the knife plunging through wood , skin and bone finally come -- -- and illya be alive . he turn to he right -- tyson have be stab -- we do not see the knife or the blood , just a very surprised look on he face as he be address by -- trevelyan have you use trustworthy people , my dear old colleague James bond would never have even be on that train . and we would be spare a great deal of trouble . savatier withdraw the knife -- which be hold tyson up in the chair -- and he collapse forward onto the table . illya jump when savatier , with one stroke , rippps the fabric in he chair -- and withdraw the jewell dagger , which he gently hand illya as he walk away . trevelyan smile . trevelyan this be you lucky night after all . turn to ice ) find marina varoskaya . and kil ] she . we must leave nothing to chance . chasten , illya nod -- and we move to a -- wider angle on dine room as we leave , thing return to normal : trevelyan clip the end off a cigar . one servant begin to pour coffee , serve xenia first . another servant bring in a dessert cart . and several other , without revulsion or even apparent notice of anything unusual , carry away tyson 's corpse and chair . curt to : 32 . ext . moscow - day - red square be Moscow 's most spectacular sight -- on one side , the glass of the gum Department store -- on the other , lenin 's tomb at the foot of the kremlin wall . today the vast , cobblestone open space be fill with Russians on they lunch hour -- and watch child ice skate near the kremlin 's many grave be bond who be lighting a cigarette -- and think too much . he turn away from the kremlin wall to look at St. basil 's Cathedral -- romaly ( 0.s. ) St. basil 's Cathedral . but do not stare at it too long , 007 . it 's bad luck . a huge , coarse Russian bear of a man -- Valentin kosygyn ( 60 ) , alias romaly , hove into view , grin , hand thrust out . romaly Valentin kosygyn , Moscow Station . but everyone call I romaly . if ever you call I by the other name , we shall have to - fight . and it would be a disgrace for you to lose to a man as old as I . bond ( smile ) I 'il be careful , romaly . and you should call I James . bond and romaly walk toward the cathedral -- romaly point toward it -- romaly Ivan the terrible tore out the eye of the architect who design it , so he would never again behold anything so beautiful . Russian government have operate on similar logic ever since . ( beat ) you have be to Russia before , James ? a dark cloud pass over bond 's face -- bond ( terse ) once . romaly remember -- and instantly regret he error -- . romaly stakhanya -- I be a old fool , James -- bond ( cut he off ) forget about it , romaly . it be a long time ago . and we have get work to do . 33 . romaly ( shift gear ) yes -- m tell I about you mission . he say the first step be to " deliberately provoke a response from the opposition " . ( beat ) I be remind of when my father teach I to hunt in the mountain . he say the first step be to tether a goat to a shoshka and wait for the tiger to arrive and devour it . bond be amused by the analogy and smile -- bond any idea on where I should be tethere ? romaly tonight we have opportunity . a diplomatic reception at the kremlin Grand Palace -- ( clap hand on bond 's back ) -- let we see what kind of tiger show up to devour you there , eh ? cuUT to : ext . kremlin grand palace - establishing view - night the oldest part of the kremlin be a huge palace build for Nicholas I in the kremlin 's center , the gold and white spire dwarf the older palace and government building around it . tonight , the marble staircase lead to the ground floor be brightly light , with line of limousine discharge stuffy couple in black tie past military guard -- inside the palace - ST . GEORGE 's hall be the most important , and opulent , locale for Moscow 's affair of state . the dome ceiling tower fifty foot over the enormous room -- and tonight the room be pack , shoulder to shoulder , with a international crowd of diplomat . right now , the crowd focus on the podium , which have a banner in cyrillic and English celebrate " peace and friendship " . the american diplomat dron at the microphone be just as subtle -- diplomat I be pleased to be here on such a historic occasion -- as we rivalry blossom into friendship . peace have be achieve -- ( some applause ) -- not through the use of nuclear weapon -- but through the destruction of they -- there be much , much more applause -- the american diplomat shake hand with a Russian on the podium ~-- and we find -- i 34 . bond and romaly romaly be underwhelm by the sentiment -- bond be busy check out the crowd . romaly so they destroy a few of the warhead that have not be sell on black market -- ( beat ) -- last week , we receive a report of a man in yakutsk with a operational warhead store in he live room -- bond be only half - listen to the anecdote -- he 's more interested in what 's catch he eye ~- by a window be general leonid pushkin of the kgb 's counterintelligence Directorate , talk to a pair of Russians who probably have a less dangerous occupation . bond cross through the crowd -- and as pushkin see he come , he excuse himself from he chat and walk toward bond . pushkin so -- James bond -- bond ( they shake hand ) General pushkin -- pushkin steer bond away from some of the crowd , and toward a refreshment table -~- although he 's guardedly friendly , he 's clearly very suspicious of bond 's presence . pushkin it be always a pleasure to see you under peaceful condition -- . ( wary ) -~- if that be what they be . what can I do for you , bond ? pushkin take a knife and stop in front of two silver jar of caviar -- apparently he can not decide which to try -- bond just answer one question , General -- ( beat ) ~- do you initial a termination warrant for anatoly razhnov ? pushkin freeze between the silver jar , astonished at the question -- bond remain cool -~ 35 . bond ( indicate jar helpfully ) - the royal beluga be superior , General , fresh from the astrakhan coast . the other one I would not feed to a koshka . pushkin snap out of it and smear some of the better one on a cracker -- and be a little steam now -- pushkin we do not kill defector , bond ~-- particularly not now -- bond well , someone do -- someone with access to kgb toxin . ( beat ) and it happen less than a day after that nasty bit of weather you have in the Arctic . what 's the Russian word for it ? beurya ? pushkin stop in he track -- he face ice over completely . pushkin ( evenly ) I be very pleased that tension between we country have ease to the point that we can have a conversation inside the wall of the kremlin . ( beat ) but I must warn you that if you pursue this conversation any further , 007 , it will be finish inside the wall of the lubyanka . pushkin stalk away from the table . bond casually sample the better caviar and walk away -- -- revealing that xenia be a few foot away -- and she hear this exchange . elsewhere in ST . GEORGE 's hall - pushkin walk up to a young kgb agent who 's chat with a woman ~-- pushkin ( control anger ) please see that James bond be escort to he car -- immediately -- meanwhile -- ext . a outer part of the palace ~- bond walk through one of the outer bridge that link the Grand Palace to the surround palace -~ the crowd be sparser here . bond walk past a window , he attention be draw toward a outer balcony -- he icy demeanor shattered for a moment -- 36 . bond 's Pov - trevelyan be stand by a railing . he turn and see bond — - and abruptly end the conversation he be engage in , smile invitingly . trevelyan well -- James bond . bond walk toward trevelyan , regain he aplomb as he do . two thing be crystal clear . one be that bond want to kill this man very much . the other be that it 's take all he self - discipline to avoid attempt it here . trevelyan , on the other hand , wear the smirk armor of a man who feel he 's already decisively vanquish he opponent . bond augustus trevelyan -- trevelyan ( indicate reception ) I / will miss this particular struggle -- will not you , James ? as Frederick the great once say -- " diplomacy without armament be like music without : instrument . " ( point to kremlin wall ) now that it 's over , I can tell you -- part of my charade be that I be bury right over there -- three plot down from khrushchev . seem childish now . ( offer he hand ) you be surprised to find I still alive , I suppose ? . bond more than that -- I be delighted . ( do not take hand ) it 's always be a great disappointment to I that I be not able to kill you personally . trevleyan laugh genuinely , as if this be a bon mot instead of the very real threat it be . he withdraw he hand . trevelyan do not be ridiculous , bond . it be a schoolboy 's game that we play a long time ago . two empire , battle to change the world . the battle be over --. ( gesture around ) -- and it seem to I that the world have not change so much for it . now , man like you and I look for new game . that be all . bond ( with quiet contempt ) be that how you live with betrayal and murder , trevelyan ? by call it a game ? 37 . now trevelyan seem genuinely disappointed in bond . trevelyan that question be beneath both of we , James . I might as well ask you if the vodka martinis ever completely still the voice of all the man you have kill . ( still conversational ) or if you ever find forgiveness , in the arm of all that woman , for the one that you fail to protect . ( dismiss he ) my conscience be clean , James . your , I think , be rather crowded . bond 's fury be silent -- control -~ but unmistakable -- bond certainly there 's room for one more -- trevelyan ( ice ) please , James , no embarrassing bravado , no vow to kill I -~ you have you opportunity some time ago . ( state a certainty ) you will not get another . other reception guest begin to notice this confrontation -- but before it can escalate -- -- the kgb agent , with a pair of burly security man stuff into bad tux , show up behind bond . kgb agent Mr. bond ~- you car be wait . ( bond do not move ) Mr. bond -- you car . a very agitate romaly show up and take bond away -- and we -- cuT to : ext . arched gate of kremlin - night a limousine pull out of the gate , pass a pair of guard -- inside the limo - bond and romaly be both tense -- albeit for different reason -- romaly you be suppose to draw out the tiger , James -- not jump -start the cold War back into existance -- bond take out a cigarette -- 38 . bond I think trevelyan be dead . romaly you be mean to . the kgb fake he death after he defection so he could run the active measure directorate in secret . bond ( light cigarette ) '' active measure " -- the kgb euphemism for assassination -- romaly trevelyan have plan or approve every kgb murder for year -- but he retire eight month ago . the government grant he honorary diplomatic status . bond ( a very dark laugh ) diplomatic status -- for that bastard -- romaly the Russians do not like he either , James . but the only time he enemy in government seem to surface be when the ice break on moskva River in spring . in front of the metropol HOTEL - the limo stop -- the rear door open and bond get out . romaly lean out -- romaly some advice , my friend -- put trevelyan out of you mind . find some form of amusement -~- ( smile ) -- and try not to provoke any more of the opposition -- at least until tomorrow morning . romaly shut the door and the limousine roar off as bond -- who be clearly still agitate -- turn toward the metropol . cuut to : int . steam bath - central pool - night - close on bond as he thrashes through the water , try to swim off the tension -- and we see -- the central room of the metropol 's steam bath which be not the tiny , tile closet westerner be use to -- this steam bath be a Olympic size pool , surround by marble column and , by the wall , individual steam room . the central room be completely fogge in with steam . 39 . the only illumination be moonlight come in through the huge skylight over the pool , and bond be apparently alone . but as he swim -- : someone else 's Pov move through the steam and the darkness , silently -- in the water - bond swim vigorously -- he do not know he have company -- someone else 's Pov move past the column one by one , toward the opposite end of the pool and the individual steam room -~- in the water - bond reach the same end of the pool -- if anything , he 's more wound up than before -- as he start to get out at the pool 's end , he look to the side -- bond 's Pov - the steam behind the column have be stir by the backdraft of someone walk -- bond get out of the pool in a single motion , as if he 's see nothing -- he walk casually toward a steam room -- but when he reach one column -- -- bond abruptly grab someone 's arm in the darkness , apply a leverage hold and throws whoever 's there into a individual steam room -~ there 's the slam of someone 's body hit the room 's far wall -- -- and bond have not even break he stride , as he pluck he walther from under a bathrobe on a bench -- and step into the smaller steam room , gun in position -- but bond halt in he track at the door -- surprised -- he look at a towel , lie in a heap in the doorway -- and at -- the opposite side of the room - xenia have land on the wooden , cushion seat of the steam room . she be illuminate only by the coal of the room 's stove , and some light reflect in from the pool . just enough to ascertain , through the steam , that she body be as flawless as it be naked . xenia good evening , Mr. bond . xenia be smile comfortably -- as if she nudity make bond , not she , the vulnerable one . it 's clear from xenia 's almost mock attitude that she 's accustom to use she body to intimidate man . even the fact that she 's be throw into the room do not matter . to she -- this be foreplay . : j 40 . bond move into the room -- and instead of hand she the towel , he drape it around he shoulder , smile . he do not have the gun point at she anymore -- it casually dangle from he hand as he sit down opposite she . bond well -- the face be familiar . and the rest be exquisite . ( refer to towel ) generally I do not undress a woman until after meeting she -- xenia my name be xenia labyakova . I understand you be ask question about razhnov -~ and Tempest . ( beat ) I come to give you a few answer . bond thank you for be so forthcoming -- ( beat ) -- but the name 's familiar too , xenia . you work for the active measure directorate . ( casually ) thoughtless of you superior to send you up here to kill I -- unarm . xenia get up with a small laugh ~- and cross to bond , slowly -- she want he to get a good look . bond let she -- the walther still casually hang from he hand -- xenia really , James -- can I call you James ? -- if I / a want to kill you -- I would not need one of this -- xenia 's face be now inch from bond 's -- one hand dip out of view -- xenia 's hand gently take the walther out of bond 's grasp -- close on bond and xenia - bond be as unshaken as he appear -- he eye never leave xenia 's , nor do he smile drop ~-- after a long second we hear the light rap of the gun be place on the wooden bench -~- xenia -- there be way I can kill you -- right here -- right now -- -- xenia 's hand come back up -- and both she hand find they way to bond 's chest , caress he there <- right over he heart -- as if she be pick the right spot -- 41 . bond I know Russian training be not very good -- bond reach up and gently take she hand off he chest -- the better to grab she back and draw she closer -- bond -- I can think of nine , at least . bond draw she closer still , into a ferocious kiss -~ we -- dissolve to : int . bond 's metropol suite ~ night - a tracking shot show clothing be strewn all over the Russian antique ~~ as we move in we hear , but do not see , bond and xenia , they breath quickened a bit -- this be either before , or after , sex -- xenia ( 0.s. ) there be rumor all over about Tempest -- that the government want to erase all trace of it -- ( impatient ) -~ now ? bond ( 0.s . ) ( cool , but he want it too ) -- not yet -- be it because of disarmament ? -- we pass the large bed -- bond and xenia be not in it , but the sheet make this look like the violent ward instead of a luxury hotel -- xenia ( 0.8 . ) yes -- NATO do not know about the weapon -- so it be to be keep in reserve -- in case peace do not work out -- ( breathless ) -- James , please -- I can not wait -- bond ( 0.s. ) ( firm ) you will have to -- at a large picture window we can see it 's lightly snow and cold as hell -- but we see it 's a lot warmer in than out as we move up the body of bond and xenia - intertwined and balanced on a day build for one , dew with post- coital perspiration . bond check , and replace , a_ bottle of dom perignon in the ice bucket -- the subject of the other conversation . xenia 's head collapse on bond 's chest in exhaustion . 42 . bond -- this have a half hour leave , minimum . ( beat ) what do you know about the weapon ? xenia nothing -- but the Tempest file be store there -- she point out the window -- the view of central Moscow include a ominous , bond 's face grey complex -- xenia -- in the central part of lubyanka . the kgb headquarters . ( beat ) perhaps you could get to they ? show this be what he 's be wait for : the other shoe have drop -- he play along -- bond not a chance . the security 's far too tight . the entrance be triple - door -- there 's electronic surveillance on the roof <-- xenia still -- there be a way in . the outer complex be two building , build at two seperate time -- the first be north and east , build after Revolution -- xenia trace a " L " shape with a fingernail on bond 's chest -- xenia the second be build in stalin 's time -- to join here -- ( trace another " L " ) -- but construction job be -- how do you say in English -- uzazhny -- bond in English , we say : " the foreman be hang over " -- xenia correct -- the building do not quite join -- so a crawlspace at the bottom go up three level and be block off -- ( punctuate with nail ) -- here . bond you 'il show I how to get to that ? xenia yes -- but first -- 43 . xenia shift slightly over bond -- xenia since we have half hour , minimum -- you must kill I at least one more way -- bond oblige -- as we -- cur to : ext . lubyanka STREET - kgb _headquarters / lubyanka - day the grey , nameless kgb compound be situate on a busy Moscow street -- the only clue to its identity be a glimpse of the armed , olive - uniform guard behind the smoke glass . bond -- who be wear a roomy , rugge jacket that fit in with the winter wear of the muscovite around he -- walk past the lubyanka , and cross the street just before a electric public streetcar clang past . bond pass the nearby " World of Children " store , turn a corner under a pair of uniform traffic sentries in a elevate booth -- -- at the corner , he enter the glass door of -- the metro station - bond fight the flow of pedestrian traffic to the down escalator -~- on the escalator , bond casually open a note -- the note be palm -size -- there be a diagram on each side -- bond reach the bottom of the escalator and , blend with the crowd , move toward a door in the station 's rear -- he open it and slip inside , unnotice -- meanwhile -- ext . lubyanka STREET - xenia walk to the end of the block and get inside a wait limo -- the door be open by -- trevelyan wait in the back seat , expectantly but confidently -- trevelyan any surprise ? xenia ( smile , get in ) nine of they . ( beat ) otherwise , everything go as plan . 44 , trevelyan ( shut door ) as I tell you -- ( as limo drive off ) -- there be two thing James bond can not resist -- a beautiful woman -- and a obvious trap . ( smile ) he be always willing to try to get into the former -- and out of the latter . on the metro track - bond emerge from a maintenance corridor onto the track itself , a hundred yard away from the platform . bond quickly cross the track -- glance at the diagram -- and as the light and bell of a train approach , bond kick in another door -~ and step through it just as the train thunder by -~- meanwhile -- in trevelyan 's limousine - trevelyan be extremely pleased with himself -- trevelyan you give he the direction in a note ? ( she nod ) the british will now be certain that the Russians be behind the assassination -- we cut back to -- bond - in a crawlspace bond finish make he way to -- a_narrow upward shaft that cut between the kgb building at the misalign juncture of " building 1 " and " building 2 " . the floor of the shaft be cover with debris -- bond lightly kick away a wander rat and shine a penlight up through the total darkness . the shaft look like the botch construction job it be -- there be loose beam near the top , and the door that be suppose to join be hopelessly misalign . the whole thing go up about fifty foot -- but it 's only four foot across -- -- so bond grip the first loose beam on a floor division -- and start climb up -- as -- in trevelyan 's limousine - trevelyan trevelyan -- just as the Russians will be certain that the british be try to steal they technology when they find you diagram on bond. 45 . xenia suppose bond be as skilled with the latter -- as he be with the former ? trevelyan 's grin grow wider -- as -~ in the shaft - bond have quickly make he way up , nearly to the top of the space -- straddle the beam that line the side , he 's about forty foot from the bottom . there be metal door -- one on each side of the shaft -- but they be weld shut . now the only decision to make be which side to enter . bond take out what appear to be a electronic " dayplanner " -- but when he flip it open and hit the small keyboard , a variety of function come up on the menu . bond choose " thermal scan " and hold the screen against the seal leave door -- inside the hallway of build 1 - kgb office worker move in and out of doorway -- on the screen of the " dayplanner " - th le} ic GE reveal the worker there -- in the shaft - bond turn to the other side and press the dayplanner against that door -- there be no thermal image here -- on the other side of the door in build 2 - a storage room house a variety of office junk -- in the shaft - bond pocket the dayplanner -- and take out a feel - tip pen -- he start to trace a line in the metal -- as he do , the trail of the acidic " ink " sizzle and crack through the metal -- trevelyan ( v.o. ) six year ago , we catch the chinese try to get into that shaft with some listen equipment -- in trevelyan 's limo - trevelyan trevelyan -- and I convinced the Internal Security directorate to leave the access to the shaft open . ( beat ) with a little pest control install . in the shaft - bond chemically carve he way through the door -- he 's halfway through -- as -- 46 . bond 's foot on the beam triggers a pressure sensor -- and there be the SOUND of a engine start , cranking up something from the floor -- bond know this can not be good news -- he flash the light down -- at the shaft 's bottom - ple sc with dimension that match the shaft -- there 's maybe a inch clearance on each side -- slowly move upward -- as it do -- twin nozzle hide among the floor 's junk spray a yellow gas into the cylinder , keep pace with the cylinder 's rise -- -- catch , the rat squeal in agony , not understanding why it can not go through the clear plexiglass as it die -- close on bond who understand far too well as the squeal abruptly end -- in trevelyan 's limo - trevelyan serenely contemplate what 's happen now -- trevelyan it 's a deriviative of serin . ( as if yonder ing wt what the sensation be like when it make contact with the skin -- the nervous system tear itself apart . every time I have see it use , it take about four minute . ( beat ) a very , very long four minute . back in the shaft - bond shine the penlight up over he -- at the top of the shaft , there be a now-obvious groove where the cylinder seal -- definitely not a way out -- view down shaft - er_ bond . id_ ap ! ing der the cylinder -- and pump gas -- be halfway up -- bond go back to work on the door with the acid-pen -- the " door " still need one side finish , and the acid sizzle at what now seem a glacial speed -- finally -- -- bond complete trace the " door " -- he brace he foot against the beam and shove -- -- and nothing happen --~ it do not open -~ bond desperately throws himself against the door -- again to no effect -- 47 . inside the supply room - two huge filing cabinet ock 's ance -- there be a mountain of other junk jamme against that -- we can just hear the SOUND of bond desperately slamming against the door -~ but it 's not move , not even a centimenter -- however -- the cylinder be still move up at a steady pace -- the nerve gas swirl around it , just below the lip of the cylinder -- angle on bond from top of shaft the cylinder be now ten foot below bond -- truly desperate now , bond lea to to} the 's to rab : ott top beam -- bo swin ' rom ~- a -- ~- the beam break too se -- clutching it , bond fall twenty foot toward the cylinder -- t_t ! of cy ! = ' ss land uncertainly on the edge -- the swirli in ben he -- but -- bond get he foot -- and its one end of 2 ber inst ed th sin inde n diagonall . ainst the cut do ~- the cylinder 's upward motion start to shove the door open -- inside the storage room - the filing cabinet start to move -- slowly , almost imperceptibly -- in the shaft - bond throws he own weight against the beam and the door as the cylinder push up -~ the cylinder 's engine groans with this new strain -- the cylinder 's edge notably slow its progress up -- which do bond more harm than good , because the gas be still swirl up on its own -- it ! ow . os : ed eet -- finally --- in the supply room - the filing cabinet move further -- scraping a few inch across the floor , block by the other junk -- in the shaft - bond push the door OPEN and widen the crack another inch -- just enough to squeeze through -- bond s_ thry . tht rac ! 48 . the supply room - bond just get he foot out as the gas and cylinder rise past in the shaft ~- the loose beam tumbling down into the cylinder -- bond shove he way past the junk and lean against the wall , shake . he take a deep breath of the dusty air in the supply room . the easy part be over . bond take off he outer jacket -- revealing he 's wear a immaculate black jacket and tie underneath . look more like a high-ranking kgb official than a spy crawl out of a hole , bond head for the door . int . lubyanka internal security room - day several russian technician monitor the security console for the lubyanka compound -- at least a dozen television monitor crowd the console , along with radio , telephone , and a central computer schematic of the entire compound . there 's also a flash red light -- as a technician pick up a phone -- -- we notice one monitor which , unlike the other , have a fast move rather than stationary point of view , control by a technician who 's work a joystick -- we follow that Pov to -- int / ext . lubyanka courtyard - day - a mini -helicopter that 's about four foot across take we through , and high above , the spacious compound area -- it 's equip with a eternally pan surveillance camera -- and a pair of machine gun mount under each skid . lower in the compound - bond have emerge from the building and move into the courtyard , try to blend in with a crowd of Russians go into work -~ they generally look like any other crowd of people head into a huge office , make for a pretty surreal sight as no one take notice of the surveillance helicopter -~ to they , it 's routine . bond be at first astonished by the mini-helicopter -- but force himself not to look up at it as he head across the courtyard -- he look back at -- the entrance to the lubyanka compound as the door swing open -- move past the third door and come into the courtyard be xenia -- bond opt not to confront she -- in he position , the least it would earn he be a jail cell . maybe a bullet . he move toward -- 49 . the tower which be build at the end of the courtyard and nestle inside the rear corner of one of the outer compound building . in contrast to the outer compound -- which be a pair of building that be between fifty and seventy year old -~ the tower be clearly a new , high - tech building . it 's nine storey high -- and electronic dish ring its roof . several cover corridor bridge the small gap between the tower and the older building it be nearest to . bond reach the tower 's entrance -- and walk -- inside the tower 's lobby which be a huge lair of black marble -- there be a central elevator , a pair of staircase on either side , and enough foot traffic to make this look like a major office building first thing in the morning . bond walk across toward the elevator -- it touch down in the lobby -- -- and pushkin exit , angrily give a aide some command in russian -- the aide hurry to carry they out -- -- bond pivot as inconspicuously as possible toward the stair -- he briskly walk up past a large window -- where the helicopter hover -- its camera seem to track bond as he move up -- meanwhile -- in the courtyard ~ xenia walk toward the tower , but be intercept by a young kgb agent who 's obviously anxious to make point with xenia . ( again : bold sentence in dialogue indicate subtitle Russian . ) kgb agent xenia -- Internal security 's report there 's a intruder catch in the west trap <-- ( smile ) -- want to have a look ? xenia it 's so gruesome -- ( consider , smile ) -- well -- all right . as the agent lead xenia off -- in the tower - bond be at the top level -- and eying he next problem -- bond nos Pov - a armore glass double -door cage be the entrance he have to get past -- the first door be operate by a magnetic key card with a slot at waist level . the second be open by a desk attendant with a full view of the cage , who be laughing he way through a telephone conversation . 50 . bond walk up as nonchalantly as possible -- and take out the gayplanner -- -- when he reach the door , bond | fess he _di ner inst lot -- card -- it run keycode combination possibility , findin the right one in three second -- ~~ the door open -- and bond step into -- the plexiglass trap as the door seal shut behind he . the attendant , still on the phone , have not notice bond ~- so bond make himself notice -- bond ( kick | door , angry ) octri sah ! the attendant be startle by the kick -- and bond 's tone -- he rapidly hit the buzzer that open the door . bond stalk to the desk , as imperious and furious as a kgb general , yank the phone from the attendant 's hand and forcibly hang it up . bond ( in he face ) razbudeet urkhny ! the attendant try to look apologetic as bond walk away -- as soon as bond be out of view -- attendant ( mutter to himself ) 's -- bond move into a corridor that 's long and seal -- at the end of this stretch , bond arrive at -- the lubyanka 's file room which be as dark , dusty and enormous -- it be jam - pack with the most important information the kgb keep on file . the room be tri-levelled -- each level provide its own labyrinth of shelf pack with binder . the floor be build out of cheap , translucent lucite -- it 's possible to see the shape of office worker walk around the level above . there be some fragile look stair -- and a central cage elevator . bond' face look daunt . break in be one thing . find the right file here be clearly go to be something else . meanwhile -- 51 . elsewhere in the compound - xenia stand next to the kgb agent , wait , smile expectantly -> the agent think she 's start to like he -- kgb agent the gas be completely pump out now -- with . a buzz , we hear a door start to slide open -- xenia 's Pov - on the sliding door as it open in front of four internal security guard , crouch in fire position -- we see bottom le of + haf escape from . there be no trace of the yellow gas -- and the cylinder lower completely into the ground -- -~ revealing nothing at the bottom but the break beam . on xenia and the kgb agent who be both disappointed -- in different degree -- kgb agent just a false alarm -- that beam must have set it off . xenia quickly stalk out -- leave behind the agent -- as -- in the lubyanka file room - on the third level bond be point down a tall , claustrophobic corridor of file by a young female file clerk -- as bond walk away from she -- bond as . she shyly hand he a note -- obviously with she number on it -- and go back to work , push a cart with fiv e box balanced precariously on it . bond go to work on the shelf , which be fill with binder . find the right one , bond pull it down -- but it 's too light . he open it -- -- the binder be empty . bond 's thumb riffle the inside ~- the page have be razore out . bond replace the useless binder -- but try another on the shelf . this one have page of personnel sie : for the space directorate . one page have a photo , and information , on razhnov . bond quietly clear a area on the shelf -- and take out the dayplanner again . this time a cover on the bottom open , revealing a rectangular camera lens . bond use the keyboard to zero in on the page ~-- and the computer 's screen to focus -- as -+ | 52 . in another level ~- the female file clerk we see a moment ago wheel the very heavily laden cart down a hallway and into the spacious office of -- pushkin who be seat at a desk -- the clerk bring the cart up -- file clerk as you request , General -- pushkin get up -- and take the lid off one of the box -- file clerk -- the complete dossier on british agent James bond . atop the open box , staple to a file , be a very clear eight by ten photo of bond -- the file clerk glance down at it , she eye widening with recognition -- as ~- at the plexiglass trap - xenia burst through the second door -- the attendant be excited and afraid as he hang up the phone -- attendant there be a intruder in the file room -- xenia ( intense ) send for internal security -- xenia take a gigantic automatic pistol out of she bag without break stride -- most man could not hold this with two hand but she easily grip it with one -- she chamber a round with a distinct click as she head toward the file room -- meanwhile -- in the file room - bond be turn page and recording information as quickly as possible -- we see the face of the scientist who have be assassinate fly by -- until bond reach the page with -- -- marina 's hot. ssie : orm . bond react to this -- but there 's no time to reflect on it . he shut the binder and replace it -- and as bond hit a key on the dayplanner , we see the phrase " encryption commencing " flash on screen -- the image of marina 's dossier , and presumably everything else bond have record , turn to a sea of computer gibberish bond quickly move toward the elevator -~ when he get there -~ 53 . in the elevator - xenia be come up -- she see bond -- and start firing up through the cage -- she 's almost to the top and can fire between the bar of the cage -- bond run as the bullet impact around he , kick up dust -- instead of head away from the elevator he run past the front of it -- -- and rip open the top cage gate as he run past , break the electrical circuit -- the elevator stop -- xenia , who be momentarily trap , fire the rest of the clip in vain as bond run out of range -- but below he -- bond 's Pov ~ the internal security guard be run into the main entrance of the file room -- the commander look up _and see bond -- bond run back along the top corridor -- stop by a window -~ and take out the dayplanner -- the screen read , " encryption complete " . bond pull up a " transmit " menu and choose " station moscow " from a long list -- as it 's activate -- in the internal security control room - a light start to flash on the computer schematic of the building -- technician he 's try to transmit out of the compound -- technician # 2 60 -- use it to track he -- the second technician , work the helicopter joystick , fly it_up and do exactly that -- bond stand by the window -~ the screen on the dayplanner be flash " transmitting " -- as -- - smok : ass window he 's ' ront 8 sha 's from the mini-helicopter , hover there -- ~~ bond dive away from the fly glass and bullet -- and ind w_of bi s_s ig PA ehi he as he go -- in the level beneath bond - the internal security guard see the shape of bond move above through the translucent floor -- the commander run to track with he , yelling for he man to follow he -- 54 . close on bond who 's run like hell through the file corridor -- look for a way out -- as he move we see -- outside the build ~ the mini -helicopter be in he same direct -- in the internal security compound - the technician be use the transmission signal to guide the helicopter , as gleeful as if this be a video game -~- on the schematic of the building , a flash red light be move -- close on bond run through the labyrinthine stack -- he 's come up on a cul - de - sac -- in the internal security control room - a technician watch as the red light move toward the end -~ technician ( into radio ) he 's cornere as soon as he reach the end of that hallway -- in the file room 's lower level - the commander be run under bond 's move shape -- and motion he man to run ahead and take position under the ceiling to fire up ~- outside the build - the mini -helicopter move ahead too ~~ there 's a window at this position -- so it hover there -- the camera and machine gun pivot around in preparation to fire -- in the file room 's lower level - the internal security guard get into fire position -- and the shape above they abruptly -- and all of they OPEN FIRE with a devastating four- way fusillade through the ceiling that continue as -- outside the window - the mini -helicopter also blaze machine gun fire through the window -- but -- the mini-helicopter 's camera zoom through the shattered window -- in internal security compound - monitor Pov the " shape " the guard be chase be a file cart -- which have bond 's dayplanner open on it -- as bullet from below fly everywhere , knock cloud of dust off the shelf and file , we hear a small beep under the deafen gunshot -- 55 . -- the monitor Pov zoom in close enough to read the dayplanner 's screen as the command read " transmission complete " -- and be replace by " self destruction " -- -- '' initiated " —- outside the build - the explosion take out a entire corner of this floor of the lubyanka compound -- the blast sear the helicopter , knock it back and out of control -- just as -- in the lower level - the internal security guard scatter as the roof fall in and a cascade of flame binder and shelving collapse on they -- meanwhile -- bond be at the opposite end of the chaos , where the helicopter first shot out a window ~-- obviously , he double back after put the dayplanner on the cart . bond move to the window 's narrow ledge -- and ' jump above -- in the internal security control room - a technician be look desperately at the monitor and sensor -- technician where be he ? the other technician tap he on the shoulder -- and point out the window , for a excellent view of bond climb onto the roof -- on the roof of the build - bond sprint across to get to the front of the compound -- as -- guard on the opposite corner of the roof spot bond -~ and start fire at he -- ~~ but as bond keep run , he go past a array of cat enn . a shi -- the bullet tear they to piece as they momentarily shield bond -~ -~ bond reach the end of the line -- and -- at the roof 's edge - bond stop and look down -- bond 's Pov - " world of child " be across the street -- there 's a rat trap screen , three storey up , that run the length of the building -- it might be able to hold he -- 56 . bond guess the odd of survive a jump that 's twenty foot across and sixty foot down , into a very uncertain net -- behind he -- the internal security guard be bolster as several more show up through a roof entrance , lead by the commander -- all point they weapon at bond -- bond turn -- there 's no other way -- he prepare to jump -- but -- -- the mini-helicopter rise over the roof 's ledge -- it 's carbonize from the explosion , but still extremely operational -- the camera , and the twin machine gun , track toward bond as it rise up -- bond look back to the other end of the roof - xenia emerge behind the internal security guard -- and pull out she automatic -- xenia shoot to kill -- ( commander hesitates ) to kill , commander -- the commander give the order -- the man FIRE across the roof at bond -- bond leap from the ledge directly up toward the skid of the mini-helicopter -- which also fire at bond , but he 's below the line of fire -- -- bond grab the skid of the helicopter and hang on -~ the force of bond 's leap twist the copter around -~ -- the mini-helicopter 's gunfire force the guard on the roof to scatter -- and -- in the internal security control room - the window be shattered by the gunfire -- the technician dive under the console and grope up to turn off the machine gun -- bond gripping the skid of the helicopter the helicopter be now face the street -- the force of bond 's weight , which be far more than the copter be mean to hold , have it diving directly down the street -- xenia will not give up -- she run across the roof , firing she automatic down at bond , some of the bullet sparking off the blade -- 57 . bond on helicopter - eighty feet up bond be head straight down the street that lead to the kremlin , eight storey over the traffic and drop fast -- but by extend he leg to direct he weight and by pull on the skid , he steer the copter like a awkward hang glider -- xenia empty the clip at bond to no effect -- and hit she radio -- xenia cut off the helicopter 's power -- in the internal security console the technician throw a switch that shut off the engine - bond on the helicopter be still five storey up when the engine 's whirring be silence -- the rotor completely stop and the helicopter go dead -- -- bond , still clutching the skid , start to fall straight down -- but the rotor reverse direction and go into autorotation from the drag of the fall -- it slow bond just enough for a relatively smooth landing -- bond touch down on a moving streetcar tracking down the street , past the kremlin and toward the moskva River -- bond get he foot on the streetcar 's roof as the helicopter land in a heap next to he -- the helicopter 's camera lens whirr and pan toward bond -- no W. chi ss -- the internal security console ~ monitor Pov ~ bond be reach under the helicopter -- bond das _vadanya -- the image short out to a field of electronic snow -- as -- bond and helicopter on top of streetcar bond have take the machine gun that be to fire at he -- and aim they at the camera and the body of the helicopter , both of which explode in a shower of SPARKS -- 58 . over xenia 's shoulder - on lubyanka rooftop S she and we watch bond kick the helicopter off the streetcar -- it plunge into the moskva River as the streetcar pass the kremlin . bond leap off the roof -- and run down the street to momentary safety as we -- cur to : int . near gorky park - chess cafe - day this dark , dusty establishment be devote to two thing : drink thick Russian coffee and play chess . there be several dozen player inside , mostly old man , contemplate each other 's move . there 's little conversation -- what can be hear here be low and quiet . at one table -- -- romaly be alone -- but this have not stop he from play a game of chess anyway . he move a black piece -- and turn the board around . after a moment -- he move a white piece -- as -- bond arrive and sit down . as they speak , they keep they voice low -- romaly you move . eo bond ( eye sparse black piece ) you have not leave I much . after look at the board for five second -- bond decisively move a bishop up -- romaly you be in a unwinnable position , James -- I have be replaying the 1962 game in which grandmaster botvinnik be defeat by petrosian . ( make move ) I know I say you should wait until morning to provoke the opposition -- but blow large hole in the lubyanka be not what I have in mind . beat ) m be furious . you understand that London have have to tell the Russian government you have go rogue . we be go to have to get you out of the country , in secret , as quickly as possible . bond make a simple pawn move -~ S bond do you receive my transmission ? 59 . romaly yes . I check on the scientist personally . all eight of they work in high position at the Soviet weapon research complex -- arzamas sixteen . and all eight have die in the last week -~ in apparent " accident " the Russians must have engineered . ( make move ) all but one . - bond move a piece up -- and try to conceal he interest -- bond the woman ? marina varoskaya ? romaly move again -- claim the piece bond just move -- and shake he head . bond try to hide a flash of disappointment . romaly a gas explosion . ( beat ) the only survivor be alexei makvenio . he 's oversee the destruction of the nuclear warhead in Kazakhstan . ( beat ) do you think that 's why the Russians let he live ? bond this be not a Russian operation , romaly . pushkin have no idea the assassination be take place . someone 's play we and the Russians off against each other . romaly such as --? bond ( consider board ) the woman who lead I into the lubyanka use to work for trevelyan . perhaps she still do . ( make move ) trevelyan say he be look for a new game . I think this be it . romaly -- who be move he piece by rote -- now seem throw -- bond 's piece have surround he king -- romaly that 's a very broad leap , James -- ( finally make move ) -- it be a bad idea to let hatred rule you judgement . bond I / 1l need some documentation , romaly . before I leave Russia -- I have to make a side trip to Kazakhstan . 60 . bond make a final , decisive move -- romaly look all over the D board for a answer that be not there -- bond if it be trevelyan -- and it 's a game he want -- he 's go to get one . ( confirm obvious ) mate . curt to : ext . kazakhstan - gegelen hill ~ dawn with the desert behind , and the mountain ahead , it 's clear there 's virtually no civilization in this part of the world , outside of the atomic testing installation in the hill . a single paved road lead along the desert up to one of the hilis -- with a match railroad track that run parallel . the track and the road part company when you reach one of this hill -- the track run down to the hill 's base and a freight entrance -- and the road run up to a monitoring station that 's on the hill 's top . access to both be bar by a young Russian guard name tag rosskovitch man a barricade . today there 's interest in the area -- there be a lot of car and trailer , campe out at the checkpoint . microphone and satelite tell we they be the press , now swarm around a NATO S spokesman , read from a statement -- NATO spokesman in two hour , Dr. alexei makvenio , of the Russian Defense Ministry , will detonate the nuclear device , which have a twenty kiloton yield , underground at a depth of thirteen hundred foot . it will effectively destroy three hundred warhead from the former Soviet arsenal . after that -- the testing site will be close for good . ( a reporter shout a question ) no -- there 's no danger the blast can set off any of the warhead -- the explosive triggers be in the chamber , but they be not directly wire to the warhead -- ( to another ) -- yes -- the site have be thoroughly inspect by a United Nations team to verify that the warhead be there -- ( to another ) -- no -- the monitoring station will not be operate -- previous blast have make the hillside slightly unstable -- as the expositionary din continue , we notice the dust of a four - wheel drive vehicle drive up the road -- 61 . at the wheel - marina head toward the barricade -- as she do , she yank a " pull - out " car stereo from the dashboard -- put it on the seat next to she -- and take a screwdriver from the glove compartment -~- at the barricade - rosskovitch signal for marina to stop . she lower she window -- rosskovitch ( bored ) no press allow inside -- park there -- marina officiously take out a id card with a young picture of she on it -- she arzamas sixteen identification -- marina ( offended ) I be not " press " -- ( motion to seat ) -- I be deliver the bomb 's trigger circuitry . rosskovitch look down at the seat -- the stereo , with its back remove , be a bewilder jumble of circuitry . rosskovitch glance , in turn , at the " trigger " , the id card , and marina 's glower , condescending expression as she light a cigarette -- marina do you want to let I pass -- or do you want I to tell Dr. makvenio that -- ( read name tag ) -- private rosskovitch think a nuclear weapon should be explode with a firecracker 's fuse ? the bar across the road rise as rosskovitch back up in a cloud of cigarette smoke -- and marina 's car move forward toward the main hill , and up to -- the monitoring station which be a relatively simple , relatively small building that 's on the hill 's top . near it be a no-frills cage elevator that look like something you have find in a mine . marina park she car next to the only other vehicle -- take a shoulder bag out of she car -- and get into the elevator we ride it down with she -- all the way down , to emphasize that we be go half a mile into the earth . at the bottom be -- 62 . the nuclear blast chamber 's corridor this central , circular part of the underground center be huge -- a gigantic cavern , surround by the sear remain of other test in the close shaft that speak outward . a small rail system for handcars run in from the side -- the only other way out of this place -- and a inch thick corrtex cable hang from a shaft drill through the rock 's ceiling , weight by a massive seismic sensor . only one test shaft remain open -~ test chamber twelve . marina head toward this shaft -- smile with relief when she see -— marina alexei ! at the shaft door ~ alexei make last minute preparation for the blast , turn around , color drain from he face , as marina run up to hin . marina thank God you be still alive . meanwhile -- back at -- the road 's barricade - bond drive up -- and roll he window down for rosskovitch -- rosskovitch no press allow inside -- turn around and park there -- bond produce a authentic look United Nations id card for rosskovitch to squint at . bond I be not with the press -- I be with the inspection tean . rosskovitch motion toward the real inspection team , which be field question from reporter . rosskovitch the site have be inspect already -- bond ( haughty ) ~~ and my order be to thoroughly inspect it again -- unless -- ( read name tag ) -- private rosskovitch -- you have like to tell the world press what the Russian government want to hide from the United Nations . rosskovitch -- exasperate at this point -- raise the bar -- and bond drive past , up to the monitoring station . 63 . inside the test chamber - marina and alexei S marina be wrapping up a animated explanation . alexei , for he part , be obviously rattle by marina 's presence , not the story . marina I check , alexei . except for we , everyone who work on the Tempest program at arzamas sixteen have be kill . they have try to get I twice already . alexei if this be true , marina -- what can we do ? marina there 's only one thing we can do -~- she pull out a diskette from she shoulder bag -- which also contain she computer . marina there 's be reporter out there from all over the world . I have reconstruct enough of the project data on this disk that you and I can convince they that the weapon exist . with disarmament go on , the government will have to shut Tempest down . it 's the only way we 'il both be safe . alexei pause , and do not answer . doubt -- and a little shame -- flicker across he face -- as -- -- from behind , marina get a devastating crack on the back of the head , and crumple to the ground , unconscious . from out of the test chamber ~ illya emerge with a machine gun , wear a Russian military uniform and a satisfied expression . alexei look down , ashen , as illya pick up the diskette . illya trevelyan be right -- shap disk in half ) -- she do want to protect she old mentor . up in the monitoring station ~ bond walk into the trailer , where the monitoring equipment -- thermographic computer and the other end of the corrtex cable , house in a cylinder with a spool over it -- lay idle . ona chair in front of one of the console be a jacket -- and a d D briefcase . bond open the case and rifle through it . except for the fact that most of the document be in cyrillic , this look pretty ordinary . 64 . bond 's blank expression tell we there be no document of importance here -- he shut the case and put it back where he find it . but as he do -- something grab he attention -- bond 's Pov - on the handle of the case -- one end of it bulge in a unusual way . bond rip open the seam on the handle , revealing the core of the handle be a simple , small ivory object with a design carve into one end . nothing high tech at all . but even though we have no idea what this thing be , bond 's expression reveal he know exactly what it be -- and what it 's for . meanwhile -- down in test chamber twelve - close on marina 's limp body be drop by illya into a empty , coffin-size bomb case cylinder . illya clang the cylinder shut -- illya do not worry , makvenio -- she 's alive -- alexei and illya - by the cylinder alexei look sicken as illya seal the cylinder shut with a lock pin -- illya be amused at alexei 's squeamishness . illya -- at least until you bomb go off . wide on the test chamber itself we see the cylinder be on the handcart , halfway down the test shaft itself . the entrance from the main chamber be about seventy foot across ~- the widest point . as it move down a steep forty - five degree slope , the chamber narrow as it get closer to the end , about seventy five yard down , where the chamber be only six inch across . here be where the bomb -- and its timer -- be house . the chamber be also notably segment into five zone , seperate by irise blast door that be at least four and now open -- and a small cargo rail system run down the center of it . the other thing we notice about the chamber be that there be inside -- some casing eight foot long , some short , all neatly stack horizontally , like cordwood , in the wider part of the chamber , hold back from tumble down the chamber by a network of steel chain . the chamber suddenly echoes with the grind of the elevator in the outer chamber as alexei and illya move the case with marina in with the other warhead . illya glare at alexei -- illya expecting anyone else ? alexei anxiously move up to the main chamber -- 65 . in the MAIN chamber - bond get out of the elevator , in a smock and with a clipboard -- bond Dr. makvenio ? ( arrogant ) I have come to talk about you rather obvious attempt to misuse Russian military technology . alexei be all innocent surprise as he approach bond -- alexei to what be you refer ? Doctor -- ? in_the test chamber - illya be behind one of the warhead cluster -- he slam the bolt back on he machine gun -- bond ( 0.s . ) Dr. burton . I be afraid you know perfectly well what I be talk about , Dr. makvenio . bond and alexei head toward the chamber , bond essentially bulldoze he way in , alexei trail behind . bond the United Nations have learn that the Russian government plan to detonate a much larger nuclear device than approve -- so you can monitor the information for new weapon research . they reach the inside of the chamber -- alexei try to steer he out , but this only persuade bond to press on -= alexei that 's ridiculous , Dr. burton -- we have a corrtex seismic measurement for verification purpose , as you see , but -- ( point to computer ) -- the thermographic computer have be disconnect . we will receive no developmental data from the explosion . bond eye the chamber with renew interest as they move down -- bond -- and the blast door , makvenio ? alexei ( concede ) well -- the chamber be design for weapon research -- it just have not be use until now . 66 . alexei the door be mean to stifle the detonation at different level . ( as they walk down ) the top zone would simulate a thirty mile distance from the blast -- relative safety -- this area simulate a ten mile distance -- total devastation -- and this zone would be three mile from the blast -- bond -- total incineration . bond 's mask slip a notch as he consider -- bond you be simulate the effect of a nuclear blast at thirty mile -- in a conical chamber for a shape detonation -- ( it click into place ) -- which enhance the effect of a electromagnetic pulse . that principle transfer nicely into satelite weaponry , do not it , Doctor ? ( drop act , draw gun ) trevelyan must have pay you handsomely for it . now let 's have a talk with -- there be a SOUND behind bond <- he whirl , but be too late -- illya come from behind one of the warhead casing and smashes the back of bond 's head with he machine gun . bond collapse to the ground , nearly unconscious -- illya bend down and take bond 's gun . illya I do not want any more surprise , makvenio . set the bomb to go off early . alexei but -- illya but what ? the Russians will fire you ? in two day you will be able to buy half of Moscow . and you cover be already blow . ( motion with gun ) move . give we thirty minute to get out . as alexei move down to the bottom , where the bomb be house in the wall -- bond start to stir . illya be enjoy himself . illya so this be James bond . I can not say I be impressed . at " ground zero " - alexei be at the bomb 's control panel -- he run a magnetic keycard through it , then enter a code combination into a keypad -- 67 . in level two - bond and alexei bond sit up -- look at illya -- bond tllya borchenko , be not it ? ( he nod ) have not hear anything about you since you botch that stasi job in Zagreb . ( rub it in ) trevelyan must be hard up for help to put a cockup artist like you back to work . this hit a nerve -- illya savagely kick bond in the face , force he back -- illya you look pretty clever down there , bond -- ( steady gun ) -- but in half a hour I / 1l be on my way to St. Petersburg -- and you 'il be bleed to death in the middle of ground zero -- illya aim the machine gun down at bond 's leg -- close on bond 's hand - a iron bar from the rail 's handcart be a centimeter away -- bond 's grip close around it -- bond and illya - level two as illya aim down and pull the trigger -~- bond swing the bar up against illya 's arm -- a burst of machine gun fire go wild , down the chamber 's center -- tight on alexei 's face which clenches in a terminal expression -- some of the bullet have catch he in the back -~ he collapse and sink down -- dead -- close on the bomb 's control which have be spatter with alexei 's blood -- as alexei 's hand slide off the keypad , we can see he be not able to enter the last zero in _ " 30:00.00 " -~ the timer read 3:00.00 as alexei 's hand slide off and hit a initiator button -~ -- the timer race down from three minute in one-hundredth sec ncre ! '' - 2359.00 -- 2:58:00 -- as -- further up - bond and illya bond slam illya again with the bar , knock he onto the handeart -- bond swing the bar at the brake , and the cart run down the rail -- illya be on he back but still fire he machine gun up at bond as the cart track down -- meanwhile -- 68 . inside the empty casing -— marina be awaken by the gunfire -- she desperately start bang on the inside of the case , try to get out -- as -- bond duck behind the warhead casing -- illya 's bullet ricochet all_over the warhead -- as bond cross up one level , stick close to the warhead for cover , we see -~ one of the warhead sizzling and sparking where it be strike by gunfire -~ there 's no risk of a nuclear blast here , but this still have high e osive try by a chain barrier - bond run up through the third level -- above the blast door , there be a flash red cyrillic warning -- and a timer read 1:40.00 -- 1:39.00 -- -- bond realize he have to get out of there fast -~ and start to run up the rest of the way -- but hear a bang in one of the warhead grouping -- -~ bond pause , try to figure out which cylinder it 's come from -- when he find the right one , which be stand upright , and pull a release pin , he look in , astonished and pleased -- bond you be alive -- the casing open - marina be inside -- and recognize bond ~- frighten as she be , she actually look more angry -- '' marina ( with hatred ) keep try -- ty negodiay -- marina grab the top of the case -~ and brace against it , she give bond a powerful kick in the stomach -- bond be not quite expect this -~ he reel back toward the rail line of the chamber -- -- and subsequently into illya 's line of fire -- bullet stitch around the concrete and the warhead -- illya be run up the slant path , a level down from bond -- bond dive back into the opposite warhead grouping for cover -- 69 . on bomb 's countdown clock -- 0250.00 -- 0:49.00 -- meanwhile -- marina weave up and through the maze of warhead grouping -- and run out of the top level , to safety -~ as she run out , she hit a button on a top level control panel -- and -- the first blast door at the chamber 's bottom irise shut in front of the bomb -- behind the opposite group of warhead - level three - bond be pin as illya come up -- there 's nowhere for he to go , up or down -- the warhead be too densely pack here -- bond' Pov -- through warhead casing ~ illya be move up to a position where he can shoot bond -- as -- L io = ss B : doo . irise shut with a irreversible clang , easily crush the handcart that be lie in its path , as if it be make of cardboard instead of steel -- as -- illya 's Pov - through warhead casing -~ bond be visible -- on level three - illya smile and prepare to shoot bond -- but just above they -- on level four - the warhead that be sparking actually ignites a electrical fire -- the high explosive trigger detonate -- -- e on snap to ha i at t ark ' cyl rs lace -- th rhe rol ose avalanche , break the chain of the grouping opposite they -- -- over a hundred nuclear warhead cascade down toward the third level -- on level three - bond lunge out at illya , knock he back and away as the warhead rol ] down , they impact snapping the chain that hold this level 's warhead -- as bond struggle with illya we see -- the bomb ‘s timer race down -- 0:25.00 -- 0:24.00 -- 70 . on level three - bond and illya -- bond slam illya back and away as , above they , the third blast door -- the only avenue of escape -~- start to iris shut -- bond run up toward it -- -- illya be stick on the roll tide of missile move down -- but he still fire up at bond -- -- bullet spark against the missile that roll past bond , more shot impact on the close blast door -- he 's run like hell but he 's not even close to -- the third blast door which knock away some roll warhead as it close -- it momentarily jam on one of the casing -- just as the door grind , shove the case loose , close in -- -- bond dive through the hole and to the other side -- bullet still streaking past he as he dive -- on level four - bond hit the floor in a roll , get out of the way of a fall warhead case that boom to the concrete , nearly crush hin -- he get he foot and continue to run up the slant floor , serpentine and dodging around the roll missile -- which be suddenly make more difficult as all the pyrotechnics in here have the light winking out -- bond 's Pov - the FOURTH blast door be irise to _a close -- and the timer mount above it be finish too -- 0:05.00 -- 0:04.00 -- 0:03.00 -— on bond racing up the slanted floor bond pour it on -- the gap be just under manhole size as -- bond dive through the blast door head first as it clang shut right after he -- instead of brace to land , bond cup he hand on he ear -- before he hit the floor -- the bombat timer hit 0:00.00 -- the screen fill with a blinding explosion -- nuclear explosion Pov - the blast t =~ e start he scream , illya 's gun melt as he 's vaporize against the third blast wall -- and it too be demolish -- 71 . in level five - bond be still roll from he leap , the ground shaking under he , he hand over he ear from the deafening blast -- he stare at the outer blast door -- -- there be a sizzling , molten sound from inside the chamber -- the other side of the door be probably slag -- but it 's hold . bond stagger out into the central chamber -- as outside the hill - marina complete she run , stumbling out of the hill 's freight entrance . she 's safe -- but the ground be still shaking -- bond can feel it too as he move out into the central chamber -- and find he 's not out of it yet -- he look up -- bond 's Pov - the central chamber 's ceiling be caving in from the blast -- rock be shearing off everywhere -- ~~ bond look to the elevator -- it crumple under the weight of a cave - in -- -- bond turn to the freight entrance -- but the tunnel to the rail line also collapse from underneath -- the floor of the chamber be open too in a web of widen fissure -- bond look around , desperately -- there 's no way out -- but he eye lock in one direction ~~ and bond run across the chamber as the ceiling literally fall in around he and the floor open up underneath he -- one fissure be open behind bond 's heel as he reach the corrtex seismic cable and jump on top of the sensor 's weight , grab the cable with one hand and with another -- the weight drop off into the split floor -- as -- -- bond hang on to the cable , stand on the small disk that anchore the cable to the weight as the release of the weight 's tension send the cable reeling back to its spool -- bond 's Pov - the cable be swinging dangerously as it shoot up toward the rock ceiling above -- as rock continue to fall around he , the cable be draw into the metal pipe -- 72 . -- the inside of the pipe 's shaft rush past bond -- the only light in here be the violent sparking of the disk scraping against the inside of the pipe -- until finally -- there 's a crack of light at the top of the shaft -- bond on the cable bond brace as the cable roughly brake and come to a halt at the top -- inside the monitoring station on the hilltop - bond kick open the door that house the corrtex cable -- and start out -- but the last thing he see as he move out be -- bond 's Pov - fle b' ROS : drop like a drill press against bond 's forehead -- and we arop to -- black screen ~ the high - pitched whine of a buzzsaw this annoying sound bring we back to -- bond ‘s Pov - out helicopter door - the ural mountain be below -- beneath one of the mountain be a forest that 's be assualt by a log camp at the base of a river complete with a timber mill and a small helicopter wield a li have for ck of cular . bond groggy , wake up -- something dark etched into he face show he recognize this spot . bond be in a troop transport helicopter in flight , he hand cuffed through a bar over he head . ahead in the cockpit , a pilot radio something in Russian -- we can not tell what 's be say , but we do catch the word " pushkin " . sitting on a bench opposite bond be rosskovitch , whose scowl tell we he be chew out for let bond through . next to bond be another Russian guard -- and sit on the other side of the guard be marina , also cuffed , and now glaring at bond . marina ( with hatred ) how many do you kill ? bond I do not kill any of they , marina . listen to I -- you be still in danger . the control to Tempest have be steal from the Russians -- rosskovitch give bond a warning kick , to shut he up -- rosskovitch atkne - _ — 73 . : bond I do not think the Russians know how to deactivate it -- and the Americans do not even know it exist -- marina be rightly skeptical of bond -- marina why should I believe you ? the other Russian guard turn to marina -- guard ( threaten ) nyet ! Zatkneis ! -- bond be frustrated -- he know there 's no reason she should trust he , but he have to convince she -- bond believe anything you like -- but I just hear they send for General pushkin . they be take we to a safehouse for interrogation . whatever happen , tell they how to the thi -- the guard point a rifle threateningly in marina 's face -- bond kick it away -- and the guard savagely slam bond 's head with he rifle . marina weigh bond 's word -- as the helicopter reach -- the mountain 's summit - a_ huge country house that 's three storey high be on the snowy mountaintop , surround by a forest that run down the mountainside . near the house be a freeze lake that be thawing -- the steep river that flow down from the lake be feed from this -- a chunk of ice break away from the lake and smashes down the rapid , as the helicopter touch down and be surround by russian guard . bond tumble back into unconsciousness -- as we -- dissolve to : view of mountain and country house - low Pov - night something be off - kilter here -- this be the same mountain and country house , but we can see this be not the present , because it 's a different season -- there 's no snow , no ice . the Pov of the house , light up from inside , be from behind several tree -- it belong to a younger bond who be in a camoflage outfit , armed with a sniper 's rifle and commando gear -- there be two other agent with he -- 003 , a man , and 005 , a woman -- but it 's clear that bond be in charge . 74 . he signal for they to wait -- as he raise he binocular -- binocular Pov of house - through a picture window trevelyan -- also look young -- be inside a salon that look pretty comfortable , except for the fact that he 's surround by armed Russians -- and hook up to a polygraph . trevelyan look nervous -- bond lower the binocular -- and gesture for the other to approach the house at different angle -- wider angle on the forest as bond and the other double - ohs move up through the treeline , stay low to the ground -- -- we move back to bond -- who be creep along another group of wild strawberry bush -- he eye fix on -- bond be Pov - ouse 's S. W. ow trevelyan be remove from the polygraph 's wiring -~ and be roughly shove out of the room by the Russian guard ~-- bond fix he position low on a ridge -~ and ready he sniper rifle , wait -- as he do , he nonchalantly pick one of the strawberry and pop it in he mouth -- 003 and 005 move up too -- belly - crawl seperately through a flat , wide patch of strawberry -- at the house 's door ~- trevelyan be handcuff and accompany by two guard -- who shove he toward a transport truck , to be take elsewhere -- bond fix he eye on the scope -~ he finger on the trigger -- nightscope Pov - the crosshair be on trevelyan as he 's move through -- he and the Russian guard be right next to the truck -- close on bond 's face as he hesitates -- he finger freeze on the trigger -- he make a decision -- 75 . nightscope Pov ~- the crosshair shift from trevelyan to one of the Russian guard -- bond fire and the guard fall -- the crosshair move rapidly to the other Russian guard , who bond also kill -- -- leave trevelyan stand , freeze -- bond lower the rifle -- know there 's only second -- and take out a flashlight -- he flash it twice at trevelyan -- trevelyan 's face be briefly illuminate by the light -- he bend down and take a gun from one of the guard -- he start run forward -- -- but he stop at the truck 's cab -- he reach in and turn on the headlight , which be aim directly at -- bond 's position which be completely illuminate -- as be he astonished look of betrayal -- -- other Russian guard fire at bond -- bond dive back under the ridge as it 's chew by machine gun fire -- wide on entire area as floodlights illuminate the forest ‘ine a 005 all 10 : and or -- trevelyan take the machine gun , and fire at 003 and 005 -- 003 and 005 be cut to piece by the machine gun fire -- both fall dead in they track in the strawberry field -- bond be drive back , surround by gunfire from the guard -- he 's force to run through the forest to a position of safety -- from behind a tree , he take he binocular and look up -- pov_ - ev : ' a . ar i. seem pretty chummy as the General take off trevelyan 's handcuffs — ~ bond lower the binocular -- revealing that the shock of betrayal have give way to hatred . 76 . bond run down and into the night , as the crack of a gunshot just miss bond , fill the screen with blind light -- smash CUT to : a ig pi no - a group of russian nobles be dance around what appear to be a realistic balcony -- in a guest room - bond wake up abruptly , where he 's be dumped in a chair , he hand cuffed around a short marble column near a window . it 's mid-afternoon . the room be a nicely furnish part of this Russian safehouse . obviously it 's mean to hold the better class of prisoner -- but it be , unmistakably , a prison . bond look around , shaking off the past and move into the present . he be more or less comfortably seat in the chair , but cuffed to the column , he be immobile . he 's right next to a picture window -- but the fleck of metal in the glass tell we this be armored glass . bond look out the window -- there 's a second - story view of -- the frozen lake and at the opposite end of the lake -- a batter single - engine seaplane be tie to a dock on the ice . bond plant he foot on the throw rug of the floor -- and use it to drag over the wire screen in front of the fireplace . int . country house ~ salon - day this be the same room we see earlier -- nicely furnish , a fire roaring in the fireplace , a huge picture window overlook the lake and the rest of the grounds . but the room have some menace fixture as well . the room be attractively soundproofed -- the picture window 's glass be armored -- a teacart hold a tray with drug and syringe -- and behind a couch be a polygraph . clearly this be a room that can be as pleasant -- or as unpleasant -- as the occasion require . marina be seat on the couch , near the fire , with the polygraph wire to she arm . seat across from she be kolkhazhna , a smooth kgb interrogator , who calmly question she in Russian . kolkhazhna 's assistant -- who be wear a sidearm -- watch the needle flutter behind she . kolkhaznha 's manner be friendly , avuncular , and well - train -- clearly design to put marina at ease . kolkhazhna ( switch to English ) do you speak English fluently ? 77 . marina yes -- kolkhazhna do you speak in English with the other prisoner while be transport here ? marina yes -- but -- kolkhazhna ( friendly ) just answer yes or no -- this be only a preliminary debrief . General pushkin will arrive soon for more thorough question . ( press on ) do you have any prior relationship with the other prisoner ? marina ( decisively ) no -~ on the needle -- it flutter widely across the scrolling paper -- kolkhazhna look intrigue as he assistant shake he head . meanwhile -- ext . wide on ural mountain - a military attack helicopter approach quickly , fly high over the range -- as -~ inside the guest room - bond have drag the fireplace screen over and yank a wire out to pick the lock of the handcuffs , but it 's a very awkward task -- inside the salon - kolkhazhna pace around in front of the picture window -- he be behind marina and he assistant -- kolkhazhna ( measure , firm ) I ask again -- do you have any prior relationship with the other prisoner ? marina no -- I -- yes , we meet once -- but -- kolkhazhna in that meeting -- do you and the prisoner discuss you plan to murder alexei makvenio ? 78 . marina be simultaneously angry and nervous -- it 's obvious where this be head -- marina no -- he try to kill I -- kolkhazhna ( amused now ) he try to kill you -- be you certain of that ? marina ( falter ) -- yes -~ yes , I be -- close on the needle which flutter all over , register a eight - point - five on the bullshit scale -- over the house - the helicopter begin a slow descent -- inside the salon - kolkhazhna ice a bit -- and wave to the assistant to shut the machine off . the assistant do , take the wire off marina , who notice the change in kolkhazhna 's manner . marina ( incredulous ) you think I be involved with he ? kolkhazhna miss varoskaya -- ( point to file ) -- you Zaprista show you have a history of security -- difficulty -- which be tolerate because of you scientific and mathematical gift . ( pick up question sheet ) now -- you admit meeting with the foriegn spy prior to today . you admit break into a military installation to find Dr. makvenio -- marina ( protest ) -- to warn makvenio -- kolkhazhna -- in the same military installation , the other prisoner be capture at precisely the same time you be discover inside . as kolkhazhna speak -- the military helicopter hover into view in front of the window -- it can not be hear due to the room 's soundproof . 79 . kolkhazhna see it and nonchalantly wave acknowledgement , as it look like it 's landing -- then turn he back on it to continue he theorize -- kolkhazhna -- now makvenio be dead -- and on you way here , you and the prisoner conduct a conversation in English for secrecy . kolkhazhna toss the question sheet onto the couch -- as he do -- the helicopter not only do not land -- it pivot to face the window head on -- -- we see but can not hear as it fire a side mount missile that rocket toward the window -- kolkhazhna how would you add up this particular equation , miss varoskaya ? marina turn around to address this -- and see -- marina 's Pov - out the window - the missile speed directly toward the window -- it 's inch away as -— in the salon - marina do not even get time to scream -- the momentary silence in the room be fill with the sound of the missile i the armored glass , destroy it -- kolkhazhna be throw across the room , as be he assistant -- the room be a storm of fire , smoke and glass -- -- marina be shield a bit by the couch -- she be hurl against a bookcase as furniture blow across the room like toy in a doll 's house -- inside the helicopter - trevelyan be in the co-pilot 's seat , not pushkin -- behind he be savatier , morley and four other assassin , each carry assualt rifle and dress to kill -- in the guest room - bond be several room away but can still feel the impact of the explosion -- he go to work on the handcuff lock with renew urgency -- as -~ high angle on house - the helicopter fire another side - mount missile low to the first floor of the house -- it impact against -- a communications CENTER that be blow to bit , kill most of the Russians inside -- 80 . inside the helicopter ~ trevelyan smile as the helicopter track leave and upward -- he see -- trevelyan 's Pov through window ~— bond be a perfect target , handcuff to the marble , visible through this window -~- he eye lock on trevelyan 's -- inside the helicopter ~ trevelyan turn to the pilot -- trevelyan you may fire when ready . inside the guest room ~- bond desperately manipulate the wire in the cuff 's lock as behind he , the helicopter turn to face the window directly -- - e miss ‘se ust FI ~- it speed toward the window -- as it do -~ -- a tiny click tell we bond have finally open the cuff -- he rip it off he hand , diving across the room as -- the missile impact against the armore glass -- the glass rip through the room like grenade shrapnel -~ -- bond half - duck , be half - blast , behind a couch -- as part of the ceiling fall in on he ~- outside the house - the helicopter touch down ~~ as it do , savatier , morley and the other assassin run out , automatic weapon ready -- two assassins move around the house , mow down Russian guard that be position there -- as -- savatier and morley move into the house -- part be fire , and emergency lighting be on -- -- the two split up , kill without question everyone in they path -~ we note that morley , in addition to have a machine gun , have a flame thrower strapped to he back -- in the guest room 's wreckage - part of the ceiling painting be shove aside as bond , bloody , struggle from the wreckage . bond head for the door -- but before he reach it -- -- trevelyan move into the doorway -- aim a pistol at bond -- smile easily . triumphantly . 81 . trevelyan pity destroy this place . I still pay it a visit every spring . ( gesture outside ) the first strawberry of the season always seem to show up over the grave of 005 and 003 . there be the SOUND of rapid-fire shoot downstairs -- in the communications room - the door be kick _in -- a female worker be frantic and at a radio microphone , frighten , as -- morley aim the nozzle of the flame thrower at she -- and blast she with it -- back in the guest room - bond and trevelyan trevelyan maintain he distance from bond -- ready to shoot at any time . but trevelyan be in no mood to rush thing . trevelyan I be genuinely sorry to have put you through that charade year ago , James . but when I defect , the Russians be skeptical . the head of mi6 simply cross over ? they think I be lay out some sort of trap for they . bond slowly edge back -- back toward the window , back toward a certain pile of rubble -- bond so to convince the Russians -- you set a trap for I . trevelyan ( nod ) I persuade they to leak news of my " capture " through a diplomatic frequency I know whitehall have tapped . I be certain that you have want to attempt a rescue . ( smile ) I be much oblige . after you visit , the Russians believe every recognition cipher -- every safehouse location -- every operative 's name I supply they with . bond ( quietly ) bond 's hand edge closer to a small , break marble column atop some of the rubble -- the perfect size for a club -- but -- 82 . -- a 's ire twice -~- tin e_club -— trevelyan step closer ~- gun levell at bond -- trevelyan ( angere ) a embarrassing , clumsy attempt . I have hope we could be more dignify than this . as you wish -- ( hard ) on you knee -- face the wall . bond have no choice -- he drop to he knee -- trevelyan move behind he -- trevelyan you must have have order to kill I if I could not be rescue , so the Russians would not interrogate I . I give you one clean shot . you choose not to take it . ( with finality ) lock you hand behind you back . close on bond ‘s face bond wince as trevelyan press the gunbarrel_ against the base of bond 's skull -- trevelyan because you lack the nerve to shoot I back then , James -- it 's you finger on this trigger , not mine -- bond ( with contempt ) go ahead -- shoot -- I only wish I could see the look on you face two day from now when you try to fire Tempest . trevelyan hesitates -~ as -- do ! the - savatier systematically work through the house -- kick in door after door -- fire burst of gunfire at anything that move -- in a hallway - morley step over the flame body of a dead Russian gu . -_ in_the salon - marina be stunne from the blast -- and terrify at the SOUND of the shoot , which be draw nearer -- she pull herself out of the stone and wood that 's pin she down -- -- and start to dig in another pile of wreckage , where kolkhazna 's dead assistant be cover -- 83 . in the guest room - bond and trevelyan D trevelyan be a bit off - balance ~-- bond be play for time -- bond makvenio tell I everything , trevelyan . before I be pick up , I call in Tempest 's control code to we Moscow Station . by now , the satelite have be recalibrate 's -- or destroy . trevelyan smile now , know it 's a bluff -- trevelyan if makvenio have tell you anything at all , you would know that be not possible . the girl pose a minor threat -- ( indicate gunshot ) -- that have now be eliminate . I can detonate Tempest at the time -- or target -- of my choose . bond be that the threat you 'il make ? Global blackmail ? trevelyan ( beneath he ) S it 's be do . ( disappointed ) be you imagination always so limited ? I intend to use the weapon , James -- to the fullest possible advantage . ( beat ) I be sorry you will not see that happen . but I promise to come back here next spring -- for you first crop of strawberry -- trevelyan pull the hammer back on the pistol -- but -- behind treveylan - a russian officer batter from one of the blast -- show up in the doorway and point a automatic at trevelyan -- trevelyan turn at the noise , and shoot ~- nail the officer in the chest -- he fall over , dead or die , but he finger be lock on the trigger -- the machine gun 's entire clip spray around the room -- trevelyan be force to jump to one side of the room as the bullet impact where he be -- -- bond be drive forward -- he spring toward the break window and give -~ the bullet from the die Russian 's gun '' stitch a line under he on the floor -- -- the bullet from trevelyan 's automatic blaze over and under bond in a crossfire , that impact on the window 's edge -- 84 . outside the house - bond dive out the window and land , roll in the rubble , break into a run -- b be e as bond try to get out of range ~~ up in the second story window - trevelyan be fire down at bond -- as -- in the salon ~ marina claw through the rubble -- and unearth enough of kolkhzhna 's assistant to get at he sidearm -- she stand up as -- outside the house - bond be closely follow by trevelyan 's shot -- to get away from they he jump into -- the salon 's broken window - bond crash into the rubble , and stop short , because he 's face -- -- marina -- stand on the other side of the room -- terrify and aim the gun at bond -- -- bond hold up he hand , calm -~ and try not to appear threaten -- he step closer -- bond marina -- we have get to get out of here -- marina fire the gun once -- the shot go over bond 's shoulder -- marina ( shouting , frighten ) do not come near I ! in the hallway - morley hear the sound of the shot -- about thirty foot distant -- he run down the hall , flame - thrower ready -- in the salon - bond and marina marina 's hand shake violently on the gun -- bond know he have almost no time to try to convince she -- that time be cut even short as -- in the doorway - morley arrive , the '' thrower ! zle d at lari - ~- bond see it before marina do -- he lunge toward she -- -- she fire at bond , just miss he as he knock she out of the way of -- 85 . -- a gas-fe blast of flame that hiss twenty foot across the room -- the flame singes bond 's clothes as it pass -- -- marina be shove in relative safety against a pile of rubble -- bond and morley bond have little time to react as morley turn to face bond , the flame arcing with he -- bond grab a poker from what 's leave of the fireplace and slam it against the nozzle of the flamethrower , diverting it for a moment -- the full - blast stream of flame burn right next to bond -- marina -~ hand tremble -- point the pistol at both man -- as -- the stream of flame arc around and over bond -~ bond try to control it with the poker , but the " swordfight " be over ~~ morley move back , beyond the reach of the poker -- bond be finish -- -- but marina fire the gun once with shaky aim -- -- the flamethrower 's tank be hit -- but this be reinforce steel -- the bullet have no effect -- -- marina fire again -~ point more than aim -- -- and this time she hit a weaker point -- the joint where the flamethrower 's nozzle be attach to the tank -- a pressurize mist of flammable chemical be release -- -- morley turn to see this , horrify -- bond take the opportunity to rush morley and kick he across the room -- as morley tumble , the tank ews il_ of ab -- -- bond grab marina 's hand and yank she out through the window ~~ right behind they -- -- as morley roll across the floor -- across the room , a flame piece of rubble ignites some of the airborne mist -- like a cheap bottle rocket , the flame spiral through the air , ignite the mist along the same path morley have take , until the aerial fuse burn into the tank itself -~ outside the house - the explosion blast some of the pre-explode debris out the window -- -- bond pull marina out of the way of the blast and shield she body , hold she against the wall -- bond 's hand be on marina 's wrist , and he take the gun away from she -- 86 . on bond and marina 's face which be inch apart , breathless . she 's terrify , and physically pin by bond -- if bond want to kill she , he could do it easily . instead , bond release he grip on she -- and lower the gun . marina be as confuse as ever -- she eye search bond 's , look for a reason to trust he -- marina who be you ? bond my name be bond -- James bond -- ( at sound of gunshot ) -- would you mind if we discuss the rest later ? marina 's frighten look tell we she still do not entirely trust bond -- but the approach gunman make up she mind for she . bond and marina start a run across the house 's yard , toward the lake -- but bullet kick up ice and snow around they -- from a upstair window - savatier fire a machine gun down at they -- from behind - two assassins come from behind the house , fire they machine gun too -- bond and marina have no choice but to continue a very long run in a very expose position -- the thin cover of the ridge seem very far off -- -- bullet kick up around they as they run past the ground helicopter -- -- the helicopter pilot take a machine gun and fire from the side of the copter at bond and marina as they reach the ridge -- bond stop run -- and point the pistol back at the helicopter as bullet burst into the tree around he -- bond fire back at the helicopter -- not at the pilot , not at the assassin who be catch up fast , but at -- the helicopter 's side -mounted missile bond 's bullet spark around the launch tube -- until one shot ting inside a launch tube , ignite a warhead -- wide view on yard - the helicopter explode in a fireball of gasoline and munition as the pilot run ina panic away from it -- the explosion flatten across the yard -- 87 . -- al fl se ) es you er ms B a marina -- at the lake 's edge - bond and marina dash across the ice over to the seaplane 's dock -- -- bond help marina into the passenger side door -- as -- back at the helicopter - a renewed series of explosion cause the assassin to scatter as more of the munition carry by the helicopter explode -- bond move around to the pilot 's side and open the door , smile at the chaos behind he -- a familiar look of triumph bloom on he face as he start to get in -- until he look down -- th not s_of 's E be half - submerge and freeze into the ice -- this plane be go nowhere -~ even if it could be move , the pontoon certainly now weigh more than the plane can lift -- bond 's face reflect this sudden change in fortune -- he turn to the renew SOUND of approach gunshot -- the assassins pass the helicopter 's wreckage and explosion -- one man run out on the ice , fire a machine gun at bond and marina -- -~ another take a shoulder - mount stinger -~ and aim it -- stinger scope Pov ~ the plane and the dock be in the crosshair -- as -- at the safehouse - two assassins get on motorcycle from the safehouse 's garage -- and ride they out thry ire tor t ce -- inside the plane - marina 's Pov out windshield in summary : a shoulder - fire missile , two motorcycle , four killer and who know how many gun be on the way -- marina justly look terrify -- bond : be half - in , half - out of the plane -- he only have one idea and he clearly do not like it much -- he ' turn to marina -- 88 . bond start the engine ! as the plane 's ancient engine sputter to life and the prop start buzzing -- -- bond take he gun -~ and fire down at the ice around both pontoon , shatter and cracking the ice -- bond climb into the plane as -- the stinger be fire by the assassin -- stinger Pov it rocket low along the ice , toward the dock -- as -- the plane groans under the strain of the iced pontoon as bond revs the miserable sounding engine to full -- -- the pontoon break away from the ice lake -- they still weigh , literally , a ton and the plane can not lift off -- but -- -- the plane move ahead , the pontoon skidding on the ice -- it pick up speed and pull away from the dock dust as the stinger arrive to splinter it in a huge blast -- on the ice lake - the assassins run toward the plane , fire -- but bond revs the engine and steer the icebound plane toward the killer -- assassin Pov - the plane be skid toward they , propeller first -- -- the two who be on foot , instead of stand they ground , flee from the approach propeller -- -- bond turn the plane -- and the leave wing of the plane knock they to the ice , unconscious -- -- as the plane skid further on the ice -- one of the motorcycle assassin fall on he side to avoid the wing -~- the motorcycle and the assassin slide out of control -- but -- on the edge of the ice lake - a killer on a motorcycle race along the lake 's edge , keep pace with the plane -- he fire a machine gun at the plane as he do -- the plane be hit in the rear and be damage -- 89 . bond speed up the plane to try to get away -- he steer the plane away from the motorcycle -- and toward -- the edge of the lake which present the only exit -- the mouth where the lake drain into the river rapid -- this be where ice chunks have be break off and slamm down -- bond direct the plane toward this -- marina scream as -- the plane goe over the edge and into the river rapid , smash down , the pontoon drive along by the current , just like any other chunk of ice -- they be steer only by bond 's manipulation of the propeller and the flap -- bond and marina nos Pov - through windshield - the river be a swirl chute of whitewater and rock -- a ice chunk ahead of they the size of a rowboat slam against a rock and smashes into powder -- ~-- bond desperately steer to try to avoid the same fate -- the plane veer toward the side -- as -- along the riverbank - the motorcycle appear , run comfortably along a smooth , slightly elevate path that run parallel to the river -- the assassin have a relatively easy time fire down at -- the plane -- bullet stitch across the canvas wing -- and shatter the rear windshield -- close on the assassin as he pull a grenade off he vest -- and remove the pin with he thumb -- bond 's Pov - through windshield bond see this -- and try to steer away from the eyclist -- but the assassin throw en. owar t_ side of : the plane -- the right pontoon of the plane be blown off with a terrible scream of metal as the grenade detonate under it -- the wing move up with the force of the blast -- -- force the opposite wing to dip down -- if it go into the water the plane will cartwheel -- 90 . inside the plane ~- bond frantically correct again , steering and manipulate the flap so that -- the right wing stays even and compensate for the miss pontoon -~ the plane be now half - fly , half - float , and still bang dangerously down the river -- up on the riverbank - the motorcyclist can see what bond have do -- he concentrate he fire -- on the right wing -- bullet shred it -~ if it get much more shot up , the wing will tear off -- worse -- high shot of river - a waterfall be , horizontally speak , a hundred yard distant -- and vertically speak , be four hundred foot down -- -- at the same time , we can see that the ridge the motorcyclist be on will continue comfortably -- he 's in no danger -~ -- the cyclist move ahead of the plane , pull off another grenade -- and thumbing off the ring -- in the plane - bond have to make a choice -- he deliberately steer the plane toward a_rock -- marina shriek as -- the left pontoon impact against the rock -- and virtually tear off -- hang on just by a single bolt -- the plane be just second from go over the fall -- bond pull back on the stick with all he might -- and revs the engine into redlining -- the plane lift off shakily -- drift toward the leave -- toward -- the motorcyclist who see the plane approach -- and try to speed up -- but -- as the plane lift off -- the last bolt on the pontoon finally tear off -- 91 . the pontoon drop like a bomb and skid along the path , slamm into the motorcyclist -- angle on waterfall ~ the plane lift off over the drop and sail above the river -- as the motorcycle and the assassin be shove off the edge to start the 400 foot fall -- -- the fall be cut short as the grenade detonate , blast the cycle and the assassin into smaller piece that finish the drop to the icy water and rock below . back at the wreckage of the country house - trevelyan stand on a ridge -- as the SOUND of the explosion echoe back , he can just make out through the tree the shape of the plane fly away -~ and the sputtering and buzzing of the engine . trevelyan 's face be a interese blend of fury , frustration and a little bit of respect -- whatever he thought be , he end they to calmly turn to he survive man . trevelyan they will not get far in that plane . when they land -- see to it they get no farther . the assassin rush toward a military vehicle leave untouched by the flame wreckage of the house -- as we go back to -- the plane - over the mountain the plane barely maintain altitude over the rocky , mountainous area ~- the wing be so shot up they be certain to fall off , and the engine be sputtering and clearly will soon fail -- inside the plane ~ bond look down for a place to land . the terrain below be not flat -- and have a number of sheer vertical cliff . distantly visible down one edge of the mountain be the log camp -- and visible beyond another edge , in the valley below , be railroad track . but there 's no chance the plane will make it that far . bond aim down toward -- a snowdrift that 's perch on the edge of a fifty foot deep canyon -- a unused stable and worksh be nearby -- bond brace yourself -- bond cut the engine -- and start a low approach -- 92 . the plane drop into the snowdrift ~-- with the strain of landing , the leave wing tear off -- the rest of the plane skid across the snow , out of control , burrow into the snowdrift at forty mile a hour -- -- but the spoke leave over from the pontoon drag through the snow , gradually slow the plane until it dig into the snow drift and stop , half - bury , at the precipice 's edge . bond 's door be block by the snow -- he heave against it -- -- as marina unbuckle she seat belt -- and without wait for bond , she get out and run across the snowdrift -- as -- the plane shift in the snow -- partly due to its precarious position , partly due to bond 's pound on the doorside -- it clearly will go over -- ~~ bond see this and pull himself across the seat to the other door -- and through it -- bond roll out of the plane as it roll off the canyon 's edge -- bond land safely in the snowdrift as the plane cartwheel to the rock below -- -- and the gas tank explode , start a small fire . bond turn to look for marina -- she 's run away , down the snowdrift . bond crunch through the snow after she -- catch up to she by the stable , he grab she -- and throw she -~ into the workshed which be full of rusted , abandon junk -- saw , harness for horse , but nothing the previous user want to take . marina land in a wooden chair , angry at the rough treatment , as bond take out he gun and start to check out the worksh . bond I do not expect any thanks for get you out of that abbotoir -- but I have appreciate it if you have stop run away from I . marina you be a dangerous man to be with , Mr. bond . thing have a tendency to explode around you . ( demand ) what do you want with I ? at the logging camp - the military vehicle pull up through the dirt road lead in , as a truck full of loggers pull out . the military vehicle track along the dirt road -- until it reach a wooden hangar -- where a couple of worker be put away the camp 's helicopter . 93 . in the workshed - bond and marina marina look furious and indignant -- bond be look at the junk , try to find something useful . bond you design the control code for Tempest ? ( she nod ) be there a destruct code as well as activation code ? marina nod again as bond get some old , run down wooden skiis down from the wall . bond slam a pair down next to she -- bond you can ski , I hope . marina ( right back ) only a little better than you can fly -- bond then we be go to the nearest phone -- and you be go to tell NATO how to shut Tempest down . marina pause just a beat . marina that be impossible . off bond 's look -- we go to -- { the logging helicopter - over the mountain the helicopter be fly by trevleyan 's pilot -- he be flanke by one of trevelyan 's assassin , who point out the window at a not-too-distant column of smoke from the plane wreckage . in the workshed - bond and marina as marina explain , bond realize this be not go to be as easy as he think -- marina the code be not a collection of number and letter -- they be build into a hard cryptography chip . one be in each of the three satelite -~ and the only other one be in the coding computer . ( beat ) without that chip -- there 's no way to communicate with the satelite . bond what about tracking the satelite themselves ? to shoot they down ? ' 94 . marina makvenio camoflage all of they -- one might transmit weather data , another might seem to be a surveillance satelite . and even if they could be track , they have defensive laser . bond look deflate . bond congratulation , I suppose . you and makvenio seem to have think of everything . except what happen when that thing detonate over a city . marina be stung by this -- and respond furiously -- marina as long as you be interrogate I , Mr. bond , I / 11 tell you precisely what happen when it 's fire at a city . ( hard ) in a millionth of a second -- all electrical power will cut out . the surge will start electrical fire in old building , petrol station -- anywhere that a spark can start a fire . backup generator in hospital will not work -- odd be they 'il explode instead . all engine will fail -- in a dense city , automobile traffic will instantly halt -- and all air traffic over the city will crash and explode . ( beat ) fire at the right target it will create a ring of fire one hundred mile wide . there be no pride , no accomplishment in this description -- as marina force herself through this , she 's near tear . she be clearly angry and ashamed at she role in create this device . marina they have I run computer simulation on every target , Mr. bond . the denser the city , the higher the kill probability . in Washington D.C. the projection be four hundred thousand . in London , six hundred thousand . in New York City it top a million bond realize how much she want to stop this thing -- and soften he stance a bit -- bond ( not a accusation ) why do you build it then ? 95 . marina ( bitter ) I suppose you become a killer for you government of you own choice , Mr. bond . mine do not give I the option . ( hard ) if you have come for I because you government want I to build another of the weapon -- then you may as well kill I now . bond pocket he gun -- bond that 's not why I be here . marina then what do you want ? bond the same thing you do . to make sure that Tempest be never fire . marina look at bond -- and finally believe he -- but the moment be break by the SOUND of a approach helicopter -- bond move over to a window -- and get he gun out -- bond get you skiis on -- marina clamp on the skiis as bond peer out a window -~ marina ( anxiously ) would not we be better off stay in here ? bond 's Pov out window ~ the approaching helicopter can be see on the other side of the stable -- the copter drop a ten foct pendulun from clamp that hold it underneath the helicopter -- it start ' swinging from a cable -- close on " pendulum " - four circular buzz saws be stack in a long tree-trimming gadget hold together with a wire mesh -- -- the saw fire to life , one by one , top to bottom , and be move toward the shack -- close on bond 's face as he turn to marina -- bond ( a understatement ) no . bond snatch up he skiis -- 96 . rear view of workshed - the helicopter move to the stable and the saw tear through they , one after the other , as if they be make of straw -- -- rotting plank fly everywhere as bond and marina burst out of the back of the shed , the saw right behind they -- helicopter Pov - bond and marina ski down the slope , toward a group of tree -- the helicopter keep pace with they , swinging the saw behind they -- -- and the gunner on the right side of the helicopter fire down at they -- on bond and marina skiing -- the bullet spray up the snow , between bond and marina -- bond be force by the line of fire to fork off , away from marina , into the tree -- -- marina hook around the tree and down the slope -- she can see bond be in trouble but can do nothing about it -- the helicopter hook in the same pattern as marina and the saw swing from the wire -- easily slashing through the tree , topping several of they -- on bond skiing through tree area -- severe tree top tumble in he way -- he swerve around they and be drive further from marina -- marina skiis down the slope and hook again -- this time go down a ste icy slo} that lead into the canyon 's floor -- it 's a long ribbon of ice , as solid , slippery and unforgive as a bobsle run -- high view of canyon - the helicopter make a hundred and eighty degree turn to follow marina -- we can see the canyon be at this point about forty foot deep and about twenty foot wide -- it serpentine across a steep slope , with jag rock formation everywhere ~- ~- the helicopter track with marina -- because the canyon be so narrow , at this point it fly level with the top -- but -- the dangling saws nudge right behind marina -- she 's bent over for speed , but the saw be gain -- she skiis past the wreckage of the plane ~- the saw demolish it without slow , and swing across the canyon , against the rock and ice with a ear-splitt whine -- 97 . the top of the canyon - bond have clear the tree -- but be well behind marina and the copter on the leave side of the canyon -- -~ bond skiis along the downhill slope of the canyon 's edge , bent over to accelerate and overtake the copter -- inside the canyon - the helicopter be right behind marina ski a serpentine along the ice -- but now the gunner be shoot at she -- if she get ahead of the copter , she 's a perfect target -~ if she drop she pace , she get shred -- behind she and the copter , on top of the canyon , we can see -- bond be catch up to , and overtake , the helicopter -- as the slope get steeper ~~ bond accelerate further and aim he skiis directly toward the edge -- apparently on a collision course with the helicopter -- but -- bond jump across the canyon just ahead of the helicopter -- and touch down smoothly on the slope 's opposite side -~ bond turn to maintain pace with the copter -- -- the gunner fire he machine gun level at bond -- snow kick up all around bond as he get out he pistol -- ~- the grade be still steep -- but the canyon get wider and deeper -- so -~ the helicopter arc down into the canyon to pace marina -- the saw slash just behind she , chew ice and spitting out rock -- as -- bond keep pace with the helicopter and divert he skiis down a path along the rock wall that run down on a angle into the canyon -- both bond and the helicopter be move down at the same angle and speed ~- -- the gunner aim he machine gun at bond -- and fire -- -- bullet kick up snow all around bond -- he take aim without slow down -- he fire twice -- the gunner be hit -- he slump and fall out the copter door -- -- and into the saw -- there 's no tell how many blade he hit on the way down , but he 's instantly reduce to a scarlet spray -- 98 . bond aim at the pilot -- but the gun click empty -- bond throw it away and look ahead -- bond 's Pov - the ridge he 's ski on be come to a abrupt , rocky end -- and bond be speed toward it at forty mile per hour -- as if thing could get worse -- ~- the helicopter edge over toward bond and lower -- the helicopter blade crowd bond and will soon decapitate he -- close on bond ~- who have nowhere to go but down -- ~- he skiis off the path and jump toward the helicopter -- bond reach out desperately , diving , and try to grab the helicopter 's skid -- close on bond 's hand which miss the skid -- bond be still fall -- high view on bond falling toward the saws still reach out -~- with one hand he grab onto the wire mesh that 's part of the saw 's central support -- bond catch on the wire mesh of the saws and he weight make the saw swing wildly -- bond 's grip be halfway down the saw -- close on bond he finger be maybe a inch ahead of the grinding saw -- and slip on the wire mesh , which be slick with blood -- -- the bottom see grind against the stone canyon wall -- as bond swing out of control on the see , he skiis impact against a see blade and be shred -- insert - at top of helicopter - the bolt hold the cable secure the saw pop halfway out -- front view down canyon - marina , bond and helicopter marina be still ski just ahead of the see blade -- bond steady he grip , but the see be still swinging like a pendulum -- and the helicopter blast ahead , swerving around obstacle in the rock wall -- inside the helicopter - the pilot look down -- he 's almost on marina -- he throttles the copter ahead faster -- and smile , because he can not lose -— 99 . high view - the canyon be come to a end soon -- or , to be more accurate , be get a hell of a lot deeper -- a fast approach vertical drop make it about a thousand foot deeper -- close on bond who have kick off what 's leave of he skiis and steady himself on the saw 's base -- he try to climb up the wire mesh -- he grip be fine but -- -- the wire panel _in bond 's grip tear loose -- bond nearly fall , but shoot a hand up to grab another wire panel further up -- bond look ahead -- bond 's Pov - down canyon marina be ski just ahead of the saw , serpentine around rock on the icy slope -- bond 's Pov move up to find a jag rock abutment stick out of bond 's side of the canyon -- bond climb up the wire to the top and brace he leg against the top of the saw , shove hard -- ~- the saw swing and steer the see and its cable toward the jag rock abutment -- close on bond 's feet which slip , and catch themselves , on the top of the saw 's base -- a inch off , and the next thing q 's make be a pair of prosthetics -- the helicopter pilot 's attention be focus on marina -- he do not notice the abutment until too late -- he pull the copter up -- but as he do -- bond leap clear of the saws to fall twenty foot toward the ice -- the wire catch on a groove in the rock like a aircraft carrier 's tripwire -- and it hold -- the helicopter -- and be yank to the side -- its rotor e =- the saws be yank by the impact up toward the rock abutment , catch on the wire -- ' 100 . the bolt hold the saw to the helicopter burst loose -- the saws fall toward bond on the ice -- bond just manage to hurl himself out of the way -- as -- the helicopter fall to the ice impact on its side and skid down the sloping ice -- the top be on fire -- -- and the whole thing be come down after marina -- -- she brake she skiis and flatten out against the canyon wall just as the helicopter skid past -- and -- the saws also race down the ice like a runaway luge -- all four of the saw still run -- inside the moving helicopter - the helicopter pilot be bloody but alive -- he look in one direction -- the end of the ice and a thousand foot drop be come up fast -- the pilot look in the other direction -- pilot Pov - the saws be come up even faster -- the saws overtake the helicopter and carve through it -- you have need thanks sound to separate the grinding from the scream as the tangle of wreckage simultaneously explode and shoot over the edge -- as -- inside the canyon - bond and marina a breathless marina reach bond -- who be batter from the fall -- and help he up . marina stare down the slope as some of the smaller bit of debris skid to a quiet halt . marina ( ashen ) my God -- be you all right ? bond yes -- ( lean on wall , wind ) -- but he certainly cut out of here ina hurry . CUT to : 101 . ext . mountaintop safehouse - long shot - night still -burn fire have leave the house nothing but a char husk -- several military helicopter have arrive , and a dozen russian soldier sift through wreckage . in one helicopter -- pushkin riffle through the same razore - empty Tempest technical file bond have earlier . pushkin grimly look to he aide as he run up with some char papers . pushkin how many ? aide there be at least eight body inside . ( hold up paper ) this be varoskaya 's interrogation -- she and bond know each other -- ( flip through ) -~ it look as if she and bond be work together on the assassination . pushkin can not avoid the same conclusion -- pushkin transmit to all civil authority . bond be to be capture . if he resist -- ( simply ) -~ he be to be kill . ext . train station in ural - night the train sound its whistle for the final time -- and pull away from the dingy station -- revealing , on a wooden bench , a pair of elderly pensioner who can not believe they luck -- they be wear bond and marina 's outer jacket . inside the train - bond and marina be in a private compartment -- both be now wear the pensioner 's tatter coat . this be not a luxury compartment -- t 's the typical sleeper train find in Russia , the only furnishings a small table and two shelflike bed on the wall . durable , but that 's the nicest thing you could say for it . bond be at the open door , speak in russian to the conductor -- who nod , and cast a friendly smile toward marina as he leave . bond lock the door , and turn to marina -- who pensively stand in front of the window as the train slowly start to move . the only illumination in here now come from the small Russian town as its light pass by . marina ( meaning the conductor ) what be that about ? 102 . bond I tell he we be eloping -- and we should not be disturb . marina ( flatly ) you make a excellent liar , Mr. bond . bond abruptly pull the shade down -- and move she away from the window -- bond and you make a excellent target , miss varoskaya . ( face marina ) we have only two day leave . can you build -- or modify -- another computer to control Tempest ? marina ( shake head hopelessly ) it take two year to design the first . marina look afraid now -- and vulnerable -- the enormity of the trouble she 's in be collapse in on she -- marina they be not go to stop -- be they ? ( look directly at bond ) not until I be dead . bond no . they be not . marina be near tear ~- and look out the window . bond take she shoulder in he hand and lock eye with she -- bond so we will stop they first . I promise , marina . but I need you help to do it . marina that be why you be keep I alive ? bond 's light smile be a invitation -- bond that 's the second reason . the ice be thawing -- marina 's face almost break into a smile that 's equally invite -- marina -~ and the first -- ? bond and marina stop for a instant -- unbreathe , unblink -- sexual tension be wind they together -- just before they face can start craning toward one another -- 103 . -- there 's a knock at the door . marina , rattle , move back against the bed -- bond tense and cross to the door -- bond ktoh_etoh ? conductor ( 0.s. ) ( through door ) wek : bond open the door -- to reveal the smile conductor stand there with a small bottle of vodka and jar of caviar . precious commodity on a train like this -- if ill-time one . conductor ( proudly present ) happy honeymoon . bond ( graciously accept ) it nearly be . spasseba . bond close and lock the door -- and turn to find marina sit on she slim bed . the mood be brighten -~ but she body language indicate the fragile moment be nonetheless break . bond opt not to push -- - sit on he bed -- and look out the window . bond good night , marina . marina ( softly ) good night , James . marina -- feel safe for the first time in day -- shut she eye -- exhaust -- and instantly find sleep -- as -- the train slice through the mountainous Russian countryside -- and we -- dissolve to : ext . train station in ural - twilight the place bond and marina start from -- but a pair of local ja show bond 's photo to a ticket agent -- and -- ext . ST . petersburg - train - dawn on the dark side of dawn , the train grind to a slower speed as it move through the city and near the station -- in the compartment - bond be sit up , awake -- he attention be focus across at 104 . marina light up by the blue twilight , fast asleep -- and still look beautiful in spite of the last twenty - four hour . bond allow himself a smile -- and look out the window , which be opaque with frost . bond wipe at the inside and look out -- bond 's Pov - through iced window through crack in the frost , bond can make out one militiaman -- then two -- then three -- move on the platform . in the compartment - bond shake marina -- bond marina -- wake up -- we have get to get off the train -- on the platform - the militia be out in full force -- at least a dozen show up , rifle out -- toward the rear of the train - bond and marina jump out of a side compartment : door as the slow - move , brakin train head into the station . bond lead marina behind the train so the militiamen on the platform can not see they -- -- and as the train come to a complete stop , bond lead marina along the side edge of the raise concrete platform , hide from the militiamen 's view . they move out toward the street of St. Petersburg -- but as they round the corner of the concrete platform -- a militiaman step from behind it -- the double click of a automatic slide inform bond he 's there before the harsh voice do -~ militiaman octahobka ! the militiaman jam the barrel into bond 's spine . with no option , bond put he hand on he head -- as do marina -- and he start to walk toward the opposite end of the station platform . but the militiaman insistently shove bond in another direction , away from the other militiamen -- militiaman ata bleezka -- 105 . bond 's face register realization -- if he 's not be lead to the militia , he 's be lead toward trevelyan -- -- as bond and marina pass the edge of the concrete , walk through cobblestone , bond " stumble " -- shove marina out of the way -- and with a lightning stroke of he arm , reach behind to grab the militiaman 's gunhand and pull he forward to disarm he -- -- bond throw he against the front edge of the concrete platform and be about to put out the light -- when -- romaly ( 0.s. ) ( insistent ) please do not hit he , James -- bond turn around to face the street -- romaly be anxiously stand next to a silver roll royce limousine . romaly -- as it stand , I already owe he a very large favor . ( impatient ) now get into the car before you attract the attention of a militiaman I be not related to . bond and marina head for the back seat . bond thanks for the lift , romaly -- ( meaning car ) -- pity you could not find something inconspicuous . inside the roll - as it pull into traffic and drive through into the heart of St. Petersburg 's busy network of bridge and canal that lead to the neva River -- waterway that at the moment be solid ice . romaly here , this be inconspicuous . last year , they sell more of this in St. Petersburg alone than in England . bond how do you find we ? romaly ( snort ) you be joke -- such a swath of destruction have not be cut through Russia since the invasion of napoleon . ( more ) 106 . romaly ( cont / d ) ( beat ) I hope you be now ready to leave the country -- while some of it yet remain -~ bond I be -- but first -- bond withdraw the small ivory object we see he take from makvenio 's briefcase earlier . bond -~- I need to pay a visit to a nearby bank . ext . nevsky prospekt - day the busy heart of St. Petersburg 's grow financial district , crowded with foot traffic , car and streetcar . it 's also the home of St. Petersburg 's best shop , restaurant , business -- and bank . capitalism have definitely arrive . so have bond and marina who climb the wide step up from the street , toward the biggest bank here -- from they new clothes , we can see they have give her majesty 's credit card a thrashing at the local store . bond withdraw the ivory object as he and marina enter the kronstadt bank which be as palatial as any of the best bank the West have to offer . bond and marina move through the crowded lobby to the teller 's window -- marina ( low ) what be that thing ? bond it 's call a " chop " . sort of a coding device -- but a bit more low - tech than the one you use to make . ( beat ) the chinese develop they century ago -- and certain bank still use they for they client who want to hide a great deal of money -- and they identity -- at the same time . ( smile ) Works quite well -- right up to the point when someone else get he hand on it . as they reach a teller 's window , bond stamp the chop 's intricate design end against a piece of paper , leave a imprint -- and push that across the window to the teller . 107 . bond I have like access to my safety deposit box , please . in a rear bank hallway — a moment later bond and marina walk past , and into , vault gate -- the officious teller walk several step ahead . the teller stop at a certain box , and take out she key -- teller you key , please . unfaze , bond twist the chop -- it unscrew into two halve -- and take the key out . bond and the teller turn the twin cylinder simultaneously -- and a moment later - in a privacy cubicle - the deposit BOX be on the table . bond pop it open -- and the only thing inside be a small leather folder with a globe , and the name " geocom " stamp on the front . bond open this -- and inside it be a single , three - inch , 1.44 megabyte computer diskette . bond eye it quizzically -- bond think out loud ) people hide million in this account -- and makvenio 's keep a computer diskette here instead -- meanwhile -- upstair in the bank - in a sealed room that 's full of up - to- the-minute banking computer register wire transaction -- only one man be work -- it 's -- jordan -- who we see earlier have dinner with trevelyan -- he 's work at he desk , type at a computer terminal . a window tell we this room be F the bank 's top floor . Jordan 's harry appearance tell we he 's be busy for some time . but he satisfied look tell we that he 's do as he tap a final key -- on the computer screen the message appear : recoding sequence complete system on line Jordan shut off the computer -- and step away from he desk , satisfied . the job 's do . but as he pass a sextet of surveillance monitor , Jordan 's look of contentment vanish like a morning haze -- 108 . on one black and white surveillance screen - bond be visible , walk out through the corridor lead from the safety deposit box vault . jordan realize what this mean -- he grab a qun from he desk , shove it into he jacket and run out the door , toward the side stair of the main hallway -- as -- by the teller 's desk - bond and marina be show out -- the teller open the gate for they -- they calmly walk out into the lobby -- as -~- further back in the bank 's MAIN level - jordan hit the bottom of the stair run , breathless , look down -- jordan 's Pov ~- bond and marina be nearly at the bank 's outer door -- jordan run through the lobby through the crowd , to the outer door -- outside the bank and down the stair - jordan burst into the street , frantically look up and down nevsky prospekt -- -- but bond and marina be go , vanish into the busy street . the camera crowd into Jordan 's face -- because he know he fate -- there be the SOUND of a gunshot over the -- smas ) 'o : trevelyan 's office - low angle - trevelyan lower he smoking gun against the leather desk -- we view of he be suddenly obscure as -~ -- the lifeless form of Jordan topple to the ground , he blank face hit the floor and fill the screen with a bone - on - marble thunk . a black high heele shoe gently tip the corpse off its side and onto its back -- as we go to a ~- higher angle - trevelyan and xenia xenia , unconcern , step away from the body -- and the blood pool on the tile . trevelyan have lose none of he certitude of victory -- but he be definitely , at minimum , annoyed . 109 . xenia chance be extremely slim that bond will figure it out . ( beat ) and slimmer still that he will stop we . trevelyan do not underestimate he . bond have a appall success rate with infinitesmal chance . ( sharp ) find he -- and cut they back to Zero. cur to : ext . palace square / hermitage - high angle ~— sunset the set sun only enhance this spectacular sight -- on one side be the yellow arch of General staff Building -- across the snow - carpete square be the massive state museum of the hermitage , which now have a group of classical musician on the step play tchaikovsky . scatter throughout the square be a huge crowd , many of whom be wear romanov era period costume , as part of a festival celebrate the era with music and firework . royalty , so long forbidden in Russia , be now back in style . we ’1ll note too that there be no shortage of people on horseback -- both festival goer and the occasional militiaman . in the middle of it all be bond and marina who sit at the base of the Alexander column -- a statue atop a huge spire in the square 's center -- wait , as forty foot away , we can see romaly approach through the milling crowd . unfortunately -- someone elsexs telescopic Pov be on romaly and it click in as romaly reach bond and marina -- we go back to a ordinary Pov of -- the alexander column - bond and romaly romaly hand bond several papers as the festival crowd circulate around they . romaly follow this direction to toksovo -- ( bond glance at they ) -- and you will find a krg - 33 that a friend of mine have liberated from the old kharofskav airfield . bond smile at romaly 's resourcefulness -- marina wince -- 110 . marina my first job be in Air Defense Directorate -- that plane be a terrible design -- romaly -- but a excellent price . where else but Russia can you buy a military plane for two thousand dollar and a case of american bourbon ? ( back to business ) I have check on that name -- geocom be a new firm , establish eighteen month ago to take satelite photograph for petroleum and mining company . bond that 's a perfect cover -- trevelyan would have all the equipment he need to activate Tempest . where be it base ? romaly a small island in the Carribbean call St. latrelle . ( beat ) there be something puzzle , though , James . you say trevelyan will fire the weapon tomorrow -- ( bond nod ) -- but London report that no threat -- no blackmail demand -- no communication of any kind have be make , on any frequency , to any government . bond look perplex -- this do not fit the usual pattern -- but he attention be draw to the side -- bond 's Pov - several militiamen be shove through the festival crowd toward bond 's position -- the Pov shift to reveal at least a_ dozen more be come from other direction -- as one make eye contact with bond , he shout in Russian and they start move faster bond turn to romaly and marina -- bond ( terse ) it 's I they be after -- lose yourselves in the crowd -- marina and romaly hesitate -- bond angrily snap at romaly -- bond for God 's sake , get she out of here ! romaly pull marina toward the hermitage , deftly zig -zagging through the festival crowd ~~ 111 . high on palace square - bo ) uns . ostt : ction toward the archway -- the olive - garbe militiamen cut through the more colorfully dress crowd toward bond -- -~ and finally bond be grab by three militiamen , as -- in owd = ro ! y and na slice through quickly -- romaly skillfully cut off a pursue militiaman by knock a faux " noble " to the ground , cause a pedestrian pileup -- -- they serpentine through the crowd -- and pass the step of the hermitage -- almost unnotice -- ~~ almost -- on the hermitage step - xenia and savatier see romaly and marina -- without a word to each other , they separate and begin to take a parallel path in the street , through the crowd -- as xenia start out she casually remove a pair of hoop earring -- in the general staff build archway - bond be drag into the dome passage by the militiamen to face -- -- a grim pushkin . pushkin we have a surveillance team tracking you accomplice -- kosygyn . do not worry , 007 . soon he and the woman will join we -- ( beat ) -- and we will all have a lengthy conversation about so many thing . on a side STREET - NORTH of the hermitage - romaly and marina be quickly move through the crowd , close to the building , in the direction of the neva 's riverbank -- night have now fall completely -- moving parallel across the STREET - savatier keep he full focus on romaly and marina , slice through the crowd effortlessly , with no push , no run , nothing that would draw attention -- as he pull a plastic shopping bag out of a coat pocket , he stride quickly to pass the position of marina and romaly -- and he move behind a column -- -- where he inobtrusively pull out a automatic pistol -- with a silencer and a laser sight -- assume a natural position , lean on the column , savatier put the gun in the bag -- through a hole he can aim across the street -- 112 . savatier 's Pov - romaly and marina move briskly but be not run -- romaly do not want to draw attention either -- they do not notice the red spot of the laser sight tracking behind they -- savatier calmly , imperceptibly , move he hand -- there be nothing suspicious about he appearance , nothing to alert any of the festival crowd -- tight on romaly and marina - the laser move behind they head -- illuminate the wall , scatter light on glass -- and overtake they -- -- the laser sight rest on marina 's temple -- and hold steady -- savatier 's finger tighten on the trigger -- tight on romaly and marina as romaly 's attention finally be catch by the laser sight -- know what it be , he grab she and shove she away as ~- savatier squeeze the trigger twice -- the only evidence be the muffle pfft - pfft -- the effect be -- romaly be hit twice in the back ~- he coat tear open from the bullet 's entry -- he fall to the ground -- -- marina scream -- and see -~ -- savatier run across the street to finish the job , shove through the crowd , with no pretense of secrecy leave -- -- romaly look up at marina , who be freeze with fear -- romaly ( weak ) run -- ( shout now ) bezhat ! marina snap out of it and run , down the bank of the neva -- -- as savatier reach romaly -- and pause -- aim down he gun -- the spot be on the bridge of romaly 's nose -- he look up and spit out a unmistakably foul Russian curse -- 113 . romaly 's Pov of savatier stand over he , remorseless -- all romaly be to he be unfinish work -- blank - face , he pull the trigger as -- iside staff ing '¥ - bond be be drag at gunpoint by the militiamen -- they be now well inside the public tunnel - like passage way as festival goer move past they . pushkin walk alongside bond -- he seem almost disappointed in he -- pushkin assassinate we scientist be needless , 007 -- the weapon have be destroy -- bond ( angry ) have it ? do you find even a scrap of the control computer when you comb through the severnaya wreckage ? pushkin 's badly conjure poker face answer " no " -- bond ( urgent ) General -- I know you can not deactivate the weapon . the only person alive who can be that woman , and if I do not get she to the control computer in the next twenty - four hour , the Tempest be go to be fire . ( beat ) possibly against a Russian target . as pushkin chew on that , bond drive it home , desperate to convince he -- bond -- and if you Tempest be use against a western city tomorrow -- how much longer do you think peace will last ? pushkin show little sign of concession -~- but he be think about it -- even as he aide butt in -- aide ( contemptuous ) he be obviously lie , General -- as the aide cite bond 's sin , bond 's attention be draw ahead in the curving archway -- bond' Pov ~ a " royal coach " be slowly trot in they direction -- with two attendant costume " guardsman " on they own horse -- 114 . on bond who consider this -- he have two militiamen at he back -- and other surround he -- in order to let the coach pass through , the other move to the side -- as the coach and the guardsman 's horse be close -- ~~ bond savagely sweep a elbow back into a militiaman 's jaw , put he out -- the second militiaman instantly aim he pistol at bond , but bond grab he gqgunhand -- a shot be fire up into the ceiling -- the instant it 's fire -- -- all of the horse , terrify at the noise , rear up -- the guardsman be throw off they horse , tumble into colorfully garbe heaps on the concrete -- the militiamen , endangered in the enclose space , back up in disarray -- -- bond charge past the rear coach horse -~ and leap onto a riderless guard horse -- bond rein the horse down and away , kick the horse so that it tear away at full gallop down through the arch tunnel -- -- the militiamen who be not ducking coach horse kick be block from shoot at bond by the coach itself -- due to the arch tunnel 's curvature , bond be nearly out of range -- but -- pushkin 's aide manage to get clear -- he draw a gun and aim it at bond -- he have a perfect shot -- ~- which be spoiled when pushkin knock he arm up toward the ceiling -- bond manage to get out of range , round the tunnel 's curve -- the aide , astonished , angere , turn to pushkin whose troubled face show he be not sure he can believe bond -- but he can not afford to take the chance that it be not true . behind pushkin , militiamen be shouting into radio -- as -- high shot of palace square - bond on horseback streak through the square , parting the crowd ahead of he -- as the first set of firework boom out of the hermitage and bloom over the neva River -- near the neva 's bank - the summer garden be a sprawling , gorgeous park , now blankete with snow -~ aside from dozen of classical statue , no one be here -- except ~- a terrified marina -- light for the moment by the fade firework blast above -- she run in from the street , through a central trail , and down a side trail -- 115 . savatier be run not far behind -- it seem one stride of he equal two of hers -- he follow she trail in the snow -- near the hermitage - bond on horseback bond halt he full gallop when he see a crowd gather around someone -- we can see the crowd , obscure the view -- we can see the snow -- we can see the blood -- and we can see -- bond 's expression when he see what 's leave of romaly -- anguish , furious , he spur the horse on , toward the summer Garden -- as -- tg ! on mar : as she desperately stumble through the summer Garden , try to weave through the thick tree and statue in the darkness -- on savatier who be behind she -- calm and confident -- by use statue as visual marker , we can see he 's very near marina , follow the trail in the snow -~- until he stop -- and look down -- -- the snow -- and the trail -- end in a stone clear that lead to another trail . savatier consider for a moment -- and decide to move down that clear and the trail it lead to -- watch he vanish be a= no ni ' as and do she best to keep she heavy breathe silent -- as she hear the sound of savatier 's step move away , she turn to leave , backtrack -- as she pass a statue , another firework display brighten the sky -- -- illuminate , behind marina , xenia -- she hook the hoop earring together and draw out a wire -- now a perfect garrotte that be wrap around marina 's neck as the firework , and the light , die out -- at the summer garden entrance ~ bond show up on horseback -- he have no idea where to go in this maze ~- we can see as he enter that he 's spurring the horse in the wrong direction -- as -- xenia throttles marina -- marina struggle and clutches at the wire , but xenia be far stronger and be not even work up a sweat -~ in marina 's thrashing she kick at a statue -- the crack be hear by 116 . bond who turn the horse around -- and gallop at full _ speed , dodging through the statue and tree -- jump over a bench -- leaping over a stone wall -- until he see -- bond 's Pov ~- xenia strangling marina beyond another stone wall -- the horse leap the wall -- and -- bond leap off the horse -- diving straight for xenia -- bond knock xenia off marina -- xenia get back up instantly -- -- as marina slump to the ground , limp and unconscious -- -- nearby , xenia pull out a gun -- bond lash out , knock the gun out of she hand and away -- -- but it 's the last good shot he get -- xenia pivot to powerfully kick bond in the head -- and apply a leverage hold to slam bond against the stone wall with a powerful thud -- and with another kick to bond 's sternum , she knock he totally breathless -- stunne at the relentless assault , bond can not move -- -- xenia move closer to bond -- flushed , breathe a little faster from the exertion -- xenia ( mock she earlier tone ) please , James -~ will not you kill I one more way ? xenia rip open bond 's jacket -- and with both hand , pin bond against the stone wall -- apply the pressure point over bond 's /s heart to induce a heart attack -- -- bond be in agony -- and be too weaken to fight back -- xenia be get a physical thrill from this -- kill man be better than sex -- she press harder against bond 's chest -~ -- but she eye close in pain with the SOUND of one gunshot -- she grip relax , and she have just enough time to look surprised when the impact of the second gunshot knock she away from bond -- she fall to the snow , dead -- -- bond turn to see marina weak , but alive , hold xenia 's smoking gun in tremble and -~ 117 . -- bond move over to she , regain he breath , glad to be alive -- more than that -- thrilled that marina be alive -- bond help she up -- unaware that nearby -- vat have hear the gunshot and be run back through the summer garden toward the source -- and elsewhere -- outside the summer garden in the STREET - militiamen be racing toward the park -- there be several car -- and at least a half a dozen man on horseback -- in the summer garden ~ savatier have he gun out and run toward the source of the shot down a main path -- but from the side , the sound of gallop come just a instant too late to warn he -- he whirl around as -~ bond and marina on the horse leap over a stone wall on a side path ~~ the horse 's front leg kick savatier and knock he to the ground -- -- bond turn the horse to run down the main path and away -- bond look like he 's back in form -- but marina , cling to he back , look extremely weak -- -- savatier take just a second to recover ~- he aim the automatic pistol down after bond and empty the clip -- a dozen rapid silenced shot chase bond and marina racing down the path as the bullet splinter tree branch and shatter part of statue around they -- finally -- -- bond steer the horse at full speed out onto a side street ~- but there 's no relief here -- bond 's Pov - six militiamen on horseback be on a direct collision course down this street -- bond about - face the horse and race up the street -- front view on bond and marina as bond 's horse run up the street -- the militiamen behind they start fire at they -- but they be near -- 118 . the step to a massive cathedral -- bond steer the horse up the step to the cathedral -- which have a huge , elaborate grouping of stone neoclassic column -- fifty foot high , irregularly place , close together , that go on for at least two hundred yard -~- bond kick the horse for more speed -- and tear into the column -- bond 's Pov - 8w : ig ou : dodging leave , then right , at top speed -- the darkness keep they hide until it 's almost too late to cut away -- behind -- the militiamen be not faring so well -- several be throw by they horse who refuse to run this weird course -- several more manage to go after bond but can not maintain he pace -- side view of bond through column bond swerve leave and right , racing through -- the militiamen who have stay the course be get the hang of it -- and be catch up -- bond 's Pov - the end of the column come up fast -- but bond will not give this horse a break , push it full speed down the opposite step -- -- and reach a side street with a freeze canal -- bond race the horse down the street , alongside the canal and toward the neva -- the horseman still behind he -~ however -- front view of bond as he push the horse harder still -- what he see ahead do not please he -- bond be Pov - a pair of militia car -- be ling off ide street in effectively box he in -- high angle - bond pinned between horse behind , car ahead as the militia car approach -- and the horse behind speed up -- bond do not let up -- he race toward the approach car until a collision seem imminent -- at the last possible second -- -~ bond abruptly veer the horse toward the canal 's wall -- down a set of cut concrete step -- and onto the freeze canal itself -- on the STREET - the militia car collide as they brake and skid to try to avoid run over the horse ~- the militia on horseback have similar trouble , rear up they horse to avoid impact -- meanwhile -- 119 . bond spur on the horse down the iced canal -- there 's no sign of he slow down -- bond and marina crouch down to go through a low bridge on the bank of the neva -- close on the ice which seem just solid enough -- with each slam from a hoof , there be the sound of a crack in the ice -- the militiamen be agog and can do nothing but stare -- bond be already out of shoot range -- and none of this guy want bond badly enough to test the ice any further than bond be -- militiamen Pov - long shot of bond on the neva as another firework display light up the sky with a boom -- bond and marina ride out from under the bridge -- and gallop across the distant darkness of the neva -- until -- at the opposite bank of the neva - bond and marina reach the shore -- the horse slow down to a trot -- but marina , weaken , be groggy and slip off . bond quickly , smoothly dismount -- and pick she up , take she off the horse and lean she against a tree on the riverbank . bond take she face in he hand -- and look at she , check she neck -- it 's bruise from the garrotte -- bond marina ~- be you hurt ? marina revive -- lightly shake she head " no " -- and put she hand over the tear in bond 's shirt -- they breathe be still quickened , but no longer because of the danger -- marina ( weakly ) I think -~ you be -- bond stop she -- tilting up she face , he go in for a light taste of a kiss -- then a stronger one -~ and as she throw she arm around he they go into a kiss that will last for the rest of the night . another firework burst over the Russian sky -- and we -- CUT to : ext . outer space - tempest two be tracking through space silently -- beneath it , a world full of target wait . meanwhile -- at -- 120 . int . NATO communications / control CENTER - day this be NATO 's center for control they offensive and defensive space system -- and tracking that of the opposition . to that end , a giant screen on one wall have a computer - generate -- with a number of i pinpoint at different position on it and move above the " earth " . right now the place be crowded with technician and activity -- we go to -- a computer terminal where a technician be busily work on a screen -- but not fast enough to suit q , who hover over he -- q ( exasperate ) no no no -- ( take over , hit key ) -- like that . do you see ? as q , disgust , sit down to completely take over the analyst 's work station , m walk over with a american counterpart , orbach . m status , q? q we have analyze all foreign satelite and they transmission to try to find what mean of camoflage be be use . first by start with debris of a certain size jettison by spacecraft in the past -- q hit a few key -- eliminate many of the red dot on the global screen -- q -- then satelite that seem to have a overlap or redundant purpose -- '' hit the screen again -- leave only two dot move at different point on the global display -- q -- finally narrowing it down to this two -- which have be broadcasting data in hundred - hour loop -- but they keep repeat the same data randomly . ( conclude ) so randomly that it 's obviously by design . another technician at the next terminal turn to orbach -- technician ( to orbach ) we have dispatch asat to track both of they -- await you go code -- 121 . orbach ( smug ) then go -- they all move to another pair of terminal -- orbach clap a hand on m 's back -~ orbach remember the old day ? when we actually have to worry about this shit ? ( beat ) we hunter - killer be equip with laser -- this bastard 's 1l never even see ‘em come -- in_outer space - a hunter -killer anti - satelite weapon fire a jet of compress gas to steer it upward , into position , toward the Tempest two -- as -- in_another part of outer space - another asat weapon move downward like a bird of prey toward the Tempest Three -- N to CO ! dp cc - at asat terminal there be two television screen that come to life -- in effect , the " gun camera " of the asat , with a perfect view of the downward and upward approach toward the Tempest weapon -- ~~ the asat control be be deftly work by the technician -- as m , q and orbach watch with different degree of fascination and anxiety ~- they do not see that in_outer space - close on tempest two have a automated sensor system that activate with a winking red light -- a second later -- ~~ the Tempest two silently fire up a metal ball -- and begin to move away -- in_n : 0 = asat inal ; can-do confidence quickly revert to confusion -- technician . # 1 -- it 's fire something -- in_quter space - the metal ball be a cluster bomb -- it suddenly blast apart in a single silent explosion that rain disable shrapnel on the asat , shredd it -- it 's now totally inoperable -~ in_n . CO ! er panic be the watchword -- ad lib like " what the fuck be that ? " be fly as that asat screen blank out -- 122. -- and we find we way to another intense technician , who 's watch the active asat screen ~- in_outer space - tempest three react with similar mechanical aplomb as the asat move in from above -- it jettison a half dozen domino size object -- in_nato command CENTER - the technician be try to do something -- orbach be apoplectic -- orbach -~ evade -- evade -- technician # 2 ( panicked ) -- ica not -- . in outer space ~ the asat try to move away -- but the dominos be obviously magnetic and move with it -- accelerate toward it until they to and silently explode , blast the asat to dust -- nat D - at asat terminal there be stunne silence as the second asat " gun camera " screen burst into blank static . orbach look as though he just play a five hundred million dollar video game and lose . orbach well , gentleman -- grab some seat -- make yourselves comfortable -- and start make bet on where that thing be go to be fire -- ( beat ) -- it look like all we be go to be able to do be watch . CUT to : ext . bond 's plane - above carribbean island - day it 's morning -- the plane , a long distance observer model , look weathered but be hang together as it fly low above a string of island that form a dot line across the water -- inside the cockpit - marina be seat next to bond -- she 's intently work on a laptop computer , as bond look down at the island as they pass by underneath -- they be work definititon of the term " flyspeck island " -- small , low - to - no technology , not even much in the way of population -- we cut back to -- 123 . ina 's ' E ! cc : which be a sea of scrolling number -- right now , the display show a series of mathematical computation that move down the screen in a speedy blur . what 's happen be that sixteen digit numeral grouping on the leave side of the screen be be convert into many more numeral grouping on the right side . this may not make sense to you , but it 's ringing some bell for marina whose face show she recognize the type of program , if not the utilization . marina makvenio 's create some kind of intercept cipher . we use to use they on american frequency to -- bond ~- intercept a code transmission and redirect it to the frequency of you choice . ( smile ) we still use they in all sort of place . marina keep punch key , try to make some sense of it -~- marina but this one be unusual . instead of redirecting a single code message to a single receptor -- it redirect its code message in eight direction . or four . or fourteen . or thirty . there 's no consistency to it . bond motion ahead -- bond there it be -- Pov out cockpit window - the island bond ( 0.s . ) -- St. latrelle . this be the large of the island -- it 's cover with thick vegetation and ringed by a jungle of massive , seventy foot tree . further in toward the center , we can see the island seem to be honeycombed with cave -- the mouth of cavern can be see in the side of mountain and on the island floor itself . the most remarkable thing about the island , however , be the " geocom " complex , ringed by guard and barb wire fence . probably a bit too much security for a installation like this . its centerpiece be a gigantic radio dish antenna that 's sink into the island . 124 . a pair of bridge that house broadcast equipment criss -cross the dish -- perhaps six hundred foot across -~ and from the intersection of the bridge to the bottom of the curve dish be a drop of at least five hundred foot . inside the plane - bond and marina stare down at the complex -- marina seem a bit more impressed than bond -~- marina with a antenna that size , he can broadcast a signal to the Tempest satelite on a long waveform frequency -- bond -~- instead of a short direct burst . NATO will not be look for that . so both the satelite and the signal station be camoflage . it 's brilliant -- bond 's grim admiration be cut short by a sudden burst of machine gun fire tear through the bottom of the right side of the cockpit -- as marina scream and move back , bond veer the plane leave and away -- in time to see -- a sleek military fighter helicopter whirring up into view -- the copter , with no rear rotor , be design specifically for manueverability -- a feature it show off by zoom straight up out of the mountain to pull level with bond 's plane , then pull a ninety - degree turn on a dime to face bond 's cockpit -- on bond the helicopter be directly ahead -- bond hit a overhead toggle switch and punch a button on the control panel label " front machine gun " -- he 's reward with nothing but a shower of spark from the panel -- -- and a hail of bullet from the helicopter -- -- bond sharply steer away , diving toward a group of mountain -- the helicopter right behind -- bond ( exasperate ) -- who build this bloody plane ? -- marina Air Defense collective nine -- in minsk -- ( as more SPARKS fire ) -- we lose more pilot in training exercise than in entire afghan war -- bond 's plane dive low over a set of mountain and he problem multiply -- 125 . three more attack helicopter shoot up vertically from the mountain -- behind , to the leave , and to the right -- and join the pursuit , fly in formation all around bond 's plane -- -~- as one copter fire a side - mount air- to- air missile -- bond dodge -- the missile just miss he wing and blast against the ground -- inside one of the copter - the gunner focus he target system on bond 's plane -- finger about to hit the red button -- bond take the plane into a steep dive toward the dish -- as two copter follow bond and two fall back , bond fly -- into the dish and under the bridge - bond 's plane follow the curvature of the dish as closely as possible -- it 's a temporary refuge , as they can not fire at he here ~- and he fly a tight spiral halfway down the dish -- as -- on the dish 's intersecting bridge - armed guard who be unlucky enough to be on the bridge fire machine gun at bond 's plane -- but the plane be move too fast -- wide view on dish - as the plane and copter circle -- one copter pull out -- the playground be too crowded -- but the other one ha irectly beh bond ! lane as it circle around the inside of the dish -- bond struggle with the plane 's lousy control -~ and see ahead -- bond 's Pov - on the dish 's intersecting bridge - a guard have move to a better position and be ready to shoot -- bond desperately pull back on the rattling stick -- and the plane blast over the bridge and out of the dish as the guard fire at it -- unfortunately , as the copter be right behind bond 's plane -- -- some of the guard 's machine gun fire chews the copter 's tail -- and -- 126 . the copter goe out of control as it try to rise out of the dish -- it collide with the lip of the dish and explode , cartwheel up and over the edge -— bond 's plane get no break whatsoever -- the other three helicopter eagerly move in again , leave , right and rear , as bond clear the dish -- inside the plane - bond and marina be surround by bullet that tear up the fuselage ina three - way crossf iyr — _ inside one of the helicopter - a gunner fire down a air- to- air missile toward bond 's plane -- bond 's plane dodge as the missile streak past he wing to impact with the ground -- -- the three helicopter now have bond effectively trap -- he can not go up , leave or right -- and they be drive he toward a grouping of mountain -- close on bond as he look ahead for any avenue of escape -- bond 's Pov - the mouth of a huge cavern be build into the slab of mountain rock that he 's be drive toward -~ it look just big enough for a plane , if you be a psycho -- or as desperate as bond who focus entirely on the hole , even as bullet continue to tear up the fuselage -- he steer away from he escort helicopter -- and as marina shriek -- outer view - the plane fly into the mouth of the cavern with a few foot clearance _on_each wingtip -- the leave and right attack helicopter shear off , straight up the wall -- he the rear attack copter remain on bond 's six , follow n-- bond struggle with the miserable control as marina struggle with she breathe -- 127 . bond be Pov - the cavern angle upward at a forty - five degree angle -~ and it 's not get wider -- it be , however , shifting the angle of its width -- bond have to delicately tilt the the plane leave , then right , to keep the wing from impact against the cavern side -- and for all of this -- the plane fuselage be still be rip up by rapid twin machine gun fire from behind -- behind bond' plane - the helicopter be pull quite a stunt itself , but as it 's smaller , be have a easier time than bond -- the gunner keep fire at bond 's tail -- in retrospect , maybe this be not the best idea bond 's ever have -- but -- in bond 's cockpit - bond see light at the end of the cavernous tunnel -- and he reach to the upper control panel to pull _a handle -- it do not work -- bond savagely yank it down again -- over the wing of bond 's plane - a mist flow over the top as a row of narrow vent open on the front of each wing -- in the trailing helicopter - cockpit Pov a cloud in bond 's trail , fill the cavern , be head fast for the helicopter -- the pilot , panicked , know what this be -- pilot -- no -- stop shoot -~ but the gunner keep firing as they head into the cloud -- close on helicopter 's front machine gun - the FIRE ignites the cloud -- and -- the helicopter be engulfed in a explosion view outside mountain - bond 's plane burst from the cavern as the explosion and gaseous trail of fire follow he out -- almost reach he wing as he outdistance it -- in the cockpit - bond reach up and push the handle back in -- as he hand move away we see it 's label " fuel dump " -- 128 . outer view - bond 's plane pull up sharply -- but be attack by the two remain helicopter , raining machine gun fire on the wing -- bond struggle with the stick -- but there 's no lift -- he look out -- bond' Pov out cockpit - the wing be on now on fire -- and the flap be blow loose -~ bond 's Pov shift out the front windshield -- -- h t 's we for no -- in the cockpit - bond get out of the seat quickly -- and open the storage compartment behind the seat -- inside be -- -- one parachute -- -- bond look at marina -- take the parachute -- and strap it on himself -- as he pull on the last buckle -- marina ( desperate ) what be you do ? through the front cockpit window , we can see the helicopter have fire a air- to- air missile -- dead on target -- -- as bond grab marina -- and run the last parachute strap through she belt , lash they together -- bond hope the workmanship be better at people 's parachute Factory six -~ -- bond pull the release latch over the door -- overview of plane - bond and marina hurl themselves out the door , tumble together into space as the missile hit the plane and explode -- -- blast the entire plane into debris that shoot around -- bond and marina - falling bond move over marina to shield she from the smaller , flame debris that 's everywhere -- they be also not too far from the partially - intact , wingless fuselage of the plane that 's go down ahead of they like a flame missile -- bond look up -~ 129 . bond be Pov - the helicopter be , menacingly , not give chase -- they be keep they distance -- because when bond pull the ripcord , he 's dead meat -- bond 's Pov shift down -- -- to the ground far below -- jungle foliage , mountain -- and some distance away , the mouth of a deep vertical cavern -- on bond 's face as he decide -- it 's they only chance -- overview of bond and marina fall behind the streaking , smoking fuselage -- bond stabilize the fall , flatten out -- he be aim they body toward the mouth of the cavern -~ as ~- in one helicopter - the pilot see this and realize what bond 's up to -- close on marina as she look down , terrify -- this be not the best way to do you first jump -- she look up , over bond 's shoulder -- and be not cheer -- marina 's Pov - the helicopter be come down fast on they six -- and fire twin machine gun _at they -- overview - bond and marina , helicopter , and fuselage be in a race to the ground -- the fuselage be a second away from impact -- -- bond and marina be not far behind , in the trail of smoke from the fuselage -- and about twenty yard behind they -- the helicopter be match they angle of descent perfectly -- bond 's Pov - the ground be come up fast -- there be only second to go -~ but there be still bullet blaze all around they -- bond roll over so he be underneath marina -- and draw out he gun , firing up e 0 ) 's ck ) -~ as , underneath he -- the plane fuselage impact against the ground with a blast of smoke and metal -- 130 . helicopter cockpit Pov - through the smoke - bond be firing up as the copter be firing down -- one of bond 's shot go di d teri t 's ) crack -- another apparently hit the control panel , because it 's sparking like crazy -- overview - through the smoke - the helicopter take a nose dive toward the flame fuselage wreckage -- as bond and marina barely clear the lip of the hole and fall into the unknown -- as the helicopter impact against the fuselage and the result tangle of flame wreckage roll and skid war e ed for th le -- as inside the hole - bond and marina tumble -- they can not see the bottom -- they can not see the top -~ bond pull the ripcord -- and the chute 's canopy open -- and hold -- ~~ bond and marina spiral , rapidly corkscrew down the hole , definitely not out of danger -- the chute could snag on the rock or they could be crush against the wall -- on the edge - the fuselage / copter wreckage smash to the lip -- and very precariously dangle there -- as rock support it start to crumble underneath -- as -- bond and marina spiral down -~ and small fall rock prompt bond to look up -- bond be Pov - around chute canopy bond 's view be block by the chute 's canopy -- as they spiral around once , bond can see , high above , the flame wreckage perch on the edge -- -~ as the next turn block he view , there be the rumbling SOUND of rock collapse -- when the canopy clear -- -- bond see ton of flame wreckage fall into the hole -- bond desperately look down -- bond 's Pov - through the darkness - st ve . be twenty foot below -- and on the opposite side of the hole -- 131 . bond roughly steer the parachute toward the cavern 's mouth -- and just under the fall wreckage -- shoot into the side cavern as two ton of flame steel plummet past the hole like a meteorite -- -- they speed uncheck , bond twist he body to keep marina from impact against a cavern wall -- instead bond painfully slam he side against a cavern wall -- he and marina land in a heap as the sound of the wreckage 's impact boom several hundred foot below -- and -- over the hole - the remaining helicopter lower to the hole and hover over it as smoke trail out -- inside the side cavern - bond and marina bond have have the breath knock out of he -- he wince in pain as a worried marina undoe the parachute 's latch -- at the edge of the hole - the helicopter have land -- and the pilot have secure a length of climb line to the edge -- the gunner , harness to a motorize asc des dev. , lower himself into the hole with a motorize whirr -~ inside the side cavern - bond and marina bond weakly get up with marina 's help , and lean on the cavern wall -- marina be you hurt ? bond do not answer -- he hear the mechanize whirr approach -~ bond -~ step back -- now -- inside the hole - the gunner descend , sway through the smoke -- he gun out , look down for any sign of life that can be snuffed out -- -- as he near the cavern -- some smoke clear and the gunner see bond -- with one hand he brake the a/d mechanism , with the other he aim the machine gun -- 132 . overhead view - bond dive for the line slamming into the gunner and grab the front harness -- the gunner 's shot go wild as the force of bond 's leap swing they back against the wall of the hole -- from the flame below we can see they be at least three hundred foot up -- ~~ as they hit the wall , bond slam the gunner 's hand against the stone , force he to drop the gun -- as they start a return swing back -- -- the gunner punch bond , loosen bond 's grip on the harness -- and the gunner withdraw a combat knife -- -- but bond grab the gunner 's wrist -- and force the knife down to sever the cloth harness -- as the swing end against the wall with another slam -- -- the gunner be stunne by the impact and fall out with a scream -- leave bond cling to the a/d mechanism -- at the top edge of the hole - the pilot hear the near , whirring sound of the a/d -- he 's crouch over the edge , peer into the smoke , as -~- -- the smoke and hot air lift out the empty parachute -- the cloth fly in the pilot 's face -- annoyed , he tear it off and flip it away -- as -- bond ( 0.s. ) good morning -- bond 's arm lash up -- grab the startle pilot by the shirt -- and pull he into the hole with a yell as -- -- bond and marina rise out of the hole on the a /d . bond help marina out of the hole -- and ball up the parachute , throw it back into the hole . bond he should have keep that . ( eye helicopter ) let 's have a closer look at that dish . as they step into the helicopter -- we cut to -- ext . overhead view - on dish and bond 's helicopter the copter be fly low over the ground and foliage , remove from the dish 's perimeter -- inside the helicopter - bond and marina 's upward Pov be of the huge triangular / circular metal configuration suspend six hundred foot above the dish 's center by a trio of tower . marina ( 0.s. ) that 's the transmitter . 133 . on bond and marina in copter bond check the electronic control panel -- bond there be no missile leave -- ( consider ) -- if I try to fly into it , that guard would cut we to piece . marina look over to the ground -~ and point -- marina take we down over there . on the copter tracking low toward one of the tower we will notice there 's a key wire -- not a support wire -- lead from the transmitter to the base of this tower . ext . base of tower on hillside - the helicopter have land behind it -- as its rotor slow and stop , bond and marina be at the door of the tower . the tower itself look like a lighthouse -- tall , cylindrical and narrowing as it rise . bond pries the door open with a bar -- and -- inside the bottom room of the tower be a bank of electronic equipment . this be where the wire from the transmitter lead to . marina eye the equipment -- which be boot up and operate . marina if he 's use a long waveform to broadcast , this must be the signal amplifier -- ( beat ) -- this be the juncture between the control computer and the dish . bond so if we destroy it -- ? marina ( shake she head ) he 's certain to have backup . he could still send the signal out . bond move into the room -- part of the amplification equipment be a system maintenance computer terminal . bond this be hook into the control computer -- can you access it and activate the destruct code ? 134 . marina ( unsure ) makvenio design the defense against computer break -in -- ( eye equipment ) -- and this junk be just use for system maintenance . I do not know , James -- bond you have get to try , marina . it 's the best shot we have . bond give she a light kiss -- and move out the door -- bond I x11 come back for you later -- marina where be you go ? bond to shut this down at the source . bond return to the helicopter -- as we -- CUT to : int . the MAIN computer room - high angle this be the heart of trevelyan 's control complex -- it look like the New York stock Exchange as design by Ken Adam . the room be fill with activity , with computer technician at work on a set of keyboard that control dozen of monitor , install in bank four high along the wall -- each with a sea of number and figure in dollar , yen , pound and deuchmark . trevelyan enter -- look satisfied . a man who want to savor everything about the day . savatier be behind he , carry a metal briefcase -- and the two cross over to a central computer that 's not dissimilar to the one we see in severnaya . above it be a wv : tar screen with a graphic of the world -- and pinpoint that show where the Tempest satelite be in relation to the rest of the world . stop there , savatier open the metal briefcase -- and remove the Tempest control computer from foam pad , turn it over to a head technician . in second , the technician have install it in its docking station . trevelyan enter the target for today -- ( smile ) ~-- New York City . cuT to : 135 . ext . side view of island - the helicopter circle around it -- further back from the dish be a cliff wall over the ocean , with numerous large cavern cut into it -- -- and on top of the volcanic rock , behind one of the tower , be a flat clear -- on a hillside near one of the support tower be a small building that obviously serve as the entrance to the underground compound , and a maintenance catwalk that lead out to the dish 's transmitter . in the helicopter - bond pull the copter up and toward the clear -- he 's now wear the specs and helmet of the pilot . this be a landing / maintenance area for the helicopter -- there be four landing circle . bond hover over the one nearest the maintenance shed -- which we 'il note have a large tank of aviation fuel near it , with metal piping that run into the ground . bond lower the copter as the sole ground crewman run up to the door . . ground crewman what the hell happen up there ? bond answer with a direct kick to the head -- the crewman topple , and bond get out , drag he to the shed . a moment later - bond emerge from the shed -- wear the crewman 's hat and jacket . bond cross the rock to a cage freight elevator that 's build into the edge of another vertical cavern -- a huge natural elevator shaft . bond step in -- and move it down -- bond 's Pov - the first level as the elevator grind past fifty foot of rock , bond see through the cage wire a cave that 's be convert into a military style storeroom -- crate pile four and five high , neatly arrange and stack , separate by wire division . bond get out -- no one else seem to be here -- and have a look around . the storage level look like Charles Foster kane 's attic -- it go on and on -- and bond look with some alarm at one of the crate grouping behind a wire cage -- -- it 's pile with crate full of metal cannister , and warning in cyrillic and English script -- " danger - neurotoxic agent " . bond move ahead through the huge storage space , look leave and right , and find more of the same . 136 . crates housing high - tech machine gun -- shoulder - fire missile launcher -- fuel - air weapon -- land mine -- block of semtex plastic explosive -~ and other weapon of mass destruction . bond pause at a crate of semtex -- at the sound of some approach guard , he grab a block -- and crouching low behind other crate , move quickly to a ladder and hatchway that take he down to the second level which be another huge cave that have be convert to a tight but usable airplane hangar . there be a wide open at the far end of the cave -- wide enough to allow plane to fly in or out , and a tripwire on a runway to allow aircraft carrier style landing . the hangar be stock with several dozen military fighter of multinational origin -- Russian , american , chinese , german . the plane look new -- and well - maintain . bond move through the hangar -- split between awe at this private armory and horror at what someone like trevelyan could do with it . bond stop at one of the plane in the middle of the hangar -- and affix the semtex to it . bond then remove he rolex -- and take off the back of it . the rear disc have a spike that extend from the center -- bond stick it into the semtex -- as -- iin_the maintenance shed above - a pair of guard have find the maintenance man bond clobbere -- one get out he radio -- as -~- in the second level - bond pull back a slide on the disc , prime it -- a red light of the disk be winking slowly but rythmically -- bond look to " nis watch -- on the watch - a matching red light be winking in perfect synch with that of the detonator ~- bond back away from the plane -~- and run toward the elevator door . bond open the cage door -- and as the elevator be not there , he move into the shaft and climb up a service ladder . but as he pass the first level , and the elevator stop there -- -- from inside the elevator there be the warning click of a pair of machine qun from the guard inside . bond freeze -- and look up -~ -- at the top of the shaft , two more guard wait -- both aim they gun down at bond. 137 . int . underground complex - hallway this have a decidedly more high - tech look about it than the cave -- with a pair of guard flanking he , bond be lead from the elevator entrance and through a hall , to -- the MAIN computer room - bond be lead down to the center of the tower of computer monitor -- where trevelyan be wait . whatever annoyance trevelyan feel at bond 's presence be ultimately overcome by the fact that it be expect -- and the fact that bond be at he mercy . trevelyan James bond. ( note tatter appearance ) even rasputin have the courtesy to die after the fourth attempt on he life . ( beat ) where be miss varoskaya ? bond ( grim ) Dead . frevelyan do not believe he -- he nod to a pair of guard , who exit . trevelyan she will be , soon enough . bond step further into the center of the computer room , take it all in . bond you armory be impressive , trevelyan . but I would not have buy so many Russian airplane . trevelyan ( casual ) oh , I have american weaponry as well . it 's as easy to find . I be stock they here , and in several other location , for -- ( search for phrase ) -- a opportune moment . the world be change , James . we must change with it . ( beat ) I leave the british empire just as it stutter to a halt -- and I have a parade- view seat for the end of the Soviet empire . both of they end for exactly the same reason -- for want of money . ( beat ) it 's time to think , perhaps , about building a new one . with the money I be about to receive , I will be prepare when the next opportunity come . bond smile pityingly at trevelyan . 138 . bond it 's rather sad , augustus . you use to > have quite a mind . fey computer screen ) International banking code -- you be prepare to launder you money a little prematurely , I think . ( turn back to trevelyan ) you can not be so far go that you think you 'il actually be able to keep it . we service will follow the delivery boy right to you doorstep . ( condescending ) at any rate , I think you 'il find that ten billion dollar have not be adequate empire- building capital for at least a century . trevelyan respond to this bait with a booming laugh ~~ trevelyan ten billion ? ( amused ) James -- you have lose you imagination . bond eye trevelyan -- and the computer -- consider the factor -- bond ) you have set up wire transfer to Tokyo , bern , the Bahamas , stuttgart -- but they be all source in New York -- ( start to get it ) -- you have makvenio 's intercept cipher to redirect code -- bond turn to face a proud , grin trevelyan as it hit he -- bond of course -- you have break into a finance computer for a wire theft . trevelyan move into the midst of the computer with bond . trevelyan credit be due , James -- I have break into the finance computer , for the wire theft . the clear house computer for overseas wire transaction in the World Trade Center . ( modestly ) I have one of my man in place as new security protocol be create after the unfortunate bombing there . > the enormity of it start to hit bond -- bond they must process over a trillion dollar worth of wire transaction daily -- 139 . trevelyan a trillion and a half . but I be not greedy , James . I have my eye on a mere six hundred billion . ( motion around ) this computer can reroute the transfer into thousand of account I control -- and reroute they again through a labyrinth of deutchmark , yen and francs on the international currency exchange -- all in a matter of second . bond just before the Tempest go off over New York . ( trevelyan nod ) it 'il destroy the proof of the theft -- the computer itself -- and all the record data . ( beat ) as well as a million people . trevelyan be genuinely unconcern . trevelyan a matter of accounting . we be both man who have have to make decision about human life , James . what it cost to spare they -- what it cost to take they -- what it cost we to make that choice -- ( shrug ) six hundred billion dollar balanced against one million life ? ( beat ) merely dust on the globe . bond the theft will be trace -- trevelyan laugh again -- trevelyan to whom ? to what ? New York City in flame from a " terrorist " attack -- Washington and Moscow scramble to blame each other for the incident and cover up the true cause ? search for deposit slip in the rubble will be the last thing on anyone 's mind . ( beat ) by tomorrow , I /11 have withdraw the money -- and , in fact , I expect to make a handsome profit on the currency exchange . ( smile ) I be play a hunch that the dollar will take a sharp drop this afternoon . trevelyan turn as the door slide open through the cage entrance -- 140 . at the door - marina > be be bring in by savatier and a pair of guard . guard we find she in the west tower -- ( beat ) -- at a computer terminal . trevelyan be rattle -- this be exactly what he 's want to prevent all along . he turn to the head technician at the Tempest console . trevelyan run a system check -- on everything . ( to savatier ) stay with the transmitter . I do not want any more surprise . as savatier leave and trevelyan work on damage control , a look pass between bond and marina -- a look that tell we she 's unsure about how successful she tamper be . bond turn from she , not want to give anything away . trevelyan return he attention to bond and marina , he friendly demeanor vanish . D trevelyan I think I tell you early on in you training , James -- never bring a woman into combat with you . when you do , you bring a second heart . ( beat ) a second target . a computer beep turn trevelyan back around -- technician ( cocky ) I have find it -- ( as trevelyan head over ) -- it 's not very well do . she link the go code to the satelite 's destruct code . if we signall it to fire , it would have self - destruct instead . ( hit some key ) but now it 's delete . trevelyan ( regain composure ) retarget the satelite for New York . as the technician tap it out , we go to -- D the tempest control screen which show , among other thing , this display -- 141 . location : 126.23.50.94 primary target : 73.09.41.13 as before , the location number be start to roll over rapidly to match the target location -- in outer space ~- tempest two fire compress gas jet to speed silently toward the target -- in the computer CENTER - trevelyan step over to bond and marina , again in control . trevelyan ( to marina ) I expect more from you . but I suppose I owe you the opportunity to watch the device you design go to work . after all , I could not have manage this without you . ( smile ) thank you , miss varoskaya . on the . transaction computer screen we move across they to get a idea of the scale of this operation : on this grouping of computer screen , over fifty thousand wire transaction be in place , wait to be unleash -- though the transaction figure be in different denomination , none of they be less than five figure -- on the visual tracking screen for tempest the Tempest two be move from a far west , far north position over Canada -- and be tracking south and east rapidly -- -- but to the technician watch this , something 's wrong -- he nervously compare the satelite 's visual position with the tempest control computer screen which show : location : 111.23.39.17 primary target : 73.09.41.13 as we watch the screen and the location number change , the target number also abruptly change -- to lock in at -- location : 111.23.39.17 primary target : 69.13.17.20 the technician look up again -- worried -- technician -- the satelite 's trajectory -- it 's off target -- 142 . trevelyan turn -- trevelyan how far off target ? another technician map the trajectory on the visual display screen -- technician # 2 it 's head for we , sir -- trevelyan look at the visual display screen -- which confirm the truth -- the satelite be already south of New York and be clearly head down -- trevelyan ( angry ) then shut it down -- and retarget -- technician ( bewilder ) -- the access code have be alter -- as this be go on , bond look down at he watch -- the rythmic flash of the signal light have grow more rapid -- in the second level - the detonator on the block of semtex be flash at the same quickened pace -- in_the control room - trevelyan furiously turn around to face bond and marina -- marina eye he directly -- marina you be welcome -- -- as -- in_the second level - the detonator ‘s flashing light become constant -- the detonator spark the semtex -~- -- and detonate , take out the two nearest airplane , create a chain reaction of explosion in the hangar -- in the control room the effect of the blast be feel as the room rock as if hit by a earthquake -- catch everyone unaware -- except bond -- -- bond slam the guard behind he off he foot -- as the one in front of he aim he gun , bond stiff - arm he chin with enough force to break he neck -~- the guard sprawl backward into one of the banking computer terminal -- -- bond grab marina 's hand and run for the cage door -~ as -- 143 . -- the first guard bond knock to the floor aim he machine gun at they and fire a burst -- -- bond 's leave arm be hit but he and marina make it behind some of the computer machinery -- so no more shot be fire -- and they escape through the cage door . with the sound of another blast , there be panic in the room -- technician start to shout and get up -- but trevelyan maintain control -- trevelyan ( shouting ) stay where you be -- ( to head technician ) -- and undo whatever 's she 's do -- ( still sure of victory ) we have time . in the rising elevator ~- bond and marina grimace in pain , bond check he arm -- the bullet 's go through . not a mortal wound , but it 's already be a tough morning . bond turn to marina -- and manage a smile -~ bond ( through pain ) nicely do . another intercept code ? marina ( nod ) with a encryption on it so they can not reaccess the satelite -- ( worried ) James ~- you arm -- bond ( cut she off ) be there a chance they can break through that code and retarget the satelite ? marina the Tempest will get here in five minute -- ( upset ) -- if they be fast enough -- they might . rvi ts : = cliff W. near the hangar explode with devastating seismic force -- rattling one of the support tower -- tran ; catwi -~ the support tower dangerously sway as if there be a earthquake -- some of the metalwork of the upper transmitter creak and break -- and there 's a whipsaw effect on the catwalk -- the catwalk 's side guide line snap as the bottom of it be thoroughly shake -- 144 , -- a guard who be stand where the catwalk meet the transmitter be throw to he death -- as he fall , he drop he machine gun on the transmitter 's platform -- -- the guard fall five hundred foot into the dish -- he body shatter a segment of the dish and punch a hole in it -- at the hillside entrance - bond and marina marina help a weaken bond out of the entrance -- in front of they be the catwalk -- and the dangerously swinging transmitter . bond look ahead , determine , take marina 's arm off he -- bond I have to make certain that trevelyan can not transmit out . marina James -- when the Tempest fire , that whole platform will be electrify -- you can not -- bond ( sharp ) there 's no other way -- bond stop -- and soften a bit . resigned . he know there 's no way he can get back off that platform alive . bond after it 's over -- find the helicopter . try to radio out for help . with he good arm , bond draw marina into a passionate kiss -- clearly a goodbye kiss . bond abruptly break it off -- marina can only watch as he run down the hill and onto the unravelling catwalk -- the guideline on the side be useless , as they be severe and dangle in several spot -- the bottom plank be pitching up and down -- ~- bond weave leave and right to maintain he balance as he run toward the transmitter -- as he look ahead he see -~ bond be Pov - savatier be ahead of he -- inside the girder of the triangular configuration of the transmitter , wait for bond , as unconcern by he arrival as he be by the fact that the transmitter be swinging all over -- -- the transmitter , nonetheless , be do its thing -- the ~ half - moon segment of girder at the bottom be rotate around a circular track for better brodcast position -- 145 . -- bond 's Pov shift up to the end of the catwalk above savatier , where the loose _qun slide on the edge of the sway catwalk -- bond stagger faster across the pitching catwalk , to reach the platform 's edge -- the gun slide along from side to side -- its stock catch on the edge -~ -- and finally the gun clatter off the platform as -- view down - bond desperately dive for it , flatten out on the platform -- he arm stretch down for it , he finger just brush it as it fall irretrievably into the dish -- -- and savatier s_in der with m -- he reach up , ond and @ : down he a t the girder -- bond painfully collide against one of the upper triangular girder , the wind knock out of he -- -- and he fall onto the circular rotation track of the dish , daze and unmove , as the barrel - size guide wheel advance , grinding toward he , with enough force and weight to crush he -- C ol _ ri - the head technician be hack he way through a maze of programming codeline -- trevelyan watch over he shoulder -- technician ( sweat it ) almost there -- ( a few tap ) -- the block code 's off -- ( more tapping ) -- start the cancellation coding sequence -- on the circular railing - bond clear he head enough to roll out of the way of the advance wheel -- and into the move half - moon girder underneath -- savatier easily swing down after he -- obviously in better shape than bond at the moment -- as -- 146 . in the half -moon girder - bond get he foot underneath the advance wheel on the girder there -- and testing a loosen steel bar , yank it free -- and shove it up between the steel wheel and the guide rail -- ~- the machinery grind loudly , try to keep move -~ but it come to a reluctant stop as the engine keep push -- long shot of half moon girder as they stop they rotation under the trangular section -- we can savat be swinging down closer to bond -- but in the half -moon girder - bond rapidly climb down the girder to try to get to the fan antenna at the end -- the broadcast point -- savatier be close behind -- cc. ez EST CO ! ol _ col r_scre 's the target and location number be rapidly intersect -- lower text on the screen show the word -- mission abort signal - transmitting -- but this be follow on screen by a blink -- signal incomplete comp ' ontro : - the technician be sweat -- thing should be go he way now -- but -~ technician ( really worried now ) there 's some kind of interference -- trevelyan ( furious ) enter it again -- at the edge of the half -moon girder - close on bond who be the source of interference -- brace himself at the point edge of the half - moon girder , : he kick open a junction box , which start sparking -- he kick at it again -- ~- but savatier arrive -- and deliver a powerful , fly-swatting backhand that send bond reeling against the opposite girder -- as -- E LW : -- both of the guide motor overheat and smoke , strain against the blockage -- 147 . in the half -moon girder - bond be stunne -- but he 's also have enough -- adrenalin kick in as savatier rush he -- bond grab the girder above he and brace to powerfully kick savatier in the chest , knock he back against the opposite girder -- -- behind they , the junction box on the antenna send up a jet of spark -- it 's short out -- in outer space - the tempest satelite 's gas jet cut off as it coast to fire position -- its shape detonation cone fan out -- in computer control CENTER - trevelyan see evidence everywhere that it 's over -- number be tick closer on the screen , the visual tracker show it 's right overhead -- trevelyan ( furious ) shut it down ! now ! technician ( panicked ) -- it 's impossible -- trevelyan back away from the console , bear a strike resemblance to a captain on a rapidly sink ship -- the technician at the other console panic and abandon they terminal -- within the half ~ moon girder - savatier shake off bond 's kick and decide it 's time to finish the job ~- he cross back to bond and pin he against a girder , he forearm press firmly against bond 's windpipe -- -- above they -~- on the circular railway -- the engine , strain against the block guide wheel , win out -- the wheel move past the blockage -- long shot of half -moon girder as they whip around the circular track a lot faster than they be suppose to -- inside the half -moon girder - savatier and bond be knock away from the girder ~- and be throw about like dice in a cage -- bond grab hold of a side girder for support -~- as -- 148. on the circular railway - the brake that hold the half - moon lock in place give and -- there be four of they -- as the first one snap -- long shot of half -moon girder as the whole thing start to slide off they roller ~~ the entire thing be come loose from the circular railway -- as the second set of brake snap -- inside the half -moon girder - bond keep hold of the girder as the whole configuration accelerate its slide down and off the track -- we hear the sound of the third set of brake snap -- as it pick up speed it run through the fourth and final set of brake -- the half -moon girder completely clear the track and be fall into the dish , they speed take they under and parallel to the catwalk -- inside the falling girder - bond move closer to the point -- and as the girder sail past a severe ide line d ing from the catw -- -- bond leap off the girder and toward the line -- he grab it , swinging to the side , hold on with one hand and lash the rope around he forearm with the other -~- as -- close on tempest control computer screen as the target and location number lock into place -- in outer space ~ the tempest stabilize -- aim the cone down -- and detonate -- as -- over the dish - bond helplessly dangle on the catwalk 's line -- -- under he , the half - moon be still fall , diving like a down plane ~- wide view of dish - as the tempest 's detonation set the sky on fire with a deafen blast -- and the electromagnetic surge flash toward the island and into the sh -- ss lightning in what 's leave of the transmitter skeleton -- a electrical blue surge shoot down around the metal dish -- 149 . bond be still swinging from the rope , surround by lightning strike -- as -- the falling half -moon girder be totally electrify -- savatier be electrocute inside the girder as they finally crash through the dish -- and beyond -- _c into the control CENTER -- as the three hundred ton mesh of steel rip through the concrete , cave in the roof , the faraday cage , and the computer center itself -- hit the Tempest control computer dead center -- -- the Tempest 's lightning surge through the room , kill technician , blow up equipment -- on the banking monitor over a hundred screen crowded with six hundred billion dollar worth of electronic cash on it explode -- up above the dish - bond dangle from the still - swinging line -- the worst of the surge be already over -- there be random electrical crackle in the transmitter and the dish itself -- but bond 's problem be not over -- the rest of the transmitter have be further weaken by all this ~- loud creaking and snapping of line and girder signal a imminent fall -- on what/ left of the catwalk ~ the line bond be hold onto come loose -- it start to snap its mooring one tie at a time -- retreate back along the catwalk -=- long shot of bond dangling -- bond can do nothing but hang on as the line give , drop he in rapid ten foot increment down and back to the dish 's edge -- on the catwalk - the line be tear loose toward a point where it 's severe again -- in other word , bond be about to start freefall -- -- the line tear loose -- 150 . wide shot on bond falling near the edge of the dish , at least thirty foot down , the useless line trail above he -- until -- -- bond slam into a panel twenty foot down from the dish 's edge , and start slide down the panel toward the center , out of control -- -- bond grab onto the mesh of a dish panel , brake himself just over a explosion that burst out of the ground and through the dish , shatter panel and hurl they into the air -- as this go on below bond , above he -- 7 ) tform be ready to go -- support line from the tower snap -- in the dish - bond be in the shadow of the transmitter platform as he run up the dish 's slope , which grow steeper as he get closer to the edge -- at the dish 's edge - marina see bond -- she run along the top of a barrier at the dish 's edge to get to he position , grab a down line from the transmitter -- as -- long shot - the transmitter platform finally fall -- as do the nearest crumble support tower -- with the wreckage of the catwalk stream after it , three hundred ton of steel impact against the far end of the dish , punch a fifty foot hole into the dish and through the explode level of the compound -- view down on bond -- who be cling to a panel thirty foot above the new hole , hang on desperately against the shockwave , which be send other panel fly loose to tumble into the new hole ~- -- bond look up as a line land alongside he -~ bond 's Pov = marina have throw it down from the barrier 's edge , try to secure it -- but as she do -~ irevelyan hove into view behind she ~- look dishevel from he escape from the lower level -- but more than that , he look enraged -- he forcefully grab marina by she arm -- and intensely lock eye with bond as he hold she over the edge -- trevelyan tell I , James -- do you ever tire of watch the woman you love 151 . trevelyan hurl she over the edge of the dish -- inside the dish - marina plummet past bond , just beyond he outstretch arm , before she hit the aluminum panel and tumble , roll down the dish 's slope , toward the jag edge of the hole and beyond -- view over the hole - marina fall into the hole and be ensnare in a tangle of the catwalk 's shred line , a very uncertain net over the surging flame and the two hundred foot drop below she -- the catwalk be snag on two end -- marina 's weight pull one of the end free , swinging she down toward the flame -- bond furious , take the line throw down by marina and fiercely yank it down -- -- the line tangles und trevelyan 's ankle -- pull he off balance and roll he into the sloping dish -- on -t y : -- trevelyan roll toward bond and collide with he -- both man roll down out of control to the last intact panel at the jag edge of the hole -- -~ trevelyan land on he side , and brake himself -- stunne , but not too badly -- bond , on the other hand , land awkwardly and painfully on a metal protrusion , with a jolt against he bullet wound -- a advantage trevelyan press -- -- trevelyan brace himself on the panel and move closer to sadistically kick bond in the face -~ we can see that the panel they be fight on be loose and can give at any time -- as -- dangling in the hole - marina struggle in the catwalk like a fly in a web -- she start to move up , but a new explosion surge flame toward she and shoot debris around she -- the bottom line of the catwalk ignites and start to urn up -- bond and trevelyan - on the panel bond stabilize and punch trevelyan back against a panel -- bond 's effort and trevelyan 's impact both loosen the panel further -- -- bloody , trevelyan steady against the panel -- and draw out he pistol to fire at bond -- 152 . -- but bond throw everything he 's get leave into a final , powerful kick at the corner of the panel trevelyan 's on -- -- the last bit of metal hold it onto the dish burst -- trevelyan 's panel tear loose and plunge off the edge , into the hole and the flame -- as he start a two hundred foot fall -- bond look down , cling to he panel -- which be close to go as well -- bond 's Pov - trevelyan falling into the hole -- he 's just one more bit of debris as a new , huge explosion flare up a annihilate fireball that consume he one hundred foot down -- on the edge of the hole - bond climb up to a slightly more secure panel -- and look to - 0 ) [ e_ca ! shr ! -- she 's climb up -- but she swinging be loosen the few strands support she as the catwalk burn underneath she -- bond run across the panel -- jump gap and evade panel that be collapse , just in time to throw himself at the edge of the hole -- -- bond flatten on the edge of the panel and extend he good arm -- the wreck panel be be test not just by he weight , but marina 's and that of the segment of catwalk -- -- marina get far enough up the strand to grab bond 's hand as -- the catwalk support strand tear off and fall away underneath she -- ~- the entire catwalk spiral into the fiery abyss -- -- but bond maintain he grip on marina -- she grab hold of the jag panel with another hand , and climb up onto the shaky panel with bond -- wide on dish - bond and marina move up the dish as quickly as possible as the explosion intengity . blasting through the hole -- ~- they get to the edge -- and climb over the barrier -- 153 . on the other side of the dish edge barrier -- bond help marina over -- as the sound of blast rumble through the dish and under they -- -- marina look like she 's in shock -- but bond know there 's no time to waste , and pull marina toward a gap in the hillside -- bond ( shouting ) come on -- this way -- as they run through the gap -- in [ ory subl ~ explosive crate be start to go -- one segment detonate , as above -- in the rock clearing - wide shot -- we see that this be perch exactly over the armo : -- blast rip through the ground , make this look like a minefield under siege -- at the far end of it be the helicopter , which be momentarily intact -- -- enter at the other end , be -- bond and marina -- bond lead marina through a very dangerous hundred yard dash , zig - zag through the new ' explosion rip through the earth and the fire and chasm leave by the older one ~- ~~ finally they reach the helicopter and get in -- inside the helicopter - bond allow himself a look of relief -- a premature one -- as he push a start button -- nothing happen -- he jab it again -- bond congratulation -- you have down you first american aircraft -- ( tense ) -- the pulse have knock out the electronics . marina but this have harden circuitry -- bond not hard enough , apparently -- ( see switch ) -- there 's a auxilliary -- bond hit that switch -- and there be a wonderful sound of electronics hum to life -- but bond look down -- 154 . the console - the system monitor have come to life -- with one word -- a blink -- wait in the armory sublevel ~ the explosive be not go to wait -- crate of explosive be go off sequentially down a row -- wide shot on clearing - the explosion be tracking in a straight , unmistakable path toward the helicopter -- inside the helicopter - bond be try not to look at they -- he attention be focus on the system monitor which read : system rebooting with a bar graph : 37 % complete marina look out she window -- which be not reassure either -- a_chasm be form in the rock due to collapse rock -- that too be fast advance toward the ground the helicopter be perch on -- bond be sweat it -- he eye be lock on the monitor screen , he finger freeze on the start button -- until -- -- a beep and the bargraph announce that the system be reboot -- -- bond instantaneously push the start button -- -- and the rotor whine to life -- slowly pick up speed -- on the helicopter - as the ground open up under it -- the rotor create enough lift for the copter to rise up slowly instead of fall down fast -- -- bond throttles the copter out and up , through the smoke and flame , outrace the advance explosion -- as -- 155 . long shot of island everything leave over in the armory go up in a massive fireball -- as bond 's helicopter fly out toward the other island -- and safety -- we -- curt to : int . NATO command / control CENTER - day in the monitoring center , there 's a bustle of activity as the tracking screen show that Tempest have be fire -- orbach rush up to m and q with the detail -- orbach well , if it have to go off , we could not have pick a better place -- ( check paper ) ~- sixty - nine longitude , seventeen latitude -- right over the far end of the Caribbean . m my God -- that 's where 007 's go -- q ( equally worried ) if the Tempest be fire there , there 's no electricity -- no telephone -- no communication of any kind -- ( this sound awful to q ) ~- heaven only know what survival condition he 's be force to deal with . cuT to : ext . caribbean hillside - private bungalow - night we move in over a strike view of the hill and ocean from the back deck , flicker candlelight the only illumination -- past trays of fruit and lobster on one table , and a cocktail shaker dew with condensation on another -- bond ( 0.s. ) now this be intolerable -- finally we reach bond and marina - reclined in a hammock bandage and rest , in casual island clothes , the candle burn on the rail behind they . bond 's dismay look be for he martini glass -- bond I tell the barman -- shake , not stir . 156 . marina ( laugh at he ) what be the difference ? bond bruise vermouth -- ( smile ) I know you be Russian -- but do not you appreciate the finer thing in life ? marina no , James -- marina take bond 's martini hand and guide it toward the rail -- pull he closer to she -~ marina ( smile ) -- I just appreciate a smooth ride . bond return the smile -- he move over she and into a kiss , extinguish the candle with the martini glass as he put it on the rail -- off the darkness we retreat to a -~ long shot of the island end credit jame bond will return