for you consideration gold best original screenplay Patrick massett & John Zinman twc gold by Patrick massett & John Zinman ext . the jungle of indonesia - day a native slashes through thick foliage , lead a patrol of indonesian military -- shout command and radio chatter . the tribesman hack through the perimeter of the brush and the party emerge onto the wide silt bank of a muddy river . suddenly wild boar let out a chorus of squeal and scatter into the brush , and there , splay on the river bank , we find -- a body . one of the soldier approach -- the stench be palpable -- the body already decompose . the soldier find a wallet , check the id -- we do not see the identity . the soldier speak into he radio . soldier ( Indonesian ) we have the body ... while from the jungle the eye of a wild pig can be see peer out , wait to resume its meal . dissolve to : int . dimly lit room - day a hand toss ice into a low ball . realize there 's no booze . into the cabinet , find a stashed bottle . the man pour a healthy measure of whiskey . kenny well ( 40' ) , unshaven , take a long drink , mask he nerve . he be a about a inch from total collapse . well sure I can not pour you one ? voice ( 0.s. ) no , thanks . I be work . the voice be calm , in control , authoritarian . well all the more reason . voice ( 0.s. ) Wells , sit . we have get a lot to cover . well here I be . Fire away . Wells raise he glass in a mock toast . he will not be rush . he 's get a easy smile and sparkling eye -- but he face tell the story of a man acquainted with he whiskey . voice ( 0.s. ) how do you meet Michael acosta ? well the first time or the second time ? voice ( 0.s. ) how do you meet he , Wells ? well you sure you do not want a drink ? you be make I nervous . Wells sit and face we . off the silence -- well ( cont ’d ) April of ' 88 -- I have three property crap out on I in six week period . sierra nevada range ... tilt down to find reno against it ... ext . reno , nevada - day super : reno , nevada ... April , 1988 -- roulette wheel spinning , reveal it 's in a grocery store . - cow grazing scrubland on the edge of town . - old casinos . dusty ranch . tourist . migrant worker . -- a one - armed bandit , with a gun '' arm , '' pay out nickel . ... slowly tightening as if a dry wind carry we to ... ext . the three greenhorn bar - morning a fade water hole from the boomtown day . well ( v.o ) I be on the ball of my ass , scramble . not exactly unchart water , but I be in pretty deep ... a beat up ' 79 caddy eldorado , cover in a layer of road grime , it 's bumper hold on with wire , pull into a spot and die . for this hour there be already many car in the lot . through a smoky haze , Wells stare out , eye like a bukowski poem . he 's get one light cigarette as he light another . flick ash at the ashtray , miss -- a constellation of burn mark . well ( v.o. ) ten am . and I know the board of director have already conven . int . the three greenhorn bar - continuous Wells enter like the cock of the walk , back slapping and wave hellos , a well - like regular . his suit look like it might have be sleep in ... more than once . Middle -age man in bad suit with bad hair fill the table , work phone line and yellow pad . this be modern - day '' prospector , '' promote bottom - feeder mining stock . pass a couple regular -- conrad '' connie '' wright ( 40' ) and scottie nevins ( 50' ) -- do more drink than work . a barmaid concentrate on scratch a lotto ticket that look like the slot : cherry ... cherry ... cherry ! the win amount : $ 5.00 -- Wells approach one of the trader , clamping down on he shoulder with both hand , work out the knot . this be bobby burn ( 50' ) , bald , pour a shot into he coffee . well Bobby burn ! burn oh yeah , that 's the stuff ... well you boy hear about this cowboy 's tombstone that win the contest for best tombstone ? the 5 rule to follow for a happy life ... smile from the guy at the surround table . they all lean in to listen . Wells clearly love the attention . well ( cont ’d ) one : it 's important to have a woman who help at home , cook from time to time , clean up and have a job . two : it 's important to have a woman who can make you laugh . Three : it 's important to have a woman you can trust , and do not lie to you . four : it 's important to have a woman who be good in bed , and like to be with you . ( more ) well ( cont ’d ) ( beat ) five : it 's very important that this four woman do not know each other or you could end up dead like I . everyone laugh . Wells beam , punctuate the punch - line with a slap on burn 's back . burn call out to the barmaid -- burn whaddayou think , Kay ? kay be short for kaylene , a ex - Jr. miss reno , and second runner - up Jr. miss nevada . she love Joe Montana , horse , and Kenny , though in reverse order . Kay 's jeans be a half - size too small , not because she 's try to be sexy but because she 's happy . kay I nil kill he right now . more laughter . Wells loudest of all . well ( to burn ) so , whatcha work ? anything I should know about ? burn telmerek . they aukland stake , the bank call the note . I pick up a bunch of the debt , I gotta flip it before the call . well any bite ? burn nibbles . well keep throw that line . a pat on the arm and he 's off to the bar where he double seagram be already be pour by roy baker ( 60' ) , sweet face that 's see some mile -- like a break down boxer . roy a little eye opener , Kenny ? well Breakfast of champion , Roy . Breakfast of champion . Wells raise he glass in he signature salute . well ( cont ’d ) to the mother lode . Wells pound the whiskey and we go ... int . the three greenhorn bar - back booth - later Wells sit at he '' desk '' -- the corner booth in the back of the bar . work one of the two phone on the table . he flick the ash from he smoke into a half full ashtray . well ( into phone ) ..- it 's a outstanding opportunity , which be why I be call you personally . the geologic report be encourage and we be take a very aggressive position . we be look at yield in the high six figure . a prospectus ? ... of course , I can mail one right out . I should tell you , though - this offer be already oversubscribe . I be take out of my own holding to cover demand but hey , we can always get you in on the next one ... I understand . look , why do not I give you a ring this afternoon and we will see if there be any parcel leave . well , if you just give I ... click . another one that get away . well ( cont ’d ) you have a pleasant day ... he hang up the receiver and grab he drink , a hand stop it before it reach he lip . kay 11:15 , Kenny . well oh , Christ . he hop out of the booth . maybe drink all morning suddenly not the best idea . kay there 's a fresh shirt in the '' office . '' well where would I be without you ? 5a . kay sittin 's right here . Wells grab he briefcase and head into he adjunct office . int . greenhorn bathroom - day Fresh shirt laid out . Wells give himself a sink bath . electric shave . visine . gargle of scope . and we go ... int . the three greenhorn bar - moment later Wells emerge , transformed , present himself to Kay . kay it 's a miracle . well a million buck ? her look say let 's not get carry away , but she say : kay two million . he drain he drink . well I ' 1l come by for you after . we ’1ll celebrate . kay I ’‘1l have my dance shoe on . down the bar a nickel slot machine noisily pay out . they both see this as a good sign . well I have get a good feel about this . and he 's off . and we go : int . coleman & mead capital group - reception - day tight on a pictorial in Northern prospector . Wells , in the reception of a local investment bank , flipping page . flip flip . check he watch , look at the receptionist , bev . well any idea how much longer , bev ? bev should not be too much longer now , Kenny . how you be ? 6a . he make the so-so gesture with he hand . two banker enter . lloyd stanton ( 30' ) and henry andrews , even young , in nicer suit , with look on they face that say , '' let 's get this over with . '' stanton extend he hand . stanton Mr. Wells , I be Lloyd stanton . my colleague Henry andrew . Wells put on a smile and shake hand . well good to meet you . stanton come on back . int . coleman & mead capital group - conference room - day stanton and andrew take seat at one end of the conference table . Wells stand uncomfortably alone at the other end . stanton what can we do for you ? well be not we wait for clive ? stanton Mr. coleman be tie up in a meeting . well no offense boy , but I be suppose to be meeting with clive . stanton none take . but , if you be suppose to be meeting with clive you would be meeting with clive . that stung . Wells take just a moment to recover . sit . slap a smile on he face and slide document across the table . well we be develop some very exciting property that be spot - on for you investor profile : low buy - in with a sizable upside and the beautiful part be they be all only twelve to eighteen month to cash positive . stanton and andrew listen impassively , scan the document . andrews manitoba ? well we pick up a option on a skip claim at auction . andrews it 's a ninety day option . well yes , the window be narrow , but there 's a excellent shale formation that ... stanton ...- Natural Gas ? Environmental impact 's gonna be a bitch . I do not like the liability . what 's next ? he dismissively flip the page , leave Wells to quickly shift gear . well Eastern Utah . we be sit on a nice land - lease opportunity . the overburden be borax rich so there 's a immediate revenue source , but the real prize be in the granite under - shelf . we study point to rich chromium and nickel deposit . andrews there 's a pretty long chain of title on this claim . no payout . what make you think you be gonna be luckier than all this other ? well all under capitalize . never get past development , none of they . stanton under capitalize ? I be not sure under capitalize do you situation justice . Wells swallow down another help of pride and push on . well we have hit a down turn , yes , true enough , but ... stanton .-.- Mr. Wells , washoe have a practical value hover just above zero . you debt load be untenable and you come to we with raw land , no infrastructure , no fungible asset . you can not possibly expect we to underwrite this . well I be talk about a small offer here . if you will just look at the geo you will see what I see , which be money . stanton look he in the eye . a beat . stanton not we money . he close the document with a air of finality . stanton ( cont 'd ) we can not help you , Mr. Wells . well this be jackpot , gentleman . you back away from this - this be career change opportunity . stanton rise from he chair . stanton if you will excuse we . well I want to talk to clive ! Wells stand , he already red face flush , every break capillary show like battle scar . well ( cont ’d ) my father put clive coleman on the map . he build this goddamn bank ! stanton you be not you father , Mr. Wells . like a dagger . Wells stand stunne by the statement . stanton ( cont 'd ) bring we something we can sell and we will talk . well this be good property . stanton they be crap , Wells . play out hand - me-down . I have be embarrassed to even talk to my client about they . andrew ... stanton slide the document across the table at Wells . 10 . stanton ( cont 'd ) be there anything else ? Wells gather up he papers . well yeah . go fuck yourself . he grab he bag and walk out with as much dignity as he can muster . stanton watch he go . he know he do he job , he kick Wells 's ass , but it do not mean he have to feel good about it . there but by the grace of God ... andrew , on the other hand , be smile , misread he boss . andrews not even noon and the guy reek like a still . stanton shut up , andrew . ext. / int . wells' car - continuous Wells on the street . track with he . walk of shame . door slam . leans back in he car seat . tremble . well ( v.o ) that have to be the worst day of my life . we pull in close on Wells 's face , panic rise in he eye ... dissolve to : a amber stream of seagram splash over a tumbler of ice . well ( v.o ) ( cont 'd ) I would lose my house and be live at kay' . we be pretty close to lose that , too . pull back to reveal we be ... ext . reno neighborhood - dusk a street of small tract home . a nice little neighborhood forty year ago , now it feel a lot like the people who live here -- tired and in need of attention . it 's get dark , that moment the night and soul close in . 11 . int . kay 's house - live room - evening the place be small and reflect a woman 's touch , just the slight bit girly . everything wear , humble , but maintain . on the counter , we see a mess of bill , mostly red notice -- phone. electric . gas. car. Wells sit on the edge of the sofa , talk on the phone , pitching for he very life . well ... we be look at yield in the high six figure ... yes , that 's right . Kenny Wells . washoe mining . I speak to you wife last week . a series of dissolves . more whiskey -- as much spill on the table as make it into the glass . on the table , a pretty good dent in the bottle . well ( cont ’d ) ... I be take out of my personal holding to cover demand ... could you hold on a sec , I have get to take this call ... it’s dark now Wells be now slump in a armchair . he muzzle the phone and reach for he drink . well ( v.o ) ( cont 'd ) washoe mining , the company my grandfather scratch out of the side of a nevada mountain , that my father build into a real player . he drink with a shaky hand . steady , and downs the rest . well ( v.o ) ( cont 'd ) .-- it only take I five year to run it into the ground . he 's blind drunk , struggle to get he mouth around the word . the fight have go out of he ... well ( cont ’d ) if you could just let I know when a good time would be for we to sit down , I be sure you would see ... but that 's as far as he get . the hum of the dead line . he set the phone down , lean he head against the cold window and close he eye . his breath fog the glass instantly . well ( v.o ) ( cont 'd ) at the close of that day , washoe be trading at four cent a share - if it be trading at all ... he pull a cig , last in the pack . Fire flare in he 11a . eye . 12 . int . dimly lit room - day ( present ) Hand , cigarette , fire , a deep inhale . Wells 's eye -- turn he attention back to the off-screen voice . well rock bottom , as they say . pun intend . voice ( 0.s . ) you be avoid the question , Mr. Wells . how be the Indonesian venture with acosta initiate ? Wells lean back in he chair , a challenge in he expression . if we want the story , we be gonna have to indulge he awhile . well relax . I be get there . int . kay 's house - night Kay walk into the house , still in she sale vest , with its name tag - '' hi! I be Kay ! '' - look for Wells ... int . kay 's house - live room - continuous ..- who she find pass out on the sofa . she take in the prospectus papers all over the floor , the bottle of seagram , mostly drain . she store she tip . light one of Kenny 's cigarettes . pour a drink . put on some music . through thin curtain see a neighbor drag a trash can around the side of the house . Kay flop back on the couch next to Wells . he realize she 's home and sorta half sit up . well oh Kay . what be we gonna do ? Kay ? kay just shush ... and he sag against she , head on she shoulder . well what be we gonna do ? kay we will get by , baby . we always do . 13. his eye have ease shut . which she look sideways and see . she sigh , lean she head back , take a sharp pull on she cig and blow smoke up at the ceiling . and we look down at the tableau through the smoke . well ( v.o ) I have a half a gallon of seagram in I . I should have be dead . but I be not . instead , what happen be I have a dream . I mean , literally . I have a dream . camera push down , tightening on Wells ... well ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) Indonesia ... close on Wells 's sleep eye . and suddenly we be -- ext . jungle - day we soar above the jungle canopy , diving down through the lush foliage , emerge atop a jag ridge overlook -- a pristine jungle valley . a shimmer river wind through . everything be bath in brilliant golden light , breathtaking . well ( v.o ) I meet Mike acosta year earlier . that be the first time . I still hada little money then and Indonesia be booming . I be look for a way to get in ... ext . jungle river - day boot splash through a shallow creek . a hand scoops into shallow move water and pull up a fistful of silt . a figure silhouett in jungle . super : indonesia - 1982 well ( v.o ) ..- back then , if you be aim to put a hole in the ground in Indonesia , you want Mike acosta tell you where to dig . tight on miner carry bag of ore up wooden ladder . well ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) he be what they call a '' River Walker . '' a hand - on geologist . the real deal : Oxford college , MIT . 13a . and at the top find mike acosta , 30' , give order , squinting against the light , something regal in he bear . well ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) Mom be venezuelan . dad , English . Left when he be little . that 's always tough . 14. int . jakarta hostess bar - night diaphanously clad hostess lounge with businessman . racy as hell for a Muslim country . everyone sweat cheap booze . acosta hold court at a corner table . prospector hang on every word . Chief among they Kenny Wells . well ( v.o . ) he have just discover the large copper strike in Southeast Asia and everyone want a piece of he . and for a half - English guy , he tooth be not all that mess up . acosta dump a ashtray on the table , scatter the content , use ash and burn ember to illustrate he point . acosta you get the nazca plate off South America , the Pacific plate , Juan de fuca , North american , South american . you have get trenches , fissure and fault line - aleutian , marianas , tonga - the plate rub and grind up on each other - six trillion kilobar of pressure , ten thousand degree Celsius kick up geothermic hot spot all along the Pacific rim . he take they all in with a rogue 's smile ... a indonesian girl , who understand no English , hang on he every word . acosta ( cont ’d ) pressure , heat and time . and there 's no better cooker than right here . be he talk about geology now , or where he hand be rest on the back of the thigh of the Indonesian girl ? 15 . well ( v.o ) he call it the '' Ring of Fire '' theory . and he definitely have everyone 's attention . acosta it 's how I find the copper , and it 's why I 'il find the gold . find Wells nodd along , smitten . well ( v.o. ) I be too small - time to really get he ear , but I keep tabs on he ... and then I have the dream . CUT to : int . kay 's house - various - morning still drunk , Wells dig through junk pile in a disus room that house a old break down jacuzzi . a empty pool outside in a concrete yard . he search a milk crate with item from a long ago move . find a old business card -- michael acosta . well okay , okay . here we go . now he move to a dresser , a jewelry BOX sit on top . a glance to the sleep Kay . and he open the box . he pull out a antique pave diamond and gold lady pendant watch . Kay stir and Wells slip the watch into he pocket . kay ( sleepy ) you be up early . he give she a kiss goodbye which turn into a real kiss as she pull he down . kay ( cont 'd ) you wanna talk about yesterday ? well I have get a plan . I have gotta go . kay Kenny , listen . Carl have a idea ... well Carl ? american Home Carl ? 15aa . kay he say he could get you on , for a while , if you want . well I ... I do not know ... I be not really -- kay I buy everything you be sell and I be no fool . you could sell ice to eskimos . well I do not know , babe . let I get back from this trip . kay it would be temporary . just till the market turn . ( a real proposal ) we could fool around in the warehouse . 15a . 16 . a moment as he look at she . all sort of thing go on in there . it 's love . and the certainty she 's with he . always . well I will be back soon , a week at most . if it do not pan out , I will talk to Carl . kay wait . what ? back from where ? and he 's go . Kay get up , mystify , about to go after he when she see the open jewelry box . her watch be go . kay ( cont 'd ) dammit , Kenny --! int . pawn shop - day a gold rolex presidential slide off a wrist . it 's place on a counter , follow by a diamond pinky ring , sapphire cuff link and Kay 's pendant watch . a roll of cash change hand . well ( v.o ) I do not think twice . I be on my way . ext . pawn shop - day push as Wells exit , count he money , wiping frame ... 17 . well ( v.o . ) it be like I be be call . it be the gold call . I know that sound crazy , but if you know that feel ... if you know ... as a passenger jet take off just over the pawn shop . ext . jakarta , indonesia - establishing - morning the city sparkles -- it 's a collision of tradition and technology ; tall tower and shanty town ; soar wealth and crush poverty . there 's something electric about it . Super : jakarta , indonesia we find Wells enter one of the finest hotel in the world . int . jakarta palace HOTEL - afternoon lavish . everything the name imply . Wells on a house phone . one cigarette smolder in a ashtray as he light another . well yeah , Mike , it 's Kenny Wells . I be in the lobby of the jakarta Palace ... leave another message . we must have get we wire cross about the time . look , I have a few other meeting , I will try and move thing around . give I a jingle , okay ? he hang up . he check where he watch would be . ask a pass waiter the time . still no acosta . he drink . drag on he smoke and burn ash fall on he jacket , make a hole . well ( cont ’d ) goddammit . he start to furiously brush it off when he hear -- acosta ( 0.s. ) Wells ? and there 's acosta . calm and confident and smile . well hey , Mike ! thanks for come . it 's good to see you again . do acosta remember he ? maybe . a hustler try he best not to look needy . disapprove eye from around the clubby lobby . 18 . acosta I know a local place , a bit more color , if you know what I mean . well what , they be not pour here ? then acosta remark something in Indonesian and a lobby clerk snap obsequiously , usher they toward the lounge . well ( cont ’d ) now you be talk , Mike . int . jakarta palace HOTEL - lobby - later a discreet bar cart navigate a lounge area now pack with jakarta 's international business elite . well ( 0.s . ) . -- so this salesman go up to a house and knock on the front door . it 's open by a ten year - old boy who have a light cigar in one hand , a glass of whiskey in the other and a penthouse magazine tuck under he arm . salesman : " hello son . be you mom or dad home ? '' the little boy : " what the fuck do you think ? " Wells laugh loud . a barman mix they drink . acosta take he , glance at he watch . acosta so , Kenny , what be we talk about ? well Ring of fire , Mike . Ring of fire . acosta give a little laugh . acosta you be play my great hit , now . Fire 's go out of that one . well what be you talk about ? 19 . acosta Ring of fire have not be prove . it 's the opinion of my fellow esteem geologist that the whole thing be , quote here , a crock of shit . Wells take a moment , the wheel turn , then ... well well , what the hell ? you call it wrong , what be you gonna do ? acosta shoot a look . acosta in this game there be no right or wrong , there 's only hit and miss . well so , you still think you be right ? acosta I do not think I be right . I know I be right . there 's gold here . well I be happy you say that , Mike . I truly be . I believe you . acosta I hate to dash you hope , but do not you think other have come along before you , with the same think and , from the look of it , deeper pocket ? well Ring of fire be real . I know it the minute I hear it . it be like a lightning strike . I never forget it . acosta laugh . he can not help it . well ( cont ’d ) go ahead and laugh . I be use to it . but hear this , I do not just believe , I know . acosta no one will back I on this one . Wells mix they both two more strong one . well I will . I x11 get the money . 20 . acosta you look like you have to rob someone to get here . well tell I where you want to dig , Mike , and I 'il make sure the bill be pay . acosta you roll in here like we be old pal ? I be a mirage , mate . you know jack shit about who I be . well you know it 's out there . I can see it in you eye . you still believe . as Wells say this , we can see acosta start to believe , maybe for the first time in a while . well ( cont ’d ) I get it . I be bear on the side of a mountain , too . my father scrape everything he have out of the rock . he die with dirt under he fingernails . I intend to do the same . acosta just might be waver . Wells will not let he get away . well ( cont ’d ) this business write I off year ago , and maybe you be not run a hot hand ... let 's prove ‘em wrong . prove all of they wrong . and you know why ? ' Cause Ring of Fire be right . tell I I be crazy , I ’1ll be on the next plane . acosta be inscrutable . Wells wait , sweat . finally : acosta you be crazy . acosta rise from the table . he toss cash down and brushes past , leave Wells like a raft with a hole in it . acosta ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) do you have a hat ? discover acosta have stop behind Wells with a kind of this be the dumbest thing I will ever do expression . well yeah , I get a hat . 21 . but Wells be start to smile . acosta good . I be take you upriver . well what river be that , Mike ? acosta the only one that matter . acosta walk out . Wells drain he drink . and we go ... ext . talking bird fishing village - day a fishing village on market day . talk bird , snake gazer , and well , weekend sporty , exite a cab . the driver yell and point toward the river . everyone want to sell he something . he see acosta wait by a traditional freighter canoe with the long - shaft outboard . the boatman , obb , smoke a cigarette . acosta you be late . this be obb. Wells eye the boat warily . well that thing gonna make it ? acosta let 's hope so. ( mess with he ) ever see a borneo pit viper ? well well I tell you , mikey , I feel like I have meet a few -- acosta Drop out of the tree . good swimmer , no bigger than this ... ( hand 12 inch apart ) but if one get you , find a phone , call you love one . Wells look around . a few native face . hut . no phone . well ( be : they boat ) I go on the exact same thing once at weeky - watchee . Wells hop on the freighter canoe , rock the shit out of it . 22 . int . / ext . freighter canoe - kensana ( kin - sana ) river - day obb pull away from the pier . Wells watch '' civilization '' disappear behind a bend . and suddenly dayak tribesmen pan for gold . in 300 yard , they have go 5000 year back in time . acosta the dayak have be pan this river for thousand of year . that 's how it get it 's name , '' daya kensana . '' acosta let that hang there , like a tease . well daya kensana ? acosta the word , daya , actually mean upstream ... kensana mean gold . Wells can not contain he smile . well upstream gold ? acosta that 's its name . well you gotta be shittin’ I . if I have invent it , I would not have have the ball to name it that . angle on the journey native pass in a canoe go the other way ; wildlife along the shore ; angle from shore , poo raft next to clothes wash next to tooth brush . Wells stare . a snake drop and swim through the water . Wells coolly light a cigarette . rise up to see the freighter canoe tiny with a white wake , the river golden in color , bisect a endless green canopy . Wells pove . Sun and jet lag . the steady buzz of the prop . peer from under he hat , water roll by . his eye fight it , then shut . then acosta be shaking he awake . River narrower and darker under overhange tree . 23 . ext . kensana river landing - day the boatman pull up at a muddy bank . a faint trail go up into jungle . acosta hop ashore and Wells follow . acosta so , listen ... the dayak be warrior people . probably best know for ngayau ... headhunt . well what the fuck ? acosta they believe all of a man 's power be center in he head . so they take the head . do not happen much anymore , but they be probably around think we be trader or someone 's mother - in-law . suddenly Wells freeze . there be face in the leave , watch they . then Wells realize acosta have vanish up a dense trail . Wells nearly run after he . acosta stand . he have attach a heavy coconut to the end of a bamboo stick . he test its weight on the ground . thump . then set out again . thump thump thump . well okay , I ’1ll bite . what be that ? acosta it make the king cobras and python think a elephant be come . Wells watch every footfall . omit 24 . ext . jungle stopping point - day Light filter from high in the canopy . thump thump thump . the coconut vibrate the earth . Wells follow , drench in sweat . he stop . well get a world - class case of crotch rot back here . ( continue , then ) Jesus ... how long ..? acosta forty million year . for the geology to cook . then we come along and take it . well I mean -- acosta I know what you mean , Wells . but imagine be ask to give up something you have be hoard for 40 million year ? this jungle will test you , Wells . hold you up , weigh you , and decide you worth within a ounce . well do you always talk like this ? like a book on tape . acosta I suppose I do . do you listen to book on tape , Wells ? Ken fol-let ... Louis l'amour ... Ed - gar Rice bur-rough ? he 's really make a meal of that pulp name . well where be we go , acosta ? a no look point back over he shoulder -- acosta up. I want to show you something . well up ? how far up ? 24a . acosta six , seven mile top . watch you step . Wells look up . if there 's a way , only acosta can see it . 25 . ext . jungle - top of the ridge - afternoon acosta emerge from the foliage into a clear . Wells struggle up after -- acosta stand on the edge , stare out like a man who 's come home . Wells be bent over , suck air , drown in sweat ... acosta take a look . Wells look out and be instantly spellbound -- it 's just like he dream . golden light sparkles over a pristine valley . the kensana river snake around , smoke from a small village on the river far in the distance . well my God , it 's just like my dream . acosta there have be a few folk up here tapping over the year but they have all focus on the foothills far to the south , draw by the basalt overlay . he point to a area on the opposite side of the valley . acosta ( cont ’d ) what interest I be the other way , on the east bank , up from the river . that small depression , like a giant leave a footprint walk away . Far away we see limestone feature we will recognize from the '' washoe site . '' true excitement in acosta 's voice -- acosta ( cont ’d ) that limestone structure be 300 million year old , the pale color come from skeleton of tiny sea creature . but the placer gold I have recover there be much older . something happen there , Wells . something hot and angry . that 's where we will find the tasty bit . but Wells be barely listen . he 's transfix . well my dream ... it 's out there ... 26 . acosta damn right it be . two man together , stare out at they destiny , and we go : ext . kensana village - dusk a small village on the river . a vendor scoops rice onto flat leave , grill some kind of meat over a open fire . he put the two portion up on a flat board . Wells go for he wallet . acosta stop he , produce a small pouch . he remove a pinch of gold dust , sprinkle it on a scale on the vendor 's cart . acosta coin of the realm around here . ( beat ) when you think about it , gold be utterly useless . copper , Iron , beryllium , palladium , bismuth , this be metal you can do something with . but the one that 's good for nothing be the one that everybody want . do have a quality though . when you hold it in you hand , it do something to you . weight be adjust , a little more dust -- no one can take they eye off the sparkling gold . well like get you to spend you whole life look for it . ext . kensana village - dusk acosta .»+.so the lease be currently hold by a brazilian company . acosta sit comfortably , eat . Wells search he pocket , find a couple of mini-bar bottle of scotch , and a packet of airplane peanut . offer one of the bottle to acosta . well only chance you get of survive what 's in that bowl of microbe . acosta ...- they be look to unload it cheap - get bury on some kazakh venture . Wells find some peanut from the plane . eat they . 27 . well you know , mikey , I be start to love how you talk . and the first thing I be gonna do be move some paper . acosta none of the big guy will touch we . in Wells we see a touch of the old confidence return . well you want to raise money from the big boy , from Harvard endowment or some pension fund , I be not you guy . but the little guy , the guy you have never hear of ... that be my guy . how much do we need ? acosta Seven , seven-fifty to start . ouch ... Wells take a beat to re-focus . well but how much be we gonna need ? acosta it 's not just the lease . we must first procure a permit , which in Indonesia mean lining pocket . there be capital cost , too . equipment . you do not just do this with a couple shovel and a pick -axe . well I ‘’1l get the money . whatever it take . Wells be about to wipe he face with he napkin , but have a sudden idea . he pull out a pen and quickly scribbles something down on it then slide the napkin over to acosta . acosta what 's this ? well a contract . read it . sign it . acosta look over what Wells have write on the napkin . they share a look -- a moment . we don ’t see what 's on the napkin . acosta Fair enough . 28 . well we get a deal ? acosta sign and stick he hand out to Wells . they shake . acosta deal . int . dimly lit room - day well for the first time in my life , I be sell something I believe in . I could feel it in my bone . Wells up , remember the energy . reveal more of the space : a pastiche of several era , kind of a luxury camp mix with a whorehouse . well ( cont ’d ) any real salesman will tell you ... voice ( 0.s. ) Mr. Wells , please sit down . the voice belong to paul jenning , early 40s , buttone - down shirt , conservative suit , but a fun tie that be probably a gift . a tape recorder be on the table . two other man , bank and levine , both 30' , skeptical , watch as Wells take he seat again . well ... if you believe it , you can sure as shit sell it . int . the three greenhorn bar - morning burn ( bray into the phone ) Hell yeah it 's risky ... Bobby burn stand mid-pitch . burn ( cont 'd ) I be be straight here . but hey , no risk , no reward , right ? it 's the usual crowd , but the mood be electric . everyone 's work the phone , tell version of the same story . connie acosta ! largest copper strike in history . yeah , that guy . we get he -- 29 . nevins platinum resume . pla-ti-num . oxford. MIT . that 's right : the copper King -- burn kin-sana . Indonesia . it literally mean River of gold . no , I be not fuck kid . camera find Wells at the bar with he own phone , take in snippet of the phone pitch . well ( into phone ) it 's a 20 k minimum buy - in and share be fly off the shelf . Kay , pass with a tray of drink , as Kenny try to pull she over . she shrug out of he grasp and continue on . well ( cont ’d ) Babe , this be fuck crazy -- burn go like hotcake . hotcakes ! connie cover the mouthpiece , interrupt over -- connie I be bat 500 . babefuckingruth . every other call , Kenny . well keep throw the line . ( into phone ) the best . what have I tell you ? the best . ( call to Kay ) Babe , shine that dance shoe , get ‘em ready -- she flip he off . it 's not a forever anger , but she 's angry . acosta ( 0.s. ) we do not even have the exploration rights . what be they sell ? well they be sell the story , Mike . and right now , the story be you . hey , speak of which , what be you do ? 29a . acosta ( 0.s. ) I be down in kupang City , look at core equipment . 30 . well ( yell to the guy ) acosta 's in kupang City look at core equipment . the sale pitch shift , kupang City . special core equipment . burn ( into phone ) coring rig will come from kupang City . I will put you down for 20 . two share . you get it . well ( into phone ) you be magic . and as we look over this makeshift trading floor in full action , the SOUND of keys be punched rise above the din of sale chatter -- tape printout scrolling , and we be ... int . the three greenhorn bar - night Bobby burn bang figure into a adding machine . Wells circle . it 's be a long day , everyone 's exhaust . burn scroll the tape , tear it off with a flourish . pass it to Wells , who read , swallow hard , then deliver the number . well ( into phone ) two hundred sixty seven thousand , four hundred and thirty - four dollar . over the phone , there 's silence . ext . mining supply - kupang CITY , indonesia - day acosta check out new equipment while on a portable phone -- acosta ( into phone ) not exactly the number I have in mind . realize acosta be now look at the used equipment yard . ext . used equipment yard - kupang CITY - day acosta stand look up at rusting industrial dinosaur against the endless blue sky . well ( 0.s. ) I might be able to borrow a little bit against it . ( beat ) ( more ) well ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) no. Truth . that 's it for now . can you make it work ? acosta that will get we the permit , a few hole . if we work fast and get lucky , who know ... well get we a little good news and we will raise more money . suddenly hear some dude at a foosball table loudly arguing over pac - 10 football , drown out Wells . acosta you work out of a bar , Wells ? well keeping a lid on expense , Mike . makin 's the dollar holler . acosta hang up , wonder just what he 's get himself into . he examine a well - use drill , speak bahasa with the mining equipment salesman , haggling . int . kay 's house - bedroom - night a suitcase on the bed . Wells sorta pack , a haphazard undertake under the best of circumstance . he take a drink . survey the possibility . well which tie ? this one or this one ? reveal Kay behind he , drink in hand . kay I want my watch back . well first off , it 's you mother 's and second you be gonna get it back . kay it be my mother 's until she give it to I . 32-32a . well I gotta bring my good shoe , where be my good shoe ? kay look under the bed . I do not like to see my stuff up in pawn , Kenny . you know I be sensitive to it . he get down to look under the bed . see he ass stick out . well we always talk about we dream , about the ranch , clean air , big view , we place above it all . that 's what I be doin’ , get we out of this shitbox . kay I do not mind this shitbox . he 's back up with the shoe . well see , right there , that 's what I love -- you be like one of that booster rocket that help we get up to the star . stands back with the shoe . he wiggle the shoe . well ( cont ’d ) too much ? kay what the fuck , Kenny ? kay ( cont 'd ) we figure shit out together , Kenny . through thick and fuckin’ thin . if you need my watch , I would give it to you . well I know , babe . I ‘’1l be back soon , I promise . he start off ... then pause like he remember one last thing . well ( cont ’d ) oh , here -- why do not you time I ? he dangle she mother 's watch . turn , smile . she smile , too . Love rush in , overflow . 32-32aa . kay wear the blue tie . it bring out you eye . 33 . as we pre - lap a call to prayer -- ext . jakarta , indonesia - dawn cross river traffic reveal a luxury hotel amid minaret . Super : jakarta , indonesia int . jakarta palace HOTEL suite - day acosta go over paperwork , shave , hair groom , transformed . Wells , adjust he blue tie , come out of the bathroom . acosta what 's that smell ? well I drop a goose . 33A . acosta and be you wear cologne ? well yeah , why ? you get turn on ? 34 . acosta listen to I : we have one shot at this . he 's the Minister of the Interior of Indonesia . if he do not like we for any reason , we be do . never put you hand on you hip . cross you arm be consider aggressive . and cologne , here , be a insult . well you get a whiff of some of the folk around here ? I might suggest change the national cologne policy . acosta we get the deal . we do not insult . we do not talk . we listen , we get we permit and we get out . be we clear ? well «.- yeah . get it . acosta now go wash it off . Wells stand there for a moment like a humiliate child . then go back into the bathroom . off acosta , we go : int . jakarta palace restaurant - day a formal room with a chinese theme . seat at the table be the minister of mining . a cadre of security and yes-men flanking . the Minister speak with a culture Indonesian accent . minister .-. I have review you permit request for the kensana property ... as a waiter pour hot liquid into small bowl at each set , we find Wells perspire in he bad suit . he pick up he bowl and start to sip he '' tea . '' acosta clear he throat -- Wells see the Minister dip he finger into he bowl . minister ( cont 'd ) ( to acosta ) there be a conspicuous lack of documentation . well hey , we have get the paperwork -- the Minister ignore he as acosta jump in . 34aa . acosta yes , excellency . we have report from previous attempt , but judge it best not to waste you valuable time . the Minister accept this , but still ignore Wells . minister ( beat , to acosta ) what make you think you will find what other before you could not ? acosta they be look in the wrong place . the underlying geology be sound . giant prawn be place in front of they . Wells can not help it -- 34a . well hey , can I get a fork ? the waiter do not move . acosta and the Minister ignore Wells . 35 . acosta there 's gold there , excellency . and with you bless , we will find it . a long beat . Wells get uncomfortable . realize he arm be cross . uncross they . and sell . well Mike really know he stuff . there 's no one better ... the Minister do not even look at Wells , address acosta . minister as you know , we natural resource be a divine inheritance of all the people . acosta as be you capable stewardship , excellency . minister a heavy responsibility to be sure . Wells fidget , then bark to a waiter -- well hey ! who 's a guy gotta bang to get a drink around here ? Wells definitely have the Minister 's attention now . minister I be a Muslim , sir . I do not drink . well I be a american and I do . and last time I check , I be host this little shindig , so you might want to at least acknowledge I be sit here . minister you be most definitely a american . well what 's that mean ? minister it 's the belief that pay for lunch be a substitute for manners . 36 . well you be right . and I apologize . I can see I have offended you delicate moral sensibility . but I may have just the thing to help you get over it . and with that , he pull out a thick wad of cash from he jacket , set it down on the lazy Susan with a thud . and then spin it -- the cash rotate around the large table toward the Minister . the Minister stare at Wells with contempt . well ( cont ’d ) now that you mention it , I have be think of convert to Muslim . acosta that 's enough . well even if we do not find any gold , at least I still get the forty virgin -- acosta Wells --! well I be not greedy . I will go half -- twenty 's a windfall . Hell , if they be really virgin , two would probably kill I . the cash slowly stop revolve . the Minister never look at it . he stand , throw down he napkin , and , entourage in tow , sweep imperiously from the restaurant . acosta look at Wells , he anger and disbelief palpable . then he grab up the cash and go . Wells be alone , he face flushed with embarrassment . he see a patron stare at he . well ( cont ’d ) what the fuck be you look at ? Wells pour himself a cup of tea , hand shaking as he drink . then he look up and see acosta come back . Wells stand , about to apologize , but before he can speak -- crack ! acosta deck he . Wells fall backwards over the chair , hit the floor . he look up at acosta stand over he and , in a flash , recognize just how much this matter to he , that much of he poise be a kind of cover . well ( cont ’d ) you gonna tell I what happen ? Wells get up , brush himself off . acosta take he time . 37 . well ( cont ’d ) I be sorry , I could not hear you . acosta he take the money . a smile spread across Wells 's face . well of course he take the money . it 's money . ext . kensana valley - day infinite jungle in a anamorphic frame . every leaf and blade of grass sway in the wind . then acosta appear . this be Wells 's Pov . he hurry to stay close . acosta stop move . he look at Wells . he look down . Wells approach cautiously and also look down . acosta make a X in the soil . now reveal a small army of native worker wait . a foreman shriek and they break into motion ... clear the '' giant 's footstep '' for the first drill position at the '' washoe site . '' the sky be blue , dot with white cloud ; the river sparkles gold surround by the limestone cliff . tight shot of assembly , metal to metal . acosta busy . Wells , in he loman suit slapping at mosquitos , jungle press in . ext . washoe site - various - day a metal scaffold lyrically sway above the grass , frame against the limestone cliff . a break in the grass suddenly reveal a water BUFFALO pull the first drill . the drill be position . jungle have be beat back . a girl lead a goat out of a watchful crowd to the drill where a dayak '' boretn '' wait . he murmur prayer in he language . then pull a knife and , without hesitation or sentimentality , draw it across the goat 's neck -- a arm yank the pull - cord on the drill , roaring to life -- pan native face to find well as a gentle SUN shower begin to rain down . 38 . well see , ahh ... that 's beautiful ! the sky be bless we . acosta stare up at the sky with a different perspective . acosta monsoon 's come early . well monsoon ? crack ! flash of lighting . Wells 's face realize the seriousness . thunder rumble . rain fall harder . the drill spin down into the earth ... int . MAIN tent - night vinyl spin on a record player . something lofty , obscure . well a record player ? be I pay for that ? but you can tell the whole thing make Wells happy . he 's get a whiskey . the native foreman be there . and through the flap two distant drill glow under color tarpaulin . acosta ( be : the map ) we be here . and now we step out ina semi-circular pattern . six man crew , twelve hour shift , around the clock . tomorrow I will start look at core sample . we will send the most promise down river to the assay lab . when we get a hit we will drop hole to chart the contour of the vein . ext . washoe site - various - day Three foot rock core laid out in a wooden box ... pull back to reveal ten box ... then twenty ... move inside -- the core shed where a circular saw cut a core . Wells watch acosta examine a section , then toss it in a rock crusher ... the rubble be then bag in canvas sack ... which be close and seal with hot wax ... and finally stamp with a washoe logo . the core sample be carry in a long line through the valley toward the river -- a Indonesian salgado come to life . Wells and acosta watch , all hope and dream in that line . 39 . well what do we do now ? camera rise up from the worker carry the core sample to the limestone cliff and endless sky . acosta ( 0.s. ) we wait . and we keep drilling . dissolve to : int . MAIN tent - dusk Wells spray himself liberally in bug spray , make a cloud under the light . almost immediately a bug bite he shoulder . well this bug do not give a fuck about this bug spray . at the camp stove Wells , spatula in hand , watch mystery meat sizzle . he cook and talk over he shoulder to acosta who be work . well ( cont ’d ) the guy who invent the hamburger be smart . but the guy who invent the cheeseburger ... genius . he begin serve they up . well ( cont ’d ) do not ask where this meat come from . it’s later they be both relax . Wells maybe a bit more relaxed . well ( cont ’d ) goddamn jungle . nothing for 200 mile and look at we . not so bad . acosta take in the night . raise he cup in a salute to the dark jungle all around . they both drink . acosta what 's the meaning of the tattoo ? well it 's from a poem I read as a kid : ( acosta wait ) the bird with no foot sleep on the wind . 39aa . acosta you be full of mystery , Wells . you really be . well you get any tattoo , Mike ? acosta only on the inside . Wells look at he a beat , then look out into the dark . the sound of drilling drift across the valley floor . omit dissolve to : and a lone messenger run up the trail ... ext . washoe site - day later Wells meet he halfway , take the assay report and tear it open , read . even from a distance we can tell it 's bad news . a drill be move to a new position . drill 2 be move . core be crushed and bagged . a canoe load with core sample motor away down the rise river . the rain be torrential . the MAIN tent look like it 's about to float away . acosta meeting obb ... Wells meeting he ... acosta ... int . washoe site - MAIN tent - continuous acosta and Wells , back to back , work . acosta think about geology , Wells look at financial . realize neither one be look at a unopen report on the table . finally acosta tear it open , read it . pass it to Wells : indo - karta laboratories - assay report . well ...- this thing look worse every time we get one . acosta stare steadily at he map , which show a increasingly desperate spray of hole . well ( cont ’d ) thirty , 100 meter hole , Mike . thirty . and what do we get ? we get shit . acosta remember what I tell you about patience ? 39ab . well remember what I tell you about money ? acosta yeah , it be not a problem . 39a . look at the number . they do not lie . well it 's a problem now . acosta I nil try something else . move further up the seam . Drop 80 meter hole . move faster . 40 . well do it . Wells suddenly shudder with a chill . acosta look at he . well ( cont ’d ) I be fine . acosta you do not look so good . well it 's ninety - eight degree out and pissing rain . and all we be pull up be dinosaur shit . how be I suppose to look ? ( beat ) Jesus , I be freezing . Wells start to shake . acosta put a hand to Wells 's head . acosta you be burn up . well I be fine . ( off acosta 's concern ) I say , I be fine . Wells force himself to stand . he move to acosta 's map . well ( cont ’d ) all right , where do we go next ? but Wells have to sit . off acosta 's concerned look we go ... ext . washoe site - day that fuck rain . worker , meager item hold in plastic bag , assemble in they tent . the foreman speak to he man . well ( v.o ) we drill we hole , assay the core and get nothing . Zero . we be nearly bust , out of money , out of time . worker quit . but , no way I be give up , I be gonna find a way to keep go if it kill I . 41 . one rig be silent . Wells struggle across the compound through the downpour to stop the man from leave . he fall . pick himself up . wave he arm . yell in a language they do not speak . even the buffalo be leave . he slip again -- well ( v.o ) ( cont 'd ) I pick up a bad case of malaria , which take out something like a million people a year ... and I be on the list . from the mud he see the worker vanish , a skeleton crew on the remain rig . he roll on he back . and still the rain come down . int . MAIN tent - rainy dusk acosta enter . do not realize Wells be slump in a chair in the gloom . well the worker be leave , Mike . acosta I know . I have get the new assay report . acosta light a lantern , see Wells . acosta ( cont ’d ) Jesus . get you ass in bed already . it 's a effort for Wells to speak , painful . well talk to I . acosta there 's nothing to talk about . we be not find anything . Wells sag . the reality that he 's lose again sink in . Wells have another fit of chill . he 's half - delirious . well maybe we be push they too hard . maybe we should take it easy , enjoy it a little bit . acosta take it easy ? be that a reno bumper sticker ? the loser 's credo . 42 . well Nah , man , it 's just life . sometimes you just gotta take it easy ... I be freezing . acosta help he to he cot . pull the thin blanket over . well ( cont ’d ) maybe cut ‘em all in ... offer ownership , share in the upside ... the distant whine of the last drill suddenly goe quiet . the timeless cacophony of the jungle rise . well ( cont ’d ) I be scared , Mike . do not let I die out here for nothing ... Wells pass out into a feverish sleep . acosta watch he a long time before reach a decision . ext . MAIN tent - dawn acosta step into the empty , silent camp . rain curtain off he hat . he set out alone . ext . longhouse village - later acosta walk through the rainy jungle toward a village . see native in the limestone cliff look down . acosta pass a pond where people bathe and fill jug with muddy water . at the longhouse there be dayak women on the porch . acosta have a few quiet word . one slowly stand , disappear through the dark open . acosta can not see inside . it 's too dark . the remain woman look at he evenly . the '' foreman '' appear , obviously a local chief . acosta ( dayak ) what can I do to get you to return to work ? we be run out of money , it 's true . but we be close . I know it . a beat as the foreman consider acosta . then he gesture to follow . the rise cry of a child can be hear . int . thatch hut - day thrumm rain on the thatch and in half - gloom find a feverish child . acosta watch as the mother try to get he to take a sip of water . acosta kneel and pass he canteen to the mother . urge she to pour clean water . 43 . well ( v.o. ) he realize what they need be not stock option , but drink water and antibiotic . and damned if he do not go to every little place every one of we people come from . stream that have no name . all feed the great kensana river . int . dimly lit room - day a skeptical jenning observe Wells a moment . jenning and you believe this be sincere ? well absolutely . Mike 's half a native anyway . he be try everything . and I be a mess . malaria be no joke . int . MAIN tent - day the monsoon continue , but Wells be oblivious , a shudder chill wrack he body . acosta watch this uneasily . acosta we need to get you out of here . I be pull the plug . well not happen . tell I the plan . acosta what they need ... they need clean water , antibiotic ... ( reluctant ) if we get filter system up here , I think they will come back . Wells look up with dim eye , a smile crossing he face . well I have get maybe eighteen hundred dollar of room leave on the Visa . five hundred on diner 's Club . use it all . Wells hot and dry . acosta look down at he . he do not think Wells be gonna make it . he 's see it before . ext . SMALL creek - day a break in the rain . misty cloud circle limestone mountain . 43a . Brown water in a micro filter as acosta hang it from a branch . clear water flow out a hose . a child taste the clean water , do not like it . several child laugh . in the river a mother sit with she baby on she lap . 44 , as acosta fill another filter , reveal native find gold up the stream . it almost mock acosta . int . MAIN tent - day the same limestone cliff ... only now we tilt down and find reno , gaudy neon nestle in GREEN jungle . casino sound and noise mix with jungle . Wells toss and turn on the cot have he fever dream . well ( v.o ) I spend the next few week in a malarial haze . I should have be dead . the worker stay . Mike keep it all go . and he keep I alive . ext . SMALL creek - day acosta in the rain , turn and see something that stop he -- well ( v.o. ) do he manage to enjoy himself a little bit along the way ..? a beautiful native girl stare at acosta through the rain . it 's like they know each other . well ( v.o . how should I know ? I be delirious . I do not recommend malaria treat with a bunch of leave . int . MAIN tent - day rain . and the sound of a igniting flame ... fummm --! a butane flame . and Wells in and out of consciousness to find a boretn in they tent brewing a potion of herb as acosta watch . well what be that ? acosta no idea . but they say it work . well they do not have electricity . or sock . the boretn bring a bamboo mug toward Wells . acosta come on , get it down . 45 . Wells choke down the remedy . ext . washoe site - various - day limestone cliff and mist . drill spin , bite into earth . Cloud pass overhead . Men feed pipe to the machine . Wells drench in sweat , look like death -- acosta and foreman load core sample onto a boat . drill spinning , bite into the earth / well tossing , turning , drench as the FEVER finally break . obb bring another report . acosta read , betray no emotion . FEVER dream : a raft floating on a golden river ... we be drift toward it as it go around a bend ... something on it ... a body .. funeral bier . closer ... closer ... it 's well -- int . MAIN tent - day well come to -- surprised to be alive . surprise it 's not raining . realize acosta be right there look at he . well what day be it ? acosta no idea . well month ? acosta August . see this be a different month than Wells expect . well you be sit here this whole time ? acosta let 's not get carry away . Wells now realize acosta have a assay report . well you gonna talk , or what ? acosta we pull seventeen more core . he look at Wells , unreadable . 45a . well what ? what do they say ? no good ? 46 . acosta not good ... Wells fall back . acosta stand , a completely different look on he face , one of wonder -- acosta ( cont ’d ) more in the vicinity of great . Wells look up . a face that 's almost afraid to hope . well do not mess around , Mike . acosta eighth of a ounce per ton . Wells scan the report , rise to he foot . well eighth of a ounce per ... what !!?? acosta smile -- Wells be in shock . acosta we have get a strike , Kenny . Wells smile , laugh , scream ! well we have get ourselves a gold mine ! acosta that we do . Wells struggle up to he foot and join acosta best he can in jump up and down . well we got a gold mine ..! we got a gold mine ..! camera drift outside to meet Wells who appear through the doorway as he yell to the hill -- well ( cont 'd ) we got a goddamn gold mine --!!! which echoes back to he from the cliff -- well echo we got a goddamn gold mine mine mine ! ! smash to : 47 . int . the three greenhorn bar - night pop !!! gold -leafed bottle in bucket . Champagne spray from the bottle as Wells move through the crowd at the bar , fill everyone 's glass . well ( v.o ) that moment , there 's no way I could possibly describe the feel . the regular be all here , share in Wells 's victory . well ( v.o ) ( cont 'd ) it 's amazing how a little gold dust can change everything . for better or worse , the ride have begin . and what a goddamn ride ... int . the three greenhorn bar - later the place be vibrate ! music over . Wells be with Bobby burn and connie and nevins celebrate at the bar . Kay pass out a round of drink , the last one to Wells . Kenny look at Kay ; Kay look at Kenny , deep into each other , a small moment of private understanding in pass that say it all . then he turn to he guy : well to the best team in the business ! connie you be a stand up guy , Kenny . nevins to share the wealth . well to the mother lode ! they clink glass and drink deeply , " to the mother lode ! " int . / ext . caddy eldorado - scenic country road - day Kenny and Kay drive into the hill on a perfect afternoon . fun and carefree , window down , 70 's music on the radio . kenny smell that ? smell that air ? Mountain air . it 's a tonic . kay ah , so good . so good . 47a . they be sing along . pass small family ranch . kay ( cont 'd ) remember I tell you Janice get promote to run truckee ? well mmm hmm . good for she . kay well , Carl ask I if I have like to be consider to take she place . Assistant manager position . outside the car as they go zipping past , music trail , a ghost town , fade sign and abandon building ... a dangle sign read , '' maggie' creek ... pop -- '' 0 '' in spray paint . well that 's great , babe . kay everything 's work out so great . 48 . by way of agreement he rub she thigh where the dress have ride up . sunlight filter through the tree above . Kay 's toe be paint eggshell blue . well you be gonna be able to quit all of it if you want ... never work another day in you life . Blue sky come . int . eldorado - magic hour well Close you eye . Wells drive down a country lane . ext . eldorado - day Wells stop , get out and start around the car . kay ( happy ) Kenny Wells , what be you do ? well eye close . no peek . he open Kay 's door , lead she a short distance . well ( cont ’d ) okay , now open ‘em . she open she eye . in she eye something immense that must be comprehend . and for a moment we do not see what she 's see and then we do : dream ranch land the sweep of ranch land be epic . prairie dog hop away . elk in the distance the size of ant . kay it 's beautiful . well it 's go to be we place , above it all , away from it all . like we always want . we will put the house here . ( more ) 49 . well ( cont 'd ) fieldstone and oak . the kind that last forever . a big kitchen where I be stand . and a great room with two fireplace . he turn to look at Kay , to see if she 's go with it . kay can we afford this ? well almost , baby . almost ... Wells jog a short distance away , still go ... well ( cont 'd ) bedroom here and here and here ... and here ... for the kid . ah , come on , Kay ... how many kid ? kay people usually start with one . they look at each other . it 's golden hour . then she skip through the field toward he . kay ( cont 'd ) Kitchen should go the other way , Kenny . to get the morning light . int . the three greenhorn bar - night Wells lay it out for the boy : burn , connie , and nevins . well it will be straight commission to start , but this hook 's get meat on it . there 's money out there , so reel it in . they throw back the rest of what 's in they glass . Wells lean over and whisper to Bobby burn . well ( cont ’d ) this stock 's gonna start cooking . you sell a little here and there . do not wait . think rainy day , Bobby boy . ext . dream ranch land - dusk the car door be open , a great song play on the radio . Wells and Kay slow dance in the field as a glorious sunset fade . 50 . and pulling back to find a billboard on stilt show a '' dream house . '' as Kay and Wells slowly turn in the distance and the music be gently blow away across the field . int . three greenhorn bar - night Wells and Kay dance in that way happy couple do , almost like they be one person , she head melting against he chest . burn ( 0.s. ) Kenny ... this be Walt kealer . he publish '' the gold digger . '' kealer we reach a half a million reader and they have all love to know what you get cooking over there in Indonesia . you have a minute , I 'il buy you a drink . kealer , a serious guy , and burn both look at Kay . kay ( almost a whisper ) no one dance like you . ( to the world ) he 's all yours , Walt . well Hell , I read the gold digger . step over to my office , Walt . Wells signal for two drink , lead kealer to the booth . kealer they be say you bring this in , you will get the Golden pickaxe . what do you say about that ? well I say we probably just jinxed it . kealer how many ounce you guess ? well million of ounce , walt. million . kealer whistle . make a note . 50a . kealer placer mining ? well hard rock . it be not amateur hour . kealer how 's the infrastructure ? 51 . well Building it from the ground up . Wells see Kay at the bar flirt / teasing with two regular . Queen of the runway . he love this . at the bar Kay wait for Roy to mix fresh drink . roy ( nodd at Wells ) seem like someone 's ship be finally come in . kay everyone 's , roy. ( so proud ) he make shit happen . he really do . a customer sidle up and wrap a big arm around . Kay flash some wattage -- kay ( cont 'd ) jd , where you be hidin’ yourself ? back with well --— kealer on a different tack , what do you think you dad would say if he could see you right now ? well the last card you turn over be the one that matter . int . coleman & mead capital group - clive 's office - day clive coleman , 70' , flanke by a now - deferential andrew and stanton , opposite Wells . clive Kenny , you father and I start out together in this business . Hell , he put I in the business , but I do not have to tell you that . well dad always speak well of you , clive . clive one of the best man I ever know . 5laa . the mention of he father in this context make Wells proud . clive ( cont 'd ) you have go from 4 to 23 cent on the first assay result . and you have pull two more that confirm that finding ? well Three more . clive Three more ... I would like to underwrite a private placement of washoe stock . I believe we can raise between eight and ten million dollar . well Capital 's definitely top of the agenda right now . clive a lot of folk will want to make this deal , but we have get history and I hope you know you can trust I . I only wish you would bring it to I sooner . I could have help you from the get-go . 51a . 52 . Wells 's gaze now slide to stanton , a deer in headlight . Wells push he coffee mug across the table . well top that off for I , will you ? stanton rise and exit with Wells 's mug . we follow he -- int . coleman & mead capital group - hallway - continuous stanton walk to the kitchenette . a coworker look at he like a condemn man . hear laughter from the conference room . he pour the coffee , take a deep breath , and head back . int . coleman & mead capital group - conference room - day stanton come back in to find the group on they foot , Wells shaking hand with clive coleman . clive stanton . Mr. Wells have agree to give we he business . on one condition . stanton blanch . here it come . Wells be stone - face . well I want you to personally handle my account . I need you to be available to I 24 - 7 and 365 . stanton be speechless for just a moment , but find he voice . stanton absolutely . yes . thank you . clive slap the stunne stanton on the shoulder . clive congratulation . seem you make quite a impression . a look between Wells and stanton , a look of understanding . stanton be grateful , but also know that Wells own he . well it 's gonna be a wild - ass ride . you ready for that ? 53 . stanton yes , sir . well then what be we stand here for ? let 's go make some money . sequence -- -- the washoe site -- the noise be staggering as acosta supervise more core drilling . four drill now work , converging as they map the contour of the vein . -- the assay lab -- a washoe sack be cut open , the crush rock core sample be pour onto a industrial scale . -- the three greenhorn bar -- Wells , Bobby burn and the guy work the phone . Kay bring Wells another seagram . he give she a smile , never miss a beat of he pitch . -- stock ticker -- washoe climb ... $ 2.75 ... $ 3.10 ... $ 4.87 ... acosta ( v.o. ) Kenny . you check the last report ? well ( v.o. ) I be look at it now ... Holy shit ... holy shit ! -- view through a microscope -- and there it be , scattered among the base rock -- gold ! fleck of it , but there 's something preternatural about the way it glitter , and at this magnification , it be mesmerize . acosta ( v.o. ) Holy shit be right , my friend . well ( v.o. ) whoooow !!! int . / ext . new washoe office montage - day -- a reno office build catch morning sun . washoe mining plaque slide into the lobby list of tenant . reverse to well watch , the boy behind hold box of stuff . -- elevator OPEN . washoe sign first thing you see . the boy all swoop in and fan out and get to work . -- twelve pack go in the fridge . fold table open . phone pull out of box , wire snake across the floor . -- a fax machine begin slowly tick out a fax : washoe team head by geologist mike acosta ... 54 . -- booze bottle onto glass shelve ... and we be in Wells 's corner office . he and Kay oversee something . whip to a stuffed elk , evidence of the greenhorn , now on the wall . well damn nice of Roy to loan we that elk . she push he backwards by he chest until he 's sit new desk chair . she straddle he . corner window . View of reno. well ( cont ’d ) Kay , do you want to work here ? quit all that other job ? she look at he . kay you be the prospector , Mr. Wells . I x11 be the barmaid who get sweep off she foot . he spin he chair . around and around they go -- well I love you , Kay . kay you better . -- camera race across the floor to find the fax be finished . connie tear it off and read it : " update estimate on indonesian mine -- kensana to yield in excess of 10 million ounce ! " connie stare in disbelief . connie we be gonna be so fuck rich . cross CUT to : -- a computer screen -- washoem financial display in graph and chart . washoe 's share price be list at $ 6.26 . pull back to reveal we be in -- int . brown , thomas - trading floor - new york - day a young banker , brian woolf ( 30' ) , scan the info on he screen . he hit print and stride across the trading floor . he barely break stride as he pass the printer , grab the freshly print document and we go ... int . brown , thomas - hollis dresher 's office - moment later 50th floor. breathtake Manhattan view . we be suddenly a long , long way from reno . a file on a desk : ideas for hollis . 55 . inside -- recommendation : washoe mining lot . strength of conviction -- high . woolf stand before hollis dresher ( 50' ) , impeccable in bespoke , as dresher look over the newly print document . dresher who be they ? woolf wildcatter basically . this acosta have some success before . copper . get take over by Freeport Mac . it 's all in there . dresher take a moment before look up from the document . dresher I like this . bring they in . let 's have a closer look . int . washoe office - '' conference room '' - day a fold table in Kenny 's office . Wells be with Bobby burn , connie wright and stanton ... a washoe board meeting . stanton we be about fifty percent allocate right now . and we want to set aside thirty of the remain fifty for you boy to unload . they love this idea . it 's low-hanging fruit at this point . well hold that think . I gotta bleed the beast . as soon as he 's go , the phone ring . they all stare at it . bobby / connie / nevins Kay !! through the doorway , pass , without miss a beat -- kay ( into phone ) good morning , washoe mining . how may I direct you call . ( beat ) please hold . she cover the mouthpiece , then realize they actually have a hold button . which she press . 56 . kay ( cont 'd ) Kenny ! you get a call ! Wells emerge from the executive head . they all watch he pick up the receiver . Press the button . well this be Kenny Wells . int . brown , thomas - dresher 's office - new york - day woolf , look over the skyline . woolf Mr. Wells . this be bryan woolf of Brown , Thomas , in New York . well ( v.o. ) no shit . int . washoe office - day Wells be listen , start to fidget nervously . well ( into phone ) wait . really ? ... ( cover phone ) bryan woolf , mineral group at Brown , Thomas in NYC . stanton ( impressed ) Brown , Thomas . wow . well ( into phone ) okay . okay ... I look forward to it . Wells slowly hang up . everyone look , what just happen ? then , Wells call out -- well ( cont ’d ) Kay , they be fly I out ! everyone feel a bit of awe and excitement . Kay 's smile be paint there like a barmaid mona Lisa . 57 . ext . the seagram build - day the seagram building , solid as the booze that build it . and at the base , Wells stare up . as acosta look he over . acosta Wells . Wells --! well I truly have no idea there be a seagram building . like the vatican . acosta Wells ! where have you get the tie ? Wells look down at the tie . well Airport . forty buck . do not like it ? acosta snap off the tag still hang from the loop . acosta you ready ? well who you talk to , mikey ? but Wells 's eye be catch by some wall STREET honchos , compose , confident , effortless , head to a meeting . acosta Wells ! well stop say my name . be you ready ? Wells pull he gaze back . they look at each other . neither one be ready . well ( cont ’d ) shit . we be all just sell use car . Wells brushes by confidently . and we go : 58. int . brown , thomas - conference room - day woolf , dresher and other in the mineral group . in this rarefy air , Wells look out of he depth -- well we have get a private placement in play right now that 's over fifty percent subscribe ! and that 's off we current assay . the number keep come in good , and they will , sky 's the limit on this thing . woolf step up , he 's sophisticated , confident . woolf you do not need to sell we , Mr. Wells . we have do the math and we believe you be sit on the large gold find of the decade . at Brown , Thomas we have a history of help guide people such as yourself through what be sometimes complicated water . well complicate how ? woolf that delicate balance , Mr. Wells , between be asset rich and cash poor . the important thing be we believe you can go all the way and we want to help you get there . Wells love this . woolf have say exactly the right thing , but you also get the feel he have do this many time before . woolf ( cont ’d ) we will need big money onboard , of course , investment bank , mutual fund manager , pension fund administrator . we have the team and the relationship to introduce you to this world . well we have do all right up to now . woolf there be no doubt about that . he smile . 59 . woolf ( cont ’d ) May I speak plainly , Mr. Wells ? Wells look at acosta , then back to woolf . well that 's the only way to speak , bryan . woolf we client will want to see a serious plan to turn lab result in a volatile region into a investment we can all stake we reputation on . well that 's not gonna be a problem -- woolf it 's not a problem , per se , but there remain the fact that neither of you have take a find of this magnitude all the way through production . well now wait a minute . we find it . we can dig it up . it 's not that complicated . woolf ( choose word carefully ) actually , historically , what we have find be it can be quite complicated and we would like to help formulate how you present the operation side . suddenly Wells be beginning to feel a little push . well what do that even mean ? what 's he say ? woolf I would like you both to consider bring on a strategic partner . Wells be suddenly wary . and we see how small town he really be . he lift woolf 's business card -- well ( read ) manage director of substrate mineral , Metals , oil , and Gas . I do not even know what that be . ( more ) well ( cont 'd ) have any of you ever set one of you hand - make loafer down in a hole on the side of a mountain ? washoe have history . 59a . 60 . woolf we have do a fairly thorough analysis of washoe , Mr. Wells . and we believe you need some strategic help . well it 's a new day . and indo be goddamn different . ( bang table ) I know how to bring this baby in ! acosta observe Wells for a moment . we think acosta be go to judge he , pile on ... instead : 61 . acosta Wells come and find I . I be at a low point , I 'il admit . it happen in this business . up and downs . he back I with he last cent . more than that he risk he life . almost lose it , too . and now we have the bull by its horn . well a big - ass bull ! acosta I have work with the best and I can tell you Kenny Wells be up there with they . which must count for something . a declaration of friendship , and faith . this mean the world woolf it do , Mr. acosta . we be not by any stretch of the imagination suggest that anyone take a backseat , we be simply ask you to be open to strategic alliance . well no fuck way . that 's that . acosta go to the window . he look out . acosta there 's something about find gold -- it 's difficult to put into word -- the taste of it on you tongue , gritty and electric , the feel of it between you finger . it 's like a drug . it hook you . it 's what you be miss here in the city ; so you must understand why we feel a bit possessive over it . ( beat ) so I have proposal : put together you institutional player , the guy who rep the big money , whomever need to kick the tire on this thing ... and we will take they on a little trip up the river ... now Wells be look at acosta , start to go with it -- acosta ( cont ’d ) you know what river that be ? 61a . well the only river that matter -- the kensana --! acosta and they can decide for themselves if we be ready to scale this thing up . CUT to : int . dimly lit room - night jenning so it be acosta who propose the junket to kensana ? or do you cook that up together ? Wells look at jenning . well you just do not get it . we be not '' cooking up '' anything . ( more ) 62 . well ( cont 'd ) I be get hit from all side by people want in -- hart Hubbard , my neighbor , lawn care professional , usually worried about Kay 's mulberry over he back fence , only now he 's drop mining term , '' Kenny , I hear the grade purity at kensana be quite high . how be the core frequency ? '' hart Hubbard . he cut grass for a live . jenning we have interview Mr. Hubbard . Wells look at jenning and bank and Levine . all dress up in they middle - class rectitude . well I be just say I be not feel like I have to cook up anything . jenning so it be acosta who propose the banker junket ? well ( beat ) yes . ( can not help himself ) and it be a genius move . I do not exactly cut the right figure in a Wall Street boardroom . they do not like my suit or the smell of my whiskey . and let 's be clear : we be in a fight , a fight for control . with that one move Mike shift the balance of power . CUT to : int . jakarta INTERNATIONAL airport - day a group of banker blink in blind tropical sunlight as they follow Wells out of the terminal . well ( v.o. ) they be come to we house and that be a whole new ball game . owen ( 40 ) , binkert and jackson ( 30 's ) . this be man set free from the concrete jungle , ready for a taste of the real thing . they all pull wheeled carry - on , some dress in the latest '' in '' safari-wear from Ralph lauren . they be meet by Mike acosta , in full bush gear . suddenly the banker 's outfit look foolishly ersatz . 63 . well gentlemen , this be Mike acosta . acosta anyone who want to turn back , this be you last chance . they all look at he , '' be he fuck kid ?... " well he 's messin’ with you , come on . a few of the banker sigh , some be not sure . well ( cont ’d ) welcome to indo , boy . ext . kensana river - day the front of a canoe break the plane , follow by owen , binkert , Jackson ... take it all in . it 's one of that perfect tropical day -- a balmy breeze , glorious sunshine and billow cloud hang in a impossibly blue sky . they pass tribesmen pan along the bank . well they have be pan this river for five thousand year . that 's how it get its name ... kensana . it mean -- he shoot a look to acosta , make the banker wait for it ... acosta River of gold . owen that 's not real ? a smile between Wells and acosta -- this be the show and they be loving it . and rising up the river be indeed gold color , snake through hill of green . ext . washoe site - day -- a bulldozer clear a section of jungle -- a crew work a drill rig . acosta shout over the din , machete in he hand . acosta when we get the hit , we step out in a radiating pattern ... we will keep go until we have the complete picture of ( more ) 64 . acosta ( cont 'd ) the underlying geology -- how long , how wide , how deep . it 's this mapp that give we the real sense of what we be sit on . the man look down at the ground . it 's just ground . but they imagination be work . acosta point all around they . acosta ( cont ’d ) it 's everywhere . int . washoe site - core shed - day acosta lead the group into the core shed . throughout the building , lie in wooden cradle , be the core sample -- six foot long cylinder of rock and earth . acosta we typical drill depth be between three and five hundred foot . we pull out we core sample in six foot segment , six inch in diameter pack solid with rock and soil . he move to a massive workbench cover with crush rock . acosta ( cont ’d ) this building be guard 24 / 7 and keep under lock and key . acosta pull the leather thong around he neck from he shirt , see a huge gold nugget and a key -- acosta ( cont ’d ) this be the key . with that , he hoist up a diamond blade circular saw and it hum to life . he bring the blade down on the rock , obliterating the rock , and we hearing , as it cut a three - foot section of core . again , he shout over the noise -- acosta ( cont ’d ) the core be cut into section and then crush ! he heave the cut section into a crusher which automatically activate the mechanism -- add insult to aural injury . acosta ( cont ’d ) the pulverize core be then bag and seal ! 65 . he produce a wax - sealed canvas sack as a example . start to heave it toward the banker who dance out of the way -- ext . kensana village - dock - day the same sack land on a freighter canoe with other sack . all label and seal , and under guard . acosta under guard , the sample be send down river to independent lab in kalimantan . if a seal be break or damage in any way , the lab , by law , have to discard the entire sample . ( beat ) the bottom line be every safeguard have be put in place to assure the security of the process . the banker nod , impressed . but that 's not really what they come all this way for . they be not quite sell . well diamond tip see blade , rock crusher and core sample rip from the gut of the earth ... it all sound great , but that 's not what you come to see . be I wrong ? jackson no , you be not . Wells and acosta exchange a know look . well you boy want to see some gold ? ext . kensana river - tributary - afternoon late afternoon sun filter through the canopy . this could be eden . a few of the banker , knee deep , pan the rocky bottom . binkert no one 's gonna believe this shit . owen swat at a bug . he look more annoyed than impressed . owen so , what do you think ? binkert not sure . what about you ? 66 . owen acosta seem to know what he 's talk about but , I do not know ... Jackson , work the river a few yard away , call out ! jackson hey , come here - check it out ! acosta head out to he . Wells gesture to the pan . well look like it might be the stuff . acosta hold the pan of mud up to the light -- glimmer of gold be see in the fade sun . well ( cont ’d ) what do you think ? acosta give I a minute . the banker all watch , rapt -- acosta take the pan and move back to the river bank , dump the mud into a wait slurry . he take a bucket of river water and start pour the water slowly over the mud . then , right before they very eye ... acosta ( cont ’d ) keep you eye peel ... like magic ... a huge gold nugget appear ! acosta hold it up into the light , reveling in its sparkling quality . acosta ( cont ’d ) ( toss it to Jackson ) a few more like that and you can pave Wall Street . the banker be fuck speechless . Wells look at the convert owen ... well ( v.o. ) pay dirt . CUT to : int . dimly lit room - night jenning , jacket off , sleeve roll up , pace . Wells rattles the ice cube in he empty glass . 67 . well now , I honestly do not know if that be just a stroke of luck or a amazing piece of showmanship or both . but when Jackson pull that nugget out ... CUT to : int . jakarta hostess bar - night indonesian girl dance , somehow more naked than naked . it 's Wells , acosta and the banker -- everyone get load . well ( v.o ) ... we have ‘em . acosta shout out to the bartender in bahasa . music up . Girls dance together . acosta pass drink to the banker ... acosta it 's call a convex dome . what every geologist dream of find and that 's what I think we have get at kensana . basically , it 's a volcano that 's collapse in on itself , form a invert shell ... Wells cup he hand . well .»-.or a bowl full of all the stuff we be look for . binkert how much '' stuff '' you think we be talk about ? acosta smile , throw back he drink and shout out to a waitress , hold up he empty glass , signal for drink . acosta we current assay point to a deposit of anywhere from ten to thirty - five million ounce . when we find the dome , and we will find it , I would not be surprised if we prove eighty to one hundred million ounce ... Jackson still have the presence of mind to do some calculation on he calculator . he look at the number . jackson .-- be that right ? 68-69 . he redoe the calculation . they all wait . he look again . jackson ( cont 'd ) you be talk over thirty billion dollar . they all freeze . this be bigger than anyone imagine . even Wells suddenly have the queasy look of a man start to look at the drop on a roller coaster . he raise he glass . well May we all be in heaven a hour before the IRS know we be dead . they laugh and , right on cue , out come the girl . two for each banker . as one of the girl run she finger through Jackson 's hair , she breast press against he face , he turn to owen ... jackson the business trip be go to be outstanding . owen Hell of a write - off . Wells and acosta stand off together , watch as the magic take hold -- well not a bad day . acosta smile . and as the party rage , we go : dissolve to : ext . american home - day Bright sun . as a car drive by and pull into a sparsely crowded parking lot , hear a phone starting to ring from the perspective of the caller . then hear -- kay ( 0.s. ) hello ? 70 . int . jakarta palace HOTEL - wells' suite - dawn well with a phone in one hand , drink in the other . well what be you do , baby ? it 's I . from halfway around the world . kay ( v.o. ) Kenny ! ( to someone os ) it 's Kenny -- ( to Wells ) I be just tell some people the story of how we meet . ( continue the story ) I would run off from home , do not finish high school -- I have a couple teacher who be real dick -- anyway , I be work for a magician -—- Wells be twenty floor up , smile at the dazzle fairy light of nighttime jakarta . well not -so- amazing cecil -- kay ( v.o. ) cec have this one trick , he only trick . Kenny come ... ( to Wells ) how many show in a row , Kenny --? Wells look inside the suite where a last dancer sway in front of acosta . the banker have go to bed . well twenty -- kay ( v.o. ) twenty show in a row . and the trick be ? well / kay simul I want you number , baby / he want my number -- hear os laughter through the phone . well I love that story . intercut : 70a . int . american home - day Kay on a white phone in the la-z - Boy area . a few coworker be chuckle , head back to they respective area . kay how 's it go over there ? 71 . well they be all in , baby . everything we have be wait for . everything --! kay wait. Kenny ... really ? really really ? Wells look at the light , which seem to dance with destiny . well I be send a plane for you , baby . a chariot like you deserve -- private jet -- to meet I in New York City ... Blue sky ... ( off she pause ) do you hear I ? Kay ? Kay hold the phone ... see a manager , carl , signal she . kay I do ... she suddenly just turn away and jump for joy -- wide in the store : Kay airborne --! scream with happiness . woolf ( v.o. ) ... Brown , Thomas , in association with coleman and mead Capital Group , be proud to announce the initial public offer of class -a common stock ... int . brown , thomas - conference room - day woolf be hold the '' Wall Street Journal , '' read the full page '' tombstone '' ad to dresher and the room full of associate and enthralled board member . woolf and the list of washoe mining on the New York stock Exchange ! he hold the paper up with a smile . the boardroom erupt ! ext . the waldorf - astoria - night a town car pull up . a doorman open the door . Kay look country and momentarily lose . doorman welcome to the waldorf -astoria , ma’am . 72 . Kay look country and lose . int . the waldorf - astoria - various - night the lobby be majestic . worldly patron . the vanderbilt room . the hallway a dizzying assortment of pattern . the bellman open the door of a suite . her head be spin . int . the waldorf - astoria - wells' suite - night kay Kenny ? yellow rose lead the way , the main room of the suite fill with hundred . kay ( cont 'd ) ... be you here ? she head into the bedroom and find Wells nearly camouflage . well I want to surprise you ... be you surprised ? it 's you favorite flower , right ? she take in the huge suite , the Chrysler Building out the window light up like it 's mark the center of the earth . well ( cont ’d ) you look beautiful . kay through thick and fuckin’ thin ... thick be not so bad , Kenny Wells . he take she in he arm , roll across the huge bed . kay ( cont 'd ) be this the softest sheet you ever feel ? well let 's get under ‘em . and we begin to hear shout , a crazy ENERGY , which take US : 73 . int . new york stock exchange - hallway - morning Wells and Kay exit the elevator and see acosta wait . well my two favorite people in the world . Kay , Mike . Mike , Kay . kay ( be : Wells ) you know this one steal my watch to go meet you ? well that 's my girl . acosta ( laugh , to Kay ) actually he omit that detail . ( to Wells ) Kenny --? kay I be just teasing -- well she 's teasing -- kay / well /acosta no , she 's not -- kay it 's really good to meet you , Mike . they cross down the hall to find well bryan , Kay . hollis , Kay . my man , stanton you know . sweat as much as I do ... and then all be whisk away by nyse official . and we begin to hear noise , like a sport event be happen beside they . acosta ( to Kay ) you must be proud of he . 73a . kay never doubted for a second . they both smile , know just how far they have come to get here ... then a door open and they pass into a vast space of light and air : 74 . int . new york stock exchange - trading floor - continuous on the floor look up at the balcony where suddenly well and kay and acosta appear amongst the banker and other dignitaries . suddenly the room be quiet in a held breath . as we zoom up toward Wells and acosta . Wells throw he arm around acosta as they ring the open bell !... ding ! ding ! ding ! ding ! well ( to Kay ) I be ringing the bell , baby ! kay I be so fuck proud of you , baby . so fuck proud of you . as we hear the room erupt , we start pull back -- int . greenhorn - day pulling right out of the bar tv : CNN coverage of the boy ringing the bell at the New York stock Exchange . Bobby , connie , scotty , Roy , all the regular , maybe have stay up all night to celebrate with Kenny . and celebrate they do : a series of shot : -- a stock ticker -- washoe be off to the race -- $ 28.00 ... $ 35.00 ... -- the cnbc crawl -- $ 67.00 ... behind the anchor , the washoe logo with the head : '' washoe on the move . " -- the trading floor -- as purchase slip fall to the floor like confetti . we go tight on one of the slip as it slowly drift in air -- '' buy : trt @ $ 110.00 '' well ( v.o ) in a single trading day we go from twenty - three buck to over a hundred and ten . it be unbelievable . ( beat ) ( more ) 742a . well ( v.o ) ( cont 'd ) the way I see it , what bank do , who the hell know , but what make this country be not tight - ass in suit , no offense , take the safe way down , it 's guy like Mike and I , who jump . -- tall building in mid-town . Black car . Doors open . Kay and Kenny exit , Kay feel great in a new dress , shoe . int . four season restaurant - bar room - night waiter with trays of champagne . binkert , owen and Jackson swirl around acosta and Wells and Kay . then woolf be pull Wells and acosta away . woolf Kenny , Mike , this guy may sit on you board ... if you be very lucky . 75 . Kenny Wells and Mike acosta shaking hand with the potential board member . as Kay be quietly edge out of the circle . dresher Kenny , come say hi to the richest guy in delaware . and best look . Kenny meet the richest , best -look guy in delaware . as we see a beautiful woman openly watch Wells and acosta . a few minute later everyone have gather . woolf lead a toast : woolf to a very good day ... to Kenny Wells and to Mike acosta . well to the mother lode ! and there 's that woman again . in he sight line . Light in she eye . Wells make a show of down he glass in one gulp -- well ( cont ’d ) fill ‘er up and keep it flowin’ . jackson Kenny , Mike , try this on for size . Jackson punch figure into he ever- present calculator . well ( to Jackson 's wife ) he sleep with that thing , or what ? jackson' wife he just set it on vibrate and we be both happy . jackson as of the close bell this be what you be both worth , on paper anyway . and then Wells be look at the figure , and even he be stunne . time slow and the world go silent , like he 's slipe into a dream . and in this dream he heartbeat thud , and banker laugh ; the beautiful woman throw a seductive glance . and acosta 's voice from far , far away : acosta a lot of zero , my friend . 75a . a crystal bell be toll ... for dinner . everyone move . dresher it take they a full week to do they rotisserie duck . Kay watch Kenny , surround by admirer , head for the other room . he forget to look for she . 76 . int . four season restaurant - pool room - dusk as guest pour into the famous pool room we find Kay . she pause , openly take it all in as other pass . she clutches she champagne flute like a wand . int . four season restaurant - night camera sweep across the now - candlelit room , murmur of intimate conversation and laughter . it 's that time after dinner before desert when people start table hopping . we find Kay with a empty seat beside she . she glance up , watch Kenny work the room . well .-- it 's all gambling . Risk . if I really want to make money , I would stay home on Sunday and bet pro-football . we realize the beautiful woman be seat at the same table where Wells be now hold court . well ( cont ’d ) ..- stallone on the sideline in Philly , eagle will not cover --! Kay 's wine glass be refill . she glance at acosta who smile mysteriously . well ( cont ’d ) Miami will not cover in San Fran . Hell , the game start at midnight for they . the woman catch he eye , hold out a hand . he give she a smoke and light it . rachel thank you . Rachel Hill . they eye connect . 76a . well what bring you out , Rachel ? rachel I be in investor Relations . at Brown Thomas . on the team . there 's a empty seat across from she . he consider this . she open she hand in a gesture that say , please . well do that mean you relate to investor ? rachel something like that . Wells laugh . and Rachel laugh with he . across the room Kay downs she drink . she watch Wells say something and laugh again . she do not want to look at the way Rachel Hill smoke , but she can not help it . well rock of gold as big as you knuckle just sloshing along in the river -- 77 . kay hello , I be Kay . we realize instantly Kay be sort of drunk and emotional . rachel hello , Kay . well this be Kay , say hello to Rachel . kay I just do . well Rachel work at Brown Thomas . she 's on the team . kay I be go to the washroom . then I want to leave . Wells be suppose to say , '' I ’1ll go with you , '' but he do not . as Kay move off , Wells catch acosta 's eye on he , acosta 's look ask : '' what the hell be you do ? '' but Wells 's attention be draw back to Rachel as ... under the table Rachel 's sexy shoe drop from she sexy stock foot , which now move it 's way under the cuff of Wells 's pants leg . she consider he cooly . off he expression , we go ... int . four season restaurant - lady 's restroom - night Kay look into the mirror , try to keep it together . two upper east side women enter , wait for the mirror . the woman wait . Kay look at herself in the mirror and we go ... int . four season restaurant - dine room - night Rachel and Wells still talk . Wells all sweep up with the wine and newfound celebrity . rachel to go out into the wilderness and discover something that everybody want ... how do that feel ? they consider each other . Rachel 's foot be do something else under the table . in the twinkle room no one notice . tta . well better than a kick in the ass . int . four season restaurant - bar - night as Kay make she way up the stair , she overhear : woolf ( 0.s. ) it 's like a drunk raccoon find the hope diamond . you do not want to get too close , but you do not want to let it get away either . laughter . it 's woolf at the bar talk to a banker , lewis horne . Kay pause a moment to listen . 78 . horne it 's you raccoon , bryan . do you let it run a multi-billion dollar company . woolf and lose you as a client ? woolf be shaking he head as Kay sidle up . kay who want to buy a girl a drink ? woolf cover : woolf Kay , meet Lewis horne ! kay ( to the bartender ) Three double shot of jack. ( to horne ) Lewis , I like that name , Lewis . she 's flirtatious . her cleavage like the prow of a ship . the man share a glance : do she overhear ? she raise she glass . they raise theirs . kay ( cont 'd ) I propose a toast -- horne / woolf here , here -- kay to a small creature ... often take for grant or consider a nuisance just because of its survival skill . she hear . kay ( cont 'd ) ( fun fact ) they baby be call '' kit . '' ( beat ) they be intelligent , fierce fighter , and omnivorous . they eat anything . just like human . woolf Kay -- 78a . kay and they be cute even when they be waking you up ' cause they get the lid off you garbage can . ( beat ) to the raccoon . she downs she shot . smile sweetly , leave they there . horne downs he shot and watch she go , impressed and leer both . horne do raccoon mate for life ? int . four season restaurant - dine room - continuous as Kay approach the table , she see Rachel and Wells , heating up . he turn , sheepishly . Kay pick up she bag . kay stay if you want . I be go . well come on , babe , one more drink . Kay head for the door . Wells glance back to Rachel 's half - smile , but suddenly acosta be at Wells 's side , stand over he . acosta what be you do ? well what do you mean ? Mike , Rachel --! acosta time to go , pal . 79 . int . the waldorf - astoria - wells' suite - night Kay walk in , Wells do he best to keep up with she . they both make drink right away . kay .-. I do not want to talk about it . well I be not do anything . kay I do not want to talk about it . well okay , well maybe I should have bang she right there on the table ! kay you be too drunk to get it up anyway . well I will take that challenge . he try to make a move . she shrug away . kay I do not care about you flirt with miss pneumatic ' 88 . think I have not see it before ? well wait , she tit be not that big . they be not real ? kay none of this be real . well Kay -- kay and you know what , none of it ever be real . we drive up to look at that dream ranch and it 's so nice , Kenny , but on the way we pass through where ? what do we go right through ? he know . kay ( cont 'd ) maggie 's Creek . where you great - grandad stake a claim . ( more ) 79ah . kay ( cont 'd ) and it 's a ghost town . which be exactly what this place feel like to I . t9a . well I know if I bring you along , you have work overtime to screw it up for I . kay you have never need any help in that department . and she leave the room . and he go after she . 80 . in the bedroom Kay sit on the bed , take off she new shoe . Wells appear in the doorway . watch she a moment . well you know what you problem be , Kay --? kay no , why do not you tell I -- well you have no vision . it 's like you whole world be this big -- Wells hold up two finger a inch apart -- well ( cont ’d ) at one end be you kitchen sink and the other end be the goddamn parking lot of a furniture store . that hurt , actually . kay you mean a actual job that would support a person in a place they live . you mean that vision . you know what , fuck you ! well fuck you ! now she start pack she thing , which really start to piss he off , and every item she drop in she bag urge he to say more that he will regret later . well ( cont 'd ) yeah , run back to you crappy little life . kay I like my crappy little life . it 's mine -- well all you have ever want be a break bird -- kay what the fuck be you even talk about --? 80a . well oh , you say the right thing , but in you heart you do not believe they . you do not believe in I . you like I lose . it 's comfortable . kay this people be use you . they do not care about you . and they certainly do not believe in you . 81 . she take she old clothes into the bathroom . door shut . door open . herself again . head for the door . well you just can not let I have the win . you do not have it in you . she pass by he without a look well ( cont ’d ) do it ever occur to you that I know what I be do ? she look at he , really look at he . kay I hope you do . at the door of the suite , she turn . kay ( cont 'd ) where I be from , if something seem too good to be true , it usually be . ( beat ) I just never think that apply to we . the door shut automatically behind she . on the other side find Wells stare at the door . almost go after she . well I know what I ’m do ! at the bar -- angry self - righteous cube in the glass . at the window -- the chasm of the city late at night -- a ghost town . CUT to : 82 . int . dimly lit room - night more whiskey in a glass . Wells feel no pain now either , or maybe the same pain mask in the same way . jenning what do you do next , Wells ? well what have I do ? what have I do ? ( beat ) I ride it . and what a ride , jenning . what a ride ... smash to : ext . helicopter - flying - long island - golden hour the beach of the south fork glow pink as a chopper race away from the set sun . ext . dune road landing pad - golden hour the landing pad on dune Road , a X amidst sea grass and water . as a chopper bank in over the shinnecock Bay . across the road owen and binkert , dress for monied summer fun , wait ina mint vw thing . Wells exit , ducking low . he cross the road . int . vw thing - day Wells hop in the car . they pass he a six - pack as owen pull out of the beach parking lot . binkert you know how you find the River of gold ? well yeah . owen well , it turn out , it flow to right here . the car toodle off down the sandy lane past massive house set back in the dune . ext . dune road beach pad - day Wells and dresher with thomas cranepool , 50 's , one of that man who exude permanence . 82a . cranepool how 's it feel , Mr. Wells , to be a rock Star ? well like I should be bang groupy , not chat up banker . cranepool oh , I imagine we can find a few of that around here somewhere . dresher be nice , Wells . this be we host , Thomas cranepool . well I be make a lot of this rich fuck a lot richer , so I be think I get a little leeway . as Wells saunter away , cranepool smile easily . cranepool mi casa es su casa . ( to dresher ) I hope he enjoy himself . dresher I do not think you have anything to worry about in that regard . 83 . omitted ext . dune road beach pad - poolside bar - later the sun have drop behind the tree . Wells get the bartender 's attention again . bartender seagram on the rock ? rachel ( 0.s. ) and I nil have the same . Wells recognize that voice . it 's rachel . well you sure you want to do that ? she signal the bartender : line it up , buddy . rachel it remind I of my childhood . ( smile ) so how be everything in the very enchant world of Kenny Wells ? well I feel like a million buck only a few hundred time better . rachel that must be a very nice feel . 84. well look like a few other people around here feel the same way . she follow he gaze . face of self - assure guest . face , face , face . in Rachel 's eye , the net-worth of everyone . rachel ... maybe ... maybe not . well hey , you want to get wet ? rachel that 's funny , Kenny . well why be it funny ? she lean in close to he , whisper something in he ear . his expression tell we it be a direct hit . ext . dune road beach pad - hot tub - night Wells and Rachel be in the hot tub . and she be perfection itself , the kind of complete package use to escape every shit backwater the world over since time begin . well so ... how have you ... uh , end up out here ? rachel well let 's see Kenny there be two answer to that question , short form would be , I know Tom . Tom be a friend . she slide almost imperceptibly closer . well I will bet he be . rachel now , now . I stay with he cousin timmy down the lane . timmy 's really quite a character if you do not know he . well I do not know timmy . rachel I really do not feel like talk . she move closer . he look at the surface of the water . 85 . well help , there 's a creature in here with we , a octopus or something . she lean closer to he , she chest be now against he chest , and she hand still work , slowly , so slowly . she 's just above he . and he 's look at she . rachel shhh , let 's just feel thing . and she move again and we can tell it feel very good indeed . suddenly a voice from behind -- hancock ( 0.s. ) Wells ? Kenny Wells ? Wells look up at MARK hancock . a trim , self - assure South African mining mogul , ceo of Newport Holdings . hancock ( cont 'd ) Mark hancock . seem I have catch you at a bit of a disadvantage , Mr. Wells . Wells do not skip a beat . he stand , step out of the tub , completely naked , for all to see . Wells extend he drip hand , which hancock , unflappable , accept with a smile . well good to meet you . this be Rachel . hancock I know the lovely Rachel . Wells wrap a towel . well hancock control more gold than anyone else on the planet . hancock with the possible exception now of Mr. Wells . Wells take a moment , find he smoke , check out Rachel in water and moonlight . well so , this be how it happen ? hancock this be how it happen . he light a cigarette with he gold dunhill lighter . 86 . ext . the skyline of manhattan - sunrise the sun rise through the building to the east . we be drift down the Hudson , hearing the sound of sex . pull into the corporate chopper as Rachel ride Wells . rachel I have always want to do this . well I wish to god it have occur to I . the chopper bank , the statue of Liberty one direction , the twin tower and all of Manhattan the other . int . brown , thomas - conference room - day hancock and he lawyer be seat at one end , Wells 's banker at the other include dresher and binkert . no one be speak , they listen to the rant come from the next room . well ( 0.s. ) this be not a deal , it 's a goddamn rape ! int . brown , thomas - anteroom - continuous Wells pace like a animal . his personal banker , stanton , look on , shocked . woolf try to talk he down . woolf Kenny , listen to I -- well this be mine ! I find it , I and Mike . we be the one up to we ass in shit and mud and malaria and this asshole offer a minority partnership ?! woolf stay cool , always reasonable . woolf Kenny , let 's keep perspective here . when someone offer you this amount of money , it 's a good day . you may say yes , you may say no , but it 's not like anyone 's try to offend you . well well mission goddamn not accomplish . stanton step up for Wells . 87 . stanton bryan , this deal be shit and you know it ! woolf hancock and Newport Holdings have the expertise and the experience to bring this home . this be always there as a contingency . you know that . well no. no. this be where washoe mining become a player . not Newport ... ( look at the papers ) I do not even see we name . you take we name off of it !? you take my name . woolf but again just take a step back for a moment , would not it not be terrible to sit back and enjoy you success . well would not it not be terrible ... what kind of way of talk be that ? would not it not be terrible for I to just bend over and grab my ankle . you think you can buy I out and take my name and just vanish Kenny Wells to the corn field ? woolf have have enough . woolf if you hit the pause button for a second and consider without emotion , you will realize this be the kind of very rare moment where with the stroke of a pen , no one in you family , I be talk you child 's grandchild , will ever have to worry about money again . for once , Wells do not respond right away . he pat for he cig . stanton hand he one . Wells fire up and take a long drag , and finally look at woolf . well see this hand ? this be my father 's hand . I claw into the gut of the hot earth with this hand . I will bury you with this hand , Brian . now you go tell that silky sable hancock he work for Kenny Wells . 88 . int . brown , thomas - conference room - continuous the air have be suck out of the room . hancock you know , I almost respect this guy . hancock be already reach for the phone . CUT to : ext . washoe site - dawn tranquil , beautiful . only the chicken be awake ... int . washoe site - MAIN tent - continuous acosta at a desk , work with a slide rule plan something cool . as the SOUND of military jeep shatter the calm . ext . washoe site - morning military jeep fill with armed soldier roaring down a freshly cut road toward the site . a soldier step from a vehicle and begin a slow trek toward acosta . CUT to : ext . washoe headquarters - reno - day Wells 's caddy swing into a prime spot . it 's all fix up now . Fresh paint . he take a moment to appreciate this turn of event . and we go ... int . washoe headquarters - day the chaos of a recent move - in , phone on the floor , lot of busy employee . Wells be meet almost immediately by Bobby burn and a few other . burn where the hell have you be ?! Mike 's on the phone -- Wells see the panic in everybody 's eye . not good . 89 . he sweep into he office , which look out on reno . there 's a full bar , the elk head -- a kind of '' you can take the man out of the greenhorn , but you will not get the greenhorn out of the man '' declaration . ext . kensana site - same time armed indonesian soldier herd washoe worker out the gate like frighten cattle , force they into the back of truck . acosta be catch up in a wave of worker as they be push out of the gate . acosta speak on a bulky satellite phone . acosta they be lock we out ! int . washoe headquarters - wells' office - day Wells stand at he desk , smoking . well what ? what be you talk about ? acosta they be take over the mine . the military 's here , the Minister revoke we exploration permit . a terrifying realization begin to dawn on Wells . acosta ( cont ’d ) what happen at you meeting with hancock ? ( yell ) what happen at the meeting !? well they be try to push we out , Mike . acosta push we out ? what do you mean ? well they even take we name , Mike . right off everything . acosta you bloody moron . well they can not revoke the permit ! they can not just steal it away from we ! acosta be livid , scream as he 's herde onto a truck . 90 . acosta I tell you from the beginning : suharto can do whatever he want ! Wells pace , he know this could be the end . well oh , God ... oh , my God . acosta see a soldier knock one of the worker to the ground with he rifle . fury in acosta 's face as he rush over , shove the soldier out of the way . acosta do not touch my man . the soldier level he rifle at acosta . acosta stare back . defiant . acosta help the worker to he foot . acosta ( cont ’d ) ( dayak , subtitles ) get to the truck . go ... well Mike - what 's go on ?... ( silence from the receiver ) Mike ? Mike ?! acosta back away from the soldier , turn and walk slowly back to the phone ... he pick it up . finally -- acosta we lose the site . you know who you be deal with . they be killer -- hancock first among they . Wells seem to physically crumble -- he bury he face in he hand . completely at a loss . well I be sorry , Mike . I be sorry . int . dimly lit room - night Wells look up at jenning -- it 's not easy tell someone what a fuck - up you be . he 's embarrassed , the pain of the moment , the booze , the mile , all fresh on he face . 90a . well it turn out that , in addition to long - stand tie to suharto , Newport Holdings have on its board a ex- President of the United States , who be actually in one of suharto 's wedding -- a groomsman . ( more ) gl . well ( cont 'd ) so the whole time they be look I in the eye offer to make my grand - kid rich , they have a backup plan , which be to steal it all away . jenning and acosta have order you to sell . well yes ... no ... he do not order I . we be wing it , the negotiate I mean , it be sort of agree upon , the direction , without really talk about it , you know what I mean ? jenning do he tell you to take the deal ? yes or no ? well ( reluctant ) ... yes . jenning but you do not . well no . jenning glance at the more junior man . this be significant . jenning why not ? Wells be now truly embarrassed . finally , he get it out . well because kensana would become a Newport mine and Mark hancock 's Midas touch continue . Kenny Wells ? a footnote -- the lucky bastard who fall down drunk and wake up in a pile of money . jenning take a moment . walk over to Levine . confer for a second . see they look across the space at Wells . there 's disagreement . jenning come back . jenning that be a pretty foolish business decision , be not it ? 92 . well it be my dream . I dream it . and if you sell you dream , then what do you have leave ? ext . kay' house - day Wells pull up . see he stuff in box and garbage bag on she front lawn . he get out . then realize Kay be sit on the stoop smoking a cigarette . kay I be just sit here . obviously this be a emotional thing , but I be not go to let it get that way . well what be you do ? kay what be I do ? really ? okay . to make this easier I be sit here make a mental list . of all the shit you never do . a shit Kenny never do list . well Kay -- kay for instance ... my '' yard '' -- it 's pebble and weed . the '' grass . '' the '' sprinkler . '' that 's next weekend . the big hole in the back yard -- I mean , the '' pool . '' remember that ? because all I see be crabgrass . and you . I see you , Wells . she start to cry . and be mad at herself for it . 93. and now she 's on she walk stare at the grass grow between the crack and through she tear she start rip at it and throw it at he . kay ( cont 'd ) you see all this ? see how hard it be ? it 's not hard . look at I . look . so I be just go to stay here with my ... well Kay --! she start kick he stuff . kick it at he . kay take you stupid crap ... take it ... and leave my stupid crapgrass -- and then she stop , realize the thing she do not want to happen -- get massively upset -- have happen . kay ( cont 'd ) wherever you be go , whatever you be become , I do not want to go with you or become that . well Kay ... Kay , I be sorry . kay you be always say that where I be concerned . go say you be sorry somewhere else for a while . she go inside and slam the front door behind , leave he outside with all he stuff . which he now start collect . 94 . he throw it in the trunk of the car as hart hubbard , neighbor , come around the side of he house . hart hubbard be this a bad time ? well go fuck yourself , hart . Wells get in and without a look back drive away . ext . the three greenhorn bar - day / night Wells pull into the bar parking lot . the new leather interior mock he . flick ash haphazardly at the console ashtray and we see he 's already get a bunch of burn hole . cnbc reporter ( 0.s. ) ... Major news on Wall Street . washoe stock be off nearly fifty point at the open bell this morning ... the caddy park outside in daytime . then it 's night time . int . the three greenhorn bar - night Wells sit alone , unsteadily , at the bar . he watch the cnbc market report . Roy watch Wells with concern as he pour the last shot from a bottle of seagram . cnbc reporter ( on tv ) ... on news of the suharto government 's revocation of washoe 's exploration rights ... there be talk of a deal in place for Mark hancock of Newport Holdings to take over washoe 's stake . President and ceo Kenny Wells have not comment publicly on the news . Roy pick up the remote , about to flip ... well I ' 1l comment . they steal it . they goddamn steal it . ( drink ) I be gonna need another . 95 . roy you be gonna need to go home , Kenny . well yeah okay , Roy . a roadie then -- roy how ' bout a cab . Wells just look at Roy . by the look on he face , this could go bad . but a smile come to Wells 's face as he slide off the stool , wobble onto he foot . it 's not a friendly smile . well piece of advice , Roy , and you should take my word on this . you be not the only game in town . roy go home , Kenny . and as he sway for the door , Roy watch he sadly , we ... stanton ( 0.s. ) I be tell anyone who will listen , we have legal remedy . there will be a settlement ... ext . washoe headquarters - day the late afternoon sun set the gold washoe sign aglow . as a tired Mike acosta get out of a taxi . and take in reno in all its desolate glory . stanton ( 0.s . ) . -- none of which I really believe by the way ... int . washoe headquarters - day burn and connie listen to stanton . stanton I stem the bleed for now , but the bottom 's gonna fall out . scottie nevins go look out the window . nevins Kenny be at the greenhorn all night - rough . Roy bounce he . and I swing by the house . Kay toss he out . acosta enter . 96 . acosta look at this . it 's like a clown car . try to work the pedal with you clown foot . ( beat ) where be he ? int . kay 's house - night Kay be asleep in she bed . she 's awaken by the ringing phone . intercut : well at a pay phone -- kay' answering machine ( 0.s . ) this be we , we can not get to the phone right now . you know what to do . beep . on kay -- silence on the line . then -- click . well -- he hang up . he have to steady himself as he fish out more coin . he dial . on kay -- the phone ring again . this time she turn on the bedside lamp , sit up listen . well ( on answering machine ) Kay , it 's I . be you there ? if you be there will you pick up ? hear he voice hurt , but she 's not pick up . well be barely able to hold he head up , slogging through he word . cue the pity - party string section -- well ( cont ’d ) okay ... guess you be not home , then . I be just call to ... I just want to hear you voice . I screw up , Kay ... I think I could stake a claim , and build something , something real , that 's all I want ... with you ... with washoe ... ( beat , sincere ) you be right . you be right . the line go silent . Kay look stricken , but she fight the urge to pick up . Wells lean he forehead against the phone -- drift off for a second . he comes- to with a start . 97 . well ( cont ’d ) Kay ? it 's I ... I be gonna stop now . I be not call anymore -- she quickly pick up just as Wells hang up -- kay hello ? too late . Wells stagger a few pace and try to light a cigarette , but he 's too fuck up to pull it off . he throw it away , turn back to the phone , search around for change . he 's out of change . ext . pay phone area - morning Wells pass out under the phone , receiver dangle . the caddy park at a odd angle , half over a curb . door open . dinging . then a boot pause above he . kick he . kick he harder . wells' Pov , stare up into a backlit figure . another kick , a voice from far away , the voice of God -- acosta get up . get up . a stunne look , the sun in he eye , the sickness of booze . acosta ( cont ’d ) you do not get to make the mistake and feel sorry for yourself . it 's one or the other , mate . well would have be confuse about who 's kick I when I be down , then I hear the condescension ... acosta you have not hear anything yet . he start to kick he again , but Wells pull acosta 's leg out from under he . and it 's on : a release of drunken pent - up fury and failure , sloppy and real . they flail , tackle , expend the agony of mutual failure , until they be both wipe out , sprawle on they back . acosta ( cont ’d ) I propose a draw . 98 . int . motel bathroom - later a jet of cold water on well . int . motel bathroom - later the shower be still run . acosta ( 0.s. ) how be you do in there ? no answer . acosta pull back the curtain to find Wells sit on the shower floor , seemingly out cold . another angle acosta hold out a styrofoam coffee . which he probably spike with seagram . motherfuck theresa . acosta ( cont ’d ) here , get this down . int . motel - room - later acosta in the open doorway . maybe a highway out there somewhere . a gloomy day . Wells sit on the edge of a bed in half light , the worse for wear . well I think Kay 's do with I . acosta smart woman . well ( beat ) Mike , I be sorry . acosta you know what people say ? that you be a drunk . out of you league . well yeah ? well fuck they . I need a big lecture from Mr. Golden Boy in he golden glow . how hard and mess up everything be . tell I that from you perch at the bar of the jakarta Palace after you have use that instinct of yours to find some other big strike with some other people . acosta stare at he a moment . 99 . acosta that 's what you think ? well that 's what I know . that 's what everybody know . you be mikefuckingacosta . acosta I have never lack for confidence ... Wells in agreement on that one . but acosta seem to be decide whether to tell he something . acosta ( cont ’d ) okay . so we be in North sulawesi , monsoon season -- this be 1980 -- well the copper strike -- acosta yeah , the famous copper strike . only we be look for bauxite . on the way to where I be plan to drill , I get we stick . five foot of mud . we have find nothing . we have drill nothing . we be just sit in the rain , day after day , watch the metal rust . well what have you do ? acosta under the theory that it 's better to do something than nothing , I report this be where we be try to get to . instead of be lose , we have arrive . this be the spot ... nowhere become somewhere -- well the place you get stick ? acosta yeah . the place I get stick . 100 . Wells look up and slowly everything change , it have a charm , a purpose , it 's cool . it 's the place to hit bottom , part of the legend . he go up to acosta . a beat . then ... well I love that --! Wells clap he on the back . look out at the same reno he 's always look out at , the same grim futureless rain or dust or whatever 's out there and now it look different , too -- bright and infinite and possible , just like he dream . well ( cont ’d ) you be look for bauxite and you find copper . I go look for gold and I find a friend . acosta that may be the single hokiest thing I have ever hear in my life . ( off Wells 's hurt expression ) okay , it 's true . but you do con I into signing that goddamn napkin . it 's the moment of truth for Kenny Wells . well you know what we say when we start this thing ... so ... you get a plan ? acosta do not you ? but acosta have the beginning of a slow smile . the roar of a jet plane -- Wells turn and look out the door -- and the view through a motel doorway be a runway in jakarta as a AIR indonesia jet drop out of the sky ... well ( v.o. ) turn out , suharto have a son , he youngest , darmadi - Danny -- bit of a screw - up , a real problem for the old man . so I guess you could say , we all understand each other . ext . ciliwung river - danny suharto estate - day Wells and acosta be ferried down a urban river in a swanky taxi boat . they arrive at a colonial boathouse and disembark . 101 . well ( v.o . ) suharto have be try to get Danny set up for year , but everything Danny touch turn to shit . I figure if we could bring Danny on board as a partner , maybe he could get daddy to change he mind and swing thing back we way . it be a hail Mary from we own one yard line , but it be all I have ... it also do not hurt that Danny have be regularly ignore by a certain ex- president of the United States who be a groomsman at he father 's third wedding and also happen to sit on the board of Newport Holdings . they be lead into a pool area where darmadi '' danny '' suharto play '' chicken '' in the pool with a girl on he shoulder . well ( 0.s. ) so , this guy walk into a cadillac dealership , okay ?... ext . estate - day a massive estate . Wells and acosta sit in the pool pavilion with Danny , now in a lush bathrobe . Danny look every bit the royal child with skin that glow . he listen as Wells , in full form , Wells who 's Danny Danny nail the joke ... well ...- salesman say , '' Excuse I sir , be you think about buy a cadillac ? '' and the guy say , '' no , I be definitely buyin’ a cadillac . I be think about pussy ! '' laugh . Danny look at acosta and then back at Wells still laugh . acosta drop he head as we wait ... stare at Wells . a long beat . then ... danny cadillac be pussy magnet . smile , then laugh . they all start to laugh . acosta can not believe it . well you like cadillac ? danny ' 62 eldorado . finest car ever make . 102 . int . danny 's ' 62 eldorado - day the pixie 's '' where be my mind ? '' play . Danny drive through downtown jakarta . Wells in the front seat , acosta in back . Danny on a drive pillow which raise he up in the seat . danny ( yell over music ) I love pixie ! I live in Boston . my sister go to pine manor . date -- point at acosta in the backseat . acosta you sister 's crazy . danny my sister be so crazy . be it too early for a drink ? he nod at the glove box . Wells find a bottle of black label . danny ( cont 'd ) Red label be for peasant -- well that 's what I always say -- int . bamboo bar - night Danny , Wells , acosta in a bar that have not change since the dutch be run thing . everyone know Danny . danny Gerald Ford , tall man . George h.w. Bush , a very tall man . Mark hancock a tall man . my father a small man . small in stature . but he love he family . well mine , too . then he die in the driveway bring in grocery . Wells point to where he heart be . Danny raise a glass . danny to father of Wells -- ext . danny's estate - night voice in the dark , drunken , furtive . then shape emerge . now see Danny . a key try to find a lock . drops. gropes. 103 . danny 85 - 15 split , if you have the ball . acosta that 's robbery -- danny that 's deal . if you have ball . no ball , no deal . now the key slowly fit in the lock . it make a subtle click sound . acosta 50 - 50 and I have consider it . Danny shake he head , no . camera now find well ... sweat and true hail Mary desperation all over he face . danny Kenny ? do you have ball ? acosta do not do it . it 's not worth it . Wells look again through the bar of a cage . he swallow . well open it . the heavy bar slam shut behind he . discover he eye be clench shut . slowly they open . adjusting to the gloom . wells' Pov -- yellow eye , almost light from within , move , belong to something very large that pace in a circle . danny ( whisper to acosta ) only 50 leave in world . Wells take another step . a low growling . he freeze . Wells look back at Danny and acosta . then take another step -- as a sumatran TIGER move forward into the moonlight . crouched , ready to pounce . danny ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( reverent ) sumatran tiger ... very rare . Wells slowly reach out he hand . closer . suddenly -- the TIGER roar . 104 . acosta Wells --! Wells reach out and touch the tiger 's head , right between the eye . the huge cat still . Wells still . a tableau -- Kenny Wells 's hand touch a sumatran tiger between the eye . Wells scratch with he knuckle . well I be touch a tiger ! I be touch a goddamn tiger !! CUT to : int . brown , thomas - corridor - day Big view over Manhattan on a stormy Monday morning . the office seem dead . woolf walk down a long hallway . int . brown , thomas - office - continuous woolf step into he office where he find dresher wait . woolf hollis . what 's go on ? dresher you have not hear ? Wells cut a deal . woolf a deal ? what be you talk about ? who would cut a deal with he ? dresher suharto ... the Indonesian government . woolf what ? dresher washoe retain fifteen percent of the find , the other eighty - five go to the company of suharto 's choose , which just so happen to be own by he son . Wells cut we off at the knee . woolf be stunne . woolf what about hancock ? 105 . dresher he 's go . can not compete at that number . deal 's over , Frank . Wells and acosta be now the only outside partner in the biggest gold strike in history . we represent exactly none of it . woolf Fifteen percent be a terrible deal . dresher be it ? what 's fifteen percent of thirty billion dollar ? woolf know now he 's look at the executioner . woolf I can explain -- you meet he -- dresher you be go to be fine , bryan ; you will land on you foot . we stay on woolf , in shock . the SOUND of a chorus of voice rise , and we go ... int . the three greenhorn bar - day Bobby burn and the boy sing along drunkenly to some song . as Wells enter carry a heavy , tape - up roll of fabric , and a small , wrap gift . booze and music and cigarettes as they turn and cheer he . but he 's look for Kay . well hey , Roy . see Kay around ? roy you do not hear ? well hear what , Roy ? roy she quit . get the promotion out at the american Home -- Assistant manager . proud of she . cnbc reporter ( on tv ) ... in we top money news , a story that be be compare to David and goliath , or maybe that 's Kenny and goliath -- Kenny Wells that be ... 106 . as someone turn up the volume on the tv above the bar -- cnbc reporter ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) washoe mining have secure a deal with the suharto government of Indonesia to retain control of they massive gold strike there , fend off a takeover by Newport Holdings . connie kick hancock 's ass -- more cheer . well be the center of attention . CNN reporter / well simul washoe share be soar on the news . as clive coleman spot Wells . Wells see clive as he approach . whatever he 's here for , it look serious . clive get a minute ? Wells step out with clive . ext . the three greenhorn bar - late afternoon Strip plaza , dollar store , pawn shop . and the first star in the sky , the Northern Star . or a planet . one of they . clive I just get a call . Wells freeze . clive enjoy the moment . give away nothing . clive ( cont 'd ) the National Association of prospector be gonna honor you with the Golden pickaxe . well be you shitting I ? clive you be officially the best miner in the world . and somewhere I be sure you dad be smile . there , outside the Three greenhorn bar , Kenny Wells have finally be accept on term he care about . well well if he 's not smile , I 'il smile for the both of we . 107 . he can not speak any more . too overcome by the moment . and then he realize where he 's gotta go -- int . / ext . american home - late afternoon the caddy pull up . Wells get out . open the trunk . get that big roll of gift fabric he buy in indo . he 's happy . a peace offer in hand . start forward , then stop . he stare , he face fall . he see -- kay , wearing she own clothes , a manager now , smile at something she boss be say . she rest a hand on he arm -- omit ext . kay' house - dusk ( minute later ) the roll of fabric hit the front door and drop to the stoop . then the wrap gift hit the door and drop . Wells back in he car . door slam . car careen away , barely break around a distant turn . CUT to : ext./ int . harrah 's HOTEL and casino - reno , nevada - dusk the caddy roll up under the awning at harrah 's . a unctuous manager welcome Wells personally . manager welcome to harrah 's reno , Mr. Wells . well thank you very much ... carissa . manager we have you in the prospector suite , which have a wonderful view of the mountain . will you need help with you bag ? well oh , yeah . he look back at the caddy as the luggage trolley pass . 108 . desk manager the prospector suite have a lovely view of the mountain , Sir . well I ’1ll take it . desk manager will you need help with you bag ? well oh , yeah . int . prospector suite - master bedroom - day the box he take from Kay 's . rodeo clown ashtray . a few childhood picture . Young Kenny hold a string of bass . grandfather on a side of a mountain . his father stand next to a new caddy , look for all the world like Wells . there 's a knock at the door of the suite . Wells open it to find mike acosta stand there . well I do not think you could make it . acosta ( pure Wells ) who you talk to , Wells ? ( beat ) besides , you will definitely need help with you tie . int . prospector suite - master bathroom - evening gold fixture everywhere . acosta sit on a counter watch Wells wrestle with the bow tie . well I be nervous . and the bow tie do present a mystery . well ( cont ’d ) a thousand monkey , a thousand year ... okay , hotshot ... acosta quickly tie the tie . adjust it . and now we see a change Wells . he look good . catch himself in the mirror . acosta catch the same reflection . Wells pull card from he jacket . look at acosta . a true friend be the one you feel comfortable practice this kind of speech in front of . 109 . well ( cont ’d ) my great granddad come out here on a wagon . he have a horse and two mule ... ( to acosta ) too much ? acosta no , man . it 's good . ext . reno skyline - sunset Mountains in the distance . int . harrah 's HOTEL and casino - ballroom - night Wells at he table with acosta , Bobby burn , stanton , clive , connie , nevins . he 's quiet . this mean a lot he . bobby burn Kenny , you be a star , boy . do not sweat it . I mean really , do not sweat . he 's sweat . someone pass he a napkin . mc ( 0.s. ) it 's be a long night and I be sure you will soon hit the table here at harrah 's reno and make it a lot longer night . and hit that table people ... it 's why verna make the room so reasonable . laughter around the room . a few big firm have table . and lot of smaller player . it 's everyone 's night . mc ( cont 'd ) they do accept gold for bar tabs ... ( laughter ) now we come to we last honor , the 1988 Golden pickaxe for '' prospector of the Year , '' which go to we own Kenny Wells ! get up here , Kenny - -! Wells rise and make he way , shower with applause and flashing camera . the crowd rise , salute Wells , salute that part of themselves that hang on , refuse to give up . Wells cradle the Golden pickaxe statue , which be exactly as it sound , a golden pickaxe . he stare out , savore he moment . then hold it up as flashbulb flash . pull he speech from he pocket . look out at face , laugh face , no one take this quite so seriously . 110 . well every last one of we who call the great state of nevada home arrive here with a dream . voice ( 0.s. ) ( yell out ) drink on Kenny . laughter . and at wells' table -- burn great state of nevada ? he see Kay . he smile . realize it 's not she . well ... that be my great granddad who come out here on a wagon . have a horse and two mule when they finally stop move and say this be the place , he be only about forty mile from right here . at the back of the room , acosta be leaving . he pause and turn to Wells . a nod of respect and congratulation pass unspoken between they . and then acosta be gone . Wells look at the statue . well ( cont ’d ) what be a prospector ? ( the crowd groan ) no , I be serious . it 's someone who believe it 's out there . who wake up every morning and somehow believe . again and again . it 's not there . stand at the edge of a desert , watch the sun rise and something in he say , '' it 's that way , just walk . '' flash , flash , flash ! Wells walk the center aisle , drown in flash light and glorious adoration . everyone 's reach out to shake he hand . well ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and the sun be higher and it 's get hot and nobody else see anything . and everyone else want to turn back ... and then it 's later and everyone 's crowded at the bar . Champagne cork be pop . pop pop pop . 111 . well ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) and everyone else have turn back . and now he 's alone . and it 's burn hot . and there be no water ... and on the casino floor Wells be playing roulette . the wheel be spinning . stack of money be move . show girl be flocking . then it 's even later . well be sporting drink all around . Champagne . pop pop pop . well ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's out there ... it 's out there ... it 's out there ... tighter on the face of kenny well as he sit back at he table , accept the congratulation of he friend . as people call he name and cheer and flashbulb pop -- pop pop pop -- back at the podium . tight on Wells as he take in all of the listen face . well ( cont ’d ) and it do not matter whether he find it or not . it do not matter . that 's a prospector . he bask in it , the word vibrate for everyone in the room . int . prospector suite - morning track across the detritus of a huge night to find Wells in bed , sound asleep . the phone start to ring -- Wells do not move . then finally he moan , roll toward the phone -- well hello ..? what ..? what ? Wells be instantly awake . hear the indonesian foreman say something frantic over the and over -- well ( cont ’d ) I be sorry I can not understand you . no go ? I do not understand . slowly . speak more slowly . at the washoe site : the foreman yelling into a satellite phone the size of a suitcase . 112 . foreman ( slowly ) no gold . there be no gold . the window behind Wells reveal sun just catch the peak , flame morning gold . Wells grip the phone like a lifeline . ext . washoe headquarters - day a mob scene outside . as Wells pull up in he car , the crowd converge on he . he can barely get he car door open . he squeeze out and push through the furious crowd -- well I do not know any more than you do right now ! ...- but nobody 's hearing he -- people shout out : '' you fuck thief ! " '' I be gonna kill you ! " '' where 's we money ?! " well ( cont ’d ) I will get to the bottom of this ! I promise ! suddenly , out of nowhere -- a fist -- wham -- right across Wells 's face ! it stagger he . the crowd let out a roar of approval . this be get real ugly , real fast . a pair of hand grab well . he turn , panic in he eye -- but it 's connie wright . Bobby burn be with he . they pull Wells through the mob to the building 's side entrance . connie total shit storm , Kenny . Wells be still daze . well I know ... I know ... they fight the last few foot to the door and as they force they way inside , we follow they ... int . washoe headquarters - day they be out of breath , adrenaline pump . Wells turn to face he friend 's haunt expression ... well what happen ? how do this happen ? burn the independent assayer ... they could not reproduce Mike 's finding . 113 . Wells try to take it in . connie there 's no gold , Kenny . there 's no goddamn gold . there never be . well that 's not possible . sequence of scene -- CNN news CENTER -- a professorial look mining expert explain to a news anchor ... mining expert it 's call '' salt '' and it literally mean , when someone sprinkle gold dust into a sample of rock , like you would add salt to a steak . gold dust -- pour onto a digital scale . mining expert ( cont ’d ) by all appearance , washoe 's security protocol be iron-clad . but if the person administer security be fraudulent , the system break down . then , the gold dust sprinkle into a ground sample of rock -- mining expert ( cont ’d ) ... it 's the oldest trick in the book . news anchor '' oldest trick in the book . '' and yet major mining corporation , investment bank , auditor , everyone be fool . mining expert we be not fool ; we do not look . tight on : a magnified image -- two gold sample , side by side . the one on the left have smoothly round edge ; the one on the right be angular and jag . geologist ( 0.s. ) the image on the leave be the type of gold find in the washoe sample . this be river gold - notice how the edge be round , wear smooth by the erosion of the water . we pull back to -- 114 . a financial show -- the geologist be seat across from a Jim cramer - type financial host . geologist ( cont ’d ) ... what we should have find be flake gold - the sample on the right , pull directly from the rock , rough edge and angular . the host be nearly apoplectic -- host that seem like a pretty big freakin’ detail to overlook ! geologist it 's a big detail . but you have to understand , everything else about the washoe sample be right ... host ..- but the gold be wrong ! it 's right there , that 's what you be say ?! geologist yes . int . washoe headquarters - wells' office - day the guy be hard at work , go over financial document . Wells be on a phone at the center of it all -- well ( into phone ) acosta ? Mike acosta ? no. yes , I do mind wait -- do he or do he not come to the kalimantan ? Bobby burn approach Wells . burn look gut -punch . burn the New York stock Exchange just suspend trading . they be take washoe off the board . washoe be do , finish . Wells sink back in he chair . and slowly hang up the phone . the news seem to take whatever air he 's get leave out of he . a long silent moment . there 's nothing more to say , but burn just stand there . he look in shock , like he 's have he soul rip out . Wells look up at he ... 115 . well you sell some , right ? put something away ? burn hesitates before answer ... burn yeah ... of course . you ? Wells nod halfheartedly . it 's clear neither sell a damn thing . well Bobby ?... burn can not meet Wells 's eye . well ( cont ’d ) goddammit , Bobby ! I tell you to sell some . burn I think ... I think ... it be just go to keep go up . Wells be genuinely distress . and then burn look up -- he eye be damp , on the verge of cry . he can barely speak ... burn ( cont 'd ) Kenny , do you know , do you know , Kenny ? it 's like a blow to the heart . well what ? do I know ? I can not believe you would ask I that . burn look absolutely crush . well ( cont ’d ) I will take care of you , Bobby . connie rush in carry a sheath of paper . connie Kenny ... burn 's expression harden -- fist clench like he 's gonna punch Wells . burn I do not want you to take care of I ! I want you to leave I the hell alone ! 116 . burn walk away , a bust man . Wells turn to connie . one look and he know this be big . well what ? connie I do not even know how to say this -- he dump the papers on Wells 's desk . connie ( cont 'd ) look . Wells read . it do not take he long to understand . he throw a glass at the wall . it shatter . well what ! 11 ??? connie answer stanton 's question look . connie acosta be dump stock . Shell company . bank in the Philippines , the azore . multiple layer . all off - shore . stanton how much ? connie get ready for it ... 164 million . well I do not believe it . stanton Son of a bitch ! what do we do ? Kenny ? well there 's gotta be a explanation . we gotta find Mike ! at that moment , they hear tire screeching , car door slamming . and look outside . dozen of agent roll up , the familiar blue jacket with the white lettering -- FBI . hear they enter . then , a bullhorn : FBI this be the FBI ! step away from you desk ! take two big step away from you desk . do not touch anything ! 117 . montage of FBI raid . floor by floor . they arrive at Wells 's office . connie and stanton in the middle of the room , freeze . Wells at the window . below , he see the special agent in charge step out of a car , already give quiet order -- it 's jenning . who look up . see Wells at the window . Wells look at he . int . NBC news studio - night sitting with roger mudd be MARK hancock , chairman of Newport Holdings . hancock as clean as snow as he rewrite history . hancock we suspect there be problem early on , which be why we decide not to pursue the joint venture washoe offer we . we get as many of we investor out of washoe as fast as possible . a insert photo of Kenny Wells and Mike acosta appear . roger mudd you make a lot of money . I mean before the wall come tumble down . hancock do not want to talk about that . roger mudd ( cont ’d ) and how much money be lose in the fraud ? that we know of . hancock billion . large institutional investor lose billion of dollar . roger mudd so one , or maybe both of they , two outsider take everybody on Wall Street for a ride . hancock yes , it really look like they do . roger mudd and acosta have vanish . hancock with hundred of million of dollar . 118. roger mudd Kenny Wells have consistently maintain he innocence , that he be dupe along with everyone else . give that , what do you make of this ? he pick up a copy of newsweek magazine -- Kenny Wells on the cover . mudd read the caption out loud : roger mudd ( cont ’d ) '' Kenny Wells - fool or mastermind ? " ».- Care to comment ? off hancock , maybe for the first time , he 's at a loss ... hancock that be a very good question , Roger . dissolve to : int . / ext . prospector suite & washoe headquarters - day a montage of time pass . Wells in the suite on the phone . Wells at a increasingly empty washoe headquarters . Wells be increasingly desperate , then finally hopeless . dissolve to : ext . washoe headquarters - day Wells stand on the step in front of the building , a hundred microphone and cameras in he face . news van jam the sidewalk . a mob of angry protestor hold at bay by police . well Mike acosta be my friend and partner and he betrayed I . I have no knowledge of the deception he perpetrate . as ceo of this company , it be my job to know . I take full responsibility for my failure in this regard and I apologize sincerely to that who have lose they investment . wherever you be , Mike , it 's time to come in . tell what happen ... Mike --? he can not go on . finally , he choke out -- well ( cont ’d ) that 's all I have to say at this time . the assemble reporter shout out a flurry of question at Wells 's back as he leave . they pursue he . surround he car . try to stop he from pull out . 119 . ext . harrah 's HOTEL and casino - reno - day Wells pull in . crowd out front wait for he . int . harrah 's HOTEL and casino - reno - day angry front desk guy try to talk about the bill . front desk guy Mr. Wells , when exactly will you be depart ? people hearing he name . crowd turn . pour in . int . elevator - day the door close out the face of angry , shouting people . Wells just shut he eye and ride in bless silence . ding . int . hallway - day Wells check the hallway both direction . at the '' prospector suite '' check hall again . use he key to open the door . int . prospector suite - day Wells enter , motor toward the bar , freeze . find : jenning , bank , and levine wait for he like executioner on execution day . a beat . well do I need a lawyer ? jenning do you need a lawyer ? a moment between poker player . then Wells shake he head . jenning ( cont ’d ) right answer . jenning post two guard outside the door . set the tape recorder on the table . Wells at the bar search , find the stashed bottle . 120 . well .«. -- sure I can not pour you one ? jenning no , thanks . I be work . well all the more reason . jenning Wells , sit down . we have get a lot to cover ... the same exchange that start the film . time have catch up with Kenny Wells 's storytelling . fade to black : slow fade in : the Golden pickaxe statue catch morning sun ... int . prospector suite - morning the Sierra nevada out the window . it 's fall . super over -- reno , nevada - october , 1988 Wells face jenning , listen . jenning I think it 's pretty unlikely we will ever see you partner again . well wait , what do you mean ? you be not tell I something . what happen to Mike ? jenning a lot of very powerful people be very angry at Michael acosta . well what happen ! ? jenning search Wells 's face again for a trace of the disingenuous . jenning what happen ? yes . that 's what we be try to put together . ( more ) 121 . jenning ( cont 'd ) seventeen billion dollar of value disappear overnight . that be certain . what else ? Michael acosta wave goodbye to you in the ballroom downstairs -- ta-ta -- go back to Indonesia on a jet charter with washoe fund , and then he do he disappear act . this you know ... off Wells -- pre - lap : the sound of helicopter rotors , grow louder . deafen ... smash to : ext . jungle - pre dawn a helicopter chop at the morning air -- fly in low over the lush jungle as the sun be about to rise . jenning ( v.o. ) first , he 's lock out of the assay lab in kalimantan by the Minister of the Interior . so he go back to jakarta . ext . jakarta INTERNATIONAL airport - day acosta emerge from a plane and walk down the gangway stair . jenning ( v.o. ) where he be immediately detain by Indonesian military . wait for he at the bottom be indonesian soldier . officer ( subtitle ) this way Mr. acosta . jenning ( v.o. ) and they hold he while they try to reproduce for themselves the lab result claim by washoe . int . indonesian military barracks - day acosta watch man march in formation through a doorway . jenning ( v.o. ) which of course they be unable to do . 122. int . prospector suite - day jenning take he time . he 's enjoy this a little . jenning and at this point either he 's be move to a actual prison , or he 's bribe one of the officer . either way , he 's on a military helicopter . int . / ext . helicopter - flying - day acosta sit in the hold of the chopper , two soldier across from he , a pilot and another soldier up front , all armed . jenning ( v.o. ) they fly north loosely tracking the kensana river . the chopper arc in , follow the river 's course . acosta stare out , far into the distance , take in the breathtaking beauty . jenning ( v.o. ) do not underestimate the suharto family . they be gangster whose turf be a nation of 100 million . acosta in the back of the chopper . he 's get a six - pack of tuborg gold in can . he crack one , hold the other out to the soldier , who decline . he drain the beer . he look down at the river as it pass far below , flash gold in the sunlight , a snake golden river , golden dream -- hand suddenly undo he harness . a involuntary breath . then a smile creep onto he face . acosta now at the open hatch door of the chopper . tighter on he eye take it in . he 's come home . in silence mike acosta fall from the helicopter falling and fall and fall toward canpoy and water -- 123 . jenning ( v.o. ) a thousand foot up , over the kensana , Mike acosta take a header . on the pilot -- as he turn and look back and see the empty seat , the soldier buckle back in . he turn back around . acosta Pov of onrushing river . closer and closer and then all at once as we smash -- int . prospector suite - day Wells be on the edge of he seat , eye red from lack of sleep , booze , cigarette smoke . he 's shake up by the news . he do not want to believe it . well no way . no fuck way . Mike be too good , too savvy . he have to be plan this . he know what they do to you for salt . what you think they have do . he fake it . or he pay just to have the story out . ( desperate ) 164 million go a long way in Indonesia ... jenning ( beat ) they find a body . well be you sure it 's he ? jenning I be not sure of anything , except Mike acosta trade water filter for river gold , but now the Indonesian government have go unusually quiet on the subject and seem to have , publicly at least , lose all interest in find Michael acosta . ext . indonesian jungle - day the crane shot of the indonesian military and dayak in semi - circle around the splayed body . one of the soldier break rank and move forward , kneel by the body . what he see there sicken he -- 124 . jenning ( v.0o . ) hand and face be eat away . probably by wild pig . bang . all head whirl . the big snake fall . float down river . the soldier find the wallet , flip it open , check the id . and this time we see the name -- michael acosta . and a picture of mike acosta , smile . jenning ( v.o. ) there be a autopsy , corroborate the identity with dental record from Boston . int . prospector suite - day jenning produce document with a sort of bemuse skepticism . autopsy . photo of a pig-eaten body . affidavit of cremation . jenning then they seal the report , cremate the remain . interestingly Danny suharto dumped a lot of stock as well . so the suhartos be even richer , Mike acosta be ostensibly dead and bury , a hundred sixty four million be still miss , and the question I be leave with be whether or not you be in on it ? Wells take a moment . slowly shake he head . sad . well I can not believe it . jenning can not believe what ? Wells eye well up . he rub at they , make they even redder . he light a cig to cover the emotion . well ... everyone in the business have write he off , call he theory crap , and he could not let that be the last word on he . jenning you talk about acosta or yourself ? Wells ignore that . 125 . well we be run out of money and I be sick with malaria , I think that 's when the salt start . Mike be sure he be right , the gold be there , but he need to buy we more time to find it . I do not think he set out to swindle anyone , but by the time he realize he be wrong and there be no gold , he be in too deep . I honestly think he just do not want to let I down . and I be fool just like everybody else . a pregnant beat . Levine , jenning 's underl , lean down . he 's say something that be mostly muffle ... '' either world 's biggest fool or ... '' levine ..- he 's not tell the truth -- well the truth !? the only truth here be that when everyone 's get rich nobody give a shit about the truth . all anyone have to do be look . open they eye . the gold be wrong . the find be too good . Red flag everywhere , but no one look , because no one want to know . not I , not you , not anyone . what we all want be to believe . why ? because we be make so much money . jenning look over at bank and Levine . that land . jenning ( to he coworker ) Mark , Eric , sit down please . jenning check the cassette on the tape recorder . and when he address he question to Wells we can feel it 's all come down to this . jenning ( cont ’d ) be you aware that Mike acosta be salt the washoe core sample ? well no ! jenning you have no knowledge Mike acosta be perpetrate a fraud ? 126 . well no . I think I have win the lottery . jenning you be not in collusion with Mike acosta on the kensana gold strike ? well no . jenning do you profit from the kensana fraud ? well you know I do not . I can not pay the hotel bill . Hell , I can not even get the minibar . jenning do anyone close to you profit ? well no . jenning you have gain nothing ? well my friend lose money , my neighbor lose money , but I lose everything . because , the real truth be ... I never care much about money . I care about gold . it 's different , jenning . it 's different . jenning , bank , and Levine walk away and confer . it 's clear they be have a difficult time reach a quorum . Wells turn and look at the mountain . and then jenning cross back . jenning ( into tape recorder ) end of deposition , 6:45 am , seventeen , October , 1988 , conduct by Paul K. jenning - special agent in charge , Federal Bureau of investigation , District of nevada , reno . he press stop on the recorder . close he note . he and Wells look at each other a long moment . jenning ( cont ’d ) you be free to go , Mr. Wells . 127 . Wells seem like he be not expect this and maybe almost like he be past caring about it . well look at that , somebody believe I . jenning I would not go overboard . in fact , I would not leave the state . would not start buy new stuff or charter any more jet . well I gotta sneak out of here without the front desk guy see I . you pick up that tab ? jenning it 's be quite a whirlwind , have not it , Mr. Wells ? Wells have no fuck idea how to even begin to answer that one . as the coworker leave -- bank good luck , Mr. Wells levine we will be keep a eye out for you . jenning start to leave , then pause -- jenning what be you go to do now , Wells ? and as we push in on Wells , we can see deep in he eye the beginning of a plan ... ext . parking lot - harrah 's HOTEL and casino - morning Wells look back at the hotel . he see two red-taile hawk perch on a balcony rail . they drop in unison and then rise on a warm draft . Wells watch they rise and rise . dissolve to : one white rose ... int . sedan do ville - day be place on the passenger seat of he car . Wells smoking . driving . flick ash at the ashtray , miss by a mile . 128 . through the glass , a familiar , neater house appear . ext . kay 's house - day he pull into the driveway of Kay 's house . the car shut off . he gather himself . pick up the rise . get out of the car . hart Hubbard , pruning a bush , stop snipping . neighbor Kenny , I be still worried about that mulberry over the back fence . a old Mulberry tree grow over the share fence . Wells do not need to look . well I know . good to see you , hart . hart hubbard good to see you too , Kenny . he 's at the door . he take a breath and knock . after a while he hear footstep . then the door open . revealing kay . she look at the single flower . at Wells . well can I come in ? Kay consider a beat longer than be comfortable , then step aside to let he in . int . kay' house - kitchen - day Wells see the pool have be fix and fill . it sparkles . Wells sit at the dinette look at Kay . she look at he . a golden light shine through new curtain above the sink . kay I make curtain . well the house look great . and so do you . Kay put the flower in a small vase . she put two coffee cup on the dinette . she look at he a moment then shake she head . Wells take a cup of coffee . well ( cont 'd ) I call up carl. 129 . kay you call Carl ? ( beat ) what would he say ? well I think he be surprised to hear from I . he will see I next week . no promise . kay wait , you really call he ? well ( beat ) no ... not yet . but I be go to . she start to laugh . he start to laugh . he reach out he hand to hold hers across the table . they look at each other . well ( cont ’d ) goddamn . and then they laugh at the absurdity of it all , of life , of try to make sense of any of it . kay oh , some stuff come for you . some mail . she go and find a grocery bag of stuff that 's come for he . he dump it on the table , search past catalogue and time - share opportunity , until he find what he 's look for : a foreign envelope thin and light blue with par avion stamp on it . Wells look at it . he look at Kay . then he take out a small pocket knife , use the short blade to slice it open . he extract ... a old napkin . the napkin . the one he and acosta sign in the jungle . he unfold it . he read : prove ‘em all wrong . '' 50 - 50 " whatever it take ... 130 . follow by two fade signature : Kenny Wells & Mike acosta . he stare at Mike 's signature a long moment , remember . kay ( cont 'd ) what ? what be it ? also in the envelope -- a deposit slip $ 82,000,000 in he name , at the first bank of gibraltar , exactly half what acosta sell , fifty percent . he look up at Kay mysteriously . and he smile . smash to black : the end for you consideration best original screenplay Patrick massett & John Zinman ww twc www.twcawards.com