gone girl August 29 , 2013 gone girl base on the novel by gillian Flynn screenplay by gillian Flynn twentieth century fox final shoot script 10201 W. pico Blvd. august 29 , 2013 Los Angeles , CA 90035 revision September 15 , 2013 & September 27 , 2013 all rights reserve . copyright '' 2014 twentieth century fox film corporation . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including on any web site , without the prior written consent of twentieth century fox film corporation . disposal of this script copy doe not alter any of the restriction set forth above . yellow revise pink revise Blue script White script gone girl by gillian Flynn base on the novel by gillian Flynn 9/27/13 - 9/15/13 8/29/13 - 7/30/13 Al black screen Al nick ( v.0 . ) when I think of my wife , I always think of she head . fade in : int . bedroom - sometime 1 we see the back of amy dunne 's head , rest on a pillow . nick ( v.0o . ) I picture crack she lovely skull , unspool she brain , Nick run he finger into Amy 's hair . nick ( v.o. ) try to get answer . he twirl and twirl a lock , a screw tightening . nick ( v.0 . ) the primal question of a marriage : what be you think ? how be you feel ? what have we do to each other ? amy wake , turn , give a look of alarm . black screen ext . NORTH carthage - morning 2 a carve faux - marble entry — read forest glen ousher we into a ruin housing development . mostly vacant house . a few fourth of July decoration hang in window . a weird , bucolic air : sway grasses , stray wildlife . ext . nick dunne 's front yard - dawn 3 title card : JULY 5th , 2012 the morning of nick dunne , 30 , handsome , be take out the trash ; he yard be the only one mow — all around he wilderness encroach . the SUN rise over the treeline and blare its first - degree spotlight in he face . he look ill . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 2 . he turn and stare back at he house as if gird himself . he stride across the yard , open the door . his shadowy figure fill the doorway for a moment . he shut the door . * ext . bar parking lot ~ day 4 * nick - wear noticeably different clothes — arrive under a * * glaring SUN . down the street , a troupe of homeless men walk single file along the river . int . the bar - day 5 Nick 's twin sister , go , 30 , nerdy - hot , be wash mug . the bar be pack with ' 80s kitsch : board game , toy , poster . they very own clubhouse . go ah , the irish prince grace we with he presence . he sit on the bar 's customer side . she flick sud at he . * nick bring you a present . he set a decrepit ' 70 - era master mind on the bar . go ( sweet smile ) master mind ! I hate this game ! nick you love it . go you love it . thanks . she place it behind the bar alongside sorry ! , clue , life . nick * pour I a bourbon , would ya ? go glance pointedly at the clock : 11:09 a.m . she pour two * bourbon . settles in . go what 's up , jitter ? he shrug . she try to wait he out . fail . he smile . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 3. go ( cont ’d ) if you do not talk , I ’1ll fill the silence with : a excruciate Story by margo dunne . this be a old , reliable routine . go ( cont ’d ) I could tell you about my customer - service experience while change Internet provider . nick I do like that one . go or the time I see a woman who look exactly like my friend monica but it be not monica , it be a stranger - ~ nick - whose name be ... monica . go make it kind of interesting . she give a look : talk . nick it 's a bad day . go Amy ? nick we anniversary . five . go five ?! that come fast . nick and furious . int . somewhere - sometime 6 closeup on a pen , cursive across a diary . the pen be girly , top with pink feather . we see at the top : January 8 , 2005 . we hear the word as we see they write in pink . amy ( v.o. ) I be so crazy , stupid happy . gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 4. int . brooklyn apartment - night 7 amy elliott , early 30 , gorgeous , be in a crowded hipster party . dude-heavy . she weave she way through the guy . amy ( v.0 . ) I meet a boy . she spot she friend deep - flirt a guy , and stop midway , stick with two beer . she make she way toward a table with pick - over food and scan the room for anyone she know . she spot nick dunne~he spot she . amy ( v.o. ) a great , gorgeous , sweet , cool - ass guy . Nick weave he way over . she 's set down she beer . nick it 's dangerous to set down a monk - brew belgian wheat beer when the party be down to three Beast lite and a bottle of pucker . amy might attract some desperate character . he gesture toward a group of williamsburg musician - type : suspender and broad-brimmed hat . nick thing could get ugly . the amish be on rumspringa . amy they already relieved I of my artisanal meat platter . nick finally , someone to tell I how to pronounce that word . amy meat ? nick one syllable . he pick up the beer . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 5. nick ( cont 'd ) whose beer be I drink ? ( move closer to she , so they have same Pov ) what 's you type ? they scan the crowd together . cozy . Nick point to a horn - rimmed , haughty douchebag . nick ( cont ’d ) I can not picture you sit still while he bloviate about he post - grad thesis on proust . Nick point to a sideburn guy in a novelty tee . nick ( cont 'd ) ironic hipster so self - aware he make everything a joke ? amy I prefer man who be funny , not '' funny . '' Nick point to a wavy - haire granola - yoga type . nick please tell I it 's not deeply sensitive emo- dude - amy - who say thing like '' I love strong woman . '' nick code for '' I hate strong woman . '' a beat as they scan the room , then face each other . amy and what type be you ? nick corn-fe , salt - of the earth Missouri guy . amy Missouri ?! how cute . nick ah : native New Yorker ! ee eh * ee ok gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 6. amy World end at the Hudson . I be Amy . nick so tell I , Amy . who be you ? amy A. I be a award - win scrimshander . B. I be a moderately influential warlord . cc. I write personality quizze for magazine . nick ( take she hand ) A. you finger be far too delicate for real scrimshaw work . B. I be a charter subscriber to middle warlord weekly — I be sure I would recognize you . so : C . amy and you ? who be you ? nick I be the guy to save you from all this awesomeness . int . apartment elevator - night they head down : tipsy , not touch , but think about it . amy so if you write for a man 's Magazine , do that make you a expert on be a man ? nick in theory , I know what man drink , what man wear - amy how man bullshit . nick not with you . Amy laugh : ha , ha . nick ( cont 'd ) I be serious . she stop , study he . 10 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 7. amy it 's hard to believe you . I think it 's you chin . nick my chin ? amy it 's quite villainous . she place a finger over he chin . test the view . nick no bullshit. 100 % truth . ext . brooklyn - night 9 they be huddle together , walk to hail a cab . nick I love New York party because I get to leave and walk out into New York . the great what next ? they turn the corner and step into a cloud of powder sugar as it 's funnel into a bakery . a sugar snowstorm . Nick grin : like this ! nick ( cont 'd ) you know I have to kiss you now . amy be that right ? nick I would be a fool to let you walk through a sugar storm unkiss . the sugar float all around they . a fairytale . they lean in . nick ( cont 'd ) hold on . Nick brushes she lip clean . they kiss . int . nick's bedroom - night 10 a shabby , cramped garden studio apartment . bar on the window . nick and amy be in bed : blissful . outside , a car 's headlight flash : they sugary print light up the headboard . * * * gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 8. amy Nick dunne . I really like you . 11 int . the bar - day 11 the master mind sit untouched as go set up life . go so be Amy go to do one of she anniversary — whaddaya call it ?- treasure hunt ? nick you mean the force march design to point out what a uncare , oblivious asshole I be . go wow . silence . Nick stare at the life board . nick life . I do not remember the point . go deep hasbro thought . spin . what be the clue last year she get so mad about ? nick ( recite ) '' when you poor Amy have a cold ; this dessert just must be sell . '' go the answer ? nick I do not know , go ! nick spin , move he man , land on get married . go few year ago — you have have know . go place a pink peg-wife in he car . he glare at it . nick few year ago it be fun . Year one , the traditional gift be paper — so at the end , she give I a bound notebook . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 nick ( cont 'd ) so I could write my novel . go what would you give she ? nick a kite . she have never fly a kite . go spin ; skip over the get married space . nick ( cont 'd ) Year four : flower . she lead I to the die rosebush in we backyard . go the one you never water ... so symbolic . what 's the gift for five ? nick Wood . go what have you get she ? nick there 's no good gift for wood . go go home , fuck she brain out , then smack she with you penis : some wood for you , bitch ! they laugh . interrupted by the phone . go answer . go ( cont 'd ) the bar ... yep , hold on . ( hand over mouthpiece ) it 's watchful wally ! nick Bet my gutter need snake . ( pick up phone ) hey , walter . what 's up ?... oh! that be weird . ok , thanks . ( to go ) bleecker 's outside . go you be way too into that cat . nick he 's my special furry pal . 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 10 . he head to the door , point at the life board . nick ( cont 'd ) tell I how it end . ext . dunne house - day 12 nick pull up , salute walter , who 's on he front porch behind a WALKER . walter give a curt nod . bleecker be sit on the dunne stair . Nick scoops he up , head to the front door , which be gaping wide OPEN . Nick stop in he track . int . dunne house - day 13 nick do not close the door . he set the cat down . nick Amy ? we follow Nick as he head up the stair . int . bedroom - day 14 neat. empty . a iron sit on a irone board , pretty dress next to it . no Amy . int . hallway - upstair room - day 15 Nick proceed — quickly — down the hallway , peer into door : a office ( he , a disaster ) ; a elaborately pillow guest room , and one room that contain only a litter BOX . Nick go back downstairs , into : int . dine room ~— day 16 two placemat on the shiny table . int . office - day 17 Amy 's office . neat as a pin . empty . int . kitchen - day ' 18 Nick run back through the dine room , into the : gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 11 . 19 int . live room -— day 19 Nick stop short . the carpet be cover with glass shard from the overturn coffee table . end table be smashed ; a ottoman be upside down . nick back up . 20 ext . walter' front porch - day 20 walter look up from he paper as he hear , from across the street : nick ( 0.s8 . ) Amy !! 21 int . dunne house - day 21 door open on rhonda boney , 40s , and jim gilpin , 20 . boney Mr. dunne ? I be detective Rhonda boney and this be Officer James gilpin . we understand there be concern about you wife ? Nick walk they in , show they the scene . nick my wife be go . I come home to this . they bend down , examine the scene . hard to read if they be impressed or not . boney take a yellow post - it and place it on the mantel below three upright photo frame . nick ( cont 'd ) I be not someone who hit the panic button , but - it 's weird , right ? boney you mind if we look around ? 22 int . stairwell - day 22 they speak in time to the stair step . boney how long you two be here ? nick two year , September . we use to live in New York . gg ~ Blue draft - 8/29/13 12 . gilpin City ? nick I be a writer . we be writer . boney why would y'all come back here ? nick my mom get sick . boney I be sorry , how be she ? nick she 's dead . 23 int . upstair hallway - day 23 boney reach the landing , eye Nick like a patient mom . boney I be so sorry . they start down the hall . boney ( cont 'd ) so what do you do now ? for work . nick now I own the bar , downtown . with my twin sister , margo . boney the bar ! Love the name . very meta . 24 int . bedroom — day 24 boney test the iron . hot. unplug it . look at the dress . boney pretty dress . date night ? nick it 's we anniversary . boney stick another post - it on the ironing board . 25 26 27 28 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 13. int . kitchen - day 25 Nick walk ahead with gilpin as boney linger : she see on * the baseboard three splashes of rusty red . look more curious than alarmed . a post - it down . * int . amy office - day 26 boney enter . check out Amy 's desk area . boney flip through * Amy 's well - tend desk calendar : '' nick : dentist '' be set for March 2013 . in July 2013 be '' bleecker : shot . '' Amy 's degree cover the wall : harvard undergrad , Masters in psych . * boney wow . impressive gal . one small corner be dedicated to a kid 's book series , amazing amy . photo of Amy , at all age , with she parent , rand and marybeth , in front of poster for the book . nick so should I be con ( cern ) - boney ( study a picture ) I remember this book . closeup of a dual frame : amazing amy , the iconic cartoon draw , be grin from one side . we real amy elliott dunne be mimick the same grin on the other side . boney ( cont 'd ) I remember this ! wait . you wife be amazing Amy ? int . somewhere - sometime 27 closeup of a diary , a pen — advertising amazing amy — be cursive across . the eraser topper be a bride with veil . the date be February 24 , 2007 . we see the word as we hear : * amy ( v.o. ) amazing Fucking Amy be get fuck marry ! that 's how the night start . int . upscale new york restaurant - night 28 tiny book launch party . poster advertise the amazing amy book series — all 20 . '' written by rand and marybeth elliott — two psychologist — who be parent just like you ! '' gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 14 . amy . ( v.o. ) with I —- regular , flaw , Real Amy —jealous , as always , of the golden child . perfect , brilliant amazing Amy . who be get fuck marry . nick and Amy be tight together . waiter be circulate drink , wear t-shirt with a impish amazing Amy and she trademark line : if it 's worth do , it 's worth do bright ! nick now you can say you come . and in 10 minute we will leave . amy perfect , time for a quick tour of my failing . they walk along the wall of book poster . stop in front of a poster of : gradeschool amazing amy hold a cello . a mutt beside she . amy ( cont 'd ) when I be 10 I quit cello . in the next book , amazing Amy become a prodigy . next poster : teen amazing amy play volleyball . nick you do not play volleyball . amy I get cut freshman year . she make varsity . they continue they tour . nick and how long do you have a dog ? amy she get a dog . puddle make she more relatable . they stop in front of the biggest poster : amazing Amy , in a bridal veil , a bland GROOM next to she . the banner read : 30th anniversary special edition - amazing amy and the big day . nick I love you parent , but they can be asshole . gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 15 . in the center of the limp party , rand and marybeth , 60 , cheerily hand out commemorative pens - identical to the one Amy use for she diary . rand spot they - hand they each a pen . rand ( to Amy ) hey , sweetheart , this be a big night for you mom . it would mean so much to she if you would talk toa few reporter . blogger . give ' ema little '' Amy '' color . painful pause . rand ( cont ’d ) people want to hear from you . amy we can not stay long - rand fantastic ! Fifteen minute , top ! as rand stride away , Nick give Amy a look . amy this be why I have my trust fund , my Brooklyn brownstone . I can not really complain . nick you parent plagiarize you childhood . amy no , they improve upon it , and then peddle it to the mass . marybeth pop up , a little tipsy , hug they . marybeth I think you be go to wear white to match the wedding theme . amy I think that have be embarrassing . marybeth ( half joke ) if it 's worth do - nick it 's worth do ..how 's that go ? gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 16 . bright ! bright ! the waiter be everywhere in the t-shirt . nick ( cont 'd ) tip of my tongue ... marybeth you be very cute , Nick . Amy , you know what would make dad 's night - amy I be on it . ( to Nick ) I love have stranger pick at my scab . 29 int . - bar corner - night 29 Amy , stand at a cocktail table , deal with a montage of New York media type . nick hover nearby . earnest girl I be curious whether it 's difficult for you to watch amazing Amy head down the aisle - fashionista - and this big party celebrate this fictional wedding - nervous intern because my understanding be that you be not marry - above-it-all journalist correct ? amy correct . amazing Amy be always , always one step ahead of I . Nick cut in , block the journalist . nick I have a few question . amy ah , it 's you . nick I be here in a strictly journalistic capacity . he elaborately set out pad , pen . amy prepare to be amused . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 17 . nick ( cont 'd ) Amy , you have have the pleasure of dating Nick dunne for how long ? amy two magical year . nick be it true that during the course of you relationship , you have perform such gracious gesture as ( check note ) ..- not correct Nick when he pronounce quinoa as kwin-o- a . amy a understandable mistake . nick he also think it be a fish . amy he think velveeta be a cheese . nick touché . amy I think it 's pronounce tow - chay . nick ( laugh ) you also manage to appear surprised and delighted when Nick 's elderly mother break into '' New York , New York '' every ... time ... she see you . amy ( croon ) this bag of bone shoe ... nick you also buy Nick he first pair of scissors , correct ? amy and match stapler . nick Amy Elliott , you be beyond amazing . you be incredibly smart but entirely unsnobby . you be kind but never a martyr . you surprise I . you challenge I . ( more ) gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 18 . nick ( cont 'd ) and - fun fact for we reader — you have a world - class vagina . Amy choke on she drink . nick ( cont 'd ) however my colleague inform I that as yet you be not marry . amy I be not . nick be not it time we fix that ? amy ( v.o . ) then the night be not so bad anymore . 30 int . police station bullpen -— day gilpin be watch nick from the other side of the glass . nick 's fiddling with he smartphone . boney enter . boney how 's we boy ? gilpin he 's just fuck with he phone . play , like , tetris . they watch nick a few more second . boney I remember he , you know ? from when he be little . cute kid . straight out of a cereal commercial . gilpin give a bored grunt : he could not care less . boney ( cont 'd ) gil ? if this girl do not show up ... this could get out of hand . gilpin because of that book ? boney you wife like that tabloid crime show , right ? gilpin she 's a addict . 30 31 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 19 . boney ok , so : beautiful wife , handsome husband - gilpin wife go miss on she anniversary - boney - turn out she 's the star of a book series every woman in the country read as a kid . gilpin shit . boney we be the cop of a suburb of a suburb . let 's stay on we toe . int . police station bullpen - day 31 boney , gilpin and steve the tech enter . steve be brandish a packet of wrap q-tip and he gsr kit . boney Nick , this be Steve eckert . he 's go to take a swab of you cheek and a hand swipe if that 's ok . nick this be for ? gilpin gunshot residue , DNA . boney just so we can say we do . ok ? nick ok . Steve be in and out with no eye contact . boney and now it 's do . cross off the list . Steve leave . Nick watch he sample go out the door . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 20 . boney ( cont ’d ) now , normally , we would not treat this as a miss person case so quick . we would tell you to call back in 24 hour . but give the scene in the house and give we spike in violent crime of late , we be go to take this very , very seriously . nick ok . good. boney so : we get forensics over at you place . you get somewhere to stay ? nick my sister 's . boney good . we be tracking Amy 's phone , credit card . we will organize search , put up flyer . we will hold a press conference tomorrow . nick a press conference ?! boney want to get the word out , right ? a officer come in with two styrofoam cup of coffee , slap a manila envelope on the table . nick smile . boney frown . nick sorry . I feel like I be in a Law and order episode for a second . bum - bum . boney you be not , unfortunately . she stare at nick , aggressively pondering . boney ( cont 'd ) now , time be of the essence in this case . that say , if you want to call a lawyer ... nick no , no , whatever you need . gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 21 . boney ok , so you and Amy have be here two year . you tend bar . nick I own the bar . I also teach a creative - write class at mvcc . boney no kid ? nick no kid . boney so what do Amy do , most day ? woman with all that degree , what do she do ? nick she stay busy . boney do what ? Nick attempt a mental inventory . fail . nick she 's a big reader . this land as lamely as it sound — and everyone note it . boney day can get long . I know a few housewive , that evening glass of wine start come at noon . or prescription pill - gilpin just last week : soccer mom , nice lady , get she tooth kick in over some oxycontin . boney ever since the mall go bust , half the town out of work ... we can not keep up with the drug problem . nick I be sure that 's not it . boney Amy get friend we can talk to ? gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 22. nick not really . no. boney no friend . in this whole town . nick she be friendly with my mom ... ( pause ) we have have a problem with the homeless in we neighborhood - gilpin we will look into it . boney so you get to the bar around eleven today . where be you before then ? just to cross that off . nick well , I be at home until 9 or so . then I be at sawyer Beach . have my coffee , read the paper . boney you visit with anyone there ? nick I go there for the quiet . Nick pick off piece of he styrofoam cup ; it squeak . boney so you wife have no friend here . be she kinda ...stand-offish ?... ivy League ? Nick be visibly uncomfortable . he squeak at the styrofoam . boney ( cont ’d ) rub people the wrong way ? nick well , she 's complicated . she have high expectation . boney put she hand on he to get he to stop the squeaking . boney type a . that can drive you crazy if you be not like that . you seem laid - back . type B. speak of which : Amy 's blood type ? gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 23 . nick do not know . boney you do not know if she have friend , you do not know how she spend she day , you do not know she blood type ? gilpin sure you guy be marry ? nick maybe 0 ? boney her folk still in New York ? nick yes . boney can they get here in time for the press conference tomorrow ? nick I have not call they yet . boney you have not call you wife 's parent ? nick I have be talk with you ! boney call they please , Nick . now . nick leave — boney cock a eyebrow at gilpin . door shut . gilpin should I know my wife 's blood type ? int . police station hallway - day 32 Nick on a wall phone , pace on the short leash of the cord . we hear marybeth 's tone on the other end : female ; angry . nick I be so sorry , marybeth . I just keep hope she have walk back in the door . 33 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 24 . marybeth ( a scatter of word ) play ... tennis ...on a plane now - nick we be still not sure what we be deal with . the cop have be through the house and I have be at the station and we decide ... at this point they be take it very seriously . and so I be call you . marybeth ( a few word ) do they .... know ... if nick I be not positive on that . marybeth have they ... start ... nick I be not sure ... I have be juggling - a detective Rhonda boney . but ...ok . boney be stand outside the interrogation room . nick ( cont 'd ) my mother - in- law would like to speak with you . boney take the phone and nick walk down the hall , chasten , angry . splashes he face at the water fountain . breathes . look back at boney on the phone with marybeth . bill dunne ( 0.s. ) do not want to be here . nick stop in he track , listen . peer into a hold room . bill dunne , 60 , bedraggle , be mutter to himself while a quietly furious female officer wait with he . int . holding room - day 33 bill dunne I want to go home . nick what 's go on ? this be my dad . gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 25 . female officer really ? you be Nick dunne . we have be call you for hour . nick I have be here talk to you detective . my wife be miss . the officer begin to soften - bill dunne bitch . female officer you father wander out of Comfort Hill this morning . we find he walk Route 79 . disorient . we have be call . Nick hold up he phone . no bar . nick I have zero reception . but I have be right goddam next door . female officer Sir , please do not take that tone with I . bill dunne stupid , dumb bitch . boney be reveal to be in the doorway , listen . boney you want to drive he home ? 34 ext . police station - night boney walk nick to the exit . his dad be sit in the passenger seat of he car . boney you dad seem nice . Nick laugh in spite of himself . boney ( cont 'd ) Alzheimer 's ? nick he 's always be a misogynist asshole . 34 35 36 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 26 . boney you see he much ? nick not since I be 10 and my mom finally divorced he ass . boney give he a pat . boney go sleep . tomorrow will be long . she watch nick head down the step . gilpin join she . boney ( cont 'd ) let 's check the mall . just because he say it 's not drug related - gilpin yep . boney let 's check sawyer Beach . two hour there - someone have to have see he . gilpin will do . boney and let 's check into we guy here . see what kind of man he be . gilpin he 's the kind of man who play tetris while he wife be miss . int . car - night nick and he dad drive silently through the town . Nick 35 reach across he dad and remove from he glovebox a cheapo disposable phone . he dial . voicemail . hang up . int . / ext . nick be car - assisted live - night 36 he pull up front of Comfort Hill assisted live . help he dad out and inside . returns to car in second : fastest drop - off ever . 37 38 39 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 : 27 . int . somewhere - sometime 37 we see a souvenir big apple pen write across the diary — date at the top : July 5 , 2009 . we see the word as we hear : amy ( v.0 . ) everyone tell we — and tell we and tell we - marriage be hard work . ext . new york bookstore - establishing - day 38 int . new york bookstore - stack - day 39 Nick be wear a backpack , hold a amy-blue clue as he make he way ; Amy follow , all grin . amy ( v.o. ) and compromise ... and more work . abandon all hope , ye who enter . Nick be go past Z , past T , past 0 , past H. amy ( v.o. ) well it 's not true . not for I and Nick . with we , two year — it 's just good . nick I be not crazy : '' when young Amy 's hope do wane , she wander here in search of Jane . '' austen right ? they arrive at the a 's . nick ( cont 'd ) you be a alienate teen ... and only Elizabeth bennet understand you . he pull out pride and prejudice . a blue envelope inside . she kiss he . he read the next clue . nick ( cont ‘d ) you naughty minx . she kiss he again , deeply . look around . stack be empty . amy technically we be suppose to fuck at the next stop . 40 4l 42 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 28. nick in keep with tradition . she 's already undoing he belt . Hand inside he jeans . amy we have never fuck in a bookstore . nick God bless Jane austen . int . bookstore ~ stack - day 40 a bookshelf : pack with book . one tumble to the floor . another . another . Three at once as a hand bust through : Amy try to get a grip . through the fall book we can see Nick and Amy in patchwork : they look like a ad for sex . int . bar - afternoon 4l Nick and Amy , post - glow , clink glass and swallow . nick I have not be here since ... amy I drag you into the lady 's room on we second date . nick why do we end up here ? amy it be January . we be cold . the light be on . they both sip . nick book , sex , bourbon . life be good . Nick scan under the bar . find a blue envelope . Nick read the clue . nick ( cont 'd ) and just get better . ext . dim sum restaurant - establishing - night 42 43 44 45 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 29 . int . dim sum restaurant - night 43 the table be strewn with dish , dessert , drink . a feast . the waiter approach with a gift box , set it on the table . amy Year two , cotton . Nick open the top , peer in . a strange look on he face . amy ( cont 'd ) because , we have that joke , that we sex be too good for mere - he pull out luxurious deep blue sheet . they be out of the wrapping , fold like a newspaper with a bow . amy ( cont 'd ) so this be 2,000 thread count - Nick hand she he backpack , grin . Amy open it , pull out a gift bag — and identical sheet . Nick kiss she . amy ( cont 'd ) sometimes I want to punch we in the face we be so cute . they kiss again . stay close . nick ( whisper ) that 's crazy though , be not it ? ext . go 's house - establishing —- night 44 int . go live room - night 45 go be shaking out sheet — 200 count — while Nick pace . go do they ask if you want a lawyer ? she tuck the sheet into the couch . nick I do not need a lawyer . go do they ask you personal stuff ? about Amy ? 46 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 30 . nick they ask why she have no friend here . go what would you say ? nick I just say she be complicated . go Nick , everyone know '' complicated '' be code for bitch . Nick 's phone buzy in he pocket . go be get bourbon . he hit off . she return with two glass and a bottle . go ( cont 'd ) I feel sick . it 's so bizarre . it just seem like the kind of thing that would happen to Amy . she always attract - nick Drama . you be with I , go . you can say it . go just because I do not love Amy do not mean I do not care about she . I be really scared . go toss a pillow at Nick , wait for a reaction . nothing . ext . dunne house - night 46 boney be drink a huge coffee as she and gilpin walk toward the house . we can see a half block away , noelle hawthorne , pregnant , towing identically dress toddler triplet . noelle detective , detective ! noelle catch up . a air of annoying self - importance . in the background , we can see cop scour the neighborhood . noelle ( cont 'd ) I be noelle hawthorne . I be Amy 's best friend . boney and gilpin exchange a look : a friend ?! 47 48 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 31 . boney wow , great . where do you live , noelle ? noelle five door down , 1022 . boney wonderful . I would love to talk with you , thank you . can I come by in half a hour ? noelle do you know anything yet ? boney I be so sorry , I get guy on the clock . give I 30 minute ? noelle that 's usually bathtime . boney we will talk between shampoos . int . dunne live room - night 47 a half dozen officer be on scene : photo , fingerprint . officer be bagging all the trash . boney , gilpin and donnelly , forensics , hit the stair . boney so where be we ? donnelly that be definitely blood spatter you see in the kitchen . normally , kitchen ; knife ; food prep ; not that weird . but the positioning be awfully strange . I will order a Luminol sweep . int . bedroom ~ night 48 as they reach the bedroom , we can see a officer next door in Nick 's office , sifting through the content of the fireplace and bagging . a uniform officer await they in the bedroom . gilpin House be rent , in she name . car be in she name . ( more ) gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 gilpin ( cont 'd ) phone , credit card , utility all in she name . even he bar be in she name . 31a . 49 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 32. boney I do not know that 's so surprising . gilpin no , but it be humiliate . officer ( motion to closet ) it 's way in the back there . boney head into the walk - in , dress and shirt sway as she pass . at the far back be Amy 's dresser . a drawer be open . Inside be a blue envelope mark clue one . boney exit the closet display it for gilpin . boney we have we first clue ! she rip open the envelope . int . go live room - morning 49 nick be asleep on the couch , a empty bottle of bourbon next to he . go nudge he awake , proffering a Coke and advil . Nick take they silently , guzzle the Coke , check he watch . title card : July 6 , 2012 one day gone nick I should shower . go go just like that . you have be up all night . you want to look like you have be up all night . ( pause ) be careful today , ok ? nick that 's a weird thing to say . go when you be upset , you bottle up . you can seem ... angry ... like - nick please do not say like dad . * 50 51 52 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 33. go or else you swing into you mama 's boy charm offensive — it can feel glib . nick great , I will try to balance on the exact edge of you emotional razor . Fucking press conference . co just be - nick myself ? silence . because the obvious answer be no . omit - int . car - day 50 ext . police station - day 51 nick and go arrive at the police station and get out of car . int . police station — day 52 boney walk nick and go in . the busy crowd of cop part : we see rand and marybeth , suitcase at they foot . boney you in - law make it . nick approach warily . rand hug he fiercely . marybeth stay outside the circle . marybeth we play tennis last night , Nick ! I just can not get over it . nick marybeth , I be sorry . rand ( to marybeth ) we be here now . marybeth I know you should not have move back here . 53 54 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 34 . nick ( point ) we do not have a lot of choice . rand we be all worried , we be all scared . but we be all here now , and we will find Amy . together . he pull marybeth in on the hug . she allow it but keep tracking everything in the office . int . police station ~— day 53 boney and go Pov on group hug . boney they get along ? co honestly , here 's the secret to Nick . he look like the preppy asshole from the ' 80s teen movie , but he 's really the a/ V nerd with the pet ferret . int . station conference room - day 54 boney lead the elliott and nick into a room of a half dozen bore local reporter : texting , eat , gab . as they catch sight of handsome nick , they put down they sandwich . amy 's gorgeous missing poster be reveal . a amazing amy book jacket be reveal . everyone be extremely attentive . nick thank you for come . my wife , Amy Elliott dunne , go miss from we home on July 5 between 9 be and 11:30 be under very concern circumstance . we ask for anyone who may have knowledge of what have happen to she to come forward . and ...he 's do ? rand step in . rand Amy be we only child . she 's smart and beautiful and kind . she really be amazing Amy . ( more ) 55 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 35 . rand ( cont 'd ) I know there be million of people out there who grow up with she and care about she . we care about she , we love she and we want she back . marybeth Amy be a decorate scholar . she forge a successful career in journalism . she return here to she husband 's hometown , and she make a life in she adopt home . now Amy need you help . we be set up a volunteer headquarters at the drury Lodge . we have a hotline , 1-855-4-amy-tips and we website be findamaze amy.com . Nick and the Elliotts pause for a few photo . the Elliotts look devastate ; nick look annoyed . a photog ask Nick to pose next to Amy 's photo : a dement prom shot . SNAP ! nick look more annoyed . he glance at go ; she prod he to smile . nick flash a sudden , smarmy smile , overly charming and oily . the cameras click crazily . SNAP ! SNAP ! he drop it . int . police conference room — day 55 boney , rand and marybeth and nick be at a conference table . boney be take note . the Elliotts have they two suitcase with they . they open one : it 's fill with '' amy file '' : photo album , news clipping , amazing Amy book . marybeth we have suspect you 's 1ll want to look at , detective . rand be pull out photo , note , from a manila envelope . rand Amy 's the kind of girl who attract admirer . tell she , Nick . nick it 's very true . rand we have have a few instance where thing get - marybeth scary . ( to Nick ) do you know about desi colling ? gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 36 . a photo fly into frame : amy , in a old prom shot with desi colling . board - school beautiful . it echoe the '' prom shot '' we just see of Nick and '' cardboard Amy . '' silence . nick yes . I know all about desi . I know he write she letter . marybeth he be obsessed . he attempt suicide after Amy break up with he sophomore year . we file a restrain order . boney this would be high school ... 20 year ago ? marybeth he move to St. louis-that 's just two hour away - nick to be fair , he 's from St. Louis —he move back . I have read he letter . they be friendly . marybeth threaten ? nick friendly . rand we also have Tommy o’hara . this be only eight year ago in New York . she break up with he - he get very physical . she file charge . nick I do not know this . boney ( take note ) what be the charge ? sexual assault ? battery ? threat ? rand I only know it be bad . boney ok . thank you . anything ... recent ? 56 57 58 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 37 . int . police station MAIN room - day 56 boney be walk they out . Reporters be close in like curious shark . as rand and marybeth answer a few nibble , boney grab nick . a bit clandestine . boney get a minute ? int . boney 's office - day 57 in the center of boney 's desk sit the envelope : clue one . boney imagine we confusion : miss person case , and here we find a envelope mark clue . nick for we anniversary Amy always do * this treasure hunt - * boney hope you can tell I what this * mean . nick you want to solve my wife 's treasure hunt ? boney it ’'ll help we track Amy 's movement * before she disappear : where she go , who she might have see . : * he take the clue , doubtfully , dreadfully , and read . nick '' although this spot could not be * tighter / it 's a cozy room for my * favorite writer '' I think I know * this . int . college - day 58 nick and boney weave past bored summer - school kid . nick reach he office , find he key , step over a pile of mail . amy ( v.0 . ) after-school meeting ? do not mind if * I do ... 59 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 38. int . nick 's college office - day 59 it 's dust mote-y , messy , cramped . amy ( v.o. ) maybe I ‘'1l teach you a thing or two . the blue envelope -clue two - sit in the center of Nick 's desk . he give a glance to boney before touch it . boney my guest . he pick up a pair of scissor that sit next to a matching stapler and open it . boney read over he shoulder . insert on note : hey , handsome man — let 's go undercover . you be the spy and I 'il be he lover . let 's head on over to the little brown house . we will play hot , dote husband and sweet loving spouse . boney 's Pov as she poke around , look in he file drawer . unlike Amy 's , it have but one file : book ideas . the file be empty . on the shelf : the usual modern male Canon suspect : franzen , lethem , chabon , eggers . boney 's eye hit the wall . boney ( cont ’d ) this yours ? boney hold a red lacy thong on the end of a pencil . boney ( cont ’d ) they be on you thermostat . nick look stunned . there 's a long , painful silence . nick you read the clue . boney Randy professor and naughty student ! my ex and I just swap card . boney slip the undy into a evidence bag . Nick stare , almost mesmerize . boney nod toward the clue . boney ( cont 'd ) where next ? where 's the little brown house ? gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 39 . nick no idea . this be a obvious stonewall . boney pluck the clue from he . boney I will make you a copy . 60 int . somewhere - sometime 60 a elegant silver pen cursive over a diary . date : October 11 , 2009 . we see the word as we hear : amy ( v.o. ) I have swear never to be one of that wife . I think I have do a pretty good job . a61 int . brooklyn brownstone bedroom - pre -~dawn a61 Amy in bed , be awaken by rattling of the front door . b6él int . brooklyn brownstone live room - pre - dawn bél Amy cross to the door , open it to see Nick , drunk , dishevel , try to get he key in . a pause as she stare down at he . amy hello , handsome . nick I be a little drunk . amy I see that . nick David and Alex and I end up - amy ( sweetly ) I do not care . she kiss he . swipe a finger along he jawline . amy ( cont 'd ) body glitter . how fancy of you . he start to explain . she kiss he again . * 61 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 39a . amy ( cont 'd ) baby , I really do not care . int . brooklyn brownstone bedroom - pre -dawn 61 amy and nick , post -sex , in a big victorian bedroom — beautiful . amy let 's swear we will never be like they . nick who ? Amy make a sweeping gesture : everyone outside they window . amy every other couple we know . wive who treat they man like hapless puppy : to be train and break . Nick know this game - define themselves by who they be not . nick husband who treat they wife like eccentric dictator : to be appease and contain . amy couple whose conversation revolve around to - do list . nick couple ~ ( pause in game ) I think I may be laid off . * gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 40 . amy ( shrugging it off ) we be in a recession . if it happen , we will deal with it . we have each other — everything else be background noise . a huge weight come off Nick . nick you be ... ( do not say '' amazing '' ... ) exceptional . amy you be exceptional . he brushes he finger over she lip and kiss she , same as they first kiss . a ritual . amy ( cont 'd ) my turn . my parent 's publisher drop they . they be in debt up to they ear . nick oh no , that 's awful . amy they heed to borrow from my trust fund . nick ( skeptical ) how much ? amy almost a million . nick that 's almost all . amy this be where you say , '' everything else be background noise . '' nick Amy , if I be laid off and you be laid off - amy I tell they I would do it . 62 63 64 65 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 4l . nick without even talk to I ? amy well it be - nick you say . amy they money . technically . a hard moment . Nick finally blink . nick you be right . everything else be background noise . she study he . he put a finger to he chin : they old code . no bullshit . int . nick 's car ~ kinko 's parking lot - night 62 Nick hop in the car , slap a stack of amy missing 8x10s on the passenger seat . begins drive . as soon as he 's out of the lot , he pull out he disposable . missed call missed call missed call . he dial . voicemail . omit - int . elliot HOTEL room - night 63 int . nick 's car - NORTH carthage street - night 64 nick call I . Nick drive into a run-down neighborhood . he pull out clue two - a xerox copy — from he pocket . amy ( vo ) hey , handsome man / let 's go undercover . you be the hero and I will be he lover . let 's head on over to the little brown house . ext . bill dunne 's house - night 65 he pull up to a blue house . a for sale sign in the yard . * + ee 66 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 amy ( v.0o . ) we will play hot , dote husband and sweet loving spouse . int . bill dunne 's kitchen - night 42 . 66 nick enter ; immediately a alarm start . beep. beep. beep . he pound a few button . reek reek reek . he dial the alarm company on he cell . nick hi , my alarm be go off . Nicholas dunne ... it may be under my dad 's name , William - reek reek reek . nick ( cont 'd ) .. my wife 's first pet 's name ? this be so unnecessary . please do not - reek reek reek . nick ( cont ’d ) I be tell you - wait ! be it puddle ? flash cop light in the window . nick hang the next amy -envelope , mark clue 3 , sit counter . stuff it in he back pocket just as boney hello , stranger . Fancy meeting you here . ( into she walkie ) we be good . up . he spot on the kitchen boney enter . the alarm screech another three second . boney sip she giant coffee . the alarm turn off . boney ( cont ’d ) you dad 's house , right ? nick be you follow I ? boney why be you here ? nick I come by once a week , make sure the place have not burnt down . * 67 68 69 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 43. she start to nose around . nick ( cont 'd ) everything seem fine . I will walk you out . ext . bill dunne house - night 67 boney shine a flashlight on the house . it 's blue . : boney think maybe this be the little brown house . from the clue . nick still blue . Nick start he engine without further ado . int . nick be car - night 68 nick pull up to go 's . he read the note . insert on note : we see the word as we hear : amy ( v.o. ) picture I : I 'ma girl who be very bad / I need to be punish and by punish I mean have . nothing . he try to calm himself . can not . he slam he fist on the dashboard . once , twice , three time . amy ( v.o. ) it 's where you keep goody for anniversary five so open the door — and look alive . int . somewhere - sometime 69 a pen— bic , gnarled at the top-cursive over a diary . the date : July 18 , 2010 . we see the word as we hear : amy ( v.o. ) want to test you marriage for weak spot ? add one recession . subtract two job . * a oe of 70 71 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 44 , int . brooklyn brownstone - day 70 she open drape , pick up beer can and old takeout . amy ( v.o. ) it 's surprisingly effective . int . den - day 71 amy open the door to reveal nick in he boxer , beer can next to he . he 's flipping channel like the remote be a gun . he watch she as she tidy . she see a shopping bag ; start pull out the content : a laptop , ipod , a dozen ps2 game . amy more game ? nick ( eye on tv ) I feel I need to shoot something . amy what 's the laptop for ? nick laptop . she fold she arm . sigh . a '' let 's talk '' sigh . nick ( cont 'd ) right , I forget . you can give you parent $ 879,000 without ask I , but god forbid I buy legend of Zelda without you permission . amy you be spend a lot . nick Amy , I know you do not trust I . you do not trust my judgment , you do not trust my intention — amy what be you talk about ? nick that 's the basic tenet of a prenup , right ? amy why be you throw that in my face again ? * 72 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 nick it 's easy to throw . amy Nick , I do not get it . it 's like you be dare I to be someone I do not want to be . the nag wife . the control bitch . I be not that person . I be you wife . that reach Nick . a beat . he take a breath . nick I be sorry . I just - I have have a job since I be 12 . I mow lawn and dig post hole and flip burger . I work all this shitty job so I could go to college , and get a job . I do not know how to not have a job . amy you will get another - his cell ring . he let it . nick - and it 's great that we have you money . at least when I have a job . now it 's different . now : I be beholden to you . he check display and see who it be . pick up . nick ( cont 'd ) hey go ... what 's wrong ? amy ( v.o . ) suddenly I know everything be about to get worse . ext . drury lodge - morning 45 . 72 a closeup of Amy 's photo on a homemade poster hold by a little girl , hopping out of a suv . the child drag it through a busy parking lot : two newsvan , suv , station wagon . woman pile out . a strangely festive air : many wear red white and blue of the 4th of JULY weekend . title card : JULY 7 , 2012 two day gone ee * % a * 73 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 45a . int . drury lodge ballroom - morning 73 volunteer transform the dingy ballroom into the find Amy headquarters . phone bank plugge in ; a giant amy headshot be hang ; donut . a few photographer take shot . it feel like the desperate campaign headquarters of a lose politician . nick enter , and friend and neighbor rush to welcome he . he make old woman blush ; he charm the bashful kid of old girlfriend . lot of hug . a group of overtan fortysomethings eye nick , whisper like girl — they leader , shawna , catch nick 's eye . nick smile , politely . from across the room , go see all this and roll she eye : same as always . marybeth see this and it be noted . nick extricate himself and spot boney head to he . he pass desi colling , all grow up ( and unrecognize ) . desi be protectively hold a handful of flier with Amy 's photo . the two exchange a glance as they pass each other . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 46 . nick ( eyeing desi ) you know that guy ? boney do not worry , we videotape everyone who come in or out of this thing . you tend to get a lot of - nick do-gooder ? boney freak . hey , mean to ask you : noelle hawthorne ? nick shrug : who ? boney ( cont 'd ) live on you street ? Amy 's best friend . nick I have never hear the name noelle hawthorne . boney she and she husband have triplet ? nick oh! right . no. best friend ? Amy do not even know she . I mean , to wave hi , but ... no . at the snack table , a homeless guy be steal food . nick excuse himself to have word with he as gilpin sidle up . boney he act like noelle be a complete stranger . gilpin of course he do . nick hand the homeless guy a bag of bagel to go . gilpin cont ’d ) oh , look , he 's be a good guy so we can all see he be a good guy . boney you really do not like he . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 47 . gilpin . what 's to like ? volunteer be disperse to search site . each volunteer be hold a color piece of paper with the name of a site on it : forest glen . riverwalk . nick spot marybeth and rand leave and be about to head over when he get another glimpse of desi - — the two lock eye . nick can not quite place he , but desi start move , and nick follow , weaving through the crowd . exit into : 74 int . hallway - day 74 the hallway be vacant . Nick 's disposable begin buzzing . he duck farther down the hall . nick be pick up just as : shawna peer around the corner . Nick abruptly end the call . shawna Nick ? I just want to introduce myself . my name 's shawna Kelly . Nick nod : thanks . he 's seethe at the interruption . shawna ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry for you ... trouble . nick that 's very kind . he give she a after - you gesture but she do not budge . shawna be you remember to eat ? nick lotta cold cut . again : after you . shawna I be go to fix you up my world - famous Chicken frito pie . nick that 's very sweet of you and very unnecessary . he try again to get past she . he pat she on the arm as a goodbye , she put she hand on top of he . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 48. shawna you have to keep up you strength . she dig through she handbag , grab a cell . jam she face against he . shawna ( cont 'd ) say : Chicken frito pie ! nick - just want to leave- reflexively grin . click . she show he the photo : the two of they , cheek to cheek , shawna 's gloss lip pouty . without context ( and even with ) , the photo be wildly inappropriate , a little sleazy . nick oh . you know what ? that 's - please delete that would you ? shawna it 's a nice photo . nick it 's just not appropriate . do I the favor , would you ? shawna debate . nick ( cont 'd ) I be ask you nicely : please delete that photo . nick try to lean past she and hit delete . she hold the cell away from him-hey ! — he try to grab it . shawna what be wrong with you ? nick grab she arm . it 's the first time he seem dangerous . nick you can not share that with anyone . shawna I will share it with anyone I like . shawna scramble past he , shoot down the hall to the elevator . shawna ( cont 'd ) asshole . nick rest he head against the wall . breathes . * 75 76 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 49 . nick pull it together , dunne . int . drury lodge - day 75 the room be almost empty . go be wait , eat a donut . go marybeth 's piss . ext . sawyer beach - day 76 a small , disgusting sandbar : overflow trash bin , dirty diaper , a bench cover in obscene graffiti . volunteer be fan along the river , search . a search dog be sniff amy 's dress . nick walk with marybeth . marybeth it 's like you be the goddam homecome King . nick my mom ... it be a big deal to she . that I be polite . courteous . a gentleman . marybeth it look like you be have fun . nick marybeth , I be in a nightmare here . I be just try to be nice to the people who be try to find Amy . marybeth I be sorry , you be right . she tape a flier to a tree . sniff . look down . marybeth ( cont 'd ) God , this place literally smell like fece . you really come here the morning of you anniversary ? nick that 's why I come here . because no one come here . 77 78 79 80 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 50 . int . dunne house - day 77 boney hold a giant coffee and a sheath of credit-card statement . talk to a officer who hold a clipboard . boney find any golf club , real fancy ? officer no , nothing like that . int . bedroom - day 78 boney be peer through Amy 's closet and underwear drawer . she pull out a few undy — - nothing racy . nothing red . boney how big 's they tv ? 65 inch ? officer Nah , nowhere near that . boney ok . kibble ? officer Excuse I ? boney he ask I to feed he cat . the doorbell ring . and ring and ring : insistent . boney speak into she walkie . boney ( cont ’d ) will you please escort Ms. hawthorne and she child behind the police line ? the doorbell ring and ring and then stop . omit - int . dunne house - day 79 omit - ext . nick's neighborhood - later 80 * % ee of 81 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 51 . int . go live room - night 81 go be nursing a beer . on tv : ellen abbott , blow -dry , red-lip , leather - jackete , and in a photo box be nick and he killer smile . ellen look at that pie-eate grin . from a guy whose wife be miss . kinda weird , dontcha think ? Nick bang in . drop he handful of amy flier . go turn off the tv , grab a beer for he . both beer be in hand - crochete cozy . go how be you do ? he give a shrug . go ( cont 'd ) how 's marybeth ? nick she 's freak out . go and you ? he wait she out . go ( cont 'd ) ( gently ) hey . have you tell I everything ? nick of course . go everything . nick why would you even say that ? go ever since you walk into the bar , the morning Amy go miss ... you feel ...off . nick I be off . ( long pause ) ( more ) gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 52 . nick ( cont 'd ) go , everyone be study I , everyone be project they shit onto I . all I want right now be to sit with you and drink a beer and not be judge . can we please just do that ? go of course . they drink in silence . go examine the hand - crochete yarn cozie on she beer . go ( cont ’d ) you know what I keep think ? nick wish Mom be here . go like I be 12 : Mom would fix this . go swallow she beer . Nick clearly do not want to talk . go ( cont 'd ) I be go to go benadryl myself to sleep . Love you . nick Love you . 82 int . somewhere - sometime a missouri souvenir pen cursive across the diary . date : September 23 , 2010 . we see the word as we hear : amy ( v.0 . ) so here 's a strange new sentence : I be a missourian . 83 int . / ext . nick 's car - brownstone - day Nick and Amy pull away , a moving van behind they . the brownstone recede in the rearview mirror , rand and marybeth wave goodbye . amy ( v.0o . ) no money , no job . and then we hear from go. mama Maureen . stage four . breast cancer . so we move to Missouri . I do not mind . I just wish he have ask . the ho 84 85 86 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 53. int . / ext . nick be car - dunne house - day 84 the North carthage house come into view . go and mo wave on the front porch , mo in a chemo hat , hold a welcome mat . nick park , the moving van park behind they . amy ( v.0o . ) Nick be happy to be home , but I do not know if he 's happy I be with he . Nick run to hug go and mo , completely forget amy . int . dunne live room - day 85 Amy stand in the middle of the future scene of the crime as it slowly fill with furniture . amy ( v.o. ) I feel like something he load by mistake . something to be jettison if necessary . something disposable . nick put a arm around she , give she a smile . amy ( v.o. ) I feel like I could disappear . int . go ’'s live room - night 86 nick be asleep on the couch . the tv flicker on a old ' 60 detective show . just inside he bag , he disposable buzze . insert on display : im outside open up . buzz . Nick wake . buzz . read . jump up . fling the front door open . just a quiet , dark street . he run to the back door , fling it OPEN : there be andie , 20 , a cheerful fuckdoll of a girl . amy 's beautiful ; andie 's hot . nick yank she in . nick andie , shit ! andie I see you on tv . it 's so insane . she just vanish ? she wrap herself around one of he arm like a child . nick she 's just go . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 54 . andie I have be so worried about you . nick you be impossible to reach . you gotta pick up when I call you — where the hell have you be ? andie rehearsals . nick ( absolutely baffle ) what ? andie godspell ! Nick can not believe it . he collapse on the couch . andie sit next to he . she cuddle into he . nuzzle he cheek . nick my sister 's asleep . you really should not be here , andie . andie I need to see you . they kiss ; she wrap herself around he . Nick pull away . she kiss he again . he pull away . andie ( cont 'd ) can you at least say you love I ? nick I love you . but , sweetheart , we have to be real careful right now . she pull he toward she . andie I have be so scared . nick between rehearsals . andie you tell I I need to have my own life . she place he arm around she . whisper in he ear . andie ( cont 'd ) I need you . now . touch I . * gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 55 . she kiss he again . soon they be tug at each other 's clothes . she be unbuttone he pants when nick rear away . she try to pull he back . he un -hook she hand from he . nick ioca not . I can not . it 's not smart . andie rehook she arm around he . she 's invade he like ivy . Nick 's not entirely resisting . nick ( cont 'd ) you have not tell anyone about we , have you ? texting , facebook . anything that might be ... andie ( pout ) you buy my present in cash . you talk to I on a disposable phone . now you grill I like I ’ma criminal . I be you girlfriend . nick do you leave a pair of red panty in my office ? lacy ? andie I do not know . maybe. ( teasing ) they better be mine . nick think . andie I do not know . i’1l have to check my red-panty inventory . nick baby , I need you to take this seriously . and this be the last time we can see each other until ... andie be on top of he but now pause in she invasion . andie until when ? nick until it 's safe . andie , she 's my wife . 87 88 89 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 56 . andie you tell I you be go to get a divorce . he grab she by both arm . nick never say that out loud again . she stare at he hand until he remove they . then she take they and place they back on she . she begin move he arm like a puppet , from she waist , up to she breast . she press she cheek against he so she can whisper . andie I do not want to fight . I just want to be with you . that 's all I want . she begin kissing he . then she recline , still hold he hand on she . she pull down the top of she sundress , yank the bottom hem up over she ( red ) panty , arrange herself like a ( soft ) porn star . tug at he pants . andie ( cont 'd ) the last time you will see I . make the most of it . int . somewhere - sometime 87 a pen—for a funeral home , gnarled - cursive across the diary . date : October 2 , 2011 . we see the word as we hear : amy ( v.o ) my husband have come undone . ext . dunne house - day 88 people in black be filing up the sidewalk , woman bear foil - cover casserole ; man bear bottle of liquor . int . dunne dine room - day 89 a crowd in black , murmure , consol . a table pack with funeral food : butter-roll sandwich and bread dip . nick and go be together , greeting mourner ; amy be off by herself . amy ( v.0 . ) we move to Missouri to save Maureen , but it turn out we could not . 90 91 92 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 57 . int . dunne kitchen - night 90 Nick be at a laptop , look at he online bank account . as he hear Amy , he switch the screen to he fantasy baseball . amy ( v.o. ) I use the last of my trust fund to buy he a bar , but so far it 's just cost we more money . int . dunne bedroom - day 91 Nick be on top of Amy , thrust into she from behind , a hand in she hair . mostly dress : she 's in a bathrobe ; he 's dress for work . amy ( v.o. ) Nick use I for sex when he want . Nick pull off she , kiss she cheek . amy ( v.o. ) otherwise , I do not exist . int . dunne bedroom ~ night 92 nick be primp in front of the mirror . amy ( v.o. ) last night , I go from desperate to pathetic . I become someone I do not even like . the kind of woman I use to mock . amy you be out so much . stay with I . nick I be already late , aim . amy well , then can I come ? nick it 's just a bunch of dumb high - school buddy . he kiss she on the cheek . amy get in front of the door . amy ( thumb to she chin ) do we code : no bullshit . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 58. nick Babe , I think we be not go to be that people . he try to get around she ; she block he again . sigh . he do the code , brusquely , as he try to get past she . amy hey , I be think . something positive . maybe it 's time ... nick now be the worst time . amy it would be a new start . for we . for I . I have have a real purpose here . he grab she by the arm , move she . nick a child be not a hobby , Amy . he head downstairs , Amy trail . a93 int . stairway —- night : a93 amy not a hobby . a inspiration . 93 int . foyer - night 93 Amy block he exit out the front door . a dark moment . nick we could have have this fight four hour ago . amy I do not know it be go to be a fight . nick you really want to be the couple who have kid to save we marriage ? amy save ? nick reignite , . jump -start , whatever work for you . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 amy you say save . he go to leave . she put a hand on the door . amy ( cont ’d ) you be really just go to walk out now ? you be such a coward . he grab she , hard , push she from the door . nick bye . amy we can not go on like this . I will not . nick what , this be not good enough for miss amazing ? amy ( block door again ) it 's not even close to good enough . 59 . SNAP . nick shake she , shove she . she fall and hit she head - hard — on the newel post . he stand over she , fist clinch ... until he take a breath . nick shit . I be sorry . I be so sorry . he sit beside she , hold she in he arm . amy ( v.o . ) what scared I be not that he push I . what scared I be how much he want to hurt I more . what scared I be that I would finally realize : I be frighten of my own husband . 94 int . boney 's car - mall parking lot - night boney and gilpin in the vast , empty mall parking lot . gilpin you sure we do not need backup ? boney I will protect you . 95 96 97 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 60 . ext . mall - night 95 they walk the mall exterior . a suburbanite burst out a far door , beeline to a minivan , tucking stash into he jort . int . mall - night 96 frozen escalator , dry fountain . the skylight be crack . as boney and gilpin move toward the giant Dillard 's at the end , human being hide , scuttle . we hear a baby cry . gilpin someone should burn this place . a raccoon run across the hall . they train flashlight on it . gilpin ( cont 'd ) you really think this be anything ? boney Cross it off the list . they flashlight pick up outline of body asleep outside of close clothing chain . boney ( cont 'd ) Nick dunne play Little League with my kid brother . gilpin yeah ? boney he be nice to he . not many kid be nice to my brother . int . pharmacy - night 97 it 's incredibly tidy , light by camp lantern . people drugge or passed out everywhere . under a sign mark home good , two teens in polo shirt be tweak hard , push each other back and forth robotically , recite the gettysburg address . teen one now we be engage in a great civil war a group of dealer , 30 and 40s , be recline on sleep bag like Boy scout , read paperback by flashlight . they rise to meet boney and gilpin . they be lean , harden , but dress in cast - off clothes from they former life : gamma phi dad 's weekend 2011 , greenfair golf Club , mizzou Tigers . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 61 . jason , the leader , wear a short - sleeve button down . he approach with a tough face ... smile when he see boney . jason what 's up , Rhonda ? teen two testing whether that nation , or any nation so conceive and so dedicated - boney ( greeting everyone ) hi Jason . Kyle . how ya do , Chad ? teen two - can long endure . ek they nod greeting . boney pull out a photo of amy . boney you see this girl around here ? jason squint . look closer . put on a pair of glass , he eye turn to giant quarter . teen two we be meet on a great battle - field of that war . jason why you ask ? teen two we cannot dedicate , we cannot consecrate - boney this woman be report miss . teen one '' - we cannot hallow this ground ... " jason oh , damn . yeah , I remember she . teen two the brave man , live and dead , who struggle here , have consecrate it - boney drug ? pill ? what ? cheap magno - * * 98 99 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 62. teen one - far above we poor power to add or detract . jason she want a gun . I tell she that 's not my thing . I feel bad though . she seem sweet . and real scared . Said it need to be small so she could keep it close . teen one ( from the beginning ! ) four score and seven year ago we father - boney you sure this be she ? jason you do not forget a girl like that in here . she be all pink . it be Valentine 's Day . omit — int . dunne kitchen - night 98 int . go be live room —- morning 99 nick jerk awake , discover andie still next to he asleep . they be both in total disarray . nick ( shaking she ) you gotta go , you gotta go now ! he be dressing she as he hustle she to she foot ... andie promise I we will talk every day from now on . no matter what . ... toward the back door . hurry , hurry , hurry . andie ( cont 'd ) every day , Nick . or I will go crazy . nick I will call you . every day . hurry . she give he a kiss that be more meaningful for she ( " farewell , my love '' ) than he ( " get out '' ) . she leave . he shut the door , lean back ... to see go in the kitchen . * eo oe gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 63. go you fuck idiot . title card : JULY 8 , 2012 three day gone go ( cont 'd ) you fuck asshole . you liar . you fuck lie to my fuck face . nick go. I be sorry , I - go how old be she ? nick twenty . go how long ? pause . nick a year . Little over . go you have be lie to I for over a year . nick if I tell you , you would convince I to stop . and I do not want to stop . go God , it 's so fuck small . you be a liar and a cheat . just like dad . Nick flinch . go see the punch land and deflate a bit , sit down at the kitchen table . go ( cont ’d ) how have you even meet she ? nick she be one of my student . go I think writer hate clich . nick I be not a writer anymore . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 go oh , wah , boohoo , I get laid off , I guess I will fuck a 20 - year-old . nick it be not like that . go give a look : explain . nick ( cont 'd ) I can not tell you how bad it be . how shitty and small she make I feel all the time . flyover Boy . I come home every day , and my stomach would hurt , because I know she have be there ... dissatisfied . and then every morning , first row , andie . just ... make I happy . go Amy once make you happy . nick Amy make I better . she make I work — to be clever and thoughtful and culture . andie let I be . go this be so bad . if the cop find out - nick it 's worse . boney find a pair of panty in my office . where andie and I sometimes ... I can not figure out what the fuck they mean . go be they supertwat 's ? nick andie . she be not sure . go so we be deal with a 20 - year - old who be not sure where she leave she undy . nick she 's a free - go free spirit be code for stupid . 64 . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 65 . nick if they be not andie 's , then Amy leave they there for I to find . a message . go rekindle the romance - nick or : fuck you . Nick still be not snap to . go Nick ? I be scared for you before . now ... I be fuck petrify . we be have a vigil tonight for you miss wife and this morning you be kissing you college girlfriend goodbye . can you imagine - have you watch tv lately ? she turn on the tv , begin flipping through the dvr . she have a pile of ellen abbott live episode in she queue . go ( cont 'd ) ellen abbott be all over you shit . on tv : ellen abbott , blow -dry , angry , be host . ellen I mean , what be wrong with this barkeep . his wife be miss and here 's Nick dunne for you . flirt . on tv : shawna Kelly photo : Nick and shawna cheek to cheek . it look more lurid without context . go who the hell be that ? Nick stare : fuck ! go ( cont ’d ) who the fuck be that ? go be almost as livid as ellen . nick some tragedy groupie . of gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 66 . ellen cute pic , huh ? you know , most man if they wife be miss , they * look for they . on the show today , * we have defense attorney tanner * bolt , patron saint to wife killer everywhere . tanner bolt , would you actually consider defend Nick dunne ? nick oh , god , please . * tanner bolt , 40s : a potent mix of gravitas and showmanship . tanner thank you , ellen , as always , for such a warm welcome . and of course I would defend Nick dunne . look , just because the guy be not weep , do not mean he 's not hurt . ellen tanner ! the hallmark of a sociopath be lack of empathy . tanner the fact be , you have have to be a sociopath to behave normally in * this situation . because it 's the most abnormal situation in the world . ellen Excuse I , excuse I , excuse I , tanner . be you try to tell I that this photo be remotely in the realm of acceptable behavior ? tanner you be make a awfully big deal about one snapshot - ellen a picture be worth a thousand word , tanner bolt . ever hear that * phrase ? * tanner innocent until prove guilty , * ellen . Heard that one ? * nick hit pause , just as ellen open she giant , spew maw . 100 101 102 103 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 67 . nick I be so sick of be pick apart by woman . go you need to hire tanner bolt . nick I do not deserve that . go oh that 's exactly what you deserve . go home , Nick . int . family room - day 100 nick enter . the crime scene be still very much in evidence . Nick rights a few thing . bleecker trot behind he . int . kitchen — day 101 nick walk into kitchen , past the now removed baseboard where the blood be . he sift through the freezer . ignore container with Amy 's handwrite : eat you veggie ! he grab the ice cream . eat a spoonful as he look out the window and see : cop be bag Nick 's trash . a cop wave to Nick . Nick wave back . int . somewhere —- sometime 102 a pen—blood red ink-cursive across the diary . the date : February 14 , 2012 . we see the word as we hear : amy for Valentine 's Day , I think I would buy a gun . that 's how crazy I have become . int . dunne bathroom - day 103 amy be soaking in the tub when she open she eye to see Nick : stand in the doorway . he turn heel . amy ( v.o. ) Nick want I go but he will not ask for a divorce . in he mind , I be the owner of he bar , he only line of credit , the girl with the pre-nup . 104 105 106 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 68. int . dunne bedroom - night 104 Amy wake up , turn to find Nick watch she . amy ( v.0o . ) I could go home to my parent but I would have to tell they the truth . and I do not even know if I believe the truth . int . dunne guest room - night 105 Amy untuck the bed , remove the pillow , get in . amy ( v.0o . ) can I really think Nick would hurt I ? I be be paranoid . crazy . she sit in bed and watch the door . amy I have just sleep better with a gun . int . police station - night 106 boney be meeting with gilpin and donnelly . tv be mute on the ellen abbott - Nick dunne show , with the shawna photo . gilpin I cannot believe we have not arrest this guy . boney we be not go to arrest anybody just ' cause ellen abbott say so . gilpin why be you so easy on he ? you get a crush ? boney one : I be conduct a investigation , not a witch hunt . two : do not talk to I that way . gilpin she be try to buy a gun ! boney we do not know who or what be scare she . give I the update . gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 69 . gilpin ( sulky ) no drug angle have pan out . Cross that off the list . I talk to the nurse who care for Nick 's dad . guy 's a bastard but he 's weak as a kitten . Cross that off the list . donnelly start a video : it 's nick 's kitchen , in dark . slowly , the area begin glow like a neon Jackson pollock : Wild spray of blood all over the wall . donnelly the Luminol light up the kitchen like the fourth of July . the blood be profuse and it be Amy 's type . B. we will have DNA soon . boney thought on a weapon ? donnelly ( point on he photo ) the trajectory indicate blunt force . probably not a baseball bat . a club , a 2 by 4 . the video pan to the floor : we can see a handprint that be smear along the floor , as if the owner be be drag . donnelly ( cont 'd ) she fall here . I doubt she get back up . boney Amy 's medical record ? gilpin any second . on the tv come a wedding portrait of nick and amy . gilpin ( cont ’d ) my wife say he kill she . boney well , if Tiffany say . 107 ext . the bar - night 107 Nick exit the bar , and walk across the street , up the long step , toward the vigil for amy . 108 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 70 . ext . town park — night 108 the park glow under camera light . journalist practice live shot . the local newsvan be join by a half dozen regional - Arkansas , Tennessee , Illinois — and a few cable . nick be besiege by reporter all the way to the platform . rand and marybeth give he cool , for-the-camera hug . boney be scan the crowd , gilpin with she . hundred of candle . go enter . get a candle . she and Nick catch each other 's eye . nick give a huge , relieved smile . she return it , at a slightly lower volume . nick be ushere to the mike . nick my wife , Amy Elliott dunne , have be miss now for three day . I beg anyone who have any information to help we . amy stare at nick from a 100 find amy t-shirt . nick ( cont 'd ) I want to thank you all for give I the opportunity to speak with you tonight in my hometown . let I first say this : I have nothing to do with the disappearance of my wife . I be cooperate fully with the police . I have never hire a lawyer . I have nothing to hide . some so - call journalist - especially a certain Southern belle who shall remain nameless — have take up a lot of tv hour talk about I . tonight ? I think it 's time we talk about my wife . a scan of the crowd , dip in on conversation : friend one he 's hot . friend two he 's creepy . nick ( 0.8 . ) Amy be my soul mate . she be sweet , charming and wise . I love you , Amy ... scan the crowd , nick suddenly meet eye with andie , as : gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 71 . andie ( mouth ) asshole} ! nick I love my wife . I may not always perform for the camera . I may be punish for that . that 's fine . but I ask the media : harass I , but do not harass the people of this town . a few clap . noelle hawthorne , visibly pregnant , angry , begin cut through the candle - lit crowd , towing triplet . noelle Nick ! nick , mock I , but please do not make a circus of this investigation . noelle be move quickly . a lot of clapping . noelle , furious , stop try to reach the stage and just dig in and holler . noelle where 's you wife , Nick !? nick let the police do they job . noelle what do you do to you pregnant wife ?! the camera and crowd be off nick and on to noelle . nick let 's find ... noelle do you tell they that , Nick ? do you tell they Amy be six week pregnant ! pregnant pregnant pregnant echoe across the park . nick be trap in the flash of a hundred bulb . journalist begin scream : nick , be amy pregnant ? nick be this true ? go stand stunne , melting wax drip from she candle . andie run away in tear . pandemonium . total chaos . boney and gilpin usher nick into a squad car , fend off the push of the media . boney signal the driver : go , go , go ! 109 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 72. int . dunne live room - night 109 the curtain glow with the ray of the tv light outside . we hear boney 's name be call by the reporter . boney ( 0.s. ) stay behind the line , please . do not cross this line . nick open the door pre-doorbell : usher in boney and gilpin . the journos go wild . door shut . boney ( cont 'd ) do you know you wife be pregnant ? nick noelle hawthorne be crazy ! she do not even know Amy ! boney usher he to the table . boney spray a dozen photo across it : amy and noelle . all season — almost a year 's worth . boney they look like pretty good friend to I . Nick examine the photo : a beaming , cheerful amy . nick ( still stare at photo ) she 's not pregnant . boney we have she medical record come ... so let 's talk . while we wait . we will start with ... here ... scene of the crime . see , we have see dozen of home invasion - gilpin dozen and dozen and dozen . boney this area ? look wrong . from the second we see it . the whole thing look stage . I mean , watch this . she stand , point at three slender antique frame on the mantelpiece . she stomp ; they all immediately fall face down . * gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 boney ( cont 'd ) yet they remain upright throughout a life and death struggle ? nick what do you want I to say ... gilpin you do any housekeep the day you wife go miss ? nick no . boney ok , because we guy do a Luminol test , and I be sorry to tell you , the kitchen light up . Amy lose a lot of blood there . a lot . nick oh my god . boney and then someone mop it up . nick wait . if someone be staging a crime scene , why mop up blood ? boney ( too patiently ) no blood and no body suggest kidnap - which tell we to look at people outside the house . gilpin like the homeless you keep mention . boney a pool of blood and no body suggest homicide . which tell we to look at people inside the house . which be what we be do here . a beat . nick try to keep he cool . boney ( cont 'd ) so. how be you marriage , Nick ? right now , all we get be noelle . 73 . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 74 . gilpin and she say : not good . boney gil , what do you and you wife argue about ? what piss you off ? gilpin money . lack thereof . boney I and my ex , same . I mention it * because we have have a look at you * finances , Nick . phew ! she scatter a dozen credit card bill across the table : all with nick 's name , all mark late . pay now . boney ( cont 'd ) one hundred and seventeen thousand dollar in credit-card debt in the * past year alone . * nick let I see that ! Nick scan the bill . boney we pull up some of the merchandise . fun little splurge . she set out print-out of online purchase page : the tv , golf club boney be ask about in inventory . also a robot dog , and a fender electric guitar . nick Jesus ! this be identity theft or something ! this card be not mine . I mean : I do not even golf ! boney I do . you buy some great club . gilpin I like the robot dog . * boney let 's talk about life insurance . nick wait , we need to look into this - a110 110 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 75 . boney in April , you bump up Amy 's life insurance to $ 1.2 million . nick that be Amy 's idea ! boney you file the paperwork . nick for she ! Jesus ! boney 's cell phone ring . she pick up . they all wait . boney ok . ok . for sure ? ok . ( hang up ) pregnant . nick wail , grab he highball glass , throw it at the wall . boney ( cont 'd ) so my question become - nick I think I need a lawyer . gilpin can not help but smirk at boney . ext . dunne house - later a110 go fight she way through the bramble of media-every crew from the vigil and more try to get a react , provoking : go , be you brother a killer ? she finally make it through , flip off a nasty cameraman ( this footage will come to haunt she ) . int . nick 's bedroom - night 110 Nick be on the phone , go follow he voice into he room . nick ( 0.s. ) rand ... no. Nick register go with a nod . nick ( cont 'd ) I have no idea she be pregnant . I be shocked ... look , the fact of the matter be Amy do not want kid . I be as surprised as you be - * of gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 76 . Nick stare at phone : rand hang up . go you tell I you do not want kid . nick I be try to put a good face on . go * you tell I , many time , you do not want kid . then suddenly you have a pregnant wife . that 's a problem for you . especially when you add in huge debt and secret girlfriend . nick stop watch ellen abbott . go you have to fuck talk to I ! nick 's disposable ring . and ring and ring . then silence . nick look , Amy do not want I to tell you - — just another reason for you to * dislike she . so it be easier to - * go lie to I . right. nick I want kid . we have be try . no * luck . when we move back here , way * back when , we even go to a fertility clinic . * go it do not work ? nick she do not even try ! I do my part - go masturbate . nick - and when it come time for * she ... oh , she 's decide no . not interested after all . no thanks . * go I just do not believe you , anymore . gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 77 . he disappear into the closet . returns with a shoe box . pull out sheet mark notice of disposal . nick a year later , I get this . nick ( cont ’d ) the clinic be go to toss out my ... deposit , if we do not contact they . I give she the letter . next day I see it in the trash . go you be with andie by then , right ? nick I want a baby with Amy ! Amy . a year ago , Amy be pregnant , that would have be the best news ever . he kick the shoebox across the room . the papers from the shoebox scatter across the floor . go pick up a blue note . go ( recite ) '' when you poor Amy have a cold , this dessert just must be - '' this be the clue you could not solve , right ? he shrug . she pull out a letter on posh stationery . go ( cont 'd ) a letter from desi ? that creepy boyfriend of Amy 's ? nick the ador rich guy who have still do anything for she . it 's fuck wrong . she hold up another document . go you prenup ? she set the box down , back away . go ( cont ’d ) Nick , why have you keep this stuff ? it 's like a little box of hate . nick I do , go. I hate she . gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 78 . go I love you . no matter what . but you need to tell I . nick what be you ask , go ? she exit , head down the step . nick ( cont 'd ) ( call after she ) be you actually ask I if I murder my wife , go ? go ( dissolve ) I would never ask you that . she leave ; we hear she name erupt from media outside . 111 ext . bill dunne 's house - establishing - night 111 112 int . bill dunne 's house - kitchen - night 112 boney head to basement door , gilpin trail , annoyed . boney why be he here that night ? his wife be miss - why come here ? gilpin who care , Rhonda ? we get this . let 's make the arrest . boney you know how hard it be to make a murder case without a body ? it 's incredibly difficult . so I want one last thing ... gilpin what 's that ? 113 int . bill dunne 's house - basement - night 113 they reach the basement . dirt floor . giant whoosh furnace . boney I want a body . * 114 115 116 117 118 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 79 . ext . dunne house - establishing - night 114 the final tv van begin pull away . int . dunne live room - night 115 Nick stare at the final clue . he write key word — girl , bad , punished , goodies , five , OPEN the door as we hear Amy . amy ( v.o. ) picture I : I be a girl who be very bad / I need to be punish and by punish I mean have / it 's where you keep goody for anniversary five so open the door — and look alive . int . somewhere - sometime 116 a pen — obgyn with a stork -cursive across the diary . July 5 , 2012 . we see the word as we hear : amy ( v.o. ) I be not go to be scared anymore . int . dunne kitchen - day 117 she be look through cabinet , find a jar mark with she write : eat you bean ! she pull out a lentil . amy ( v.o . ) I think we marriage be dead and then - the most wonderful thing . we baby be six week in my belly today . the size of a lentil . ( tuck lentil in pocket ) so for the baby 's sake , I be go to be positive from now on . sane . happy . int . amy office - day 118 we finally pull up and see amy . holding the stork pen . amy ( v.o. ) I will practice believe my husband love I and will love this baby . that this child really might save we marriage . 119 120 121 122 123 124 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 80 . she look out the window and see nick as we first see he , stand in the yard , watch the sunrise . he turn and head toward the house with that purposeful stride . amy ( v.0 . ) but I could be wrong . int . nick's live room - night 119 nick be frantically scribbling . Copying word from the note : Wood . oak , maple . cradle ? where store wood ? punish ? he rise . his face be twisted . amy ( v.o. ) because sometimes , the way he look at I ? int . bill dunne 's house - basement - night 120 boney , on she hand and knee , look up and see the flame of the furnace light , the door ajar . amy ( v.o. ) I think : man of my dream - ext . dunne house - night 121 nick hustle to the treeline , begin running . amy ( v.0 . ) - father of my child : int . somewhere - sometime 122 we see Amy close the diary , see the cover finally . amy ( v.0o . ) this man of mine may kill I . int . bill dunne 's house - basement - night 123 boney frown into the furnace . she pull out the diary . ext . go 's house - night 124 nick run behind the house , toward a decrepit old woodshed . door open onto nick 's face . 125 126 127 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 81 . amy ( v.o. ) he may truly kill I . a sick realization dawns on nick . oh man oh god oh man oh god oh man oh god oh man black screen amy ( v.o. ) I be so much happier now that I be dead . fade in to : int . amy festiva - day 125 amy be breeze down the highway , picture of freedom , hair flow in the wind . on the seat next to she , all the pens from she diary entry wobble . Amy grab the pen from the first diary entry — pink , feathered , silly — and snap it in two . amy ( v.o . ) technically , miss . soon to be presume dead . ext . highway - day 126 the festiva zip past a sign : leaving NORTH carthage : ya all come back now ! the break pink pen hit it like gunshot . amy go . title card : JULY 5 , 2012 11:17 a.m. the morning of int . amy festiva - day 127 Amy 's forearm be bandage like a blood donor 's . amy I be go and my lazy , lie , cheating , oblivious husband will go to prison for my murder . a closeup of a to do list ; fuck nick dunne . next to each item be a checkbox . we scan down to item 133 : get rid of pens . Amy look into she rearview as North carthage fade away . ee of gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 sla . amy ( v.0 . ) Nick dunne take my pride and my dignity and my hope and my money . Amy grab the amazing amy wedding pen and snap it . 128 a129 129 130 131 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 82. he take and take from I until I no * longer exist . that 's murder . let * the punishment fit the crime . * a scroll down Amy 's to - do list , which be age : wrinkle , coffee splotches , a single drop of blood . it be in three column , 154 item long , in chronological order . on July , 5 , 2012 , in the large block letter it read : kill amy . int . dunne live room - day 128 Amy surround by true-crime book , watch ellen abbott . amy ( v.o . ) to fake a convincing murder you have to have discipline . ext . forest glen - day a129 * * amy be talk to a outrage , attentive noelle as they walk . amy ( v.o . ) * you befriend a idiot and cram she * with storey about you husband 's * temper . * int . dunne bedroom —- night 129 we see Amy on she laptop , a scatter of credit card — all in Nick 's name nearby . on the website of a upscale gadget store : robot dog be feature . she click : add to cart . amy ( v.o. ) you create some money trouble . int . dunne live room - day 130 Nick 's watch tv ; Amy have he sign papers . he barely look . amy ( v.0o . ) you bump up you life insurance . ext . riverwalk - day 131 * Amy be join a visibly pregnant noelle on a powerwaddle . * they run into another pregnant woman ; noelle and the woman compare belly . 132 133 134 135 136 137 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 83. amy ( v.o. ) and then you realize the piece de resistance you story be miss . * a third woman smile approvingly as she pass . Amy be assess the situation with she expert eye . amy America love pregnant woman . as if * it 's so hard to spread you leg . * you know what be hard ? faking a pregnancy . int . amy office - day 132 Amy be follow the step on youtube : how to drain a toilet . amy ( v.o. ) first drain you toilet . omit —- ext . dunne house ~- day 133 * omit - int . dunne live room - day 134 * int . dunne live room - day 135 * a pitcher of lemonade with two large glass sit on the * table . noelle , embarrassed , be peer out of bathroom . * amy * invite pregnant idiot for lemonade . * int . dunne downstair bathroom - night 136 * Amy , hand in dish glove , dip a ladle into the toilet . * amy ( v.o. ) steal pregnant idiot 's urine . int . doc office bathroom - day 137 Amy pour urine from the jar into specimen cup . amy ( v.0o . ) voila . a pregnancy be now part of you legal medical record . she look in the mirror and practice receive the good news . then she steal a handful of needle catheter . 138 139 140 141 142 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 84. ext . parking lot - night 138 amy swap cash - for-key with a couple , the wife hold a baby . amy ( v.0 . ) buy getaway car . * omit - int . dunne bedroom - night 139 * int . dunne live room - day 140 Amy watch Nick drive away . as soon as he hit the corner , she start staging she murder scene : toss table , upturn the ottoman . throw herself around violently . amy ( v.o. ) stage crime scene . * she examine the room 's disarray . good . as she leave , she notice the picture frame face down and rights they . int . kitchen — day 141 amy sit on the floor with a steal medical needle in she * vein . her blood be pooling steadily onto the floor . * amy ( v.o. ) you need to bleed . she consult she forensics for dummy : blood spatter . she * dip finger into she pool blood , fling she hand toward the baseboard . exact match from the book . she do it again . + % she begin fingerpaint the floor with she blood . she remove the needle and tape she wound . she mop the blood on the floor with the paper towel . wipe the blood from the * baseboard except the speck boney see . Ziploc the towel . * amy ( v.o . ) you need to clean . int . dunne bedroom - night 142 Amy be write in she diary . Shots of she in different clothes , different season , with all that pens we recognize — but always at she desk in the North carthage house . amy ( v.o. ) you need a diary ! minimum two * hundred and seventy two entry on the Nick and Amy story . ( more ) 143 144 145 146 147 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 amy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) start with the fairytale early day — that be true and that be crucial . you want Nick and Amy to be likable . after that , you invent : the spend , the abuse , the fear , the pregnancy , the murder . and Nick think he be the writer . int . bill dunne 's basement - night Amy be delicately staging the diary inside the furnace . amy ( v.0 . ) burn it just the right amount . int . bill dunne 's kitchen - night Amy change the code on the alarm , smile . amy ( v.0 . ) make sure the cop will find it . ext . go woodshed - dusk Amy smile into the woodsh . amy ( v.o . ) finally , honor tradition with a very special treasure hunt . int . festiva — day Amy drive along the river , watch it . amy ( v.o. ) the world will hate Nick for kill he beautiful , pregnant wife . and when I be ready , I will go out on the ocean with a handful of pill and a couple of stone . if they find my body , they 's 1l know - int . water - day 143 144 145 146 147 splash . Amy 's body cut through the water foot - first . she 's bound but already the bind be unravel . one arm come loose and it trail along lazily behind she as if she 's wave goodbye . her hair flow behind she , she dress swirl around she waist like it 's make of watercolor . 148 149 150 151 152 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 86. amy ( v.o . ) - that Nick dumped he beloved like garbage , and she float down past all the other abuse , unwanted , inconvenient woman . Amy 's body float , ghostly , past several other female body in vary state of decay . snail be barnacle to she leg , fish dart in and out of she hair like it 's seaweed . amy ( v.o. ) then Nick will die too . omit - ext . woodshed - night 148 omit - ext . woodshed - night 149 omit - int . go kitchen - night 150 ext . gas station - establishing - day 151 the festiva be park in a empty lot . int . gas station bathroom - day 152 amy look at herself in the warpe gas-station mirror . amy ( v.o . ) Nick and Amy will be go . but we never really exist . title card : JULY , 5 , 2012 1:17 pm two hour gone from she plastic bag , she remove scissor and begin angrily saw off she hair . amy ( v.o. ) Nick love a girl I be pretend to be . cool girl . Men always use that as the define compliment , do not they ? she 's a cool girl . she unpack hair dye , don the dye glove , squirt . ee ee ok oo * 153 154 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 87 . amy ( v.o. ) cool girl be fun . cool girl be game . cool girl be hot . Dye pack on she head , Amy deposit the long blonde hair cutting into a Ziploc mark amy hair . she eat a candy bar . amy ( v.o. ) cool girl never get angry at she man . she shed she tight jeans , size 2 , and she spanx , refasten she moneybelt and put on a sundress , size 8 , she extra flesh fill it easily . she shampoos she hair , rinse , brushes . amy ( v.o. ) she only smile in a chagrine , loving manner and then present she mouth for fuck . go ahead ! cum on I ! I do not mind , I be cool girl . int . festiva - afternoon 153 Amy drive past a caravan of twentysomethings : different girl peer out at she , dismissive . one girl be flowy - haire , boho , a second be rockbilly cute , a third be shopgirl hot . title card : JULY 5 , 2012 4:17 pm five hour gone amy ( v.0o . ) the window dress vary . the personality 's the same . cool girl like what he like and put he first and do it all with a fuck smile . ext . festiva - late afternoon 154 driving south . the tree get lush . amy ( v.o. ) I wait year for the pendulum to swing the other way , for man to read Jane austen and make out with each other while we leer . and then we would say , yeah , he 's a cool guy . the Missouri souvenir pen hit another sign : Lake of the ozark 89 mile . Amy eat chili frito , drink a pop . ee hof * + of ee HH hhh * ee a oe 155 156 157 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 88. amy ( v.0 . ) I will admit : for someone who like to win , it 's tempting to be the girl every guy want . the forest surrender to a glow Walmart . Amy pull in . title card : JULY 5 , 2012 , 6:17 pm seven hour gone amy ( v.0 . ) when I meet Nick I know he want cool girl . for he , I be willing to try . I wax - stripped my pussy raw and blow he regularly . I drank bourbon and banter . I laugh at my mistake . I make fun of myself . I be game . int . walmart — late afternoon 155 Amy examine sheet ; grudgingly add 300 count to she cart , along with toiletry , swimsuit , clean item , tampon . amy ( v.o. ) Nick tease thing out in I I do not know exist : a lightness , a humor , a ease . and I make he smarter , sharper . I inspire he to rise to my level . I forge the man of my dream . int . festiva - late afternoon 156 driving farther — a sign for Lake of the ozark , 10 mile . the road get smaller and smaller , till we hit gravel . amy ( v.o. ) we be happy pretend to be other people . we be the happiest couple we know . ext . hideaway cabin - sunset 157 amy pull in . + Fe eh ee ee eh HH * ee * + of 158 159 160 161 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 89 . int . hideaway lobby - sunset 158 from she moneybelt , amy pull $ 200 cash , receive she key . amy ( v.o. ) but Nick get lazy . he become someone I do not agree to marry . ext . cabin - dusk 159 she grab she bag and head inside , barely notice : greta , 20 , smoking . greta notice amy - or at least all she STUFF . amy ( v.0o . ) and he actually expect I to love he unconditionally . int . cabin - night 160 it 's a one - room studio . not shabby - chic but shabby-kitsch . title card : JULY 5 , 2012 9:17 pm ten hour gone amy ( v.o. ) then he drag I , penniless , to the navel of the country and find himself a new , young , easier cool girl . she test faucet , open and close blind , set down shelf paper , strip the bedclothes and put on she new sheet . amy ( v.o. ) you think I would let he destroy I and end up happier than ever ? no. never . he do not get to fuck win . int . cabin bathroom - night 161 she enter the bathroom . stare at she reflection . she be sunburnt from the day . transformed . amy ( v.o. ) he need to learn . grown-up work for thing . grown-up pay . grown - up suffer consequence . he HH HH ohhh of +e oo al62 b162 162 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 90 . she look under the sink : a tool box . she take out a hammer , size up she cheek , hit herself , once , twice . ext . woodshed - night a162 nick finally stand ; stride to go 's back door . she open . nick I need to show you something . ext . woodshed - night b162 Inside sit : the golf club , the robot dog , the tVpeveryth on '' Nick 's '' credit card . go take a shocked step back . go be that all the stuff from the credit card ? nick go. go ! Amy 's last clue : '' where you store goody for anniversary five . '' Wood . go woodshed . nick you woodsh . go that fuck bitch . ( pause ) where 's you gift ? int . go kitchen - night 162 nick set a giant box with a blue envelope on the table . go open the envelope . big heart on it with the word the end . go dear husband , I know you think you be move through this world unseen . do not believe that for a second . nick gingerly open the box . Inside be two giant wooden puppet : a male in motley , hold a club , and a female . gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 91 . go ( cont ’d ) I know where you have be - and I know where you be go . attach to the female puppet be a baby . go ( cont ’d ) for this anniversary , I have arrange a trip : follow the river , up up up ! so sit back and relax . nick drop into a chair . go ( cont 'd ) because you be do . ( pause ) what 's up -upriver ? nick up the river : prison . go Fucking crazy bitch . nick she 's frame I for she murder . go you be marry to a psychopath . nick begin examine the male puppet : under the motley be a thick , clublike handle . nick the morning of we anniversary , I be go to ask she for a divorce . I just could not fake my way through another year . not another day . go what happen ? nick before I could say a word , she tell I to go somewhere and '' really think '' about we marriage . she know I would go to sawyer . he pick up the female puppet — she 's miss she handle . go so you would have no alibi . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 92. nick ( take it in ) she stage manage I ! I really do go and think about we marriage and I be really sure I want a divorce . go but by the time you get home - nick she be go . and god help I , the darkest , worst part of I be relieved . my problem be solve . go you problem be just beginning . he look at the club punch be hold . nick they be punch and Judy ! that old puppet show ? go grab she laptop , plug in word . go violent , right ? on screen : a woodcutte of punch beat judy to death . go ( cont ’d ) ( read ) punch kill they baby . and then beat Judy to death . nick Amy get pregnant , I get angry , kill she and the baby . go what 's the punchline ? nick do Missouri have the death penalty ? hhh ff fh HH HH + % 163 164 gg - pink revise 9/15/13 93. int . ozark cabin - morning 163 closeup of a pen : Bob 's baitshop . Amy , in she nightgown , be create a calendar . question and hopeful timeline on different date : July 14th : woodshed found ? if not , call tipline . on July 26th : police know andie !?!? if not , call tipline . on July 28 ? diary found ? if not , call tipline . she flip the page : august 5 : nick arrested ? flip the page september 5 : in bright red ink , write : kill self ? flip the page october 5 : in bright red ink : kill self ? november 5 : in bright red ink : kill self ? she take down a poster of a kitten hang from a tree : hang in there ! toss the poster , hang she calendar . title card : July 6 , 2012 one day gone ext . cabin - day 164 amy exit in a new , halting gait : brave but damage . swimsuit under short . greta be sit outside , as always , smoking . greta look up . greta hey , neighbor ! amy smile a hello . her bruise be come in nicely . greta ( cont ’d ) God , it 's be week since I have have anyone decent next door . amy I do not know how decent I feel . greta Long as you do not own a python and blast death metal at 4 be , we be gonna be best friend . she offer a cigarette and Amy decline . start walk away . greta follow , like a coyote on the scent . greta ( cont 'd ) I be greta . al65 165 166 gg - pink revise 9/15/13 94 . amy Nancy . greta go to the marina ? I could use some milk . amy sorry , I gotta ... take care of some work . ext . pool — day a165 Amy float blissfully alone in the swim pool , a pack of chip rest on she belly . int . lobby business CENTER - day 165 one lone old computer whir laboriously in the corner : Amy wait for the Internet connection to pull up the ellen abbott site : we see Nick get he photo take at the press conference . nick look annoyed ... title card : JULY 7 , 2012 two day gone amy come on , baby , let 's see it . let 's see that darling nicky smile . then Nick flash he grin . Amy let out a thrilled squeal . amy ( cont ’d ) asshole . then to : findamazingamy.com . amy 's photo next to cartoon amazing amy , wear a find amy T-shirt , with Amy 's photo . she snap off the computer . ext . pool — afternoon 166 Amy , one - piece , be float alone in the pool , a family - size kit - kat on she belly . greta ( 0.s. ) hey , girl ! * gg - pink revise 9/15/13 94a. Amy do not even look up . title card : JULY 8 , 2012 three day gone greta ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Nancy ! ( pause ) Nancy ! Amy look up to see greta , bikini-y , arrive . she 's trap . greta wave . greta get in and float over , she pack of cig balanced on she tiny belly . greta ( cont 'd ) hot day . Amy murmur a yes . greta study she . Amy turn away . greta ( cont ’d ) so where be you from ? lemme guess . ( she assess ) nebraska . knife through heart ! amy New Orleans . + % ee ee gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 95 . greta frown at this . jeff , 30 , rangy but cute , walk past , wave hello . greta wave back , flirty . jeff I be a expert oiler ! greta I just bet you be ! jeff hate for you to get tan line . greta so sweet ! she watch he trail off . and then back to Amy . greta ( cont 'd ) ( motion to Amy 's bruise ) see we have the same taste in man . amy ran into a door . greta come on , least you can do be not keep he secret for he . Amy say nothing . greta give she a cigarette . greta ( cont 'd ) lemme guess : he be try to watch the game and you be yapping about you day and you just do not know when to shut up - no you do not seem like much a talker ... you two be out dance and ...no , can not picture you flirt around ... she try again . greta ( cont 'd ) oh , I get it . caught you boy with some hot little skank . you make a stink and he apologize by busting you one . I know this story . amy and worse . greta worse ?! ee a * * 168 169 170 gg - pink revise 9/15/13 96 . ext . the bar -— night 167 we see Amy walk across the bar parking lot as the bar go dark and nick and andie tumble out , tipsy , they body language similar to Nick and Amy 's on they meet cute . snow be fall like the powdered sugar of they first kiss . amy ( v.0 . ) I go to the bar where he work . to surprise he . and out he come with this girl who have no business be in a bar . Amy follow , stunne . amy ( v.o. ) on we very first night together , we walk by a bakery , and they be get they sugar deliver — it be in the air everywhere . a sugar storm . and before he kiss I , he do this : ext . pool — afternoon 168 amy run a finger over she lip just as we have see Nick do . amy so he could taste I . ext . downtown NORTH carthage ~ night 169 nick stop andie . he take a finger and wipe she lip clean of snow . then kiss she . Amy watch in pure shock . ext . pool — afternoon 170 amy well , I follow they - and guess what ? greta no . amy he do the same thing to she . greta that 's the most disgusting thing I have ever hear . gg - pink revise 9/15/13 96a . amy thank you . 171 172 173 174 175 176 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 97 . int . airport - morning a7 . in the airport , all tvs display the morning network news . we see regal sharon schieber , polar opposite of ellen abbott . sharon good morning , all . I be Sharon schieber . a disturbing story from America 's heartland . on tv : a flash of Amy and Nick together , smile . nick we have go mainstream . title card : July 9 , 2012 four day gone omit - ext . new york CITY - establishing - day 172 omit - int . bar - day 173 omit - int . bar - later 174 ext . tanner 's office build - new york - day 175 Nick hop out of a cab and hurry in . int . office lobby - day 176 Nick be scan a directory . he find bolt associate , floor 52 , just as tanner bolt , surround by old-establishment lawyer , stride through the lobby . nick weave he way urgently through the lunch crowd . nick Mr. bolt. tanner bolt ! tanner be use to this : he keep walk , be about to give the brush -off , when he recognize Nick . tanner Nick dunne . I have be sit by the phone , my friend . ek * gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 98. 177 int . lobby - day 177 nick and tanner be sit on a lobby bench as people go in and out for lunch . tanner be have the laugh of he life . nick you do not believe I . tanner sure I believe you ! it 's just the craziest thing I have ever hear . I love it . I mean , for you , it suck ... but you gotta have a grudge respect for you wife at this point . tanner lean back , still laugh ; Nick be flummox . nick be you laugh I out of you building ? tanner no ! be you kid I ?! I be in , I be way in ! ( more serious ) this be what I do , Nick . this be why I have a $ 100,000 dollar retainer — because I win unwinnable case . you have come to the right guy . nick one hundred thousand dollar ? tanner we 'il figure something out . i’1l give you a special my wife be Skilled in the Art of Vengeance rate . nick ok , so what 's the plan ? tanner so far , this be a he -said she say . nick and she 's tell a better version . tanner no , Nick . she 's tell a perfect version . ( more ) gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 99 . tanner ( cont 'd ) I want to start today prepare a defense , should we need it . now , if we decide to go with you story - nick the truth - tanner we will need to realign the public 's vision of Amy . make they stop see she as America 's sweetheart , and start see she for what she be : a mind - fucker of the first degree . that 's a big realignment . we need other voice besides yours . there have to be someone she 's seriously screw with before - nick she file charge against a old boyfriend . Tommy o'hara . New York guy . tanner text something into he phone . tanner easy to find . nick there 's another guy in St. Louis — desi colling — who supposedly stalk she . tanner go talk to Tommy . i’1l draw up the contract . nick 's phone text buzze . he look at it : hold up the screen : tommy o’hara with a phone number . tanner grin . tanner ( cont 'd ) told you you come to the right guy . a178 ext . new york CITY - establishing - day a178 b178 int . bar - day b178 Nick scan the crowd for tommy o’haras : irish tough . the actual tommy o’hara wave : a gangly , math -rock un - rapey nerd . nick Tommy o'hara ? * ho oe gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 100 . tommy we should drink . - later c178 two healthy bourbon in hand . tommy ( bitter laugh ) I almost do not come . I do not need that back in my life . even tangentially . but shit . I wish someone have do I the favor . a awkward pause : Tommy can not quite begin . nick she say you ... get physical with she ? tommy no , dude . she say I rape she . first degree , felony rape . nick do you do it ? tommy fuck you , do you do it ? Point take . tommy ( cont ’d ) I be look at 30 year to life in prison . nick do you go to trial ? tommy fuck no . do I look like I have do well in prison ? I plead down , man . sexual assault one , no jail time . nick that 's something . tommy oh yeah , it 's a fuck breeze ! I have be unemployed for eight year because I have to write '' sexual offender '' on every job application . ( more ) * he ok * % he ho gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 100a . tommy ( cont 'd ) I be on a neighborhood watch list because I have to register as a predator wherever I go . I have not have a date in almost a decade because if a girl google I ? bye - bye . life 's a joy . nick take a drink . they drink . nick ( cont 'd ) walk I through what happen . tommy I meet Amy at this party - 2004 . we click . she 's perfect . like , if I could make up a girl , this would be the fuck girl . he pull out a photo of Tommy and amy , in full indie rock dream girl mode — unlike any other Amy we have see . tommy ( cont 'd ) I think : what 's the catch ? few month and it hit I : she be just play at be indie rock dream girl . nick and now she 's do play . tommy apply yourself ! hustle for that gig ! play this venue and meet that executive . she buy I tie . Nick and Tommy 's next round arrive . tommy ( cont ’d ) I mean , girl like a fixer- upper , but ... she invade I . she make I she business . and she want I to do the same for she . it be too much . I be not even sure I want to be the guy she want I to be . ee ox oe ro Nick slug gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 101 . tommy ( cont ’d ) so I break - up with she , back away , whatever ... it be no big deal . or so I think . ( pause for drink ) then Amy show up one night . she 's get a bottle of bourbon and this bootleg of a band I love , and — fuck - she 's all over I - and when this girl get all over you - sorry , she 's you wife . but pretty soon - nick you have sex . tommy consensual ! nothing funky . next thing I know , the cop be at my door . Amy have wound that be '' consistent with rape . '' Marks on she wrist as if I tie she up . me. I tie she to my bed and rape she . he bourbon . tommy ( cont ’‘d ) ( whisper ) and guess what they find ? headboard of my bed , one on each side . nick she frame you with the tie you would not wear . tommy you know you wife . nick all this because - tommy you date , you get you heart break , you date someone new . Circle of life , right ? wrong . I do not think she have ever be reject . like , ever . can you imagine be almost 30 year old and never have have anything go wrong for you ? nick do you ever see she again ? * + a gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 101a . tommy on tv , last week ! I think , there 's we Amy , she 's graduate from rape to murder . nick I may have to depose you . tommy I may have to relocate to Kazakhstan . I be serious , man , I will not say a word against that girl . she fuck I up . and I just date she a few month . I can not imagine what she 's get in store for you . * he oh 178 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 102. int . cabin - night 178 * amy be in greta 's cabin . they be sit on the bed . greta be * munch chip and bean dip and a bottle of Mountain Dew . * greta be flipping , flipping . ah! ellen abbott , growl about amy . amy stop she . greta you be watch this too ? we just find out - ellen - last night 's bombshell : Amy Elliott dunne be indeed pregnant when she go miss . Amy settles in , rapt . on tv : pop up to two other '' expert '' . ellen ( cont ’d ) Kelly capitono : this make I want to throw up . what be it about a pregnant woman — a woman carry life inside she - that make man turn * into animal ? kelly ( Behavioral psychologist ) ellen , the third lead cause of * death . for a pregnant woman be homicide — commit by a boyfriend * or husband . * ellen let 's not forget about the wife . * ever . tonight we welcome Amy 's best friend , noelle hawthorne . noelle , clearly enjoy she day in the sun , appear . noelle thank you so much , ellen , and let I say this : Amy would have love you , and all you do for woman . ellen tell we about you friend . * noelle Amy be so nurture . so maternal . she be just a angel . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 103 . greta I would love if just once someone be like : '' she be a real rag . '' Amy move herself in front of the tv , block off greta . noelle she be what every woman want to be : beautiful and smart and kind . photo of Amy float on screen : prep school , Harvard , black - tie etc . the image of the good life . Amy , watch , glow . greta she seem like a rich bitch to I . greta get up to pee but do not close the door so she can keep talk to amy—even if she can not see she . ellen you two be neighbor - amy what do you mean ? people love she ! noelle - who become friend . before I be a mom , I be a teacher , so Amy and I have the same interest in education and whatnot . greta ( 0.s. ) seem uppity . spoil rich girl , marry a cheating asshole . paid the ultimate price . noelle we have no secret . the only secret be . she husband . we never meet Nick . he never introduce himself . she spit in greta 's bean dip and Mountain Dew . ellen why be that , noelle ? noelle I think we know why . because he have a violent temper . he be not a nice man . he know I would see right through he . amy that 's harsh . ee * ee oe ok 179 180 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 104 . ellen what be you last memory of you friend , noelle ? greta ( 0.s. ) that 's life , baby . noelle I be give she advice about be a mom . I be try to support she , because she be so alone , so innocent . flush . Amy sit back down . picture of innocence . greta do not get I wrong , it 's not ok he kill she . I be just say there be consequence . int . go ’'s - night 179 go be watch ellen abbott while on the phone with Nick . go you land tanner bolt . ellen and while he wife be miss , Nick dunne 's play with he robot dog . yeah , do ya hear this ? Nick dunne have credit-card debt of $ 100,000 dollar , include a thousand dollar robot dog . what kind of man busy that , lauren neven ? int . airport - night 180 Nick wait to board . Baseball cap very low . ellen abbott be on every tv . nick tanner bolt land I . I be go to see desi colling on the way home . lauren ( Behavioral psychologist ) ellen , Nick dunne be not a man , psychologically . * to he hf gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 105 . nick go? tanner 's retainer be $ 100,000 dollar . that 's just the retainer . 181 int . go live room - night 181 on tv : a flicker video image of Nick 's dad be lead inside the interior of Comfort Hill . he look harmless . go I have get $ 47,000 in savings and I be approve for a second mortgage on the house . we will go from there . ellen Nick keep he father ... who have Alzheimer 's ... in this home . number of time he visit last year : one . 182 int . airport - night 182 nick go , thank you . on tv : go be outside Nick 's house ; flip off a cameraman — the shot we see the night of the vigil . ellen his twin sister , margo , be a peach . this two spend they day in the bar Amy buy they . play , what , lauren , play house ? nick what the fuck ?! lauren sibling often enable and abet . I have not examine Nick or he sister . but they seem very , very close . on tv : go whisper in Nick 's ear , he smile . ellen disturbingly close , lauren . a dopey Business traveler nudge he friend as he point at Nick and go on the tv . dope twinsest . 183 184 185 186 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 106 . nick , furious , silent , pull down he hat and walk past . int . greta 's cabin - night 183 as ellen abbott sign off , amy look absolutely sate . ellen and so we close with a question : what kind of moral rot allow a beautiful , talented , kind , smart , loving mother to vanish without the heaven hearing we outrage cry ? Amy Elliott dunne , we care about you and we will not forget . and you know what else we will not forget : Missouri have the death penalty . amy can I bum a cigarette ? ext . cabin - night 184 Amy , elate , triumphant , take a drag of she cigarette , give a little squeal of joy . int . cabin - night 185 Amy march over to she calendar and look at the date mark for kill self . she cross it off . and the next month 's and the next month 's . she take out she disposable . amy hi , I would like to report some activity on the property of one margo dunne . ext . ladue - night 186 toniest neighborhood in St. Louis . toniest house . Nick smooth he shirt , chew a mint . ring the doorbell . desi colling , 30 , handsome , preppy , answer . rear back . dest Mr. dunne . nick Mr. colling . * ee gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 107 . desi do not invite he in . strange charge in air : desi think Nick be guilty ; Nick think desi be innocent . nick ( cont ’d ) ( realize ) you be there . at the volunteer center . I see you . desi I want to help . Nick pull out one of desi 's emboss envelope . nick I get you address from this . desi Amy and I believe in the lose art of letter write . nick I be curious why you still write she . after everything ... desi give he nothing . nick ( cont 'd ) you date a few year , right ? board school . desi my first serious girlfriend . nick why would you break up ? desi that 's a strange question . nick you treat she bad ? cheat on she ? desi that 's a rude question . nick let I tell you what she tell I . she tell I you unravel after she dumped you . you stalk she . threatened she . and finally you attempt suicide on she bed in she dorm room . have to be send away . 187 a188 188 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 108. desi you wife be miss and you come all this way to tell I this ? nick I be curious for you version . Ugly pause . desi shut the door on Nick . int . nick 's car ~ NORTH carthage - night 187 Nick drive home : past the carthage sign . welcome back to carthage , ya will ! ext . the bar - night a188 Nick drive past : the joint be jump : journalist , lookiloo . a girl be have she photo take out front . int . police station - night 188 boney be pour over the diary . early part . she 's smile . gilpin you be read it again ? you know how it end . boney ( not look up ) it interest I . gilpin hey , Rhonda ? ( she look up ) '' he 's go to kill I . '' the end . boney why have he go to he dad 's house to burn it ? gilpin no one 's there . it 's private . boney why do not he make sure it actually burnt ? gilpin because he trip the alarm and you be all over he ass . 189 190 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 109 . boney the whole thing just feel ... easy . like find a envelope mark clue . gilpin ever. hear that phrase , Rhonda : the simple answer be often correct ? boney I have actually never find that to be true . ext . go ’'s house - morning 189 the doorbell ring . Nick open onto tanner in a seersucker . big grin from tanner . tanner elvis be in Missouri . title card : July 10 , 2012 five day gone int . go ’'s kitchen - day 190 go , nick and tanner at the table . go pour coffee . nick maybe we should take everything to boney . make we case . tanner ok , Nick . go. make you case . convince I ! nick first , you need to understand Amy . she love to teach lesson . go play God . nick Old Testament god. tanner keep talk . * gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 110. nick Amy find out I be cheating . she decide to punish I . she fake she death . she make the case against I : the blood in the house , the credit card , the life insurance . go she do the treasure hunt . nick the key be the treasure hunt : Amy be take I on a tour of my infidelity — and rub my nose in they . clue one she leave for the cop to find . it lead we to my office - ~a place where I have sex with andie . and what do we find there , but a pair of woman 's underwear - tanner racy . look bad . tanner ( cont 'd ) clue 2 ? nick take I to my dad 's . also a place where andie and I have relation . tanner clue 3 ? nick take I to the woodsh . where we- go God , Nick ! nick we have limited option . go Hotel ? nick credit card — Amy would see . go what about andie 's credit card ? nick statement go to she parent . oe ok * gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 111. tanner read through the clue . pick up clue 2. tanner '' let 's head on over to the little brown house . '' this lead you to ? nick my dad 's house . go dad 's house be blue . nick ( after a pause ) after the divorce , when he stop see we , I pretend he be a spy name Mr. Brown who have to pretend he have no kid . go you never tell I that . ( pause ) you tell she that ? tanner Nick , there be incriminate red panty in you office , and there 's a incriminate showcase showdown worth of crap in the woodsh . nick yes . tanner so what in god 's name be at you dad 's house ? 191 ext . bill dunne 's house - day 191 tanner , Nick and go stand outside . it 's be cordon off . 192 int . truck stop diner — day 192 nick and go be chow ; tanner be sip a clamato . tanner whatever the hell they find , we have to assume it 's very bad . ( pause ) ok . we have a lot of uncontain issue here ... Nick , do you have a guess what andie 's mindset be ? gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 112 . nick she have not phone I back since the vigil . tanner ok , and Amy 's parent ? Nick shake he head : bad news . tanner ( cont 'd ) ok , we have serious pressure here . we have a hurt young girlfriend who will go public any moment . nick andie would not - tanner andie will . they always do . do not take it personally . pause while he let this sink in . tanner ( cont 'd ) Amy have we in a interesting bind . we need to tell the cop about andie - they have to find out from we . but right now , andie just give you another motive . we need to tell the cop about the woodsh - we have to be on the front end of that . but let I tell you what will happen if we do : they will go after go . nick go have nothing to do - tanner her property . go be you accomplice , she help you hide the stuff , in all likelihood she know you kill Amy . nick so what do we do ? tanner we find Amy . any other strategy be miss the point . I have get two guy —ex secret service - I ’l1l get they on it . so where do they start , Nick ? where would Amy go ? eee ok * ee eh ee ee 193 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 113. ext . minigolf course - night 193 a red golf ball roll into a hungry crocodile 's mouth . amy , greta and jeff be put through a vacant , decrepit mini golf course . they hold plastic cup of beer . amy should not we keep score ? no one listen . greta putt wildly , she ball bounce over a alligator 's mouth into the slimy water -- two hole over . greta swat jeff 's butt as he go to retrieve she ball . he swat hers back and go to fetch the ball . greta smile after he . amy ( cont 'd ) I think we be steering clear of man for a while . greta he 's nice . amy because he want to fuck you . Amy be sulk : she 's use to be the courtee . jeff return , drying the ball on he shirt before present it . jeff ( to greta ) she still mope about she ex ? amy snap to , frown at greta : you tell he ? greta he get cheat on too . jeff we three here be the saddest sack in the ozark . they move on to a decaye statue of Liberty . amy I be not sad . I be angry . greta there you go ! jeff I almost drank myself to death when my wife leave I . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 114 . amy I be go to kill myself . can you believe that ? jeff do not give he the pleasure . amy I be go to drow myself in the Gulf of Mexico , let myself be dinner for great white - greta Gulf be bull shark , miss nawlins . amy why should I die ? I be not the asshole . jeff put that on a T-shirt . Amy putt beautifully : hole on in one ! jeff bear-hug she . he feel the money belt beneath she shirt and squeeze it . jeff ( cont 'd ) what 's up , chub ? with a flick , he lift up she shirt to look at it . greta moneybag ! think you say you be break . Amy be flustered , yank she shirt down . greta ( cont 'd ) that 's a pretty fat wad . amy mostly singles . greta single ? you a stripper ? greta and Jeff laugh at the very idea . jeff treasure chest or Lake gurlz ? Amy be visibly annoyed . 194 195 196 197 198 199 200 201 202 203 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 greta ah , come on , we be just teasing . do not people tease in nola ? int . cabin - night ellen abbott on tv as amy watch . she cross out kill self be now : find job ? ellen expect Nick dunne 's arrest any day now . we have get blood in the house , huge debt , a unwanted pregnancy , and we have Amy Elliott dunne , miss now for five day , cry out for justice . 115 . 194 on the calendar next to amy count out she cash . not like the result . she count again . same . she be count again when the door rattles . amy hello ? the door stop rattling . Amy open it . no one be outside . omit omit omit omit omit omit omit omit omit int . ext . ext . ext . int . int . ext . int . ext . dunne live room - night backyard - night the bar —- night college bar - establishing —- night college bar - night the bar - later cabin - morning lobby business CENTER - day cabin - day 195 * 196 * 197 * 198 * 199 * 200 * 201 * 202 * 203 * 204 205 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 116. omit - int . dunne live room - day 204 int . dunne live room - day 205 Nick stand behind the door as he open for go and tanner . we hear dozen of reporter : tanner ! can we get a statement ? go and tanner enter . go hand nick a bag of grocery . nick never think I would be a guy who could not get a pizza deliver . title card : JULY 11 , 2012 six day gone go milk , peanut butter , bread , bourbon . tanner 's get a bad idea he 's go to pitch you . tanner Sharon schieber be go to interview you tomorrow . St. Louis . go it could go so wrong . tanner and you be go to tell she about andie . go no! nick tanner that sound - tanner Nick , you have not hear from she in three day . it 's a tick time bomb . you gotta throw yourself on it . nick people will hate I . tanner and then they 's 1ll forgive you . a guy admit he 's a giant asshole ? people love that stuff . nick why not just release a statement ? a206 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 117. tanner Sharon 's special get 10 million viewer . Sharon 's a crusader . if she take you on as a cause - go she 's go to ask hard question . tanner I will drill Nick as if this be a deposition . how to talk , how to act . go a train monkey . tanner a train monkey who do not get lethal injection , yes . look , this case hang on what people think of Nick . they need to like he . a pause . tanner ( cont 'd ) you 'il reach million of people . nick I just need to reach one person . ext . cabin path - water tower - afternoon a206 Amy be hustling down the path with a plastic bag full of clean supplies . jeff yoo-hoo ! Amy look around , mystify , then look up at jeff and greta , hang out , share a joint . greta climb on up ! amy I have get laundry . greta bumper boat later ? of * % ee fh fh hk * * 206 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 118. amy yeah , sure . sound good . int . cabin - afternoon 206 Amy be packing . in latex glove , she wipe everything down . pull the sink trap , tug out the clogge hair . a knock at the door . she pause . another knock . she yank off the glove , tighten she moneybelt . yank the calendar off the wall and into she bag . she open the door . greta spot a pack duffel bag behind she . greta you be leave ? Amy remain non-commmital . greta ( cont 'd ) well , let we say goodbye . amy I will come by before - Jeff insert he cast in the door so it can not shut . jeff let we in , little girl . she let they in . greta close the door behind she , blocking it . Jeff begin open cabinet and drawer . jeff ( cont 'd ) you get to clear everything out . dorothy 's a real stickler . he open the closet . jeff ( cont 'd ) not even a spare hanger can you leave . he shake out she comforter and sheet . jeff ( cont ’d ) make sure nothing 's trap inside . a sock or undy or what have you . he open she bedside table . empty . jeff ( cont 'd ) look like you have do a good job . he walk over to amy . be gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 119 . jeff ( cont 'd ) where the money , sweetheart ? greta look under she dress . amy I will call the police . greta you glass be fake . you root be blond , not ... hamster . you say you name 's Nancy but you do not answer to it half the time . you be hide — I do not know why , I do not care . but you be not go to call the cop . amy Jeff talk you into this ? greta I talk Jeff into it . Amy back away until she 's against the wall . greta ( cont 'd ) and I do not think you have ever really be hit . greta grab she , reach under amy 's dress , yank the moneybelt . Amy grab onto the buckle just in time . they struggle against the wall . amy I be serious , greta , stop ! greta push Amy 's face , the glass jam into Amy 's eye . it 's a quiet , slow -motion death struggle . until : greta bang Amy 's head against the wall , once , twice . hard . Amy drop the belt . greta look through the cash . thousands . greta Holy shit ! Amy make one last lame attempt to grab the belt , but greta shove she again , hard , she head hit the cinder block . she drop to a crouch , dizzy . her glass be break . one eye water like a cut vein . Jeff and greta stand over she . jeff sorry . we really do need the money . they step past she . 207 208 209 210 211 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 120. greta next place , be more careful , ok ? lot of people out there worse than we . ext . cabin - dusk 207 amy throw everything in the car . get in , start it . stop . int . cabin - dusk 208 Amy open the door , examine the spot of saliva where greta push she against the wall . spray it with bleach , take a tissue , wipe it , turn off the light . int . festiva - night 209 Amy be park in the lot of a budget motel . a candy bar wrapper in the passenger seat . pocket change in stack . she 's asleep . bang on the window . security guard you can not sleep here , honey . sorry . Amy speed off , haggard . she look at the gas : almost empty . ext . highway - night 210 Amy veer into a gas station , up to a pay phone , dial . we can not hear , but she 's sweet , then resign . nodding . she get back in car , huddle in the driver 's seat . 1:12 be . '' int . HOTEL - makeup room - afternoon 211 go be trimming Nick 's hair with nail scissors while Nick and tanner practice . outside the window be the St. Louis arch . nick I do not kill my wife . title card : duly 12 , 2012 seven day gone tanner again , less wooden . nick I do not kill my wife . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 121. a red jellybean zap he right in the cheek . nick ( cont 'd ) what the hell be that ? tanner reveal a bag of jelly belly . tanner every time you look smug or annoyed or tense , I be go to hit you with a jellybean . nick that 's suppose to make I less tense ? tanner let 's try it again : I understand you and you wife have some bump . nick it have be a rough few year . we would lose we job . * tanner yes , you both have . nick we would move back to my hometown to take care of my mom who be die of cancer and my dad who - a jellybean hit he . tanner you dad 's scorched earth . focus on you mom , how close you be . go * on . nick so it all build up - jellybean . * tanner no , imply a explosion come . nick so we have get off track . I have a * moment of weakness - * jellybean . * gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 tanner you have fifteen month of weakness . nick I become involved in a extramarital relationship that be completely wrong . tanner that work . go remember to play up the doofus husband , Nick . '' I be a idiot . I be a fuck up . everything be my fault . '' nick so , what man be suppose to do in general . 122. go whizze a jelly belly at he , he catch it in he mouth . nick ( cont 'd ) rootbeer . tanner ( check he watch ) how do you feel ? nick I feel good . go , toss I that box . go pick up a vintage watch box , toss it . nick ( cont 'd ) Amy 's 33rd - birthday present to I . go you hate that watch . nick oh no , go , I love this watch . just like I love this tie , this shirt and this cuff-link . he straighten himself in the mirror . nick ( cont 'd ) just like I love my wife . 212 213 214 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 123. ext . riverboat casino - afternoon 212 Amy wipe down the car thoroughly , grab she bag , get out of the car , toss the key in on the driver 's seat . roll the window down . busload of retiree move painfully across the gravel . Amy move quickly , gracefully : I be young , ha-ha ! int . casino - afternoon 213 Amy nurse a drink . Change stack in front of she . she drum she nail . finally look up . it 's reminiscent of the moment when Nick save Amy at the book party . the line be the same : amy ah , it 's you . desi colling have arrive , look as well produce as a Ralph lauren ad . he take Amy 's hand . dest it 's you . someone nearby get a jackpot . Bing Bing Bing . int . casino - late afternoon 214 desi he beat you ? amy brutally . have countless affair . but he have fly into a rage if I say hello to the postman . I be a prisoner . desi good god. amy last week , he really hurt I . ( point to she bruise ) I say I have leave . he say he have find I and kill I . so I disappear ... I lose the baby . I be so scared . a mustached man at the bar lean to get a better look at Amy . desi I doubt Nick will press charge if you resurface . he want to find you . he be on my doorstep three day ago . 215 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 124. the mustached man appear in she peripheral . Amy turn away . desi ( cont ’d ) he track I from my letter to you . you save they . amy know you be out there be the only thing that 's keep I go this past few year . desi let 's go to the police . we will explain everything . amy I can not turn up now . everyone would hate I . ( pause ) be it wrong , to want Nick to go to prison ? desi he should go to prison for what he 's do . I will set you up at my lakehouse . it 's secluded . amy why be you so good to I ? desi you know why . amy why be it that when I need someone to save I , I always think of you ? the mustached man suddenly appear at the table . mustached man Excuse I , do not I know you ? int . HOTEL makeup room - afternoon 215 Nick and he crew be wait . tanner 's phone ring . he look at display . tanner boney . I will call she after . in swan sharon schieber , 5as , regal . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 125. sharon ( to tanner , all business ) tanner , nice to see you . I hope this be worth my while . tanner you will be happy . sharon ( to Nick , regal ) I '' Sharon . nick I be very pleased to meet you , Sharon . thank you for this . sharon can we get you anything before we start ? Water , tea ? the assistant teeter up urgently , whisper in Sharon 's ear . sharon ( cont 'd ) be you fuck serious ? 216 int . casino - afternoon 216 mustached man ( to Amy ) you be one of the nolan girl , right ? desi we be from winnepeg . Excuse we . desi throw money on the table . the man peevishly withdraw , but keep a eye on Amy . desi ( cont 'd ) we should leave . he start hustling she through the casino . they be almost to the door when Amy look up . amy oh my god . you little slut . close on tv in a bar . the bartender turn up the volume . andie , dress demurely , hold a press conference at drury Lodge . she look stricken . rand and marybeth behind she . andie go up to a mike . nervous . ee of * gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 126. andie my name be andie fitzgerald . amy why be she dress like a babysitter ? andie I meet Nicholas dunne when he be my creative - write teacher at mill Valley Community college ... amy the girl with the giant cum - on - I tit . andie I be deeply ashamed of have be involved with a marry man . amy but what do you wear tonight ? a fuck shirtdress ! andie I truly believe we be in love ... but I know that be no excuse . amy no , it 's not . andie I do not in my heart believe Nick dunne would have kill for I . my prayer go out to everyone who love Amy . I apologize for the pain this have cause they . andie tremble , step away from the mike . marybeth we have love Nick dunne like a son . that love end today . amy come on , marybeth , get in the plug for amazing Amy . marybeth we trust he and he meet we trust with lie after lie . we now believe Nick be absolutely involved with the disappearance of we daughter - we amazing Amy - ek + % 217 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 127. desi ( kissing she forehead ) come . you be stare at ghost . int . HOTEL makeup room - afternoon 217 as rand and marybeth leave the podium , the tv be turn to mute . go , tanner , nick and sharon have a moment to digest . , sharon well , this just get very exciting . tanner one moment , Sharon . tanner pull Nick aside . tanner ( cont ’d ) we be go to bow out . nick nothing 's change , tanner - tanner everything 's change . a hour ago , we be in front of this . now - nick I can do it . tanner we be on the defense - it 's a completely different dynamic . nick I can handle it . go she 's go to eat you alive . nick I get this . sharon ( to assistant ) Mike he , we do this now . Sharon turn to reveal a battlefield of stick pin use to keep she dress in place . a218 218 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 128. int . HOTEL conference room - night a218 nick go to he seat . a makeup person powder he sweaty brow . a sound guy thread the lavaliere up he shirt . Sharon and she producer confer in intense whisper . the rest of the staff be glaring at Nick . he catch one woman 's eye and she look be venomous . the makeup person re-powder he . producer and it 's 3 , 2 , l .... int . tanner 's car -— night 218 go , tanner and Nick drive home . tanner be work he phone , answer email , etc . go seriously , I can not believe how fuck good you be . nick I be awake , finally . go you have be fuzzy the past few year . you be in focus now . nick she bring out the best in I . go ( dark ) do not . tanner look up at that . tanner just keep it together the next 24 hour , you two . people hate you right now , Nick . woman want to scratch you eye out . andie be good tv . nick she 's a nice girl . tanner that 's a problem . so just ride this out . when Sharon schieber air tomorrow , we be go to be look at a new you . a219 219 220 221 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 129 . they pass the sign : enter North carthage — - welcome Home , y'all ! tanner ( cont 'd ) until then ? do not show you face . ellen ( 0.s. ) Nick dunne be dating a child . ext . lakehouse - night a219 Amy and desi drive up , park . they get out of the car and walk into the lakehouse . int . lakehouse live room - night 219 desi be give Amy the grand tour of he lake-mansion . amy be wield the remote . on tv : ellen at she most outrage . desi cable and Internet , obviously . ellen a twenty - year- old girl . he be she teacher . I tell you , this guy be just despicable . he make my skin crawl . Amy linger , beaming . desi snap off the tv . int . lakehouse kitchen - night 220 massive refrigerator . desi open it . it 's stock . desi anything you have a taste for that you can not find in here , just let I know - I '1ll get it . wine cellar 's downstairs . I will get you some clothes too . not that I do not appreciate you in bait shop chic . int . lakehouse bathroom - night 221 desi the floor be heat , dial to you taste . robe in the closet . the shower can do steam if you have like , the bathtub have jacuzzi function . oe of * of of a222 222 gg - pink revise 9/15/13 130 . int . lakehouse bedroom - night a222 this be my master suite . which be now you master suite . great view when you be in the mood , block - out curtain when you be not . the bed be savoir , you will never get a better sleep . she check out the decadent 3000 - count sheet . thank god . amy you be so good to I . and I be so exhaust . desi I will leave you to it then . amy have already dismiss he . desi ( cont 'd ) I be so happy you be here . and I do not want you to worry for one moment . there be camera everywhere . he show she the view on he phone . desi ( cont 'd ) the exterior , all over the grounds , the entryway . anyone go in or out get record . a pause while she take this in . desi ( cont 'd ) you will be very safe . I will not let you get away again . he give she a kiss on the cheek and leave . Amy begin look around . the bookshelves be fill with self -help book . mostly about be a man . FIRE in the belly , be the strong man a woman want , no more mr . nice guy . int . desi 's office — night 222 Amy go through he drawer : every single Amy quiz she ever publish , dutifully fill out . her nyt marriage notice . interview she 's do with trivia of interest underline . the room 's a showcase to a concept Amy have never fully realize : if you want a man whose sole focus be you and be with you , this be what you get . 223 224 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 131. int . lakehouse bedroom - night 223 Amy be under the plush cover , stare at she reflection in the window . definitely not sleep . int . lakehouse live room - day 224 Amy be at the tv , which display every security camera angle . title : JULY 13 , 2012 EIGHT day gone thwack . the door open . Amy turn off the tv . desi enter , bear a shopping bag . desi good morning ! amy you scared I . do not do that . ( soften ) I need to feel safe . desi you be very safe . what have you be up to ? the question be innocent but unnerve to Amy . amy nothing . desi Amy , I be not Nick . you do not need wall . amy it 's hard for I . after so many year , under someone 's thumb - desi ( pointedly ) I know just how that feel . amy you be never under my thumb . desi on you leash ? amy never . 225 226 227 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 132. desi debate this . desi New start . he take out the content of he bag . butter blonde hair dye , makeup , razor , wax and three silky , pastel dress . desi ( cont 'd ) decent clothes . Hair dye . makeup . tweezers . there 's a gym on its way . the sooner you look like yourself , the sooner you will feel like yourself . I will get grocery for tonight . we will watch Sharon schieber and finally move on . amy I think that 's something I should watch on my own . he kiss she forehead . desi nonsense . I will be back . I be look forward to my reunion with Amy Elliott . ext . go backyard - sunset 225 Nick be slip through the wood behind go 's house . two newsvan be in front , camera on go 's as the guy talk . nick book to the house ; go open the door for he as he hit it . go ( plummy Sharon voice ) welcome , all - ext . lakehouse - establishing - sunset 226 int . lakehouse live room - sunset 227 the remain of a light dinner be nearby . wine be chill . on tv : sharon - I '' Sharon schieber . Amy 's eye be glue to the tv . we see a montage of the Nick and Amy story : amazing Amy , they wedding photo , andie . gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 133 . we can hear key word : '' the girl everyone want to be , '' '' the marriage everyone admire , '' '' shocking debt , '' '' a surprise pregnancy , '' '' and a very young , very pretty secret . '' desi be glaring at Amy 's un - dyed hair , she comfy cotton sundress . Amy do not notice . she 's rapt . on tv : sharon ( cont ’d ) now , exclusively , a husband break he silence not just on he wife 's disappearance but on he infidelity — and all that shocking rumor . cut to interview : nick and sharon sit together . amy I buy that tie . on tv : sharon Nick dunne , you might be the most hate man in America right now . nick I think you be probably right , Sharon . and I probably deserve it . sharon do you kill you wife , Nick ? nick I do not kill my wife , Sharon . I be not a murderer . sharon but you be unfaithful . nick I be . I be not proud of my action . sharon you allow Amy 's parent , Amy 's friend , the people of you hometown , to believe that you be a loving husband who be desperate to find he miss wife . * hf gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 133a . nick I be desperate to find my miss wife . sharon I just wonder how you can ask we to believe you , now that we know ... you be a liar ? nick I do not come forward about my affair because I know it would make I look very , very bad . I do not care anymore about how I look . that 's do . I care about find my wife . sharon I be just try to get clear - nick let I say this : I be not a killer . but I be far from be a good guy . I be a bad husband to a wonderful wife . I break the vow I make to she . sharon what do that mean to you , Nick ? nick it mean I be basically a con artist . ( more ) * ee * * + gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 134. nick ( cont 'd ) I meet Amy Elliott seven year ago and I be transfix . Amy do that . I be a average guy from a average place with mediocre aspiration , and I meet this woman who dazzle I . and I want she to love I . I pretend to be better than I be . I make a pledge to she , '' when we marry , to be that man . insert : a perfect wedding portrait of nick and amy . nick ( cont 'd ) the man who try harder . the man who think and act and feel with as much passion as she do . the man who make she happy . and I fail she . instead of do what be right , I do what be easy . amy be rapt : this word resonate . sharon you talk like a man who believe he can still make amend to he wife . who believe he wife be still alive . nick she be alive . sharon ok , then . what would you like to say to you wife tonight ? nick turn straight to the camera . nick Amy , I love you . you be the best person I have ever know . I have take myself to the woodsh over the way I treat you . come home and I will spend the rest of . my life make it up to you . I will be the man I promise you I would be . please come home . he put he finger briefly in the cleft of he chin . his watch be on camera . Amy smile . desi be watch Amy . ek + * * F * % gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 134a . 228 int . go 's house - night 228 go be work the Internet , drop in and out of nick dunne chat . sharon be on tv , say goodnight . go you fuck kill it . they be go crazy for you . nick they dislike I , they like I , they hate I and now they love I . 229 230 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 135. go smile . a small sense of relief pass over the two of the . and then : bang bang bang ! through the window , we see police swarm across the backyard . toward the woodshed . setting up perimeter to keep away reporter . setting up flood light aim at the woodshed . go open the door . int . / ext . go side door - yard - night 229 boney margo dunne , this be a search warrant for you property . she hand it to go . boney ( cont 'd ) I usually ignore tipline call but a neighbor be concerned about that '' strange man around you woodsh . '' boney begin walk . nick ( to go ) call tanner ! ext . go backyard - night 230 the police be cut the woodshed lock . and they be inside . nick follow boney as she walk toward the shed . boney you girlfriend be so cute , Nick . nick be that what this be about ? boney stop short , seethe . boney I have treat you beyond fair throughout this investigation . I have give you the benefit of the doubt over and over . whenever you say something stupid , I think , maybe he 's just stupid . I be wrong . that 's what this be about . gilpin ( hold a club ) this the club you do not play golf with ? * 231 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 136. nick none of this be mine , none of this be put here by I . a uniform officer march out from the woodsh , hold * the gift-wrapped BOX with the punch and judy puppet . he * walk past they to police van . * boney get the making of a real man cave . everything just wait for the wife to go away for good . but nick have stop pay attention because go be be help into a police car . nick hey , you can not do that ! boney of course we can . we hear a strange click and whir . out of the woodsh come the robot dog , a cop piloting the controller . the dog bark . int . lakehouse - night 231 desi very deliberately turn off the Sharon schieber show . Amy get up to turn on the laptop . desi take it away . desi Amy , it 's time to move on . what can I do to help ? amy I need some time to think . * desi that 's the last thing you need . amy desi - * desi for 20 year now , you have keep I dangle . finally , last night you come to I , and you choose I . follow that instinct . do not trust the instinct that leave you beat and homeless , sleep in you car , fear for you life . ** % oe of amy look truly panicked . gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 137. desi ( cont 'd ) I be not go to force myself on you . he go into the kitchen , begin take away anything decadent . cheese , chip , etc all go into a bag . amy I understand what you be say , desi , I do . I have just be so mistreate , for so long , I have forget how to behave . desi I will move in here tomorrow . we will work on it . until we get it right . I just want you to be you again . he run he hand through the hair that should be blonde . 232 int . police station hallway - night 232 Nick and tanner confer as they head to interrogation . tanner they only take go to fuck with you . nick she be not spend another second here . we tell boney everything . tanner we tell boney as little as possible . without a body , without a murder weapon , they 'il be desperate for a confession . so let they talk . we can jumpstart you defense . nick my defense be the truth . tanner try not to roll he eye at the naivety . but can not . 233 int . police station - night 233 boney be get settle : tape recorder coffee , pen , legal pad . nick study she . tries to break the ice . nick you get kid , Rhonda ? she look startle . hold up one finger . * gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 138. boney daughter . nick what 's she name ? boney let 's start . boney set punch and judy in they box on the table . boney ( cont ’d ) recognize this ? nick Amy 's anniversary present to I . boney be this how she tell you she be pregnant ? mommy , daddy , baby ? that make you mad ? boney give he a stony look . set the diary on the table . it 's singe on the side but fine inside . boney ( cont 'd ) recognize this ? nick I have never see it in my life . boney Amy 's diary . we find it at you father 's house . Nick and tanner exchange a look : ohhh this be bad . boney ( cont 'd ) this you wife 's handwrite ? Nick reach for the diary , boney pull it back . nick I think so . boney so do we expert . want to play a little true or false ? she take out a stack of xerox papers , each flagge with a color code stickie . she present he the first sheet : ee a * gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 139 . boney ( cont 'd ) ( read ) and then he brushes the sugar off my lip so he can taste I . nick ( move ) yeah , that 's true . next sheet be slap down . boney you think quinoa be a fish ? nick ( sudden laugh ) I still do not know what it be . she slap down another sheet . boney she want to get pregnant — you attack she . nick I hit she ? never . boney she say push . you push she . nick do not happen . slap down another sheet . boney she try to buy a gun . nick have no idea what to say . boney slap down . another . boney ( cont 'd ) shall I read you the last entry ? this man might kill I . in she own word : this man might kill I . nick convenient end note . gilpin enter the room , motion to boney . they stand in the doorway , join by donnelly , who hand boney a bag . they confer intensely in low voice . boney return hold a evidence bag contain a burnt club . she hold it up to the judy puppet so nick can see it 's the miss handle . ee oe + % * ek 234 235 236 237 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 140. boney the miss handle . Big as a 2 by 4 , right ? Big as a club . we find this Day one . in the fireplace . you office . do not know what the hell it be but , fire in July ? we bag it . nick I have never see that . I have never - boney we just test it . Fire do not erase blood , Nick . so. finally : Nick dunne , you be under arrest for the murder of you wife , Amy Elliott dunne . omit - int . police station - morning 234 omit - int . police station - later 235 int . jail —- morning 236 Nick be asleep against the cinderblock wall . guard dunne ? you get a hell of a lawyer . title : July 14 , 2012 nine day gone ext . jail — morning 237 a football field 's worth of camera . tanner run Nick into a car , where go await . newsvan and reporter from all over the nation — and the BBC ~are run amok . nick ( to go ) you be ok ? go wave he off . ' nick ( cont 'd ) ( to tanner ) what 's this mean ? 238 239 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 141. tanner you be out on bond . you can relax at home while we prep for trial . nick take a bubble bath . go tanner , be there any fuck lead on Amy ? tanner I have have my two best guy look . Nick look up : yes ? tanner ( cont 'd ) she 's air . hand beat against the car window . yell . protester hold poster . no to violence against women ! and murderer ! and what do you know , go ? nick come home , Amy . I dare you . fade out : omit - ext . dunne house - day 238 int . lakehouse - day 239 amy ( v.o. ) more coffee ? fade in : a bountiful breakfast be on a perfect table . Orange juice in crystal , silver shine . desi be smile benevolently . title card : august 4 , 2012 thirty day gone and we see amy . wow . she 's almost Amy : weight lose , hair blonde in a pretty pixie . Tan fade . the two look posh . if Amy and Nick once be a ad for sex , Amy and desi be a ad for never have sex - because they have muss this great clothes . desi Love it . 240 241 gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 142. she pour for he . add a cube of sugar . amy remember that time we skip school and drive to the cape ? desi lobster right from the ocean . amy this remind I of that . never - end holiday . desi you be not bored ? amy desi , you can discuss 18th century symphony , 19th century impressionist , quote proust — in french . Nick 's idea of culture be a reality tv marathon with one hand down he boxer and he other around a family - size block of velveeta . ' desi laugh , finish he coffee , get up . she rumple he hair . then she kiss he , bite he lower lip . he rear back , surprised . she walk he just to the edge of the entryway . yank out he shirt teasingly . amy ( cont 'd ) that 's how the kid wear it . ext . lakehouse - day 240 on the black and white of a video camera , we see desi leave he house , straighten he hair , and tucking in he shirt . he put he finger gingerly to he lip : ouch . int . lakehouse dine area — day 241 a new camera shoot from patio through the glass into the dine area . Amy stumble into frame past a new stairmaster and bowflex . she 's in a rip T-shirt and panty . a length of binding trail from one arm and leg : she 's be tethered to something off camera , unable to reach the door . she look at the camera and scream silently . pound on the glass . tumble to the floor , cry . * 242 243 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 143. int . lakehouse bathroom - day 242 in the mirror above the sink , Amy examine she weight , tanline . pale , thin , beautiful . aside from the short hair , she be back to be amy . she pull off some duct tape , cut it with a BOX cutter . test the tape . then she pick up a bottle of wine . she uncork it , pour it out in the sink , peel away the foil . in the mirror we see she lower it and ... reach beneath she skirt with it . title : August 13 , 2012 thirty - nine day gone int . lakehouse live room ~- night 243 Amy wait on the sofa , look ready for a Big date . desi ( 0.s. ) Mr. colling be home ! amy hello Mr. colling . I miss you ! she hug he , linger , tilt she head up to he . kiss he . amy ( cont ’d ) stay with I . I do not want you to be away . when thing die down , we will go to Greece like you say . she begin kissing he neck . desi octopus and scrabble . her hand move down he chest to he belt . desi ( cont 'd ) how long do you think it 's 1ll take ? amy not long . six month for the trial . sentence will be quick . her hand be in he pants . desi can not decide if he want to focus on the romance of Greece or the matter at hand . desi he will appeal . amy I can watch the rest overseas . oe 244 245 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 144. int . bedroom —- night 244 desi be try to slowly , gently undress she . Amy , with a flick of two strap be out of she dress . she pull he on the bed . desi begin delicately , slowly kissing she . nibbling like a fish . she impatiently yank he clothes off . desi hold on , slowly . amy hard ! she reach under she dress , pull off she undy . they begin have sex . slowly . she start writhe . desi Amy . do not be scared . it 's I . amy harder ! desi slowly . amy do it ! a few more thrust and it 's over . amy keep she leg clasped around he waist as she grab the BOX cutter from she bedside table . desi have enough time to register confusion when : slash . she slice he neatly through the jugular . the blood pulse out as desi grab at he neck , but amy will not let he go . the two roll over , Amy on top , hold he down . desi make one more try for freedom and the two roll back around , he on top of she again . the blood be everywhere : on the mattress , on the wall . amy keep she leg wrap around desi until he give one last heave and die on top of she . Amy 's beatific smile certainly indicate she 's satisfied . int . dunne live room - late morning 245 nick be on the couch asleep . look like a complete shell of aman . we can hear protestor , news reporter outside . a sudden , strange rush of noise from the crowd wake he . silence , then sputter of recognition . title card : August 14 , 2012 forty day gone 246 247 248 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 145. noise get louder . the doorbell ring . Nick open the door : ext . dunne house - late morning 246 amy , still in she delicate pink dress , the front of which be cover in dry blood . her hair be cover in blood . her face be swipe with it . she be weep hysterically . the media go absolutely apeshit . amy amy amy ! Amy hold out she arm to Nick . we see the deep twine ring around she wrist . amy Nick ! a beat . the camera be capture everything . nick Amy ! he hug she fiercely . cup she face , whisper in she ear : nick ( cont 'd ) you fuck bitch . and she faint . creating : the best media moment of 2012 . black screen doctor ( 0.s. ) you be go to feel some pressure . int . hospital - afternoon 247 amy in a gown , in stirrup , undergo a rape kit , as boney and nick each hold a hand . amy have a new persona : survivor . doctor you will have more baby . Amy smile at Nick . he try to hide he horror . int . hospital corridor - afternoon 248 the doctor confer with boney and nick . doctor her wound be consistent with rape . there be semen present . we will make sure it 's a match . boney it all match . gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 146. the doctor leave and boney grab a crucial moment with nick . boney ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? nick pal again ? boney now that I know you do not murder you wife ? yes . what do you think ? nick kidnap ? it 's a insane story . boney I have hear crazier . rand and marybeth run in . gilpin arrive . the corridor be get progressively pack with cop , reporter , staff . marybeth ( to boney ) we tell you : desi colling . we tell you over a month ago ! rand ( to nick ) Nick , we owe you a apology . it 's just that every single sign - nick I know . marybeth we will leave it to Amy whether she can forgive you for the rest . a ominous phalanx of suit arrive and head toward Amy 's room . go and tanner arrive just behind they . boney head to meet the suit , past tanner and go as they head to nick . tanner ( whisper to Nick ) for now : '' I be just happy my wife be safe . '' the doctor block Amy 's room just as the suit arrive . doctor she 's on fairly heavy painkiller . * gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 146a . amy ( from inside ) it 's ok . I want to help . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 147 . 249 int . hospital room - afternoon 249 boney worm she way in . the suit barely make room for she . amy look vulnerable in she gown . FBI Ms. dunne , I know what you have be through so we will keep it very brief . can you walk we through what happen ? amy that morning , the doorbell ring . so normal . I open the door . desi . so strange . since high school ... he will not ever go away . I always try to be nice to he . answer he letter . keep he calm . God , I encourage he - she begin tear up . a FBI agent hand she a tissue . FBI ( firmly ) do not blame yourself . amy he push inside . grab I . I get away . ran to the kitchen . he clubbed I . I collapse . boney that club , it 's actually the handle to the punch and Judy puppet - amy that 's right . treasure hunt . that 's what he hit I with . I have hide the puppet at go 's ... boney then how do desi have the handle ? amy I have just find it . it must have fall off . I be hold it when desi push in . he get it from I . boney about the woodsh - amy ( ignore she ) I wake up in the trunk of he car . gg - pink revise 9/15/13 148. boney you must have ble quite a bit there . amy you 'il find blood ... he take I to he lakehouse . tied I to he bed . boney back to the woodsh real quick . when you go to place the puppet there , do you notice it be pack - amy lot of stuff . boney correspond to purchase make on credit card in Nick 's name . amy begin cough , which turn into a pitiful retch . a FBI guy hand she a glass of water . amy Nick and credit card . he busy , I nag . I be sure he hide it all at go 's . they be very close . ( pause ) May I go back to where I be be hold prisoner by a man with a history of mental problem ? FBI please continue , Ms. dunne . amy pull she gown around she . a suit pass she a blanket . amy desi rape I that night . every night . he would tie I up like a dog . punish I . starve I . shave I . sodomize I . cameras everywhere . you have get to find the tape . amy and boney exchange a glance : I be sure we will . 250 int . hospital waiting room - afternoon 250 nick be pace past gilpin and a cop . gilpin she slit he throat . box cutter to - gg - yellow revision 9/27/13 149 . nick how would she get the box cutter if she be always tie up ? gilpin just be happy you wife be safe . 251 int . hospital room — afternoon 251 boney we find you diary , Amy . it contain a lot of concern allegation . mental and physical abuse . amy the ugly truth - Nick do not want a baby . he have money problem . he have a temper . but I love he . boney you try to buy a gun . amy ( weak voice ) I feel myself fade - boney I just need to clarify - amy let I clarify for you : if this case have be leave in you deeply incompetent hand , Nick would be a dead man walk and I would be tie spread eagle on a bed , rape every day from now until I die . FBI Ms. dunne , you have be very brave . we be finish . now : do you feel safe go home with you husband ? 252 int . hospital waiting room - afternoon 252 a FBI agent wheel amy out . all eye be on she . she hold out a hand to nick . nick flinch . look to tanner . a few people be already pop out they camera phone to record the happy event . tanner address the crowd — - mainly Nick . 253 254 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 150. tanner we pray to God and God answer we prayer . Amy dunne be home . * I know there be many question and concern to be address — but for tonight let 's just sit tight and be grateful and thankful for this Miracle on the Mississippi . ext . dunne house - early evening 253 nick and amy be silent in the back of a squad car as they approach . hundred of people on the street . newsvan from all over the world . well - wisher bear homemade poster with Amy 's name in heart . nick help amy exit the car . the crowd react as if they be a beloved Hollywood couple . amy strike the right pose : abuse — but resilient . int . dunne live room - early evening 254 nick shut the door firmly . the camera light outside give they a romantic glow . amy go to put she arm around he . nick stop pretend . * amy I be not pretend . you be * perfect . the Nick I see on tv be * the Nick I fall in love with . * nick I just say what you want to hear . . amy that 's how well you know I ! you * know I in you marrow . * he turn he back on she . rethink . turn back around . nick Amy , I need to know everything . amy take off you clothes . 255 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 151. int . bathroom - early evening 255 nick drop he clothes to the floor . amy drop she clothes , run she hand over he , try to arouse he . amy need to make sure you be not wear a wire . she womanhandle he more . nothing . she turn on the shower . amy ( cont ’d ) get in . she motion he into the shower ! might as well be wield a gun . Inside the shower the water sprays against they as they stand face to face . trickles of pink - desi 's dry blood — flow from she hair down she neck . she try to get closer to he . he back away . nick you be a murderer , Amy . amy I be a fighter . I fight my way back to you . nick you slit desi 's throat . with a box cutter . amy you begge for I to save you life on national tv . and I oblige . but I want that Nick . nick I be leave . amy you really think that 's smart ? wound , rape wife battle she way back to she husband — and he desert she ? the media will destroy you . you neighbor will shun you . and I will make sure no one forget the pain you cause I . nick debate the truth of this . * he Fe hhh of * * 256 257 258 259 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 152. nick * I do not want to deal with you groupy outside . but as soon as * they go , I go . amy give it the night . sleep on it . * int . bedroom ~- night 256 amy , dress for bed , slip under the cover and pat the spot beside she . nick pull the cover over she . nick * be there ever a baby ? * amy * there can be . * Nick turn to leave . the room be day - bright from the cameras * outside . Amy smile at the glow . int . guest room - night 257 Nick enter the pristine , over - pillow room . lock the door . int . dunne front yard — morning 258 * Nick be again take out the trash . as in we first shot , he * look ill and angry . title card : august 15 , 2012 one day home int . kitchen - morning 259 nick walk in ; amy be in a apron , cooking a crepe . she look * straight out of good housekeep . amy hello , handsome ! ellen ( 0.s. ) she be he dream girl . 260 261 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 153. int . drury lodge ballroom - night 260 on a big -screen tv , ellen abbott be roaring on about she new villain : desi colling . ellen and when this spoiled , rich , entitle little boy could not have she ? he take she . it disgust I ... Nick walk past without even look . the former find Amy dunne headquarters be be dismantle . over Amy 's '' missing '' poster be the happy word : found ! Champagne be pop . News camera be everywhere . nick pass rand and marybeth with two glass of champagne . the three watch Amy , snap photo with fan . nick say the next line cheerily enough . nick you two must be proud . he sweep past , try to pull she from the clutch of reporter . reporter one Nick , what 's next for you and Amy ? amy right now , it 's all about we marriage . if two people love each other and can not make it work , that 's the real tragedy . cameras flash . Amy whisper sweetly into Nick 's ear . amy ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) kiss my cheek . now . he kiss she cheek . she take she champagne from he . int . truck stop diner - day 261 nick sit with go , boney and tanner at a booth . Air of subterfuge . a tabloid from the '' Amy found ! '' event sit on the table : Nick kissing Amy on the cheek . headline : '' amy dunne : it 's all about we marriage ! '' go you can not live in the same house as that spider . title card : august 20 , 2012 * oe ee ok * gg - pink revise 9/15/13 154. six day home nick right now I can not live anywhere but in that house . when the media go - go when exactly do you think the media will disappear ? this thing 's only get bigger . on tv : amy-mania around the world . we see a crowd in China all wear amy t-shirt . boney ( point at tv ) people love she story : bad guy dead , husband repentant , golden girl home . tanner mess with it , they will come look for blood . nick ( whisper ) she tell I she murder desi . not self defense . murder . go can not we wire he ? boney I can not get a wire . we have the national spotlight on we , and we stain the rug . nick it would not work anyway . go she tell you once . before . nick we be in the shower . tanner can not help himself . tanner I swear to god , you two be the most fuck - up people I have ever know . and I specialize in fuck - up . ( more ) gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 155. tanner ( cont 'd ) I mean , you and Amy in the same house ? I should pitch it as a reality show . nick great entertainment advice . what 's you legal opinion ? tanner my legal opinion be : do not ever turn you back on you wife . nick no , my wife must always be face . the crowd hush as amy show up on tv : Reporters have surround she as she try to slip inside a grocery store . on tv : amy Nick and I have have we bad patch , we dark day . but I thank you for forgive he for what he do and for support we new , happy life together . you encouragement mean the world . tanner damn , she 's good . go it 's a spinoff . amazing Amy and the humble husband . tanner rise . tanner the devote dunne . i’1l stay tune . ( to go ) take care of this guy , ok ? nick you be leave ? tanner you be not at risk anymore . nick I be the definition of '' at risk . '' he ew of * a * oe 262 263 264 265 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 156. tanner you have a book deal , Lifetime movie- franchise the bar ? you be golden . you should thank she . he laugh at that , pat Nick on the shoulder . tanner ( cont 'd ) remember : do not turn you back . he leave . go elvis have leave Missouri . int . nick be room - night 262 4 be time . nick get out of bed . unlock he door . int . dunne house - upstair hallway - night 263 he sneak past Amy 's door . go downstairs . int . dunne house - live room ~ foyer - night 264 he look out at the media van , encamped . he hear something behind he , turn around to see amy ghostly in she nightgown . title card : september 18 , 2012 five week home amy ( 0.8 . ) what be you do ? nick could not sleep . amy come on , let I tuck you back in . int . guest room - night 265 Amy be tucking Nick into bed . he be scan she : he can not forget desi and the boxcutter . amy Nick . you know you can sleep with I , right ? 266 gg - pink revise 9/15/13 157. nick I need time . amy I would never hurt you . I do need you to participate though . that 's fair , right ? Nick nod . amy ( cont 'd ) Marriage be about communication . show I you understand . Nick put he finger to he chin . nick right . int . the bar - day 266 nick , go , and boney . boney be aim toward the door . nick what if I tell the truth . title card : october 16 , 2012 nine week home boney hold up a tabloid : nick and amy : a second chance at Love . the photo of they be adorable . boney you could try it , but I do not think you have have much peace afterward . nick I do not have peace now . go can you ask they to re-fingerprint - boney sigh : she 's now about to deliver the bad news . boney I can not do anything . it 's with the fed . they be do . so I have to be do . order . ( pause ) I get a kid to feed , you know ? 267 268 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 158. nick I know . boney I be sorry . nick do not be . boney linger for a moment . then head toward the door . boney her name 's Mia , by the way . nick look over at she : what ? boney be walk out the door . boney ( cont 'd ) my kid . you ask I once . her * name 's Mia . for what it 's worth . and boney 's go . it 's just go and nick . * nick hold up another tabloid photo : nick and Amy hand in * hand in the park , laugh . nick * remember what Mom always say ? tell the truth and shame the devil . he think , stare at the photo of false happiness . nick ( cont ’d ) fuck it . let everyone take side . * go team Nick , team Amy . nick sell some fuck t-shirt . int . dunne bathroom - day 267 Nick assess himself in the mirror . camera ready . flush . nick my wife be a lie , murderous sociopath . int . dunne kitchen - day 268 Amy be pour coffee as he sit . they look like happy Middle - * american married . 269 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 amy we should hold hand . not the entire time , but on and off throughout . she sit next to he . weave she hand in he . title card : November 6 , 2012 twelve week home amy ( cont 'd ) now : '' how do it feel to have you wife back , Nick ? '' nick '' fantastic . how often do a guy get a real second chance ? '' amy fantastic 's a little flippant . nick '' amazing ? '' Amy rise , begin tidy up . amy I will need you to admit that you get the credit card , you hide that stuff at go 's and you do push I . I need that three thing from you to feel safe . Nick just stare at she : he can not say it . amy ( cont 'd ) you need to own this , Nick . nick I know exactly what to say . the doorbell ring . int . dunne live room - afternoon the door open onto : a grin ellen abbott . he let the vampire into he house . ellen I appreciate you give I this time , Nick . 159 . 269 270 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 160 . nick you call I a murderer . ellen I go where the story go . nick you imply I have carnal relation with my sister . ellen I say you two be close . nick you say I be a sociopath . ellen dig through she bag . she pull out a robot kitten . ellen to go with you robot dog . Little ice breaker . Nick stare stonily at she . toss it on the stair . the camera crew begin set up in the live room . nick I will get Amy . int . dunne bedroom ~- evening 270 amy and nick on the bed . between they be a gift-wrapped BOX . nick I do not want another gift from you , ever . amy open it . he open it , slowly , dread , and pull out : a pregnancy stick , with a bright blue positive sign . nick I have not touch you . amy you do not need to . she wait for he to figure it out . nick the notice of disposal . you throw it out . gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 161. amy the notice , yes . she take he hand and put it on she belly . amy ( cont 'd ) size of a lentil . nick I want a blood test . I want a paternity test . amy I love test . a long , sick moment . nick you can not make I raise a child with you , Amy . I do not love you . amy because you stop try . nick we be toxic . we complete each other in the sickest possible way . amy you think you could ever be happy with a nice , normal woman ? no , baby . I be it . I complete you . I be the only one who can . nick Amy : no. amy stay with I and I will make you happy . you know I can . I have kill for you . nick have she by the throat . she stare calmly at he . they be eye to eye . but : of course he can not kill she . finally he unhand she . they both gasp for breath . amy ( cont 'd ) you can run away like a boy , or stay . raise you child . be the man you want to be . it 's you choice , Nick . off screen : the SOUND of sobbing to + he hof ee ok oe gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 162. 271 omit - int . dunne live room - evening 271 * 272 int . go 's house - night 272 go be on the floor , against the live - room wall , cry . go I will not watch you play house with that thing for the next 18 year . nick I can not walk away . * go you could get custody . nick I would not . go , it 's my child . I * have to stay . * go * you want to stay . * nick * I have a responsibility . this be not * just about I anymore . * go * you want to stay with she . * silence . he do not deny it . * go ( cont 'd ) you be break my heart . nick go , please . I need my voice of reason . I need to know you be with I . she lean against he shoulder . go I be with you before we be even bear . on tv : we see outtake of the ellen abbott interview . nick * after so much darkness we have come out united . we communicate . we be * honest . we be partner in crime . * 273 gg - Blue draft - 8/29/13 163. amy and ellen , I be happy to announce on you show : soon we will be parent . ellen yelp with joy . amy and ellen hug across nick . int . bedroom - night 273 they lie down side by side on the marital bed . Nick be stare at the back of Amy 's head , just as in the open . nick ( 0.s. ) what be you think ? how be you feel ? what have we do to each other ? what will we do ? Amy turn , and give he a haunt smile . fade to black . *