gone in 60 second by Scott rosenberg 4/6/99 " I wonder , " toad say to himself presently , " I wonder if this sort of car start easily ? " next moment , hardly know how it come about , he find that he have hold of the handle and be turn it . as the familiar sound break forth , the old passion seize on toad and completely master he , body and soul ... he increase he pace , and as the car devoure the street , he be only conscious that he be toad once more , toad at he best and high . and he sped he know not whither , fulfil he instinct , live he hour , reckless of what might come to he ... " -- Kenneth grahame , " the wind in the willow " " all the redemption I can offer , girl , be beneath this dirty hood ... " -- Bruce springsteen , " thunder road " fade in : ext . long beach STREET - lower grand - night the street be empty . low fog skim the sidewalk below a gray stew of a sky . it 's slightly fuzzy , slightly surreal . the vast Port of Los Angeles be visible in the b.g ... no car park here ... no car except - a '67 shelby mustang gt -500 Silver with deep grill , its sculpture side panel end in air scoops ... all cock and ball , it stand alone in the lonely cool before dawn ... a old - school totem to speed and style ... and then someone approach ... through the mist of morning ... in leather coat and jack boot ... he 's early 30 , with the vaguely whimsical confidence of a shimmer that refuse to fade ... this be randall raine , whom they call memphis - though know one 's quite sure why ... but they do know he 's the auto-boost in Southern California ... Memphis approach the mustang with a gather awe ... like a desert crash survivor come upon a oasis ... he walk around it ... admire it ... adoring it ... but then a firebird pull up alongside he . its driver - atley jackson , early 30 , handsome , jocular lean out for : atley jackson you gonna steal she or kneel down to she and pray -- ? Memphis look at he , still enthralled ... atley jackson ( cont would ) I know , I know ... it 's Eleanor ... just take she , slick . - - and atley drive off slowly , Memphis look this way and that ... no one about ... he remove a slim jim from a deep pocket in he coat ... he slim the door panel ... pop the button ... open the door ... watch he work . Quick as shit . a screwdriver appear another pocket ... he pop the butterfly to the ignition a ratchet appear ... he strip the mechanism ... now a gizmo - a , small socket - like device - be press into the ignition ... a twist of the wrist ... and the 320 - bhp 289 v8 rumble like a jackhammer . the whole thing take 20 second . he take a cassette tape from another pocket ... slap it into the deck . Bruce springsteen 's " ramrod " wail from the coaxial . and Memphis floor it ... and off they tear ... the look on he face suggest a supreme satisfaction ... a grand re-awaken of long - dormant pleasure center ... a speed Jones , fix and fumy ... he slot in behind atley Jackson 's firebird ... and slotting in behind Memphis , in a Z - 28 , be donny astricky , mid-30s ... on they go ... the fore and aft car provide escort ... except that , from seemingly out of nowhere -- a police car appear behind they ... and donny instantly go into diversionary tactic ... he race through a stop sign ... and the cruiser 's bubbles flash on ... and donny be pull - over ... atley and Memphis drive on in they respective vehicle ... the uniform cop get out of he car , go to donny . donny Problem , Officer ? policeman yes . you be under arrest -- ? donny for run a stop sign ? policeman for Grand theft Auto - and off of donny 's look -- we go to Memphis in the Shelby ... as four cruiser come speed toward he , siren wail ... quick shot of Memphis racing the Shelby through the early morning harbor town street ... siren peel ... Memphis turn up the music ... pin the gas ... the chase be on ... Memphis maneuver the mustang with a dazzle aplomb ... Memphis gutterball the car , skate the shoulder , the cop in heavy pursuit ... and now he 's pick up another cruiser ... he pass atley Jackson , head in the opposite direction ... atley have pick - up a pair of cruiser himself ... Memphis on a straightaway now , speed up , feel the boost . but up ahead , a roadblock have form ... how would they get that deploy so fast ? and behind he , the unmark blaze ... gun he bitch ... straight at the roadblock .. Three cruiser and a portable wooden barricade ... Memphis pin she ... zooooom ! Dead - on to the roadblock ... and , at the last moment , as the cop dive out of the way , Memphis bang the gear shift into neutral -- yank the parking brake -- and the mustang spin on the straight -- screech spin ... and Memphis take the hard left ... and he 's manage to outrun they ... find himself above lower Grand ... look down ... he can see the secondary pursuit down below ... atley be chase ... in the distance - atley be launched from the shoulder , the firebird roll down a drainage culvert ... landing with a sicken thud on its back . Memphis be horrify . ext . lower grand - later rescue team presence . atley be haul out of the wreck ... his leg be a tear mess ... he 's barely conscious ... a cuffed donny astricky be drag to a wait cruiser ... a police car pull up ... and out step detective roland castlebeck of G.R.A.B. the Governor 's Regional auto-theft Bureau . castlebeck be mid-50s , black , saturnine . - but do not let the tacit nobility fool you - the man 's a street viper ... castlebeck go to another cop - hawking .. hawking astricky . and Jackson . no sign of raine ... detective castlebeck well , then it 's all for naught , be not it , hawking ? castlebeck look out over the mess ... and then look up ... because , further down lower Grand , a car be park . it be the Shelby . with Memphis lean against its hood ... castlebeck look around he , but no one 's notice . so he walk toward it , hand on hip ... detective castlebeck I know you -- memphis you know my back - detective castlebeck you want to come along quiet ? memphis how 's atley -- ? detective castlebeck leg 's all bang - up . he make a stupid play ... he will limp around the yard up at folsom . but astricky will be there to take care of he . with they prior , they be look at a serious bounce -- memphis let they go -- detective castlebeck how 's that ? memphis let they go . and I will leave ... detective castlebeck you will leave -- ? memphis you do not have anything on I . a misdee auto-theft . I get no record . I will be out in three day , and back at it . or you let they go , and I give you my word . I be go . and without the ringleader ... you tee-times have just grow exponentially ... detective castlebeck I do not golf ... and they stare at each other , as castlebeck consider . detective castlebeck ( cont would ) I do this . and I see you again . I will come after you with everything I get . you will not be able to steal a glance at a blind man without I by you side ... memphis you have my word ... detective castlebeck get out of here , then . now . and Memphis make to get into the Shelby ... detective castlebeck leave the car , randall ... Memphis nod ... take one last look at the Shelby ... sorry to leave it behind ... and he run off into the mist of lower Grand ... castlebeck walk back toward the crime - scene tumult ... detective castlebeck arright , let lim go . cite he for roll the stop ... and cite old atley for drive to endanger ... hawking what be you talk about , rollie ? we be spring them ? just like that ? detective castlebeck just like that . quit you bellyach , hawking ... and let 's wrap this up ... and off of donny 's surprised look , as springsteen wail to crescendo and we CUT to : ext . independence , california - day - 6 year later some 400 mile North of Los Angeles , Independence be a one horse town , and the horse have die ... single stop light , single - engine firehouse , single everything . norman rockwell would find this burg a snooze .. - we settle on a small , garage ... the peel sign read : " l.n. orr automotive " own and operate by Memphis raine ... in blue coverall , Memphis have a plymouth duster up on the lift ... with he be a kid - tom , 19 ... lightnin ' hopkins ' " automobile blue " play through -- memphis you know what you get here ? tom not really - memphis there 's excessive resistance in the cranking circuit ... you know what you gotta do -- ? tom not really -- memphis you have any other answer besides " not really " ? tom not -- memphis right . you want to test the voltage drop ... use the voltmeter ... remove the primary lead from the ignitioncoil and crank she ... see what you get ... you understand -- ? Tom start to say " not really " . instead , he nod . Memphis take a root beer from a old - style machine . he go out ... front ... to where a old Denver pyle-coot - budgy - sit on a bench , smoking a unfiltered lucky ... Memphis sit beside he , pet the 200 - year - old dog that lounge nearby ... budgy just can not find good help this day -- memphis ( be : cigarette ) that thing will kill ya , budgy -- budgy they will not have a chance . the bourbon and bacon'll get I first ... budgy cackle ... Memphis look out at the dusty little hamlet ... budgy point at a pass car ... budgy ( cont would ) that one - memphis 1980 mercury cougar . 255 cubic inch v8 ... base on the Ford thunderbird bodyshell ; they modify the chassis , but do not improve its performance ... budgy point at another car ... and we get the sense they play this game every day ... memphis ( cont would ) the 1970 plymouth Road runner . proof positive of a single all - powerful deity . the first bargain - priced muscle car ever . they even tune the horn to resemble the " beep beep " sound of the cartoon Road runner ... and budgy look impressed ... as always ... budgy damn , you be good Memphis nod ... sip he root beer ... budgy ( cont would ) you get to bingo last night ? Memphis look at he ... can not believe it himself ... memphis that I do , budgy . that I do -- and , from inside the garage , there 's the most horrific grind of metal on metal , as Tom have start the plymouth - tom ( o.s. ) uh ... randall -- ? memphis Excuse I -- Memphis go back into the garage , budgy cackle . CUT to : ext . rancho palos verde - business district a ford escort - drive through the upscale street of palo verde . Three kide , 20 , inside ... the driver be freb , a little dim ; in the back be mirror man , black , always wear that mirrore shade ... in the passenger seat be kip - Memphis ' young brother ... the car pull to a stop . Fancy store - all of they close - line this affluent business district ... freb consult a piece of paper ... freb the corner of hawthorne and granvia . tumbler mess up . he say the Lotus would be at the corner of hawthorne and granvia -- kip he do not mess up . there it be ... and he point ... to a corner build - exotic motor lot . twenty foot high glass - window surround a showroom of exotic dream car : porsch and ferraris , lamborghinis and bertone ... and - there it be , a 1996 lotus esprit v8 , gleam in the all - night showroom light ... freb and Mirror man be startle freb that -- ? mirror man you be shittin' , right ? kip ? he grin at they ... he be not shittin' ... freb how be we suppose to -- kip pop the trunk . I need my tool ... freb scowl ... pop the trunk ... kip get out ... go to the back ... freb and Mirror man share a spook -- mirror man what tool -- ? kip reach into the trunk .... come around to they ... he 's carry a brick -- mirror man ( cont would ) oh , no -- and kip walk toward " exotic Motors " ... calm and cool ... ten foot from it ... he wind up ... and hurl the brick at the window which explode on impact , a shower of glass raining down ... alarm squeal as kip walk into the showroom , glass crunching underfoot . freb and Mirror man can not believe it -- int . exotic motor kip go to the Lotus ... with nary a glance around , he 's get she open ... the Lotus ' alarm add its song to the choir ... kip , unmindful , get behind the wheel ... screwdriver to the mechanism ... the alarm raging in here ... in moment , the v8 's massive 349 bhp be bellow ... and Mirror man climb in beside he ... and off they go ... laying several inch of English rubber . over the break glass and out of the showroom ... ext . CITY street - palos verde - night the Lotus race through this street ... at high speed ... mirror man newsflash , kip : you be drive a steal car kip smile over the ascend speedometer -- kip yeah . ai not it great -- ? and he pin she ... vrooooom -- ! CUT to : a tennis ball be bounce against the wall ... caught ... bounced again ... thunk ! thunk ! thunk ! int . warehouse - long beach harbor - night a dozen purloin auto be park here ... and a number of shipping container ... a thuggish man read the paper ... the tennis ball bouncer be tumbler , 20 ... and he 's sit on a tilt back chair , and wall - bounce the ball and annoying the piss out of atley jackson whom we remember from the drop - car at we open ... atley walk with a limp now ... thunk ! thunk ! thunk ! atley jackson can you stop that , for chrissake ? tumbler what 's you problem , bro ? thunk ! thunk ! atley jackson where be they -- ? tumbler they will be here . you nervous , bro ? you ? back in the day , they say you have anti-freeze in they vein ... what happen -- ? and atley intercept the tennis ball ... and hurl it over to the far side of the warehouse ... tumbler merely grin ... tumbler ( cont would ) relax and enjoy -- ext . san pedro street - the lotus head for Long Beach ... stop at a light ... a camaro pull up next to they ... a kid behind the wheel , a blonde beside he ... kip eyeball they ... engine be revve ... Challenges be imply ... Mirror man panic ... mirror man stolen car , kip . stolen car , steal car , steal car ... kip stolen fast car ... and the light turn green ... and he pop the clutch ... and they be off ... it 's a good old fashioned drag race ... kip smile at the blonde ... Mirror man be freaking out ... kip 's eye be on fire ... he clock the speedometer ... kip ( cont would ) it 's calibrate for 140 ... let 's see if this british boy be full of shit or not -- mirror man no way , man -- yes , way . kip floor it . they bury the camaro in its wake ... the gauge rise ... 90 , 100 , 110 ... Mirror man be have a embolism ... they warp -speed by a police cruiser ... both kid totally unaware of the police chopper up on high ... with they in its sight ... and they drive ... at last , end up at -- the waterfront - a dark latticework of dock and wharve , warehouse and shipping crate ... the freighter be somehow graceful against the moonlit water ... int . warehouse tumbler study he watch ... now he 's a little concerned ... he look up ... atley be glaring at he ... atley jackson something wrong , tumbler -- ? tumbler yeah . I be miss springer -- and then the Lotus pull into the warehouse ... tumbler flash atley a " tell - you - so " smile ... kip and Mirror man get out of the car ... kip walk over to a clipboard with a magic marker tethere to it ... it be a list of car ... he draw a black line through " 13 ) 1996 Lotus esprit v8 " ... the other be clocking the car ... atley jackson she will go 0 to 60 in 4.9 second -- mirror man I can vouch for that . tumbler pass out 40 oz .s ... the vibe be celebratory ... tumbler thirteen down ... thirty - seven to go ... kip no problem - bottle be clink ... beer be sipped ... only , a hot white spotlight bore through the skylight ... and the whup - whup of the chopper 's rotors ... and now the sound of siren ... and the thuggish man get to he foot ... thuggish man let 's get outta here -- ! and they do ... head out the back ... it 's tough for atley with he limp ... on the way out : atley jackson now you go and do it , raine and they flee ... int . warehouse - later - night a half -dozen police car . the chopper do the usual spotlight-trail ... it 's turn into a total pig circus ... a car pull to a stop ... and out step detective roland castlebeck , whom we remember from we open ... int . warehouse castlebeck surmise the take ... the car ... his partner detective drycoff - a sneering irish boy with zero patience - come out from the back ... detective drycoff they be go ... castlebeck nod ... look at the car ... int . " l.n. orr automotive " - independence - dusk Memphis go through invoice in the cluttere back office . when a brand new purple mercede slk , window tinted , pull in out front . it look oddly anachronistic here in Independence . Memphis sense danger . he go out . budgy and he dog be here ... budgy look spook ... Tom , too ... memphis what 's go on -- ? and stand there , by the mercede , like a wraith , be atley jackson , in long leather coat , smoking a cigarette ... as out of place here as a maggot on a muffin ... atley jackson well , well , well ... and he begin to sing ... atley jackson ( cont would ) ( andy griffith theme ) da-doo-doo-doo-da-doo-doo-doo , etc. ( laugh ) be you kid I , man -- ? memphis hello , atley ... atley jackson ( be : sign ) l.n. orr . I get it . clever ... Memphis study he ... memphis how 's the leg ? atley jackson only hurt when I breathe . lookit you . where be barney fife and aunt Bea hang out ? and opie ... where 's opie at ? he laugh some more ... chain -light he cig ... memphis what be you do here ? atley jackson be there someplace we can talk ? Memphis look at he ... memphis what about ? atley jackson about you brother . and the deeeep shit he 's in -- int . teddy' tavern - night a barmaid set down a pitcher of beer and two mug ... waitress there you go -- memphis thanks , donna -- she leave ... atley be stare at he ... Memphis shrug ... atley jackson it 's be a long time , Memphis -- memphis six year ... atley jackson six year . shit . time fly , do not it ? six year ago we be fartin' through armani and pissin ' cristal . now look at we ... memphis tell I about kip - atley take a sip of he beer , ... atley jackson he take a job . and he fumble it . now he 's jamme - up . jamme - up bad ... memphis what kind of job ... ? atley jackson a boost . a big boost ... memphis a boost ? what 's kip do on a boost ? atley frown ... look at he ... atley jackson you be shittin' , right ? clearly Memphis be not ... atley jackson ( cont would ) kip 's become quite the little crewrunner since you leave . he 's be work a low - rent ring for two year now . you do not talk to you ma ? memphis it seem she neglect to mention it atley jackson maybe she do not know . although I do not see how that could be . maybe she do not want to upset you - memphis do not feel the need to explore my family dynamics , atley ... atley jackson the point be : kip 's be live the life . only he 's a wild child . crazy . make we old behavior seem like altar boy time . but he fungold this one so bad , folk around l.b. be already speakin ' about he in the past tense . Memphis take a beat ... sip at he brew ... then : memphis who be the job for ? atley jackson who do you think ? Memphis wait ... in no mood for guess game ... atley jackson ( cont would ) calitri , man . Raymond " the carpenter " calitri ... you favorite and mine ... which mean nothing to we ... though the look on Memphis , face speak volume ... atley jackson ( cont would ) I just think you should know , man . I kind of have a feel you do not . but I should tell you : I be work for he now - the carpenter - so if you see he , you will not mention I come to get you ... like I say : I just think ... I owed you ... and that it be the right thing to do ... Memphis nod ... his face clench in despair . we fade to black , as a super on-screen read : part 1 : stolen moment we pre - lap J. geil Band 's " hard - drivin ' man " and CUT to : three plate of bacon , egg and hash browns place on the service deck by a short - order cook ... int . ruby's all - nite - long beach - night a 24 - hour diner in the heart of Long Beach ... the three plate be pick - up with a impressive dexterity by helen raine early 60 , clear-ey ... in pink Ruby 's uniform and chunky shoe ... Black currant hair striate with wisp of gray ... helen deliver the plate to a booth of college kid ... kid can I get some more coffee -- ? helen raine sure , hon ... and she go to the coffee station ... when memphis ( o.s. ) who 's a guy gotta know to get a tuna melt in this joint -- ? and she turn around to see Memphis stand there . her expression display many thing ... most of they joy ... memphis ( cont would ) hello , ma -- and she go to Memphis ... wrap she arm around he ... squeeze tight ... helen raine ( cont would ) oh , randall ... she take he head in she hand ... kiss he cheek ... then the other ... hug on ... unmindful of the customer ... the cook smile from behind the order wheel ... cook what 's the word , Memphis -- ? memphis how ya do , Ruby -- ? helen raine come , come , come ... and she lead he over to a booth ... barking to the cook - ruby - on the way ... helen raine ( cont would ) tuna melt on pumpernickel . provolone , extra tomato , dijon ... and a chocolate milk ... lot of syrup ... ( to Memphis ) right ? memphis right ... and they settle in ... across the booth from each other ... she take he hand ... helen raine you look good ... memphis you , too , ma ... helen raine what be you do back ? memphis how 's kip ? and helen flush , a bit ashamed maybe ... helen raine have you see he ? memphis no . helen raine oh . memphis atley Jackson come to see I ... helen raine atley Jackson . how be that one ? how 's the leg ... ? he look at she ... beat ... memphis why do not you tell I ? helen raine I could not . I do not want you to worry . I think hold sort himself out . I hardly see he . he come and go . he 's in trouble , be not he ? memphis he 's in some trouble ... helen raine I know it . he 's change , randall . he 's a different boy . he 's lose that ... that sweetness ... it 's go ... and I do not know what to do ... memphis you get my check ... ? helen raine of course ... angle - ruby . he 's on the phone in the kitchen ... one eye on Memphis and helen -- ruby detective castlebeck ... it 's I ... yeah ... you be not never gonna guess who just come in to visit he ma -- back to - memphis and helen raine ... helen raine ( cont would ) you have not speak to he in a while , I guess ... memphis he do not return my call . or my letter ... helen raine kipling be sixteen when you leave , baby . I do not know what you remember of he . but you should brace yourself and , on she sad smile , we pre - lap sammy hagar 's " I can not drive 55 " and slam CUT to : int . " the side pocket " - pool hall - night a dozen table ... smell of blue chalk and whiskey ... the juke box cranke ... we take it to the back of the joint ... where kip , and tumbler and Mirror man be knock a rack ... freb sit nearby , with a few badly make - up girl ... tumbler ... so ... it 's my new move ... it 's call " the Stranger . " what I do be , I sit on my hand for 10 minute . till it fall asleep . till it 's good and numb . no feel . and then I jerk off . girl that 's disgusting - freb what 's the point , man -- ? tumbler cos it 's like you be bein ' do by a stranger ... it rock ... it 's the power move of the New millennium ... he sink another ball . a kid , 15 , toby - come up to they . toby hey , kip , what 's up ? kip what do you say , Toby ? , toby I be cool - tumbler what do you want , shithead ? toby why you gotta front I like that ? I be talk to kip -- tumbler why do not you leave he alone ? toby I know kip long than you , man ... tumbler oooh , be not you the lucky duck -- freb any word , kip -- ? kip no ... and they will not take my call ... freb what do that mean -- ? kip it be not what you would call a " good sign " he grok they fear ... kip ( cont would ) look - we manage to get 13 in a week . we just gotta step it up ... freb but we only get till Friday . that 's four day . and we lose the 13 . so 's we gotta start over ... kip look at he ... kip that , too ... ( off of freb 's look of fright ) do not sweat it , freb . we be cool . angle the front door . for Memphis have enter . he clock the room . see they at the rear ... walk back kip it can be do , man . we just gotta step it up ... it 's a challenge ... mirror man the challenge be not to get we nut cut - off and shove down we throat ... tumbler can I help you , pal -- ? and kip look up ... to see Memphis there ... memphis hey , kip ... kip hello , Memphis -- tumbler " Memphis ? " you be Memphis ? memphis that 's right ... tumbler damn . damn , damn , damn ... freb Memphis . Holy shit . it 's a honor , man -- and he pump he hand ... Memphis continue to stare at kip kip it 's good to see ya , man . you change you look - memphis you , too hold the stare ... the other be excited ... freb what be you do back , Memphis ? memphis Little visit . check on the family . kip it 's nice to see ya , man - he smile ... Memphis eyeball he ... Toby be there ... toby hey , Memphis . remember I ? Toby Walker . I live next door ... memphis sure . hey , Toby . you grow up toby yeah , I be cool ... and Memphis turn back to kip , who 's pick up a pool cue . kip who 's get next game -- ? and he make to rack them up ... then : mirror man I get it . you be not gotta be a genius : Memphis come back to save we bacon ! tumbler shut -up , Mirror man -- freb izzat true ? you come back to save we bacon ? mirror man of course it 's true . he come to save he brother 's dangle ass -- kip that can not be it . cos we do not need save freb we do not -- ? memphis he give you a advance -- ? mirror man Hell , yeah . ten larger man kip shoot he a look ... as if he 's speak out of turn ... memphis you just give ' im back the money . all 's well ... the other look glum ... kip laugh ... Long and hard ... kip " give lim back the money . " " give ' im back the money ... " be nice . if only we do not drink the money . and smoke the money . and buy nike with the money . and Sony play station with the money . and dirty girl with the money ... and kip sink a ball ... Memphis look at the other ... they nod ... it 's true ... the money 's go ... kip but do not worry , man . thing be all sweetness and light here ... tumbler thing be all leafy and suburban ... mirror man the hell they be -- kip sure they be . although we do appreciate the gesture , Memphis . but we do get it handle ... and it be nice to see you -- - Memphis nod ... look at all of they ... smile ... and then reach out , grabbing kip by the collar , yanking he to he foot and in close , nose to nose ... memphis you listen to I , baby brother . you fancy yourself some reat neat tough guy scumbum , well , woop - tee -doo , little puppy with a poundcake . but I remember the day when you use to steal my colorform and eat them ... so you can not stop I from save you " dangle ass ' if that 's what I feel like do ... and with that , he shove kip back down into he seat , toppling the table , bottle and glass crash ... and barrel away from they , the crowd parting like a wound ... kip 's crew leave stunne , flustered , and maybe a bit impressed ... tumbler damn ... homeboy 's on the dazzle ... and , off of kip 's furious look , we CUT to : ext . long beach harbor - night a chill in the air . Memphis walk toward a range of lowslung building ... ext . woodburn scrap and metal - night a virtual cityscape of dismantle automobile carcass , pile up high for as far as the eye can see ... a huge fork lift scoops up a wreck and haul it over to the crusher ... watch as the car be flattened , for easy shelving ... Midnight auto nonpareil ... to one side of the yard be a garage : watch as a honda accord , with a bloody windshield , enter the garage . a young mexican kid drive . a sign : " lock you car or it may be gone in 60 second ! " int . garage - chop shop a car be chopped ... pull apart ... fender , door , panel , interior , air bag ... ext . woodburn scrap and metal - front entrance Memphis knock on the door ... a dog-face man open it ... dog -face yeah -- ? memphis randall raine to see Mr. calitri ... int . woodburn scrap and metal Memphis follow dog-face to the back of this building . follow he into another room . which be a workshop a enormous woodworking shop , fully trick - out with state - of - the - art table saw and drill press , jointer and power plane . a antique treadle lathe stand in one corner . a stock layout of expensive wood - oak , birch , maple , cherry , mahogany - be stack against the rear wall ... jar and bottle and cake of glue , resin , stain and bleach cram a shelf unit ... there 's a man here , at a band see . this be raymond calitri , 59 ... he wear a apron , protective glass and a lopsided sneer . a Richard widmark motherfucker - with the diamond hard look of a cobra . the liegelord of downtown ... and now he work the a hand see , make critical cross-cuts on a wide panel of maple ... atley Jackson be here as well ... as noisy as it be out in the yard , in here , once the door be close , it 's as silent - as a tomb ... a bank of monitor on one wall show the car be crush and disassembled in the yard . Memphis be lead into the room . calitri nod and dog-face leave the room ... calitri smile ... examine he fresh cut ... calitri randall raine ... it 's be a long time ... ( look at he clothes ; ) frown ) ' though I do I recall you as a man with style . you remember you old friend , atley -- ? memphis how ya do ? atley jackson good to see you , Memphis -- calitri so . what do we owe the honor -- ? memphis it 's about my brother ... kip ... calitri yes ... kip ... he say the name like other man say " cancer . " the phone on he desk blink . calitri pick it up . listen . look at one of the monitor . where the mexican man be talk to several calitri employees . calitri hang up ... calitri Excuse I one moment , randall ... and he pick up a mortise chisel on he way out . palm it ... int . garage - the mexican man be sobbing . as Raymond calitri march toward he , glance at the bloody windshield . calitri you bring this to I in this condition ? blood and gut all over it ? you make I complicit ? on my property ? who teach you how to think ? and worst of all : be not there suppose to be two hondas ? thief please ... and calitri , rapid-fire , puncture the man 's belly and chest and leg with the chisel , old - school prison - shiv style ... until the man be on the floor , howling ... calitri stupid sonuvabitch ... int . calitri' workshop Memphis can - see this from one of the monitor . he look at atley ... atley jackson car-jacker . neglected to clean up after himself ... memphis Jesus ... atley jackson the business have change ... calitri be back , wiping the sweat from he brow with a rag . calitri now . where be we ? oh , yes . kip . memphis I do not want he hurt ... calitri look at he , then wave a hand around the shop ... calitri I be proud of this work . the bird feeder . the wagon wheel planter . the dollhouse . the drop-leaf movable server ... he gesture to each item - exquisitely - render woodwork . then gesture to the yard ... calitri ( cont would ) Metal . steel . it 's cold . Ugly . Wood be warm . clean . provide by nature . to see a piece of furniture take shape . it 's like watch a child grow ... Memphis glance to atley ... atley shrug ... memphis I be sure you be work you way to the point . I will wait right here ... calitri blink . smile . nod ... calitri my point . yes . simple , really . I require the best . I insist on the best . I only engage the best . you brother . his friend . they come to I . they want my paper . he be you brother . you be the best . now . they have bring so much goddamn heat down , I may not be able to fill this order . which would be very bad for I . which in turn , be very bad for they ... memphis I could kill you . that occur to I . when I first hear about this . that I would kill you ... calitri grow up . you do not kill people like I . people like I die in they sleep at 87 ... do you know why ? because if you do kill I , and everyone know it be you - for the next ten year they would be find piece of that you love scattered all over California ... Memphis nod , note a pistol , rest on a shelf nearby . calitri ( cont would ) no , no . you do not kill I , because you can not . you do not take you brother and run , because we would find he . you do not go to the-police , because we have friend there , too . you do nothing : except deal with I . Memphis eye he ... memphis I can come up with the front money . pay you back ... calitri be it only that easy . I have obligation . the order need to be fill ... calitri take a manila envelope from he desk ... hand it to Memphis , who take out the single sheet of paper inside . calitri ( cont would ) on that list , you will find fifty car . fifty . five -zero . they range in age from the 1956 Ford thunderbird to the 1999 Toyota camry ; and in expense from the 1993 volkswagen jetta to the 1988 lamborghini countach . fifty car . five -zero . Memphis scan the list ... look up at calitri ... calitri ( cont would ) there be a container ship in Long Beach Harbor . pier 14 . ready to be load with 4 - car-per shipping container , false - wall and customsprofiled as motor oil designate . the ship leave in four day for South America and the man who have tender I this contract ... memphis they give you only four day ? calitri they give I two week . I waste most of it with you brother and he crew , who not only lose what pitiful few they manage to boost , but also alert the heat as to we endeavor , make this even more difficult to achieve ... Memphis scan the list ... calitri ( cont would ) four day . 50 car . I be pay 200 thousand dollar ... now Memphis look up ... memphis I be not interested -- calitri I know you would say that . memphis I be just here about my brother . calitri I know you would say that , too -- calitri smile ... Memphis ' look at he ... at atley realizing the trap ... memphis sound it out for I . calitri you brother have four day . fifty car . five -zero . for that he get 200 large ... memphis and if he do not make it -- ? calitri go to one corner of the shop ... take a tarp off of a full couch mahogany casket ... calitri I make this , too . my first one . brass extension handle , not plate . the covering be silk , not rayon . expensive hardwood . and line with spray green lorraine crepe ... Memphis wait , know where this be go -- calitri ( cont would ) yes , yes . I make it for young kip . in case he fail . at 8:00 Friday morning , if that ship set off without my fifty ... kip will take up permanent residence in this box ... calitri wall switch and the a corrugate steel sliding door be raised , revealing a loading dock face the back of the yard ... two men be work out there ... digger and butz scuzzy dude , mid-30s and dress in dirty coverall ... calitri ( cont would ) come here for a second , boy -- and they come over -- digger evenin ' , Mr. C . -- calitri digger , butz : let I introduce you to randall raine . use to head up the dandiest ring in Southern Cal . Left we for part unknown . randall , this be digger . and that 's butz - digger hi , randall -- Memphis say nothing . calitri grin ... nod to digger a butz , who go back to work ... calitri digger and butz will be in charge of burial . they be good boy ... Memphis ' look be cold and furious ... plaintive : memphis I do not want they hurt . any of them ... calitri " do not want " the dodger to lose or the summer to end . but we do not get to choose this thing ... atley hit the wall - switch and the steel door slide shut . calitri turn to Memphis ... calitri ( cont would ) " nothing that 's force can ever be right . " Old woodwork expression . I really do not care how the 50 get onto my ship ... I just care that they do . you decide . with that , he put he protective glass back on - and fire up a abrasive- disc - finish machine , adjust the miter gage and beginning to sand the outside curve of a angle chamfer . ext . helen raine ' house - establishing - night a small New England - style shingle and clapboard , up on a hill overlook the port . a small guest -house behind it ... int . helen raine ' house helen clear away the dinner dish ... the tv be on . the news . we see a crime scene ... reporter ... the car-jack , which leave ramona Sullivan , the 44 - year- old mother of three , dead , occur last night at ... Memphis glance to the tv ... grimace ... he look out the window ... at the sedan park below ... ext . raine ' house - night Memphis come out ... move to the sedan park across the street ... it be detective castlebeck and drycoff ... detective castlebeck I know you . memphis you know my back . they get out of the car ... the view of San pedro from up here be a spectacular bedspread of light ... detective drycoff when would you get to town , raine ? memphis the other day .... detective drycoff what for ? memphis no particular reason . catch a laker game . I hear we get shaquille ... detective drycoff where you be , anyway ? memphis just out there . roaming around . Building up my collection of refrigerator magnet ... detective drycoff you seem a little hink - up ... memphis not at all ... he and castlebeck lock eye ... castlebeck take a pear from he coat pocket ... set to polish it ... detective castlebeck I remember we have make some kind of deal , randall . I do not remember this deal have some kind of time - limit . I look at you - here - in my town - and I be confuse ... memphis a little family emergency -- detective castlebeck I hope it 's not you dear sweet mother ... memphis no ... detective castlebeck or you baby brother . what be he name ? memphis kip . detective castlebeck yes , kip . short for kipling . name for the English writer of storey about India ... he bite into he pear ... Memphis say nothing , wait ... detective castlebeck ( cont would ) I get a rash of thefts . a new crew be make noise . we recover a big take - last week ... memphis and this have what to do with I ? detective castlebeck I do not know . but you should not be here . take care of you business . I will give you 24 hour . and then I do not want to see you face . ever again . make a fool of I once , that 's my bad . make a fool of I twice . that 's really my bad , and I will kick you ass from here to India ... castlebeck give he a long look ... as they walk back to the car ... detective castlebeck good . cos you know how it play . six year ago , I let you go free . but the next time ... the next time send you away for 'a long , long while ... detective drycoff by the time you get out , asshole , there will not even be car . we will all be cruisin ' around in space ship ... he laugh ... and they drive off ... Memphis watch they go ... once they be go ... he walk ... ext . " the side pocket " - back alley exit - night kip come out of the club ... Toby follow ... toby you goin ' home ? kip yeah ... you want a ride ... toby sure - kip how would you get here ? you mom give you ride -- ? toby Hell , no . I boost a ' vette . kip you boost a ' vette ? then where be it ? toby I dunno . it be right here . someone musta ' boost it back ... kip damn crook be everywhere -- they smile ... and go to kip 's tran am ... toby ( cont would ) Memphis seem weird , huh ? what 's with they clothes ? he a farmer now or something ? and this seem funny to kip ... he smile .. kip yeah . except the only thing he 's grow be old ... and they be fronted by two goons ... who toss they up against the wall ... kip ( cont would ) what do you want -- ? one of the goons sock Toby in the gut . Toby double over . kip strain to intervene , but he goon hold he back -- kip do not you do that ! you leave he alone ! goon shaddup , raine kip he 's get nothing to do with this -- and the goon punch he in the face . and kip go down . and out . goon get he in the car ext . woodburn scrap and metal - night kip come to . in he car . hot white light blind he . the tran be be in the crusher . figure above he . calitri . the goons ... calitri hello , kip -- kip try to get out . the door be pin by the forklift . kip lemme out of this -- calitri be it only that easy -- kip we can still do it -- calitri nod ... and the crusher press ... the roof cave a bit ... kip be close to scrunch ... calitri no you can not . fly on sherbert be what you remind I of . because just be attract to something , do not mean you belong ... int . calitri' woodshop atley be here , watch calitri and kip. one of the monitor . he 's miserable . but there be nothing he can do . ext . scrapyard - night kip continue to struggle free ... kip listen , calitri -- calitri call I " Ray . " better yet : call I " asshole . " cos that 's how you have treat I -- kip I get out of this I be gonna fuck you up -- calitri do have to admire the stone on the kid . but. another nod . another crusher - press . another scrunch ... kip ( cont would ) calitri -- ! nothing . silence . kip peer through the slit that the side window have become ... only they be go ... and there be another awful noise ... kip strain to discern its origin ... only he can not get the angle ... we can . it 's a huge crane , tip with a gripping claw ... it be maneuver over the tran be ... grasp it . . . and lift it into the AIR ... kip , terrify , inside ... and , as the crane dangle the tran be toward the black water of the harbor , we CUT to : int . helen raine ' house - kitchen Memphis be at the kitchen table . the list of car before he . he 's make notation . he get to he foot ... he go to check on he mother ... she 's asleep in she room ... he close the door ... and go back to the kitchen . he go to a frame photograph - of he and kip . earlier time . happier time . when there be a enormous thud ! from outside . Memphis go to a window . see a ramp truck unload a gnarled blob of metal . Memphis run outside . just as the ramp truck drive off ... Memphis go to the mangle tran be ... leans down ... and there 's kip ... seriously smoosh in the flatten car . memphis kip -- ? kip yeah ... memphis you all right -- ? kip I think so . there 's thing I can not feel right now . like my foot . but ... you think you can get I outta this , Memphis ? I would appreciate it - memphis just hold - on there -- Memphis go to the garage ... find a crowbar , a acetylene torch , tin-snip ... he go back to the wreck car ... and set to work ... he look at kip ... shake he head ... memphis ( cont would ) so you want to run that part by I again about thing be " all sweetness and light ... " kip this have nothing to do with any of that -- memphis oh . you maybe have more than one enemy who own a car-crusher -- ? kip all my enemy own car crusher . it 's like a pre-requisite ... Owwww ... memphis easy ... take it easy ... we be almost there ... indeed ... Memphis have freed he ... kip crawl from the wreckage ... his clothes in tatter ... blood seep from a variety of contusion ... he limp ... Memphis help he to the guest house ... int . kip' guest house - later - night small , cluttere ... poster of kurt cobain , a sky kobe Bryant , pamela Anderson , two nude girl drape over a glitter lamborghini espada , etc . there 's a fish tank ... and a big-screen tv , on which the laker be currently defend a high -speed Boston celtic fast - break ... Memphis sit on a ratty couch before the tv ... kip come out of the bedroom ... he 's change clothes ... he wear clunky fur-line moon boot , leopard - skin speedo and a tshirt ... he look slightly ridiculous ... throughout the scene , Memphis should be study kip , as if he 's see he for the very first time ... and wait for the inevitable crack ... memphis you okay -- ? kip totally . I be fine . you want a beer , man -- ? memphis sure -- and kip limp toward the refrigerator ... he come back with two beer ... hand one to Memphis ... glance at the tv -- kip you like kobe 's game ? I do . you think he 's heir apparent to mj ? I do . he speak fluent italian , you know ? so he 's get that go for he -- and a cut on kip 's forehead start to bleed ... kip grab a towel ... press it to he head -- memphis you sure you be okay -- ? kip yeah , man . where be you beer ? Memphis hold it up ... kip nod ... there be a pile of ignition on the table ... kip pick one up , absently begin try to strip it ... kip cool . so you be live up North ? memphis yeah - kip I hear you be pump gas - memphis something like that - kip you be kind of cultivate a new look . memphis yeah -- beat ... they watch the game ... kip replace the soak towel with another ... memphis ( cont would ) maybe you need a stitch -- kip Nah . it 's a scratch . memphis okay -- beat ... kip hey , you want something to eat ? memphis what do you get ... ? and kip hoist himself painfully to he foot ... limp over to the ' fridge ... Memphis watch he , a slight grin at kip 's attempt at cool ... kip peer into the ' fridge ... kip not much . I get olive . you like olive ? kalamata olive rule , I think . ma like the calabrese . it 's more mellow and he bring over a bowl of olive . memphis there 's certainly a time and a place for a mellow olive - kip yeah , yeah . that 's what I be think -- and they nibble on they . kip bite into one ... and the juice sting he crack lip ... but he disguise he grimace as a appreciative nod ... and for a moment , they nibble olive and drop pit into a ashtray ... then : memphis so what be you gonna do ? kip about what ? memphis " about what ? " kip about calitri ? no worry , man . I will call he . he 's a reasonable dude ... memphis I can see that - and Memphis glance out the window . to the crush car . kip catch the glance , glance himself , choose to ignore it . memphis ( cont would ) you have everything ... under control ? kip yeah . he just want to know I be still on it . he need reassurance . all this big swinging dick do . no worry . I will not let he get into we Kool - Aid ... kip shrug ... pick up another olive ... remember the pain ' of the last one ... drop it back in the bowl ... Memphis be stare at he , disgust ... kip feel it ... kip ( cont would ) what -- ? memphis what happen to you ? kip what ? and now Memphis get to he foot ... pace the place ... memphis you just get crush in a car . you be bleed all over you self . and you sit there - eat olive and talk basketball , as if , at this very moment , people be not plotting you demise ... kip c'mon , man ... my " demise ... " ( chuckle ) overreaction memphis " over - - " you know - I can maybe understand , since I be go , you take up this dumb -ass life of crime , and for that I can partly blame myself . but what be baffling to I , be how , since I be go , you have become a complete and total moron -- kip hey , now - memphis he 's gonna kill you -- ! kip I can handle it -- memphis you can handle it ? kip I can handle it -- memphis you can handle it ? kip I can handle it -- memphis you ? kip me. memphis you ? kip I ... beat ... hold the look ... kip shift in he chair ... even this hurt ... he try to hide the wince ... Memphis go to the window , look out at the harbor below ... beat ... then : kip ( cont would ) why ? you think you can help I ? and he turn back to kip ... kip ( cont would ) what can you do ? you have not do anything in six year but pump gas and go overall shopping . and the car , they have change ... there 's new shit . Computer chip key and sophisticated alarm and I do not think , a old guy , could much bypass them ... memphis you do not think so , huh ? kip not really ... but you know ... maybe I be wrong ... and the brother look at each other ... in the pale glow of the tv ... for a long beat ... and then we will CUT to : ext . long beach harbor - cannery / fish auction - day a rack of eel and octopus hang out to dry in the salty sun ... Memphis walk with atley Jackson past the bustling commercial fishing hubbub : portuguese fishermen unload albacore and bluefin from they ship 's hold ; Greek fishermen empty mackerel and halibut from they nylon trawl net ; they women gut , clean and fillet ... as they walk , atley be select fish from the various mariner ... who wrap it up for he ... he place it in a leather satchel ... everyone seem to know he ... atley jackson nicolo , how 's the yellowtail today ? a old fisherman , who speak break English , wrap up several steak ... fisherman very nice , atley . very nice ... atley jackson you can not get it any fresher than this , Memphis ... from the sea to my skillet ... nothing in between ... memphis what 's with the fish thing -- ? atley jackson we can learn something from we asian friend . they smoke a thousand cigarettes a day ; they be completely stress and overworked ; they drink like , well ... memphis Fish . atley jackson and they still have the lowest rate of cancer of anywhere in the world . you know why ? all they eat be seafood . memphis also , never underestimate the restorative power of " karaoke . " atley jackson I do a poach number . six -ounce fillet in a saucepan of brine . in 8 minute , I could cater a goddamn wedding . plain but flavorful . and it 's a good way to show off my hollandaise sauce ... memphis you have a hollandaise sauce ? atley jackson I do ... ( laugh ) Christ , what happen to we ? memphis speak for yourself , boss I do not have a hollandaise sauce atley jackson no , but you dress like a asshole ... they walk ... memphis I think about that night a lot ... atley jackson I , too . every time I walk ... memphis how they be just there ... wait on we ... the fix be definitely in ... nothing from atley ... they walk ... Memphis look at he . memphis ( cont would ) yeah , you know : I just . I just never really thank - you . I mean to . I just want you to know ... Memphis nod . atley shrug , and select some halibut filet . memphis ( cont would ) tell he it 's on ... atley look at he ... atley jackson yeah -- ? memphis yeah tell he to lay off kip and they tell he it 's on atley nod ... atley jackson any idea how you be gonna go at it ? Memphis look at he ... shake he head ... fade to black . as a super on -screen read : part ii - back to wrong ext . otto' auto - night the hustle and bustle of a full - service auto restoration operation ... dig the 157 chevy , as a orange diamond tuck and roll with orange fur interior be install ... dig the 153 corvette as its front and rear suspension be replace with coil and airshock ... dig the 150 merc , as its chrome be stripped off and the old paint sandblasted and hole braze ... all under the watchful eye of ... otto halliwell late 60 . a feisty grease - soak curmudgeon who beg the question : how the hell do they manage to rock together yoda and the ghost of walter Huston ... ? but he remain the Zen master of car and all that car be , be and can be ... his mix - breed mutt - hemi - lick he ball in one corner otto be currently airbrushing a candy - color , variegate design on the deck lid of a camaro ... it be painstake work ... but he be a artist ... his woman - junie - a tall blonde , early 40s , body of a thousand dance , wipe he brow , like a scrub nurse ... Memphis wander in ... otto see Memphis ... drop he brush ... he walk over to Memphis ... take he in he arm ... hug he close ... actually waltze he a few step ... Memphis be stunne at the transformation this place have go through ... otto be I die ? be all the angel of my life return to bid a final farewell ? ( hold he at arm 's length ) and have my angel completely lose they fashion sense -- ? memphis hello , otto ... otto you remember junie ? memphis of course . hi , junie -- junie hello , Memphis - memphis what happen here -- ? otto whatever do you mean ? memphis the chop-shop ... where be the stripped car ? the roll - back odometer ? the part bin ? otto what happen ? Old - age happen . I tired of kill they . I wake up one morning and think I be no longer a destroyer . I be a mean of resurrection . now . we restore . we revive . there be so few thing in this life , we can prevent from decay . most must die . this do not have to ... he call over to the mexican man work on the pick - up ... otto ( cont would ) it 's 3 coat of primer , 12 coat of black acrylic lacquer before lay out the flame ... and fill the cab top with mylar flake ... they will sparkle like star ... ( turn to Memphis ) randall , randall , randall ... you look splendid ... memphis you , too , otto and otto go back to the camaro ... to finish he work ... otto I hear rumor you be back . about kip ... memphis he 's get involved -- otto look up frustrated ... to junie otto ( o.s. ) I can not concentrate . play something , my sweetness ; my reason to rise ... and junie hit play on a cassette deck ... and , instantly , engine sound rip from the shop 's stereo speaker ... otto listen , as if it be a mahler symphony ... otto ( cont would ) the Ferrari 365 gtb / 4 daytona . at Le mans. 1971 . the quad - cam v12 . hear how they get the engine up ? hear that exhaust note ? that 's a very wide rev range ... here , it peak at 5500 rpm ... Memphis smile ... this eccentricity be old hat ... otto ( cont would ) Raymond calitri . he 's amplify much sorrow on this street ... memphis you think it can be do ? otto be you consider a comeback tour ? memphis tell I ... otto it can be do . take two day to shop ; one to prep . I will offer up my bible for a small fee . you also have to hope kip 's jerk - circus do not undo castlebeck 's linkage so much so that he 's set up surveillance team on every city block . and then get yourself a crew ... memphis the hard part ... otto " a people be a detour of nature to get 6 or 7 great man - yes , and then to get around they ... " nietzsche say that . memphis be he still work here ? otto the old crew . go find they . I can not help you with that . since I have clean up the act a bit , they no longer come around ... a pity how legitimacy make you unpopular - memphis I just do not know how happy they will be to see I otto have finish the camaro ... he look at Memphis -- otto I remember I have a 1964 buick opal . worst car ever build . value job . everything break and I - fix it . a coma car - build to german specs . plastic gas line . 3 speedometer head . on a quiet night , you could hear it rusting in the garage . but when that car be go , I miss it . if it come drive back in here right now , there would be tear and laughter ... memphis and the moral of that story be -- ? otto go to they . they will be happy to see you ... ahhh ... and he close he eye ... to listen to the Ferrari tape ... otto ( cont would ) ... 8.8:1 compression ... we pre - lap Simon and garfunkel 's " baby Driver " and CUT to : close on : a sign reading : " pleasure cruise drive school " atop a move dodge ary K. which be nearly side - swipe by a oncoming pick - up . a man howl in terror ... int . dodge - moving - CITY street - day a timid chinese girl - jenny , 23 - negotiate the vehicle at 10 &amp ; 2 . Riding shotgun , she howling instructor be donny astricky - 41 , whom we remember from six year ago . now he 's paunchy , with Ernie borgnine tough - guy-warmth . at one time , he kick out the jam . now he teach driver 's ed ... donny astricky pull over ! pull she the hell over ! Jenny pull the car over in a lopsided lurch ... donny astricky ( cont would ) put it in park . remember how to do that ? it 's the big " pff . she park it . he stab at the side- view mirror ... donny astricky ( cont would ) " object May appear closer than they seem . " can you say that for I ? jenny I be sorry . donny astricky you be not sorry . you be a horrible driver ... you can not strap into you seat belt , without almost get cream by a bus ... she start to cry ... donny soften ... donny astricky ( cont would ) aw , c'mon . it 's no big deal . you can not drive . you can not . time to acknowledge it and move on . I can not swim . I know I can not . so you know what I do ? I stay the fuck outta the pool ... ext . pleasure cruise drive school - day Memphis wait outside ... the Aries k come crawl toward he . donny get out of the car ... see Memphis ... donny astricky damn . Memphis raine . Long time ... memphis how you do , man ? donny astricky all I get be the oriental . they can build them , but they can not drive them so ? what be you do here ? what 's with the outfit -- ? memphis you know where the other be ? donny frown ... look close at Memphis ... then : donny astricky most of them be go . the dyar boy be do a nickel at chino ; Henry santoro and frankie Fish be move weight in Florida ; Bill doolin be kill in Denver ... atley Jackson 's on the gimp and runnin ' errand for calitri ; the sphinx be still around , I guess ... then of course , there 's ... his pause be meaningful ... memphis forget that ... donny astricky okay . figure it forget . what 's this about anyways -- ? int . otto' auto - night in a wood - panell back room , around a conference table : Memphis and donny sit ... with the list before they ... donny astricky most of them be late-model ... memphis that 's right . only 10 exotics ... donny astricky we will have to start beat the bush , find out where they live ... otto enter . giggles ... otto some crew you get ... memphis if we put out the word . that we be crewing - up , for a one - time - only job ... what do you think that will yield ? donny astricky a bunch of strung - out hype and stick - up man . this be not like the old day , Memphis . the profession have lose its .. otto dignity ... donny astricky yeah ... memphis well , the three of we do not 'exactly inspire confidence ... beat ... donny examine the list ... donny astricky wow ! they get Eleanor here -- ? memphis I know . weird , huh -- ? the door open ... one of otto 's worker be there ... worker otto , there 's someone here to -- but they walk past : kip , tumbler , Mirror man , Toby , freb donny astricky lookit kip . all grow up ... kip hey , donny -- memphis what be you do here ? kip otto call - Memphis look to otto ... otto shrug ... otto you need he ... memphis no we do not - otto I appreciate you dilemma , Memphis . but how be two wash - up thief and a old man suppose to boost 50 car in three day ... memphis his criminal career have officially come to a close ... otto the conundrum still apply , of course . the purpose of the endeavor be to rescue baby brother from imminent death and / or a life of crime . however . this can not be successfully carry out without baby brother 's considerable resource , shabby though they may be . Memphis consider ... he have little choice ... memphis we do this . then . you be finish . then . you be clean kip I like how you wallop back in here - after four year - and can still get all clifford huxtable on my shit ... memphis you hear I ? kip I hear ya . get I outta this . I will move to the country . open a fruit stand ... Memphis look at he ... shake he head ... donny astricky you guy have any skill at all ? kip Hell , yeah . Mirror man here be we electronics expert . he 's get some gadget you old fart maybe never - hear of ; tumbler can drive anything with wheel , and some thing without ; Toby 's a hacker , can do thing with a computer , that be pretty amazing ... memphis how old be you now , Toby ? toby sixteen . but my birthday 's in seven month ... Memphis shake he head ... sigh ... donny astricky ( be : freb ) what about he ? kip freb can order pizza like nobody 's business freb start to protest ... shrug ... freb people gotta eat ... Memphis look at all of they ... sigh ... memphis okay , then ... otto ? otto in order to succeed , you be go to have to go old - school . one night boost . put all you nut in one basket . and ... tumbler one night ? be you nut ? memphis you get maybe a better plan ? tumbler look to kip ... kip you spread it out ... you move around ... so 's they can not touch you ... so 's they do not know ... shadow game and shit ... memphis " shadow game ? " kip shadow game ... memphis you spread it out , by the 2nd night , the heat be onto you . know something 's up . with a one - night boost , by the time all the car be report steal , you ship 's set sail . kip and the other nod ... make sense ... memphis ( cont would ) go on , otto - otto we be on a truncate time - table . take a day to shop it ; a day to prep it ... and we be still go to need to expand the crew ... donny astricky there 's no one leave ... otto we have get several italian car on the list . always tricky , always timeconsuming . so we be gonna need a specialist ... Memphis look at he . because that 's what he be afraid of . mirror man ( to otto ) you know of one -- ? memphis yeah . he 's know of one all right . so we will pre - lap the Beach boy ' " 409 " and CUT to : int . " the nautical mile " SALOON - night a shot glass , slam down on a bar by a surly drunk ... in a mariner saloon . drunken sailor and fisherman and navy type . sawdust on the floor . Broken beer mirror . a rough joint ... drunk one more , girl - the bartender come over .. . she be a dark -haire , heavily tattooe girl , 26 , with the fade blue world - weariness of Roy orbison song ... her name be Sara wayland ... and she go by sway . she collect the drunk 's empty glass ... sway I think you have have enough , billy ... drunk enough ? I have not even start , girl . gimme another -- sway if you leave now , billy , you can get a head -start on waking up in a pool of you own vomit ... drunk listen , you little cooze -- and the drunk reach out across the bar , to grab a bottle and sway grab he hand , twist it ... the drunk groan in agony ... and sway , still clutching he hand , hop over the bar ... and drag the drunk by he twisted hand to the front ... cries of " attagirl , sway ! " pepper the air ... ext . " the nautical mile " - night sway toss he ... the drunk hit the pavement ... sway come back when you have learn how to drink , billy -- and she freeze ... because stand there , be Memphis ... she look at he ... shock be a good place to start ... memphis see you be still steal the sailor from the sea -- sway what be you do here ? and she head back inside ... and he follow she ... int . " the nautical mile " they head toward the bar ... sway ( be : he clothes ) what 's with the look ? memphis the hip , cool , sexy thing be get old ... sway you look like you lose you sheep ... and she hop back behind the bar ... memphis you still wrenching at bacchiochy' ? sway Hell , yeah . I be not get rich in here ... memphis buy you a drink ? sway nope . I get a coffee . and a boyfriend . she wave to a 30 - year - old cat drink with he buddy . he wave back . Memphis frown . sway ( cont would ) Mitch . memphis " Mitch ? " sway Mitch . memphis so I be replace by Mitch ? sway no . you be replace by Alex . who be replace by Kevin . who be replace by Vince . who be replace by Mitch ... she smile sourly at he ... memphis wow . and to think all I accomplish this past six year be the " lord of the ring " trilogy ... she stare at he ... shake she head ... busy herself with she glassware ... beat ... memphis ( cont would ) you look great -- sway yeah , well , you always be a sucker for flaw existence ... angle - mitch . watch they talk ... sway ( cont would ) you should leave -- memphis on account of Mitch ? sway on account of I . he study she ... then : memphis I have take the spear for a lot of people , sway . include you . can not we improvise a little here ... ? sway no can do . life go on , pointfive ... you leave I , remember ? memphis I leave town . I do not leave you . sway a distinction worth note ... memphis and here I be ... sway yes . but I get a feel it 's not on account of any long - for-my - touch on you part - memphis kip 's in trouble and now she look concerned sway what kind of trouble -- ? memphis kip take a job . fifty lady in two week . only the two week have turn into four day . and not a single lady have be snare . sway and you get some italian -- ? memphis six or seven ... sway I be not do it anymore . have not for a while . I have carve out something for myself . it 's pathetic , but it 's mine ... memphis I understand - and the cat - mitch - come over with two empty pitcher mitch another round , Sara - sway sure , Mitch - and she go to the tap ... leave Memphis and Mitch ... mitch how you do , pal ? Memphis nod ... beat . they sit there . regard sway ... mitch ( cont would ) she 's hot , right ? memphis I would go so far as to say " lovely . " and Mitch lean over to he , conspiratorially ... mitch you should she face when she 's have sex -- and Memphis turn to he ... memphis really ? mitch really ... memphis what 's it look like ? and Memphis reach out , and grab Mitch 's nipple , pinching . Mitch 's face curl ... memphis ( cont would ) be it a squinty , grimace , contort face ? agonize and writhe and ugly ? oh , now I see it , yes , yes ! and Memphis release he ... and Mitch go down hard ... and sway come over ... sway what the hell be you do -- ? memphis if you change you mind . we be at otto 's . it 's 50 lady in 24 hour . for the carpenter . 200 k and kip 's life on the feel . so long now ... and he 's out of there , before Mitch 's pal can get to he . mitch who be that guy , Sara ? she look at the door ... shrug ... sway good question ... int . otto' auto - later - night Memphis , kip , donny , Mirror man and otto sit around the garage ... go through the list ... tumbler call from the next room : tumbler freb 's here . open the gate . donny astricky ( to otto ) we send he out on a solo boost . see what he could do ... freb pull in a ' 89 cadillac coupe De ville ... freb how do I look in this one ? mirror man like a goofy white boy in a cadillac . donny astricky how would it go ? freb key be in it ... donny astricky well , that defy the point , do not it ? mirror man you should ask he how he get the name " freb . " freb shaddup , man ... donny astricky get the damn thing in there and get it clean up - freb pull in . pop the trunk . the gate be close . kip this be load with crap - get a duffel . he pull out a set of golf club ... freb bring over a duffel ... Mirror man pluck something from the trunk ... mirror man ( cont would ) Holy shit ... it 's a plasticine bag - full of a white powder ... donny astricky lemme see that - he pierce the skin .. tastes ... donny astricky ( cont would ) heroin . kip no shit ? and they pull back the trunk tarp ... and there be perhaps two dozen similar smack - fill bag ... donny astricky there 's gotta be a million buck worth here - tumbler we be rich . goddamn , we be rich ! memphis where would you pick she up ? freb in front of one of they poker parlor in Chinatown ... memphis well , take it back -- kip take it back ? what do you mean take it back ? be you crazy , man ? memphis take it back , freb -- mirror man hey , now , Memphis ... c'mon , man - donny make to grab the bag from Mirror man ... but Mirror man hold on ... they tug back and forth ... the bag drop ... split on the ground , behind the car . spill heroin . mirror man ( cont would ) now , see what you -- but a bang ! bang ! on the front gate , give they all pause . otto who be it -- ? detective castlebeck ( o.s. ) castlebeck . donny astricky Jesus . the whole damn thing 's load . otto one minute -- ! and the other scatter into the back office , with they tool and device and list . leave only Memphis and otto . Memphis pick up the break bag ... stick it in the trunk ... put the golf club in on top of it ... slam the trunk . only there 's still a neat mountain of smack on the floor by the rear of the caddy ... but there 's no time ... for the gate be open . detective castlebeck amble in . detective castlebeck I know you . memphis you know my back . detective castlebeck what be you still do here , randall ? memphis stop by to see otto . say hello . castlebeck look at otto ... otto grin ... castlebeck walk around the garage ... take it all in ... castlebeck note the caddy ... detective castlebeck what 's this -- ? otto cadillac . angle - the mound of heroin on the floor ... detective castlebeck what 's wrong with it -- ? otto need brighten ... castlebeck take out a walkie ... bark into it ... detective castlebeck run I down a tag - 329 hro . cadillac . he click off ... otto and Memphis share one ... a glance to the smack ... castlebeck be a mere inch from it ... otto no faith in we new -found goodness , detective ...? detective castlebeck sure . but sometimes we get to create some number . the task force be run by statistic , you know ... before they can respond , the radio crackle ... radio ( o.s. ) 329 hro . there 's no want on the license at this time ... castlebeck look disappointed ... otto grin ... castlebeck stare at the caddy , still unconvince ... memphis you be think : okay , there 's no want ... but they probably stripped its gut and crate them up , right ... ? detective castlebeck something like that - Memphis open the driver 's side door ... gesture castlebeck in ... castlebeck get behind the wheel ... memphis let she rip ... and castlebeck start the car ... angle - tailpipe ... whoosh ! all of the heroin on the flo be blow away by the exhaust ... Memphis wink to otto ... castlebeck seem satisfied ... get out . detective castlebeck okay , then . I will catch you later , randall ... otto double -mean intend , right ? detective castlebeck right ... castlebeck stop at the gate ... turn back to they ... detective castlebeck it 's funny . there 's probably be five more car steal in the time I have be here ... memphis I do not think so , detective ... and castlebeck be go . Memphis and otto exhale big time .. the other come out from the back ... to find Memphis and otto dump the heroin into the sink , run the tap ... memphis ( cont would ) take she back to where you find she , freb -- int . raine apartment - night kip be in front of the tv , play a video game . helen raine be at the kitchen table , go through a photo album ... Memphis come home ... hang up he coat ... memphis hey - he kiss she head ... memphis ( cont would ) kip - kip nod ... Plays on ... memphis ( cont would ) what do you get there ? helen raine the photo album . I get nostalgic around this time of year ... memphis what time of year ? helen raine tuesday ... he smile ... sit down next to she ... they go through the photo : - childhood shot of Memphis and kip , a young helen ; Memphis at 17 , in he " ike 's garage " coverall ; 14 year - old Memphis , a infant kip , and they father ( ROBERT raine ) a man with bright eye and a quiet smile , stand before a old cutlass 442 ; Robert raine ... outside a car dealership . we can almost feel he strong , sure presence ... Memphis look at he mother ... as she look at the picture . memphis you ever wonder what thing would be like if he have not die ? helen raine every day . I wonder about that every day ... memphis kip and I would probably be work at the dealership ... ( to kip ) imagine we sell car ? nothing from kip ... eye glue to the tv ... Memphis glance to he mother ... memphis ( cont would ) imagine that -- ? helen raine ( salesman voice ) and just in case you lose you key , good sir , I can toss in a complimentary slim-jim , free of charge ... memphis mother -- ! they laugh ... look at the album ... at Robert raine ... memphis ( cont would ) I remember , every day , he would come home in a different car . that be the great thing ... and we would climb all over it ... examine every inch of every different car ... helen raine I remember . Supper get cold , cos you two be out there head under hood ... memphis you remember that , kip ? kip I be six ... Memphis and helen look at he ... then : memphis after he die ... I think that 's what I miss most of all ... that there be no different car every night ... when I start hang around otto 's ... and he start show I the thing ... it be a way to kill two bird ... put food on the table for you and kip ... and ... ride in different car every night ... just like when dad be here . tear stand in helen 's eye ... kip get to he foot ... kip ancient history 's two thing . " ancient . " and " history ! " and he walk out of the house , door slamm behind he . Memphis turn to he mother ... memphis ( cont would ) we be gonna have to do this thing , ma. helen raine I know ... memphis we do it . he will get clear once and for all and she nod ... angle - a photo . Robert raine . smiling beside a old 98 . ext . INTERNATIONAL tower high rise condo - day the garage door open as a resident drive out ... and Memphis and donny and kip and Toby enter the garage ... they walk along the row of park car ... search ... donny astricky car-jack be the lazy man 's boost . no skill . no finesse . can only take the car if the key be in it . that 's not thieve . that 's parking ... thug ... with the decency of dirt ... toby they be just car , man ... to prevent donny from bite the kid 's head off , Memphis chime in with : memphis this Eleanor 's be live at the International tower for 3 year now . toby who 's " Eleanor ? " memphis the 167 mustang Shelby mustang gt-500 . toby why do you call it " Eleanor ? " memphis all the vehicle get code name . female name . you say " Eleanor life at such and such ... " and no one listen on the wave be the wiser ... donny astricky Eleanor be Memphis ' " unicorn . " memphis and there she be -- indeed , slotted nearby be a ' 67 shelby mustang gt -500 Silver with black top ... memphis ( cont would ) hello , Eleanor -- and he look at she . a old friend he have not see in year . toby it look just like a regular mustang -- kip do not go there , Toby -- memphis she 's not . Carroll Shelby tweak the mustang 's High - performance 289 engine and get it legally rate for the street at 450 horsepower ... but its actual output be closer to 600 ... toby so she fly - memphis she soar - donny astricky grade-a unicorn ... toby what 's a " unicorn ? " donny astricky fable creature . you know - the horse with the horn ? impossible to capture ? Toby look blank ... donny astricky ( cont would ) we all get one . the single car that , no matter how many time you try to boost , something happen ... cop show up , car do not start , owner come back . it 's voodoo ... toby you guy and the car thing , man -- they head off ... Memphis turn back to the Shelby memphis see you in a few day , Eleanor -- int . otto' auto - back room - day to Queen 's " I be in Love with my car . " the crew be at work , a mazda and a caddy be park here for practice : tumbler be modify a series of slim jim , base on the type of car they will be after donny and freb be in the caddy , freb behind the wheel tumbler put together briefcase , contain the requisite tool : slim - jim , gizmo , screwdriver , ratchet , dent -puller , a mini-battery with pointy lead ... - Mirror man be show off one of he gadget - beepersize device - to otto ... they stand before a lock mazda . mirror man and you just stick it in the lock . hit this little button ... and ... he do ... the door unlocks ... the car 's alarm give a weak chirp and die ... otto look at donny ... otto we be dinosaur , donny . pull - up a tar pit ... ( to Mirror man ) can I try -- ? mirror man knock yourself out -- kip and Memphis be with Toby , who have he laptop out ... toby I logge outside the G.R.A.B. site , right ? then I monitor they income outside data request , right ? then I get this isdn number , right ? then I track they back , right ? then I take the one I could jack - up the easiest , right ? then I call back see , they think I be a insurance company - that 's where it look like I be come from -- and they be share stat with this insurance company , right ? so now they be share it with I , right ? they think I be look for stat for a actuarial conference on auto-theft . so they let I in , right ? give I all this number . but then I do not leave , right ? I be in . I have get the key . now I just go anywhere I want . memphis so what 's in there -- ? toby I can tell you who 's gonna be on duty tonight . I can tell you how much gas they be use monthly . I can tell you how they use to spend that annoying half - hour between " friend " and " seinfeld " ... Memphis nod ... fairly impressed ... kip good work , Toby -- donny and freb be inside the caddy ... freb 's attempt to start it fail ... freb it just be not happen -- donny astricky you will get the hang of it , kid . you just need to remember one thing - freb what 's that ? donny smile ... donny astricky on boost night ? always take along a good mix tape ... donny smile ... freb frown ... donny astricky ( cont would ) you bring a woman back to you crib for some lovemake , the song you put on , depend on the woman , the type of lovemake you intend to do , right ? freb I guess ... donny astricky you get a school teacher or Nancy from accounting , you do not put on sly Stone or James Brown . you put on ravel . rachmaninoff . but if you get some wild one you just pick up at the track , you would not put on cat Stevens or James Taylor . you would put on Prince . or Isaac haye . or , if you really want to get after it : mile . freb okay ... donny astricky it 's the same way with car . different car . different tune . you can not steal a maserati listen to Sinatra . you gotta get urgent . you gotta get sonny rollins or led Zeppelin iv , on that shit . but never , never - ever take no allman Brothers into a lincoln town car . could lead to disaster . get it ... ? freb ( absolutely have not get it ) get it ... donny astricky good . and then sway enter ... donny get out of the caddy ... donny astricky ( cont would ) whoa , whoa , whoa . Memphis go out and get some big game ... hello , sway . I be just tell the lad about mix tape -- sway ( to freb ) Janis joplin . billie holliday . ella fitzgerald ... donny astricky gender bias ... otto be before she ... bow from the waist ... otto I have miss you , Sara wayland -- sway good to see ya , otto -- they embrace . Memphis and kip enter from the other room ... kip how ya do , sway -- ? sway kip ... she look at Memphis ... small nod ... small smile ... donny astricky what do you think about all this ? sway stick it in the drawer mark " fool 's errand " , right -- ? donny astricky that 's my girl -- memphis that 's Mirror man ... and that 's freb ... and tumbler ... and Toby ... fellas , this be Sara wayland ... they call she " sway . " sway hey - but the kid look high near thunderstruck ... the other laugh ... go back to they work ... Memphis and sway sway ( cont would ) no question . I be here . I need the dough . memphis of course ... she study he ... nod ... sway good . just so we understand ... and then she see something at the entrance ... sway ( cont would ) oh , shit . you do not -- he follow she gaze ... to where -- a man , early 40s , have walk in . tall , gaunt , ice -ey . this man never speak . and he nose be a gnarled blob of scar tissue ... which be why they call he the sphinx and the other really do not dig he scene ... donny astricky well , well , well . the original crash test dummy ... the sphinx nod to all . smile warmly , but it come out creepy . freb whisper to otto ... freb who 's that -- ? otto that 's the sphinx . freb the sphinx ? otto he never say a word . and he 's get a mess - up nose . hence . the sphinx . he 's boo- koo koo-koo . but he steal like time ... ( to the sphinx ) hello , sphinxy , old rum -- ! and otto embrace the taller man ... and the other stand around , offer uneasy glance to the sphinx ... memphis okay . we be all here . today 's Wednesday . d- Day be Friday night ... that give we two day to prep ... we be go to find the lady on we list , find out where they live , when they be home ; that they be properly insure ... let 's get into the van -- mirror man where we go -- ? memphis we be go shopping -- ! we pre - lap Gary numan 's new - wave rave classic " Cars " . ext . long beach street - day a montage of the hard - core old - school preparation ... three mini - van drive off from otto 's Auto - Mirror man at the wheel of one of they - the sphinx and donny with he ... - freb drive the 2nd van : Memphis , sway , and kip with he ... tumbler drive the 3rd van : otto and Toby with he . they carry pen and notebooks ... and , as they drive around , they be search out car ... when they see a auto that correspond to the list , they take down its license plate . Memphis dial the cell ... Mirror man answer on the speaker in he van ... tumbler in he ... we will cross -cut the scene as necessary from van to van ... memphis how 's it go -- ? donny astricky it 's arright ... they drive on ... till -- donny astricky ( cont would ) check it out : 173 firebird . know who drive one of that ... ? otto yes , I do , in fact . John Wayne in mco ... donny astricky that 's be obscurest ... who else ? better know . Memphis ? memphis Jim rockford . rockford file . mirror man for real ? as the scene in the van play out - we should be intercutting with shot of car on the STREET . license plate . they notebooks . as license #s be write down . donny astricky for real . okay . gimme columbo ... kip peugot convertible ... donny astricky what color ? kip Gray . freb how you know that ? kip remember who my brother be ? int . otto' auto - back room sway have draw a intricate chart on a vinyl drawing board : 1 - 50 , each car be annotate , ie : 1 ) ' 56 Ford T - Bird ; 2 ) 188 lamborghini countach , etc . she begin ascribe name to they , female name . with Magic marker . easy to erase . int . registry of motor vehicle - day donny enter with a sheaf of paper ... he wait in line ... ext . jimmy harborside restaurant - night Mirror man have hire on as a valet ... diner pull up in they car ... Mirror man offer the driver of a porsche boxster a ticket ... and climb in , to park the car ... int . otto' back room sway write # 2 - 4 ) porsche boxster and next to it patricia 1 int . the van as they drive around ... still search and quiz ... otto duke of hazard ? mirror man fuck that cracker shit -- tumbler I know that one . General Lee , I believe , be a ... dodge charger ... donny astricky you ever notice how it have a different interior every week ? that bugge I . mirror man Three word : get a life . int . otto' back room - day Memphis and otto go through otto 's bible - a overstuff ledger with the address otto have collect , over the year , of some 2000 car . they look for any that correspond to calitri 's 50 ... int . registry - day donny offer the registry woman a list of several car from the shopping spree ... donny astricky I would like the name and address of the owner of this 20 car please ... woman it will take I about 15 minute . donny astricky I can wait . he smile kindly at she . and take a seat . it 's that easy . int . otto' back room - day sway at the board ... a grouping of three mercede benz s320 be designate as jennifer 1 , jennifer 2 , jennifer 3 ... int . otto' garage - day otto show freb how to disarm a alarm system by groundingout a tail - light with a wire to a mini-battery ... this dead - short the light , short - out the alarm system , which chirp for a sustained second and then kill itself . the door lock pop open ... otto grin ... ext . jimmy harborside - night Mirror man in the boxster ... park , . he take the key from the ignition ... and then take , from under he jacket - a key cutter ... and he set to cut a copy of the key . int . the van - moving shop and talk , part III ... freb okay , okay . what about magnum p.i .? kip thanks for play , freb . that 's a gimme ... otto yes , but what be on the license plate ? mirror man the license plate ? tumbler I know . " robin 1 . " otto very good . but what be the significance of " robin 1 " ? freb be that he first name ? otto his first name be Thomas . Thomas Magnum ... donny astricky Thomas Sullivan Magnum , to be exact . they look at donny , impressed ... tumbler Robin 1 ... mirror man I know ! Robin be the name of that faggy guy who hang with he ... kip no. that be higgins .... donny astricky Jonathan quayle higgins ... mirror man ( to donny ) you be like a serial killer , ainchoo ? int . otto 's_- aut0 - day sway call # 29 - a ' 98 corvette - carol ... int . midnight auto - night a random chop-shop . the sphinx be buy chop ignition , that go with the car on the list ... ext . jimmy harborside - mirror man have cut a key , jock the cutter , and , before he get out of the boxster , open the glove box and grab the registration . he take a mini-tape-recorder from he pocket ... read the owner address into the dock ... returns the registration " to the glove box ... leave the car ... for today . ext . otto' salvage - night tumbler and kip park the car carrier behind a matterhorn of decimate automobile ... out of view ... int . midnight locksmith - night the sphinx bring the ignition to the locksmith ... who make key for they ... ext . jimmy harborside - night Mirror man take name and kick ass . a BMW m roadster . int . otto be sway write nancy 1 next to # 27 ) BMW m roadster ... int . registry of motor vehicle - day the registry woman give donny the list he need ... woman it 's two dollar per car . that will be 40 dollar please ... he pay she ... Big smile ... int . the van - moving one more time ... otto anyone ? the significance of " Robin 1 " on Magnum 's license plate ? Memphis ? memphis Robin be Robin Masters . he own the estate they live on ... otto ten point for we fearless leader ... sway , how ' bout give we the honor of the Bill bixby trifecta -- ? sway I do not know that kip stumped -- ! freb thank - God , sway , you be not all freaky - deaky , too but sway grin sway how about : a corvette in magician ; a Ford pick - up truck in incredizle hulk , and ... otto here 's where it get tricky ... sway ... he walk in the courtship of eddie' father . kip high - fives she ... freb look disappointed ... donny astricky walk like a bastard ... skippin ' stone and shit .. otto that 's a good one , donny ... donny astricky I think so too -- and they drive ... all smile ... all pleased with themselves ... and , after a beat ... mirror man ya will really need to get the fuck out of the house more ... int . otto' auto - back room sway have finish the chart ... 50 car ... they corresponding distaff name ... int . freb be house - night freb be at he stereo . CD scattered around he . tupac . biggy . puff daddy ... make a mix tape ... end montage . int . bacchiochi be foreign motor - day a garage deal exclusively in import . Memphis enter ... memphis hello -- ? sway slide out from beneath a testarosa ... in she greasy coverall , hair tie back , a motorhead 's dream girl ... sway hey . memphis what 's wrong with she -- ? sway the right side of the engine be run richer than the leave . and the scope be not show shit ... I dunno ... and she go to the sink ... sway ( cont would ) you know Annie 's trouble memphis Annie -- ? sway you have not be study -- she gesture to where the list of 50 be on the counter . sway ( cont would ) 137 roadster . custom . live at 1443 locklin in rancho palo verde ... memphis right . great car . one of a kind . I be look forward to that boost myself sway she be the only " Annie " you could find ? memphis they only make a handful . we be lucky there 's even one live in the area ... sway yeah , well ... she life with District Court judge seymour Croft ... as she speak we CUT to : ext . 1443 locklin - rancho palos verde - day a massive house of glass and steel in a fancy neighborhood . we move for the house . over the fine-trimmed lawn . sway ( o.s. ) ... and he keep " Annie ' in he live room ... like a work of art ... into the spartan live room ... massive frame Lichtenstein and haring piece on the wall ... surround the yellow roadster , which sit up on a platform ... check out judge croft , a nasty fat man in he late 5as ... he sit in the nearly empty room ... a complex system of directional lighting illuminate the roadster ... sway ( o.s. ) she 's get 27 mile on she o-dom . which be exactly how far away the custom shop be in 1979 when he buy she ... he drive she home , never drive she again ... the judge gaze at the car , admire its jet-pod taillamp ... a maid come in with a tray of tea service ... the may cross the judge 's line of sight ... watch as he curse she out , he face go bett red with fury ... sway ( o.s. ) the man 's a freak ... int . bacchiochi's foreign motor sway look at Memphis ... sway she 's trouble -- memphis I put the boy on it . they be clever that way ... she nod ... Long look ... sway I go with you -- memphis that what you want ? sway that 's what I want ... memphis okay . she hit the lava soap and start wash the grease from she hand ... memphis ( cont would ) I miss you , you know - sway you mention that in you letter memphis I always think you would follow I up . she shut off the tap ... towel she hand ... sway we be good when you bail , be not we ? memphis very good ... sway cos there be that dark day , when I figure - my God , how easy it be for he to just give it up ; to make the deal ; take the rot for the whole crew ... and give I up in the process . memphis no way ... sway no ... ? memphis no ... and he hold out a hand to she ... and she put she greasesmeare towel into it ... sway do not go get all warm and fuzzy on I , randall . I be the jane that be leave , and you be the jim that do the leave . so save the sanctimonious shit for someone who believe . the only reason I ride with you , be cause I do not want to spend the whole night with any of they other creep ! memphis oh. okay . right . ext . bacchiochi be foreign motor - day Memphis walk out ... go over to the parked car across the street ... castlebeck ... memphis I be on the move - detective castlebeck you girl work in there ... memphis not my girl anymore detective castlebeck yet you still here ... I give you 24 hour , 24 hour ago ... memphis what do you want from I ? detective castlebeck honestly ? I want to - once every few month - get into my car . pack a lunch . and drive on up to chino . on visit day . bring you some magazine . maybe some almond cluster . and see you all bright and shiny in you orange jumpsuit . that 's what I want ... and with that , he start he car ... drive off ... Memphis gaze after he ... int . van - moving - night Memphis drive . kip beside he . they drive in silence . at last come to : ext . ten - ton transfer company - front gate a huge truck company warehouse . kip get out . bolt -cut the chain - fence out front . and Memphis drive on in , pass the long row of gargantuan car carrier here . he pick one ... memphis this one ... he slim-jim the door ... but the alarm go off ... a wild whooping alarm ... deafen ... try as he might , he can not get it off . he pop the trunk . look for wire ... nothing . then , at once , it go off . Memphis turn . kip be there . he hold a little device . memphis ( cont would ) what 's that thing -- ? kip read the infrared . then kill it . Little something the R &amp ; D department come up with ... memphis how long be you gonna let I try and stop it ...? kip after a while , it become a little pathetic ... figure I would put you out of you misery ... memphis thank - you ... kip De nada ... he get behind the wheel . pop the ignition . the truck 's flipping stack belch . Memphis climb in next to he . memphis ai not we good-time here ... ? kip the family that steal together , deal together ... memphis dad would be proud -- kip maybe not . but dad be from another era ... memphis what era be that -- ? kip the era when crime do not pay -- memphis as oppose to now , kid car crusher ? kip price of do business ... memphis what about just get a job , 9 to 5 , five day a week , that whole mystery achievement -- ? kip it 's for asshole . the legal Buck blow , Memphis . you know that . do this , we make mad bank , my boy be down , the girly come around and the boost be a breeze . yeah , sure , you be gonna get jack - up every now and then - but be not that a small price to pay for never , never -ever , have to say " paper or plastic ? " and he grin and put the truck into gear . and off they go int . otto' auto - garage - night the replacement chime in with " someone take the wheel . " Memphis and the crew ... all but sway be present . tumbler and Mirror man follow Memphis to one side of the shop ... to a window ... he gesture outside to where we see and unmarked car and the orange glow of two cigarettes ... stake they out ... memphis we have get to shake they tomorrow night . I be make that you problem . that 's call delegation of duty . you like it -- ? Mirror man and tumbler regard the cop ... mirror man sure , man -- and they follow he back into the garage ... memphis okay . tomorrow night it 's on . each team have be assign they lady . the team be : I and sway . donny and freb. kip and tumbler . Mirror man , you and the sphinx ... Mirror man look horrify ... mirror man aw , c'mon , man ... the sphinx grin at he ... toby what about I ? memphis you will be at the dock ... keeping otto abreast of we progress ... toby how come ... ? memphis because you should be home with nintendo , listen to the spice Girls , little man ... toby come on . kip , talk to the guy kip there 's no talkin ' to he -- and otto and junie come out with two bottle of champagne and some paper cup ... otto ( cup raise ) to a safe and successful session of bump fender and trading paint . everyone toast ... drink ... donny go to the tape deck ... Hit play ... and " Little deuce coupe " by the Beach boy blast . ( " Little deuce coupe / you do not know what I get ... " ) and all of we guy dance to it ... sing along ... otto dance with junie ; tumbler with Toby ; even the sphinx lipsync the falsetto part ... beach boy " well , I be not braggin , ' babe so do not put I down but I get the fastest set of wheel in town , etc . " yes , it 's the requisite rock - to- an-oldie bit ... but God , it 's fun . as they exorcise some pre-boost jitter . only kip stand aside from the frolic ... we watch they dance and laugh and sing for a bit ... and then atley Jackson be there . and behind he , another calitri goon ... and , finally , calitri himself stand there . someone kill the music . they all look at he ... donny and the sphinx nod to atley ... calitri this be how you be spend my time ? have a sock hop ? memphis everyone know Ray calitri ? pillar of the community ... calitri look at this . a multi-generational gather of scumbag ... otto so saith the God of scumbag -- calitri hello , otto . my boy at the dock report no car have yet to be deliver . and there 's only one more night ... otto get nervous , Ray ? what happen to you , I wonder , if delivery be not make ? calitri ignore he ... look at kip ... calitri with all the free time I have have not count car as they be load onto my ship , I have manage to sand the cedar inside you box , kip . this will protect you from the anaerobic bacteria , that normally thrive in a airless ; environment . thus prolong decay ... he smile ... and kip actually make a run for he ... only to be hold back by tumbler and donny ... memphis get out of here , Ray -- calitri one more night -- memphis get out -- calitri I hope you know what you be do . God help you if you do not ... and with that , he leave , he goons follow . leave we crew to stare after he ... and then we fade to black ... as a super on -screen read part III : switchin '-to-glide int . helen raine ' house - garage - day as Memphis go through some old box . at last , he find what he 's look for ... open it ... he take out its content ... his tool , which we remember from the open ... and then ... clothing ... ext . otto be - day drycoff and hawking wait in they unmark ... drycoff oh , this be a good time -- he light another cigarette ... the ashtray be overflow . hawking how much can one man smoke ? drycoff it 's a crime , be not it ? cos castlebeck 's get a bug up he ass over this guy , I gotta get lung cancer ... int . otto be Mirror man and tumbler be at the window Memphis bring they to last night ... Mirror man have a radio transmitter in he hand ... donny come by ... donny what be you do ? tumbler watch and learn , old - timer -- as Mirror man point the antennae out the window ... a toy car - a 1970 hemi ' cuda replica ... radio-operated , the car speed along the curb outside , use park car as cover ... she really cook ... donny the hell be you do ? mirror man deliver ordnance . y2 k - style . angle - the ' cuda . as it cruise along . be stop by a discard 40 oz . empty ... but Mirror man maneuver and its back on track ... at last , parking jamme up to the front , right tire of drycoff and hawking ' unmarked . tumbler the hemi have land -- donny Big deal . now what ? mirror man what we call : fun and shit . and he hit a button on he radio control ... angle - the model ' cuda . wedge in front of the tire . as a quartet of thin steel , razor- tip spike thrust out from the shaker hood ... a fraction away from the tire 's skin ... Mirror man and tumbler appear satisfied ... tumbler we can go now -- int . judge croftas glass house - day the one with the roadster in the live room ... the phone ring . the answer machine pick up ... beeep ! voice ( o.s. ) yes , this be a message for Mr. seymour Croft , of 1443 locklin ... this be the Department of Water and power and we be go to be do some work in you area tonight ... if you would please call we at 555 - 1877 , so we could discuss the ... int . otto be - day freb on this end ... he hang up ... int . district court - day judge Croft pick up he message ... write down the number ... dial ... int . croft glass house - day in the van . kip and Toby ... Toby 's get he lap - top out ... and they have re-route the line into it ... the phone ring ... kip answer ... toby Department of Water and power . could you hold please ... and before the judge can respond , they have click he on hold ... and they make he wait ... and wait ... just like the real d.w.p. do ... they high - five ... toby ( cont would ) where should we put he ? kip he 's a judge . he will only bite for something pimpy - at last , Toby answer ... toby d.w.p . thanks for hold . how can I help you ? judge croft I get a message . I live at 1443 locklin . toby yes. can you hold , sir -- ? judge croft no ! no , I can not ! I be a busy man . kip can hear he anger ... whisper : kip oooh , she 's chafe -- toby okay , sir . let I just get the-order . yes . we will be do some work out you way . we have get a power leak . and it 's unsafe . we be move residence to the ... Marriott Long Beach ... just for the night ... judge croft oh , for God 's sake toby I know , sir ... and kip pantomime eat . Toby , at first puzzle , get it . toby ( cont would ) for the inconvenience we be also offer a free breakfast brunch -- judge croft Breakfast brunch -- ? toby yes , sir - pause ... they have get he ... thumb - up ... judge croft okay , then ... I just go to the Marriott and I be set ... toby you have be pre-book ... and the judge hang up ... toby ( cont would ) Goodbye to you , too , assface ... ext . otto be - later - day they all wait , anxious ... dress for they night ... and then Memphis enter ... hoot and holler ... he 's dress in the old dud . Black turtleneck . Black boot . Black pants . Long , black , leather duster . Way too cool for school . Memphis raine return ... donny astricky I miss orville redenbacher already -- memphis okay , okay . the important thing to remember , be to think slow . take you time . it may not seem like it , but the night be long . Long enough . just think slow and think smart ... ext . otto be - dusk as the crew get into the van ... and drive - off ... int . drycoff' unmarked drycoff start she up ... drycoff let 's see what this bastard be up to -- and ' he put she in gear ... and ka - pow ! the front tire explode ... shredd to rim ... drycoff ( cont would ) what the fu-- he get out of the car , go to the front ... in time to see the little ' cuda race off down the street after the crew ... drycoff ( cont would ) that little prick -- ! angle -- mirror man . in the back of the van , with he transmitter . giggle wildly as the ' cuda zoom after he . ext . long beach harbor - night the massive seaport , a series of wharve . commercial scow and tug beast the black water . we should note the enormous 23,000 - ton , 627 - foot container ship , sway in the harbor . and the giant shoreside gantry crane alongside it ... int . warehouse a expansive warehouse surround by chain - link fence ... enormous shipping container be here , in which the steal car will be store . and carton and carton of motor oil . a massive front-end-loader will transport each container to the gantry crane , which will lower it onto the cell in the container ship ' hold ... each team be ready ... each have a briefcase contain the tool of the trade ... Memphis talk into a two - way radio ... memphis how we do , o -- ? int . otto be otto stand before the Big board - with all the lady ' name on it ... on the two - way ... otto ready to start erase . good luck , kiddie -- int . warehouse Memphis click off ... they climb into 4 Ford escort ... memphis okay . all we lady should be home now , tuck in bed . let 's keep chilly . think slow . any question ? toby you sure I can not go with ya ? Memphis ' ice - water glance be answer enough ... memphis only use the phone when absolutely necessary ... otto 's default hq ... let 's go get them ... quick shot - of the four car , as each team slap a tape in they deck : 1 ) kip and tumbler . the tape be tupac . they bang fist . 2 ) donny astricky and freb ... donny 's play mile Davis . 3 ) Memphis and sway ... and Bruce ... memphis ready -- ? sway oh , yeah . 4 ) Mirror man and the sphinx ... the sphinx put on glass with attach fake nose , to cover he gnarled one ... mirror man you should consider always wear that , boy ... and he slide he tape into the deck ... and , as the gap Band 's " burn rubber on I " crank on the track - we team go out ... into the night ... Toby watch after they ... because they be off ... ext . deserted parking lot - night tumbler and kip park the massive car carrier here ... kip be behind he in the escort ... tumbler get into the escort and kip drive off ... ext . long beach STREET - night Memphis and sway in the van ... search ... he pull to a stop ... for a Mazda rx - 7 be park on this quiet , residential ... sway get out ... eyeballs it ... come back ... sway no whistle , but a Club you bring a hack -- ? memphis no. open she ... he park ... open the back of the van ... sway pull the Mazda window ... get in ... ignition - gizmo she ... the motor now run ... wait ... Memphis get in next to she ... he have a steering wheel with he . sway what the hell 's that -- ? memphis a little trick I pick up at the car thief retirement Home ... he use he screwdriver to remove four rivet on the Mazda 's clubbed steering column ... in second , the clubbed steering wheel be removed , Club still on it . Memphis pop in the steering wheel he bring , jerry - bang the rivet ... memphis ( cont would ) let 's cruise -- and they do ... sway roll down she window ... toss something as they drive off - angle - the old steering wheel . " Club " firmly affix to it . on the ground , in the Mazda 's old parking place ... ext . long beach street - tumbler and kip as they systematize the car they be responsible for ... tumbler drop kip off by a porsche ... we recognize it as one of the car Mirror man cut a key for in the valet scam . kip select the key from a series of they hook into he briefcase . he get out . key the car . he 's in . he 's off ... tumbler - meanwhile , have drive to a volvo c70 ... he , too , have the key ... he 's in ... he 's off ... ext . the car carrier - parking lot kip drive the porsche onto it , tumbler enter the lot in the volvo . quick dissolves as they fill it up ... two Honda accord , another volvo , a Toyota 4 - runner , etc . ext . commercial warehouse - san pedro - night all be silent . chainlink fence top with swirl of lethal - look barb wire . Mirror man and the sphinx be here . Mirror man go to the main entry fence door ... he boltcut the chain ... the door slide open ... they be in ... ext . long beach STREET - night a porsche 911 cabriolet be park ... donny and freb look at it ... freb Diane 1. donny astricky very good . think you can get in without waking she up -- ? freb yeah . donny astricky that 's a after-market alarm . can not just cut she wire ... he pop he briefcase ... take out some gear ... get out ... move for Diane 1 ... int . raine apartment - night helen raine be root through a crowded closet . at last she find what she 's look for ... a small black boxy device . she go to the live room . plug in the box ... it be a police scanner ... and it immediately start to pop and caw ... helen sit down ... and listen ... her face clench with worry ... ext . san pedro warehouse - night Mirror man work the thick steel door ... he 's get a sledge and center punch ... he knock the knob off with the sledge and then go to work with a electric drill ... mirror man this be some state - of - the - art shit , kid . the drill break the socket , which force back the spindle and release the lock ... only it do not seem to be work ... and the sphinx be get impatient ... ext . harbor warehouse - night tumbler and kip pull in with they car carrier ... full ... they start to unload it ... int . otto be as otto swipe name from the board ... int . memphis ' van - moving Memphis and sway ... they ride in silence ... she busy herself by look through the consul . come up with a tube of lipstick . use the visor mirror to apply it . memphis gosh , no . lipstick ? what next ? mascara , blush , floral - print dress ? sway deodorant . and she look at he ... she 's really laid the lipstick on thick ... but it 's oddly effective ... memphis wow . bozo , the very sexy clown -- beat . she look out the window , throw the follow away . sway so , you see anybody ? memphis no . I have a girl . she be great . the problem be : great girl come along once every ten year . so I gotta wait another three year before I can even bother to look ... sway she be so great , why would you leave she ? memphis her parole officer strongly recommend it ... she look at he ... but he 's stop the car ... for kip and tumbler be wait at the side of the street . they get in . ext . long beach STREET - night freb dead - short the alarm system , ground it out on the car 's own metal surface , just like they teach he ... he 's in the porsche ... it 's just that he can not figure out how to get she start ... the passenger door open ... donny ... donny astricky what 's the matter ? freb it 's all microchip and shit ... donny astricky yeah ? he hold up a screwdriver . jam it in the steering column . donny astricky ( cont would ) I do not care what kind of car it be . how fancy ; how expensive ; how new . you pop the collar - it 's 1966 all over again ... ! he pop the collar - expose a ordinary ignition system . freb cool ... int . memphis ' van - moving - night Memphis drive ... sway , kip , tumbler with he ... kip so we load all of the key car up and drop them ... it be cake ... 8 car , ba-da-b ... Memphis look at he in the rear-view ... memphis have fun , kip ? kip Hell , yeah ... it 's a beautiful business ... ( realize he gaffe ) I mean , no , man , it 's hard , it 's scary , it suck ... Memphis look at sway , shake he head ... kill the light ... and they pull in to ext . san pedro warehouse - night where Mirror man be still struggle with the lock , he drill and punch , scattered about ... mirror man just give I another -- only the sphinx shove he aside ... pull the gun from he holster and blang ! blast open the lock ... Mirror man stare at the open door ... mirror man oh , I get it : old school . and Memphis and the other drive up ... memphis how 's it go ? mirror man it 's go fine . the quiet riot and I be swapping trade secret ... and in they go -- int . warehouse Dark as pitch . flashlight come on . to reveal row upon row of gleaming ferraris Old and new model . daytonas and boxer and dino and testarossas . there must be at least fifty of they here . flashlight beam dance over car after car . it 's a treasure chest of automotive jewel ... all of we heroes be in awe . and then a soft whimper . they turn . to see sway , overcome with emotion . sway it 's just ... so ... beautiful ... and it be kip that put a arm around she ... she sob into he chest ... never take she eye from the array of italian grace ... indeed , they be all in something of trance . Memphis be the first one out -- memphis c'mon , gang . let 's focus . sway , can you prep them -- ? sway I think so ... they be just ... so ... memphis I know . but let 's prep them . we could stay here all night ... that would not be good -- the other be still gaze ... memphis ( cont would ) let 's go , people -- and they set to work ... ext . night club parking lot - night donny astricky and freb have access a ' 61 jag ... watch as donny take out 3 screw in the jag 's ignition and remove the whole thing ... donny astricky so ? tell I : how come they call you " freb " anyways -- ? freb c'mon , man ... donny astricky we be partner here -- freb consider ... then , reluctantly -- freb my name " Fred . " you know : Frederick ? one drunk night , I decide to give myself a tattoo . hot needle it . I use a mirror to guide I ... and he pull up he sleeve - to show the blue " freb " tattooe there ... freb ( cont would ) the mirror mess I up with the " b " and the " d " ... everything 's reverse , you know ? now , I be " freb . " donny choose from a selection of ignition he 's bring along . find the right one ... install it ... tighten the 3 screw ... start the car with he own key ... donny astricky glad to know you , " freberick . " let 's roll - and off they go ... int . san pedro warehouse sway set to prepping the car ... the other wait nearby . Memphis walk over to where kip sit ... memphis you okay -- ? kip I be cool . Memphis look at he watch ... kip ( cont would ) we gonna make it ? memphis too early to tell . nervous ? kip Nah . memphis that 's strange . I be nervous . donny 's nervous . everyone 's nervous . but not you ... kip I dunno . whatever will be will be ... memphis that 's a good attitude , kip . for everything but steal car ... before kip can respond , the signature throaty roar of Ferrari fill the room , as sway 's get one start -- memphis ( cont would ) showtime -- int . san pedro warehouse - quick cut as sway get the ferraris start , she skill readily apparent ... and each man - kip , tumbler , Mirror man , the sphinx - climb behind the wheel and roar off ... int . harbor warehouse Toby watch as the ferraris be drive in . he radio otto . int . otto be - the big board as the four corresponding name be erased ... ext . townhouse - newport beach - a maserati boomerang glow silver ; cool wedge shape , 15 - degree angle windscreen ; the definition of sleek . Memphis and sway , in the van , roll up to the maserati . memphis hello , Tracy ... except that a man come out of the house ... mid -20s , silk shirt , long , leather prada coat ... Persian 'dude ... memphis ( cont would ) shit . the man climb into the maserati . Memphis follow ... ext . harbor tower - condo complex - rooftop lot lot of high - end car . Mirror man and the sphinx search the row ... at last come to - mirror man gina -- ! the 188 lamborghini countach ... they move for it ... stop ... mirror man ( cont would ) check it -- he getture to the license plate . it read " snake " ... mirror man ( cont would ) oooh . " snake . " tough guy . " snake . " homeboy want you to call he : snaake -! they crack up ... size she ... mirror man ( cont would ) no whistle ... that 's weird ... he shrug ... they slim - jim she " beetle - wing " articulate door ... climb in ... the sphinx start she up ... Mirror ma get in beside he ... the seat be sooo low ... mirror man ( cont would ) this shit 's on point . check it : 200 . he gesture to the speedometer ... calibrate to 200 mph .. mirror man ( cont would ) halfway there , we switch . I drive . the sphinx shrug ... and they head out ... mirror man ( o.s. ) say goodbye to you ride , snake ... ext . back BAY STREET - night Memphis and sway have follow the maserati to another building ... idle ... smokey Robinson 's " cruisin ' " croon . memphis what 's this guy up to -- ? after a beat , a woman come out ... she get into the car . sway it 's 1:30 on a Tuesday . be that any time to pick a girl up for a date ? the maserati 's light go off ... he 's park ... sway ( cont would ) what , be they gonna mack -- ? yeah . the couple start kissing . Memphis check he watch sway ( cont would ) maybe she 's get a roommate ... beat ... they watch the couple in the maserati for a beat . int . otto be junie , otto 's gal , on the telephone ... junie ... that 's right . they will be in the lobby of the riviera Building . 2206 beacon Street . palo verde ... and we go to -- ext . riviera build - palos verde and see a lincoln limousine pull up outside this posh apartment building ... the driver get out ... head to the lobby ... we see kip and tumbler step out from the shadow across the street ... climb into the limo ... drive off ... int . lamborghini countach - moving - night the sphinx drive ... Mirror man pop in he tape ... Albert King 's " drivin ' wheel . " mirror man that 's what I be talkin ' about -- ! he boogy down . the sphinx be bewitch , awed by the car 's magnificent power . but then Mirror man scream -- ! with pure terror . for , at he foot , wrap around he leg , be a boa constrictor - some 8 - foot long ... a mass of heavilykeeled scale shimmer on coiled muscle ... Mirror man scream on and on ... the sphinx swerve wildly ... Racing through a red light . barely miss a on-come bus ... pass a pair of cop come out of a 7 - 11 . they hop into they unit . give chase . ext . newport beach - the maserati the Persian man and he date ... mackin ' hard ... behind they Memphis and sway wait in the Mazda . Memphis be on the cell memphis ... okay , check with you soon ... he hang up ... memphis ( cont would ) otto say 22 lady have report for work ... sway nod ... the maserati 's window be fully -steam ... memphis ( cont would ) man , they be go at it sway they be in love ... Long beat ... he look at she ... memphis what about you ? she look at he ... shrug ... sway you remember my gramma ? yeah . I be think . if she be alive . and she ask I . if she come down , right now . ask I . " what do you do , Sara ? what 's you life ? " innocently . nonjudgemental . I think it would break she heart if I say I be a thief . I steal car , gramma . and even though , hey , I learn it all from she son . my uncle Eddie . who teach I the basic . which you refine . ( you remember randall , gramma ? you think he be neat . well , he refine the basic ... ) . I do not think that 's what she hope for I ... she look at he ... sway ( cont would ) but ... that say ... car thief be my weakness ... it 's all so terribly Loretta Lynn or something , I know ... but ... I do not wanna be a thief anymore ... I do not wanna love a thief anymore ... I want to wear a dress maybe once in a while ... maybe have a kid ... watch a lot of audrey hepburn movie .. and think about my gramma without also think " shame on I . shame on I . shame on I ... " she look at he ... he lean into she ... kiss she ... tentative at first ... then ... with urgency ... int . G.R.A.B. force office - night phone ringing like mad ... drycoff walk into castlebeck 's office ... detective drycoff it 's a epidemic , rollie ... I be get report every five minute ... int . the mazda - back BAY - night as " Little Red corvette " by Prince warble on the track ... Memphis and sway still kissing ... she break it for : sway arright ... enough ... I can not have you belly up to my heart again , man , for you can not help fall off the stool . but he put he mouth to she ear ... memphis shhh ... car thief be you weakness . whisper ... memphis ( cont would ) I approach you . it 's quiet . I look this way . that . no one around ... sway stop . what about maserati Boy ? memphis I take out my slim-jim ... sway oh , God ... and yes , this be patently absurd . but it 's also oddly sexy . memphis slip it in ... sway you be go high - cheese , dude -- memphis unlock you button ... sway " unlock my button " ... ? memphis the alarm go off ... sway woo-woo-wooooo ! memphis I pop you hood ; find you siren wire sway they be factory alarm ... easy to get around ... for a man with ... skill ... memphis I do ... I cut " they ... sway cut them ... memphis now ... I be in ... sway of course you be . you be a professional ... memphis I ratchet you ignition mechanism ... sway I bet you say that to all the girl ... memphis with a twist of my wrist ... you be turn over ... sway wrong preposition ... memphis hear you roar ... sway what about the Club ... ? memphis let I worry about the Club ... sway no worry ... memphis I have get you floor ... we be off ... take the curb ... man , can you corner ... know not to get on it ... momentum shift ... do not get on that brake too hard ... get she up on she tire . up on she toe . up ... up ... up . back arched ... a small moan escape she ... Prince wail ... and sway have achieve whatever kind of silly climax they aspire to here ... she flop back down ... look at he ... sway you be still quite the boost , randall raine ... ( he shrug ) except now I have be chop , and my part be in a Honda prelude be drive to church in South America by some bolivian consulate 's wife ... memphis and Tracy 's on the move ... indeed , the girl have get out of the maserati ... and the car have rockete off ... Memphis punch the gas , 'send sway to the floor ... sway wham , bam , thank - you , ma'am , point - five ... pre - lap Alice Cooper 's " under my wheel " and slam CUT to : ext . long beach street - night close up of the " snake " license plate as its ass - end fishtail like a bastard ... the sphinx be outrun what be now a half - dozen cruiser ... int . countach - mirror man be freaking out ... the snake wrap all around he ... mirror man what do I do ? what do I do ? aw , man . he 's gonna swallow my shit whole let 's go to a hospital or something ! but the sphinx shake he head . no. mirror man ( cont would ) c'mon , you creepy no - nose motherfucker . take I to a hospital ! nope . the sphinx drive on ... into yet another director' chase scene this one even cooler than the last ... and once they have elude all of the police , the sphinx pull over to the side of a darkened STREET ... mirror man what be you do ? I be gonna die ! the sphinx lean over ... and pinch the snake behind the back of the head ... mirror man ( cont would ) you tryin ' to make he more mad ? but , miraculously , the snake relaxes its grip on Mirror man ... and slither off ... to the back of the car ... where it immediately go back to sleep ... Mirror man stare at sphinx , who smile genially . then : mirror man ( cont would ) I never think it would be possible : but you ass just get spookier ... ext . CITY STREET - night freb and donny astricky have get " Laura " , a ' 99 bentley start ... freb you ever feel bad about any of this ? donny astricky of course not . I be Robin Hood . I take from the rich , and give to the needy ... freb you mean the poor -- donny astricky no . the needy . us. cos we need this car ! and donny put she in gear , when a gun be jamme again 't donny 's temple ... jacker out of the car , bitch , or I blow you fuck head off -- ! donny look at the jacker ... surprise ... it be a kid ... no more than 16 ... donny astricky be you kid I -- ? jacker now -- ! donny astricky I be steal this car . so back off ! jacker I will shoot you fool ... i'll blow you brain out -- ! freb donny -- donny astricky donny-nothin ' ! and he slam OPEN the door ... catch the kid in the ball ... and the kid double over ... drop the gun ... donny get out of the car ... donny astricky ( cont would ) lazy , disrespectin if half - ass bully . any asshole can pull a gun ... and he start to kick at the kid ... beat at he ... donny astricky ( cont would ) you do not know how to steal a car , do ya ? so you gotta take they when there 's already a key in they ... and a person in they ... scare people ... intimidate ... Little freakin ' bully ... freb c'mon , donny ... let 's go , man -- donny astricky lazy ... lazy ... I ask you , freb : what 's the matter with kid today ? but then - blam ! blam ! blam ! bullet rip into donny astricky in terrifying slow-motion . he turn ... to see another kid ... scare ... at the edge of the road ... gat hold high ... and donny drop to the pavement ... and the first jacker get to he foot ... freb go to donny ... to he splay - out body ... siren split the night . the jacker run off down the street . donny astricky ( cont would ) get outta here . get out . now ! freb I can not leave you here , man -- freb do not know what to do ... donny croak ... donny astricky I be all right . be shot before . you take I to the hospital , they bust the both of we . the cop will take I . go ! and freb-makes to run off down the street ... but -- donny astricky ( cont would ) freb -- ! freb turn back donny astricky ( cont would ) take Laura with you , you stupid shit ! freb blink . nod . oh , yeah . he climb into the bentley drive off ... as the cruiser pull up around he ... and the uniform getout , gun draw , approach warily - to find donny astricky ... splay - out on the pavement ... laugh at the moon ... and , as jimi hendrix ' " crosstown traffic " blast on track , we CUT to : of the final series of boost ... 1 ) the maserati park and empty . sway breach it . expert . they drive off ... 2 ) kip and tumbler . clock a viper . they circle it .. it 's load with bell and whistle and club and a metallic voice that warn : " warning : you be too close the vehicle ! " over and over ... kip shake he head ... usher tumbler back ... 3 ) Mirror man and the sphinx deliver a aston Martin to the dock ... watch as it be drive into a container . the container load by gantry crane , onto the ship , lash to the deck by overworked longshoremen ... 4 ) helen raine . look out the window . listen to the scanner for word of she boy ... 5 ) the Big board . female name disappear like dust .. 6 ) castlebeck and drycoff . cruise the street . search ... 7 ) kip and tumbler return to the viper . this time , in a ramp truck . they raise the ramp . tie down the viper . a drive off with it , to be disarm at a later , safer venue as it continue its robotic exhortation of " warning . you be too close to the vehicle . " over and over again ... 8 ) all we team ... speed toward we ... in different car ... as the music fade and we end montage ext . 1443 locklin - judge croftas glass house - night where " Annie " the 137 roadster life as a objet d'art . figure in the thicket surround the property . Memphis , sway , kip , tumbler , Mirror man , the sphinx ... Mirror man have the mansion 's electrical BOX open ... he ' go through the wire ... cut alarm , phone , etc . Memphis be on the cell phone ... face grim ... he hang up . memphis donny get shot ... a jacker ... sway how be he -- ? memphis they get he to the hospital . he 's stable ... beat ... as they all reflect on this ... memphis ( cont would ) on a brighter note : 47 lady have check in for they South american sea cruise - this cheer they slightly . until , from the electrical box : mirror man get it -- ! and the few remain light of 1443 flicker and fade ... they regard the house for a beat ... sway now what -- ? no one 's quite sure ... they look at the house ... at all that glass ... then kip walk to they car ... kip pop the trunk , tumbler . tumbler what for -- ? kip I gotta get my tool -- and tumbler and Mirror man look at each other ... mirror man no way , home ... too late . the trunk be pop . kip reach in . come up with , yes , another brick ... and kip walk toward the house . toward the vast window ... mirror man ( cont would ) ( to Memphis ) ya ' gotta stop he , man -- but kip forges on , indomitable ... only he pass the huge glass window ... walk , instead , up to the front door ... and he smashes the brick down onto the doorknob . knock it clean off ... look back at the other with a wink . and enter the house ... tumbler run after he ... int . 1443 locklin kip walk through the dark house ... at last , come to the live room ... to " Annie ' . he get behind the wheel ... her ignition be quick work . he 's get she start , loud , in the quiet house . she cough a bit ; it 's be a long time . tumbler be there ... tumbler now what -- ? kip now , we go - and he drive she off the platform . tumbler direct he ... tumbler this way ... this way ... this ... her nose bump a zillion - dollar vase , which topple and shatter ... tumbler ( cont would ) that way ... and tumbler climb in beside he ... kip drive she around the huge live room ... and kip punch the gas ... and they drive the roadster down the hall ... and right through the OPEN door ... driving down onto the lawn ... up to they cohort ... kip see ya back at the ranch , kid -- ! and off they go ... vanish down the street ... the other watch after he ... Mirror man to Memphis : mirror man gotta tell ya , man : since you be back ? you have have a real calming influence on ol ' kip ... int . G.R.A.B. task force office - night drycoff come into castlebeck 's office ... detective drycoff they just bring in donny astricky . shot by a jacker ... detective castlebeck how be he ? detective drycoff he will live . but it mean you boy 's behind it . astricky be hold a list . they just fax it to we ... he hand castlebeck the list . calitri 's 50 . castlebeck note the last entry ... detective castlebeck let 's get out there . and have they run down every 167 Shelby mustang in the area ... find out where they be at . detective drycoff what for ? detective castlebeck you spend enough time down a man 's throat , you get to know he tonsils . do it ... int . warehouse - long beach harbor - night kip and tumbler deliver the roadster . Toby check it in . kip any more ... toby I dunno ... and kip get on the two-way ... kip any more , o -- ? otto ( o.s. ) you guy be through ... kip whatcha get leave ... ? otto ( o.s. ) " Carol . " a 198 mercede ... she life in the suburb ... kip we will take it ... otto ( o.s. ) it 's ear-marked for Mirror man and the sphinx ... kip we will take it . and they climb in behind a wait Jeep Cherokee ... kip ( cont would ) later , Toby -- but Toby 's not around ... kip ( cont would ) Toby ? no answer ... kip shrug ... and off they go ... ext . residential neighborhood - chestnut hill - night a nice neighborhood ... Upper middle class ... so damn suburban you can practically smell the gas grill ... a neighborhood security patrol car glide by they ... tumbler gettin ' fancy ... get they own palace guard - when , from the back of the Jeep : toby I never be to the suburb ... Toby be there ... have stow - away ... tumbler what be you do here , assface ? toby checkin ' it out he smile at kip ... kip look at tumbler ... drive ... at last , pull up to one house where the ' 98 benz - " ' Carol " life . kip park , a half block down ... they get out ... head for the house ... and there she be . " Carol . " obsidian black . in the garage . the garage be open . and three kide , two boy and a girl . late teens . they be stand around " Carol " ... drink beer ... listen to the new beck album on the car 's CD player ... the folk clearly out of town ... well -scrubbed , white suburban child of plenty ... the only crew they have ever run in be J. Crew ... from the hedge , kip , tumbler and Toby watch the kid ... with equal part fascination , loathing , envy ... and then , the kid go inside ... leave " Carol " expose ... toby I get this one ... and before the other can respond , he move for she . and she 's open ... Toby 's in ... Butterfly pop - gizmo in . the other start to get in when one of the kide come out from the house . he stare at Toby , who freeze mid-boost ... kip ( cont would ) ( whisper hiss ) get she start , man -- ! and Toby do ... and slam she in reverse . and they be off int . warehouse - long beach harbor - night the group - - Memphis , sway , freb , Mirror man , and the sphinx - have return ... the final car load onto the ship ... Memphis look out into the night -- memphis c'mon , kip - ext . residential street - " carol " - moving - night Toby drive they out , kip shotgun , tumbler in the back . but the suburb be confusing . they can not find they way out . toby which way 's out , man -- ? tumbler shit all look the same here -- they drive . only up ahead , block the street , light blind ... be two security patrol car - security cop on the strong ... gun draw ... kip shit ... tumbler run it ... Toby look to kip ... kip no ... toby what be I suppose to do ? Toby pin the gas . straight at the block ... the security cop dive out of the way . except for one stand tall and firing into the windshield ... into Toby ... the car swerve . go off the road . into a bank of mailbox . the security guard run for she ... kip , forehead bloody , switch place with Toby , get behind the wheel ... punch the gas ... get they out of there ... int . " carol " - moving - night kip drive like a wild man ... Toby be bleed something fierce ... shot in the chest ... toby Jesus , kip ... I be shot , man ... kip just hold on ... hold on ... tumbler what be we gonna do -- ? kip Hospital . tumbler we can not do that , dude -- kip look at tumbler ... they both look at Toby ... ext . warehouse - long beach harbor - night as the ' vette come scream into the warehouse ... kip explode out of it ... get into the back . Memphis go to the car , see Toby ... Front of he shirt cover in blood ... the other gather around ... mirror man Jesus ... Memphis climb into the car ... kip be hold Toby ... kip I do not know ... should we take he to a hospital ? I do not know . I do not . Toby be clearly die in kip 's arm ... toby kip. kip. kip . tell I : what 's gonna happen ? what 's gonna happen ? but kip be lose ... do not know what to say -- memphis you be gonna be okay , Toby ... you be ... we will getcha fix up ... toby no ... no ... no ... tell I what 's gonna happen ? kip ? tell I . what 's gonna happen ? the brother stare at the boy ... kip wipe he sweatstreaked face ... toby ( cont would ) what 's gonna happen ? I do not feel ... like ... this ... should .... happen ... right ... now . i...have not ... do ... shit ... tear run down he eye ... kip shhhhhh , shhhhh ... kip look to he brother for help ... memphis call 911 - mirror man call them here -- ? memphis do it ! now -- ! and Mirror man scurries for the phone ... Toby 's breathe come out in short staccato burst ... toby kip ... kip ... kip ... it do not feel ... it do not feel ... it do not feel ... good he look up at kip . all of the light go out of he eye . and Toby be dead ... kip hold he for a beat ... then pass he to a surprisingly emotional tumbler ... kip get out of the car , run for the opposite end of the warehouse ... the other be stunne ... Mirror man hang up the phone ... Memphis get out of the car ... he go after kip ... find he in one of the container ... grab he by the collar ... memphis what do I tell you ? what ? what do I tell you ? kip I do not know . what -- ? and kip look at he ... tear fall from the young boy 's eye ... and kip look so lose ... so like a little kid ... memphis come here -- kip what ? memphis come here - kip what ? memphis come here - and kip do ... he walk to Memphis ... and Memphis put he arm around he ... and that 's it . the floodgates open . kip begin to sob . deep , painful , rack sob . and then : kip I have miss you , man ... memphis I know . I have miss you , too and they hold each other ... kip Toby ... memphis I know ... kip Toby ... and they stay in the embrace ... and then Memphis unwrap kip 's arm from around he ... memphis stay here . stay here a while . I will be back ... kip nod , sniffles ... Memphis walk out of the container ... he stride up to the other ... glance at Toby 's clipboard , with all the car cross - out ... he go to sway ... memphis ( cont would ) give I a ride -- ? sway where to -- ? memphis kip 's not clear yet . we get one more to go -- and she nod ... and climb into one of the escort ... and off they go ... the other stand around the ' vette and Toby 's body ... angle - the clipboard . one car leave . Eleanor . as a super on -screen read : part iv : dream of you ext . INTERNATIONAL tower - dawn the sun just start to take all the purple from the night ... detective castlebeck and drycoff be park across from the tower in they unmark ... sway pull up a few block away ... Memphis have put on a fake moustache , wig , necktie ... sway you okay -- ? memphis yeah ... you -- ? she nod ... he look at she ... memphis ( cont would ) you should know : walk away from my mother , my brother , this town . be hard . walk away from you . nearly kill I ... and she smile sadly ... sway I know ... she take he hand ... squeeze it ... sway ( cont would ) good luck ... Memphis , now in gray flannel suit , wig and moustache , step out . as he head for the Tower garage ... in the unmarked drycoff be on the radio ... binoculars up , on the escort 's license plate - 635 ckg ... detective drycoff ( into radio ) one-baker - 11 ... 10-28-29 ... California 6-3-5 Charles King George . they wait ... sway drive off ... radio ( o.s. ) one -baker - 11 . 6-3-5 Charles King George . no want . not on file ... int . INTERNATIONAL tower garage Memphis walk along the car ... at last , he find she -- Eleanor . ext . INTERNATIONAL tower - day castlebeck and drycoff ... detective drycoff check it out -- he point ... the ' 67 mustang appear at the top of the garage ramp ... brake ... wait for the light ... castlebeck squint ... raise the binoc ... tough to tell .. Memphis drift into the stream of traffic ... detective drycoff ( cont would ) what do you think -- ? detective castlebeck let 's see what he 's about -- drycoff hit the light and siren ... Memphis see the car behind he ... memphis shit ... and kick it into gear ... detective drycoff hey , now -- ! he pin it ... and the race be on ... in the biggest way possible . this be the grand - daddy of chase scene here , so we will not take the easy way out . we will actually script it ... Memphis race out onto the busy street , drycoff on he ass . drycoff pull up alongside he ... so they can see he . but the wig and moustache prevent they from recognize Memphis ... other car suffer from the pursuit ... they go careen into park car , storefront , Harvard Square ... Memphis side -swipe drycoff 's car ... Memphis drive down the Memorial drive off - ramp , against traffic detective castlebeck 1 Baker 11 , in pursuit follow collision with suspect . suspect be male , white , 40 - 45 , six foot , 175 pound , gray hair , gray moustache , dark suit ... t.a. 's have occur ... Memphis race she down a alleyway ... and we hear , as we will throughout , the voice of the police dispatch ( o.s. ) switch to open channel 3 . all unit stand - by . police dispatch ( cont would ) 1 Baker 11 in pursuit of a ' 67 Ford mustang , license in the 6th column - 614 hso . repeat : 6-1 -4 Harry Sam Ocean . westbound on Memorial drive , against traffic ... Eleanor race past the Queen Mary ... crossing the bridge into Long Beach ... she fly down the street ... Memphis , remove he wig and moustache as he go ... another police car have join drycoff and castlebeck ... int . kiss - 108 radio station - day the jocular drive - time jock matty in the morning - be broadcasting in he studio ... matty in the morning we be get report that a big police chase have start right near we humble studio ... we will keep you post ... ext . eleanor - moving - memphis have the radio on ... hear matty ... he serpentine he way through the tangle of alley ... police dispatch ( o.s. ) all unit . stand - by to copy . 167 mustang be silver in color . one occupant . California license 6- 1 -4 Henry Sam Ocean . reason for pursuit be unknown . drycoff do he best to follow . another cruiser have join up . Memphis be drive like Richard petty ... int . long beach police station - day two dozen cop sit in the muster room listen to the dispatch . police dispatch ( o.s. ) ... suspect be head southbound on mount Vernon , at Cambridge Street -- the cop look at each other . Holy shit ! and race for the exit . because mt. Vernon and Cambridge be the address of the long beach police station where there be literally 15 police car park out front ... and Memphis have just arrive ... memphis shit ... watch the mad scramble as cop dive into they unit ... and try to get out of each other 's way ... fender crunch ... cop curse . Memphis bootleg - go reverse down the wrong way . Left on Cambridge ... Left onto City Hall Plaza -- CITY hall plaza be 10 acre of brick in the heart of downtown ... and now it 's like a demolition derby ... as drycoff / castlebeck and some 4 squad car be chase Memphis around the Plaza ... a police chopper have arrive on the scene ... camera out . Memphis take one more spin around the plaza , then see a shallow flight of stair by the back entrance to City . Hall . and he take they ... clump -kump-ka-dump-dump-dump and now he 's on some of the narrowest street in Long Beach . he fly through they ... a mad mouse in a maze ... int . kiss - 108 - matty in the morning watch the chase on tv , via copter -cam . still broadcasting . matty in the morning man , be this boy drive ! you go , boss barracuda ext . freeway Memphis race along he 's get 4 squad car on he police dispatch ( o.s. ) attention all unit . Pursuit be now southbound on the 33 from the construction area on kneeland Street ; all unit in the area assist . code 3 . he take the kneeland Street exit ... and he 's run out of road at a shopping district where vehicle traffic end . Foot traffic only ... here com the cop ... Memphis spin the wheel ... and he drive onto public park ... across the grounds ... past the dew - drench flora and the paddle boat lolling on the lagoon ... only there be squad car come from this side too ... and he 's pin . Police on the perimeter , he slow to a stop . cop jump out of they car , gun draw . Memphis in the center . police dispatch ( o.s. ) all unit . Pursuit have terminate at the Garden Park . repeat -- and castlebeck be on the bullhorn : detective castlebeck ( amplify ) you in the car . the area be surround . I want you out to step from the vehicle . hand on you head . Memphis consider he option ... he see the foot bridge over the lagoon ... hear the radio ... matty in the morning ( o.s. ) be we boy do ? have the boss barracuda be ground -- ? Memphis take out he cell phone ... dial ... int . kiss - 108 the coordinating producer come into the booth ... producer some guy 's on the phone for you , matty . claim to be the boss barracuda ... matty scramble for the phone -- matty in the morning hello -- ? int . eleanor - park Memphis in the middle of the gauntlet ... on the phone ... matty in the morning ( o.s. ) be this the boss barracuda -- ? memphis yes , sir . matty in the morning ( o.s. ) how you do , man -- ? memphis the truth be - my car here do not have a tape deck . you mind hook I with up with some drive tune ? matty in the morning ( o.s. ) you get it , brother . Memphis hang up ... hear : matty in the morning ( o.s. ) this one be go out to the boss barracuda . catch he if you can -- and he play Chuck Berry 's " no particular place to go " and Memphis smile ... memphis attaboy -- and punch the gas ... go right at castlebeck and the other ... smash through the squad car ... and across the foot bridge , over the swan boat ... police dispatch ( o.s. ) all unit . the pursuit be go again be it ever . Memphis drive out of the park .. and get onto another freeway ten lane of gnarly superhighway ... he open she up ... full throttle ... the chopper above he ... int . otto' salvage - day the gang be watch on the tv ... freaking out ... angle - kip . he slip out of the place . no one 's notice he go ... ext . freeway - toll booth ahead . Eleanor crash the gate go 98 , to borrow a phrase . but he ' 's drive too close to the shoulder , and he smashes into a light pole -- ! the car do a 180 ... landing with a horrible thud ... and here come the cop ... Memphis be wobbly ... look like he 's almost through . thirty cop car idle behind he ... police dispatch ( o.s. ) attention : suspect have t.a. would with light pole at the carson Street offramp ... Pursuit have terminate ... and Chuck Berry have come to a and matty oblige with Golden earring 's " radar Love " ... and this seem to rouse we boy ... because he get she start again ... memphis thanks , brother spin she around ... and go police dispatch ( o.s. ) that be negative . Pursuit have not terminate . repeat : not terminate . castlebeck and drycoff climb back into they car ... detective drycoff who be this friggin ' guy -- ? close on - castlebeck . because he 's get a sick feel who . eleanor take a exit ... and speed on through the with everyone in pursuit ... police dispatch ( o.s. ) attention all unit . Road block be set up at the eastern terminus of the Long Beach Harbor tunnel . use caution . ext . harbor tunnel eastern terminus it 's quite a road block . a dozen squad car . a wooden barricade ... the whole shebang ... ext . tunnel - eleanor eat asphalt ... come to the tunnel 's mouth ... to the road block ... Memphis pin she ... zooooom ! Dead - on to the roadblock ... and , at the last moment , as the cop dive out of the way -- Memphis bang the gear shift into neutral -- and yank the parking brake -- and the mustang spin on the straight -- ( and yes , this be exactly like we open ) screech spin ... it stop inch from the road block ... beat ... thirty squad car stop behind he ... police dispatch ( o.s. ) all unit . Pursuit have be terminate . repeat : pursuit have be terminate at Harbor tunnel Eastern terminus -- sure it have . Memphis ' foot slam on Eleanor 's pedal ... smashing through the roadblock ... Cars and cop fly ... and the dispatch guy be get piss . police dispatch ( o.s. ) check that , all unit . you guess it . Pursuit have not be terminate . Jesus Christ , will you catch this guy ? ext . long beach bridge a huge suspension bridge span the harbor ... except that on the Long Beach side , therehas be a terrible accident ... a eleven - car pile up ... paramedic this be rescue 2 ... we be at a scene of a 11 - car collision with multiple injury , respond to ladder truck code 3 ... we will need back - up and the jaw of life ... paramedics ... ramp truck haul away wreck car ... Fire engine ... bloodie victims ... ext . CITY street - eleanor take it on through the vast construction underway here ... and here 's we money shot : Eleanor . on Route 33 . coming at US ... follow by , literally , 20 police - car ... could be just about the coolest fuck thing we have ever see ... but before we have time to gloat : police dispatch ( o.s. ) all unit . suspect vehicle have leave the Harbor tunnel roadblock ... State Police advise they have a multiple t.a. on the Long Beach Bridge ... Accident be unrelated to Long Beach p.d. pursuit ... repeat unrelated to Long Beach p.d. pursuit . the area be close except to emergency vehicle . suspect be head in that direction . use caution in that area . repeat : use caution in that area ... the long beach bridge southbound traffic on the bridge ( into Long Beach ) be at a stand - still because of the accident ... the northbound side of the bridge be empty ... northbound traffic stop at the accident ... Memphis come to a stop 100 foot before the accident ... there be no way past it , onto the bridge ... all the cop behind he come to a screeching halt . he be truly trap . detective drycoff be thrilled ... detective drycoff gotcha now , dickhead -- but castlebeck 's not so sure ... he see a possible play ... so do memphis heavy sigh ... he shut off the radio ... and there 's a strange silence ... as everyone wait ... watch ... quick cut to -- -- matty in the Morning -- the gang at otto 's -- the carpenter in he wood shop -- helen raine , in front of she tv -- the chopper cop -- paramedics , cop , injure motorist , fire man -- castlebeck and drycoff ... back to memphis raine and eleanor ... another few beat of silence ... everyone watch ... he punch the gas ... ripping down to the accident site ... head straight for it ... and we fear he aim to smash the site , maybe further injure the accident victim - not we Memphis ... he 's head straight for the ramp truck park ass - end toward Long Beach ... ramp down ... Memphis rocket Eleanor at the ramp truck 's ramp ... straight on ... and the ramp launch eleanor in glorious super - sexy - bloodpump slo -mo over the accident site some thirty foot in the air ... evel -style ... detective drycoff you gotta be fuck kid I -- where she land in a crippling thud ... onto the empty side of the Long Beach Bridge ... cheer from the gang at otto 's ... the gang at kiss - 108 ... Memphis pull she to a stop ... look back at the scene ... castlebeck squint ... try to see if it 's he boy ... Memphis switch the radio back on ... matty have oblige ... Wilson pickett 's " mustang sallyo ... and Memphis drive over the bridge , the only car go northbound ... Memphis ride , daddy , ride ... int . woodburn construction - front office - day a half - dozen calitri soldier be here , answer phone , play card . int . woodburn construction - workshop the slide door be open . the casket for kip rest to the side ... calitri use a router to make a rabbet along the bottom frame of a plywood gossip bench . he sense something and turn to the loading dock - memphis have drive up in the smashed - to-shit Eleanor ... he climb up , enter the workshop ... calitri glance to the wallclock : 7:55 am ... calitri well , well . you have cause quite a ruckus ... memphis this be number 50 . we do it . it 's over where 's the money ? calitri right there - he gesture to a haliburton case ... Memphis open it ... there 's a lot of cash inside ... calitri ( cont would ) 200 K. just like we say ... memphis you should never have get my brother and he friend involved ... calitri but I have to . it be the only way to get to you -- Memphis look at he ... calitri smile ... memphis well , now , he 's clear . and you will stay away from he ... calitri I do not know about that , randall . he do such a good job on this paper . and another one just come in ... calitri go to the fax machine ... tear off the sheet .. calitri ( cont would ) it 's a easier take . 30 car . two week . most of they suv . go to Russia . think kip will be interested ? memphis you do not want to even sniff at that -- calitri grin . but then he smile go south , as he see , for the first time -- eleanor -- park out on the load dock . and she be smashed - to-shit . calitri well , that certainly will not do . memphis what do you mean -- ? calitri look at it . I can not very well make delivery of that thing ... memphis you get no choice . it 's over . calitri fifty car . fifty car by 8 am Friday . or kip go in that box . that be the deal ... goddamn , it ... that be the deal ... Memphis be by a table saw ... he flick it on . the electric motor rumble , so as to obfuscate , any noise in here ... calitri ( cont would ) what be you do -- ? memphis tell you what I be not do : I be not gonna let you get into my Kool Aid ... and Memphis be on he ... they go roll about in grunt and groan - eddyy of sawdust swirl - the noise of the table see drown out the sound of combat ... calitri be on top , grab a awl from the floor , bring the lethal point down to Memphis ' face ... Memphis hold calitri 's wrist , strain , the point inch from he eye angle - floor socket - right above Memphis ' head . with a last gasp , Memphis misdirect the awl so it stab the floor socket - a small clap of voltage shaking through they body , as they sprawl akimbo ... both man be momentarily paralyze as the electricity sort itself out inside of they ... calitri be up ; and he 's find the gun ... he crawl over to Memphis , climb on he , sit down hard on the young man 's chest ... but then Memphis grab he by the hair and toss calitri off he ... Memphis pound calitri 's head into the floor ... once , twice . Three time . calitri be out ... Memphis get to he foot , nose bloody . he catch he breath . only the door open ... and atley be there ... atley jackson Jesus , man ... what would you do ? memphis my version of " take this job and shove it ... " atley jackson be you crazy ? you throw down with the carpenter ? you get a grudge against you life ? but before Memphis can respond , there be approaching engine sound from up the alleyway -- as a panel van arrive . Memphis and atley look at the wall - clock . 8:05 . a glance to the unconscious calitri ... atley jackson ( cont would ) now you do it . and with you go - who will save kip the next time ... ? memphis this be all about there not be a next time , atley -- and the two man hold the look ... and the van door slam , as digger and butz , calitri 's grave - digger , get out ... atley go to the unconscious calitri ... and he pick he up , strain under the dead weight ... dragging the don over to the OPEN casket - one final burst of strength and atley drop calitri into the casket ... slam the swell top lid of the coffin . he turn to look at the shocked Memphis -- as digger and butz be there - atley jackson hello , boy -- ! digger hey ! what happen ? do they make it atley jackson they do not . a tragedy . digger Mr. c. around ? atley jackson he 's napping . he say to take it away ... atley gesture to the coffin . and they pick it up , move it to the van ... digger that will do ya . tell Mr. c. we be by . memphis absolutely . and they be go ... and atley turn to Memphis atley jackson ding Dong the witch be Dead , right ? memphis point-five ... and he hold out he hand ... and they shake ... atley jackson get outta here , Memphis -- and Memphis do ... nod to atley ... memphis thank you ... atley nod ... Memphis walk out to the load dock ... atley watch he go ... atley jackson hoo-boy . ext . calitri' workshop - loading dock Memphis walk to the batter Eleanor ... as Pearl jam 's " rearviewmirror ' crunch and a car come motor up to he . it 's another 167 shelby . another eleanor , a " for sale " sign paste on the back window . it 's be drive by kip ... memphis what be you do here ? kip I see she get smashed - up on the tv . knew there be no way he be gonna accept she ... memphis where would you find this one ? kip ya gotta keep tabs on you " eleanor " , Memphis . cos you never know when you be gonna need one -- memphis you boost she -- ? kip Hell , yeah . she 's not my unicorn . memphis move over ... kip do . Memphis get behind the wheel . drive ... ext . long beach boulevard - day Memphis drive ... kip beside he ... memphis you okay -- ? kip I dunno ... I keep think about he . Memphis nod . but then flashing light behind they ... a unmarked with code 3 capability - light &amp ; siren ... Memphis consider ... he could make another run ... but the look at kip ... enough be enough ... he pull over ... kip ( cont would ) what be you do ? you can outrun he ... memphis it 's over . the dumb shit be over ... the unmark pull up behind he ... the cop come over ... it be , of course , detective castlebeck . detective castlebeck I know you . memphis you know my back . castlebeck open he coat ... show stuff holster ... detective castlebeck it 's finish , randall . get out of the car ... you , too , kid ... Memphis start to get out . when castleback 's radio crackle . radio ( o.s. ) we have suspect vehicle match description at the woodburn scrap and Metal ... repeat : the suspect vehicle have just be apprehend at the woodburn scrap and Metal , 190 Street and campanza ... castlebeck frown , go to he radio . Memphis look at kip . kip I report it ... Memphis be impressed ... memphis not bad angle - castlebeck at he car , on the radio ... detective castlebeck dispatch , what 's the license on the suspect vehicle ... ? radio ( o.s. ) license be California 6- 1 -4 hso . repeat : California . 6-1-4 Henry Sam Ocean . and castlebeck look at the license on this Eleanor ... a vanity plate that say - my 67 ... detective castlebeck 10 - 4. and he go back over to Memphis ... detective castlebeck ( cont would ) look like we live to fight another round . you be free to go ... Memphis can barely believe it . castlebeck lean down , to kip : detective castlebeck ( cont would ) you brother 's a clever man and a talented thief , kipling . but as role model go , you should observe the man , not the thief ... kip yes , sir ... castlebeck sigh ... memphis do not look so glum , detective . it 's a beautiful day , the bird be sing , and there 's a container ship on pier 14 , that 's guarantee to bring you glee ... castlebeck nod ... detective castlebeck I want you go , randall . settle you affair . make it right with that you love . Hell , take them with you . but I want you out of here . out of here for good this time ... memphis consider I go , detective -- detective castlebeck I will catch you later , randall -- memphis double-mean intend -- detective castlebeck you betcha -- and Memphis race off ... ext . otto' salvage - day otto , the sphinx , tumbler , freb and Mirror man be sip coffee and eat donut ... they be exhaust ... Memphis and kip pull up in Eleanor ... he hand otto the briefcase . otto open it ... all that cash ... memphis Split it up . any word on donny ? otto he 's gonna be okay . could do a bit . memphis what happen to sway ? otto she leave ... he nod ... the boy be huddle together ... mirror man poor Toby , man ... a few beat of silence as they remember ; then shockingly : the sphinx if he premature demise have , in some way , enlighten the rest of you as to the grim finish below the glossy veneer of criminal life , and inspire you to change you way , then he death carry with it a inherent nobility . and a supreme glory . we should all be so fortunate . you can say ' poor Toby . " I say : " poor we .. " they all stare at he , stunne ... freb you speak the sphinx shrug ... tumbler say something else , man but the sphinx lapse back into he silence ... nibbles a donut ... sip coffee ... Memphis smile ... he take a stack of bill from the briefcase ... to kip : memphis you remember where you get this Eleanor -- ? kip sure , man -- memphis she 's for sale . they be ask forty thousand . give them sixty ... and he hand kip the cash ... kip you want I to buy she ? memphis shock , huh ? we be clear now . it 's do . I have never actually pay for a car . I want to see what it feel like kip nod ... Memphis look at a grin otto ... otto dinosaur . all of we . the Ice Age be now ... memphis I will see you soon -- kip where you off to -- ? memphis think I would go for a ride - he smile . the other do , too . Memphis head for Eleanor . kip hey , Memphis -- ? Memphis turn back ... kip ( cont would ) I will see you , right ? Memphis nod ... memphis you will see I ... and we pre - lap sammy John 's " chevy Van " and CUT to : int . bacchiochi be foreign motor - day sway , underneath a daytona ... we only see she from the waist down ... hand on she waist ... pull she gently out . Memphis . he bring she to she foot ... sway what be you do ... ? memphis see if you want to go for a ride ? and he use a rag to tenderly wipe a small black smear of oil from she cheek ... sway I can not . I get a back load of repair and one of the mechanic call in sick and I have not sleep and -- ( stop short ; see the new Eleanor outside ) where to -- ? memphis I dunno . I know a place . she look at he ... Long and hard ... sway this time it 's for real ? memphis oh , yeah . for real , point-five . ext . bacchiochi be - day and Memphis open the passenger door for she ... and she get in ... and she smile ... and Memphis climb behind the wheel . he neutral - drop Eleanor , chirp off ... ext . container ship - long beach harbor - day as two tug guide the giant freighter away from the dock ... all that container ... fill with car ... but here come a coast guard cutter ... churn for the ship ... detective castlebeck and drycoff on the deck ... stop this one cold ... ext . landfill - rhode island - day a vast expanse of trash and garbage and layer of earth . desert , except for the panel van park dead center . digger and butz slide the casket from the van , park before a already dug grave . as they move the casket , a knocking from inside . a pounding . and muffle cry . digger and butz exchange a horrify glance ... they stare at the casket , spook . butz do you believe this ? digger what should we do ? butz we gotta do what we gotta do -- digger shit . I hate the screamer , man . why can not he finish the freakin ' job ? butz forget about it . occupational hazard , digger . c'mon ... and just as we think they be sure to open it -- they drop the casket into the hole -- ! and begin to dump shovelful of earth upon it ; its unseen occupant thumping and pound and yell -- and soon the casket be cover in dirt . go . and we pre - lap the turtles ' pop gem " Eleanor " ( " you get a thing about you / I just can not live without you / I really want you / Eleanor near I ... " ) CUT to : ext . the 405 freeway NORTH - eleanor - moving - day Memphis drive . sway riding shotgun . Long Beach at they back ... Memphis look quite enthralled behind the wheel ... he love drive this car . sway watch he . he feel it -- memphis what -- ? sway nothing . just that if I be less secure , I might think you be more into Eleanor than you be I ... memphis she do have one thing you do not . sway what 's that ? memphis bench seat . and he grin ... pat the seat beside he ... and sway slide close ... he throw he arm around she ... and off they go ... as the turtles ' ( " Eleanor / gee , I think you be swell / and you really do I well / you be my pride and joy , etc . " ) sing on ... and we hear : memphis ( o.s. ) you like bingo -- ? and Eleanor drive away from we ... into the searing horizon line ... become just another single , yellow dot in the pointillist pattern that be the american road . the end