selznick INTERNATIONAL present " gone with the wind " from the novel by margaret mitchell star _ olark gable wivien leigh ' leslie howard olivia do havilland final shoot seript screon play by '' January 24 , 19359 . sidney howard produce by david 0 . selznice directed victor $ 1 '' 1 1 t i { ' 4 : the player in the order of thoi appearance : sp & g3k * soee George ' reeves eee Fred crane . vivien leigh we eeosHattie mcdaniel +»... 5 eeeeEverett Brown . - : vee eeecceccceecereerveensezack Williams | Gerald o'hara , eccoesceeethomas Mitchell pork . secsscese soeeese oscar Polk . . see scarlott o'haracccesscesscecceses mommy . cece rece racer reereteve eeee suellen o'hara , carreen 0 ! har : prissy ... John wilk . India wilk ... '' Ashley wilk .. _ Melanie Hamilton .. Charles Hamilton .. Frank Kennedy ....- cathleen calvert .. rhett butlor.csrseseses aunt " pittypat " Hamilton ... dactor meade . Mrs. meade Mrs. merriy rene picard.ercsssere maybelle merriwether . .. panny elsing ..... eeee Old leviesesece uncle Peter ...... + phil meade ..eseeue reminiscent soldier .. * Belle watle . .eseee the sergeant .. srceseere a wounded soldier .... _ a convalescent soldier - a die soldier ..... a amputation case ... ' a commanding officer . . a mount officer.sessssscece eeeWilliam bakewell the bartendor..sesesecceseocceceseceseslLae phelps the yankee deserter . .ssecevecceseeseece Paul hurst the carpetbagger 's friond..csseccoveses ernost Whitman a return veteran. coccsscovecsecesseWilliam stell a hungry soldtar , , ssvcseseccoceeecweess loul Jean heydt Emmy slattery . .ccccvcesenss seceseeselsabol jowell I Zankee ma lore set : rrreseeRovert Elliott ss poker- pla cg sevocvesesoeess gaorga meeker p p ving p wallis Clark sese Irving Bacon «eeeadrian Morris od , m.- Kerrigan olin howland evessexakima canust eeresedlue Washington eoseesetard bond seevesen caommie King pet eveiickey kuhn wf eeeeeeeLdllian kemble Cooper '' Ann rutherford eess Butterfly mcqueen — '' Howard hickman moe salicla rhett ee ) '' Leslie Howard test socceceess olivia de havilland ecceceseoeee rand brook '' Carroll nye marcella hartin '' Clark gable ~ ura hope crews '' Harry davenport - '' leona Roberts Jane darwell Albert morin '' Mary Anderson '' Terry shero dt ewilliem mcclain ©... + Eddie Anderson «.sjackie moran eee cliff ? Edwards exe ona munson sesveeeeeeekd Chandler eeoeereeee ga0rge hackathorne '' roscoe ate . John arledge eeric linden -.-. eeeetom Tyler 1 a eer eet non isda , with @ 5 ° p : the corporal . .cccrecce a carpetbagger or johnny gallegher ... ssess ' a carpetbagger business m a tonezaderressreccvveve his companionssesseses Tom , a yankee captain . se _ bonnie Blue butler .ssesee Beau '' wal es errererssecunep bonnie 's rutso se eevee ye nts ie staff . the production design dy cevecceec \ti.tem cameron Menzies Art girection dysscccceesecectesecevs lyle , wheeler : photograph by.eseo '' Ernest haller , a.8.c , . technicolor associate . , . '' Ray rennehan , a.s.c , mo wilfrid M. cline , a.s.c , , musical score by.eresee cevcveddax steiner assoclaco cs eeceec vece eee ' Lou forbe special Photographic effect by .. '' Jack cosgrove associate : Fire effedctasscere Lee Zavitz ce * costume design by ... sessececeseooe walter plunkett '' 2°. : " searlett 's hat oy . .csevececeecceceesssd0hn frederics inbertora oy. cess vccceoccseveceess joseph be Platt Interior . decoration by ... ++ 's Edward G. boyle supervise Film editor ... éeehal c. kern . associate Film editor .. '' James E , newcom : scenario Assistant . Barbara keon | recorder . see Frank maher makeup and hair monty westmore assoclatos ceciene : : dance director . wae of historian secccececevecevececec shl0 U2 G. kurtz *.. technical agvvisersysecerseeeeseveoess Susan myrick - wel praise | researcheeseessessseeseesseseroeep es sliiiian ky deighton * production marlager.scccseseeee «eeraymond a , xlune _ technicolor Co. supervision , '' Natalie kalmus . assoclalc cee eecercenecese «eHenri jaffa Assistant directorsescseveceeve eseric G. Stacey '' + second Assistant director ... eeeseeridgeway callow '' preduction continuity . vece have ' wveseelydia schiller : " connie earle * t . . mechanical engineersecessceseeer seeeeR. D. musgrave ' construction superintendent . «+ harold fenton : ' chhef grip.scceseecserve seeee Fred Williams in charge 's of wardrobe.sevesseeocecee edward fp , lambert 6 absoclate ereceeasecececcocevenechiarian dabney . : : elmer ellsworth 53 3 caste manager . ++ se eeeccseca coeee Charles Richards . Fred schuessler location manager. .ccseseeeeesceceseoekagon litson , scenie Department superintendent ..... Henry J. stahl : Electrical superintendent..csossseese wally oottel Chief blectrictan.sesceseceeedames potevin properties : ; managerssecsccseveeseececees «»eharold cole on the set .. ese arden cripe '' greende.eess drapessecercasccerreeseseces special property make by ..+.. , tara landscape by yseere still photographer . camera operator sescess '' Roy A. mclaughlin eejamé forney «eross B , jackman ++¢ Florence yock es Fred parrish '' Arthur arling Vincent farrar Assistant filn editor , soccorevceeee Richard van enger Ernest leadley " gone with the wind " pade in : there be a land of Cavaliers and _ cotton fleld call the Old South os . . here in this patrician world the of Age of chivalry take its last bow we . '' here be the last ever to be see of Knights and they lady Fair , of master and of slave oe . . look for it '' only in book , for it : : ' 4s no more than a dream remember , — .@ civilization go with the. wind see pade our. . : padbin : os : ext , front 's of tara = extreme tone shot . ia little pickaninny chase a turkey across the awn to - : " ward the verandah , a ext , front op tara = long shot we . id , oy the turkey . run past camera - the pickaninny after tt . in the b.gy , om the verandah , scarlett o'hara , in she billow skirt , form the apex of a triangle of which . the side be the tarleton twin - handsome , Long -legge , '' '' righ -boot , loung on either side of she with they . , mint julep . Brent be stand with he back to camera , block scarlett 's face from view , , Brent ces incl what do we care if - we be axpely from - eottege , ' seartett ? . the war 's go to start any day now , so we would have leave . . college anyhow ! ae " Stuart ' a : War ! wheel be not it exciting , scarlet ? that fool yankee '' actually want a ward we will show ‘em ! sot = | | i camera move in unobtrusively as Brent move aside and '' not ponger block she from view , to a large close up_of + . * scarlett : : : . ~~ fiddle - dee -dee ! War , war , war ! this war talk 's spoil all 's _ the sfoan ! at every party this spring ! I get so bored I could + soream . ' . y she make a motion to indicate in affect fashion just how annoyed she be by this boring subject , the twin look uncomfortable and embarrassed . scarlett see this and speak with all the superiority of ignorant youth . , : scarlett : besides , there to not go to be any war , 2° : ' cont iyve ( 2 ) . . : . : Brent ( snatenantiy ) et | tf can not go to be any war ! - hae we + Stuart of course there 's go to be a war} " scarlett '' — , . ' ; , great ball of fire ! if either of you boy say war jus ence again , I will walk in the house and sien ' the door ! ; Brent os bg tay ' but , scarlett ponent " stuart . ; . do not you want there to . be a war ? a scarlett rise indignantly and start toward the 9 door , . . Brent and Stuart call to she , both rise : fee beng have . { searlest honey , please . we 30 sorry , | | | . req ts Stuart - oe 7 ( ver2a talk ' about something else ... it promise we will , . oy _ searlett ( look at they ) , ara well , -- " " ( gonsider a. moment , pout ) all right . but. remember +- . ( look from ohe .to the other ) '' I warn , you . : a ee '' ay : ° ghe boy ; delighted , take the coquette by she arm and propel she back to where they be , mate as they go - and as they sit : Stuart be give over at twelve oak tomorrow . bront . : . , yea ; that 's a good ideal you be eat barbecue with we , arentt you , scarlett ? . scarlett ( who have be arrange herself and '' smoothing she skirt ooquettishly ) ' oh , 3 not T have not really think about that yet . I will think about that tomorrow . Stuart ... oo . but youfre give we all you waltze at the Ball tomorrow + ( nodd to he twin , then to himself , in succe { > a sion ae first Brent , then I , then Brent again , and 80 ome Brent t | 4 | | a C C . '' the night , be not you ? | : ' vo promise ? | continued : ive + get a idea - let 's talk about the’ ' barbecue the wilkese : | | oy sg _ continued ( 5 ) | : a ; scarlett ( reading { they on ) - and os _ wey , I would just love to «= . - have saul the jina be delighted and let out a yeni . . twin ( together ) , 7 whoopee ! eo pee es : scarlett ( emite '' demurely ) ss | . ty if only '' if saly I do not have every one of they take ale ln. peadye : catastrophes the boy be terribly let '' '' down . ' Brent ( atemay ) ae why , honey } = . a roe Stuart : . baby '' scariest y you cantt do that ! | cut et " " Brent oe how about 4 z we tell you a secret ? ae ) pye - scarlett ( snort ) . — '' A. seoret ! : . I — : ( she curiousity overcome she ) * ? | ty who about ? Le bes feta he Stuart well - ( headtatea then plunge ahead ) you kmow melanis handles from Atlanta - scarlett to immsdiato2y étsappoint , Brent Ashley wilk ? ' sausia ? well , she 's visttin ' , ' the wiikesis at twelve oak «= : scariott 7 eerie , '' - " Melanie hamtltonj that goody -goody ? '' wao want to lmow a * secret about she ? | ree it Stuart -- well , anyway they say < have hoard - he . al up interested . : . — — — . Brent ( unable to withhold he anxiety to tell . oo : the secret , break in on he brother ) ~ aahtey wilk Le go to marry '' ' nerd . v _ camera move in to a big close up of scariett 's : [ cig tee scarlett ( incredulously ) - soda a for : aahiey ? ; '' ts asntt soj . lo to egy a ea < ska 3 3 . bagk to scene . I ( > : ' the boy be unaware of the blow this hee be to scar | a lett and simply go on talk excitedly : . pre : '' stuart oe be may ' scarlett , of course itis sol : Brent you know the wilkese always marry they cousin . 2 ooiby : ‘stuart . . . a '' xow do we ) get ' all the waltze ? . . oe . scarlet ( sutomattoalty , , atun , sctettr ] of gourse .. ooo fan little away from scarlett . '' * Brent ( as they dance ) : whee - eel ir bet the other boy will . be noppin ' mada Stuart ( as they dance ) we two can '' handle tem '' / and atart away , suddenly they be aware of this and _ step $ 0 the edge of the verandah , call after hers : Le Brent ane scarlett ! | ote . sta hae to a. stuant - waere tre you go ? , _ medium shot - scarlet ? - ( coscrove ) . scarlett , she face a study in pain and shook , walk geigtiy , determinedly away from the verandah toward . scarlett ( with passionate intensity , to hers 7 : self as she go ) be : it de ! ) true ! rt cant be truei Ashley love nme ! we * groser suo ? -. the twins os evil gaze after scarlett . ' Brent : now what do you suppose have get into she ? '' * Stuart . do you suppose we say something that make she ' nad ? ( turn to he brother : look . do not it look to you like she would have ask '' we the : stay , to supper ? : '' the nvoy jump up , '' elate , and wate around in a dance , a they . have not notice that scarlett have rise to she foot _slose shot = mammy she stick she head , out of ( a upper window and call ; . . pot meimy _ miss scarlett ) miss searlett !. where you goint widout yo ! - ahawl , and the night air fixin ! to set in ? and huccome you . ; dant ask the gempmum to stay for supper ? you , ain ! get no + more manners dan a flel ' - han ! = and after miss ellen and I , do labor wid you . come on in de-house , come on in be - - fore you get you death o! dampness , : : : ; glose shot - scariett — ; she stop and look back , fe — memmy 's voice ~:~ miss scarlett , you come on in de , house ! | scarlett ( call back impatiently ) . nod : itm go to wait for pa to come home from the wilkese , . sexose : shot - mamie ~ in waonpow come '' on in hock ! come '' ond tmp ' umph ; oe ext , bell tower - gara = '' ( suiser ) two little pickaninny be on . the huge wheel above the ground , force it to revolve throw they weight from one side to the other . this cause the quit bell to day 's work be finish . ee be cotton field , '' slave at work plow furrow . the quit ' bell 1s . hear faintly . one of the slave , elijeh , stop . | elijen ' ping - which be though message to the field hand that the . quittint time . elijah sharply . iy bag sem . she sata ? oe es og wip , bhjak ~ { be ee bez. a S ! soy - ny : Big Sam '' : : pout tae eee aha at : . you can not sez . 3'se de ' poahman _ tise de one . that sez when | se . | . , iet : time to quit . — vo ' m ' continued : ° ' another huge black slave , imown a 8 blg sem ) , ' gurn , ob xg , -coweited ( 2 ) oo I '' sig '' gem '' ( eat " tne call to the ' other 's slavoa ) quittin ! ' g4 mee the other .. shave 's atop ) wort . '' the bel stop 's minging i . ; series of . cur of > quritriNe tne be the plantation | long 's shot = gerald o1hara on he finely breed big white horse ' riding at breakneck 7 speed toward direction of the plantation . he jump he horse across a narrow stream to a glade where a half '' dozen fine saddle horse be pasture . . they stampede as Gerald gallop in ' and out of the scene , ducking expertly cunder the low-hanging branch of a tree as he pass . a ) the ee enter gcene 's on he hunter , ' riding toward camera , he. jump the fence to the road , cross the road at a angle , head directly for the fence at the opposite side of gat road . as the horse fake off for the second samp , : y cut to | : ! '' the other 's side of the fence - on the plantation cron 7 t as the horse clear it , eabtly " e '' and tend , pee ts sen close shot - gerald ; erald pull up he rein , pat he novnt . _ - Gerald ( to hig horse ) . | : there 's none in . the County can touch you , ' hor '' in the : ' state . : '' he set about smoothing he hair and hia 's cravat : lot scarlett 's laughter be hear off scene . Gerald look in she direction . . . : scarlett , leugh , vung szongsiae a pond , toward Gerald . : scarlett ( call ) . : so 4 ltt prout of yourself you arel ko tm i | | | " cowrmnve ( 2 ) '' * and start toward scarlett , 88 she enter , to bim , he '' pinch she . cheek ... : ont ave Gerald . so wel , Katie scarlett o'hara . so youve be spying on I ? ' ns ( with indignation ) sy - and like you sister , suellen , you will be fell you mother | ' on I - that I be jumping sgatne . that ei : not : : scarlett ch , pas you know I be no tatéle - tale ike suellen . but it . do seem to I that after you break you kmee last year ~* jumping that same fencese Gerald '' . to not have I own daughter teittag '' I what z shall jump and not jump . it 's my ow n'neck , so it be . : ._ he slap he horse , and the horse start out alone ) 135 " geaplett wee mee all pight '' Pag you dump what you please . . scarlett link she arn in he , and they start to walk by , the water 's edge toward the house . ' not ! - seaplete = | how , be ) they , aul over at twelve . oak ? ud ' geralaé ss * . the '' waticesee ? oh , in the stew you would . expect with the barbecue tomorrow , and tialice nothing but war -= a - scarlett 's ( interrupt ) ~ a bother the ' wart wass .. be anyone else there ?. 7 Gerald oh ... they cousin Melanie . Hamilton from : Atlanta , cand ner brother Charles . . a shadow passea over '' searlett ! 's face , 2 hich darieon , wath anger and dislike . - : '' scarlett ( contemptuousiy ) Melanie Hamilton ! a pale - face , meaiy - mouth ninny and I hate she ! 3 i Gerald ' Ashley witke do not think 800 : ad scarlett ( flaring - . aaniey wilk could not like anyone . ike she ! ': . not , Gerald - what 'a you interest in Ashley ' and ' miss Melanie ? , " ++ scarlett ° - on , sete - - ltt nothing '' lett go in the housé , pa . * continued : continued ( 3 ) Gerald - have he be trifling with " you ? : have 's he ask you : to '' marry hint scarlett now . . . . a m no , nor will hel '' be aad it in strictest confidence from jona , a wilk this afternoon , that Ashley 's go to m misa y Melanie , ' it will be announce tomorrow night at '' Ball . scarlett take the news badly . tear come to she eye , _ mavoluntartiy she blurt out : 5 : . scarlett = ' do not believe it ! : ( she fly off on 'a , run ) '. ae : " Gerald ( call after ner ) herel ' whete be you off to ? scarlett ! " the , authority of he voice stop she , . Gerald what : be you about ? . . : ( he catch up with she and take she by the arm , with dawn realization ) have you be make a spectacle of yourself ? '' running about after a man who 's not in love with you when you might have any of the buck in the County ? : : scarlet tt have not be run after '' he . itts '' ( she turn away from.him ) - ' , e ' att deat @ surprise , that 's atde : Gerald at now. do not . be jerkin ' you chin at I . '' '' ( he follow she , put he arm around she ) ' if Ashley want to marry you , t'would be with misgiving . I would say " yes . " I want my . girl to be happy . , .and. you would not be . _ Rap py with bim ' scarlett 4 woulay , I would Gerald '' t '' bat what difference do it make who 's you marry , so long as '' '' heta a southerner and think like you ? ' tear of frustration come into soarleté 's : ney . she bow '' i she head . Gerald take she arm ; they start 5 wallce again , i turn toward a rise of ground , of Gerald | and | when I be go '== nobserve she 12 pay no attention ) _ I will leave tara to you -- . continued : v= do not want taral plantation do not " ' mean anything when . . why , '' worth fight for , worth die for - because att the only 's ' oh , % , you ' talk like a irishman . gontinued ( 4 ) ° scarlett ' Gerald ‘( stop in he track '' indignant ) - do you mean to tell I , Katie scarlett o'hara , that tara - that land do not mean anything to you ? . es scarlett do not answer . they lave stop near the top : of the hill that command a view of the surround 2 sountry -side . Gerald gecture : off with bis arm 4 _ slast |. ob + - prolonged panning ' shot of tee righ , ' beautiful land ' of tar prom there viewpoint | st so ' Gerald 's voice ( continue ) land 1s the only thing in this world worth work or , thing that last . back to 0 shot - gerald and scarieet . scarlett ( disgust ) , ger : : oe ald % i n18 proud iam that I be - irish , and aontt you be : forgetsta ' , waey that ; youlre half trish , | too -_ - a i back 20 . panoramic '' shor Gerald 's voice ( continue ) a 7 and to anyone . with a drop of irish blood to ' then , why ' the | ~ land they live on be like they mother , ' ch , but there , there now , you be just a child . it will come to you , this love of the and - there 's no get away from it tf you be irish . . reverse shot on the back . of ' gerald and scarlett '' leok at the land . , . Gerald put he arm around she . : * gilnouett figure of Gerald o'hara and hig daughter gaze over the land of tara , beautiful in the sunset , to the thematic musical accompaniment which we will use for tare throughout the ploture . . fade in : ext , tara ~ long shot - ( wosenov ) ' ellen otharat ' carriage drive up the aziveway ' approach - ' ing the ' houde . ' camera retreat back , back , . back , until we have the tiny , - ft 10 " - ar. tara hall - staircase - mammy - night mammy be discover . on the landing look out of the . window , she turn , excited , have see ellen 's care '' plage approach . . ote * memo . be yon she come ! miss scarlett ! miss. suellen ! miss carreen ! - you ma's. home ... . ‘( she hurry down the stair , mutter to berasit , . camera following with her ) - actin’ , lak a wet nurse to dem low - down , po ! white trash - : slatterys ' tstead o! bein ! here eatin ' she supper ! . . fcall off toward the back of - the house ) = | 2 '' Cookie ! stir up de fiah - miss ellen 's home ! .. ( she continue down the stair , I cortig ) misa , elien get no business wearin ! herseff out ... of i ( she eress through the hall , pass 1 pork :at the . wm. table in the hall ) . . pork ! . 'a ae La pomle gie yas be . - . . mae ds kobe bec mammy take 's de - ' lamp eut on de . porch . " she. pass by the open door to . ' the. study and call in to . Gerald who be sit there : : . '' vemmy ' a mist ' Gerald , miss ellen 's home <-*. i ' ab . : ( hurry on toward the front . door , '' yeLda mutter ) . wearin ! herseff out waitin ! on dem pot . white trash -- - memmy be . now at the front door . in a corner beside it . be a couple of dog who be bark in . excitement , and . . a. iittie , sleep , color boy . shut. up , dog ! barkint '' in de house dake that ! git up from '' dere , boy ] doan you hear miss ellen 's come ? - git out dere | an! git she medicine chist ! : . : have ' the pickaninny scramble to he foot , .and he and pork 8 out 30 the verandah . ext , verandar the carriage have draw up in front of the step , pork hurry forward with the lamp and hold it to - light the 2° way as Mrs , ellen o'hara get out .. several hound dog swarm on the verandah and teap abouy4 er delightecly . . pork rno 4 23 |“ contmved ( 2 ) , ellen ( wearily ) ....... exeta 's all right , pork , I be home . '' '' as she atart up the step to the verandah , jonas wil= kerson step out from the shadow where he have obviously : _ be wait . he be nervous , swirl he hat in he wilkerson , : ur , o'hara , we finish plow the creek dottom today . what do you go I to start on tomorrow ? . elien ( pause ) Mr. wilkerson. oe . ( regard hin with obvious distaste ) mile : I have just come from Emmy slattery 's bedside . your. ontad have . be borne + ; . cet he '' wilkerson ( pretend astonlehnent ) ls uy child , : matam ? I be sure i.do not understand -- ellen ( coldly , completely dteregard b he .. , performance ) . wee be bear . and «= mercifully '- have die . good night , Mr. wilkerson , ~ jot reverse . angle : . , , feature wilkerson 's etihoustt head in '' the '' tege , a - '' ook of hatred on he face as ellen pass by he through the open door into ths house . pork follow : she , carry he iemp .- the door close . not , MAIN hall * ellen inside the front door . emmy have come back into the hall and be take blle 's hat and coat . pork set the lamp down on the opposite end of the hall table : fron its mate . _ tey start down ths hall toward ellen 's atudy . not ae ° memny * '' yasin | . camera '' precede blien as she walk into the study where . Gerald be wait . — blle go to he . : . you ellen ae mode I , ottara ; , you must dismiss jonaa wilkerson . continued : ee ce sconbinued ( 2 ) ) 00001 bo '' Gerald | oe . , dismiss hin , Mrs , otfara ? - beta " the beat 's overseer '' to the '' 2 " County . : 2 ( she ' go to ' the ‘other end '' of the ' room to pick BP she prayer Book ) watt '' °' Gerald '' : pee wear - the yankee™ wilkerson and - the ' white ' trash stattery sinh - : ho! 4 _ creugh . a ‘ol : '' glen ( on she way sit . ythe. door ) , weta. ' dtacuss bt later , Mr. of o ! hara , 's : Gerald ° '' yes , mrse : o'hara , ( he follow she out into ! the : hati ) '' '' dy hale , ellen 's daughter , suelien | and carreen , fly . down the : '' stair toward they mother , scream and gurgle _ scarleté follow they a little more slowly» , . eesti : . Girls - ( togetiier ) mother ! . ~~ @here '' mother ! . good evening , mother ! ven pte gh tate '' suellen °° ' in my pink ! why can not she wear ny pink anc let I wear - searlest 's green dreas} — . : a > carreen have mother ] can not I stay up ' for the bali ? - '' ' por we os , they meet ellen at the foot ! of the ' stair , »... be . suellen = want to wear scarlett 's green aress} !: ellen {she turn to 's carreen ) . have continued : searlett 's new dress be prettier than mine ! I look a fright '' 2 do not like you tone , suelien , ° you stn gown ka lovely . ~ et mcm ry 26 continued ( 2 ) - carreen = i , santt I stay up for the bent tonorrow night ? , oe mother . - : ellen ‘( over she ' shoulder $ 0 suellen ) but you may wear my garnet with it , : * guellen gurgle delightedly . blien '' look over and : see scarlett who have hang back and who as stand stiently at the } foot of the stair . : : , carree ; wy can not I stay up for ' the ball ' somenrow intent ? ee ellen , not anewor , go to scarlett and take she < n ellen $ oe - searlett , , you . ' look fine , ay ' dear , ' lot worried about fou . oa scarlett : = oh , : itm all right , mother . carreen ( insist ) oh , why can not I stay up for the bail tomorrow night ? rim '' thirteen nove / wey loe ° ~ etien a : now , you ney go to the barbecue end stay up '' through supper . . she continue on into the live room for prayer . '' : suellen come 's near to scarlett , . : 2 suellen wt ° . . don ! t want to wear you tacky green adress anyhow ; stingy ! . scarlott 's hand dart out , and she give suellen 's heir . 12 vicious yank , stas . : scarlet oh , hush up ! . . , suollon gasp , - but , before ' sho can retaliate ellen 's . voice call : : ellen ( ore scene ) my : prayer , giris . ' ' ; suellen assume a " demure expression and go toward . though parlor , scarlett follow slowly . : ~ beep to -- dissolve to : '' int , parlor - '' tou | & cirele of yollow light ellen the on the floor on she 7 imeca , though open prayer book on though table before hor and . se continued : + , gontinued ( 2 ) she hand clasped upon 1t. Gerald be . kneel besids she ; scarlett and suellen on the opposite side of the table , they voluminous petticoat in pad under they . - kmee ; carreen kneel face a chair , she elbow on . the seat . the house . servant be kneel by the door . 's 's way : mommy ; pork , straight as a ramrod ; two maid , graceful in spread bright calico ; the cook , gaunt . . and yellow beneath she snowy head - rag ; prissy ; and a . Little color house boy , very sleepy . they dark eye '. ape gleam expectantly . ellest eye be close , she voice rise and fall , '' inllingly and adothingly . the negroe sway as they rej . spond , . . . a ellen -- and to all the saint that I have ' sin exceedingly in think , word , and deed through my fault , * hrough my fault through my most grievous fault - -- - ellen and ali mo = therefore I beseech bless Mary , ever virgin - - close sho ? - scarlett — her face , have ' come up ag though to ' show ' the diety . ' the '' ott depth of she suffer . she do not reapond with the ou - other . - all ( except scarlett . 0 . se ) - '' bless Michael , the archangel , bless John the Baptist <+ . then a bright light seem to turn on suddenly within ieh , psearlett , and a ecatatio smile spread over she facee 5 . scarlett ( as she look up with guiden revelae tion , gasp to herself ) but b Ashley do not know I love he , ( a sudden think ) tad tell he and then 'ke can not marry she ! mr - wa on close shor - ellen kt ' she look over severely at searlett ' as ahe '' continue the prayer . ellen and 's all : " choose shot - scarlett , 's she realize hor : mother 's eye be on she and bow she . 5 head with the other . lo a oe x ao : bite scar ett ( join the. '' gthor ) . cos -. jee and all the Saints to pray to the Lord we God for I . continued ; for | rno . a , 15 gontived ( 2 ) 0s 4 '' > on the portrait of the , phous scarlett , we : oe * ' : ote , fade ours sath tet . ? fade mm : — _ : wae : be mte . scarlett be bedrool - close sho ? : scarlzed | day : '' stand in she wnderolothes and stay '' ' ching to the : bedposte , '' soarastt ( gusptag es as jar ain pein . suddenty , as ° oh . . . oe8e , mammy be pull she _ tighter ) . oo wy I camera pull back to a long shot of the room to ' show \that mammy be lace scarlett 's stay , on the bed lie ya tong clothesbox with scarlett 's dress for the Ball . . mammy ' hole on ant suck in as ' this moment , prissy edme in the room S eetthe a '' hay file - of food . she start to set it down . scarlett see she , wd " : * scarlett ( over she shoulder ) . . ait can take all that back to the kitchen ! I will not eat a ite : : so , . prissy , scared , start to turn away ' ork the tray . 's we . mammy ee : a oh , yas be , you be 3 you 'se sine | ter eat evely moufful of gis , : - memmny 's win . prissy aet down the weay and beat a hasty retreat . . . ae : " seamlett sit . no , it notl — : ( she glare at mammy ) . so put on the dress because we be late atzeady . . mammy ( give the last ' eug ) whut * mah Lamb gwine wear ? . x i ha sete eo qe | ' oh ' searlett ( point to 'a flusty , dress ) that . '' cee es mommy ( in arm ) i no , you ain ' { you kain show yo ! buzzum befo ! three o'clock . : .. ( scarlett grab up the 's dress ) ° . i ant gwine '' to speak ter yo ! ma " bout youl * scarlett : '' oo . if you say one word to mother I will not eat a bite . -?° *. mammy , who have 's be on she way out , suddenly stop dead on thige she admit defeat by come back to scarlett continued : yt . . , co 16 " $ 1934 _ continued ( 2 ) bs , , a and carefully drop the twelve yard of green sprig - ged muslin over the mountainous petticoat and hook up the top of the tight , low - cut basque , : oo mammy ( mutter ) : : keep yo ! shawl on yo ! shoulder . ah ain !:aimin! of ! you to '' git all freckle after de buttermilk ah do put on a you all '' _. @is winter , bleachin ! dem freckle -= : 2 the dress on - and to scarlett 's satisfaction - moser ~ ' mammy - a now miss scarlett , you come on a ! be good : ent eat jest a . " scarlett ( beladgerent and determine ) no} itm go to have a good tim today and do my sab at ° manmy ( square off ) ~ EL yo ! do not care whut folk say tout dis tenbiy ; '' ka do ! a have tole you a ! tole you that you kin allus tell a lady by de way that she eat in front o! folk lak a bird / a ah ain ! aimin ' fer you to go ter mist ! John wilk ! an! eat lak . scarlett ( she pick up she parasol , go ' toward the door ) ' Ashley wilk tell I he like to see a girl with a healthy appetite . L memmy ( shake she head ) ~ whut gempmum say a ! whut dey think ia two aiffunt thing . ant ah ain !' notice mist ! Ashley axin’ ? fer ter mahy you . this stop scarlett . she turn , throw down she parasol + viciously and sit down to the tray , start to throw the food down hastily and distastefully .. a . ' mammy , . so : now don ! eat too fast Mo use havin ! 's it some ' right back up | agine . . scarlett , eat , now discover that she can take nour- ' vishment after all . side . - Gerald 's voice ( ose ) : goarlett scarlett otharal be tbe ee . _ scarlet be on she foot and aastity preparea bo reave , , ' '' Gerald 's votce . - ie youtre not here before I count _ten , Katie seartett , wet be go without youl : ~ . cos . _ continued : _ burn back to the trey , . - | chee coe of the barbecue . . be _& f4el ' han ! an! gobble lak a hawg . . : . at ' piddle - dee -dee , oe ae wy . '' Gerald 's voice be hear call impatiently from out . . heen _ 17 conndyued ( 3 ) , / : '' scarlett get up , run bo . the window , and look out a .. phe calla in answer , ~ oe . . . scarlett ( calla down ) tm comin ! , pal we od a scarlett turn back into the room , 's get on she kmee to . recover the parasol which have land under a dresser . scarlett - lafuente through the day without belching . she be out the door , and as mammy , who have gather up . . the clothesbox from the bed , start to follow , we aiwida dissolve to : extn . * counrae road ant twelve oak in distance . '' ( coscnove ) - extreme long shot 4 the o'hara carriage ' and Gerald on horseback . in the ° or ' distance ahead of the o'haras , we see other 's carrtoge '' on ? the road go toward twelve oak . pork be drive the ' o'hara carriage . mammy be on the seat beside he with the long clothesbexes contain the girl ' dress for - the evening . suellen , cavreen , and scarlett sit in back , Gerald , riding alengsid , '' pay little attention to he daughter . hé be sing : " peg in a low back car . " . , dissolve to : ext , verandah twelve oak = day - John wilk , silver haire , erect , and radiating hospi- . oh , oh dear , my stay be ao pignt , I ' now T enol never sot , : '' tality , stand on the verandah step greeting arrive '' , geest . around they the hubbub and activity of swarm - * " ong guest , the o'hara carriage have just arrive and - we . follow gerald as he 's come up the last step toward , John wilk . . , Gerald weil , '' John wilk , it 's a ' grand '' dey '' youth , be. ' havin ! for the barbecue . : . {they shake hand ) jes : * John wilk Te - so | ao seem , '' but why be not Mrs. o'hara with you ? tr ' '' Gerald a a ( 3 t uo oh , 8 she 's after settling account 's with ' the overseer , : se _ be along for the Ball tonight . vis no 's India wilk 's come up alongside she father and greet Gerald , boo . continued : ecco += 18 x36 ° continued ( 2 ) . ° indda - . welcome to twelve oak , Mr , ofhara , Gerald = 7 % . mienke you kindly , India . . ( turn to wilk as he exit ) '' i you , ' daughter 's get prettler every y aay . '' John , '' ( he pinch she cheek ) wi2k and India laugh apprectatively , Gerald pass on : toward the entrance to the hall , call " good morning '' to some one as he leave . John wilk . turn to India who 4s start away . John wilk d8 wes ted he ews tnata , here be the o'hara girl . we must greet they . India ( with a toss of the head ) I can not ' stand that scarlett . if your see the way ahé throw herself at Ashley -- per : John wilk - now , now , that 's you brother 's business '' indie - - you renem= : ber you duty as hostess . ' he atarte down the step and help 's the ginus out ‘of + they carriage . : : . a v ypjomm ily ° ; goo morning ; , iss carreen - you 'l morning , scarlett . i , '' : searlett and she stater reach the step where , indla ts : wetting . . ls '' lookt lovetz good | : wh ob tole , scarlett : Way , india wilk , what a tovely ' areca ! suellen perfectly lovely , darling . ' _ , carresn - fst sevesrt : . he dress , but leok - , seartett ‘( not ook a ing around for ashiey ) | I just , can not ' bake ny eye off it . . . ho i qu . she move on into the hall , | camera following her in , . still look around anxiously for sight of Ashley . the po : hall ts crowded with guest , most of the young belle - 4 ' and blood of the County be present . the girl in . i to orinoline and the laugh young man in fawn and grey so trousers . color maid be hurry up the stair bear - , ing the long box contain they mistress ! gowns ' for the evening . the wilk ' butler and he assistant hurry through the hall , bow end grin and fof | ls . : oh , - continued : | continued ( 3 ) the * offer tall , mint top , frost glass . Young man wih " greet scarlett eagerly as she move through the crowd , : scarcely notie thelr 7 sgetingss she mind on Ashley alone . q : " feminine voice . masculine voice : - scarlett , honeyl ... - youtre look mighty fine misa scarlett , good mornin 's ... this morning , miss scarlett , where you goin ' , scarlett ?... ' good mornin’ , miss scarlett ... . soarlett , honey ! where you wait a minute , scarlett !... _ go ? ess ' . it 's a pleasure to see you , miss scarlett ... : : soartett ; ( scarcely turn she head ) be | good norin ! aoe mornin ! eee mornin ! ees coe J. qlose up < " aseley <- ( on stazr ) | ' as he-reach the lowar step < a ' ptm scart in 'his , hand . he look up at sound of scarlett !s voice feat awwo shot ' soardett ' stop a tow ! ' pace away 's '' erom he . . I 8 rarr like to . sut t - I have something to tell you , i - : scarlett tl , toe tive 's be look for you everguiere . '' I have get 's something I " i : must tell you - can not we go someplace where it 's quiet ? . : _ ( ane be smile and beam ) oo a fog yes ; something I 's - ' I hope you will be glad to hear . " scarlett ' !s face be a mixture . of fright and hope . Ashley take she arm and start to lead she down the hell . woth Ashley '' - a but , come say " relic ! 740 my cousin Melanie first . ' gearlett too. : { : i j : oh , €o wa have to ? wot oath fs ven continued : '' s9 .. - cowpmnven ( 2 ) aan Ashley : she 's be so look . forward to see you . again '' . soarlett 's face be a sullen mask . by now they have come upon Melanie , whose back be to they and to the camera . - ! '' ' she turn toward the camera on hearing aanteyta vote and she face light up with the great friendliness . three shot - scarlett ; melanie , and ashley Melanie ( advance toward they ) . scarlatti iim 80 glad to see you . again ! : ' scartett ( gush '' 4nsincerely ) . é 2 . Melanie Hamilton ! . what a surprise to run into you '' here ? z hope you be go to stay a few day with we at least , : . during scarlett 's line Ashley have be tenderly adjust - " '' ing the scarf over Melanie 's shoulder = almost ag if in capesse scarlett watch , jealous and resentful , throughout the remainder of the scene ‘ashley grow '' ine ' . * epeasingly embarrassed and annoyed at scarleté 's cattic | " messe . melante : , - =z hopeti12 be able to atay ' do enough for - we to : become peak friend , scarlett . ido so want we to be . fe va Ashley ( quite - lightly ) . welll 1 keep she - here , will not we , scarlett ? " + scarlett soak the : on , wetld '' just have to make : the biggest '' gass over . ner will not . wy , Ashley ? : : ° ( link she arm through Ashley 's ; to Melanie : ) } - and if there 's anybody know how to give a girl a good time , ? . it 's Ashley . though I expect we good timo here will . scem _ terribly silly to you because you be so serious . , . Melanie ( laugh ) : . ~ '' oh , scarlett , 's '' you have so much life . ' tivo always admire you '' '' 605 T wiah I sould be more like yous : so ' scarlot . you must not flatter mo , melanio , and say thing you do not aot mean . be | moland a La embarrassed , ana Ashley come to she rescus . continued : v i i | or pale continued ( 2 ) ° i e a Ashley | : : uc : 7 oe . nobody sould accuse Melanie of . be insincere to hng ( to Melanie ) - could they , my dear ? scarlett dss . on ' well , ' then she 's not like you , the '' she , Ashley ? '' ( with a fake laugh ) : Ashley never mean a word he say to.any girl . '' . yy ( she turn straight to Charles Hamilton , Melanie 's : .° drother , who have come up beside they ) - . may , Charles hemilton , you . handsome old bhing , youl . wo . . gnaptes ee a - but o¢e ..0h eee misa o'hara ween po a : " scarlett turn back to metante as Charles etonpte to . say more loy hess . ned lak aan '' a ' scarlett =~ oo = do you L think that be kind to bring you good look brother down here sa to break my poor , simple , country girl 's heart ? a she have extend she two hand to Charly in a manner that be neither poor nor simpis ) . close shot - , suellen and india wilk °7 eh '' who stand apart . they have observe the scene between ' scarlett and Charles } hem ton ; and India look like a thundercloud . . os , | i gh , suellen. ee . , , be loot at scarlett ! she 's never , even notice Charles before . .. now just because he 's you beau , she 's afser he like a hornet . back to group ° xn searlett ( gush ) ' Charles Hamilton , I want to 'eat barbecue with you , and mind ' you do not go off philander with any other girl , ease I and 5 mighty jealous ! ' , . Charles '' : oh , a will not , miss o! haraj ' how , ' could zh , scarlett atart up the stair , look back toward , Ashley | to bee what impression she be make . a oo " , z. i oh scarlett on ' stair 1 she accost pranle Kennedy whe be come down , still cast ~ ing glance over she shoulder hope that Ashley be no - ticing . ° continued : 22 D cer '' 44 cope ( 2 ) ° be wo 's . . . '' , qa have " scarlett -— be I do deolare , Frank Kennedy , if fou do not look '' dash with '' that new set of whisker ! Frank ( ulabter ) - eed . . thank youeesthank you , missa scarlett . . . cee : '' scarlett =~ oe you kmow , Charles Hamilton and . rafe calvert ask : nme '' be '' gat . 7 barbecue with they , buf itold they I could not because I pro - mise you , : : '' enose suor " subllen and india wilk se glaring off at scarlettte antic . you need not be so amused , suellen . look '' at she _ she 's after - you we beau now '' * '' suellen take one ' rook , then start , to " exit scon , _termine to recover she property . stair = scarlett and frank |. . with ‘other guesta pass ' they to continous stream . . .. that 's ) mignee flatter or you , ihas scarlett ... suellen march in and drag Frank away by the arm ! Frank . ( call back aver he shoulder , flustered ) tai see what I can do , miss scarlett . . camera move with scarlett as she start up the stair , another girl , cathleen calvert , come from | the botton . ' of the step to walk beside she . . : . cathleen : , , a - a you sister so mad about , scarlett ? you ! ' sparicin ' ! she 's 1 ean ? . < ) . seardett ( with e toss of she head ) . as 1c t ' couldnt 's get a detter yeau than that old may in : '' britches ! ' - . they continue on up the stair and find the tarleton twin in they path - a Georgia belie ranging 's to the . ' arm of each . - ' 4 scarlett '' . : ' Brent and Stuart tarleton , you ' handsome . ola thing , youl - - on , 's i - no , you be not I be not go to say that ! I be mad at youl } po , continued : 4 I . . Way , 's ' scarlett , 's foney ! of course you 's be , honey . athieon = who 's that ? continued ( 2 ) '' Brent - . ' Stuart : what , have we ' do , honey ? * '' ) soarlett ( ooquette ) . you have not be near I all day - and I wear thie old dress . gust because I think you like ite . be count on eate ~ ' ing barbecue with you two . ' a Brent we22 , you be , scarlett . . ' Stuart ' scarlett ~o 2 oh , I never : fan make up my mind which of you ' tro be he ha : '' somer . I be - awake all last night try to figure it out . . Brent ( embarrassed oh , '' '' simack ! 7 " scarlett start up the stair again as the twin ! compari= . scarlett , and drag they away , scarlett catch up with she catch cathleen 's wrist ' scarlett : _ cathleen scarlett - that man '' took at we and entlang '' = that ' nasty . dark '' one . * glose shot - rhett butler - ( pron there 's anger ) 'a lounge at the foot of the stair , '' a ' mint gulep 's glaze jin he hand , smile op at they , . cathleen and scarlett =~ : , continue wp the stair , cathleen ‘( whatsper ) my dear , do not you know ? that 's rhett butler , he 's from " Charleston ~ and he have the most terrible reputation ! ' scarlett ( 4n the same guard voice as before , casting another look downward ) - he ' look as ife as ' af he know what I look like without my shimmy ! . continued : vion come back inta scene , annoyed at be forsaken for . cathleen . suddenly she stop and stare | at someone below , : | ! continued ( 2 ) : . cathleen ( shocked ) scarlett ! mo . ( in a voice only a little above a whisper ) . why , my dear , he be not : receive ! he 's have to apend most of - he time up North because he folk in Charleston will not even speak to he . he be expell from West Point , he 's so fast . and then there 's that business about that girl he do not marry , scarlett ( sagerly ) brae tell ! tell : . . - , cathleen : , 7 oo well , he take she out buggy riding in the late afternoon = - without a chaperone ! and then -- on not . ( the most incredible thing in the world ) _ and then he refuse to marry she ! ) |. - pam , . cathleen 's voice drop even lower , and she whisper ain . . ciy scarlettt ear , by this time they have reach the top — '' ef the stair , scarlet whisper something tack . oo -. 4 + , cathleen ( aloud ) '. .° : jbut she be ruin just ths same . + S ' prssonve ro : int , hall ' at twelve oak '' Ashley and Melanie be walk to a door lead to 'a side verandah . Ashley open the door for melanio and as they go out , we see : . meh ras " exd , twelve oak lawns ~ ( from there angle on verandaz ) a scene of gaioty and wild charm . 's the barbecue - a , fure below feast - 1s spread over the lawn . Children run under the tree . Black mommy tag after they . gallant : and they lady aro eat , drink , laugh - and . '' megroes , grin and shiny - eye , wander over the grass '' hold aloft great trays of food and drink . : be there be a long table stretch down the center of the a lawn at which many guest sit . . ) back to ashiey and melanie on verandah , .. Melanie 's lip part as if overcome for a moment by a. — . sense of rapture as she and Ashley look at the scene , : Melanie '' Ashley ! : . Ashley '' | happy ? | continued : to . . 128 . conpinued ( 2 ) Melanie . , es happy . :. . - Ashley .. ete you ' deem : to. belong here , - as ir nat have all . be imagine : for tous . , 1 " watania . ( eondanty year 7 I like : to. feel that I belong with , the thing 3 you Love . Ashley , you love ' twelve oak as . I do ..: . .) . , Melanie ... yes , Ashley = I love 4t as more than 's a ' nouse Tots a ' whole . + world that want only to be graceful and beautiful , . a Ashley ( with a sod smile ) vo it 's so unconscious that it may not last = forever . of D " > +. melante ( take he arm , she voice grow : ' softer ) . you be afraid ‘of what may happen if the war-come , be not you ? but we do not have to be afraid = for we . no war can come - in - '- to we world , Ashley . whatever come I will love you '' . just as i= do now - until I die . : lo. . 4 | Ashley raise she hand and kiss it . : oe ? a | ; ext , '' barbecue - group shot under a tree . . where scarlett on a high rosewood ottoman be surround . by a circle of young man , scarlett be laugh . ' 4 scarlet : - now ysntt this better than sit at a old table ? a gint ‘has not only two side to she at a table ! - . bas . * laughter and hearty approval as scarlett bean around she :at the circle , Brent and Stuart tarleton and Charles _ Hamilton jump to they téet , oo * Brent ' pay ast she dessert . . , Stuart she ' say I . * . '' gharle . " allow . I , miss o'hara . scarlett look the three over suatetously | and make ‘her _ selection . . a toe scarlett '' : . " 2 think --- nmmm = : . {as a great favor ) - i think Charles Hamilton may get 16 ° continued : not i | | 5 23 continued ( 2 ) lot. tay Charles ( 0 . secu ot _ , , or , thank you , mlaa o'hara ] thank you . he hurry away ; the other beaux greatly impressed . oa ' Stuart 5 go get 1t ] be not he the lucklest -- - scarlett 's face suddenly fall ‘ag she '' ees ? * ' long shot " + ( from scariett' angle ) Arm in arm , walk across the lawn under the tree , ab - sorbe , dn each other , come from direction of the house . 32 qlose up - scarlett . °° . '' watch , jealous . Charles Hamilton 's face come into * the Close up , bend over to whisper to scarlett ... he '' , have return with she dessert . ' of on " . chanles ( whisper in searlett !s ear ) : miss o'hara , I love youl _ . eg tae oe ag oe ' " | scarlett lock at the food , shake she head , 's distract . a a scarlett as , I : do not guess I be as hungry as 1 think . | : siw ( ss bss prssonve to : int , bedroom '' twelve oak " oo mammy be just help scarlett off with she dress , in 's ue 's the b.ge , ave other mammy . and other girl in stage of . undress . as the scene progress the mammy leave and the girl go to iie on the , bed and sofa , babble of voico interrupt by girlish laughter . mammy be mitter - , ing to scarlett who , we observe , be in none too pleasant a frame of mind . . on , scarlett L : why do I have to take a nap ? I be not tired ! . eat mammy . so . a . '' . ‘.! " well bring up young ladiss take nap at party , and it 's . ' khigh time you start behavin ! lal you wuz miss ellen 's daugh ~ , ' scarlett -— ae oo oo when we be at Saratoga I do not notice any yankee girl take nap . : , : . mi . a tbe of . ~ now ant you will not see any yankee 's girl at de Ball tonight , neither . continued : 27 's continued ( 2 ) — ct . by this time xm have scarlett 's dross in she hand and , exit with it as suellen come into the scene , also in : ner pantalettess - t guelien ( catsiiy to . scarlet ) ' : . fow 's Ashley today , scarlett ? _ he do not seem to be pay moh attention to tos ST ; ae _ scartett ( give a little look around to be aure no one have hear and speak in '' cof : ses '' a enraged undertone ) - tga you mind you own . businessi.. , you will be lucky if you do not 7 on ose : old whisker - face Kennedy . | be pe '' be ) bio gtt , '' ( scarlett be remove she shoe ) 's ' " ? * ' a - snellen ( tremble with rage ) .. you have be 's ' sweet on Ashley for month ] and he 's ‘@nigagement 's go to be announce tonight . pa say so this morning ! . , scarlett sake this for a moment , , hen cover . up hastily : wt " 4 scapleté * 7 ° that 's . how much ' you know ! lew : . a a meee ote oe the bln lot yg oh ' she stick ' out she tongue at suellen . suellen stick | out she tongue in return . mammy have come back into the y misa scarlott ! miss suellen ! '' behave youraeff } aotin ' lak .. pore white trash chillen ! if you ! 'se old ernuff to go to ' party , you 'se old ernuff to ack lak lady ! during this speech scarlett have stretch out on the nearby divan or mattress , which have be unoccupy un - till now , although there be room for two . ona little . table next the divan be a photograph of Charles Hamilton . scarlett affect a yawn and stretch back with the ele - ' gant indifference of a woman ofthe world . then. reach she arm around and scratch she back . i , '' so '' > mammy ( andd cate scarlet 's bea ) ~~ mise ' guellen , you lie . down there ! Le 2 . Le * suellen x do not want ' anything to do with ' here : she flounce out to find a bea in ' the’ next ' room , look aft er she a moment '' srereg then oxita . after , hor . the lu : ' cl0se shot - ~ seat 0 om , ' bed , very . worried , her niioveat on ashley - ' we hear the - what apere ' votce ét : maybelie meretwother ' and another girl as they approach scarlett : gonpinued : scene in time to see thie , and stands aghast look one memmy . eo , gontinued | ( 2 ) girl now you do not really ! ' ' what ata he ' aay ? , : : '' maybelle merriwether : pot ie. say , wl12 you take a walk with I aatert " to see gap ( sapresc ) | _ and ' what aid you say then ? : the girl have now come up almoat to searlett 's coma . a -' yaybelle merriwether - I drop my eve and I say , " ure gaivert , 's a , z ahould be . honore , " . have hat we 's the other girl '' spta chase Hamilton 's picture ' on the table . go . ' bo it , and pick itupe - . . ' girl a * scarlett , '' root there 's a . ploture of that ? jute '' Charles . Hamilton = and in India 's room , tool . : : scarlett turn , casually : look at the ploture '' and . of * snort in disgust . maybelle . merriwether : = hear oa Atlanta 's that India 's go to m marry Charles ! ° , scarlet ea disgust ) - she 's turh over ) | not : who , sargal - int , adjoining bedroom at twelve oak = late afternoon , . '' I be the quiet of late afternoon . the shutter be . : stream , a door be open between this room and the ad - join room in the Dee the bed and couch in ooth | ' room be crowded with young lady who be rest for ' the evone gaiety , three or four to a bed . they stay '' be loosen , they hair let down , and they be asleep , '' Little negro girl sit next each bed fan the young — * lody to keup they cool while they nap . camera pan across the array of sleep girl in one bed , to the doorway from the adjoin room , where we pick up little negro girl to silence , lean over to make sure ' that melania and suellen , who be side by side in one _ of the bed 's , be still asleep , then , first take a ;. , , quick look into the mirror and pinching she cheek to . '' pring the color into they , she noiselessly open the . door , peer out , and slip out into the hall , close the . door softly behing she , 8 close , and through the half open slat the sunlight ~o ae scarlett , fully dress , tiptoeing out . she motion the pe : tt — 29 int , upper hall - at head of stair - ( shoot up froy ' eallway below at scarlet ? ) : : scarlett enter scene and start down . the atairs| on . tip toe . Men 's voice come from the dining room below , : - Gerald 's voice ' we nve borne enough insult from though meddle yankee . littg - , time we make they to understand we will keop we slave with or '' without they approval . ' twas the sovereign right of though . State of Georgia to secede from the Union ! - : ad lib ° . thatts right - ' 4 oe fe ep tt ' Gerald 's voice fire on the yankee rascal at Fort suntory we " have bot the fight ! : : scarlett have proach the + turn in the staircase . sho look over and down into dining room a sho continue down .. camera panning with eer .. Gerald 's voice : thore ts no other way ! oo ad lib. plight ! '' matta right . |' fights '' , let the yankee be the one to ask for peace ! | 's Kennedy 's voice 's not we all have abe lincoln on he ineesy Brent 's voice . ' mae , - they can not start this war too quick to suit I , a chorus of approval from the other man in the dining room . by this time scarlett have descend to a point from which she can see into the dining room . she pause , draw closer to the banister , . : a int , dine room - ( from scarlett' angle ) through the upright of the banister , a portion of the dining room be visible . here all the gentleman of the party have gather and be drink . . Gerald can , ' ss art | . we there will not even be a pattie - , that 's what I ' think , 's they will jast turn and run every ' gime . ' Charles oe one southerner can lick twenty ankee , , continued : the South must assert herself by force of arm . 's after wetve -; the situation be very . simple . the yankee : cantt fight and will pre ee eee ee - - ce ee ee wae ce , sl bo ) _ continued ( 2 ) 0 . we Stuart ' 5 of S we will finish they off in one battle . gentlemen always fight . better then rabble . . : : : " Kennedy . we yes - '' gentlene always can fight better than rabble . '' Gerald ( to Ashley ; he voice booming bighorn '' than any of the other ) ~ and what do the Captain of the troop 827 ? wake . ns ah bance eo '' Ashley - ~ . well , gentleman , if Georgia fight z go with she , but , like - my father , I hope that the yankee whil tet we peave the ' Union in - in peace . — ~ . a babble of protest from the tarleton and the other - Stuart | , at ) damdeye . " Brent : '' why , ashiey ' theyive ansulted , we ! : soe Charles , you. can not mean that you do not want wart : . Ashley '' 7 oe most of the misery of the world have be . cause by '' war , and when the war be over , no on ever imew what they be : about. _ . '' more protest from ‘ee young '' nen . '' stand aloof and a asttie apart from . the other | man who : '' ape group around the punch bowl , as he smoke he : cigar quietly , he glance from one to anothsr of ths exe : : elte man with cynical . amusement . . a ad lib ( 0.34 ) '' thee my why , Ashley 2 if it be not that I inew , goat . - { I .ca not believe ... : imm sure gtaappoint : in - you , ) Ashley wilkessee . _ group shot Gerald faye - ' now , gentleman , gentleman . '' the , butler 's be yor , t hear , pont you agree with we , me. butler ? . . rhett ( take a step forward ) '' I think 4t 's hard win a war with word , gontlomen , cont tnurd : '' sl continued ( 2 ) will , Charles :; _ what do you mean , sir ?. yet will . rhett ce oe '' ' tmean , mx , Hamilton , that . there 's not 'a cannon factory in the whole South . - bet tin | . . ° Brent 's + tee wey wean what difference do that make , sir , to a gentleman ? | I be afraid it 's go to make a great deal of difference toa '' great many gentleman , sim . *n eye , tes Charles ' . ' be you hint , Mr. butler , phat the : yankee can lick we ? . + rhett . . no , I be not hint . I be say very plainly that the yankee . '' be better equip than we . they have get factory , shipyard , coal mine , and a fleet to bottle up we harbor and starve - we to death , all we have be cotton ... and slave .. , and arro - gance . . : : there be a moment , of consternation and tense silence , wae '. ; then : 2 . . Stuart that 's treachery ! = : I . qharles : 0. fear tek ' Sir , I refuse , to listen to any renegade talk . rhett coy I be sorry if the truth offend you . Charles '' tye . ° . apology be not enough , sir sete 1 ( he walk up to he and speak slowly ) — un I hear that you be turn out of West Point , Mr. rhett | butler , and that you be not receive by any decent family in Charleston = not even you own . I ( a moment 's silence ) '' . rhett ( smile ) . - I apologize again , sir , for all my shortcomings . . ( to Ashley ) - os babe see tg ' me. wilk , perhaps you will not mind if I walk about and look - over you place . I appear to be spoil everybody 's brandy |. and cigar and dream of victory . . co the ws i. : ( he bow and exit ) . oo a . a hallway loe lot a : woe 1 searlott , on the stair , have hear rhett 's exit — - speech , crouch back out of sight so that he may not seo hor , ( her position be such that she cannot see : . rhettls direction either , when he exit from this anglo ) , , : rhett come out of the dining room and start - across though hall , the voice continue from inside : continued : B wea 32 2 ° 6 continued ( 2 ) ves. , : menta voice '' errr , wee well ; that 's just about what you could expect from a somebody '' J. Lake rhett butler ... : i do ( sveryth but call he outside ... rhett look over he shoulder toward direction of the dining room , smile a little , and walk on across the '' hall . out of scene , '' int , dine ' room - - ' group , about punch BOWL . all : except Ashley 's evidently dn a ugly temper , ' , . Brent a yankee coward , that 's all he Tel have Charles | he refuse so fight . wd . seti Ashley . not quite . that '' Charles '' of fos soir , ' charle 's fake : _savansage of I ? Ashley ( emi2e ) os I , yes ~ hela one of the best shot 's in 's ' the country ! as he 's prove a number of tine , '' against ' steadier hand and cooler head than , yours . wee Sea wr ee - chérle rarr show hint no ( move as 4f to ' stant 's '' after '' " rnatt ) - Ashley ( put out a detain hand ) «= ? . now , now , now , please = do not go tweak he nose any more . . 4 . you may be need for more important fight , Charles . now , if - you will excuse I , more butler be we guest eit think tray dust show he around , _ je . my . y . of n. '' int . hall , as Ashley 'o '' comea out of the dining room , saarlett run '' noiselessly down the stair and follow right in back of he until she come to the open door of the library , she gitp into the doorway , unseen by Ashley , and call after ' scarlett ( whisper ) | , past ? psst ! | we close shot - ashley '' ' he turn , startle . ) 7° caen eea a no . closs shot = scarlett - ( from he angl ) . peek out of the partly open . door , '' she deckon niz 2 eagerly . scarlett a a a ashley eo Ashley -- '' pen , library . = shoot terouge door : into hall , holding scarisit in f.c . ; op Ashley appear outside door , : Ashley ( amused ) 4 scarlett ! who you hide from in there ? scarlett take he by the sleeve , pull '' he into the foam , close the door . cee. wot . Ashley ( smile ) to what be you up to ? why be not you '' apataire rest like ths 's other girl ? _. ( she shake she head , '' ynable to speak sti with : .¢° pag amused , paternal air ) what be 4t , scarlett -- - > {scarlett try to speak = as '' af . she have sonethe . ' wonderful to tell ) lee fait a seoret ? , ' we Beer sane , scarlett ( oiurt it out ) oh , ashloy - Ashley ~ I love tous : : aahley ( in a predicaxent , '' aistrease ) '' soarett ! es scarlott ( move closer eve on . he ) . '' I love yous = : do. vo fare to sy Ashley ( try to maintain the paternal note ) - well , ' dent 46 enough to have collect every othor mant no beday ? youtvo always have mine . you cut you tooth on ite : " gearlett ( move even closer , with dosperation ) '' oh , do not tease I now , halve I you heart , my darling ? '' Love youl I love yous . ashloy . ( he hand ' plose ovor she lip ; move , 7 , fearful ) you ' must not say such thing , you will hate I for hearing then , : scarlett ( jerk she head away ) on , 't could never hate youd and - and I imow you must care - about I , decause + 0 , '' you do do care , do not you ? Ashley ‘( she vehemence sober he ; in spite 92 : | himself , he say more than he intend ) yea . I care . - . . ao. . pee continued : Le 70 34 continued ( 2 ) ( then ) oh , can not we go away and forget that we never have this thing ? ( he walk away from she ) scarlett but how can we do that ? do not you want to marry I ? ( follow he ) Ashley I be go to marry Melanie . scarlett but you can not . not if you care for I . ( she hand be grip he arm ) Ashley ( he frees himself to hold she hand in he . genuinely touch . ) ' oh , my ' dear , ' why must you make I say thing that will hurt you ? ( as she do not answer ) how can I ; make you understand -- you be so young and unthink . you do not know what marriage mean . . scarlett I know that I love you and I want to be you wife . you do not love Melanie ! Ashley ( hesitates ; then gravely , reach for word ) she 's like I , scarlett - - she 's part of my blood - ~ and we understand each other . scarlett ( unable to understand any of he explanation and persist in she obsession ) but you love I ! Ashley how could I help loving you ? you , who have all the passion for life that i.lack !- but that kind of love be not enough to make a successful marriage when two people be as different as we be . you see , , scarlett , you - ~ scarlett ( passionately ) well , why do not you say it , you coward ! you be afraid to marry I ! you have rather live with that silly little fool who can not open she mouth except to say -- ( in sarcastic mimicry ) ny and " no " and raise a passel of mealy - mouth brat just like she Ashley ( rise , he tone sharp ) you must not say thing like that about Melanie . scarlett who be you to tell I I must not ? you lead I on -~ you - ~ you make I believe you want to marry I ~-- continued : cowninved 's , ( 3 ) ' : ashley . ( shocked ) now , scarlett ! be fair . I never at any time - Dee . scarlett ( go all out , shanty irish ) - l* you didd it 's true . you do , and itll hate you till I eat ! _f - can not think of anything bad enough to call you -- | to '' Ashley extend a placate , soothing hand , she slap | hin : full across the face with all she strength , horrify . and grief stricken , he stand a moment stunne , then ... * sadly bow and exit . a scarlett watch he go as though watch the end of she : life . her rage return and she look around she with the fury of thwart . and humiliate love , her hand drop to @ little table beside hery and she be finger the tiny . China rise bowl on which two chinese cherub amirk . she be suddenly . aware of it and look at it . she pick it > up.and hurl it viedousty | across the room toward the tee fireplace , : a , . close shot - at fireplace . - * the back of '' 'a sofa in the figey , ' pace the elrepiace . the china piece crash , and as the sound of the crash end we see rhett 's arm raise from the back of the . sofa , as if to avoid be hit . 's he set out a long - draw - out - whistle and rise " ' from the sofa , face 's searisst . . a . rhett , have '' the war start ? . pull , auen , library scarlett ' 4s too frighten for a moment to even utter a ~ sound , she catch hold . or the back of . a shalt she . ikmee go weak . by e '' rhett stroll smilingly across the room toward ' scarlett . . two shor - reed and scare ? '' scarlett ( grasp nat dignity 's ' as best she ean ) . Sir , you . - '' you should have make you presence know ! . : rhett : : in ' the middle of that beautiful . love '' ' scene ? ' mhaé wouldn 's have be very tactful , would it ? but do not worry , you ' ; secret 1s safe with I , ' wat scarlett z . Sir , you be no gentleman ! : : we . " °° gontrnved : he be 7 ~ - rno t | i | : " 36 i : do not ' think I noid '' that egatnet - yous lady have never hold ~ my . much charm for ine. : : : std ps geatete " 7 : hiret you take a low , common advantage of I , then you insult I . be oot . ' rhett '' ms 3 be eat 7 i ' Zmeant it as a compliment , , and ' I hope to see more of you : 5 |. when youtre free of the spell of the thin- blooded Mr , wilk . he do not strike I as half good enough for a girl of youree : what be 16 ? e+ you passion for live , ~ " i scarlett , how dare ; yous you be not fit to wipe he boot ! ( she start to run out of the room in a page ) : rhett ( laugh and call after she ) °° 050s " - and you be go to hate he for : the rest of you : utte ? '' ° y . scarlett fling out of the ' foon , 's steme the door . , rind she , '' . ey i have _-frone . ' hall - - iwelve oak scarlett > anary , ingulted ) : sher heart pound , be wale ! * ing toward the stair , when suddenly she hear voice ; a and stop , shrink back in the shadow of the banister , { : . India 's voice : 1 : well , she certainly make a fool : of herself fun after , all " the man . at the. barbecue . : ay cue ' stair | eat ' Melanie 's voice . , ee . ' . that 's ' not fair , India . she 's cr ) '' dbtractive 's '' though man ' just . naturally flock to she . — : : . i trucking shot with India , suellen , '' melenie , ' and another : girl , > who ! be ! a little behind they , as shey . descend the stair . . i ae , '' suellen — ~ lon ) '' Melanie , you be just too ' good to be true . plant . you i _ even see she go after you brother Charles ? . i 1 ' India _ yeas .and she know Charles belong to mee continued : en a a — — — | 7 37 | 8 continued ( 2 ) 6 , i rm have Melanie = - loh 5 ly you be wrong , India . scarlett be '' ua : ' hugh 's ' spirite : - - and i ic 2 vivacious . F : ' another girl ( lean over from behind they ) ' well , man may flirt with that fina of girl , but ; they do not i ' marry they ) , ae yo : ' : India : . , we . if you ask I , there 's only one person ghe really give a rap : - about. - and that 's Ashley , — oo , . ' yt Melanie : : : . jone : Ashley ! " you know thasts : not true . " think e you be be very ' bo mean to she , - shoe okt i '' . '' by this time the '' girs have come all the way down the .stair and be start to cross the hall toward the front door . : , closz sor ~ scarlett the girl have disappear from shot . . soarlett , shame '' and horrify , raise she fist as if to pound at the stair rail . suddenly from outside we hear a wild , shrill ery - the rebel yell , the cry be pick up by _ twenty or thirty other male voice and grow to a ' deaf - .ening roar , a couple of male guest appear in the hall and race past scarlett , other start swarm through . the hall , run toward outside . she pay no attention . to the commotion . daze , she pick up she skirt and tf start to race up the stair toward the landing , against i the tide of girl and woman who start pour down the tair . ad lib voice of . both man . and woman from outer i ide and inside : . I * woman ( run downstairs ) | Men ~ . i '' what - ls ite , nat last we can fightle . i it 's war ! it 's comelee . ... .\... , , yankee thievest ... ~ | ta not it wonderfull ... '' : wetll leave tonight !.. , ! , a war - with battle and everything ? send for the horsesty : let 's g0 '' soc looe seal int , hall , - '' charle ‘mauteton '' Charles , run in 's from outside , see scarlett on the ; landing | above , he and call to hette . - . - Charles | '' yiga ' o'hara '' 78 . 2 °° qlose shot - scarlett - on landing '~ ( 8 . ghaples ! vodce 7 - miss o'hara ! : ' ye a 3 ma co sonnet maaan co , ky 38 '' continvep ( 2 ) . oo fey scarlett stop . and turn , annoyed . Charles bound up though , y ; atep to she , : oe Charles * : be not it thrill ? ir. lincoln have call for soldier - - volunteer to fignt against use . ' scarlett . , oh , fiddle=dee - dee ! do not you ' man ever think about anything important ? : Charles — eo : but ltt war , miss 0 ' haral . '' and everybody 's '' gotse off to en - | tish . ' they be go right away . I be go , tool : . scarlett ( think '' of Ashley ) . . Eve : erybody ? , : . coa ale ona} '' she rung to the window and look out , search for : Ashley . Charles follow she , but she pay scant atten= : tion to he , . : loti ia * qharles : - . vot Le : ony oa , miss o'hara , - will you be sorry ? ' vo see we bos I mean ? — scarlett ( sarcastically ) . I will 's cry into my pillow every night . . ) ; Charles ; misunderstanding , take she hand soarlett . still search through the : ' window . = . '' Charles : : oh , '' wiss o'hare , I have be want to ask you = but I be scared , but I think perhaps now - now that we be go . and you say that you will be sorry = oh , miss o'hara , . I tell you I love you . I think you be the most veautiful girl in the world ... and the sweetest , and the dearest , I know I could not hope that you could , love me.e. ow ut : exterior = shoot from inside . through the window | - | ( from scarlett!s viewpoint ) 's cs amid the confusion of horse be saddle ; of man and '' woman . run in all : direction ; Ashley , on he horse . in the driveway in front of the house , lift Melanie oft { ' the ground into he arm and kiss she , ' Charles ! voice Im so clumsy and stupid ... not nearly good enough for you . . but if you could . , . if you could think - of marrying I , I would do anything in the world for you | - * just , anything , I promise 's . x two shot - charle - and scarlett - be window on landing '' stricken , scarlett turn back to Charles , ' : tapur eta | continued : , | '' 80° , '' conmmnue ( 2 ) . ies lo} ggamlett * . what aia you say ? . 0 ' rt Charles ( abash ) yo : Pet iiss otwara , I say would you marry I ? scarlett ( look at he slowly , wait a moment , : -. then speak with determination ) aton , 's ' iwill . : 3 . '' Charles ( deldrtous with Joy ) : y you will you will marry I ] . you will wait for ' meet scarlett ( lowering she eye ) '' oh , z =f do not think I would want to wait . : : to : Charles ( scarcely dare to believe : he oar ) . . you 3 mean you will marry I before I go ? . cfo : ( she nod , avoid he eye ) — ; hy miss o'hara .. scarlett ! 2 ( just to call she by she name ' sit ' a effort and . a : thrill . he take she hand ) she : may = speak to you father ? 1 fay ? 5 scarlett the sooner ' the better . Charles ( grin all over he ' face with sor ) : ita ' go now . iica not wait . will you excuse I ... dear ? . , ( the excitement of say " dear " be almost . too . | much for he '' he lift she hand to he ip , kissing it again and repeat : ) . '' . ( not run down the atair . and oft three step at atime ) : pr . x angle : sho ? through window , - nite , scarlet ? in on0se BP , Pope '' 8h pe . . in the foreground '' scarlett , '' look out '' tthe window , see Ashley riding n'. awayy pweve back to Melanie who gaze sorrowfully atten he she hand over she mouth , ee + Charles ! voice ( exuberant goss ) et o'haras Mr. o'haral : : scarlett 4a wretch , heartebroken : . scarlett ( in a forlorn whisper , hy sahley Ashley - ee . pade in : int . parlor at . tara - - nich ? ' '' , the reception after Charles and soarlett 's marriage . Tho crest eevee continued : i 7 : be ) continued ( 2 ) . . room fs light by many candy . scarlett , in she # mother 's wedding dress and veil , stand in the receive | line . in front of the mantlepiece between Charles on one i side and she mother and father on the other , receive ! congratulation from the guest . — Charles be in the uni - { form of he . troop. oe the impression of a great many guest should be gain from the babble of voice , from silhouett figure on | the wall behind the receive line = and from the people | immediately ahead of and immediately behind Ashley and i af I 7 4 i Melanie , who , .as we pick up the scene , be the one > congratulate scarlett. and Charles . . -- ( some of the man we see be in uniform of they troops - Ashley , too , in uniform ) : . : Melanie ( etss scarlett ) : scariett , . I think . of you at we wedding yesterday and hope yours would be as beautiful , and it . be . al . " scarlett ( like a sleepwalier ) be it ? : ae Melanie ( nod snpbatdounny ) now we tre ' really and truly sister , . mélanie move a.step forward to charle . Ashley , come '' up behind she , bend to kiss scarlett on the cheek with - _s . out - a word , '' he be embarrassed and avoid scarlett 's we 1 i eye , he take Melanie 's arm and move off . with she , ~ scarlott . turn to look after they , tear come to she eye .. Charles see this , but mistake the cause . he - look at scarlott jovingly , press she hand , and whis - - ! per : ly i y tie mae Charles th be come back to you . | . '' scarlett ' now really start ' to ory and sob as she look . : i do not ery , darling . the war will be over ina few week and '' at hin , and we | . . 1 | a ) 1 ) fade out . flog ) : : " fade in ; | poe vid sword on table - camera shoot from above . a 4 a sword , at its scabbard lie '' beside a open , '' wand -written '' letter . camera move down into close up of letter , the paper be of a inexpensive type of confederate grey , - t . faintly rule , camera trise down to the line : .-!. . i " head qrs . . feo '' ts. 2 yew hampton 's legton vhs , . Columbia , S. ce will 14 June , 1861 .. 4 ! uy dear 's made . not ct 4 od ' would have . advise you of capt , continued ? win ' 93 + continued ( 2 ) a . be , , : ney || Hamilton 's t 1]ness have . he not | . z * , [ requested otherwise . best - '' herewith I send you he sword , - May 1t console you that Captain Hamilton make the great sacrifice 2 , for we glorious Cause .. . '' mhough he be not vouchsafe a hero 's death upon the field of - glory , he be nonetheless a hero , . die in camp here of pneumonia , ' follow a attack of measle _i be , madam , very . seapeotfuliy you obt. servt . Wade hampton . Col. cmdg . " we nr. scarlete's bedrooik ~ close . shot ' scarlett be '' mirror . ~ day be she be try ona widow 's vonnet . she regards she own : image with disgust , take off the bonnet and reach out .of scene , camera pan a little to include what she be ; reach for . it be a modish hat of brilliant hue . } camera pan back as she try it on and regards herself in the mirror with satisfaction . C : reflected in the glass may be see a door behind she : which open , and mammy appear . : i | * . . i j . mammy . | oat 33 '' sesrletti . | '' ' scarlett - well , z do not care - I be too '' young to be a widow say ( sterniz ) mise seartett * '' scarlett take : off the gay ' bonnet and pick | up the black ! one again . . scarlett ( coldly ) . on oh ~ ifd just go around searing : people : in that . thing . | ' mammy you ei not '' suppose %o be around people , you 'se ' in mourn . a scarlett .. : '' for what ! . a : ch vier , oe mle th at _. , ( throw herself down on the bed and ory ) ' - continued : | 42 " 94 eae | conpinued ( a ) : '' goarlett '' coont tay 's . , : I ’do not feel anything . '' why do I have 60 ° pretend ' and pretend ellen enter , : : ' site ( quietly ) rs / - a ls . * what 4s it ? loe a : '' mene come '' gorwara to scarlett and sit down on . the | bed , speak tenderly . coe sy hey uh a '' ) ) blle ' - : baby , what be ' 4b ? " | " searlett ( cry ) my life 's over - nothing will ever happen ' to I ' any ' more . : ellen ( patting scarlett ) . darlinge < '' coe : '' scarlett ( sit up and look strtckeniy : at she mother ) . ob , mother ; '' Zr know you will think I be horrible . but i° just ' cantt bear go around in black , it 's bad enough not be sable to be to any party = but look this way , too <- wie ; ( throw herself back on the bed and sob ) /. blle ( patting scarlett ! 's hoad ) I do not think you be at all horrible , it 's only natural , to , . want to. look young ' and be young , when you be young . 's i. ( she have put she arm around she ) . oh , baby , how would you . like to 8 ° vaaite somewhere ? . Savannah , perhaps ? : scarlett ( sobbing ) - what would ido in savanneh ? . hen ellen weet . wel , Atlanta , then . there 's lot go on there , and you could stay with Melanie and she aunt . pittypat -- scarlett '' stop sobbing = . after a moment of silence sit up. : of : 7 scarlett = : as _ Melanie ! '' yess yes , I could , could not tr close up - mammy ' she realize what scarlett nos up ‘to , turn away with a gesture of know disgust and busy herself with something on the bureau . ae . back to scene a pol : scarlett ( jump up and throw she arm around " she mother , accept the idea ) * oh , mother , you be sweet to I , sweeter than anybody in continued : yout 's like 4t , really ? / bhe necessary letter , ' what : trouble be you talk about ? 45 continued ( 2 ) cote - séarlett ( conta ) the world , | = vee scarlett gee '' mammy face over ellen 's shoulder , . look - ing at she knowingly , . '' * '' . blle n '' ( scarlett jod slowly ) tee , all right , then , now. stop you ery ' and smile , you can take prissy with you . * : rise and turn to mammy ) -: . a start pack miss scarlett 's . ' spin , nema ) ria go write ... . . lore ( she exit ) scarlett ( sit '' on the bea ‘etartag : rape . turousiy ahead . of ner , walsper : ) atiant beeld : ety ' mammy ( grimly ) * : ' savanneh would . be better for you , '' you 'l. jus ! git in trouble in ablart ae '' +. . * : . - : " scarlett ( gatitiiy ) | . 's memny poet . you know what trouble ah 's talkin' - about , I 'se talkin ' about . migtuh Ashley wilk , he will be comin ! to Atlanta when he get , he leave - and you sittin ! there waitin ! for he «= ( hiss it ) 7 rs dest sike a spider . he belong to miss Melanie and ... scarlett ‘( who have rise and walk slowly to : mamhy . she speak grimly and setiy ) you 8. pack ny trunk atke mother sald . . dissoive to : =r " atlanta armory ~ ( coseRova ) = ' nice - auruan , '' ‘te60 4 huge danner strung across the budd , reading monster bazaar . . for the benefit of atlanta 's. + " own military hospital 0118 04 ue int ' bazaar - tone shot 's i the great armory drill room be decorate for the occa - ' sion , around the wall be little booth with pretty continued : 44 ' continued ( 2 ) Atlanta girl in attendance on they customer , the '' floor be fill with dancer in bright evening dress , convalescent officer of the Home Guard and of the , Georgia militia in they bright uniform . the room be . light by candle in donate candlestick , the wall be . decorate with flag , bunt , and ivy vine . at one . + end of the hall be the musician ! platform , decorate '' with palm . on the wall behind it , drape in flag , .. . '' be the portrait of jefferson Davis and alec stephen . . . : '' low gamera angle = on dancers ! feet . ( as they whirl to . ' the dance ' " stand in front of they pot 7 " aunt fattypat . : - they be all whisper , and Zz fust . know ete about here : i . - Melanie what 's it matter what . they say , '' '' aunt pattypat ? '' .. aunt pittypat . '. ns _ but scarlett : be live under my roof .80 seer all think I be responsible for she , . ltt . : £ '' _ ( she shudder ) . and for a widow to appear in public at a social gathy ! . i every time I think of it . I feel faint ] ~ a Melanie ( patiently ) but , aunt pitty , you kmow that scarlett . only come here to . help raise money for the Cause , it be splendid of she to - make the sacrifice . . . ee no : hee . '' the camera start to pan , as Melanie continue to talk , to a close shot of scarlett , who. be lean on the counter of the booth , from inside , look very demure , foote pass her face and start to move down to she . bete Melanie 's voice ( continue ) : : ' from the way you be talk , anyone would think she come b " here to dance instead of sell thing ? - js : peeping out from under the skirt of she widow 's mourn by this time the camera have reached scarlett 's . goot , . | ing . she tap they in time to the music . ; . ! 91 °... aunt pittpat and melanie - at booth i - " gaunt pittypat start to turn away , befuddle and upset , i : continued : continued ( 2 ) aunt pittypat . , . 5 . well , I would better go and explain ° leverybody & 80 ' they ' aontt . think we be all fast . '' 2 ay we she exit ... as 4 ' pugle | '' plow a fanfare off scene and Melanie and scarlett ilook mps and scarlett start out of the booth , . : J . musician " platform . I , ' : . the bugler finish , Dr. meade step forward from the side of the platform , the little darky drummer boy give '' a@.long roll on he drum . the murmur from the dancer " aquhet down , Dr. meade raise he hand for attention : Dr. meade I have important news < ecici : news , another ' triuniph , for S we magnificent man in arm . '' fs ( read from the slip of paper in he hand ) / General Lee have completely whipped the enemy and sweep ' the | yankee army northward . from virginial not . Lone shot - '' crowd p gheer ' and excitement and applause from ' crowd , ete ce . . . . '' dr , ' meade ch ebegy have cst 5 } * Dr , meade pate he hand up for eitence ' and the '' cheer , die : gown . '' dr I ade '' and now - a happy surprise for all , of we .. , we have with we . tonight that most dare . of all blockade runner , whose fleet - schooner , slip past the yankee gun , have bring to we here the very woolen , silk , and lace we wear tonight . I refer , lady and sentlemen , ._ to that wilicotethecwisp of the’ bound main <= . . : full shot - the bazaar - ( shoot over dr ... head ) aed ' Dr. meade ( continue ) : none other than we friend from Charleston ee. ( gesture grandiloquently ) . there 1s a general stir as everyone turn and gaze in the indicate direction - toward the side of the hall . where scarlett and Melanie 's booth stand , the crowd . applaud . . - close shot - '' scarlet ry '' who now atand next $ 0 melante 4 in front of booth , she continued : ' . / 46 " continued ( 2 ) ns have be applaud mechanically . wattle ' the. applause continue , intersperse with woman 's cry of approval : i and rebel yell from the man , she look off scene and suddenly stop clap , as she see : ' choose shot - rhett butler - ( prow scarlett ! ) atfor ) rt Dr. meade 'ts voice 's ( continue as " the '' applmse | arak : oo '' subside ) oo Captain rhett butler ! of n rhett smile _exrogantiy , , ' almost contenptucusiy . long shot = crowd applauding . : : of t . they cheer . madly as rhett step forward , 's elick 's hts : lo i heel , and bow . he take . a step nearer : scarlett 's booth . i __ close shot - scarlett - ( mblante in B. ser at " further '' end of booth ) - " scarlett look up in amazement and fright . rhett step 's yop in close to she . . scarlett , alarmed , try to escape : _ through the entrance into the booth . her dress catch : a '' on the board . rett jeans over to . ; release she skirt . od wet rhett permit I . ( release she skirt ) chtueta dhos nod ' scarlett , still look for a avenue 's of retreat , try , . . almost childishly to get away . Melanie come over to -./ ' rhett , hold out she hand . . . | ' melante : — , . . _ Captain butler , it 's such a pleasure : to see you again 's iimet - i you ast at my husband 's home == : : . rhett ( take she hand gravely ) , / itts kind of you to remember , Ms. wilk . - = melante ( with a half gesture of '' [ ntroduetion ) do you meet Captain butler at twelve oak , scarlett ? . * . scarlett ( sharply , not know what to say ) yoo . '' Le I think so , - * . " rhett . omiy '' ' for 'a moment , Mrs , hamtiton , tt be in 's the library . you ...emss .- have break something . tote - scarlett 's ( glaring at hin , but try to con - ome trol she voice ) yea , z remember you , Captain butler . for 47 . 99-202 continued ( 2 ) pon . rhett cat May T offer ' you my sympathy '' on you bereavement ? 't hear or you marriage . as brief as it be '' sudden . . . _ : " searlet : ( sense he mockery , and livid ) . thank you : : ' , sn ' 4 ° " " pnott ( begin finger the various ware on : a . , ' the counter i '' and now , what be 's you lady sell for the Cause ? .. .. , * before scarlett ov Melanie can reply , ' a one - armed offi . cér in uniform come into scene carry a split - oak _ basket over he unwounded arm . it be full of trinket | of jewelry . : we basket carrier ' ( hold out ' the basket ) : lady .. the confederacy ask for you dewelrysr sgn behalz of . we noble Cause . cet : scarlett 's . ' . wetve not wear any we be a | rouraing , a met . basket cartier I peg you pardon . - '' ye . ( he bow ' and start . to turn away ) , '' Melanie ( sincerely regretful ) i'n so sorry . bet * rhett ( notice yelante 's '' aisteeee ) '' oe ( take from he pocket a large gold cigar casa ' aha : . as the man turn back with the basket , drop , at in ) : on behalt. of Mrs , wilk and Mrs , Hamilton , . '' basket : ' carrier thanle zou , Captain butler . - lh ( start to. turn : away again ) Melanie . just a moment - please , : : {she remove the wedding ' ring '' from ‘he drop it gently into the basket ) , '' stngex '' and '' basket carrier : but itis you 7 wedding ring , mast ante : .. | melante .. lif at ney ‘help my husband more = oft ny ' singer . ' : not : ( she ' turn aside to hide she tear ) " 5 woot , ' basket carrier thank you , . '' rhett ( sincerely ) — . . that be 'a very beautiful thing to de , Mrs. wilk , continued : eee ov ] '' i , t 48 o ga - 10l con inved as ) ko , " sgartett , not to be outdone yank oft she ow wedding : . . searlet 's : here = you can have mine , too = for the Cause , — . . ‘( throw ring into basket ; she watch rhett , a ' wait for approbation ) ~~ eed + and you , Mrs , Hamilton , = know just how much that mean to '' fous " . . : en eeneetemreennemh_ fase ei : dre meade '' earrisd '' up ’to. booth ) 's -* " '' Melanie ( uaa ) fess , dre meador , : ott . . '' Dr , meade ** ** : I need you '' ' approval for something we want to do that 's : rather shocking . 5 . ( to rhett and scarlett , take '' melante ' by the arm ) " - wand you . excuse we , please ? wt , wot . . , ( lead Melanie out ) . rhett bow . when they be out of earshot , he tum on 2 oe scarlett : . . : . , : : rhett : : ' , well , itll say one eng '' the War 's make 's '' the most t bacalder widow . : : geartet 's , , I wish you would go away ! if you would ‘had any pataing , you 'a | know zt never . want to see you again oe rhett . ry now , why be silly - you have no reason for hat mee '' run / carry you ' guilty secret to my grave . . scarlett 's pee ghee ( sarcasticall y , but slightly relieved and a * ghade : more friendly , she sreak like a silly child ) oh , I guess I would be very unpatriotis to hate one of the great heroes of the war , Captain butler . I do declare I be sur - poise that you should turn out to be such a noble character , om , rhett ( laugh ) I can not bear to take advantage of you litéle girl idea , milas o'hara , but I be neither noble nor heroic , '' wt scarlett ( surprised ) but you be be a _blockad runner -- os rhett ' for , profit = and a profit only -- cc. ss saee seem atomraeretnnnys_aneioreccsieuniumnainnnaeiznntereennins i ) continued : or t ° '' 49 oo 9ge101 '' cowpinued 's '' ( 4 ) : cc ty '' scarlett '' ue ane : you try to tell I you do not belteve in the Cause , : we '' Captain butler ? vote | rhett = 8 ! . ; lb , MI nelieve in rhett butler - ' hel '' the ' only ' Cause t now . '' the * . : : rest do not mean much to I , . the * medium sion - , _ planporic the bugler step back , and Dr. meade come to the center , of ' the platform . '' . . Dr. meade " and now , lady and gentleman , .a startling surprise for the pene sis , of the hospital . ( he laugh . the crowd laugh with he . ' then , as if '' announce the most startling thing in the world , . Dr , . meade spring it : ) gentlemen , if you wish to lead the open reel with the lady - of . you choice = you must banaasn for herl " ) series of close up reaction Young girl - giggle , . delighted . .; es Group of young man - extremely pleased , ~ unly . lover the hubbub from 's the hall , '' '' young '' otticer & ving the 5 rebel yell : . " ee - ya -eel " . : Dr , meade 's vole lover hubby ) . wo. '' athe ! ' roll of the : drum will open the bid . . ao my close up - scarlet ? * = as the drum roll , she be eager , intrigue , and try - . ing to hide ate. . yo. cn , I bs ' cot t 5 106 t t . L . . . . i 107 : chaperone's corner . . : vee aden & : of. : oe ' Mrs. merriwether come up and accost Mrs. meade who be 4 j i csitting next to aunt pittypat . vot Mrs , merriwether se a _ caroline meade , how can you permit you husband to csonduet this | - this slave auction . . Mrs. meade , : . dolly merriwether , how dare you criticize mar , Melanie wilk . tell the doctor that if it 's for the benefit of the Cause be be quite all right . continued : 7 aamemolenercrenahe , 4 julctimiaoteROKKa unea hane ae larue : oh dear , oh dear , where be ny smell salt ? t think be shall faint . I -- 2 not - ' . for " what ay , six ? continued ( 2 ) ' mos , merpivether '' 71 ! she do ! . ( glare at aunt pittypat ) '' ol aunt pittypat 91 ° Mrs. martivether : ere you dare faint , pittypat Zemtiton , if Melanie say att . alt right , it be all ahi ht . loe I pat plbtypat ceontuse ) . '' poll shot - armory = ( dr . meade mte fagen , shoot from musician " * platform ) . wohat a ny vibe ww wee : ' Dr , meade 's come , gentleman . do I hear you bide ? axe for , offer . do not be vashiul , gentleman . win 3 : - rene picard '' twenty , doliar - twenty dollar for misa maybelle merviwethert another officer twenty -five dollar for miss fanny eleing ! Dr. meade rhett 's voice ( from crowd ) | ' one hundred and fifty dollar in gold ! gasp of surprise from the crowd , then a cheer - Dr , meade rhett ( walk torard tha platform " for Mrs. ' charle Hamilton . . _ the general laughter and murmur of voice cease abrupt : , 1. lye there ts a gasp of surprise . all that about rhett > '' turn end stare at he , . . a > ghaperone ' corner they all gasp . - close up = scarlett -: 4 reacting to amazement . '' only twenty - five dollar for give you favorite '' leay the o-.- outstanding honor of lead the veel ? on roo . : a 32 nro. choosz shot 's ~ dr . meade tae dm meade ( ahock ) '' for whom , ein ? close shot - rhett in crowd '' that about he be gaze at he in 's amazement and dis - approval . only a slight curl of he lip betray he '' immer amusement . he casually troll a iittle nearer the _ piat hori : on rhett '' ) — Charles Hamilton , my pua hit ' ac long . shot .. include Dr. meade on platform and rhett advance - , lh , slowly toward he . ip witia Dr. meade Mrs , Hamilton be in mourn , Captain butler , Atlanta bely would be proud . ee ' any of we tee , rhett ( he glance sweep the orowd cond . ) I '' gata ure , ( Charles Hamilton . . e . : Dr , meade ( annoyed ) shs will not consider at , siz . . 114 , ctose 's '' shot - ' scarlett " . scarlett ( toss she head ack ) on , yea , ° T wild cond . . she throw open the trap . of the booth deftantiy , and . , camera . follows her as - she black dress in strike con= ov trast as she walk through the blaze of color , she head high , not look at any of the shocked face as the '' woman draw they skirt away from she - she make she way toward rhett , 115 . . . reaction of SHOCK from . guest a : saunt '' pidtypal : ein group with ‘other dowager , , aunt pittypat faint , a7 gwo shot = rede ' a d' scarcer 's ' " '' as they meet on the floor , . hectic wh of mo . . : $ 2 ( o sat 3 ccontinued ( 2 ) ° ae coe es . os rhett advance a step or two to meet she , smile and cc '. , agosis bow low , scarlett ourtsy and throw she head back | deftantly . , | 218 closé shot tevt , 's '' tee ' colored orchestra leader wh , yee try to . save the. situation , he call ; Levi . ' '' choose yor ' partner of ! ae verginny reel ! '' wo '' sho ? - - | reit 's and '' scarlett : ee , ou ae couple : '' form behind : they for . the dance ... '' rhett ment , wate , sort of shocked he contegeracr , scarlett . '' scarlett a it 's a uistie ' bat like blockad run , ' tent 18 ? '' rhett - . itt worse - . . ( grab she ) | pecrnse ' but , I '' expect a very Zoney '' profit ' out of i - oe scartett ( as they ' start to dance ) '' z dont . care what you expect and I ' don 's care what they thin , | I be go to dance and dance , I woulda!t mind _ dance sontgnt with abe lincoln himself} : ~ as the reel start , " dissolve to : '' rane shot - waltzer ‘on floor < olosz wo shot - rest ? and scarlett - ( warse pigure ) + * waltzing ' rhett rh ' i you be the most peautiful dance rive ever hold in my arm , | . scarlett ( coquettishly , with something of she _ Old manner from she barbecue scene ) - _ oh , Captain butler , you should not hold I so close . I will be mad at you do ! | ( bhat hold she even closer and whirl she around ) | | | j : medium shot 's - dancers waltzing 123°. | close '' mo ance - reset and scarlett . . : * waltze . of mee of fh ih : a sa a lae ed antintnlane ana neat dat imase erst . continued : '' continued ( 2 ) .. . > scarlett '' : another ' aance and my reputation wild be ' lose 's rever . . rhett tt if you have enough courage '' you oan do without a reputation , : -.. : scarlett oh , you do ' talk scandalous ! am i ps " close : 0 ' shot = resit ‘xd ' scant . ity * soarlett '' : . you ao. waltz ' asvinely , captain butler a rhott ”y '' do not start flirt with I , I be not one of\your ' plantation . deauxe i. want more than flirt from you . . scarlett ( coquettisnty ) what ' do you want ? ~ : , # rhott 4 rad tell you , scarlett 's o'hara , if gouty take that southern pelle simper off you face . - : : ( she drop hor oxpreaston end look at hin , : . - embarrassed ) - ' : some day I want you to say to I the word I ' reard . you ' say ‘to i ~ ashloy wilkos ... ' ( sho look up nat he , gasp with fury at the shamelessness of . though rominder ) / " E. ' love you , " 7 . *. scarlett , aghast at he ' brazen attack and at though revola - ~ tion of he intorest , ; narrow hor eye when she realize that at last she have the upper hand over this man whose | insult sho have be unable to cope with in they two i mooting . : . : wat seariott ( srtumphontiy ) ° . that 's : ' something you will never hear from mo , rhett butler , as i rong as you live ! : i long shot - dancers . '' dnelude rhett and searlett . '' dissolve to : .. : iserd : _ hand unfolding ietter sa or " dear ming . wilk : ° ut the confederacy : may need the continued : | '' 7 '' continued ( 2 ) life - dlood of its : man , but it do . °: ~ not yet demand the heart 's blood of its woman . I have redeeme you ring at ten time its value , : ° please accept its return as a . token . of my reverence for the : courage and sacrifice ofa very great lady , 2 Captain rhett butler " * 7 ny '' Melanie 's voice . '' ow sweet '' how kind . he be a thoughtful gentleman . : '' camera pan down ‘to postsoript . Hand hold letter 2 ' hold sho wedding ring on thumb . ap , 8 . 1 also enclose ura . handiténta ring . " . L 1 : se scarlett 's voice . . have piddie ~ dae - dee 2 wey do not he sy something ' agou = sacrie -fice ?.. . ook : - have . '' dissolve 703 , woe } not , aunt pittypat' live 's room 's + have " BOX - ( JULY , 1863 ) " = day |) 128-155 ante up of paris : ci ? the lid be '' be '' baken off , revealing a green bonnet . mo : : : as we pull baci we heap . searlett wwoteer ' oan * ; oa '' scaplettt ' voice | '' ea '' jon the darling thing ! . . 0 ses I ' ° lcamera be now back and reveal rhett in a chair , watch= ing scarlett as she look delightedly at . the bonnet she have take ony of the box . bas '' gearhett 0 ts , i oh , ' rhett , it 's lovely - sevely . you ' dtat not . ' peally boring 1t .- i ‘all the way from Paris just for I ? oh == .* " , £ rhett : to '' yes , I think it be time I et y you '' out of that fake mourn - | . ange next trip qi bring you | some green sik for a frock $ 0 natch it . seo : oo soarlett ' oe oh , rhett ! et ie : he take out | a cigar ? from 's a new ' case as he talk : : rhett : pou ! . it 's my duty to the brave boy ' at . the’ front to keep the '' girl | co , at home hook pretty . , 3 conexnve ; soy ° ' sos a . am 55 | 128-155 continued ( 2 ) ne . 's - gy , '' scarlett run toward | ' the mirror '' with the bonnet , talk '' as shé go : . scarlet * " " vo oh , '' abt so long since I have have ' eying new ! we ‘( she stand 'on a hassock to more easily see 2 she - a self im the mirror , gurgle with delight , then to ' play a trick on rhett , put ' the bonnet | on backwards and turn to hia ) how go. 'x look ? rhett look up from lighting ' nis '' otga , ar a rhett ( dismay ) = «°° ? * ana , '' saust awful ! . : ( get up and go to she ) ' meh fs have , tad vvhoot . rhett 's ee tee " I ' this war 's stop be a '' joue when a girs 8 you do not * _ even know how to wear the latest fashion . * ee . , '' scarlett . _° hare ee a rhett catch the mischievous look on she face and real - ° ize what she have be up to , 's he laugh and scarlett , danghe with hin . . . '' scanlett no - 08 , ett , let I doit . -: 8 . . ‘( she turn , look '' again ' into the. mirror ; and finish tie the dow , turn back , suddenly be . ' " . member ) bot , rhett , I do not know how I ' daxe to wear ltly ! ' . ( she lift she skirt to get down from the hassock , expose a little of she pantalettes ) dot '' . rhett ( eyeing she pantalettes ) . you ' wid , though . and another thing ... that pantalettex , : ( shake he head ) : " . I do not know a woman in Paris that wear pantalettes any more , : scarlet ( eagerly and - tmpulsively ) | ' ae ‘oh , what do they -- ces boa . ( stop herself ) . - . . ps cone ! you should not talk about such thing ! woof ( J '' es soe : rhett ( laugh aloud ) . = . oo you ' little hypocrite ! you do not mind ny ynow @ about , ' they ~ oa | to . + continued : a a have 128138 . conrinued ( 3 ) | oo .? : rhett ( cont !a ) . , '' just my talk about they , scarlett ( examine the bonnet . again ) but , rhett I can not keep on accept this gift from you . . ( rock at bonnet lovingly , she resolution weaken ) | although you 's be awfully kind -- . . - " re tt , itm not kind , I be just tempting | you . 't never give anything without expect something in _return , . I always get pay , : scarlett : eddy the you think I will marry . you , just . '' to pay for the bonnet , win of : _ rhett ( drop he arm '' laugh , . stroll away ) do not 's flatter yourself ! I be not a marrying man . of ao . scarlett ( follow he ) . . " wea , zr wonit kiss you for it , either . . we 74 . she look at he provocatively and flirtatiously , rhett . catch she by the arm , she close she eye and look iy ls if ready to . be kiss .. rhett puts_his arm about she , then , when it look as shewah > we be about to go into a hot tove scene lot '' rhett . open 's you eye and look at meg . - iy . $ 4 3 scarlett open she 's eye , rhett study they , shake he '' . head . _ so a bat '' oe " rhett hos do not think I will kiss you . . . ( he release '' scarlett , to. she embarrassment and wha rage ) . _ a lthougl you need kissing - vadly . that 's what 's wrong with you , you. should be kiss - - and ( often | - and by . somecn | who . imow | how. : have a oa ' scarlett ( ptquea ) vee and I suppoae 's you think you be the proper pereond , rhett ( judtedously ) . : | mum ... I might be ... if the might , moment ( oved camgse : '' - + scarlett va . youtre a dlack -heart , conceit varmint '' and I dontt mow ' why I det you . come to see I . . ' rhett : : : i rhiz tell you why , scarlett . because I be the only man over '' 4 sixteen and under sixty who 's around to show you a good tim , ~ '- but cheer up - the war can not last much longer . : : cot / continued : cove neraanere besten ey , dsm deena tasmniscco N abs oas apn at aller elina see ailsa aioe en re nfpa bo , 128-155 '' oh , rhett , '' rhett , tell mée ... be Ashley . in $ 22 yes , I gappose he 's in it . 0 ; " continued ( 4 ) scarlett ( cagerty on , really , rhett ? way ? rhett : at tas there 's . a little battle '' go on nant now 's , '' ought to : pretty well fix thing ( soverly for a moment ) * - one way or the other , . . scarlett ( anxious ) : pet rhett ( weartiy ) 80 you '' geil have not get the wooden -headed uy wilk out . '. of you mind ? :. piok up he hat , ataguatedty : 1 rhett : rhett start for the door , 3 nowt lo! daa aot >: scarlett '' ( man | ' after he ) nol mn , ' but tell bey rhett .. , please ... whore 4s it ? ' , rhett ( surning at the oor ) ' gome little town in | pennaylvania - call gettysd B + exterior strezd = ' outside . examiner office long shot - atlanta = day '' a tense , silent crowd wait outside the * newspaper office '' for news of the battle of gettysburg . . vert this dissolves ae the title : cos - wt hushed - ' ana grim , Atlanta turn : painful eye towards the far-away™ uiaea} '' Little town of gettysburg ... and .. a page of history wait for : three , day while two nation come to . % i death grip on the farm land of Pennsylvania ... as ' the title dissolves out , we pick out anxious , wear continued : 58 continued ( 2 ) face in the crowd - all eye turn toward the ex Office where casualty list be be print , . oniriex a boy appear at the top of the step lead ‘to the newspaper office , wave a sheaf of the list in he . '' as the boy start run down the stair , the crowd + surge forward in one movement , fight lts way to get the list , and frantic hand reach up for the news that will break they heart , we see uncle Peter , aunt ' pitty 's negro coashman , in the scramble 's crowd at the . * loot of the step . . scarlett and melante!s carriage : . : . Le we scarlett and Melanie aré seat , '' mole Peter 's coma up tal ' go shem , hand they the list which be in two > piece . : '' unole Peter , hesh yo ! ts , miss Melanie , dey be fightin for dem so hard wit just get tore in half , . Melanie pass lt to scarlett , ' tor reve brembling , violently . : : . Melanie . " . please ; '' scarlett '' you look ' the W 's at the end , -.: hoe scarlett take the sheet nervously , she emotion as . atrong as : Melanie 's . a scarlett -.. ( hunt on the tear sheet ) . wellman - wendéll - White - waitner - Wilicin '' :- widiiem | - woolsey = workman <= 3 : Melanie ( with a gasp of exoited rotted ) scartett , you have pass he ! . toe 7 ) scarlett : he be not there ! he be not there ! woe Melanie ( laugh and cry at , the same . '' tane ) : ashlay 'a safe ! he be not list . : sn '' scarlett 's : c4 pe hot safel he 's safe melante look at scarlett , realize ' the depth of she , motion , take she hand and press it . continued : : of : . . : so . 1 ! . eo bet * yo potty . : : : : 89 . aan toe of . ny toe {_ ) 187 gonpinted ( 2 ) . mte ' Melanie ... ~ . * a 4 * oh ; scarlett , you be 80 '' aweet . ' to. worry '' about Ashley '' lite '' this moo} to | forme , . be scarlett turn away in embarrassment . Melanie heara a sob from off scene and look in that direction , : the meade carriage - mrs , meade and dr , meade " 4 with they small son , phil , about fifteen , seat opposite they , Mrs , meade be sobbing , rock herself | giatractedly . a , . lote Melanie ( look = gasp as she realize that a :: Mrs. meade bas lose scmeone ) lo = must go to she . . : walante exit scene . '. or 3 meade '' carriage . : Dr. meade : '' ( the nis wife ) : do not my dear = not here . : q lett go home . | uo . Sf elanie come into the sen , open the coarriage | ' door . at " melantie - Mrs. meade , not ...7 % Dr. meade | yes , we boy .e. darcy Mrs. meade ‘( pheke up a piece of , ' knitting : from she lap ) . re zy waa | make ' this mitten for he , he will not need they nowe . i uo pai , ( stand abruptly ) mother , I be ge to enlist ith ] show they ! 's I will xt12 all . that yankee ! ; . : * yeiante ot ns ( climb into the carriage , and ' baking wes . ' meade . in she arm ) : phil meade , . you hush you mouth ! do you think it will help | ' you mother to have you off get shot , too ? I never hear of anything so silly . gno comfort ; Mrs. '' weade . ny sai neta enn a so | ube aone in she carriage stare at the tear casualty list . her eye be wide and a ttle | blurred with tear , rhett. ride up on horseback , - . to : - rhett , so a , . . yout a black 's day , scariett . you have not have bad news , have . youl : : we " 7 " searlett ashiey 's sater '' teed '' rhett. ( atneerely ) oo itm gat eo for Mrs. wilk ! sake ... _. ev : scarlett ( genuinely move ) bt , rhett there be sg many other eee of rhett many | of you '' priend ? scarlett . '' gust , about every family in the fount rhett - ~ ( ner vote break ) * = both of they , - ' rhett ( sincere aynipatnetie ; turn , and - look at the crowd and apeak nore * i softly ) look at '' ghem - all this poor , tragic people it 's the South . 's gink to its knee , it will never rise again , the Cause = : the Cause of iive in the past - be die right in . front of . ' US : : . scarlett ( lock at he in surprise ) ' tive never hear you , talk like that before . mo - ' rhett. , we ; stavanery . waste always : make I angry ! : and that 's . what : all this be . : ( look around again ) - sheer waste , ' ( then , rallying himself he look . at ne ) but 's do not you be downcast . she look at he , not know '' quite wat he mean , he return she : look and speak with rather bitter jealousy , . rhett : . i ' Ashley wilk 4s st111 alive to ' come honie to the woman who - | love. he + both of they . - scarlett sharply turn she head away , angry , and hurt , . : rhett , with he cynical smile make its first appear - wg _ ane of the aay , turn he horse and ride off , as we °° " dissolve to : uo 62 ( asg / > insert : notice of furlough held in man' hand & '' 2 , head qrs , cav , comp , 97 " . : nr , Orange Court House , va .. :23 Dec , 1863 wes Three day Christmas furlough be hereby grant to maj , Ashley wilk of cobb 's ; legion in consideration of meritorious _ service during the Pennsylvania campaign . E. ve White |. maje & A. A. genl ' approve '' 1 ude by by Stuart maj . Gen. comdg , * : dissolve 10 : tee oy : . : '' atlanta railroad station ( december , 1863 ) + day smist = fog ) . veta a military train '. terribly nondescript and remshackl = make .up of box -car , flat and coaches , be just clank= _ ing its way out of the station through the fog , ett ! : wisp of wood - emoke in the fog and the bang of a couple of flat wheel , the chugge of the engine and ' the tinny ringing of the bell fade under the crowd . nolse . . . . on the platform , soldier on leave , a few wounded on stretcher and convalescent , be greet by they sobbing , laugh woman -folk . the soldier ! uniforn be rag and dirty , and they be carry they gear in everything from regulation imapsack to bandanna : , handkerchief . - not : . a band comprise of small boy and play foully out '' of tune be on 's hand to welcome the wounded and furlough - man , they music blare weally through the ' crowd noise . we.see the embrace of mother and son , husbard and wife , sweetheart - of all class and condition ... with mich call of the familiar phrase ... : oo moe " voice ( ad lib ) so o4 '' + merry christmdsl.. , : . . 4 ( sod . * 0 . ) gurismmus gift ! christm giflee . * | : loos 4 Neo ° oh 6 son oe sonssee coe ' vas tog _ and now you be ... home seo . : . : '' . / oh , my darlingl .. 0000 ... ein : lek , hha | je | etc.e. the 1 ' continued : | 62 e 143° . continued ( 2 ) ~ my ' ( the camera move through this until it stop upon Ashley and Melanie in each other 's arm , slow and painful tear be crawl down Melanie 's cheek , while she try to smile with a bright anguish of happiness . she touch 3 , Ashley 's face , almost timidly , with she fingertip , as if she finger must - learn the new hollow in he cheek . > Ashley 's uniform - that of a Major of cavalry = be ut patch and fade , with badly mend ravel hang down from the cuff . it be no longer confederate grey , but _ , butternut ; and he be wear a shabby old overcoat over '' " " dt . he carry a bedding roll . he be tan and very lean , with desperately tired eye ; he wear a pistol in ia shabby holster ; a batter scabbard slap against he boot ; and he spur be brightly polished over run-over _ heel . the uniform of the other return man be simi - larly change , many of they even worse . camera move up to close shot of Ashley and Melanie , as sho come out of the ‘embrace to speak : ' : " oy . .) melante ( rise inflection , rather unsteady ) °- oh , you be .. shere .. you be really here at last ! oh - ny. dear , I have wait so long . - pte . : Ashley ° ot ries ete as mo '' ( kissing she again , and smile a little with he i - eye ; with new wrinkle at the corner of he eye ) . __ my dear - my darling wife . be a , : she. touch he face again and put she head on he chest i for a moment = then come out of : it sharply with a sud - : . '' ' de think . lo ab fee ee : : - Melanie ' Te : oh '' but we be forget scarlett ... ' " camera move quickly to reveal scarlett , : stand a little aside . her face be almost blank - freeze with '' i the steel repression of she internal . conflict . between ; happiness at see Ashley again . and agony at have to '' . watch Melanie 's hand upon he face , she be in the gzeen | ' ch , ' bonnet rhett have give she , and under she coat be the | dress make of the green silk rhett promise to bring she , | 4 ' ; pin to she coat she be wear a sprig of holly ; anc with it she finger be unwittingly betray she des - perate restraint , she be not aware of it , but she fin - - ger , quite rigid but very casually , aze pluck one by one the berry from the sprig , and drop they one by - one ' : as Ashley and Melanie move into the same scene with scare lett and Ashley speak , reach for she hand , the last '' berry slip between she finger ; and she try to smile . . Ashley . . . ' scarlett , dear - =- we scarlett try to , smile with she eye , at heast ; a tear oo '' continued : , 7 | : : a 63 " C ) m4300 . =. continued ( 3 ) i , not interfere , but ' she wink '' it '' away and manage a too - | , yo : : bright smile with she lip , * ee dow . Ashley . °° : fhe win th ge 12 , 43 this any way to greet a return warrior ? '' we | scarlett ( as another tear get away and roll — os . down she cheek ) eo too , Ashley '' I - I -- . wo . . : . .. , ( she lip quiver , once , uncontrollably , then she . , set she jaw with determination , smile again , '' 's '' tguite gently : ) . , . . : e° merry - Christmas , Ashley . ; - ? . ) to tk oe _ quick dissolve to : - cc oo : at : lot I . '' ; . . pe : noe cae aan 144 " ext . ; barnyard - aunt pittypat ! S house _ day '' uncle Peter 1s in the yard , . hatchet in he hand , '' he 4s , in ' pursuit of a large , frighten rooster , . : : : uncle 's Peter ( during the chase ) . boy ed come on , ol ! gentleman ... we 'se et all yo ! wife . we 'se et all yo ! little chick . ' you 'se get nobody to worry yer head ~ about fer leavin ' , come on ... now you . jus ! stand still so you '' gan be christm gif ! fer dey w'ite fotk . now hol !. one . - hol!.on , ..dontt go gettin' . so uppity , even if yot be the las ! _ chicken in Atlanta ... — hee note . ( he pounce on the rooster ) se - of ' '' '' entok dissolve 70 : 4 saeed dey he there yas " . °.' > int , dine room - aunt pittypat be - christmas day = , '' open on close up of carcass - the remain of the poor old - rooster , we hear scarlett 's voice as camera start - 0 pull back : . -- ty : scarlett !s voice ( petulantly ) loe oh , let 's not hear about the war , it 's Christmas ... lo ( softly and reminiacently ) to , . lett ' talk about twelve oak and tara and the time before . . , there as any old war , .. can we have the wine , aunt pittypat ? '' now camera have pull back to reveal aunt pittypat , scarlett , Melanie , and Ashley about the table , in b.g.5 a sad little holly wreath and holly decorate the table . , aunt pittypat be carefully divide the content of a madeira bottle among four glass . uncle Peter stand at er side . 's : my ' aunt pittypat . ( pour the wine ) | Way do you say there be not enough , uncle Peter ? there 's - plenty , . - : : : so . '' yt a> , continued : err 64 . continued ( 2 ) lew vaunt pistypat ( conttd ) «+ pott be ( she take ' the tray from uncle Peter and carry it 1 + $ 9 the other ) . . not noe - ( he ts the last of my father 's fine madeira that he get from ‘his uncle , Admiral wilbur hamilton.of Savannah , who marry he cousin , jessica Carroll of carrolton , who be he second _ cousin once remove and icin to the wilkese , too . and I : save it to wish Ashley a merry Christmas , but you must not ' drink 1 to all at once , because it be the last . " dissolve to : int , aunt pittypat' hallway 26 8 0 loree. |. Melanie and Ashley climb the stair to the second '' floor , arm in arm , uncle Peter be lighting the way for they , hold aloft a fine silver candelabra . Ashley be walk 's with study casualness , glance down at mel - - : _ anie 's finger - tip on he sleeve ; she be walk with downcast eye . : to Ashley °° - ' . . ( tenderly , but at the same time give the impre - -. ' sion that he 's say it as a safe sort of thing to fit into he casual air -. just as if they have walk - : ed upstairs together like this every evening for . " all this month ) a a . I mean it , my dear , it be a lovely Christmas gift . - really . only general have tunic like this nowadays , : a : a Melanie ( still not look at he ) I be ...s0 happy you like it , dear . tat '' Ashley ye a wot . ( stroke the tunic and continue 4 little too : and prightly , so that he sound slightly affect ) : where do you get the cloth ? woe talc : be . a Melanie ( hesitate ) | be , of it be send I by a Charleston lady . I nurse she son while . he be in the hospital , Ashley - before he die - and -- : ( she look at he imploringly at she own reminder of the danger to she beloved . ~ oh , you will take care of it , will not you ? you will not let it get = tear ? promise meet . . beige ns ' Ashley ; you must not worry '' . . ( lightly ) : the pte ue wy I will pring it back to you - without any hole in tte 7 ° " T tromise ( tendely ) : .. . '' " ( they have reach . the top of the stair . melante D turn ) . . a '' long shot - ( prom there angle ) + shoot diagonally across the stair . continued : : 65 . continued ( 2 ) ! so , 7 scarlett stand in the doorway to the live room , he > chur. hand on the drape , watch Ashley and Melanie off scene , the scene be light by a candle on a table beside scar. lett and oy uncle Peter 's candle 0.58 . '' ho , 4 etek bole noe two shot = ashley ' and melanie - look back at scarlett . ° '' - on Ashley 's face we read he realization of ' scarlett 's ' emotion . his eyea flicker a little and he glance . . quickly again at 's he wife 's hand on he new sleeve . but immediately he -. force a smite and call to scarlett . : Ashley good '' night , my dear . Melanie tenderly throw : a 43 , * b0 " ' searleté , . , , 7 metenie night , scarlett saethnge ' close up + '' scarlet ? wn still gaze upward | ' after '' melani '' and . Ashley , sh open " she lip to mumble a wretch good night to they , but . fail and close she lip again with a long breath , stand there completely motionless for a moment , she hear they footstep go into they bedroom , a slight , embarrassed cough from Ashley and then the sound of the - door close softly but decisively . at that , she finger , hold the drape , clench into a fist for a " instant , and then . slowly and hopelessly relax and slip down the drape , the light effect on scarlett 's face have be change for the past moment or two as uncle Peter 's candle vanish , but . she face remain light by the want light of the candle beside she . dissolve to : tnt , hall .- aunt pittypat be - morning - uist 's uncle Peter be come down the stair carry Ashley 's asnpd dlenket roll . scarlett enter the scene hastily as he reach the bottom step , y . scarlett . . be '' at time 's yet , uncle Peter ? noe ie ' time for mere '' ashley | to '' _ leave ? : :} tape on bs . stak eer woe tee unele Peter pootty '' quick , now , miss scarlett . watt 1 * seanett , . thas motante tanit go to the depot . with he ? she have not continued :. 150 . - '' continued ( 2 ) ao seanlett : ‘( eon to ) " change she mind ? . unele peter no , m mar 'am , she 's layin ' down , 's she 's so upset ) met! wilk '' tole she she cai not even come down stair , ° > he exit out ' the front door with Ashley 's blanket roll , scarlett turn distract and desperately unhappy , and ' walk a few step away from the bottom of the stair , . . then she hear Ashley 's '' fontetep , on the stair end : vie * turn back hastily . . Le . 2 '' yedium shot - " ashley 's - . come down the stair . he ts. miserable at the farewell scene he have just be shrough with Melanie . . stop as . he see scarlett . a po you ' lenose up - ashley . i his face reveal he nervousness as he see scarlett | twait for he . he wish he do not have to face what be go to be a difficult scene , in view of the last time they be alone together at twelve oak . * she run toward the ' pottom of the stair , neck suas ' ly up " ere '' '' as Ashley reach the lower atep , scarlett run up two : step to mest hin , speak as she run : . ' y nett scarlett - a Ashley , rob , I go to the depot with you ? , moe Ashley ( dodging ) ' ol ae é 2 , 36 a 0h , scarlett , I would rather remember you as you be now = not , shiver at the depot . louse ' searlett ( lower she head ' to dtsarpotntnent ) '' all ' pight . ° '' Ashley , in dndry 's fashion , take she hond . scarlett look at nin . suddenly she face brighten slightly . : * soaplett : . . . Ashley , I have get a present for you too ! continued : 67 continued ( 2 ) . : she start into the aive room , Ashley follow . int , live rook scarlett come into the live room , pick up a yellow silk sash from the table and hold at up to Ashley . he take it . . tie it ’on as my dear . '' '' he unbuekle nis sword belt and scarlett tie it around he ) . ! seartett " * " " " while moldy be make you new mante , t nade this to go with yuos : it . : '' " Ashley - a : . you make '' ut yourgent ? ' then tipyetue 2 it all the more . - '' " scarlett '' a '' you know shore 's nothing I would not do for tou . - '' ashley : '' there 's something you can do for I . . scarlett | ( eagerty ) what be at : . : " ashley . . will you . look after Melanie for I ? ghet so frail and : gentle ' , and she love you so much , you see , 1 for I be kill and she thad -- 3 . . - : . : 2 scarlett toot os fet be dh ohy -y you mista't say thatl : it 's bad : luck , . say -a prayer , , quickly . : . : tee - Ashley ue the : x : you say one gor I . we-shall - need all we prayer now the ' end . be come ... . not . lo : a : scarlett . the ‘end ? . ps rr aii i ashle ey " * ' the ' end of the war . - and , ' the ond of we world scarlett v sov geamtett 7 but , aster , you do not think 's the yankee be veating uate '' . ( she sit down on settee ) ) : . Ashley . . 4 the yankee have beat US . gettysouig be the beginning of i * the end , only people here do not know it yet , | mo , ( move away from she a the window ) | | continued : - , ; - 68 185 ss continued ( 2 ) os " Ashley ( cont would ) | : oh , . scarlett , my man be barefoot now , and the’ ' anow in vis . Virginia be deep . when I see they , and I see the ' yankee . come and come , always more and more «« '' oturn back to scarlett ) : : well , when the end do come , I shall be far astays ' even 's if i'n alive . too far to be able to look out for Melanie , '' ' ( sit beside scarlett ) '' '' Tet be a comfort to I to know thas '' she have you . you '' with promise ; will not you ? sb hs scarlett ( dully ) _ yess bs be that all , Ashley ? . sore Ashley «-- . '' gaa except = good - bye . — of N ( stand up ) " . oo scarlett ( stand ) | oh , ashiey = I cantt let you gol . . ~ ' ashley , ' you , must be brave «= ~ oan '' scarlet ; nof : Sat ot he meri ' Ashley you must -- - : mo scarlett not Ashley '' . how else can I bear joing ?. oh ; scarlett . -- you be 's 30 , fine and strong and beautiful , not just you sweet face , my dear , but you = : : will . , . . _ sound of chime off scane , wet not '' they look off , Ashley start as noe to goe scarlett take a step after hin , pos os : scarlett oa , kiss I . kiss I good - bye . he bend he head to she ' goreheaa . but she turn she . face so that he lip meet she lip and she arm be ... . 's about he neck in - a strangling grip , for a instant he . '' uv press she body close to he . then , suddenly , he - be reach up , detach she - arm from he neck , and stand nowa she cross wrist in he two hand , oo : Ashley . no , . scarlett , . no. . we . scarlett ~ : , we - oh , Ashley , z love youl itve always - love youl I have never j continued : ee i ro 155 157 " good-bye . 69 continued ( 3 ) scarlett ( cont would ) love anyone alse ! I only marry Charles 's '' just ' $ 0 hurt , you . oh , Ashley , tell I you love he , rad live on at all though rest of my life ! . so ~ ' he look at she almost stupiazy for a moment , then in '' y he face she see he love for she and he jor that she love he and , battle with both , he shame and . he despair , '' then he turn to take up he hat . R ° Ashley — ( he go out ) scarlett stand look 's after he a moment , watehing hin - leave . we hear the sound of the front door close after _ abser hase sod , and saariett pun to the window to take er . . . 's the to sr th = bee , '' shoot from int , through the window - over ' scarlett' shoulder . - '' scarlett watch Ashley - as he go quitkly down , the walk . and . be lose in the mist , the last scarlett and the audi - sb , ence see of Ashley , be the glitter of he sword . scarlett ( in a whisper ) when the 1 war 's over , Ashley ! when the , war 's . over ! fade in : °° I Atlanta pray while onvard " ' surge the triumphant 's yankee 's .. " .: head be high but heart be 's heavy , as the wounded and the pe , refugee pour into unhappy Georgia , int , hospital tn church .- nigh ? camera , trucking , enter the front door of ' the chureh , .down the center aisle : toward a light which burn at th * far end of the aisle , 11luminate the altar and two - woman 's figure who be bend , motionless , over a in - . distinct vagueness in the shadow under the altar , they attitude be queerly religious - macabre and pitiful in , , shat place . '' slowly we reveal that the center aisle of 's she church be line and crowded with bed , now : bed of '' gill description commandeer from the home of Atlanta from the sagging , ugly iron bedstead with crack and , peel paint take from the shack of negroe and poor '' white trash to one enormous and baronial canopy bed from a mansion . continued : and , as a worshiper would in time of peace , come slow ey gl be ? continued ( 2 ) * the whole scene of the bed be dimly light from unseen | + source , and enormous , loom shadow move vaguely on the wall , from somewhere , a man 's voice , high - pitch and terribly tense , be say =~ almost chant - word vy vwwhich , as the camera enter and truck slowly , be in - distinct . and from the bed , continuously , come the ave ful night sound of ' shat place , run underneath that one voice in a litany of pain . " as camera come steadily down the aisle , nearer and nearer to the pulpit , the light there be reveal as the waver flame of a old kerosene lamp , the figure be - come Melanie and scarlett ; and they be bend over a ' bed , from which that high - pitch , chant voice be 7 ' come . scarlett its busy with bandage . Melanie have a towel pin around she head , like a coif . : i ' the voice ( gradually become more and more .-- : , distinct ) . sev and there 's & place back home where a wild plum tree come _ to flower : in the springtime .. , down by the creek , you know , . Melanie ( soothingly , like ery to , quiet 'a fretful child in ' the night ) es , rz know - I imow <- camera be now there and have stop , very close , make 'a two shot of Melanie and scarlett against the altar . they shadow be enormous against the altar . they look at éach other as the voice go on . Melanie bite she ~ . lip , amd then look down again at the uriseen man in the , bed . scarlett be watch Melanie 's face 's curiously . the voice ( beginning to wander a little in : wed : delirium ) when we be Little , my brother , Jeff , and I use to .. , I tell you about my brother , Jeff , do not I , mar 'am ?... I know I do . he ... we do not know where Jeff be , now , mar ! em since bull run , we have not hear anything and ... of * - . ( his. volce break ) e ie 7 Melanie . please ... we must have you semperature now , please do just take tal in you you mouth and not talk any more , not just now , '' she stoops , with the thermometer in she hand , and finally straighten up , look again at scarlett , scarlett ( finish pavell the. bandage ) Melanie - I be so tired , . tive get to go home . be not you ' uire , Melanie ? a lon . ye 'o melante ( smile a little with anguish ) . : nose ! not tired , - this could be . sashley , and only stran - ger here to comfort he , I be not tired , scarlett , ue continued : no : 7 spe ( 2 asv : ; '' continued ( 3 ) : : smear come to scarlett 's eye , Melanie turn and look for toe y , out , over all the bed , from which the night ' sound be ace eb come , '' tien ehendttlntan sire m Melanie . : hot - .' they could - be Ashley , scarlett .. and. 2 6 i850 ? the two woman look at each other for a moment , then " Melanie stoops again , follow by she shadow on the al - . tay and take the thermometer from the mouth now silent xcept for the breathe . 2 3 she straighten up , hold the thermometer in both z hand to read it , bow she head a little to read it , - camera pan upward , and she shadow on the pulpit 's face be like that ofa . saint , pow its head over fold - hand . . '' for '' dissolve to ; ext , hospital step - nicht ae '' tow camera set up , shoot up hospital step at a ... angle . ' two carriage at the curb in f.g . the horse . face away from camera , - : . Di ple uncle Peter stand wait beside miss pittypat 's car - . plage . the other carriage stand at the curb be a ' handsome open vehicle . suddenly , & loudly dress woman step out of it , she back to we , she run up the step - to the two girl , the camera moving in with she . as she . get near they scarlett stop , horrify . melanis stop a second or two later . ~ . to at the time the dialogue start , we be in a close shot -ef the three , shoot over woman 's shoulder at the two , girl , : . . = hey , bit : ok woman ( Belle ) ue to ' itve be sit by this curb one solid hour wait to |. speak to you , miz wilk . a noe , uncle Peter enter on the run . - " uncle Peter oo so go on , you trash , do not you be pesterin ! this lady ! . : fos bone 4 rate tie . scarlett ( sharply ) do not talk to she , melly , : oe oe '' Melanie ( frighten , but see it t .. it 's.all right , scarlett . —. aod wane +. ( to Belle ) of / , who be you ? hate secietenla Belle -. °° . . oa - my name 's Belle watle , but that do not matter . . , ° 1. '' continued : . . ee -ehaexneist Melanie and scarlett be come down the hospital step . — 4 i | | '' co 72 '' se ' > " . conrinued ( 2 ) ut yo * Belle ( conttd ) .. ( to séartett ) =. expect you think I have get no business here . Melanie wea have not . you , best tell I what you want to gee I . ' about ? 's ue . | Belle a first time I come here , i. say " Belle , you be a nurse , " but | the lady do not want my kind of nursing . well , they be | more than likely right . then I try give they money , m7 money be not good enough for they either , . old peahen ! but I . know a gentleman who -say you be a human be . if you be , , which they be not , you will take my money for the hospital , Mrs. meade emerge . from the ' hoapital , atop : outrage . Mrs. meade 's * i what ave you aokas here ? have not you beer tell ' gite ) already , ! * borie . . this ' tama 's tt converse with miz wilk . '' oe . : . ( Mrs. meade and scarlett both gasp ; but Belle turn 4 he , '' back to Melanie ) ib hs rot ' you might as well take my money . itts good . money , ' even 1 for 4 % ' bear 's ming \( nand the money wrap in a handkerchief to i '' , = Melanie ) | «2 -2 27 : Melanie ' tm sure you be very generous . uncle Peter and scarlett be ahock . they look at one | ' another in dismay . i wo va oot '' of Belle > : : no , ‘tin note I 'ma confederate ike averyoody elie , that 's : des . of course , you be , ' involuntarily she hand go out to touch Belle 's arm . : | Belle ts deeply move , look down at she arm then up at t Melanie . . cent gape od a wee i Belle j there 's : some folk would not feel that way . maybe they be not - ! ' as good Christians as you . ~ * - ( a sharp look on this for scarlett and Mrs. meade ) 's | she turn quickly and go down the step to the carry 's boao teat and nant eben nia bhai i hee i | i ' be | f&a '' from which she dismounted at the beginning of the scene ' | oy 4 . Mrs , meade catch she breath , be about to explode , bus ) 3 LA , ; Melanie have untied the handkerchief . ' a | i . mo Melanie - | ' i ' ' look , Mrs. meade 's ! it 's a great deal of money ! ten. twenty . ae no '' continued : 13 continued ( 3 ) 2 en oe '' : oe Melanie ( cont 14 ) '' of : et ay '' gnaty , pifty ... dnd it ds not we paper money ? '' sete go1d : - scarlett 1s suddenly aghast as over she shoulder we ase 8 monogram on the handkerchief : re B . " . scarlett - a poe ae '' tet 3 not gee that handkerchief ] : e oat , ( she take 4 '' and look in , the comer ] " rb . " ( she look up la bs large close up - scarlett in profile in f.g. ibelle| drive off in - rhett 's ! vearrtage in beb - cf geamtete 2 just be not a lady what / would a't I I tell that varmint ! ' she hurl the handkerchief to the ground ag though 16 ° 1 , be a. carrier of leprosy germ ; and as the carriage . dear Belle disappear into the darimess , 's we . . . S ete pade out + . fade in : eo : panic hit the '' otey with the finest . _of sherman 's shell , .. helpless - and unarm , the. populace fle from the oncoming Juggernaut 's . and desperately the gallant remnant of a army march out to face . the a foe eee '' ' rong shot - atlanta streed '' shell be purst , - pariteley crowd stee sarcugh the street . . pe .. 162 '' zong shot = : '' ( snoormye from hi ! . vo a national HOTEL ) '' the street fill with flee people ' and foot soldier be march in opposite direction , . go 16 " . long shot - STREET ( another angie ) '' ? camera pan with ' runaway wagon , a shell hit '' ade and she 's drive off in rhett butler 's cacti ago e0hy 42.2 ' et up toward hospital 1g : lona ' sor - lower end of peacetree STREET oo . . " camera pan neath fire engine as at race shrough street , . - Lone sho ? " STREET . | . plee people afoot , '' carry they '' petongind . load '' wagon move down street in b.g. , away from - camera , : camera dolly in and over huge pile of debris ag a . shell burst beyond it in the street . -- int , hospital in church - close shot - stained glass . ' window of a RELIGIOUS tableau - night - ( JULY , 1864 ) a shell burst outside , lighting up the sky . the rever - . beration shake the window , crack it , and a piece of Glass with one of the religious figure on it fall out . be read over one of the bed . somey . sete Minister ( read in f. be ) phe ' Lord 4s my shepherd , Z shall not want . he maketh I to iie down in green pasture , he leadeth I beside still . «.. water , he restoreth my soul . 2 Fe leadeth I in the path of righteousness for his name 's sake wee though . I walk through the valley of she shadow of death . camera be ncw . on close shot of the bandage soldier on '' the cot . a : '' ' yantster 's voice , iwill fear no evil for thow art with I ; thy rod and tey staff , hey comfort ms . pan sho ? I . . . . with scarlett 's ' pr , meade , ? and a Medical , compe sergeant i as they pass blong the | got , . ~ the sergeant ' ls ia full uniform with a ' prood-stained ae apron over he and he sleeve turn back from he ' wrist , bed , almost touch each other , be crowded _ together - almost more than the church can hold . in '' they lie the wounded and die , who scream out in terror , '' frighten by the continue _oxprosionse . a scarlett : a .' the enkee !. on , Dr. meade they're - they be get - a. eloser '' ' L. : : ' Dr , meade ( weardiy , but. very calm ) * they ! 22 z never get ) into Atlanta , . they will never get through eld peg - leg Hood , : 's : ' , continued : '' . gambra pan down from the window , pass a minister who . 75 continued ( 2 ) .. ( ) . * : " " gamera travel with dr . meade , scarlett , and the ser - fy ... ° , . ; geant , as they walk . through the wounded and die man vy y . + : o« toward the nave of the church , unkempt and stare man sg . 5 ' be toss , moan , and cry out . the place swarm - «with fly . bandage and rag lie beside the bed . the room be light by smoking kerosene lamp . only a few 's '' i , doctor and orderly and woman volunteer nurse be in be attendance , huge and grotesque shadow of thé patient ' line the wall . as they pass , we pick up as some of the background action and hear enroute , the line indicate ' of ' * below : a man 's voice be hear cry , ghastly , and _ shostiy : . ' soldier lerytiag out ) we somethin’ of ' the pain ! somethin ! of ! the pain ! Dr. meade . call back to the man who be obviously in agony - he neck bandage with bloodstain cloth as - _ af he have be shot through the throat . Dr. meade sorry , son , we have not get anything 's to give you . - they continue on and pass a soldier with bandage and — bound arm , soratch Bas back against a pillar , like . a animal , . : . - soldier '' / thede animale be drive I , orazy . e a grave - face , bearded man , read ' quietly from a '' - prayer book , be undisturbed by two batter veteran ao , aate up in the next bed - play seven '' pe Card player : ° 4.. we wo eva : what luck , you have get my jacki ... ~- give I a ace , and I will start another wodsee -- '' I will bid the moonl ... a young soldier dictating a letter to a. woman 1 who sit . beside he write on a block of paper with a lead pen - cil , she work light by a kerosene lamp around which moth be flutter . with one hand she brushes they away from the soldier . , as Dr. meade , scarlett , and sergeant pass , we’ hear some of the soldier 's word : : . '' dying soldier eo that I will never see you nor pa again - scarlett , Dr. meade , and the sergeant have ' reach the _ . ' nave of the church , camera stop behind a foreground oo piece of a pulpit which hide the wounded man . we see ' , ° only the head and shoulder of Dr , meade , scarlett , and ~ the sergeant as Dr , meade bend over to make he exami~ nation . . sar dr.’ meade ( to the wounded man , look ap ) this leg 's get to come off , soldier , continued : 6 _- rcontinued ( 3 ) . ° : ty . 7 seariet , _ ror wrifle , : step & little aside > 3 : " goldtor 's voice ( terror , zed ) _ honsenos slosme alone ] ee ne . , Dr. - meade rtmy 's sorry , soldier . sergeant ( erightenea ) wo!re ait 's run out o! shioneforn , Dr. meade Dr. meade - - '' then we will have to of operate without tt . '' close up =) scarlett | < reacting a disgust and horror . " ggnad qutee 's retee , ( aeeat ) : I will not ' det you . ao '' '' ppp , meade and sergeant '' '' '' ' dry meade . soldier 's : voice ' " yo , ro , ' do not . : ts have . . '' dy. meade ( wearily pabsc he hand '' < over he : forehead ) ° L ‘have not see my famil ny in three aayse tin go b home for '' bal ? a hour , | i. : '' as the’ sergeant step forward to aire ' the soldier ' from a -. the bed , Dr. meade turn out of scene , Te S _ sergeant ( call off ) - cnderigi give 's meat lift . '' . trucking shot with dr , meade . . . '' y += nearer the other end of the room , on he way out , " his attention be attract by . the attitude of a patient ina ' ped , he step over , lift the eyelid of the unconscious iman , he be dead . . . . Dr. meade ot nurse , you can free this bed . : - he go out . ' gott Dr. wilson to take this leg off temedtate2y ' it 's gan - '' 77 back to scarlet ? . , . , 48 she hurry vetweon Seas carry | a wator bowl , she see ! hear a voice . prank Kennedy 's veire - misa ' scarlett ! she look around and recogniz eo fran Kennedy , : a bandago around he faco , we see clearly that he faco be line wand he hair and beard , such as we soe of it , have thin | stroak of gray . Tho wor have take a torrible toll from : . scarlett ( recognize hin ) ! ity Frank konnody < 4 : prank konnedy * miss suollon - be she woll ? | : " scarlet «| when dia they bring . you in , prank ? be have aul rignst '' be - you bad hur prank Kennedy . .. of but wias '' suellen - be she - be ' she " searlett be :, oh , she 's all right . fe ' the sergeant come into the scene . sergeant ( to scarlett ) Dr , Wilson need you in the operate room ; ura , hamtiton . : het go to take off that leg , better hurry ... ' scarlett ' turn away , '' sadte back to franks - scarlett | .. , tll be pack she goos to the door outside '' she small adjacent room . which be use as the operate room , as she come to '' the '' door ske hear plereing . erias trom inside , ite operating '' roon | - ( from scarlett' angle ) - the operation be in progress , . but we soo tt only '' in tre -. mendous shadow on the wall : . the doctor with seatped in .. rand and the scream patient . : ' soldtert voice ( howling ) a mge not ... no .. '' lemme alone ! no! no ... cantt stand see '' ye , nol . 4 - | close shot - " scarlett she hesitates a instant , stand in the doorvay look . - Tho agonize emte of though man swoep over hoz , sho etand freeze with the horror of the picture . : - continued : foc ent nape eI homer rem the hm pn simeaneee ne rennet terittteneomt neon inant eymetuniurecneinstininesetnn wer ai ee ec ee tinea st va smietotaaancsunnsneeanetanarg at , pasamesaend pnunadnneerenreraqesanten - 17s 78 - continued ( 2 ) man 's voice 's do not cut . do not cut . son!ti... donit ! '' please ... scarlet turn and begin to run . anothe > explosion ree verberate , the sergeant appear again , run after she . : . Le Dr. Wilson where 's the nurse ? : sergeant it me , Hamilton ! dre Wilson 's wait ! scarlet ( grimly - and woth terror and disgust edging she voice ) let. he wait , I be go home . itva dene enough , I do not want any mor man die and scream , I do n's want any more ! _ ashe run out ) ext , ceurch hospital step - niget . +... > . as scarlett come out the door , a scene of violence ui strike she , tad eee eat . : 1 sis ext , STREET - ( from scart=er ' 's angis =) the street be block with carriage wi move in one direction . the carriage be full of woman and child and darky drivin ang . bpuniss pile in the carriage anc belonging bundle inside sheet , sreil surst pn the aim in the distance , another shell burst on the groun im ths street , it tear a great hole out of the street '' erumple a lamp post . a horse stampedsd down the svreet , berserk , drag a riderless wagon behind 15 , the street become more crowded with old man on foot carry - ang srunk and staggering forvard , there be child u sease varking dog and oting $ 0 chei > mother ! skirt a city be evacuate . the street be 2i2l with shoutize , terrify people . : a five engine go clang : '' down the strest , mannedc by man in rec shirt , ae also move to the opposite direction of she mob , pass bedmag gied , weary file of confederate solcier force y through she group soware the encrencment and ork at the edge of the ci one huge man carriss the nity of three or feur other who ‘are zco weary to . bea > they own weapon , above the noise we hear woman ie . shptek , voice bo my Zankeesi ... i . : : . ' be , comingle .. dg cominzl oes q back to scareetd _ . she stand watch ' this panic for a moment , then , . camera with her , she run '' quickly down thes step and in ae , bhe @izection opposite to the one take oy the sprawle ss " gng , sweese mass of human sleeing ‘he cisy . 3 suddenly above the din we hea > the voice of darky - sing . they.are sing a nymn , " go down mose . " rey a oa , , cire . be . ' , , . scarlet xeeps run . she stop . out of a converge ' xi + street she see a troop of negroe come march . they . be sing , lead they a> be several white man in uni- ' form , she stop and stare , the negroe carry shovel and pickax on thei > shoulder in the sront rank of the negroe be Big Sam anc other she know . . grae . . scarlett. ( cry out ) Big Sam ! Big saml _ curt crosz seer - big SAM and oneea a tee ted | he stop as h see scarlett , surn to he companion . he wot Big Sam . . almighty mose ! it 's ass scarlet ! |. scarlet ( call again & Sam ! . cosn up to they and hold out she mand 4 - big. sem take it ) . htg eee tpostle ... Prophet . {she shake hand wi sh the grin black ) oh , I be so grad to sea you . tell I = about tara - about =y _» mother . she dcid a't write I . oo San ' she 's geome and get sick , miss scariett . eo , . : scarlett sick ! . — San . just a lil ! ois sick , that 's all , miss scarlett . you pa = ke gust wild when cey wouldn ! let nin figh on account to mis break knee - and he have liss when dey take att we Zeal , han 's to é4g ditch of ! de white sojer 3 ° nll in . sus yo ! . mar say dca gontadzutzyz need we . so wat goin ! so dig = of ! '' the South . '' yt . scarlet ( agonice ) sem , be this a doctor ? . '' mounted Officer ( > iding in ) _ sorry , mar 'am , we have gov to march , . sem ( grin de - * .. good-bye , mic scarlett . dente worry - we will stop dem yankee . . . . . lo. . to I eondervaeeneee peeener nen tpeanetnnatosatos giant cnutesesnapstinnnb usted saunndsunejosesuneunensunnesrennarniattntantttenceeitn tensive oman : wale meet ose st be . ancien mension cere hienanen pee : teceanmn eat smo wsnenensc asa onesanr ae sco htn pin aee dee ea sy 177 ; of evsnntet acl caesnwreaenesivnnnmbuase 2 . a will pare bee shieen be aavcinrntcn muro ye orth eek ptnansten tiametesien seed taliven antineenste pnpwnenntna thibnbtalneabyeisigit ill pemaebed b aaletntdesabontnntinneetulinndteattithensetretdnntienl ad ated ietenntenenemnnen . ' goodebye ; Sam . good-bye , boy . - if any of you get sick o> hurt , lot I know , 80 + continued -( 2 ) they star off to catch up with the other , '' : Big Son good-bye , miss scarlett , scarlet ( stop a minute , call aftor then ) = ~ '' '' fo bag Sam and other * ood - oye '' miss scarloty . . * scarlet pgoodebyee wet aed , ..t nian '' she watch as the black march on , shell burst in the = air again . scarlett stand a moment . she be stunne by 2 the news from home and by the panto around she . then. she , tung distractedly down the street . lo. oo rhedt in sis carriage oo he be riding with the rout cut of Atlanta . Ze pass scarlett and see she . ee rein in hia hozse violently '' amd stast sume they around . with difficulty he turn out of the dishevel exodus parade . svarss - back and overtake scarlett . he call to ner from the . carriage : . : x oe rhett '' scarlett ! scarlett : to a ( scarlet see he . run to he with inarticulate exies of relief . : . climb into this ouggy ! this be no day for walk . youtll get run over ! . . : ( wishout any ceremony and with only he leave be because he right 1s hold the restive horse , he drag she up onto the seat beside stn ) '' @ wo sect - in . carriage > oe - scarlet ( barely able to stamz > ) oh , rhett , rhett , I have get to get out of here . crive I to aunt pitty 's , please ! - . a rhett panic 's a gretty -sigh , be not 13 ? a shell explede over a nearby street and a muffle rear - go up from the refugee flee , scarlett be shaxan > ous of ner weariness . rhett look in she directicn of '' the expicsion anc grin . os " | rhett waoal naoal thatts just another of General shermant calling ' continged : eat continued ( 2 ) rhet ( cont would ) : card . hzetll be pay we a visit soon , scarlett ( with renew frigz ive get to get out of here - I have got.to '' yankee come ! % ous before tha nbe os and leave you worl at the hospt tal ? or have you have enoush of death and lice and man chop up ? ( scarlett glaze at he ) . we well , = suppose you be not mean for sick man , scarlett . scarlett no do not talx to I like shat , rhett ! I be so scared !... I wish itd get out of here ! I : rhett '' : '' lett get out of here together , wo use stay here and let - -- ting the South come dcwn around you ear , there be too many nice place to go and visit ... maxico...london. , .. parisee . ‘( che speak slowly and make each place sound 3 tke - '' aa 6 most glamorous haven ) scarlet with you ? _ ae fog rhett ' yes , mateam , with a man wi for just what you be <= : . ( not even det gning to look nat kez ) B z= figure we belong together = be the same sort the ( quietly but geliterately ) mo I have be waste | for you to grow up , and _ue the sad - ~ eye Ashley wilxes out of you heart . wet , ionear mos , wilxes be go to have a baby in another month o> so , ( with mock sympathy ) itts go to the hard + loving 's man with '' wite and a bady cling so nin . it . scarlett steal a angry look at hin . we hansen neds annette rise a ann esis ah eaare nied umeaeninane tnenebeerahtet not nendeiiedeceia Lane eademnaetntntemn sete , 180 ., STREET - ( from there a ngle ) '' " a rush of traffic pass they , carriage load with , * + grunk and negroe whipping the horse , ee tae ' 252 two sect + reett atd scarlett in carriage . he rein in the herse , ' they be near the front of aunt pistypav 's house , scarlet be in a rage , unable to and - wa > or even leok at bim , : : re thete ' waeoas well , ner will be , be you go with I - o> be you ong inve : > cse spp sl fs peb plrer id hon neerier pare sue codyposessae sle rcp spo dmn nps taeleoreap neenah 1 ate nce mie nin db degcearmanctrnnaaaebatn scar deeend chiteaen leth ated gent at shal tebantnwatiatel dietinatted tt teinelanpliteinhinmtinh cae be -162 continue ( 2 ) get out ? wb rate and '' : spise you un rhett ( cont would ) scarlett ( turn to he , speak viclousl7 } espise you , rkett sutler ! age I 'l. nate and de - till I dia } she turn and leap frcm the carriage . her skirt catch en the S ext , fr prissy back . + , cately come '' wiss scarlet macon ! and = I can not bear tfaint every '' 7 " spe ' sun ‘off in a hurt 4 laugh , '' as scar ies uncle Peter be tote a trun down the house step . wheel , rhett lean over to release it , . rhett ( look at she -_ smile ) nts , scarlet . not that ' Long . rhett look after she a moment , and drive orf , ont of aunt pittypatis eouse Zett run in . a carriage stan as at the curb . '' be beside he , help balance the trunk on he . aunt pittypat be also help balance it by deli - hold one of its corner . prissy spiss scarlett toward they , she rush dowm she step . prissy ( excitedly ) . S ++ miss scarlett ! folksis be all goin’ to olkse 4 '' runnin ! away and runnin ' away ! aunt pittypat ( come down step quiciiz ) 4t ! that cannon ball right in my ear ! I ' time I hea > on , explosion . aunt pittynat close she eya ' and rock - open they and icok at uncle Peter . : unele . Peter but , aunt patty , you azen 's leave ? aunt pittypat - look ous for shat trunk } scarlett ( incredulousiz ) aunt pt scypat '' I mar may be a ccward , but - out ~ oh dea > , yankee in georgial how do shay ever get in ? scarlet ( with grin and sudden determination } 0 , itm going , 500 . ( 3 '' prtgsy , go peck my shing ! get they , quick ! ~ ( she start to run for the house ) yasaum , we 's dart off ) oxsam ) prissy @ goin ! - xn ceyearcz : a3 is2 ' conzxwe > ( 25 scariet : wait , aunt pissy , T will not take a minute , ' " " '' 3s aunt 's plttypat ( call to scarlet oh , scarlett , dc you really think you ought to ? wen Dr. maade appear in the scene , . presumably come from " 25 443 house across the street . Dr. meade ( call ) scarlett ] . what 1s this ? : * ( come up to ker ) : you | aiat Planning on run avay 5 3 he htewnentertnenbmntintite tenet t bine scarlett ( turn on hin wildly , with mount - . of . ing hysteria ) ~ . . ' '' sand do not you dare try to stop I , I be neve > go back to ro , _ ./> that respital ! I have have enough of smelli . 2b geath - and rot = a and death ! I be go home - I want my mother ! uy mother - on need . mee wl : uosad , : or. meade ( sharpiy ) * '. youve get to. listen to I . you ust stay here ! '' taunt pistypat . watkout | a chaperone , Dr. meade ? be simply ! isn 's do , '' - '' d> , meade - , good heavens , woman , this ts a war + not a garéen 3 '' aunt pittypat | ( she exit scene ) ... Te wee bee on : lye '' tt yours " Dr , maade ( turndg 's back to scarlett ) | scarlett , you have get to saye . melenie '' neec you , ] a. ( searle % ( wearily , ' rar nyste > oe subside ) : i ch , bother Melanie , : | so eye Dr. meade : shat fll already , she should and $ . even be have a baby - sha , may rave a dirticult time , - : } : scarlet '' Fe so | well , sa n'& we = can not we take she along ? of ! : Dr. meade the we } would you want rez to take that chance ? woule fou want she i %o de jouncec cver rough read and have the baby cheac of . the , ° time - to a dugsy ?. . oe scarlett ( wildly ) it be not my casy ... you take care of hen ! _ '' she sun toward the house , De , meade start after she , 84 tno shot - dr , meade and scari=ett Dr , meade grab scarlet oy the wrist , turn she around . v . 5 Dr. meade : ft scarlett , we mave not enough doctor , much less nurse to look after a sick woman , you have get to stay for melania , . . scarlett . what for ! TI do not kmow anything about babi Las be bear . prissy ( run tnto scene ; jubilantly and : adlott calz ) ah know .. be know . a know how to do it . ah 's do it ' lot and lot .. lat ms , Doctor , let I - a can 40 everyenin ' , eon Dr , meade good , then Zin. valy on 1 78 to zelp u we . oo prissy : yes , . doctor , ce take ( she ° exit ) : dre meade ( surn back to ' scarlett t , " speak to . vat :her more tenderly and peasoniagly ) . Ashley 's fight ' in the field - fight for the Cause . ' he may mever com back be may die , scarlett ... we owe he a well - bear chil < , scarlett 's expression have ce hang sh y at the mention . of Ashley 's mane . ee a a. scariast ( eatiy ) Ashley ... : aunt pittypat 's voice if you be come , scarlett - hurry ! I promise Ashley ... something ... oo meade '' or ' then yout . : : st do not 's answer ) good , . ( turn , call to aunt pitty as he start to walk : out of scene ) : : go along , miss pittypat . scarlett 's stay . scarlett do not move , as Dr. meade hurry out , close s#¢t + aund pittypat Dee aunt pistrpas go on , tncelo pater . oh dear , = is'3 2 28 's 2 the end of the 184 185 wt * ge of | pite ; fo the ee 85 continued ( 2 ) aunt plttypet ( cont would ) — : : ( she start weep as the _bugsy 's the leave ) unele Peter , =7 smell galv ] full seo ? - scarlett '' maken from the end of the path as she stand on the 's : " 7 : _ verandah ( where we have last 1ef she ) watch the carriage leave . | .° 6 she sake a few gted down into the path and stand in desperation and panic , lock arcund helplessly not kmow what to do , suddenly she remember who be re - -. , , , ponsible for all she troublo . shs turn she head slowly o25p and look up at the window of Melanie 's room , hatred come into she . face , : - scarlett ( hiss the word with hatred ) Melanie ! ... Melanie ! . ( she raise she fist in hatred ; mutter slowly .: but speak with increase vi stence , volume and ~ anger as the speech reach its climax ) if ist all you fault ]... I hate youl . .. T rate you anc I kate you baby ! if only I kad n '' promise Ashley ... iz only I have not promise hin ... ' sear hold ker look of hatred a moment , tehere be the souncé of a explosion nearby . scarlet react in terror , and on she distort , terrify face , we : '' pade out . '' the sky rain death» ceo for snisty - five cay a ' batter Atlanta aung geinly ch , hope for a miracle we . uh ue . then there fall a silence ... more verrify than the pound - of she cannon ... . fade out . '' fade iy : extree long shot '- peacetsee soree ? from hi ngl , shoot down desert peachtree stroes ; toward + in the diazence sme dust ic be stiore up by ing horseman - a comfsderatea officer - ww i i ee coneinted : sate t eee wincaiemerinine the a so : ies sc continued ( 2 ) he gallon toward the camera -- and as he reach aunt pittypac 's house in 2.g. , we hear scarlet 's voice scream : : : . . : scarlett 's voice . stop ! . stop ! : . _ soariet vung out of pittypat 's house toward the street . c . 2 187 , medium long shot '. | stn , wer aed eg as scarlett run scream '' be ' the middle of the st treet . :. * scarlett. ( scream ) _ ; c stop ! pleasa ston ! . . ° t . e the horseman draw in he horse , so suddenly ' that the 1 '' horse rear . . . : ee shoe : on : eo : 'e , 188 . = ( close two shot - scarlett and rider ' searlett look up at he fearfully . aseedetsteeh notch nebieteinalictchdatchsenteintanta tet hncgneemnbertetatebatinned sennen skane . to rnc arlett be it true ? be the yankee come ? : oo I , Captain no é . . : .e I be afraid so , matam . the army 's pull out . : scarlett ( terrify as the import of the news strike she ) . : a '' pull out o2 Atlanta ? : incredulously ) leave we to the yankee ? Captain ( correct nar ) . not leave , mat a = avacuatinz .... we have sot to , before sherman cut che '' medorcugs moac to the South and catch she . lot of we . , mo scarlet ( frantic ) . : ' ch , 4 '' can not the true ! be cantt ce true ! what 'li I do ? Captain better refuge soush -- right cuick , malamee . ( be touch he kepi«and spur he horse ) if you will excuse I , mar 'am . . oo 's mente notd mahi drake anbrtnteetinndninenebbyala be hanmainen staal sateen he be ofs . scarlet stand terrify for fust e moment and then turn and run frantically into che house , slett ( scream ) camera pan wite eer as sha go . ' lyseentacrneam a repent terme ico nee ean ine mce ne otn ea oer emac im en es a . a7 lax = sho cting over scarlett be shoulder , and follcving zer in = early 1 | . . 189 '' ent aunt pettypat ! S house - ealiwa 's | morning lo. . . . scarlet burst into the hallway , call franticall . - scarlett prissy ! ' coma herel prissy ! ' brissy amble slowly out of a door into the hall . *:' -° - scarlett > oan . go pack ‘zy , thing and miss Melanie 's , too , welze go to . . ( tara right . away . the yankee be come . soe '' : ( she start run up 's the stair ) prissy start up the stair after scarlett . poor scarlett . you would the at tare now with you mother , wouldnt you , 12 4 % be not for I ? '' 3s gen be , and vy ' e@lenie continue , '' e ae po ' Melanie 's voice oe cor ague ' seari ttle scarlett ! . we the a . ' . . .- : : : a heroes sontag fa winta . ne wd . " second floor hallway = metante 's. ofe in bedroom door a , 7 : oy f.g. , head of stair in 3g . ~ ' as scarlest reach the head of the stair . camera i ' swing with scarlett as she go through the open door | into melanis 's bedroom , talk excitecdly . as she go . { scarlett . onj melly , we be . go to «= - . ( ske stop suddenly and look at . Melanie ) ; heliyt woe ! . 4 7 " " qn melentet face ts a mixture of ecstasy and pain = ker . q brow cover with perspiration . she look nat scarlett . ' sorrowlully a moment , then speak : : q melanis ( speak with di2ftculsy ) ' Zt : sorry to de such a bother , scarlett == ' os , .1. , seaplett 1s dismay as she realize all chance of thei > ! eet '' escape 13 cut or . 's | felania 's voice i ‘we bt begin as dayareak : S i yooM , scarlett ( horrify ) : j ' but '' = but the <= the yankee be coming 20 . eit om , 4 . i 2 + : camera mcve with scarlett as she hove to to melanie. of | . Melanie ( sear in she eye - meve she heac ~ d not away slightly ) | 1 '' ' ' - enr . seccnd plocr eallway well , don 's stand there like a scared goas w= run ; whe 83 conrtated > ( 2 ) : ok os vue ge dy , Melanie ue . , oh , scarlett dayling , you have be so good to I . no sister could have be sweeter . ' : , . a scarlett still do not speak avoid Melanie 's gaze . Melanie . xive be lie here shink . +. rr I should die , will vou - take my baby ? co coy t .. . 's * scarlett ( anney ) be oh , fiddie- dee - dee , melly . be not thing dad sxough wit hous '' you talxing abous aying ? I will send for Dr. meace >ight now . . + melante ( pate ing she hand out weakly ina ges : oe . ture of protest ) not yet , scarlett . I could not let Dr. meade sit here for hour - " while 7 while o- that - poor = wounded = doysee , seariett . look at melande - she eye widen 1 in pante . '' scarlett ( under she breath ) sieniy ! 's ‘( then sun and call frantically ) .. prissyl . . prissy3 ( she start to run for aoor ) prissy ! - sok : eo ad sear lett ( pun poon } melani come here '' quick ! camera pan with she . as . '' she ' gee to she bedroom goor a open it . . : : . we : scarlet prissy - 0 Zastn ? go get ' Dr. 4 yas be ...- . sot a et bap ty ; she slowly realize '' tae baby : os + ) . scarlett run prissy still stand paralyse with frish , scarlaty — $ burry . i'le set. you South , iwill , <r swear I will 1l sell you south3 prissy = sg 192 ° | - ENE , hetauiz 's 2 edrogm - closz two shot - scarlett and 2 noon - due ? ' scarlett stand peside Melanie , hold she hand tightly and fan ner . . oe scarlett where 's that ?rissy ? . . . ( calera pan with she as she walk to the window ) ch , this room 's like a oven already . and 1 % isn 's neon yet . . . ( she look out '' winéow , then turn tack ) ue ch , do not worry , melly . vother say 1t always seem like the eoctor ! 11 never core '' it 2 do not take a strep so that priss7 ! ( she sit wearily in a chair ) : oh , oh , '' melly : . on ( she woing a cloth out in water , keeping up a a yelant ) ‘of conversation to try to distract '' : '' melante you know what I hear about maybelle merriwether ? you semem - ber that fumy look beau of hers ? lohse : ° ( cross ing to Melanie with the wet cloth se fhe one with a uniform like lady ' red flannel underdrawer ? . Melanie : chern fos '' nou don 's rava to keap on talk for ny sake , scarlett . z iciow hay worst you be , . . suddenly scarlet rock ' ap , hearing ' poissyt voice '' prom : outside , Shea go to the windcew and look ous . '' ext , STREET in front of aunt pittypal be house - sct '. noon - ( from scarlett' angle ) prissy be omble along the street comin re the d2 - rection cf ths town , swisching she skirt srom ’side to side and ook , ove > she shoulder to of dserve tha '' " eflect . I int , melanie' room .» scarlet , cismay at have see prissy pesvurn alone , . without or. meade , turn from the we isdow , try to : cover up in front of Melanie , : scarlett : . : I , _ or , melly , I - I will just go and fetch you some cocler water , ( pick up the water pivcher and leave she room ) iss tnt , hallway and stair ' . ' Mat . ' prissy ts mount the stair at a letaurely pace . . ye scarlett 's voice 7 i 5 seer - you 'ze as slow as molass in vantary . 999 ° 0 bast ‘( she enter scene ) as : to wo wher sis = gr , meace ? Shee the pt a et contined : : | , '' continged ( 2 ) ct prissy ft ar ain ' nedber seed rin , miss . scariatt . = oe scarlet what ! . ' yee prissy : no be he aint at de hotsepittl 2 a man ; he tore ‘ne that de foctak @ down at de car shed wad the wounded sojer .:- or scarlet welt , wey dt not you go after hin ? " 's brissy miss scarlett , ab wuz sceer ter go down dere ter de car , shed - dey 's Zolksis dyin ' down dere a ! anis. sceer or day folksis -- boo eas . lon '' scarlet slare at poissy in a-rage , noe herself . _ and make a°decision . . : scarlatt ( with fury in she tone ) oh , 's you go sit by miss melly . and do not you be upsetting she or mt whip the hice off youl . i '' she be dowm the stair almost on the word , camera following her . scarlett snatch up she hat and be out 7 the door . ' : Los Le medium close shot - prissy . we ahot sf Le sing as she slowly mount tha stair . — ro , : prissy _ ~- exd , STREET at dimzrszcrrow peachtres and secanun = . camera trucking wite scarlett : * , the atmosdhere of the whole be of terrific neat ' a sweat camera be set up to shoot over a pile of fall timber ~ and other debris of the siege which block the leftehand ; side of the road , scarlet come toward camera , see th : oostruction , climb over it or go around it . ext , peachtree ssreet below decatur th street be line with horse ard mule - lance and man work quesiis but sitentlz : wounded on stretcher anong she sicewal they into the line of ambulance and cart . we see continted : '' se bhe 198 199 po tart cet ann etetien et . bie tannery ween nece to gmemane sitet | l'.7 epease she brow . : 91 it tm t 4 a . continued ( 2 ) ' scarlet come dowm the stzeet . as she near the depot there be a grow sounc of overwhelming pain , a compo - site tone of anguish ; .cry , moan , shriek , and terzi- plec curse . we we . eta , . ' ext , peacetsss STREET - close moving sect - camera seoot= _ eava ing toward scarlett as see walk - trucking asead of her o. , we see she puzzlement at the ever increase noise , her &@ ustep baceme slower and slower and a worried frown ext , end of peachtree STREET camera shocting toward rear of two ambulance park al~ most wheel to wheel . through this gap come scarlett into close f.g. , and stop aghast . the noise we have hear have reach its height . we follow she into : flos : . : ' yon ! plaza and depot - big pull - back seot - ( 300m ) tel : help in which the camera , drawing farther and farther back waa ! De , close to the depot - completely cover with the body of wounded confederate lie under the hot sun . he camera stop on the confederate flag , nang limply from tha top of the flag sole . only a handful of male _ orderly and woman attendant move amongst the wounded , . gome of whom lie stiff and still - other writhe uncer the hot sun , moan and cry out . everywhere swarm of fliss and thin puff of dust blow ove > the man , trucking shot - | aera pulling back before scaristd Fighting ner own desire to flee , to get away from . tht appall scene , she force herself to start through the row , o2 wounded to leok for Dr. meade , the =en be of . all age - some be boy not more than 15 o> 16 year . old . other , old men.in sheir 60' and 70' , fly ' ereep consentedly and undisturbed over blccdstain : face , everywhere the man be cry sor waver in a _ steady , low moan of voice . id eat ogy . wound hen ( as scarlett pass ) Lady - water ... : . please , Lady , water !.. , . watersee : . pleasoess 0 et so we scarlett change she course a little to zeach a orde>ly , who 43 dinding a sourniquet , about a soldier 's arm . . scarlest waere 's sr. meade ? |. - ie ote , liye contried : and upvard reveal the vast expanse of the zailway yard moo | ae = 204 | | . help ! $2 continued ( 2 ) we continue trucking aeead of her as she move through the wounded toward the raiway a shed , took az a>ound for . some sign of Dr , meade . ae : camera move to long shot of scarlet in square . scarlett bh a be _ Zave you see or . meade ? . 's ~ stretcher ~ searer =. . one side , lacy , please , - the wounded on the ground ' clutch & : skirt . : ad lib voice : - waere 's the doctor ?... I se ' Water ! Water !... . yo ~ betch I some water ... ~ - . ater ] Water !... , piece ... : : wo not somebody fetch I 's a ' abink ? , help ! can not you do something , . scarlett ( as she sove theough the square ) Dr , meads ! Zave you sean Dr. meade ? sos ) the camera stop on a sorn contederate flag fiyzing above the vast 2ieald of . wounded . L int , railway shed '' bere , too , be wounded . Bright bar of sunitght cone , spom ea row of skylight overhead , scarlet adpear ts step chru wounded , group sect - dr . meade and wounded may coat off , sleeve roll to the elsow , nis face dzippin : with perspiration , the doctor be work over the man 's : leg. : i scarlett ( move toward nin ) of P. meade ! 's as last ! Dr. meade : oh , thank heaven , you be here . I need every pais of hand , .. she stare at hin bewllder , srosins he > skint . '' 4 Zall over ths face of a wounded man who feetly try to turn he head to ascape they smother : ring fold . they meado . wake upl : watve get work to dc . or . r41 aloe well '' come scarlot vin ! she beby . . you have get to come with I . sut meliyt condtinte : 205 " Mo . he cantt come . ob , miss scaris so manage wi _ oh , lawsy , miss scarlet 93 continue ( 2 ) . Dr. meade '' 3 . - wk ate you crasy 2 I can not leave this 's man for a taby ! they be die - hundzed of they . get some woman to help you , . . ro u - scarlett : but the e@ be not anybody , and + oh , Dr. meade , she might die . I dry meade - a . uo : pie ? look at they , bli siding to death ine front of my eye ! no chloroform = " no bandage - nothing ! nothing $ 0 even ease they pain . ow ! mun along and do not sother I . . . ‘( pat she on the shoulder ) . ch , do not worry , child . there 's nothing to bring a daby ... ( he tar away , scarlet immediately forget ; . to orderly ) . now bring the stretcher in here -- ( to someone else ) yeah , itm come . lo '' + de. meade exit . " scarte ett stand a moment , bewilder , : '' not kmow who else to turn to ; then she face set with determination , and she exit back the way she come , . hoe with dissolve 20 : | : '' be , aunt pidtvpat' hallway and stair o23 prissy come down the stair to meet scarlett ... ' ) pedasy +> : be de doctan cone ? scarlet . issy ( terrify ) i miss melly cad off ! . * scarlett of se soe bae os he can be come , there 's nobody to come , prissy , foutve get *~ mout the doctor , I will help you . . . prissy 's mouth fall open . prissy scarlat ( snap ) . well , what be 45 ? siete th fie so prissy , ( pack away ) - , . . lawsy , will 'se get tem have a doctah ! ak doen know nuthin ! . mout " birthen ? baby ! : : all the breath go ous of scazlett 's lun gs ima gasp of horror , prissy make a lunge past she , bus scarlett grab he >. : contiiced : owner '' oo 2c6 94 scarlett ( wae th browse no rage ) what do you mean ? tt scarlett . . you tell I ( you know eversthing ' about , '' sf uf prissy : ah don ! imow huccome ah tell sech a lial maw be not never fet I roun ! when folksis waz havin ! sete : scarlet lose she temper compl . ately and slap : the black face with all the force of she . tired arm , prissy scream , scarl ett stop , look up the stair , ' start to drag '' prissy across landing . : oh , iss ' seartetsl ( exy ) | '' scarlett ( with tremendous power = coldly clip ping out quick order like a generat ) . stop 1t1 ° go light a fire in the stove and xeep boil water itn the kettle . '' get meat ball of twine - and all the clean towel you can sind and - the scissors . do not come tell I you can 's find then . : ( scarlet push pr : ziss7 z ) : } go ges shem anc get . then qui . ek} ao prissy new be really frighten , start yon down stair . . behe oe prissy . . yast , . i Melanie 's voice ! . scaristt ! scarlet *' seaetatt citth sous teas , with ' @eterstnation ; . almost with nobility - the great thing in he > character show then - selve at last ) come , mally , come , on the snot of scarlet ' gotag determinedly up the stair , dissolve to : cee nz. mslant 's bedroch - mslanig in 3ed + shadow effect ; scarlett cone '' into '' ' seen to ber melante : ery oh , scarlet , youta better so before the yankee set here . - 's . . leave yeu , avn 23022 : outa ; $ 8 206 " continued ( 2 ) ° . Melanie . be it 's no use . tim go to die . scarlet firmly and '' quthorttativety ) Don 's have a@ goose , hold on to I ! eold on to xe ! throughout scene scarlet 's voice and attitude be that of . such confidence and assurance as to try to atsatsa Melanie 's fearse 207 . '' olosz sot + selant - shadow effect . : . Melanie ee , stee et ae bl tome , scarlett ! please ! talk to I ] '' Zeep on taliing 2 ome , . m be 20g . " another seadow effect mslaniz and scarlet ? i _ by 3.g. ) . : : . '' scart att : v : Don 's try to be brave , selly , yell all you want to , there 's : nobody to heaz , . Tan lea ett oe to " 209 ° : +... big head clos= up - prissy . - prissy . . mast ' say arfen you put 4 , imize uncer . de bed it cut de pain in tyro . . wee dissolve 20 : co ext , red horse sa loon - * decagur STREET + niget prissy be peer in through the awingtsis , door ) calle : ing : loe i ot pet gy ee toe / capt and sutler ! capt and butler ! : tae 's Les , ol . . bartender ( turn and seer over aving door ~ at she ) mo bos we ¢o you want ? . my prissy ( quaking ) | oo , 4 captin ruble , . '' ' bartender 's eel upstairs , selle watle 's give a party . : ' ( he turn away ) : cutinted : . . $ 6 prissy , nervous , not know what to do , make up she mind , retreat a few step , look up at the lighze window above the saloon and call : : ' prissy . gene 's butler ! 02 , capt and butler ! .. we ege atl aretag '' the window open , and Belle sti ck out she handsome and _ seudily bedizen head . . : Belle have 3 all the rumpus about ? 2 brissy stand speech jess and awed at the si. ght 's of ! this fsm heroine . she finaliy find ner tongue , prissy . footy ant get 'a message for capt and butler z' watle . be rhett appear in the window deside Belle - three other '' buxom tady ia flamboyant event dress behind hin . be eg prissy : . gapein buslss , you come 6ut aya in de stress ser I ] rhett _ prissy '' miss scarlatt , she do send I fer you ! . ? ee remember . . : poissy " ske do have she dab , soday ! ( proudly ) a fine : vady voy a ! miss scarlat anf I , ' ; ' rhett ( astound ) bo you mean £ 0 sell I that scarlett -- prissy ( with lower eye and 3 ; toe modastly ) well , be be '' most ly I , capttn butler , only miss scarlett she hrelze I a listle , a ! ah don ! expect no doctak could nave do no better ! sey miss melly , she faelial hind o! polrliz now 28' all over ing on she '' rhett 7s yas , I can delteve thatj i 8 the the gizl in the window laugh , : prissy : i . a an! de lanl ce23 3. comin ! ant miss scarlet , she . there be th " erash of a explosi on fren outsi ce the efter '' ooxtry vat { 97 ae ) " continued ( 3 ) { , prissy ( tremble with fyrigh ) oh , capt and sutlier , de yankee be ayah} +ee please come a ! oring a to . ss yo ! cahtzige 20 ! we right away ! . rhett . ' : itm sorry , prissy - but the army take my horse and carriage , ' : -. you 'better come upstairs and tili.see what I can do , , : . : + + noss ae . ) 6 prdssy ° oh , no , capt and butler ! mah x to 1 wear not out wid a corn stale efien ah be so . go into Mrs. | watlin 's , 4 . be '' rastt ( laugh and turn back tate the 5 sccm ) , " oe any ‘of you beauty know where iocan alah a rorse - fora : : oe good cause ? : : a dissolve ' sé : - . — _ — = — _ - . . 2 } @ D on , exp . aunt prervzaris '' 2 ° yzoem 's . + angle shoot down street toward town , before we gee ° anything we hear the glop-clop=clop of the horse . then. out of the darkness appear a sad look horse and cart , co , . rhett det wang it . prissy sit in the seat with rhett. o. " > @he effect be almost that of a delivery wagon casually by , draw up to a suburban home on a summer 's night . xs ' , . nurhet . 0 ee , . wnoa , marse rovert ! ' horse and wagon '- wider angle - sezoot toward , ' another distant explosion and ' spark shoot high int sky above the house top . in b.g. prissy crawl out of she back o> the cart . : scarlatt 's voice . i rhett ? ' be shat you , rhett ? | -. prissy . tee tee we 'se here , wiss scarlett ! welse herel scarlet run into scene to meet rhet scarlatt 's face be draw , she hair unkempt . 0s V , the scene shroughout ts punctuate by . sound of explode ueeeisude in sharp songz ast to rhett 'ts easy and . casual ssvisuce . . ae ? . cose scarlat oh , rhett , I meew you 's come ! ward the house , pot ss run on in aston est , ricemuncatndsrapudentuantaheevteaseiatiohmavmsnmannaiaie vinaanceser ovesebe she sushes prissy + ' side . - contintss : + ( eewerm owe rmmcion . as you service , madam . '' just where be you : 2 tgure on go - 98 continved ( 2 ) , Son good evening , Nice weather we be have . prissy tell I you be plan on take a trin . . ohh scarlet boa if you make any joke now , Zan mill yout , mote . rhett. ( xm ockingly ) . do not tell I '' youtre spighten ! : a . scarlett : - I be scared to death , . if you have the : sense ‘of ! a : be scared , tao . goat , you would ; rhett meanwhile have tie the horse to the hitching post in front of the house . there be a terrifia explosion : and scarlet turn in terror . will ' scarlett ( errirtea ) ~ the yankee ! poe 0° , rhett ( 1. sughing ) ae 4 no , not yet ! that 's what 's lest of we aznz ammunition so the yankee will not _ Bet bie whet scarlett ( ter fied ) oh , with walve get to get out of she be she grab rhett by the arm and almost pull he to toe bouse . | rhett tet - be se as searlett home. =< to tara ! - * they stop 4a doorway . rhett tara ? do not you know thas they have deen fight all day around tara ? do you think you can nar ade right shroush the yankee ary wash a sick woman , a vaby , and 's simsle mince garky ? | ( satirtcally , tha new suspiet on ) or do you intend teaviae . then behind ? ' scarlet they '>se go . with I , and I be go home ! and you cant 's stop mee : : mon '' bhatt you assis fsol - don 's you mow ist dangerous jouncin , g mra . wilk '' over mile of oran country ? contintes : srep oe cee not creme ee em se not tene ri | { | i i i i i i t t . taza 's probably be burn to th 26 ground . the wood ar aito ete continue ( 3 ) '' ' scarlet :: iowan 87 mother ! . i.want to 2 9 nome mate dull of straggisr from both army . the least they will do be take the horse away from you . and even though it sant mich of a animal , I do nave a lot of trouble steal 1 % . : scarlett ( hysterically ) I be go home if I have to walk every , step of the way : iti. k41l you 42 zou or to stop mee iwill ! will I willd z will have stat : a od} ske purst dato hysterical tear and start beat rhett 's chest with she fist , rhett for the first tine i ] reveal sis true feeling . soothingly and comfortingly he put kis arm around scarlett . shi sh ! sni be vetehte all right , now you shall go home . I guess anybody who do what you have do today can take care of sherman , stop cry -- - ( as she quiet , he take out nts handvenchief ) '' now plow you > nose like a " gooe ttle girl . he help she blow she nose , they go out of scene into the house , int , live rcom - aunt pittypat' house : scarlet 's open trunk stand in the middle of the foon} and priasy , dash about in a frenzy of fsa > and ine - '' titud , £ 3 carry some piece of china across the room %o the srunk . forgetting 4 % be china , she cup it into - , the trunk and it crash , . bo scarlett 's voice ( call 3 ) " a mese prissy ! prissy ! what be you do ? og prissy coo Z'se packin ' , miss scarlet , . scarlet 's voice . - amd come get the baby , prissy what she have at hex hane '' ente she unk and wo trunk lid , then pick up shawl , and run toe wasd calera . int , welanie !'s beoroch - melante above tne bed 1s 2 photograph of PST rgis aten ele 1 | 1 | | 7 5 ; | in . : : 100 I cs 214 contiiued ( 2 * '' on | . | gharle Zemtiton 's sword on the wall beside 15 , melante os ure , tie quietly , ner face deathly white , she eve sink and : : black circle but serene . , , one arm abous she oundle to - ee for Zant besides she , rhett and scarlet enter , follow after a appreciable moment by prissy . .- : scarl ; att melly - melly -- wag | | '' rhett . : mos , . wilxes , we 'se . saking you to tara . of to mor . oe . ro oo , . 's Melanie ( faint-voice , try to smile weakly ) ce . tara '' moo -- 5 po pe mo . scarlet ( enter to , the bed ) : oe tl ) the onay 's way , melly . : Melanie no '' no - scarlat I sherman will turn the house over we head 42 we stay . tit all right , melly . tel all fight , . scarlet pick up she baby , 3 melantat eye | foley tag she nervously . close up - baby = - a scarlett' aba ) the 2 ) : melanis 's voice ( wanly ) : my baby ! my poor sany ! st : ' . 226 + scariete |. | lo . | i '' at . ' tee at , ' | - 4 as she lock at aghiey 's baby in she arn , she close | I } , she eye as lf to choke off she thought . '' | ' . . be : . . 1 | | : oe . . | i i 27 | back to scene '' . t3 | , : : j ' rhett ( so melantey 0 0 ° 0 lscerr tecuda : i : eave you the strength to put you arm around = my ' neck ? : welania ' i put she arm about . he neck but shey fall '' t linply ) z 4 . ; not rhet bend over and pick she up , mattress and all . } Melanie max a seebdie geseus soward shs wall . j , ontinge : : ons atv 3 | e . . - = 202 continued ( 3 ) 3 ' Melanie oh ... 0h ... ashisy .- Charles 's .=: rhett look at she as though she . be delimious , not knowe= yon , ing what she mean , out scarlet interpret impatiently : raett . : maat . as : 2t7 , wea % do she : want ? 's vie ante gee wt «ee soartett . ashler 's photure . - | Charles !. : sword : = she : want we to : bring theme 03 . . : rhet get then , be cand he go out of scene toward the door , prissy follow , am carry the baby , - scarlett . remove Ashley 's picture and - Charles ! sword , from the wall above ths bed . she pick up the lamp and follow ' the other . wae swe downstair ealdvay '' - the little procession come down the st say with scarlet rolding the *eap in | the lead . ext , front of miss pidtepat 's house - medium seot . - niget | beh scarlett come out the door , stop short gaze oft down ' peachtree Street . behind she be rhett with melente in he arm . presst carry the baby , 43 at dig heel , - : scamiett '' ( alarmed ) what - uhat ! 's sha ? ' tell , full sect - peacetre STREET and tse CITY in the distance 's , ° from teeir point of vinw - holding scarle 's 'o ( mblaniz in sis arm ) in 7.g. - ( cosgrove the glow cs fire above the tree of the distant town be - see for the first tine , : - rhett we , we gallant leds must have set '' etre to . the warehouse near the depot . there 's enough ammunition in she boxcar down there to blow we to tara . passa p Al group sec7 - on cee veranda of itss pidtypat be : house , scarlet 's 2 ace ts white , arstious , continued : co devemmee ntevencentiment perot sttepataendintlna liteedeneddetendtte heen bereedndl mebesieitente-pabetsihutecseetiesiesndh - 102 - continged ( 2 ) rhett pe uo , we will have to hurry if we be go to get across she track . wenhe goang so se ) '' . a scarlett ( with panic ) you be not go that way ! - : le ) bete poser sett ol . pipe ' we have to . the mcdonough Road 's the only one the yankee haven 's cut yet . . can af . . he go down the step out of scene . hold camera to see she other follow , ~ . : nee _ shoot across rear of wagon toward miss pittypatis : -- ' house - '' medium shot - : - rhett 13s already install Melanie and the mattress in the back of the wagon . prissy enter with the baby , ' follow by scarlett . rhett quickly take the baby from prissy , place it beside Melanie , he boost prissy up and fit the tailboard - into place . _ pacing camera - increased FIRE effect in xv - _ ( cosgrove split screen ) . '' rhett and scarlett approach the head of the wagon . she nos still carry the lamp . rhett take it from she , ts it down on the mount block , and list har in ris arm , deposit she on the wagon seat , Za climb up beside ner and pick up she rein , scarlet = forget to lock the front door , fore , rhett laugh } . : . well , what '>e you laugh at ? . , : . joos rhett . : at you , lock the yankee out . ee whacks the rein on the horse 's back , surn the wagon around and start off down the street , the wagon dis - appear into she deep shadow of the overhange tree . in the foreground the ofl lamp , still durning , shed aus little cimcle of yellow light on she street . — — not ze '' peacetre strest - as . . ang behind it as it bump over the mat , the horse and '' the wagon and she people in i+ be only dim figure in she semi-cazkness under the tree , the only move obe fect to de wdiscern on the street . there be a number . toward camera come the horse at a lope , the wagon swar - ccntinced : '' " peacetre STREET - long shot - horse and wagon in p.g. , ' — { { 103 Le 224 continued ( 2 ) ° iy ' : : . of distant detonation as th wagon pass calgi which | pan with £ 6 , revealing once again at she fam end of the _ street the lize glow and smoke rise aoeve the distant rooftop . . ns . . . . . . ges '' qree shadcwed portion of peachdre STREET - church TI . . - fg , = long shot 2o0 ' show ske wagon come out of the darimess of th ' v ' ghelter tree into the relatively open space '' 2 fyron ' of the church . the wagon make & jalf - turn nead into the business section of peachtree Street , the vaby wall , e2rissy cry out as she be bruise against the sot _ '' > gide of the wagon from the front seat scarlett reach . . , back $ of impose silence on prissy by pinching . the de - tonation . continue . . _ gee > .. ;. business section of feacetre STREET - long sz0t +. 1 . , shoot away from FIRE across intersecting STREET '' moward approaching wagon in 5.c. : —. as tke wagon approach the duterassction , 16 48 . force > to halt oy a detachment of weary , siipshke , confederate , troops who appear in f.8 - , crossing paachtree Street and head down the tntersect shorcugntare . a officer _ count : " cne - two - Three - four '' in a pathetic effort _to count the step and keep up the morale of nis man . j lmyq sho ? - ( transparency ) -, reedd and scariet '' on wagox . impatiently , they water the troops passe . : scarlett oo csl fan oh , deard i wish they '¢ nuorye oa , rhett ( smile grimly ) . I would n'+ be in such a aurry_ to see then go 12 I be you , . my dear , wish they go she last semblance of law and order , wls %. 228 baxery shop window one pane of glass have already deen brsken , outside the windoy , a decatus Street sough fling a huge missile , smash the vest of the window go thas 4 % seem to ! splinter directly past the camgra . 24 229 . oho sect - rhett and scarlett not ! a rhett i t he scavenger azen 's waste any time , we would detver get ous : of nere 2 aate t % ( zeint off straight enead ) 4 leek mo fe _ of T ? —? ano ) 8 0 t_t sp . ; . ite . 230 peachetdre STREET 2 ° at plive point - silequstt sect of ' . { ) . _ looters against background of FIRE = niged ' oe ce 4 £*° mht shot should be design to give a Dante 's inferno oy 1 - effect , with riotous figure of man amc woman silhouet - ted against the flame , some of then be drunk , other ' jaden with loot . more end more figure join the other . here be sound of break glass , splintering wood , , be 9 , woman 's ezie , the yell of man . '' 232 . |. medium close seot - rhett and scariztt - ( process 3.g , ) i rhett swing the whip , wagon start to move . les ~ dy : 232 - le. gamera be shoot up peacetre STREET away from FIRE - - _ long seot - eorse and wagqn . . ly be . a . : to seal 1 . " 1:5 in fege , ls the intersection of marietta Street , the - . : : : '' + " wagon be come soward caygra . , four tough appear , from : en oe '. | dehind camera . one of they see the horse , point . |! , code . . * first tough : toy - where 's a horse : | eae . : second touga 's c | - git bin , eo C 2 : they start forward . be . . 1 235 . " etce angle - follow sect of wagon - ( camera trucking ) - +e seooting across scarlett' and resti' bace the-fire at the end of the street be no longer in view 4 -- ' * qecause this fs a high , sharply angle shot . tne tough ' i '' mun into scene obviously interd to stop the wagon . 's j pirst tough ( yell ) : i 4 give we that horse} : i I . - 1 ! . . . '' 4 , to : | 2s _ close up - scarlett - terrified ae a wo nett ys i be 235 close shot - tough hanging onto eorss 1 } 1 rhett jucp on horse 's back , pull he asm tack , roe ) jf 236 0 . close shot - rhett oe , st ' on horse 's back , tough 's head to f.g , , rhett bring 5.3 or oo fist down and knock tough out of scen3 , start yack wagen seate creetaitine crane renna ner btaatee 237 " yong sect + group of touge - ( running 70 f.ge ) 165 : '' none shot - STREET - stitching os7 , in f.c. low set up ) . irhet !s wagon suras at intersection , ride out of scene . + 259 . - close up - group of | | - & - tough . - ; ' down the alley . cut fem | 240 long sect - entrance to all=y ' wagon appear ) ride down ' alley , camera pulz back , '' . tougas run in , stop wagon . horse ( pear ... 241 7 . " yeprm close shot - rhett and scanzare ' - ( process 3 ge yo ; rhett pull rein , reach ous of scene to hit + get back on seat . ts at another tough who junse into not seene , knock he out . he whip the horse and the wagon " start out , ' in 3.6 , | 2s mouce ) ' want po , ° '' : : Z , horse . : . . : get out of that wagon !... arn a mo i igs coe come on , get out of therel ... " | : . i , oyoe oo get out of that wagonl . +. : | ~ . noe = : | : i st fight they off ; scast st and prissy 3 team . . |: . - * gough '' | , | a '' gave we that horset | ' rhet '' unock the last tough off the wagon , waip th | horse anc the wagon drive off , the horse and wagon go . I : 1 4 out of scene past camera , | es : . wee fa ! | i . . | i ' | 265 '' rear view of wagox - shootin sow alley tcward flame _ 4 1 . i i : | the wagon bounce ebout from side to side ganserously , il as s$ i% rock down alley away from camera . a dur sing : building be at the far end of the alley . cse sect - melan = + lying face up on the ! maturess , one 2 . arm about $ h : - duncle baby , . y ave be roughly soss about . orving Melanie 13 ui eine ner lip to keep from corve out . rorse and wagon ot a brige ? glare of plug he horse abruptly ston without ' be pull in and rear back , scarlett cry out . two seot - ( transparency ) - reett and scarlet 6 she be cling to hin desveratel7 . even not look . alarmed , s3enind shem prissy 's frighten face appear from she back of she wagon , she scream .- . . 247 . ( sss burning suilding and boxcar - from there ancis a only a faw foot beyond the boxca > 1s a flame building , n.. spark , ember , and bit of burn wood ar shower the boxca > , carry over this SOUND of prissy 's scream . ' , . prisay scream , soarlett 4s terrify , prissy oh , wiss scarlet miss scarlet ! . . scarlet ° eush up ! eush up prissy 227 soe Z . ' . oh , miss scarle on ! . at they have not Left much fom the yankee to take , save they ? scarlett . rhett , how be we go to get shrousgh ? i i ' rhett : i we tt. have to make a dash for 15 defore the fire reach thas ammunicion on beariss this line , prissy hurl herself so the floor of 5 . wagon , scream with sarror . v rhett decica what to do - look : around srentically , shen decide on ns course which 1s to the lett , veer + '' she hborse arounc , strike aim with whip , and exit left , +h 249 ... , horse and wagon - 30xcar and surning suizding in view t a half - curn away from the summing buside wat she s0ox ~ - ‘ear and acrosa she open fretsn yard , the santee strickan horse finally start sorwarc , the wagon soe out of view camera lest . : rhett cashes at the animal , pull nim aroun to makea\ . i i i 1 ' . not oe . : tee gt roe 248 ° - close tere shot = scarlett , reett , prissy | } } j | | | i ] j i 107-7 ' loss szot - horse 7 ) . ag lt rear , frighten , after it stop . tho seot | - | scarlett ad reeit oe , . rhett look around , see boxcara with '' ' lame get . . '' mearer the box of explosive , whip horse . wot geta 252 é '' .+ come 252 , , 253 : | come . prissy in back of wagon , scarlett throw the shawl , 255 '' 256 sorry bus youth like £ 5 vette > i2 you don' see anything for y cr cr ty long . shot - wagon ag railroad ' track ' a - medium close shot - reett be '' worsz 's =eap nont come ond throw I you shawl . " ediua close shot - scarlet ? '' '' medium close szot .- rhett at zo 2se' patel , Burning building to bege rhett get out of wagon , . go se horse 's head , start to pull hozse !s dridle . rhett cer * ( put at horse ) he reach out of scene . tt he catch the shawl , tie 4s apound tke horse 's head | rhett se a t long i ~ wagon as rrs @rack '' ( burning building : '' . ' anish tie shawl over the herse 's head , ] = explosive iy bcxcar | the fire 4s nearez . es , toe 258 . long . seot - wagon at track , the fire ts in the background . loe '' rhett . ' : come on , come onl co ae ry . ' . . '' ee pull the horse , turn the horse , and then lead hin / away from camera , 2 , 1 c nat 259 . ) , long shot - explosive in,30xcar the Zire be neare >. _ 260 {long shot ' slowly , pull the reluctant horse , rhett head away ' = from camera toward the spot still clear of flame . a . - moment after they have - disappear through the open , , she flame reach they climax , the boxcar start to blow - ‘up , the large building at the leave end of the screen collapse and the screen become a mass of flame . . dissolve to :- versus . + '' mee L we a be tale . 261 . -. | " exp , road on edge op town = long shot -' horse and cart . 1s ) ( and'troops = eot , dusty night = ee ' the foreground sky be red , trail off into darimess . , : . the horse and wagon be careen down the road away -* - |. fpem the camera , toward the rear of retreate troops . ' + readed to the same direction , : : the soldier in this scene be walk , tiredly , dis - . pirivedly , head down , too weary to hurzy , t00 weary to care , drag they rifle . many be tarefoote , some in dirty dandage , so silént that they might all be ghost , " rhett 43 force to slow un . reverse angle - troops and wagon 2 po 262 | Burning duilding in the not too distant background . i : along. the road pass camera go the disorganise retreate '' w+ ing confederate , they figure highlisht sy she } '' flame , for the most part they be foot soldier , dut " amongss they be mount officer in the last stage of { ! fatigue . 266 4 109 at the side of the road a confederate horseman enter scene , the horse stop of nit own volition . ' the rider , a old man with white hair and in rag uniform , 1s slouched in he saddle as if asleep . slowly , limply , he slide from the saddle to the ground . a couple of foot soldier enter scene to hin . - . two shot = rhett and . scarlett on the wagon - high angle from side of the road - retreating troops in 3.g. - | Te atspirite . shadow of eood !s army continue to shuttl : past silently . - rhett ( softly ) he hs loo q - _ make a good look , my dear . it 's a historic moment . you can tell you grandchild how you watch the Old South dis - appear one night . . rhett and scarlett lool around .' beta oak and cart in b.g . . 4 4 a young soldier , sixteen year ' ola at 's ' the most , dragsing . rd rifle which 1s almost as tall as ke be , and stimblir , - along like a sleepwalker , stop , waver , and fall . without a word , two man fall out of the last rank and walk back to he . one , a tall spare man with a long , black beard , silently hand he own rifle and the boy' to the other . then , stooping , he jerk the doy to he shoulder . he ' start off slowly after the retreate column , he shoulder bow under the weight . '' mwo shot - rhett and scarlett on the seat . cot rhett ( he eye still on the pass soidiez ) , '' they ' be go to lick the yankee in a month , '' the poor , '' galiant fool ++ + '' scarlet ( bitterly ) co , ae they . nake I sick -- all of they . get we all into this with they swagger and boast . : rhett .( with a sad smile , sit still , the : rein in . he hand , a gurt ous mocdy loek on he swarthy face ) '' hatt the way I feel ence -- adout sheir swagger and doasting . : i will , ° scarlett : ' ohy ( rhett , I be so glad you be not with the army : ' turn to give she a contemptuous ' look . ' searistt ( not notice he look ) you can de proud now «= proud that you have be smarter then continued + group shot - retreating , ' confederate bs ( on the road = horse - . 210 '' 2266 scontinued ( 2 ) voce scarlet ( conta ) '' ! ' all of theme oe : po rhett ( mooddiz ) . . aly im not :.30 proudee . , . 1 . . : . + '' +. he bring the whip down '' on ' the’ '' horse 's '' pack and they 's . '' 1 2 % & dpdye - out of scene . 's . < medium long suo ? - rhett and scarlett on the cart _ : burning 3 uilding in 5.g. 267 : the wagon go down | the road , '' the '' ped glow from the fire lighting the scene . '' a . : ' dissolve to : ext . mcdonough road - at a fork in the road - nigst camera shoot diagonally across the road , beyond which be the field and scattered tree of the oren country -- side , in the 0.g. , a faint zed glow in the sky , ' the horse and cart appear and pull up to a stcp . of '' two shot - reett and scarlett on cart mo . : scarlett ... «- we '' ney aad you stop ? a ps ) . - . rhett ( indicat ing ' fork in road ) . . ' this be the turn to tara ... let the horse oreatne . ae dat : ( not turn to back of wagon ) pe Mrs. wilk . --° the 2 ) . poissy : . . '' miss welay go faint way back , Captain butler . *.- i ) '' i . rhett , ' oe i ! - well , she 's probably better of2 , she could not stand the pain | fot , . if she be conscious . scarlett , be you still cetermine to i a i : pooner ent do this crasy thing ? scarlett oh , yes , yes ? . ~ ( eagerly ) . . ' . ' 2 know we can get through , rhett . I be sure we can . -- .7° , , '' mot oo on rhett not we , my cear - you . I be leave you hers . : toe scarlett ( aghas + ) you be what ? | . . ey '' pane ' rhett laugh , hand the rein to she , calmly jump clear of the wagon wheel dewn to the sround . a deh ene etn het 111 continued ( 2 ) , . searlet ( terrify ) . rhett where be you go ? '' close two shot - ' reet ? and ' scarlett . : rhett ( smilingly after a second ) a + tm go , my dear , to join the army . bn a seartett ( relieved ) , oh , " toulze joke ! I could sit you for scare I sol . yt rhet . . . tm very serious , scarlett . io go to join up with we : . '' prave lad in grey . oy bk et tee 2 scarlett ( snereautous ) but ' they be run away ! of / rhett , . : . } oh , no . they will turn and - make a last stand - 4aft know any - thing about they . and when they do , I will be with oa ee . jb . a lithe late but " better late than " -- scarlett ( interrupt , look at he with the horror ) C rhett you must de jokaz ngs ae cee rhett . : 1 . selfish to the enc , be not you ? think only of you own | 27 - prectous hide with never a think for the noble Cause . ( he 24ft she éown ) V . : : scarlett ( wadiing ) . th . oo rhett ! how could you do this to not ? and why should '' you 5 ° . row that = after it 's all | over '' and I need yous why ? why ? coe . rhett : ' way ? '' ( with a trace of contempt for he own satriotism ) j iw maybe it 's because I have alvay nad a weakness for lose | ' cause ... once chey're really lose ... : ! | ( with a litéle laugh - int trosnectively ) 1 or , maybe - maybe I be ashamed of mysel ?. who know ? 1 . : scarlet : * - you should die of shame to leave I here alone and '' hetpiess ! : ' rhett . you , heipless : Heaven help the yankee if they capture to6ss now climb down here , I want to say good - bye , . i . ' '' scarlett . ; nos oo . | . rhet rt Te we | climo dewnt j i . gontinged ! 7 's eat . of 270 continued ( 2 ) co . : of = . : scarlet parte et . oh , rhett ! please , do not gol you can not leave mee please ! 7 : I will never forgive you ! . nore rhet ee ptt . : - Ztm not ask you to forgive I . I will never understand or , I forgive myself . and if 4 bullet get I , so help I , ti ' '' + laugh at mysel ? for be a tdtlote tad . 4 be : . ( draw ' she closer ) cee : : but there : 's one thing I do kmow . and that be that I love you , scarlett . in spite of you and I and the whole silly world go to piece around we -. I love you . because we be alike . bad lot , both of ts ... sel Zish and shrewd , but able to look thing in the eye and call they by they right name . 6 . tes : scarlet ee lae wae 's ae do not hold I like that ! so , oo. wr mo . . ( she head be down , she try to rush hin away ) . . rhett ~- . . _° gearlett , look at I ! I love you more than I have ever love , vo . . any woman . and I have wait longer for you than I have ever wait for any woman . ge be dae Dee eae : > scarlett & oe let I alone ! : s| . rhett 0 0 's . co en , eere 's a soldtar of the South who love you , scarlett - want ' to feel you arm around he - want to carry the memory cf , . you kiss into battle with hin . : : : , my ( he seey she more firmly but find no response in . . she eye ) : - . . . never mind about loving ms . you be a woman send a soldier . -:.. , $ 0 Bas death - with a beautiful memory ... scarlett , kiss =9 po eee kiss I once . 's 1 ° scarlet ( wrench free ) you low - down ; cowardly , nasty thing , youl | : she draw dack she arm and slap he with ali the force : she have let . ee step cack , he hand go to ais face . : scarlet sreak with exhaustion , worry , anc nall - ny - i teria . . scarlet ( sobbing ) : . ! they be right !... Zveryoody be right ! ... yous you aren 's ! . @ gentlemani ... . : '' + 1 . rhett ( nis mood be go ; he speak quietly anc LA '' = with a little sniie ) ee u a minor point - at such a moment .. , / | . {he hand she nis dueling pistol ) . - _ here , if anyone lay a hand on sshis nag , shodt he - but qu '' do and % make a mistake anc shoot the nag , - : : ; i scatlett look at he Zor a second in doubt , then though | shrewd , practical scarlett seize the gun . | contintes : — —- - 270 : : x 271 | 27 ™~ q a q a 1 ( | os , '' go ont Zt want you to gos I ‘hope @ cannon ball jand . slap on youl I hope you be blow into a wilson piece ! Lee we 123 continued ( 3 ) scarlet ( wave the gun ) ( she start to cry ) - rhett ( laugh . he be amused , b halt bitter ) never mind the rest , I follow you general idea . and when I be dead on the altar of my country , I hope you conscience be : carlet stand watch he figure retreate into the darkness . as he figure disappear , the sound of he ts you . . : : . can ( dor he hat ) De oe am good-bye , scarlett . - . 22 ( he turn and disappear into ' the '' aarimess ) footstep be still hear for a moment or two . scarlet . turn , she shoulder droop , back to the wagon , she kmee shaking . she walk a few step farther toward the horse . ' sob , she bury she face against the neck of the . horse , cling to it . she be alone with the wagon and its helpless load on the road . the horse 's head droops a little lower , anc scarlett 's stormy sob gradually die . away into strangle gasp of utter weariness , with a . long shake breath , she lift she head and draw th : - back of she hand across she eye , wiping the tear away lixe a tired child . then , in a characteristic little Way , she lift she chin with determination , but as she Cone '' take hold of the horse 's bit , she whole form be sagging from emotional let-down ; and when she speak , she voice be dull in . contrast with she tempestuous word to rhet @ moment ago . . scarlett ( dully ) on , you . wetre gotag home . «+ a : pull at the the bit , she start head the horse oz . as the old nag stumble abjectliy forwerd , grawing th he wagon with its pitiful load , we hear the baby 's vitin- ~ wail , and : dissolve to : long shot - szz '~ ( cosgrove ) - dawn - raiy a dol of Light . meng flash through the rain in the sky 's ° ext , at bridge and swamp - { oneshtsh rain effect ) - _ close up < scarlett wae rain fall on she terrify face . ie hear the rumble o> horse ! hoof and artillery wheel pass contingzo : 272 " ' gowrmruz ( 2 ) '' ever the wooden bridge . above she . . camera ( on boom ) pull bach until we see that the wagon wteee with prissy , melante , and the baby be in a swamp under _& bridge . scarlett stand at the horse 's bridle , knee deep in the green slime of the swamp . the wagon be tilt at a precarious angle , have be pull down a ee .. slippery embaniment to comparative safety uncer the aan a '' bridge . prissy be cower in the front seat . tin continuous ' movement , camera now tilt upward until it include the lower sertisn of artillery '' wheel pass _ overhead on the wooden bri age . ~ 273 close up - prissy : '' wntmper and neariy overcome with serror . not 274 ° close shot + melaniz and baby . woe bto ee Melanie hold she hend over the baby 's 2 face to protect : it from the rain which fall through the crack in the floor of the bridge . '' er - '' longer angie ( continuation of above boom shot ) os ae Fame last of the artillery | pass over the bridge . ' scare ' not lett wipe she hand over she face in relief and start . _ , _ tug at the horse to start it out of the swamp , a7 : . ; medium close shot - under sridge ~ scarlett . |. shadow effect of pass artillery over nead of scarlett , " prissy come into scene behing she ‘oh , miss scarlett t , I be so scared | = 80 sear , mias scarlett miss scarlet . . | . ( sno erty ) dissolve to ; 277 '' vulture in a zot noon sa 278 | to long shot - battlefield - ( cosgrove ) - zor noon the wagon jolving away from camera over a endless '' pattlerield strewn with dead soldier in blue and gray . prissy still a the seat beside scarlett ; the nag so worm out he can hardly stumble forward , , - '' : o3 : prissy i | =| | / ob i oh for | [ 11 279 close up ~ melanie ' her eye flutter . she speak with a effort : . ... Melanie ohe..0h , my poor baby ! ohvee . : .. ( she put she hand over the baby 's face to shade 4t from the sum ) 260 choose two shot . - scarlett and 's prissy both near exhaustion , a neo 4 scarlet ( turn back to Melanie ) yo , no do not nortt melly . mother wal , take care of bin ' when 's we get home . |. vie : prissy . oo : - miss scarlett , ah 's powerful ' bungry . we 'se get ter have some ~ " _ thin ! ter eat . ~ . 2 to mot scarlett ( shortly ) - : oh , hush up we be nearly , at trelve '' oak : werth : - wet . stop the . '' tte - the horse ) . - go on ! ° . 281 ~ choose up - horse be : bead — foan - cover he mouth as he strain _forwar 282 '' 1 close shot - wagon wheel and horse's feet - ( shoot po down ) . : pass over dead body : * foe ee ae 283 | " long shot - ( continuation of 1st cosgrove ) '' the wagon go away from camera , the endless stretch . ‘'of corpse cover ground anead of they . - dissolve to : '' ~ 284 ext , twelve oak '' +. dusk : 's open on a sign on the break gate post at the front ente™ '' 7 , mance of twelve oak : twelve oak - : . . torn | wilk , owner : anyone gis turbing the seace on this + plantation will be prosecute . . part of the sign have be break off or burn , so that some of the word be unfinish . . ware meen mance ae : se dissolve 70 ; '' : . uis 295 . _ int , rule twelve oaxx no 4 scarlet ' 3 enter in the ruin hall , pook around .: she aghast . . hoe y loa 286 , close up - scarlett . : she be look upward , camera move in . closer to the : sk heartbroken sear in she eye . the wide as ) 287 0 " pan seot of ruins - | ( from scariett! S visvpoint ) ~ '' 1 oa " gamera move up the ruin of the once beautiful stair - case , to reveal the gape hole in the codling , - 7 and the sky . ae co at yd : wis 288 : , close , up - melanie | - in wagon . : poe ° I '' wae difficulty she raise herself to leck over the '' ala . '' dn the direction of the house . her eye fill with hore - i '' por ag she see : L '' 289 , ext. ruined . twelve oak = joen wilk ! grave ( from Melanie 's angle in cart ) it be against a break ... - wall , surround oy a few burn board , and on itis - | the roughest kind of board tombstone on which have be : scratch in charcoal : . jobn wilk , 2864 . '- @ lose up - melanie '' her face disappear as she drop back onto the floor of the wagon , overcome with sadness . : -292 «=| sent , ruined hall - close up - scanzar ? look up staircase , hear sbroken . ey scarlet ( she nead lower ing in sor tow ) oh , Ashley , Ashley ! I be glad you be not here to see this . . ( mutter vehemently ) . z stas . Te i 's fhe yankee ! the dirty yankee ! - | she hear the noo of a cow and look off in the direction -, fpom which 16 come , startle . 292 ss ruined section of ea after hold the scene a moment , - a cow walk out from behind the break wall into the hall , '' '' 4 295 295 - . melly ! melly ! wetre home we be at taral . 117 . close up - scarlett : : scarlett ( scream violently ) '' prissy ! prissy ! come tie up this cow ! close up - prissy - on wagon szat oo . prissy ( whining ) ' jo we don ! need no cow , miss scarlett , we will be home soon , and a 's skeer o! cow ! . ' e close up - scarlett oe DS . os scarlett : Mt tear up you petticoat . and tie she ’on to the back of the - wagonl we need . milk for the baby and - we do not kmow what we will find when we get home . _ to as she say this last line , scarlett 's face take on a expression of dread as she realize she 's give voice to she fear . . , dissolve to : wot oy " tong seo - entrance gate at tara = night scarlet arrive the horse and wagon in through the gate . prissy seat beside she . id the scene sufficient ] , .. ' long $ 0 allow . the entire procession to pass through the ' gate , include the cow tie to the back of the wagon " with strip of prissy 's apron , a owl hoot eerily in the dark tress . the horse come to a stop all by itselt as scarlet lean from side to side on the seat , peer up the. driveway . wet ' close two shot - prissy and scarlett scarlett ( turn back to Melanie ) 's + . Melanie 's voice ( very weak ) oh , scarlet ! thank goocness ! scarlet rise to she foot and lash at the horse . do not move . om i+ + seamlett ( strike at he vehemently . and clucking : : hurry ! move , you brute ! cot al doe the horse 's leg buckle and he go dewn . a shiver pass over he and he muscle relax . : prissy ( serrify ) miss scarlett ; e's day ! o 297 = ss«sontinved ( 2 ) - - . : : scarlet leap down from the wagon pay no attenti on : gx to the horse and , talk as she do , run toward the camera at right angle to the wagon , shrough she gate .o and up the driveway . - her hand to she head , she peer ead as she run . . . a ' scarlett so . : Le ' I can not see the house ! be it there ? I can not see the house ! be . ( with rise terror ) . : have they burn it ? | 4 ( she stop ) ' 298 °° close up ~ scarlert " : : '' v ' as she search the darimess ( ook straight into ' camera ) she face be . gradually and _ slightly 14 , ght vy the moon . se '' 299 " shot op the sax | " . Cloud move and ' dane the moon . | | " 300 | glosz up - scarlett = ( he pace lighted ' by the yoox ) : | moon across which the cloud be still move . : scarlett ( ker voice raise in a wild ery ) it 's all rigk it 's all right ! they have not jurn it ! nst a it 's still there ! dy 302 " Lone shot - tara - ( from scariett' angle ) '' : as the cloud uncover the moon and she house 's plainly . ! . pont peveal in the moonlight . '' s02 ic . ) medium long seot - tara ' scarlet san across the lawn toward the house , screame ing : : scarlett : * mother ! mother} nos ske ruris slightly rest to '' right to chateh the angie of she run in succeed scene , . + sos | sext , tara - front op house - night ae : ' + qut of she darkness , scarlot cone mumn toward the continted : anxiety on she face change to joy a she see the . house . eer face light by the change light of the . 303 ~ 7 , | 304 119 continued ( 2 ) verandah step . she be almost staggering with weariness , and she breath be come in spend , sobbing gasp . she run up that familiar step , she go to the front door and start to open it . it be lock . she knock ; and when there be no answer sound or movement , she knock : again -- more loudly and more loudly in a gather crescendo of hysteria until finally she be hammer frantically on the door with both fist , scream : scarlett I be home . mother , let I in ! it 's I --scarlett ! mother ! the door open slowly , silently , and Gerald be there -- in the dark hallway . scarlett , with both quivering hand upraise where she have be pound at the door , stare for a second at he terribly change face and . then throw herself forward , cling to he . slowly , with a curious effect of daze fumble , he arm go about she . . scarlett ( as camera move closer ) oh --oh , pa ! I be home ... I be home ... Gerald , hold she in he arm , stare at she dazedly , blink heavily once or twice . he begin to tremble - - " as if he have be awaken from a nightmare into a half - sense of reality . the eye that look into hers have ... a fear - stunne look . he be only a little old man and break " Gerald Katie - ~ Katie scarlett -- oh , darlin 's ! int . hallway mammy appear behind Gerald in the hallway . scarlett turn to she and be engulf in she arm . scarlett mammy ! mammy ! I be home ! I / n home ! . . mammy honey -- honey chile -- cling , scarlett rest she head 's wearily on mammy 's boson . scarlett ( with a long sigh ) oh , mammy , I be so -- so -- where 's mother ? ( look up suddenly into mammy 's face ) mammy ( after a instant 's pause , obviously avoid a direct reply ) why ... miss suellen and miss carreen -- dey be sick wid de typhoid . dey have it bad but dey 's doin 's all right now ... jus 's weak lak 1i / 1 kitten continued : . continued ( 2 ) to scarlet ( impatiently ) es bute sbut , . where 's mother ? | q ee ( again nest sate ; avoid scarlatt 's eye ) mammy well , miss ellen ... she go down to nuss that Emmy slattery , that white trash . , .an! she tuk down wid 1 , too . an! las ! night she -- . camera move closer to scarlett' face . drawing back in * ; mammy 's arm , ° scarlett stare at she for a long moment - y blankly at first , then she eye begin to dance with a - . | @aish and ner lid dart , as little by little be mirrore . on she face the dawn of full realization . until ' finally she face be freeze in a mask of horror . with ns that perfectly immobile face , she " swallow and swallow { but a.sudden dryness seem to have stick the side of vher throat together , " and when she’ speak at last it be 3 be a ghastly , harshly , wi what . spering travesty of she voice , _ searrest ( the word ' Long draw - out , almost with . a curious effect of wonder ) 3 motiien ee é '' slowly '' she puis back fron mammy 5 . noreak the cling y hold of she arm . she start run , staggering & '' bitte on she foot , call : | = scarlet : . mother} : ( she turn to look into elten !s office , stall . galling ) - : be '' mommer ! ~ he '' ( she run out '' of the offt ce , turn , and run toward . the parlor , atill call ) . . _ mother ! thee whoa es i until she stop vefore ' the open doorway of the parlor : : from + whi ch candlelient : come . .° mey . oat - close shot - scariet ? S — lighted doorway - 's as she go in , she face a mask . '' int . parlor - " from scarleet' vesyzornt ~- eqlding her x fy on_a table , with candle at she head and foot , Mrs , garera 's body lie , cover with a sheet except for she ace 's '' parlor - reverse angle - urs , oxeara' body in f.g. " scarlet enter slowly , lixe &@ sleepwalker , she eye , fix on the figuze of she mother , 's in this trance - lix continued : ' ' 1 fr ' ' ieee nee se nnhinne oinee teeta teen eee deli paee eat ean ated ' int . hallway at tara - dawn miss scariest , honey <= 7 bl on es : better put that cow I bring into the barn , pork . * continued ( 2 ) state , she move into a close up , stare at she mother 's cere face . scarlett scream , agtrangle , prolong and plorce ing . she throw herselr down on she knee beside the .. , tadle at she mother 's foot , bury she head on the bier , + 7 gob . slow fade out . fade in : aut ( shoot at the close door of the - liviig rocm ) mammy and pork be wearily and anxiously watch the - * glose door . slowly 4 % open and beyond the body of Mrs , o'hara may be see a window , gray with the early morning light , the dish of grease which have serve as '' a candle , have burn out but be still send up a thin | spiral of smoke in the dawn . alr scarlett come out of the parlor . she be beyond grief . . her face , tear -stain and agonizingly tired , show what . she have be through during the entire night . no tear * be leave , she be : drain of emotion . as she march : * slowly int of the hall , the camera retreat in front of oy eer . : '' . do pork and mammy glance at each other , mammy tentatively _ extend a arm as shouga te} _ souch scariest , and then withdraw it . |. lote. . to , menmay ( seek to control the emotion to a she voice ) pork ( same ) 5 : zr ' dey 's anything ah can do , miss scarlett -- scarlett start slowly down the hall . pork pick up a primitive candle like the one over Zlene 's poay , and he and mammy anxiously follow scarl ett '' camera trucking wite . they , : 3 scarlet what do you do with miss weag ? mammy - to . Don 's you worry yo ' pretty haid ' bout miss yell , '' chile . a do slap she in bed atready ' long wid de baby . . scarlett ( nod , then say ) be pork : dere ain ! no barn no mo ' , miss scar lette De yankee dono buh ao of ! fianwood . memmy 's lo dey use de house 's of ! dey haidqua'ters , miss scarlett . continued : Le - continued ( 2 ) ~s pork wae dey campe all aroun ! de place . scarlet yankee ... in taral mammy yassum ~ and dey steal most everything ' dey ' didn de cloe 's and all de rug ... ( heartbroken ) nieve at a ! even miss ellen 's rosary ! '' aan '' scarlett ' 1 itm starve , pork . get I something to eat . oa : be stan soe . mammy : . dere ain ' nothin ! to eat , ' honey . dey ! tok 's it ! alle 2 '' searlett ( incredulous ) all the chicken - everything ? pork dey tuck dem de fust thing . and whut gey aug not eat ' dey cah'y off ' cross dey saddle , scamlett ( wild ) '' ' .. . do not tell I any more 's about what nene hey " '' dial mammy ( suddenly renenbering ) | 8 dert some radish and surnip | in the garden , we deen eatin ! " dem de las ! few day . . '' scarlett suddenly see she father , through the open door to ellen 's study . é. _ int , study Gerald sit , a.broken and distract figure , neither - awake nor asleep , neither alive nor dead . he be a. well . . sight , sit in the helf - derkmess - the davm which be Seth creep | da through the window just lighting he face . as we get close to-him we realize he be shuffle papers , obviously only go through the motion of examine they , scarlett go to he and stroke he head silently suddenly she see something next to he . it be a bottle of locally make corn whiskey and next to it a gourd . scarlet what 's this , pa ? whiskey ? " ( she pour whiskey into gourd and drink ) Gerald ( even he yoice be vague ) yes , daughter , to L. , scarlett take another drink , ~ . : yhtn hae ! continged : i i ! { '' y . Gerald — _ — so : a 123 | . so _ continued ( 2 ) . oes en here , Katie scarlett ! that 's enough , you be not know roy . spirit . you will make yourseif tipsy . - i : to / scarlet ( bitterly ) : I hope 1t make I drunk . I would like to be d>unk , ' , ( she finisn = ner dink , see Gerald 's puzzle , : . kurt face and rise , approach Gerald and pat j vw . mo. > bim on the '' nee ) ele | oh , pa. '' - to + uo ( she sit down and as she do $ 9 , see papers in ais hand ) . : . . : wnat be , shose papers ? a ae lo . Gerald '' obese | \.( look at they as if see they for first time ) werine all we have save - all we have leave :- bond * scarlett ( nopefutiy ) what kind of bond , pa ? . . Gerald ( shuffle they ) . why , '' confederate bond , of course , daughter . $ . scarlett ( sharply ) a confederate bond } what good be shey so be qboey ? . Gerald ( with a flash of he old peremptory . . manner ) a rarr not have : you talkin ! like that , Katie scarlett ! scarlet ( axsnay ) '' . oh , pa , what be we go to do with no money - " nothing to . eate : -'. Gerald ( confuse and '' hurt like a small boy ) we ' must ask you mother . : ( as shough he 's make a discovery ) that 's itj ... we must ask Mrs. o'hara , scarlett. ( startle ) a8 k.. mother ? , a look of horror come over ker face as she realize for - '' " _ the first time shat ner father 's mind ts go . Gerald . '' * look up at she with a gentle smile and pat she hand . Gerald : . Long yes = Mrs. o'hara will know what 's to be do . now do not be '' botherin ' I . go out for a ride . I be busy . scarlett ( in ea hushed voice ; her arm go amound she seat sigure and stancy vehind he where he eamnot see she vee |. tremble dip ) : we oh , pa.s..don 's worry about anything , Katie scarlett 's home , you neean 's worry . : so 310 - . . . . , 728 ' continued ( 3 ) | : she turn she head sharply , dite she ifp , and with supreme effort control she tear . she leave Gerald and walk into the hall . : . ' et . . ote int . eallvay - dawn ( slightiy lighter than seforz ) — . '' scarlet come out of ellen 's office , daze vy this '' fresh shock , mammy enter to she as she close the coor , * mamny ( plaintively ) - . miss scarlett , whut we coin ! to do wid nothin ! sick of 'ks a ! that chile ? to fae dose scarlet ( dully ) . I do not kmow , mammy - I do not know , °° : '' lad ' camera truck after scariett as she walk away . she cone _ tinue down the hall toward the cover passage lead ' .to the yard . mammy waddle after she . mammy . . we be not get nothin ! 's but radish in the garden . - '' as scarlet approach the stair , camera still wide eer , prissy nurry down from the floor above . not . : prissy ( wadling ) xs ethos bo '' _. miss scarlett , miss carreen and miss suellen , dey 's fussin ' to be sponge off . : . . . . so , scarlet ( despairingly ) _ where be shoe other servant , maxmy ? " Mt , . toe '' De other miss scarlett , dere 's only jus ! pork and not lezt , go off to ce war or runnedc away , wordlessiy turn away from the stair toward . scarlet the door lead to the cover porch , caxera stile : following her . prissy 's wail voice follow she : | prissy 's voice a . os ab oain 's take care of that baby ant sick of 'ks , tcoe ant only get two to n's . a the cover way , she door , : ' scarlot pass into where pork be 17277 - dnwait for she near : oo . pork ( 1n complain voico ) . who 's gvine xilx that cow , miss scarlet ? we 'se Rouse worker es scarlett walk past , ignore hinw int , ccvere way * scarlet ous onse walk down the cover way and grounds . : stand 200 } though : I ' 1 * | long shot - desolate fisld . ed as soarlot walk away fron though camera toward the vegee : . , close shot - vegetable garden - ruined outeouse iy 3.g , " he. soft earth , scar with hooforint and heavy wheel 125 exd . ground of tara '' ( from scarlett !'s viswpodit or’ over eer seculder ) - ardy morning " deep rut and furrow be cut into the road where : horse hed dyagge heavy gum along 1 % and she red po sully on either side be deeply gash b7 the wheel , the cotton be mangle and trample where cavalry and I infantry , force off the narrow road ) have march through : | the green bush , grind they into the earth . here and there in road and field lay ouckle and bit of i harness leather , canteen flatten by hoof and cais - . 1 son wheel , button , blue cap , wear sock , oit of : ' 3 bloody rag , all the litter leave by a march army . " -- , in reaction to the desolation , she be near the end of she rope , ske exit from the cover way and start across the grounds , 1 eo . . close shct > scarlett ( IM cover way ) table gazden which 13 on a knoll to she right , pass the well , the cuine orchard and the cottonfleld with : only a fow miserable patch of white remet ing . in the be3 . , we soe char slave quarter and barn , the paddock , the scorched tree , the skeleton of the cotton press and the ruin of the split-rail fence which have be around the kitchen garden , . , 7 she vegetable mashed into the soil , scarlett wearily come into the garden end look down at the earth , as she stoops so nick some redishss from a short row , camera pan down with eer , she nheel and , eat several as fast as she can get they into she mouth , not dother to remove the dizt . sudéenly she get £ 11 at she stomach - and slowly ; miserably , she retch a3 she falis face forward on the ground and sob . camera hold on tke portrat of the defeat , prostrate and sobbing figure , this be the lowest moment in scare lett o'hara 's itte - and we should feel that she 13 come pletely defaate . . '' after we have hold this portrait , the sob slowly stop + and camera move down to scarlett 's haad , Ze> head move somewhat so that we see she face '' and we see-her ex - . pression change slowly into bitter determination , eyer 80 slowly , and with grin cetermination , self up on she hand , and as canera STAR she vise first to one knee < and fin ily strat . 7 fara . continued : ~ ro 226 315 continued ( 2 ) this be she crucial moment of scarlett q'eara 's lize . d and it 4s she moss magnificent moment of she life . we 1 of this complete defaat a new and mature scerlet o'sara : be bear , she gtand there , fist clench , ner cress soile , face smudge with dirt , and speak slowly with grim determination - measure each phrase carefully . : before speak she raise he > clench fist and look he foy up , deliver ner speech to the aky : % . scarlett ' - as God 23 my witness ... as God be my witness ... they !re not go ing to lick =el ... I be go to live through this and when _ ttts over I will never be hungry again ... no , nor any of ay folk !... if I have to life - steal - cheat - or xiii ! as God 43 my witness , I will never be hungry againt : she stand , she fist still clench , as camera draw back on the determine figure outline against the de - vastation of the plantation . woe camera pull back farther and farther - revealing scar >- é '' lett stand near a enormous ruin oak , background ' only by the sky ... . : '' mum camera finally pull back . to a extreme long shot . . a puff of early morning wind stir the tree and bush — | .« lixe a harbinger of a new day , | : oo anta ! '' fade dt : * " : and the wind sweep through Georgia ... '' sherman ! '' ' to split the confederacy , to . _ leave if crippled and forever mumble , the great invader march . .. leave behind he a path of : gestruction sixty mile wide , from ! Atlanta to the sea ... tara have survive ... to face the . ° . hell and famine of defeat oe . dissolve t . * . 28 oo " sym , dara creek bottom cctton patch - late afternoon - i ~ on novemeer , 1664 - long sect . . . the. stalx and leave of the cotton be withere , oni : scattered bloom still cling to she plant , many have ; already Zallen 30 the ground : for this be autum ceentent teen ene the atm not eaenenma meter satesabsetwn cesta mnneniane tetdeenine netbean mote , : * contintio ' continued ( 2 ) scatter over the field be all that be leave of % people of tara : the shot 13 frame on the side ten che '' foreground figure of Gerald ( in profile ) sisting aimless ~ ly play week a blade of grass or something of the sort . . the next nearest the camera be mammy and prissy ; shen a little farther away suellen and carreen ; and scarlet , the farthest away '' pull desperately at a well rope and swinging % he bucket clear of the well brim , next to bex on the g> ound . be two pail . '' ( pork be ; not in the eee} as the scene open , as he 4s off scene mailing the | cow . '' close shot ~°suellen and carreen in rag , soile dress , they be pick cotton in sullen silence , both girl look weary and ill . they have both only recently get over sickness and have for . be drive to extremely hard work by scarlett . wee suellen ( straightentng up ) oh , my back 's near break . ( with a sob ) . look at by hand ! . . . . ( hold they out ) pirat ce mother say you could always tell a - lady by : ‘her ' ban ent Le ( ner band be scratch and grubbyz ) - carreen ( sweetly ) lot I guess thing like hard and lady do not matter so much any more ... you rest , Sue . you be not well yet and I can pick cotton for both of we , . egsuetten < make we work in | the ft to , sob ) scarlett 's id like -- oo scarlet 's voice -~ too bad about chat ! both sister turn , startle anc for frighten , as scarlet enter to they , she be carry two large bucket of water , which she deposit on the ground . : scarlet : tee tey now ges back vo work ! = cantt do everything st tara all by : mysel ? : lo t suelien : : i waat do I care about taral I hate tara ! : ! scarlet look at she for a moment in rege , then slap - ner as hard as she can so shat suellen aimost collapse wish socb . scarlet Don 's jou ever care to '' say you = < a tare again ! that 's she continted : bt —— senn | : scarlet ( cont would ) same 's as. hat pa and mal ( she pick up water bucket 's and walk out of scene ) . 6 318 ' long shot - field : : '' as scarlett cross , walk toward pork whois apbroach - ting with a mtlx pail ~ mammy a little behind hin . prissy can be see work . ! in the distance in the o.g . no . sovere wax as scarlett come : in and set , down , the bucket . cs gesada wee kathe scarlett , there 's '' something . I mist speak '' to you about . go tas scarlett ( woard2 2y ) - hess : a ' what ls £t ?. - geretd '' itve '' be talzing to prissy . and manny , and i. don 's like . the : way you be 's t reating they , you mist be firm with interior . but you must be go sle-with they |= especially 's darky , . scarlett ( tired but patient ) é '' yes , pa , respect know , but itm not ask they .to do anything '' tem '' not do mysel ?. : . . ' gerale - 2 to Mrs. o'zara . avout it . the pe ~ scarlet be about to veply but control herself . ingas '' silently and wearily leave hin and walk serough the / door 2nd 9 he hall . toe as scarlett enter . Melanie have just . come down the i i | . 's stain she be barefoot and wear a loose and wear - ous . . robe over : she nigntgown . she be odviously . veak for . she | ' 4s brace herselz sgsins '' she wall for support , scarlet stop short . . scarlett ( sharply ) : es what be you co out '' of bed , welly ? : . . | melante ss . scarlet , dar ! ling , imst talk to . you , you 'ze all work so hard ... 2 can 's lie in bec do nothing ... scatiett ( rough2z ) . ' ' go on back upstairs . you be as weak as e new bear colt , conztint=d : vas . scarlett enter wearily . ' Gerald '' ls - ' thers . " he look 3 neverthe2ess , xatie scarlet 's x dont like 1t ..¢ 5 shall speak +325 '' a 384 325 326 327 * stop be noodle , competed ( 2 ) a ial | werante ' '' vet of please , scarlett , let I ee tu : yer bd scarlet Melanie wilk , sick so you ! I have get enough on my hand without you = its yoursel ? 11 never de any use . melant 2 ( aust but contrite ) oh , I - I do not think of it that way . she go back up the step , scarlett watch for a mo - ment . suddenly she hear the sound of a horse 's hoof . os . outside . ske listen a moment then look off through '' of " the window in the hall beside the front door . ext . front of tara - ( from scarlet tt be viewpoint terough | the window , '' or with scarlett in f.g. looking out ) letsuzel7 riding up the driveway toward the front door be a yankee cavalzym ee dismount , toss the bridle rein over the niten post , take he pistol from its holster and glance to right and leave , start , the front door of the house , close seot - scarlett - she stand freeze with fear for just a second , % : toward quickly exit , camera panning with eer , as she run out and to the stain . oo '' wk close sect - ( none camera set uf ) - front door asis aon close : Road . wt scarlet tol from it = the one open and she yank cee ts ( teg3 | walk into ¢% ' szor | = bureau drawe : sts nhands quickly open the drawer and rhett have give he > on take a pis- mcdenough close seot - ' legs of yankee cavalruman _ 9 turn into ellen 's study . . - : oo se close shot - scarlett on upper stair pistol to anand , she lean down and take oft she tnpro= vise anc wora shoe . we ' , close shot - yaieee 's '' arm as Ze find ellen 's sewing box and bis hand ' open be . i : : 250 '' 328 close shot + scarlett on stair | 1 she 4s half way down the last flight of staiz , close to t the wall and nervous , the sound of the footstep below va ' suod , Le . , sos + man 's voice ce , to ? who 's there ? ea ey ' ! '' scarlett stand still , she heart pound . ske drop she '' < arm to she side and hide '' the pistol which she hold — I . sitghtly behind she . | man 's voice ealt -or I will shoot . .- : ~ yr £ 86 7 329 '. closz shot - yankee cavalrnian - | ( from scarieid be | angle ) rt : : . / . '' he be in she hall exite from ' ellen 's study . he look up | pe . : , at scarlett . in one hand he hold he pistol and in the | mo vot other he hold ellen 's sewing box which we have see the | i : - might of scarlet tts arrival Rome . oe | | oo : : yankee : ~ oe : a : ] vient , alone , little lady ? =. . nee ( he grin and put nis pistol 's ' back in ts holster ) . 330 ... glose suor - scarlett 9 ' her hand clutching the pistol , . she stare down as , Bin silently . coo | sss a ms , . 4 832 '' uty longer shot " ! et scarlett glaring down furfousiy nat she yankee ~ the . . : yankee grin up at she . yh 8s j aa. i hi : i I '' + yankee — yo. : yiaintt very friendly , be you ?... °° " 0 + ui mn eas mon , . ( he open the sewing box and hold : up the earbobd ) , | '' year get anything else besides this earbob ? : | | 1 | ge jar scarlett ( with hatred and fury ) j : y . ee you yankee have be here before , : : yankee ( look around the hall , laugh ) . -- : | ° regular little spitfire , be not you ? , .. | i 3s 1 ; — : ee suddenly notice that scarlett be hold something : . 7s dehind she skirt . ! : '' en . . : . : . : yankee eo what have you get hide in you hand ? . a I St | ee start up shs step toward she , eyeing she mockingly . : | } scarlet stand without move to stop he , let he xy i - | . 4 4 continued : | — _ — — - - a a ee - - 2 131 z 3321 continued ( 2 ) - cs - : i cy approach until he nas nearly reach she . geta oe pa eac be , i 332 vere large close up = yanxee '§ face yeing scarlett , nis ' face come closer and closer to the bask , until scarlett 's hand come into she scene , point she pistol directly at he head . his eye widen in horror , which we hold for a second as he look at th . zzle . then the pistol fire straight into nis face . meee 333 . ~= osus ss back : 0 scene be oh ) 0 the body roll backward down the stair and land face vzox upon the floor below . the face be serzibly mark with - ! powder smoke and burn = and dlood stream from the pit where . the.nose. have be . in she f.g. , a thin wisp of smoke . from the pistol which h scarlett still hold in she hand . . tait : scarlett gaze down , she hatred give way to horror at the realization of what she have don she hear foot - steo from the upper flight of stair and turn to see Melanie on the landing , clad only in she nightgown . she . be hold out Charles ! naked sabre . '' . : Melanie stop and look down at the scene below . : 354 : ' high angle shot from landing - ( over melaniz' shoulder ) " a scarlat on the staiz beneath she ; and at the vody Lee £ the maveucer beneath scarlett in turn , lie on the '' hall floor . : ws to my 335 _ _» closz vw ? - melanis . / ; . : ; ry of standths with she swore in ‘hes & hand , , " there be a glow , : - of grim pride in rer usually gentle face , approbat ' end a fierce joy in she smile ... " I 3380 '' — be * '' ' '' cbac to scene '' . . : ms scarlett look up at Melanie , frighten . the sound of . a ao .. foot run outside , and suellen 's voicey om : suellen 's voice . : es : - scarlett ! scarlett ! '' : : Te carreen 's voice ( frizhten ) scarlet ! what happen ? what happen ? e a 43 think quickly , sarna to the window , and $ hrows on . lea % op : a 338 e ' '' . 7 m ! . 339 + ys ' be ds . rot , '' 's be cn | eave not we get enough to frighten we ? '' mell Katie scarlett ske must be more careful : '' I do not see anyone else , I think he must be a deserter . _ T coule oury nim in the arbor , where the ground ts soft , but - ~ but how will = get he out of here ? onary 152 '' ext . ( cver melant shoulder tercugh the wrudow ) suellen and carreen , Gerald with they , be run toe ward the house . . not Melanie ( with teasing galety ) 's ; do not be scared , chicken . you big sister be try to clean a revolver and it go off and nearly scared she to death . { 7 ashe laugh ) . ~ ourside '' suellen , carreen and gerald .- carreen oh , «thank goodness . suellen ( crossly ) '' . ' Gerald ( reprovingly ) ' they turn and . exit , Le back to scene scarlet ( acmiringly ) what a cool iter you be , melly . *.37 - Melanie sun down the few step to scarlett , Melanie i - : we must get he out of here , scarlett , and bury he , if the yankee find he here - theytl2 -- . ( she , steady herself on scarlett 's arm ) -. scarlet Melanie . ' butceven so we have get to hide he , they might hear about it and they would - sheytd . come and get you . t +. + scarlet look at she , then go down the stair , ~ , '' lower hall and stair . the dead yankee lie sprawle across the foreground . at , searlett come down toward he from the stair , fascina - ted but revolt . scarlet ( shen , up to Melanie ) continted : ate , you could not greg a cat : tin ashamed I ' aidn 's think of that myself , ote oon , ' darling , we have get to get he out of here . . cont inued ( 2 ) ' melanioa we will both take a leg and ' arag nin : ( she start down ) . scarlett : Melanie ' smile and '' advance to scarlett | Melanie ‘( a she ' soin scarlett , again clutch . | : . ing she for support ) scarlett , do you think 1 % would be dishone $ ae we go through he haversack ? : . pop ... : scar. ott ( drop to 'her knee ) . you take he haversack , I will search he - ' pocket . . stooping over the dead man with distaste , she unbutton the remain button of he jacket and systematically sack , but be weak and sit '' abruptly 3 on the floor , lean - ine back against the wall soe '' melante ( shaktiy ) - : you look - I be feel a little weak ... _..° : scarlett ( pull out a bulg wallet wrap . : : about with a rag - in a whisper ) melly , I shin it 's full of money ! : . ( she tear off the rag and with tr emble hand will open the leather fold ) : fs the oh , melly , look - look ! . , . . Melanie look and she sye dilate . , jumbled together be : amass of ddill , United States greenback mingling with v't confederate money and , glint from between they a few gold piece , : oe : : scarlett ten . '' twenty . '' thinty ... forty ... Melanie ( as scarlett start finger bilis ) : , do not stop to count it now . we have not time -= scarlett _ do you realize this mean we will have something ' to eat ? a Melanie . look : in nis other pocket ! hurry ! hurry ! ( she gentle aye hard ) scarlett ( aoand wallet to melente ) here -- - , searlett send over , catch the dead man oy he boot continued : . a nubegin rifling he pocket . Melanie start 's for the haver [ oe on a a — 154 gontenued G ) and tug . heois heavier than she realize , and she feel suddenly weak , turn so that she back the corpse , she catch a heavy boot under each arm and throw she weight v.. forward , the body move , and she jerk again . tugging and . strain , perspiration drip from she forehead , she start to drag he down the hall toward the front door , . a.r stain follow she path . scarlett ( gasp ) if he bleed across the yard , we can not hide it , ' give I you ' nightgown , melly . I will wad it around he head . . . ( Melanie 's White face go crimson ) . : oh , do not be : silly . I will not look at you . if . I have a petti- - goat or pantalettes , , I would use they . . . camera pan with scarlett as she turn ' back to the : dead . - aoudter . : close suoT - melanie .. derribly embarrassed , she be crouching ag ainst the wall . 7 +f as the camera move up to a close up of suze eer face : and shoulder , she reach down out of scene and pull . : the rag garment . over she head = and , painfully embar - ** pass and shield she naked shoulder as best she can : swith on arm , silently toss it to scarlett . '' e close shot - scarlett — she catch the gown , throw a '' qutek , '' disgust '' glance nat i Melanie , and start wrapping it around the man 's ead , : mutter disgustedly . : scarlett - * qhanie heavens I be not that modest ! ( call over she shoulder to motante ) eon gl '' now '' go back to bed . you will be dead if you do not , ;- I will clean up the mess after I have bury he . on a . ( she wrap he head in the nightgown ) _ close up ~- melanie '' ' st411 with one arm across she naked shoulder , she look for , down at the he peor of blood with a sick face , . : __. Melanie ( in a sick whisper ) I ) - rh olean it up . " close shot - scariett oa ir a '' she , finish wrapping the man 's head and . stand ude : " scarlett ( look down at he ) well , I guess I have do murder . . continued : sontinued 2 ) scarlett ( cont to ) | . ( she draw the back of she . hand across she . aye , ' throw out she chin ) va ch , iwo not think about that now . ' fri think ' about ' that to - " morrow , : ag : she lift up the soldier 's legis and ‘atarte . $ 0 arag he out , we _ : . tae pade out , | fade in , extreme * long 's sxor '' - tara , ( cosgrove ) | Gerald be galiop ° ' like the be the fence : if ' iwn , haid - tama 5 's - very low camera set up , , wide angle lens ' shoot the entire length of the hall . : '' the door fly open and Gerald burst in , make . a : . '' great clutter of noise , Melanie , scarlett , suellen , and '' . carreen pour into the hall from all . direction - poy '' carreen and suellen together . 's camera move up to close shot of gerald , as. fast as the | " camera can move . as the camera reach he mad face : — a - Gerald : soe , . kathe scarlett ! Katie seariett ! - it 's over ] it 's. over } it 's all over ! the war ! '' Lee surrender ! on the word ' isurrender " swing the camera to a '' two shot of carreen and : suellen - larger : than waist size . : : almost ( - . suellen simul - ( it 's not possible ! tane - ously ( - capreen ( on , why do we ever fightl ... swing camera , as fast as ae 's can '' move '' the up of melanis . - 7 . 7°.» Melanie ( ecstatic ) , apniey wild , be come home ! '' swing camera rapidly to a extrevely large ' close up of scarlett : just barely salring she face within the ' camera line : . . '' : ns : " cownznued . large close 346 continued . ( 2 ) a scarlett 2. 0. os , ag er law yes . Ashley will be come home . we will plant more cotton . cotton ought to go sky high next yearvess . : : a sel ht prssonve to : * , '' long shot - road - in front of tara - septemeer , 1665 - | on the road be a'weary procession of confederate soldier eturn from the war , stretch back and dotting the road in small group as far as we can see , most be '' 2 walk , barefoot . all be in rag uniform , about . onesfourth of which wear blue coat which have be take from yarikee prisoner or from the dead . at least yhalf the man : see be wounded . ~ some with a miss leg ; some with a miss arm , some with bandage , etc . it be t.a@ pitiful portrait of the lame , the halt , and the blind _ '' that now constitute the large pert of what be leave of - ‘ed condition than they rider , : over this the title : : / : . Home from they lose adventur '' come the tatter cavalier -... grimly they come hobbling back | to the desolation that have once be a land of grace and plenty .. '' and with they come another . invader ... more cruel and vicious . . than. any they have fight ... the . carpetbagger ... man : as the title fade off , we hear a male voice sing " yarching through Georgia , " and a buggy appear in the have beg , come toward cahera , init be jonas wilkerson , .. , ithe ex-overseer of tara , and beside he sit a flashily dress , free issue negro , who be do the sing . ' fhe horse , at a gallop , bear down upon some of the be - . tuening foot - soldier , force they off the road . as the - " buggy come abreast of the camera , it almost strike one man who have put up he arm.and be stand in front of the buggy to stop it . he be support another soldier who be obviously very weak and wounded , wilkerson pull '' wp sharply , have almost hit the man . | wilkerson ( stand zp , ina page ) a " get , out of the road , rebel ! get out of the way . , : soldisr . have you room in you carriage for a die man ? continued : joo I a woese pee tert '' =136 - a , Southern manhood , some be on horse in even more wretch . continued ( 2 ) | wilkerson 0°70 I get no room for any Southern scum , alive or dead ! '' get out of the way ! : he half - raise he whip thréateningly . the soldier just ' look at he . for a moment the two men' eye be lock , then wilkerson 's eye waver and glance away . . wed '' soldter ( quietly ) _. it reckon he 'ad rather try . and walk it , at that . loy sto s**t wa qverson ( vlolently = whip he ' horse ) | gideap ' . co + , ... tyell at soldier ) jump , you grey - back beggar ! negro . ' we 3 though dey win de ward nite . '' gun wee ack ! a '' she horse ' start . through and the straggler scamper away . wilkerson spit on they as he buggy break through they . _ rank and pass . on . '' . have 3 mo " by. tara = day = september , 1668 7 " I - medium shot shoot at scuppernong arbor which be in . back of the smokehouse at the side of tara .. '' : . in. the f.g@ - on the lawn be three man wrap in blanket . .=.one. lie peacefully ' stretch out , and two sit | | play card . none of they speak . . the . camera start : to . move up to a close shot at the arbor where , vehind . a- screen of bush and dlanket drape over '' the structure , be the head and shoulder of three . scarecrow soldier . one be Frank Kennedy . the other two - man have be stripped and one be trimming he whisker with a pair of shear . sound of splash from oshind ' the bush . oe : . ' prank Kennedy seem reluctant . mammy stand determine on the lawn , a pitchfork in she hand . — .. now you come on . gimme dem pants , ur. Kennedy . come on , - he throw he uniform trousers over the hedge . mammy ° , , spear they on she pitchfork . se lo . kee _ now you scrub yo 'seff , wid that strong lye soap befo ! ah come ( — : an! gerub you mah'seff i a 's gwine to put dese britches in say ? de boilin ' pot ! a . : | . , she. walk ' 6 few step to the boil pot and . drop the “f spouser in , throw the pitchfork on the ground , and ' 4 . start toward the cover way , mutter to herself ; . continued : ro . 138 348 . continued ( 2 ) of . mammy. ( mutter ) : — oe - . the whole confed 'rut army get de same trouble = crawlin ! . eloe 's a ! dysent ' ry ! . . 's " near the end of the cover way '' as mamny enter scene '' she meet suellen who have just ; come out . Bet eet I '' 349 . / ee . suellen ( sputter ) : , . I think it 's humiliate the way you be treat Mr. Kennedy ! ' you would be a sight mo ! humiliate effen Mr , Kennedy 's lice git en youl . aay to se lo suellen be indignant . follow mammy as she leave she and pass the cover way on she way to the smokehouse . on the step and the porch be seven to ten gaunt con -. . federate soldier hungrily devour food . a couple of '' the man be crippled and the other in various state : _ of disrepair . they clothing , recently boil by mammy , sts clean but rag and unpress . a table bear food be set up on the porch at which prissy be cut a watermelon . pork be busy himself in the b.g. , see . ‘> that the man be feed . as mammy approach and turn to go toward the smokehouse , camera swing in the opposite direction to the step of the cover way . Melanie be | sit on the step fold a pile of mend garment , '' she work basket beside she foot . a tired and footsore ~ ?. confederate in wash and dry clothes be also sit .' on the step , eat . Little Beau be toddle about on - ' uncertain leg , sometimes fall forward , catch hin - .' s@1f with both hand , and then straighten up again to * toddle about the soldier . gurgle with delight , make : little 4 dnarticulate noise , he 1s try to play with - the soldier ; vester he , ' flirt with he , pluck grass with he baby fist and throw the grass at the goldier , etc , Melanie look up and see what the baby be do . : . 2 vat : Melanie : so 7 oh , come on , Beau . leave this gentleman alone . because he 's . tired and hungry . . . toe : the soldier . I do not mind , matam , it 's good to see a youngster again , Nice little . fellow . another two year of war and we could have : have he with we in cobb 's legion . tet deo tet : : Melanie ( eagerly ) . wt be you in . cobbd !s legion ? : Melanie : ' why then you must know my husband , Major wilkes} .. continued : yes , matan , co 349 '' melantes eek , my ' . tete . ' seartett . i+ come along , ' Beau , a _ oh , do not scold I , scarlett , please , I have just hear that : Ashley with wag take prisoner . . : lowe a " continued ( 2 ) a : soldier . oh yes , matam . she be ' capture at spottsylvanta , I think , Melanie ( horrify ) , ( then suddenly relieved ) '' on , thank heaven , then he be not -- ( she stop herself ) é. capture ! . of oh my poor Ashley , in 'a yankee prisont ? scarlett ts volce 's Melanie turn to see scarlett motion to she . scarlett . . stands just outside the door to the house . Melanie go to she . as she leave , Melanie glance back doubtfully at little Beau , whom . she be leave behind , the soldier pat ' the child 's shoulder with he free hand . : - Melanie . '' soldier . * 0 ness maa watch out for hin , matam . we be ' good friend . * Melanie . '' ‘hy phank you . she rise 's and go 8b the , step toward scarlett . prvi . ; Las two shot - scarlett and melanie ' Melanie enter scene , scarlett talk ' as she do : : '' scarlett ( scolding , to a '' low voice ) . '' here I slave day and night just so we can have enough food so keep body and soul together ... and you give it all away to ... this starve scarecrow . I would as soon have a plague of ' * " ~ : locust around the place ! - Melanie scarlett . Ashley a prisoner ! shae I ay Melanie : . '' yes .. , and maybe if he 's alive ... and well .. she 's on some nor= thern road right now ... and maybe some Northern woman be giv - ing hima share of she dinner and help '' my beloved to come " back home to I . ' scarlett , ashamed and abash , lower she eye , touch Melanie on the arm continued : bone we / we ce shon ? see kos 350 . continued ( 2 ) : mte scarlett ' ( quistiy ) .. z hope so , melly . . camera pan with ' scarlett ‘ag she turn from Melanie to , go into the house , moody , she thought on Ashley . . Kennedy 's voice '' + miss scarlett ! scarlett stop and turn back . Kennedy 's approach she .. from direction of the cover way , embarrassed and woe , he be wrap in pin up blanket and tse : to . . 381 : otd . tara hall oo od - through the open ' door , as scariott and ' cermedy enter , a few man see in the b.g. , on the step of the cover way , of the follow dialogue camera truck with scar - tett and kennedy as they turn and walk toward the front door , Frank have datftouley with he blanket and : quilt ... 7 . : io + nemnedy : miss scarlett , I want to tako up something with you pa , but he ' doos not geem to eee . scarlett ( interPupting impatiently ) perhaps I oan , - help you . - I be the head : of the house now . " Kennedy well , 's ie I -- - : '' tua claw at. he beard ) | “* miss scarlett , iwas aim to ask he for suellen . scarlett ( simulate amazement ) ~ do you ' mean . to tell I ; Frank Kennedy , you have not ask . for she after . all . this year that she 's be count on you kannedy ( grin in embarrassment and hen and . haw , move from one foot to the .. other ) a well , ' the truth be ... I ' ! m so much older than she. be - and - " wel , now I have not a cent to my name . scarlett ( encouragingly ) who Bas , nowadays ? kernedy ( with simple dignity ) miss scarlett , if true love carry any weight with you , you * can be sure you sister will be rich in that ... I will go out somewhere and get myself a little business , and as soon as I get on my foot again - we. can -~ scarlet ( kindly ) , all right , Frank , I be sure I can speak for pa , you 's go ask she now . . continued : 352 continued ( 2 ) ' | kemnedy cht oh , thank you , thank you , miss scarlett ! : by now they be at the front door . Frank Kennedy open yc. oo it im frantie excitement and run out onto the verandah . ‘382 ae as Kennedy , burst out ' the’ door and ' start . across , he ale - most . knock over Melanie and mammy who have come up onto the verandah from the grounds , . Kennedy exouse I , Mrs. wilk , excuse mee . he fluttér off , as scarlett come out from the all ... _ Melanie and mammy look after Kennedy , astonished . * Melanie ( she turn to scarlett ) scarlett y what seem to be the trouble with Mr. Kennedy ? . scarlett : - not of . more trouble than he busssess he 's finally ask for suel - . de n's . hand , * : ge aay '' '' Melanie — . oh , ttme : so glad . : scarlett | ibt a pity he can not marry she 1 rowe , at east be one toe . mouth to feed.e. dy she look at Melanie who . be ' look down '' ehe ariveway and follow } Melanie 's bane : io , driveway - eno point of view of scarlett and mecante ) ' up the driveway , under the tree in the distance , a poittery soldier be - walice from ' the road soward the use e wt . ' 354 a " back to scene : '' scarlett ( gromblingty ) ~ . . a , another one ! TI hope this one isntt hungry . | sad my '' mammy . . heth. be hongry . bob as . ' " Melanie '' ( sun to go back '' aeress : the porch ) - zh tell prissy to get a extra plate , she stop suddenly , she hand go 's to she throat clutch - ing it as though it be tear with pain , scarlett come to she , catch she arm , after only a second Melanie : , - continued : 142 354 . continued ( 2 ) , . : : " throw the hand off she arm and fly down the stepas ' Melanie ~ " Ashley ! _ ( from , scarlett' viewpoint ) 355 . long shot - driveway - : : across the lawn , she skirt stream behind she , she arm outstretch , Melanie fly closer to the approach - - ing figure . Melanie | *. ashley ! , we see that he face be cover with a dirty blond he be wear a rag mixture of blue and grey _ wath dnecherent ' erty Melanie '' throw herself into nis close up - scarlett she be in ecstasy and start to run down the step , only to be grab by memmy 's black hand which come into the esd 356 - : scene . . oo , beg mammyt voice °° '' not . . miss scarlett ! oo have 387 } close two shot - many and scarlett , : ; i -% scarlet turn frantically ¢o see why she have be not | stop . oe woo ee mammy ( quietly ) | ..: b not do : spoil lt , miss : scarlett . we t or — gearlett ( frantically ) 7 0 , . turn I loose , you fool ! turn I loose ! it 's Ashley ! ~ & t '' mammy do not relax she grip . she look scarlett ( .< a straight in the eye , and after a moment , speak : : | wer ts ' mammy ( still quietly and calmly ) : | _ ' bet hem husban ' , aint he ? . | i '' 1 . scarlett look at mammy , after , a moment lower ner eye | , and relax . : : '' bade out . we cannot identify the soldier in this long angle , but _ * miss scarlett , mar 'am =- ' yas tm . . get Left in gol ' ? dat wont be ernuft . : what in Heaven 's name be you talice about ? _ ah heerd de tax man say t'ree hun're dollah , . get to raise it , that 's alll . fade in : '' ext , tara - near yew and tmprovised lean - to - OPEN on close up - big iron kettle over a pire - day - _ november , 1865 " . '' scarlett 's hend hold a paddle and be stir the dark '' izt , brown mess of cooking soft - soap . camera pull back and we see scarlett 's face over the kettle , fill with dis - : gust at she task . pork come into scene , stand before sv she . . . . of to ' pork 4 ' ttss scarlet , malamess : . scarlett ( without look up , with irritation ) High | time you get back _ dad you get the | horse shod ? pa pork _ : have well yas be - he shod all right . ( clear he throat ) scarlett look down at she own improvise shoe which ' be reinforce with peco | of carpet . : . soarlett : . Fine thing - when horse can get shoe and human can not , - ( hand the paddle to pork and atep back ) : here . .. stir bhis soad . . ~ . pork ( taleing the * paddie ) Len ‘( start once more to. say somathing ) : miss scartett , ma'am ... a gotter know how much money have ! you . a scarlett ( susiessea . en'doller . Way ? : pork ( shake he head ' bournnutiy ) '' +> searlett ( annoyed ) pork ' weit , miss scarlet , a seed that no -' count whit @ trash wile kerson that useter be marse Gerald 's overseer here . he 's a reg'lah yankee now a ! he be makin ! a brag that . he carpet - bagger frien 's do run de taxé way up p sky high on tara . '' scarlett se wate | how much more have we get to pay ? pork . . ce ae '' scarlett ( gasp ) Three hundred ! might just as well be three mill ont but we 'tvo continued : o gee continued ( 2 ) pork °° meee : ' ce > geartett ( she think '' second , then ) ~ : a co lemll go ask Mr. Ashley . : oo , / cc ) . . yas be ... how ? pore fos ae he. aint get no t'ree funtre dollah , miss scarlett . : scarlett ( irritate > ean ask he if T want to , can : " scarlett pick up 4 shawl which have be hang nearby , she and hurry off out of scene . pork '' take off he hat y bis evident enjoyment ) : 13 1 ? a . , .c pat it around remain gaze woefully after she , and scratch he woolly head . " long shot '' slee : ; ~ as scarlett hurry aoroae the rear ' grounds to Ashley ' who be fix the paddock fence . we . exn , paddock fence '' L pay : '' . stop , and look tragi- scarlett come : over the hill , * gally and with affection at the picture of Ashley who be inadequately and weakly attempt to split rail . she come to he . ~ gearlett Ashley ! : . tee to - to : . , he have stop work as she approach he .. he laugh . > woe woe Ashley . 's ws a lon they say abe lincoln get he start split rail . just _ think what height I may elimb to once I get the knacke - : scarlett '' Ashley , the yankee want three hundred dollar more int ee . ( ag she take a step closer to he ) . what ' shall we do ? . Ashley , what 's to become of we ?. het Ashley ( ais smile have fade ) to '' what do you . think become of people when they civilization '' preak up ? that who have brain and courage come shrouge > , all right . that who have not be winnowed out . axe : he l - '' ww scarlett ( angry ) | . { : for heaven 's sake , Ashley wilk , ao not stand there talk | { - . + nonsense at I when it 's we who be be winnowed out ! t . of mo , . v { ~ . continued : ° i al . . ae / 145 360 . ) continued ( 2 ) I - : I i Ashley i. . : ee you be right , scarlett . here iam talk tommyrot about . wy . civilization when you tara 's in danger ... you have come to I ? for help , and I have no help to give youse . : : ( he speak as a defeat man , he eye elude lon hers , without fear or apology , but simply as one | a overwhelm by disaster ) - 0 sqarlett , I - itm a coward . } . . _ scarlett : . '' ey * you , Ashley ? a coward ? what be you afraid of ? : vee , E Ashley ae - se | - supposs . not I + . oh , mostly of life become too real for I , _that I mind split rail . .. °°. sf : ah , * " > > ( he eye stray off as to some remote star now ~ extinguish ) : . : : 's but I do mind very much lose the beauty of that ~ that : life ! not ilove , if the war have not come I would have spend my life . i happily bury at twelve oak . but the war do come ... I see | _. my boyhood friend blow to bit . I see man crumple up in . . 1 : agony when I shot they ... and now I find myself in a world : ! which to I be worse than death . , .a world in which there 's : no place for I ! . . 7 . rr : ( look at scarlett with admiration ) . '' oh , I can never make you understand because you - do not know the meaning of fear . ou never mind face reality and you . i mever want to escape from they as I do . a for scarlett ( leaping at the word ) . escape ? aan oo . ( she turn a quick , guilty look at the house , then ) . . oh , Ashley , you be wrong ! I do want to escape , tool I be so '' very tired of it all . I have struggle for food and for’money . '' I have weede and hoed and pick cotton until I can not stand - it another minute ! I tell you , Ashley , the South be dead ! : - itts dead ! the yankee and the carpetbagger have get it and . there 's nothing leave for we ! : we . , Ashley , who have be look at she in disbelief , now .*. peer at she sharply - as she lay she hand feverish | and urgent on he arm . '' - scarlet . . '' > oh , Ashley , det 's mun away ! we could go to Mexico , they want officer in the mexican army - and we could be so happy there . : Ashley , I would work for youl I would do anything for youl you know you do not love Melanie , you tell I you love I that day at - twelve oak . and anyway - Melanie can not - Dr , meade tell I she could not ever have any more child . and I could give you er , . Ashley 1s startle . his eye fall . : . " " aghley oo oh , can not we ever forget that day at twelve oak ? 's continued : : .: 146 360 . continued ( 3 ) , scarlett . do you think I could forget 1t ! have you forget it ? ' could : you honestly say you do not love I ? tpt ye Ashley draw a : deep breath , then : foo ashley no . I dontt love you . scarlett no itis a lie ! | a L ' Ashley ( ais voice deaddy 5 quiet ) '' we12 , even if it 1s a lie , do . you think I could go off and - leave Melanie and the baby ? break Melanie 's heart ? scarlett , be ree mad ? you could not eave you father and ' '' the @ girl ... . : scarlett . = '' could leave ' they ! - itm sick of they = '' ttme tired of they ! . wae : Ashley * yes , you be sick and tired , that 's why you be beluing this way : you have carry the load for all of we , but from now on tim . go to be move help to you , I promise ! : scarlett - . - . there 's only one way you can help I , take I away ! therets : nothing + to keep we here ! : : Ashley nothing . ° ' nothing | - except . honor . she look at '' atm defeat end ' parey , tum away ; drop she head in she hand and start to ery . it be the first time Ashley have see any weakness in she . he go to she swiftly . and . take she in he arm , cradling she comfort - ingly , press she head to he heart , whisper : . * Ashley . of oh , dear ! '' dear ! ay brave dear . darling ! oh nol do not ery ! you mustn 's no , do not ery ! bo a 2 ( she cuatiner to ery ) . a 7 7 donttl > do not ! no , do not ! : toy : scarlett ss - you do love mee you do love I ! say it -- Ashley to '' dontt ! do not ! pseb " gearlett . . say it ! you love I ! say it ! . suddenly he sheke she , shake she unti2 she hair tum ble down about she shoulder , : Ashley _ we will not do this , I tell you we will not do it ! continued : not te — = to will not - you Love 's I ~ you love I ! : tara ! : _- s86 " rs ' look 's at ner handful . continued ( 4 ) 2 '' ? " Ashley " . all right , ' I will say .it ! I love they so much that _ the best wife a man ever . have ! but , scarlett I ! to forget she ! scarlett yes , there , be something . '' though you may not know : ( not steop qui garth and pre _. come up . 2 , long shot '' nery new and . fresh . este agnvey ( cont ' a ) : . , dand he fairly throw . nim ) happen again ! I will take Melanie and the baby and go ! then there 's nothing .lef ..f 2 " something you 3 qo yes - I still have this ... . : _ ( she start out , stop , and turn ) you need not go . I will not have you all . starve simply because I throw myself at you head . it will not happen again . oa. ( ghe-walks away . from he , toward . the cover way ) y er clear scarlett ( oblivious to what he 1s say and Lee , laugh triumphantly ) say it ! say it : you love I ! you love I ! say lt! say. it ! . : , . . vas I love you courage and stubborness !. a moment ago I could have forget . mnot go i ROS bom ( as it sink in ) . L nothing for ' it. see . i + let ekly , scrape up 4 & handful of moist , ses it . into the , palm of she hand ) '' to ' earth . 's then she head rno hota le ty _ scarlett approach , the.cover way . in ' the distance 3 in the b.g. , ° the figure of Ashley . ' seat near , in the " gover way , 1s Gerald . on the other gide of the cover= do way . 8. carriage be drive up . . los® side angle - scarart .° yl | . '' walling , depressed , still clutching the earth that Ashley have press into she hand . over the shot the. sound of , carriage wheel . at first scarlett be not aware of thi ' sound , then 's hear it , stop , and . look up startle . ++ long shot '' +. througi cover way - ( from scarlett' angle ) - the carriage . roll up the driveway . it be obviously iy paint ~ , shine with varnish and _conninued : , 148 363 . ) continued ( 2 ) . new harness . in it be jonas wilkerson , flashily dress , . and Emmy slattery , also showily dress ; but the anglz '' 4s not sufficiently close for the ecupant to be recog - nizable in this shot . int , cover way '' 364 '' Gerald seat on 's the step , distract , count out confederate bond . scarlett enter to he , she walk out toward the front lawn . mle | ses -~ ear. lat and driveway - long shot - in front of cover - ac bva ~ long a T - - the carriage slow down and stop at the front door of the house . ' we see that it be emny slattery and jonas ' wilkerson , Emmy start to climb out of the carriage as ' scarlett come out onto the lawn from the cover way and hurry up the side step to the verandah . : scarlett ( almost to nezeeit ) a ' Way let amy sqatterys " olose seor - - eyace slattery and wilkerson a tarting toward the step , Emmy toss she head . : Emmy ( with a angratiate smile ) meat , it 's I . : '' soantett !s voice | ( gustousty '' stop win - oa Emmy and wilkerson stop , startle . Emmy cower on the . first step , and wilkerson just behind she , scarlett run _ into scene and stand above : they , sower | over > they in .& treo . : . : sa wilkerson you have not forget you old overseer , have you put a arm eround Emmy ) - wort ... bmyf Mrs , wilkerson now . st scarlett ( in fury ) °°. tt get : oft that step , you trashy wench ] get off this land 's Emmy 's jaw drop further 's and she glance around at wil - of kerson who be try to be dignify but who 1s very angry . continued : | - : aoe have wee tee | tinge 149 367 : '' cow ( 2 ) oe be : . - wilkerson - os be you can not speak that , way to my wife . ot : scarlett * wife . : : : - . ( laugh contemptuously ) . : cos : ) High time you make she you wife ! who paptize you other brat after you kill my mother ? no . : - ( she glare '' at Emmy in a rage ) . a Emmy - : * ( she retreat hastily down the’ step and wilkerson '' stop she 's flight toward the carriage with a rough grip on she arm ) . as wilkerson , ( enarle ) a we camé out here to pay a call - a friendly call - > and talk a little business with old friend ... - . . scarlett ( estde herself ; she voice like a . '' whip Friends ? when be we ever friend with the like of you ? break she husband 's grip and run in fright trom " 3 the sorrify scarlett , sgerambling into the : carriage . : : wilkerson ( he fury equal to ' scarlett 's ) . stiaa . high and mighty , be not you ? well , T kmow all about . tous I - kmow you father 's turn idiot -- ( nis voice raise in anger ) a you. can not pay you tax and I come : out hero to offer to buy '' } the place 's from you - to make you a right good , offer . Emmy - i ‘had a hanker to live hero ... . t ae : scarlett ( shouting ) | . : lal tus | get off this place , you dirty yankee . — se , | ' 36 a 5 . close shot - gerald in cover way - oe Ho 4s listen to the argument - a mod gloam in he o7e + . : wilkerson '!s voice .. you ' pog-trotting , high -fly irish will find out whot rune _ning thing around here when you get sell out for tax ! 369 ° ~ bage to scarlett and wilkerson oe 's wilkerson ( continue ) - 4 '' pra ' buy this place , lock , stock , and barrel - and tri live . os in at . but rll wait for the sheriff 's salet scarlett raise hor fist in fury , be suddenly aware of the damp clay still in she hand = and fling it into - wilkerson 's face . : '' continued 2 1369 °° that 's all of tara . youtll ever = goth youti be sorry for shat . we! be pack ! '' maa show you who the owner of tara isl ! .- and Emmy tangnine beside he , pal " | the direction of the lean -to . medium shot " wilkerson ' in the carriage , take up the rein - , samy be - - > side hin , whimper . _ — ' as . ce '' '' shouting 2 . of o De ett cee ee ene not 's 250 continued : ( 2 ) ae , - ' scarlett wilkerson ( wapingr he ' tece ) ee turn and start for the carriage , 's scarlett look . after he furiously . oe close shot - gerald = < " ' - . the mad gleam in he . eye have turn to tage he exit to , . - wilkerson ( oniatng back ' to . rage ) : rno wt the Gerald have already ' untied the : yankee cavalrynatite horse from the rail . he swing himself on the unsaddle horse , ? x Gerald ( he wheel and charge '' past woth a '' torsifte ball '' like roar ) '' wept shot - '' carriage . a . 's driving out - wilkerson turn back , and shaking he ft st '' pone shot _ the carriage roll down the ' antveway , toward the ent - vance gate . Gerald come around the corner of the house at a gallop . suellen and carreen run out of . the house , attract by the commotion , scarlett look up , start ' pun after she father in panic . * scarlet mo . come back ! . cree medium shot - carriage nearer the entrance gate . wilkerson whip he horse +o get away from the madman who be after he . a al 376 = medium shot - gerald on horse . purtously cut across the lawn in front of the nouse , head for a jump over the fonce to cut off the car - riage . scarlett still run and scream after he , . : scarlett '' pa , come back ! pal . " qlose shot - scariet ? . =i vee cts qetlu 377 meaty she halt , gaze off at the chase din fright . '' 378 ° _. medium shot - carriage '' gust sume through the gate . '' 879 ~ roadside fence * ~ Gerald come . toward camera at start to jump . =... : close up - gerald his fist raise , roaring and bellow . a ' Gerald . .¢ .. , / yankee coward ! . : & roadside fence - low camera set up shoot up at horse the horse jump , clear the fence , dut stumble against the ditch on the other side , throw its rider . - 38h '' 382 {close shot - suellen and carreen 2 cc5 ter tu ba . stand side by side on the lawn - suellen with she mouth agape , she hand raise in terror . carreen close ' cher eye and shield she face with she hand . =: .. ! ga3 . lose up -.scartert '' ant letting out a terrific scream , 384 close shot nkgeraid body \pc.© lie motionless where he have fall . soarlett 's .. >. seream continue over the shot . . fhe horse 's head appear in the scene , nuzzling the still body , then whinny mournfully . dissolve to : _— _ — - 152 gerald and ellen' grave ' the wind ' ls blow the leave across the headstone . , , , : dissolve 703 the zee . tara hall - oxose ' suo - ' oerald waqce '' . wt 8 . bork '' Co. 3 . ) shih a tawsy , miss scarlett ! dat 's mist ! '' Gerald 's watoht '' camera . back away to show scar let . hold hex '' father 's : watch out to pork 's who bend over it breathless . ste a '' 4 scarlett = : you take it , it 's for you . patd wane you .to have it . . : : '' porle mle , : '' ys you be not ' get no bizness partin ' ' trom dis wateh now ; '' wiad - searlett ! you need all yo ! valable ter sell fer that tax . money ! oa '' '' geartet a ms do you think itd sell pat watch ? dae ( she put it into he hand ) ' and do not cry . I can stand everybody 's tear but - yours . . -( she go into the aplsty . drageing , she _ feety oy mood ty ) er . ‘a7 int . parlor . I , pe _ : . scarlett ( she enter : to mommy ) xx 1 ; oby mommy ! mammy } . : '' ( she go : to ' the window and stand look out ) : i : so '' mammy ( she go to she , lay a consol hend moe ' : : '' upon she shoulder ) : : ye : you be brave so long , miss scarlett , . you jes’ gotter go. on : bein ! brave , think ' bout yor pa like '' not useter bee . . . scarlet : I can not think about pa . I can not think of anything out that . three hundred dollar ! ( she move away from the window and ; wretchedly , '' across the rocm ) mammy ( mumble ) 's aint no good thinkin ! ' bout that , miss. scarlett . ain ! nobody to that much money .. , nobody but " yankee and scallawag get 4 % much money now . |. gearlet stop still in she track , she frown . then , . low , but quite matter of fact : . | 4 : scarlett & : . rhett. . . foe . '' sy . continued : '' 155 aka ( 2 ) x lae ' who that ? a yankee ? 2. co * scarlett go to the mirror , stare at herself . she run _ she hand over she thin aed pinch she cheek . '' at voi bett '' ned ' ' h scarlett . oh , 's ' mamay , I be so thin and so pale . 't haven ! '' any clothes ! suddenly she atraighten . up as she catch a glimpse of i '' she green portiere hang at the window . she swing — ~ : around abruptly and with sudden , '' brisk , decision walic i ..to thon . . . ey . : scarlett ( finger the material and ook . . : 4 up ee + scoot up to - the attic , mammy , . and last down ma 's — ' ola box of oo . | _ dress _ pattern . not . nye : wee . : * winst you up ter wid miss ellen 's polteor ?: 2 , scarlett : " xoutze go to make I a new dress . : : ° ae a not outta miss ellen 's potteerss not while | a get bref in 2 : : on __ mab rody : , woe bap , I scarlett ( still stare at the portiere ) , , a great ball of fire ! they be my portiere now ! 1 rr ( she jerk down the portiere , pole and all ; drape ; c : . a , the netertal over she shoulder ; turn back to : : . +o megan ' y I bete '' Tim go to Atlanta for that three hundred dollar , and itve . | } bm + . ( 8 se 88 , docking like a queen . | . i pot pe mammy " be per oot who ovine to ' lanta wid yout , i ee ' scarlet . ( eharpty ) pot loe itm , deine alone . _! L a poy memay 20 . 00 . : : - my : . dat '' whut you think . '' ah 's gwine to Atlanta wid you = wid 1 oan you end that new dress . : ott scarlett ( wit ' take - '' sweetness ) roy yow , mommy darling «.. . : - mamoy : c '' _.. no use tryint to sweet ' talk I , wuss scarlett . ah know would you .. '' since ah pus de fus ! pair of diaper on you . anh say a 's soe gwine to ' lanta wid you aad guine a be . ' . . . toe not tab ue bade ou . : c bine it : eee cee ele ong ee _ pire engine - day king and _brey . rhett 's voice ( over shot ) | . on , too. good for I } butter the major ) 154 int , MAIN room of the old pore house - close shot - ~ : a yankee corporal of the Guard enter . pan with bo as he pass the fire engine upon which be hang a couple of u.s.a. tunic and rhett 's hat . voice off scene : Major ( show nis card and almost | arrogantly ) ( he throw in he card , face down . on 's ' the’ ' table ; vee ' , you know 1t 's a pity we could not have fight the war out ina - far less effort . this action . the : Major ( look up sharply ) , what be it , corporal ? - ~ corporal ~ stir , thers . a lady to $ 88 Captain butler : sister , '' mo Major L , another sister ? '' + ( good naturedly ) this be a jail , not a aren , Captain butler} corporal + , with she . rhett hundred and forty ? i ( bend over to scribble he 1.0.0 . ) . my debt do mount up , do not they , Major ? '' Major coll . rhett ° thank you , major. ‘( he rise ) - : bxouse I , gentleman ! of . the guard . the two captain laugh . '' " one wink to the other . all right , corporal ! show | Captain butler 's - sister ¢o he poker game . you would have do better than General grant , with | the major laughingly rake in the chip , very pleased with himself . the corporal of the guard enter . during no , Major . she be not one of that . this one 's get she mary '' she have ? I would like to see this one , | Major , without she mammy . | '' lett see , my , loss for the afternoon come to what ? Three . ' he walk out of : scene in direction take by the corpérat continued : es 389 390 ° '' '' would you be sorry ? os a . | ee I so ee pee sed oa '' continued ( 2 ) : : ' Major ( to the two captain ) : , '' teta hard to be strict with a man who lose money so plea ~ k - . sently . ' ( he look at the 2.0.0 . ) they all danghe toe outside door ' 20 rhett's cell rhett enter scene , greet scarlett who be '' peing ushere can . in from the other direction by . the cornere of the guard . : : ' scarlett 's : rhett scarlett : m ( he take she in he arm ) my dear little sister ! a . . : ( he kiss she delicately on the brow - turn to é _ the corporal who be look on enviously ) it 's all right , corporal . my gaater : have bring I no file or saw . : ' the corporal give he a look , annoyed at he ' dismissal and because he can not be a witness to this scene . he '' exit , rhett usher scarlett into he cell . . int . rhett's cell '' the cell be a convert horse e , ste2l , the adjoin stall be occupy by a horse . ett and scarlett be just . z '' enter . ee close the door aeeh they . scarlett give ty '' a suspieious little look at the door be close . . : rhett can z yeally kiss you now ? a 2 scarlett ( a side - Long . glance from she . then , : | = too demurely ) . . '' on ' the forehead '' like a good prother . '' rhett ( drop he hand ) : : . ; no , thanks .' «tll wait and hope for better thing . : : scarlett _— oh , rhett ] I be so distress when I hear you be in fail ! F I simply could not sleep for wain .«« tb!s not . true they be | go to hang you ? : be . rhett : ; os we peo ! : scarlett ( as though she could not ' stand ' the i a : . think ) lg oh , rhett ! ' fee oes wt Li well od well , do you ? oh , rhett , how you do run on - teasing 4 country girl like . mo oe a eee i .. you look good . enough to eat . prosperous , too . . : scarlett , ( she manner in answer 13 falsely too : '' 1s6 continued ( 2 ) , rhett ( laugh ) ° well , do not worry - yet . the yankee have trump up some charge against I but what they be really after ; be my money . : they seem to think I make off with the confederate treasury . ' scarlett - ( almost betray herself ) oo : rhett oo , a , what a lead question ! but let 's not talk about sordid '' thing like money } ... how good of you to come and see I } and how pretty you look . '' '' scarlett " ~ rhett | respect a . thank , Heaven you be not in rag . I be tired of see woman in nrag . turn around . '' < gno turn around slyly and flirtatiously . '' rett ( bis eye take she in greedily ) '' 7 : 7 " ght ) '' ' qnank you , itva be do very well . everybody 's do well at tara , .. only I get so bored , I just think I would treat my - _ : self to a visit to town . my lea : rhett '' you be 'a heartless creature , but that 's part of you charm . ~ you know you have get more charm than the law allow . ( he have seat she . on the couch and have draw up a . atool beside she ) : scarlett - a '' now , ididntt come here to talk silliness about I , rhett . I come because I be so miserable at the think of you in trouble , oh , I kmow iwas mad at you the night you leave I . " om the road to tara , and I still have not forgiven youee . om : * . rhett ( with mock concern ) oh , scarlett , do not say that : : : scarlett . : to : well , I mst admit I might not be alive now , only for you . ( she gently squeeze he arm ) . but when I think of myself with everything I could possibly . ' rope for , and not a care in the world , and you here in this horrid jail ... ( she try lighten matter with a little joke , : indicate rhett 's next door neighbor ) and not even a human jail , rhett , a horse jail ( shen the tear come quite convincingly ) continued : in 157 continued ( 3 ) listen + via ee ( oonee I reall ; + 8 sten to I try to meke joke , when I be y want to cry . in a minute I shell oxyd , : i stare at she tneredulousiy . , a '' " het ' seariete , can it be ssossible ..t. : . scarlet ( sniff ) | can what be possible , rhett ? : elo» rhest . . that youve grow a woman 's heart : he es have , rhett . I know = have . - tee rhett ae cet h well , '' itt worth be in jair jest to heer , you say shat : att . " well worth lteese -- , . over and kiss they . he feel she hand , then turn the '' palm upwards , look down at they . unaware of what he be _ think , she close she eye and lift she face to he , - obviously wait for he to kiss she . but he tone change . . a rhett ( with quiet sarcasm ) — you. can drop the moonlight and magnolia , scarlett . . ( she eye open in surprise ) : so thing have be go well at tara , have they ?:. _ she 's nod ; mutter a frighten " ye-ea , " rhett ( with violence ) to what have you een do with you hand ? woe , then she try :to wrench they away , but he hold they hard , run he thumb across the callouse . m . scarlet ( hastily , panicky ) just because iowent riding last week '' without ny glove ... . rhett ( angrily ) - whese do not belong to a lady ! you have be work with they . like a field hand ! '' er do you lis to I , and what be you ~ peally up to ? oe oe . 3 searlett : oo - - '' '' rhett ( disgust with himself ) '' |’ eo toy another minute - and I would almost have believe that you care . . for I << . ( he arop she hand as though they be two hot potato , and step back from she coneinued : : | " now , rhett ... i i '' i tupulsively , really move , he have seize hor hand , lean co ce continued ( 4 ) scarlett | but ido care ... : rhett ( savagely ) os . Te suppose wa get down to the truth . you want something from maj and you want it badly enough to put on quite a show in you velvet { woat be 16 ? .. money ? '' . then the mask come off . she face he , hesitates a second , then blurt it out : _ . . ' scarlet . oo iwant three hundred dollar to pay the tax on tara . '' oh , < .. rhett , I - do lie to you when I say everything be all right , '' . thing be just as bad as they possibly could bel and youlve : get million , rhett . . I ( hex emotion be ' genuine 's now and need no play ' act ) i , . rhett ( with cryptic dryness ) | what. collateral be you offer ? ' scarlett ( think , then , voush she sartob ) _ . i '' my earbobss : 0 rhett ' ( qutexdy ) : not. ' interested . , scarlett ( fast ) . a mortgage on tara . . . rhett ) ( equally fast ) : what would I dowith a farm ? _ pe scarlett ( plead ; rapidly ) : . 7 you would not . lose , I would pay you back out of next year 's . cotton . Le . rhett el not ' good enough , have you nothing better ? '' scarlett ( a deep breath ; ' then : ) : : you. once say you love rp ev et you atill love I , . fhe ts not rhett oo you have not forget itm not a marrying man ? pea vy . - scarlet . , a . . | no. z have not forget , - e doss of I . oe rhett ( contemptuously ) '' " youtre not worth three hundred dollar , scarlett , : . ( bitterly ) : you will never mean anything but misery to any man . be , * scarlett ( she break out ) '' go onl insult I ! I do not care what you say ! only give '' I the money ! I wontt let tara gol I can not let it go while there 's a breath leave in my body ! ° oh , rhett , will not you please give I the money ! ~ - - : oe . : : ss continued : 390 so1 '' I could not give you the money if I want to . my fund be - . so you see , my dear , you have abase . yourself $ 0 no purpose . S ' herel here ! stop it ! do you want the yankee to see you like - a st . . rane aoe - make you hand off I , you s. '' you imew what I be go to say . before I start . + you would not lend I the money and yet ant and yet you let I * go on , . : . / .. . I enjoy hearing what . you have to say ... cheer up . you can : '' '' gome ' to my hang . and I will remember you in my will , wd that they may not hang you in time to pay the tax on taras '' 159 continued ( 5 ) | : rhett ( stop she , he poise end humor . gradually return ) . in Liverpool , not Atlanta . if . I try draw a draft , the yankee would be on I like a duck on a June bug.e. : ( look at she and smile ) her face go ugly , and she swing at he with a incoe - herent cry . rhett ia beside she quick as a flash . he control she vody with one arm around both of hers , and clap he hand tightly over she mouth . she struggle against he , try to scratch he face and bite he hand . rhett ( as to a bad child ) he take he hand from she mouth , and she . struggle / . , end as quickly as it begin . she be out of breath , he *f arm be still around she . I eg a scarlett ( very cold ) . ' rhett release she . scarlett arrange she clothing and . start out , talk as she go . be _ we ' scarlett — : : . you know i rhett ( talk to she as she go ) : scarlett ( at the door ) = - I 'll. come to you . hang - the only thing I be afraid of be he look at she in admiration as she go out . ext , peachtree STREET - in front of FIRE house ' shoot toward the door . scarlett emerge , she eye flash , she lip compress . just as she be about to step over the threshold , a voice off screen stop she . . Belle watle 's voice '' fall he '' Belle watle . " . : scarlett be startle . camera pull back quickly , pause first on mammy , wait outside the door for scarlett . . mammy stare wide - eye ' and open-mouthed at Belle . then continued : ke , h t 7 Cone , ; - 160 ( _ ) . 392 ... continued ( 2 ) - oe pe camera reveal selle in she elaborate carriage . she be ' _ # - talice to the corporal . . pion . . on . . . corporal mo ; my 5 : where you be lately ? think you desert Captain butler . _! . ies : : Belle ( extend she hand ) | rarr oh , I keep myself occupy ... help I out . : a " 1 | sst qmee comporal obey . Belle see and recognizés scarlett . . . vat they eye meet . scarlett draw a deep breath , pull to she skirt away from any contact with Belle 's skirt . , ..0 St Belle understand , smile , she go into the jail . scar - , ) the let stand freeze . mammy go to she . : ion . . | . 2 . mammy : yt ' who that ? ah ain ! never seed hair that color before in mah to '' | life . do you know a dyed hair woman ? , , on ' scarlett . cc = '' '' wish I kmaw that one . shetd get my money for I . yo hoe ae : . : mee - wb ry ft 392 - _ peachtree STREET - trucking shot -. scarlett and mami : ) oo sos '' hi ghe pustle . be far great than during the war , rebuild - ae soy ing activity ; dray of lumber be unload in front of pe nee ad __ muin building . building plaster with sign indicat - , vf ang yankee occupation : '' Jonathan cush , mod.3 " - E »! " hezekiah Green , insurance ; " " caleb Adams , Attorney at . ; ya Law . " all this combine to make the 0.g. , a dramatiza - . E , - tion of the new Atlanta . pad of € i . . mammy ; | '' no matter whut dey do to you in that jail - ; y of ( she be follow scarlett . the crowd on the side - i | . walk : yankee man and woman and free issue negroe , 1 , : . urn to stare ; but scarlett hurry on ) . j '' 6 m to oh meat do no mo and you deserve for visitin ' white trash ina 's i df * jas - : 's . . : ; scarlett have hurried on unheed . , as scarlett and memy : yo +. walk down the crowded Atlanta street , they be jostle '' ry by carpetbagger and free negroe on the sidewalk . i yoy . . . . 1 nit ad lib . '' , Fresh and green right off the farm ... ' thatts one of they Georgia peach ... nothin! like that in Ohio ... 8 scarlett disregard this remark and continue walk as though nothing have be say . stand on a soapbox ; .at the edge of the sidewalk next to the street be a : carpetbagger , he be speak to a group which be crowded | about he . of : we ! '' continued : yore | say , what you doin 's tonight , sissy ?... | 4 '' | coum ( 2 ) ce Te grator '' De you know what we be go ' 60 do ? '' a lib whee ? eee " ovpator , . we " De : ' goin ! to sive every last one of you forty acre and a mule . * negro '' a a ane will . : / orator '' forty . acre : and a mule . . ' negro 4 : cooveel ' onator '' ; : . ..s because we be you . friend and you be go to become : voter - and you be go to vote like you friend . do . x ad lib ( to scarlett ) '' '' whatts you hurry , sister ? : '' menmy nee ° waut 's come éver dis hyah town ? : or _ scarlett fet , : 3b yankee ' have come over '' about '' same as they of we . cot oo '' out of we way | ' trashi get out of . the way here get away ! go on ! . : . then , from off screen a tote call . the voice of Frank _ Kennedy . a '' prankt voice '' suredy it can not be miss scarlett scarlett tain , astonished . . prank Kennedy be stand : in. front of he store . mo to . 0 . prank ( warmly ) _y , and memmy ! : mammy [ it sure be good to see home fotk , the a : . , Frank . .. Z didntt imow you be in atlantal . | : scarlett os fae cy : : } = do not know you be . '' . 1 i com over all ae _ .. lumber , too ! 162 continued ( 3 ) Frank : : . do not miss suellen tell you about my store ? . scarlet . ' do she ? I do not remember . have you a store ? co . ‘( he gesture point it out . it be a proud gesture . y . but she interest be not yet engage ) '' this ? fee po tate Bet pranic : . wo not you come in and look around a bit ? '' they go in . memy stay outside look eagerly in at . the window . . cl , . tot int , frank kennedy store | ~ " " general merchandise store | stack and untidy . a lady . customer 1s do business with a clerk . scarlett and '' Frank enter , scarlett stop on the threshold , look sabout she bewilder . , et not woe bt ae Frank . oe : . I do n!t suppose it look like much to a lady . but I can not help 2 be proud of it . os hee ete : - . scarlet ( look at he with a new respect ) you be not make money ? ene ete : franke ao . lo . I cantt complain . in fact , I be mighty encourage . folk 's tell I I be just a bear merchant . it will not be long now before miss suellen and I can marry . . + : . a new idea begin form in she mind . scarlett | oo _ be ' you do as well as all that ? yes , I be , miss scarlett . I be no . millionaire yet , out I have clear a thousand dollar already . , ' . -. but scarlett 's interest be now very mach alive . eer eye , be snap up every detail of the store . she discover the lumber yard outside the window . _ po scarlett . well , that 's only a side line . . scarlett ~ . a side line , Frank ? with all the good Georgia pine around Atlanta , and all this pudld go on ? co " conpinued : " 163 continued ( 2 ) : : , oo . . ' , prank ( he ' leugh coyly ) : . : I have get to de think about buy a nomel : . i carn . . . searlett = 0 -t ~ ! soe ' what. do you . want @ home for ? . - " . oy for miss suellen and I , to set up housekeep . eo a . scarlett - ... here in Atlanta ? * oo wey 4 + ( this be a set back ) : ee a '' wwouta want . to bring she to Atlanta , would not you ? there — would not be much help in that for taral . see fe hoe '' I do not rightly lmow what you mean , miss scarlett . — ~ : * oar . scarlett : . ee , ) :. poo l- fou 2 Z do not mean a thing . , a rr '' pee 's ( out she become more than usually feminine ) . e . Frank , how would you like $ 0 , drive I out to ny aunt pitty 's ? have : i ae . prank . : ° moe . nothing would give I more pleasure , miss scarlett . they go out together . | dissolve to : :' : cs ( exd , the store eel a we '' ro gearleté and Frank emergé from the store . Frank go at ae i = , onge to the hitching post to remove the nose - bag from . . he horse 's head . mammy , climb up in the back seat . 2 not scarlett ( to Frank ) . : : cep think you would better stay for supper tonight , too . I be sure ~ 1 a oy .. fume pitty would be agreeable , and I kmow I would like a good i ~ a long visit with youl : . } . ' you act on I just like a tonic , miss scarlett ! and will you _ : sell I all the news ? all the news of miss suellen ? : go tee . he be help she into she buggy . scarlett look down at : . -- " fam , then turn guiltily away . be evidently upset . Frank be frighten . : . - : . wf er prank mat . we so ! . what 's the matter , miss scarlett ? miss suellen 's not il1 , be she ?. . . will a eect int mammy turn in surprise . , . scarlett : , . 0h , nol no ! oh , it think surely she would write you ! on , I guess she be too ashamed to write youl she should be j . continued : | : ee | - hook ! n.. well , she 's go to marry one of the County boy , next ees . > monthi she just get tired of wait , be afraid she would be a '' 164 continued ( 2 ) scarlet ( cont would ) ashamed ! 0h , to have such a mean sister ! _ prank be now beside himself with terror , he hurry 2 . apound the buggy , climb up beside she , pick up the | rein , but before he start the horse : '' pe : Frank : eb you must tell I , miss scarlett ! do not leave I on tenter - scarlett . : old may . oh , I be sorry to be the one to tell you ! ( with a intimate gesture ) . es oh , it 's cold and T leave my muff at home . would you - would '' you mind if I put my hand in you pocket ? franke be stunne . memmy 's eye be very large , indeed , ' as the buggy drive out of the scene . : dissolve to : insert : bank draught ... se tay ee 'a gor $ 300.00 make to 's the order of the tax collector of ° _ang she signature : scarlett o'hara Kennedy . a bole '' dissolve t0 :. ) . _ int . ball - tara = day ~ winter 1865-1866 suellen and melante have just come out of ellen 's study - and be crossing the hall , suellen be sobbing and Melanie be try to comfort she . : a suellen ( sobbing ) : po , but , Melanie , you do not realize what she 's do . she 's go and marry my Mr. Kennedy ! he be uy peau and she 's go and marry he ! : : melante . ( she arm around suellen , comfortingly ) she , do it to save tara . you must understand that , suellen . . suellen ' . , tt hate tara ! and I hate scarlett ! . she 's the only thing I hate worse than tara . during the last speech camera have start to move past hem into ellen' study where we find Ashley and scar - lett face each other . - . . Te _ Ashley - : it 's all my fault . I should have commit highway robbery cont inued : Clayton County . searlett 's hand be just finish writ- . continued ( 2 ) ' Ashley ( eont 'a ) to get that tax money for youl . scarlett — a = could not let you do anything like thagt and anyway , it 's do now . . Ashley ( oisterzy ) yes , itt do now . _ for : ( he stroll to window , ' talk as he go , he back to scarlet ) you would not have let I do anything dishonorable . Bus you would . | sell yourself in marriage to a man you do not love ... well , at ' least you will not have to worry about my helplessness any more , " scarlett ( suddeniy ) | what do you mean ? : a Ashley . a , > . . itm go to New York . _ tive arrange to get a position in a. bank there . . it , wae . : scarlet '' ( panteley ) _ but you san do thatl ... desperately reach for an. tdea ) . ief count on you to help I start a dumber business = " Ashley . , . I count on yous ' Ashley ( sta21 look out the window he 7 shoulder present a picture of defeat ) scarlett , ita be no good to you . I do not know anything about . ' the lumber business . a scarlett ( erantic ) : you kmow as much as you do about banking . ( get sudden idea ) and , I would give you half the business . 8 Ashley ( embarrassed at deing unable to say " yes , " and pleadingly . in the hope he can make she somshow understand ) that 's generous of you , scarlet but it be not that - if ~g§0 - to Atlanta and take help from '' you again , I bury forever , any hope of stand alone . . . scarlett on ; be that all ? well , you could gradually buy the business and shen it would be you own . versus ashley . no , scarlett . * : tae walk to the door ) have scarlett ( start cry ) Ashley ! ' ashiey ! continued : continued ( 3 ) 6 Ashley slowly go to she . Melanie enter , now with little Beau cling to she skirt . scarlett quickly throw herself down on the sofa and burst , into wild ery . ' Melanie ( sit next to she ) '' " goarlett , scarlett ! what 1s 1t ? vt . scarlett ( olubber ) | . Ashley 's so mean and hateful ! aydyoa og : ( she burrow she head into '' melende 's shoulder ) ' : . ete Melanie what have you do ? ° a . Ashley = | ba she << '' she want I to . 5° to abiente - '' . scarlett '' of help I start my lumber business : and he will not , light a. we ' finger to help I . he do not care if I starve . - . Ashley close hia aye in pain . Melanie how can you refuse she , Ashley , after all shet do for we ? — how unchivalrous of youl scarlett peep out . slyly to see the effect . omcashley . of sy she performance and or Melanie 's argument Ashley pte i Melanie ... ( he throw out he hand 2 horpiessty ) : Melanie ( vigorousiy ) | think , '' Ashley , think ! ( then , pleadingly ) if it have not peen ' for scarlett I would have die to Atlanta | - and maybe we would not have little Beau . ( she stroke the child 's head ) and when I think of she pick cotton and plow just to keep food in we mouth , I sett , just -- ( she look at scarlett , kiss she hair in fierce — loyalty ) . y oh , my darling ! : Ashley , who have , be , take this attack with he back to.us , turn slowly . he look , then speak with resig - nation . . ashiey ( qutetiy ) ' sie molenio ... t'l1 go to atlonta ... I can not ' fight you oth . have he turn , walk out of room . : in he oye ( and also in he posture ) we see the same look we have see when he speak about be lose forever if ho go to Atlanta . : continued : - 4 3 4 | | | ] 397 continued -( 4 ) . 167 . this be Ashley 's final defeat . '' all hope of he ever _ , be a man able to face the new world be go . 2 fade in : | , ext . lumber mill - night - summer . eas zesaw light only boy a open on close shot idle buz . the ground . '' couple of ofl lantern which have be set on '' yo 7 ' rade over . '' pan camera over to board fence on which we see the _shadow of a file of convict : laborer , as we hear they '' chain on the sound track . camera move back to reveal the convict - a line of miserable white man silently trudging through the yard , starve , bent and weary . gallegher '' the side of the building , they be of all age , thing they have in common : all be emaciate . ' the man glisten with perspiration ; to vary degree , unshaven . '' tae man atop in front of scarlett , who be stand in a doorway lead spread , she hand behind she , look down at '' ' terrify Frank Kennedy and a horrify Ashley . '' gourse of the scene Ashley dejectedly leave and goss .. back into the office . galleghor approach scarlet . gallegher . '' here 's you mill hand , Mrs. konnedy . best jail in Georgia . scarlett ( hard galleghor and cold ) but one many of they be unkempt and , a man stand over they , a tough , evil look little irishman - johnny gallegher . . . ing at '' into the mill office . her figure be silhouotted against the : van bes light behind she . she stand like a general , foot . he lino of man , hard and business - like . '' behind she stand a . in the the pick of all the humph ! they look pretty thin and weak to I , gallogher . they be the bost you can léase , mar 'am . and if you will just ' out of ‘om . scarlet '' all right , you be the foreman . : gallegher , johnny gallegher 's you man , m don and no interference . ' give jonnny galleghor a free hand , you will get what you want all I ask be that you keep the mill run and deliver my lumber when iwant it . iss o~ but remomber , no quest ~ . continued : 168 397 continued ( 2 ) searlet * : ey that tg a ' bargain , start in the morning , gallegher . .- -( she turn back into the mill office j 308 ; tn. mill office 7 ) as scarlett walk into the '' office we see '' thet '' jsbley : have go over to a corner , immerse in he " whovent and in horror at what he have just see . : we gallegtier 's voice ( from outside ) . boys. you there on the end ! get a-move ond : diese we hear the lank of chain as the man start away . oo , '' Frank sinidly approach scarlett. oo , | Frank . , but , '' scariett , this do not right and you ' mow ' ttle it 's bad enough fora woman to be in business at all , but -- as , scarlett ( internupt sharply ) . " 7 | , wnat be you complain about ? you never would have : own , '' I amill if I have n's : take thing over . . I " Frank ' but I do not want a mill in the first place and we could not '' rave buy it if you have not press all we friend for the . money they owed I . . : ( look over at Ashley ) ut of . ' be not that right , Ashley ? ied Ashley do not answer . only lower nis head and cover . he + eye with he hand . . lou . i '' scarlet ( to Frank ) . yat be you pun - a charitable institution ? now go pack to the store , Frank - and . then go home and take you ' medicine , youtre not look very well . ( she give Frank 4 Little 's kiss on the ear or nose ) . '' prank but , 's sugar , do not you think you would better come home with I ? . . scarlet ( disgust and in a temper ) . '' creat pail of . fire ! Don 's bother I any more ! and do not i jeall I " sugari " . the . ; '' a | heht , allright . oo ye cont . - he withdraw , pick up he hat , call | to Ashley : | i | Frank good night , Ashley ... ' Ashley do not reep . Frank exit , shaking he head . | continued '' oc underf < = . : of continued ( 2 ) , , a Frank 's ( on he way out ) my , nyt . , she can get mad quick than any woman z ever see ? two shot = ashley and scarlett . Ashley ( look up as scarlett walk toward . he ) scarlett , I do not like to interfere , but I do wish you would let I hire free darky instead of use convict . I believe we sould do better . scarlett ue . they pay would break ust convi cts be dirt cheap . if ws give gallegher a free hand with they | -< Ashley ( utterly ) : a ' free hand ! you imow what that mean ? hetll - starve they end . whip they -- do not you see they ? _ some - , of they be . sieky ~ scarlett . ( impatiently ) ~ es eee os oh , Ashley , how you do run on ! if I let you alone you would have give they chicken thres time a.day and tucking they to ' sleep with eiderdow quilt , : : not Ashley , scarlett , I will not make money from the . énforesa labor and ' misery of other . scarlett ' bat rou be not so partioular about omatng slaves} * Ashley '' that be different . we do not treat : they that way besides , '' I would have freed .tnem all when Father die if the war have not already freed they . scarlett go to he with some gentleness and some 4 patience . afver all , it be Ashley . scarlet > itm sorry , Ashley . but have you forget so soon what it be like without money ?... I find out that money 1s the most '. dmportant thing in the world and I do not intend ever to be - without it again ! I be go ) to have money enough so the yankee can never take tara away ' from me and I be go to : make it the only way I know how} ' . Ashley : but we be not the only southerner ' who " have suffer , scarlett . look at all we friend . they be keep they honor , and they kindness , too . : . . be scarlett oo no .. yes , and they be starve , I have get no use for fool who | will not help themselves . oh , I know what they be say about I , and I do not care I be go to make friend with she yankee carpetbagger , and I be go to beat they at they own continued '' pep no ' : 170 399 ; continued - ( 2 ) ; : : . ~— : scarlett ( cont would ) : j fal . : game = and youtre go to beat they with I ! . cee ' dissolve to : camera be shoot up at two worlmen hang a large , . new sign over the store front , which have be enlarge to twice its original size . the ohn read : lo bony : wilk and kennedy of icontractor , High grade lumber , butldere ! ' supplies : see we for furniture : coo ce . to i be . : . . 5 pae 400 7 exd , kennedy store + day - summer . : scarlett 's voice : .. that 's it ! move it a little over to that side . '' camera move back and down to reveal scarlett stand on the street . direct the hang of the sign , we . the . . mote that the store have be enlarge and be very pros= — sf : es et perous : customer be see go in and come out of ' pe oo the store , . i : so en es _ a flashily dress yankee approach scarlett . co yankee ~ :. ' afternoon , 's Mrs. Kennedy . scarlett i '' os '' good afternoon . - yankee : e Business as certainly grow , aint 's see . . scarlett ( turn on she sweetest amie ) " oo ib '' certainy isess : oe oo i mage oo passotve tor ! : i . : - - i 40 ll , .. close two shot - melanie and soarled ? — Melanie : but , scarlett , youtre do t ' business with the same people who rob we and sorture we and leave we to starve ! : scarlett : '' + ayl that 's past , melly - and I intend to make the best of a shing even if they be yankee thing . * dissolve to : 402 — ' a '- glose two shot '' - rs , meade and mrs . merriveteer . Mrs , meade , . ina 's asa you know , dolly merriwe the '' that Dr. meade actually continued : '' = serene | tert eitnianeenri diet ennenteentn tient no arent [ - a a ( ) | : 402 5 connznued ( 2 ) '' ws , '' Mrs. meade ( cont would ) . g M. ' gaw she '' peadle lumber to that yankee herself ! Mrs. merriwether | , + : . '' ana that '' hant all ~ ' dissolve to : we [ ego cross gwo shor - aun ? pidtypat and india , '' enda ( with 111 - conceal rarr , ge ) T thine itt shocking what she 's do to my vrother Ashley ! : . '' as : aunt pittypet ( tearfully ) * les mote ' and she 's even take to ceive she own bugey ! ont a ce 4 dissolve tos | ; | + 404 ext . kennedy store - day | a gc. soe rhett stand at the curb with nis back to Frank Kennedy 's old buggy which now bear the sign : " wilk and xennedy . " " he be elegantly outfit and smoking a cigar , and smil - ing as he watch scarlett who , unaware of he presence , be come toward he . as. she get nearer , rhett step se so. 5 , forward : rhett ( step forward ) , | ww dear Mrs. Kennedy . my very dear Mrs. Kennedy ! : oe . scarlett — oo , a . ) . ard do not see how you have the gall to face I ! . * mte , rhett when I think that you could have have ny million '' Le outa just wait a little while ! ( shake he head and cluck in mock regret ) ay how fickle be womani ey scarlet , in she indignation , speak vapidiy hitee | a bust - V ness woman . rhett take nis time about he question and behave as though they be something of the great importance . tog ~ . scarlett . mat be ' lt you want ? rive important , thing to , do . of rhett : would you mind satisfy my ' curlosity on a. point whieh have bother : I for some time ? - woe . scarlett oe well , what 4s 16 ? be quick , ©- — * ee '' oa ' 's rhett : . not ee se tell I , scarlett , do you 3 never shrink ' from marrying man you do not love ? — continued : . _ — . 404 405 < '' ) 406 172 continued ( 2 ) scarlett ( in a rage ) how do you ever get out of jail ! why do not they hang you ? rhett ( coolly ) oh , that not much trouble . buy . there 's nothing . much money win /ot ( motion to the sign with he head ) I observe it 's even buy you the honorable Mr. wilk . scarlett close she lip tightly and narrow she eye , but control herself and speak coolly : scarlett so you still hate Ashley wilk ! ... do you know I believe you be jealous of he ! rhett ( throw he head back and laugh ) you still think you be the belle of the county , do not you ? you 'il always think you be the cutest little trick in shoe leather and that . every man you meet be die of love for you . scarlett ( brush by he , 's advance with contempt ) let I by . she climb into she buggy . rhett elaborately help she in , talk as he do : rhett do not get angry , scarlett ... tell I , where be you go ? scarlett I be go out , .to the mill , if it 's any of you business . rhett through shantytown ? alone ? ... have not you be tell it 's dan - gerous for you to drive alone through all that riffraff ? scarlett ( take a pistol from under the cushion of the buggy , show it to he ) do not worry about I . I can shoot straight if i. do not have to shoot ' too ' far . she crack the whip on the horse and drive off , leave rhett stand look after she admiringly , shaking he head . rhett what a woman ! dissolve to : extreme long shot -~shantytown--dusk ext . section of shantytown --full shot--dusk '' in b.g. , amongst the tree , be dirty tent and lean -tos , : continued : 409 . be ; I | : oe for i | . and head pillow against a log , fis slouch hat pull go that we seé the road through the tree on the edge of . 4 come along the road . what do you want ? " . white and black be discover , some loung , other ~ . 173 continued ( 2 ) and around a number of open fire degenerate look munch nhungrily . in the f.g. , 18 , the silhouett form of a powerfully pudlt negro lie with he back to camera , he shoulder over he mey as he sleep . this be Big Sam , but . he - '' feature be not recognizable at this time . just beyond Big Sam another big black be see add stick to 4 3 fire , under a whisky still , while a evil- look white man $ ip a old five - gallon oil can and discover thas - they. are. out of water . pick up a stick close by he pass 1 % through the handle of the bucket and nudge . $ he color man by the fire . the dlack man take one end of the stick while the white grip the other , both exit with the bucket . camera pan in opposite direction , the settlement , and see a buggy in the far distance as . ext , wood road '' close shot have dusk . ' scarlett , see drive along ina buggy , be near the vicinity of shantytown . she glance ahead and casually around as if in fear of pass through this section | * alone , she cluck to the horse and loosen the rein , run ! : pesin the horse into a trot . a carriage robe be over é i -her lap . : : pee the ! pestrwe ere '' ext , SMALL stream - medium shot , = dusk - phe two man , carry the can on 4 stick , be just starte : . ong to fill the can with water . the black man be fill - ing the bucket as the white man stand , attract oy something 0.8 . he tap the black man on the shoulder , call he attention to the off scene buggy approach - ing . they both start up the bank . : exd , bridge scarlett slow the horse down slightly as she go to cross a small , crudely - build bridge . as the wheel of . the buggy start over the bridge , scarlett be startle o7 the sudden appearance of the two man who be come up the bank toward the opposite end of the bridge . scarlett | cluck to she horse , and , at the same time , reach for she whip . as the horse lunge , the white man spring 2 onto the road with a leap , grab the horse 's roin : to and pull he to a sudden stop . the rear end of the puggy have just clear the voridge . . . scarlett ( thoroughly frighten ) continued : 4 7 ci gq bn , J cy ao 410 close - on gun '' 174 4090 . continued ( 2 ) White man ( leer at scarlet ) '' 2.2. 3 - 7 - can you give I a quarter ? a . we scarlet | let go of my horse ! , she furtously lash at she horse and at the man . the white man grip the rein firmly in both hand , with jaw . $ @ % , as he hold the horse , turn to the negro . oe ninste man hold this horse ! . fe a as the negro hold ' the horse , which lunge . and rear , '' the white man cross and grapples with scarlett , who : now turn the whip on he . he grab she whip hand and ~ be attempt to pull she from the buggy . scarlett '' it , put the white man grip she wrist . as the white man 's hand twist the gun from scarlett 's hand , the gun fall to the floor of the buggy . 411 close shot = big SAM - wisi " still in silhouette , he feature unrecognizable , Big 's Sam rouse lazily from he slumbering position , start to stretch and yawn . his hat come off . the faint off - — * scene noise xx scarlett !s voice be hear : ite , scarlet 's oice help ! help ! help — a so ' the huge black - man be attract by the faint off scene ™= " - call . as he leap to hie foot , he hat fall to the - ground and for the first time we see he face . he start out of the scene toward the sound of the voice . long shot ' as Big Sam . run soward the road . - 415 scarlett and white man 2 ET " still in desperate struggle , in silhouette . the exoited horse start back toward the bridge . one of the rear wheel drop off the side of the bridge and be on the verge of tipping over . scarlett , drop to the floor of the buggy , be fight like a wild cat . the buggy be now tipping at a angle . scarlett have fall to the floor of the buggy and be hang to it desperately and brace herself against the white man 's continued : : fight like a wild cat , . grab gun , and start to level oot 413 _ continued ( 2 ) : '' pull , who stand on the bridge and try to drag she from the’ buggy . to : 414 ° . ext . the bridge - medium close shot = dusk ~ ( low set up with camera angling up over the rear wheel while the rig tip at a angle with one wheel off the vridge and the other one move back and forth ; with each backvard move 1t get closer and closer to the edge ..° ' it be just on the verge of go off as the full figure - - of Big Sam appear from thicket in background - he . gush toward bridge and buggy - then for a later cud the leg of Big Sam be see rush to the rear of the buggy . he brace himself as he grip bed of ouggy with ' hand - strain and both wheel be lift and swing one ° to the floor of the bridge . ~ : shoot over scarlett 's back and into the face of the. white man . the rig be now in a more level position . the white man be about to dreg scarlett from the rig as 4 vig hand enter the scene and grip the white man 's throat and a huge , black fist crack against the white .. mant chin cause he to snap back and go out of scene . ~ _ as the white man 's face disappear , Big Sam swing into the scene with he back to the camera . he glance down at he fall opponent , then turn , and go . toward scarlett . the sight of she face cause Big Sam to stop and stare as if almost unable to believe he eye . ~ of : Big Sam : . miss. scarlett ! - ! of woot es + pe this moment the other black crash into 's the scene sce cn " " fpom behind , lock . both arm around Big samt throat a : land . take he off balance , drag hin back out of scene , _close ' shot - scarlett : ce . ' scarlet come slowly out of she daze , glance around , '' - frighten and see the two man off scene fight - but do . not recognize Big Sam , 's . 4170 : big SAM and negro - ( as see from scarlett' angle ) they be in a desperate struggle close to the edge of the bridge . finally , Big Sam land a terrific blow on he opponent 's jaw , and the man go down . Big Sam bend to pick up he body . / . . - | | ! i i ; 's still not recognize Big . Sam , grip one rein , and { ic ! L '' 2 425 " > ext , of bridge - close shot ant dusk j | : ( i ! | 4 | j | | | 4 a i } | : continued : ~ creel wae elt ee é ) / : : : . ~ 418 continued ( 2 ) - lr onl - + '' frantically start the horse . 0 , 419 ° . big SAM and negro .. _ Big Sam throw : he opponent 's body ‘over into the stream pand turn hurriedly to go after scarlett . long shot : Big sem chase after scarlett 's bugay . Big sem ( call as he run ) . '' misa scarlet ! miss scarlett ... wait !... 2t 's Sand Big sen _ from tarai natt , miss scarletss oo * yeprm close shor - _scareee ? in suc : : ' Riding furiously . : . Big Sam 's voice '' Watt ! ce '' to oo be ) ~ 49200 ext. woop - '' fong. suor < | big SAM running Big Sam ( camera pan with no ) : , j miss scarlett ! miss scarlett . , 3 : . } . } 423 . glose shot - scarlet ? . | é { : sem. : ) | : ay Big Sam 's voice a . ie t T 's semi '' / : i : , . soot hee } a : cont searlet ( incredulously ) . - '' > | semi Big Sam ! : ' . . i. wot 's boot ay |. she ! pull at the rein : and the '' buggy stop . Big Sam run ec | : : ' in , panting . . : ' | sfoaty , i ) scarlet ( uysteriea2 ) . hr. | San , sem ! : et 1 | a - bg sem : : , . i be yot hutt , miss scarlett ? do dey hu't yo '?. ue : . , C ) ~| searle tt start to cry . | Le i Big Sam ce pe sa } do yo ! ory , miss scarlet + Big Sam '1l git yo ! out o! this : i . : c } { continued : be - will a oy . eecaer est one eaacecren coventssbiadtimenhentiandetneewabnetttn nant . memnadntcn tie inet inten abit 423° 424° _. . ' hawse = make track ! _ youtre a good boy , Sam , and I will not forget what you have donee ... -. you get. to tara just as quic ' 177 continued ( 2 ) Big Sam ( cont would ) ina jiffy . '' so . ee get into bugey and take the vein . Big Sam _ _ long shot = buggy " " ! Riding swiftly shrough wood . | '' rade in ; 200 . int , aunt pittypat' parlor -' night open on close shot scarlett , dress as . she be when we _ last see she near shantytown , she dress tear and she °° 's hair awry . she be frighten and be bite she . nail _nervously and watch Big Sam and Kennedy out of the comer of she eye . camera pan over toward big SAM and kennedy , on the way pass memmy and pittypat , who be - glso listen . - mamuy be sit gloomlly follow the _ acbivity with wary eye and occasionally steal . glance out of the corner of she eye at scarlett . pittypat sit tearfully sniff at she smell salt . Frank 's voice ( as camera move ) yw camera have now reach Big Sam and Frank who stand near -- er she doorway .. Big Sam be frighten , but Frank be oa i - gurLously and unprecedentedly calm , he be wear a ~ | + Light overcoat , ready to go out . : . prank ( hand he some money ) . oo as you can = and staythere ! : ' Big Sam tes . 7 a sho ! will , ah 's have ernuff to dem carpetbagger . thanic . you , mistuh Frank ... '' ( tum to scarlett ) good-bye , miss scarlett . tote be : + ( not exit as we hear scarlett 's voice ) : — can ' scarlett 's voice : ~ good-bye , Sam , and thank you . : no . we hear the front door close behind Sam as the camera '' ) amove with Frank over to scarlett . Frank , for the first . time in they marry life , be not the henpeck husband . he 4s kindly 's and sweet but speak with authority : i | continued : . S , et . so , 173 425 continued ( 2 ) : Frank : : . : scarlett , change you dress and . go over to miss melly 's for the evening . tive '' to go to a political meeting . scarlett ( in a rage ) political meeting ! how can you go to a political nect - after what I have be through this afternoon ? lo. ( she burst into tear of rage ) : Frank ( lean over and kiss she on the cheek ) now , sugar , youtre more scared than hurt . 3 ' gamera move in to a close up of scarlett , 's nook from z right to leave at mammy and pittypat , complainingly , scarlett ssato all ! : camera move : . back to prank , who calmly puts.on he hat , : '' x X and , as he be deliberately put he pistol in he pocket , we . : dissolve to : - poem '' . : we ' 4262450 . .- : int . melanie' house - the parlor - night Melanie , Mrs. meade , India wilk , and scarlett sit +. around the table sewing . mammy sit by . the door apart . tension . we hold this scene through a period of silence break only , by the tioclce of a clock , scarlett look up and around the room , she nerve strain to the break . point - and finally she can stand it no longer . . scarlett ~ the man talk , talk , talk about protect | we woman ! then after what happen to I this afternoon , Frank have to go to @ political meeting ! g : a she look around the room , out there be no reaction from anyone except from India , who sit coldly stare at she ' with batre in she eye . scarlett ( look at India , she eye snap ) '' and if it will not pain you too much , India wilk , I would be much , ovlige if you would tell I why you be stare . at I ? have ny . face . go green or goneth ? . ee indta . lo eo an , . ( venomously ) 's '' it will not pain I ] what happen this . afternoon be just what you deserve ! if there be any justice you would havo get worse ! - : . ' foo : : continued : ' feel very much the martyr at the lack of attention . — — nobody care about I ! you - all act as though it be nothing : oe a . 179 426-450 ° continued ( 2 ) 4 ' Melanie ( impatiently ) we eo , 1 | on , India ! eush ! . . : X i : scarlett : : aoe : let she talk , Melanie ! she 's. always hate I ! ever since I - take you brother , Charles , . away from her} but she be too much of a hypocrité to admit it ! if she think anyone would i _ bake . after she she would walk the street naked ! 1c : | India have hate too long to speak quickly , when she ' '' do speak , she yord be faite with , venom . ee : : a : up 1c ido hate youl youtve do all you could to lower the pres= .« $ ige of decent people} and now you have endangered the life will ' J of we man because they have get toss . '' : . . . ! . , " Melanie ( fortissimo ) '' '' India ? : to : i- e . now India stop . . will we '' Mrs , meado 0 8 ' a of ' suet ) do dontt ' thinte wetd better sey any more ‘or one of we will be - od '' 2 say : too much . '' . ' '' er : 7 . _ now scarlett rise and look about she . I , a bow . searle * what 's go on seound here zi do not kmow about ? -.. but mammy 1s on she foot . " mammy . : the woman all turn to she , she indicate tks door : end : they all turn , frighten , as we heap the sound of foot - step . : : . wat Le . sousbody comin ! up de walk , somebody gat aint ast ! Ashley ! ' Melanie ( she rise calmly ) will you '' hand I the pistol , please ir . meade ? ( and , as. Mrs. meade obey $ 's whoever it be , we know nothing . . : - scarlett be now completely pawilder . off screen be & of " mock on the door , mammy go to the door and open it they quickly . rhett enter , he do not trouble to remove ‘his hat , bus speak directly to Melanie . rhet . , - where have they go ? Mrs. wilk you have get to tell I ! it 's life or death ! continued : 426-450 quielely , please ! there may st1i2 bo time 180 continued ( 3 ) India . . : do nft tell he anything ! ee 's a yankee spy ! rhett melante - how do you know ? rhett ~ I have be play poker with : oh two 's yankee captain ! the . '' . yankee know | there would be trouble tonight . they have send they +. cavalry out to be ready for its you husband and he friend be walk into a trapl : India : . do not tell he ] Ho 's try to trap youl '' burn . they be meeting in the cellar . / Melanie pay no attention . she be look rhett stead - — ily . in the eye and he be wetuae she gaze . after a momént , she speak : . . : Melanie ( very stoadiy ) out decatur Road , tne old Sullivan plantatio : : mit do what I can . : : . ( he '' go ) - " scarlett . what 's all this about ? if you do not tell I , I will go crazy ! Melanie we ' think it best not to tell you , scarlet , Ashley and Frank and 's the other have go to clean out that wood where '' you be attack . it 's what a great many of we Southern gentleman have nad to do lately for we protection . India concentrate she hatred in a iow hiss . India .. and if they be capture , they will be hang , scarlett . '' and 46 will be you fault ! Melanie ( with quiet but cold authority ) another word and you go out of this house , India . scarlett do what she think she have to do . and we man be do what they think they have to do . . to . ' scarlett ( she be daze ) tey frankl. sand Ashley !... it be not possible ... — of N : ( she sink daze into a chair ) .. tachment 1s hear from the street . . on , conpinued : . the house 13 '' kn horse neigh off soreen and the sound of a cavalry ae - : | continued ( 4 ) , mammy 3 _ to . , . dar 's hawse , miss melly . ' hyan dey come + 1 ' . Melanie sit in she chair and resume she sewing . , , : Melanie : cee as you sewing , you sewing | ee ' the woman all follow sutt ' there ts a imock on the door . Melanie 's ey impose aiactpline , then : a . - 's Melanie . . open the door , mammy . ae door open , a captain and two other federal soldier entar , : Captain | ~ 2 . good , evening , Mrs. Kennedy . woich of you lady be Mrs. . wilk ? , . : i Melanie ( with great tent ) zi '' be mra . ' walk . silence y shen : . . continued : ' ~ — _ ay 4 . / : Captain ( look around the room quickly as the oo + . . search for male occupancy ) 146 y i " rt " should like to speak to ik , _ niike , if you please . : mo 4 . - Melanie : ry * zol not ' here . . con ' . | ee , '' Captain : ' . 7 as be you '' gure ? . . ' ' . . do you doubt miss Molly 's word ! : ' vt yo : Captain / - sy ve . jord mean | not disrespect , Mrs. waty . give I you word , and : '' co => Z wontt : search the house . . . 1 . _ . Melanie .. : to , search if you like , sut Mr. wilk | be at a political , meeti no ( . at Mr. Kennedy 's store . . : ry 's . | Captain ( grimly ) ' ! 4 he 's not at the store , there 's no meeting sonight ! no poli - ' t ed tical meeting : wetll wait outside tid he and he friend be | - peturn . . , i : pog 1 he bow . stiffly and go out . then he voice ig hear on ) # ' off screen . 's sy i Captain 's voice , i sergeant , surround the house . put aman at each door and win - ' dow , keep tack out of sient snong the bush . eee ny : 182 426-450 gowr inued ( S ) ' " Melanie keep on with you sewing , lady , and I will read aloud . . ( she open the book ) '' phe personal History and experience of David copperfield . chapter one. I be bear . " " ( she look up , amnoy , at a cough from scarlett i . then doggedly continue ) : E " to begin my life with the beginning of my life - I record noo i , that iwas bear - " moe | , | 1 dissolve ' t0 : 481 . , °.. close shot - clock on wall * pendulum swinging . . pr lies dissolve to : _ + 452-458 '' no , melante's ' parlor - group as before : melante ( read ) ea ee es - " chapter nine . I have a memorable birthday . '' ° 0 ot " a +> ( she take . a drink ) . . d " I pass over all that hapren at school , until the anniver - | sary of my birthéay come round in March . except that steer - i forth be more to ove admire than ever , I remember nothing . / : - . he be go away at the end of the , half - year , if not sooner - and . be more spirite and independent than before in my eye , ‘.and therefore = more engage than before ; but beyond this I remember nothing . " '' wer above sound track we have the follow cut : _ india' face , terrify ... oo '' mrs . meade's face , terrify . / : _ fram pace , terrify . a | : '' ( each , Close . up ' 4s larger than the other - +. 7 +. scarlett 's Close up be only she eye . ) . _ hand sewing . feet tapping nervously . oo the pendulum of the clock swinging . , of 459 |. back to group " from off sereen como the sound of drunken sing , , i continued : | : '' wont he . 463-483 .. back to scene 183 continued ( 2 ) : distant at first , then dvew nearer - the voice of | . rhet '' Dr. meade , and Ashley . the woman be petrify , close up - india " her eye wide . . Melanie ! 's voice ' " the. event - = " close up , melant , : ' stare . . ce Melanie - = remember nothing . " closz op - '' scarrert ' her eve | move back and forth she jump to she foot . : the other follow scarlet ' and 3 run bo the : window $ 0 " take cube scarlett ( vat from e window ) very ! they be drunk ! . she start forward , but wolerie _ stor ner . . melante '' leave this . to I , scarlett ! and please - say nothing , {she exit scene ) toe no ' indta - vou stupta fool ! . fal. ur . woade sshl . fe Melanie open the dcor , the captain and he man , Dr. '' meade and rhett , support ashley , be on the porch a rhett ( sing ) . versus have ; : " 2 in de cornfield . hear - be , : ' Captain oe whi’ yo shus up for the love of -- Ashley meget des hello ; me22 -- ste so continued : | cc fe 463-483 : ~ continued ( 2 ) al ° Melanie ( like a very annoyed white ) if . so '' youtve 's ' get my husband intoxicate again , Captain butlert | . well , bring hin in . : '' captain - * . itm sorry , Mrs. wilk , . you husband 's under arrest . a Melanie ( quite steady ) if you arrest all the man who get intoxicate in Atlanta , you must have a good many yankee in jail , Captain . bring im in , Captain butler , if you can walk yourself , . pes : 1 . si ) . now rhett , weaving drunkenly himself , support Ashley . oe fi {througa the open door , he be still sing drunkenly 12 jas rhett support he into the room . rhett be also act - h . jing like a wild drunk . Melanie follow they , | and the of # other woman stare silently . b ; - . soop metunte verse , de to at he there in that chair . . . : rhett ovey and Ashley forthwith collapse , most con - vincingly drunk . ' scarlett stare at " sunbling she be , } wide in incredulous horror . Ashley 's mumb '' drunken sing . continue off screen . 4 Dr. meade lurchss into the room , the yankee captain , , a , a 4 moet nbring up the rear . Three or four of he man wait in '' : eee ' she hallway . Melanie | turn . to rhett : : . be pos Melanie woo , fos now 's ' whll you leave my house , please , captain butler ? and try c fof : to remember 's not to come here again ? " rhett seize the back of the chair as bhough ving ' to > gteady himsel ? , rhet ( somewhat drunkenty ) _ing he on the street in a‘his shameful condition ! { | Dr , meade pick up the sing where ' Ashley 's voice have ) { dwindle ort . t a : . be | 7 oe 's melante , as '' gor you , Dr. meade , I be astonished at youl ' | : ( then , to Ashley ) lo. | 0b , Ashley , how can you . do this to I ? t . : c } : ' raett jog Ashley , who make a hazy effort to look bpe to of + - . q ys j3 vo a Ashley " : ne | Z be not so very drunk , melly . - . x 7 on i : , Melanie ( she burst into tear ) '' ; help he inte the , bedroom , '' memmy . Lay he out on the bed as he ; usual . . continued : 1c not ° .. gpatt fine thanks I get for bring he home , and not leav - - 185 continued ( 3 ) mammy step forward , so do the yankee captain . : '' Captain a : do not touch he ] he 's under arrest ! ( he call out ) '' '' sergeant ! be . ( the sergeant step forward into the room ) . rhett , seemingly to steady himsel ? , lay a hand on she '' captain 's xm . * rhett + : . now , Tom ! what do you want to arrest he tor ? I have see > he drunker ! I have see . you drunker ! you have see maeve plete e '' oe captain | will : ss " he can lie in the gutter for all I care . itm not a.police - E jo , man , but he lead a raid tonight on that shanty town where t os ir . Kennedy get . into trouble this afternoon ! ~ if scarlett stiffen with embarrassment and grow shame . Captain be ' a lot of that shanties be burn , and a couple of man wate : iedlle . it 's about time you rebel learn rou gant 's take . the law - into you own hand ! . oe rhett ' begin to ' laugh so hard that he have to sit. on '' the . , _ §0 fa and hold he head in he hand . tt ' Captain - . , tet what. be you laugh et ?.. te. not . | | L rhett ( he be '' deugh ) . this be not you night to teach shat lesson , Tom this . two '' have be with I tonight !. yessir ! . -.. ‘( he roar with laughter ) = Captain with you , '' rhet ? - ( he be skeptical ) . yo where ? 7 I do not '' like % of say - in the . _ presence of ' lady . - ' Captain 2 es you would vetter , say . ue om see . 2 . + ' rhett ae le hs gome out on the poreh and I will tell you . . Melanie rno so yootae : ; speak out , Captain butler ! I think I have a right to know where . my husband 's beens . . : ° a pause for enbarzassment before rhett answer . . . continued : ~ 186 continued ( 4 ) - | rhett ° : : well , nate , we drop in on a friend of mine ... and the captain' . a Mrs. Belle watle ... we play card , drank champagne ... ( a gesture leave the rest to the imagination ) _* Dr meade now you have do it ! do you have to show I up in front of my wife ? . -- rhett snicker . 's , rhett '' : I hope you be satisfied , Tom ! this lady will not be on speak term with they husband tomorrow ! '' now it ts the yankee 's turn : for enbarrassment . '' or ay : '' Captain ( regretfully ) : coot. rhett ! I have no ideal ... look here ! will you ' take a oath i they have be with you at - or + ( with embarrassment ) - Belle 's ? . " rhett ( very steadily ) 's wi pastes '' aske Belle 1£ you do not believe mo , '' sho ! 22 tela , you , ' captass . Captain ( abash ) . '' : do you give I you word as a " gentleman ? . ' : '' rhett 9 i mye = . as a gentleman ? cot . ( he grin ) t wey certainly , tom. on . he extend he hand} the yankee captain take Lt. ms Captain : wewoll .. tf. itve pade a mistake , I be soplt sss vps ( sheevishly , he oye avoid molaniet ) °° - * I - it hono you will forgive mo , Mrs. wilk . I -- . : : Melanie ( stiffly out with dignity ) *. if you will go and leave we in peace , please . Captain ( back away ) - woll i= I say - I be sorry ~ and , well - I be sorry . come on , sorgoant . - 1 he back out , he man ackompany he . scarlet , she '' kmoe , shaking , catch hold of a chair beside which she : have boon stand . the front door close , Dr. meade . spring to Ashley . rhett ( to mammy ) leck that doori pull down the shade , ( mammy and Mrs , moade oboy ) continued : the - | ' 287 a 463-483 continued ( 5 ) ' 1 om ! : . ' but Dr. meade have alieady oden Ashley 's coat and she 's | . : shirt be see to be ' blood -stain , ao ' C . . . hee . oy ' oo . Melanie , ] vot 1 no be '' De , meade es se the tava alt sign se soe | wd oe - + gearlet ‘( pot a ' of : tey : oa . aster ! Ashley 's hurt ] a the . tote , do you . think he vas really @runk ? : po et . Dr , meade : " ' we , itt all . right . itts only through the shoulder ... 1 get he on respect se 7 the , bed . where I can azess the wound . — , 2 ck : ' co j sone but Ashley have revive . j . ' ag " | Ashley } a " eada 2 to nod . : : ' . 4 ue : he get to he foot ansteadily , and 4 promptly collapse . fi a ew | 2 4 rhett catch hin and pick nim up ize a child , rh : : {7 io : rhett , : , co , 4 tet - not worth the effort . which way ? . : ' oe , - va el ) to Melanie ( stand with lamp by door to hall ) — ' / 4 che '' tn here ~ va . . . 1 : . zs up eps wa a the , take . ge ete . i 1 - . Dr meads os ' oa mammy , ttll want some not water '' some boil water , and some ~ . | a sowel . : . - , ' . . cota mammy ( she spurries out ) 7 ama : . : . he : we ie . : af " dre meade '' ; ! '' and lint ' for bandage . 1 | India , '' en fing they . see oc . '' : ( ghe gee ) . to ye ° oa i . ' Dr. meade . { _ now what can iuse for a probe ! ir I only have ny dagese i + ) '' but Mrs. meade 4s stare at hin , 's " toe . . . | * continued : i i '' '' 463-485 : 484 '' the o's . De tat oo . and. she book they in ? ' 188 continued 's ( 6 ) Mrs. seade ' ( a a distract whisper ) be you really there ? what do 1 '' look like ? do she have cuteglass chandelier and plush curtain and dozen of ' mirror ? '' Dr. meade good heaven , Mrs. meade} remember yourself ! int , melanze's bedroom - nicht oe woe , Ashley 4s stretch out full length on the bed . melante uy ee " beside he wash nis face with the napkin which she dab in the water pitcher . rhett stand beside she . scarlett look on from the foot of the bed . hoy Melanie - ° and now , Captain butler , tell I ' what happen - all that happen ! . : - '. rhett iwas too late , when I get to the old Sullivan place , thereta already be 4 sicirmi.sh with the yankee . I find Mr. wilk wounded , and Dr. meade be with he . I have the prove they would be somewhere , any place but where shey be . so I take they : '' Melanie '' rhett Sue 's by . way of veing - an. old friend of mine . se '' Melanie '' ( ner eye ' fann ) oh , z - eh sorry . '' & rhett . I be sorry I could not think up a more dignify alibi . ' Melanie 's candor be never more . clear or Lovely as ' she rise to take he hand . Melanie ~~ '' this to not the first time you have come between I and disaster , Captain butler , it be not lixely that I would question any device of yours . and now I - itll ge and see what Dr. meade need ... : . ( she go out ) . will scarlett oh , Ashley ! Ashley ! rhett look steadily at she across the unconscious Ashley . : . : rhett eave you no interest ia what 's become of you own husband , _ mos. Kennedy ? ‘conrinusd : ee ( ) | aga : contented ' ( 2 ) . ' , C ' : scarlett snicker nervously : roe . ue S. scarlett 's bee bumpht dad Frank go with you so . Belle ' waste a? 4 rhett . ' no . the least pause . . : scarle : where ts. he ? , . : rhett 's ( quietly '' and . ' washout melodrama ) 's : be lie out on decatur Road shot shrough the head ... he 's ' + dead . | . scarlett react in horror , as we fade out . ' fade in : tnt , belle watling's carriage '' = night Belle in large head profile in f.g. through the carriage . door we see Melanie approach sintdly posring toward the carriage . Melanie at we be see '' Belle ( lean : forward '' and '' galis ) i i C 7 telsesetbts miz watle . — ' | '' + Melanie . | ) 4 } oh , Mrs. ' watle ! wontt you cone ia the. house ? '' | be be " belte : | e i a . on , I could not do that , miz wine . _ you come in here and : : | set a minute with I . lo. : Lone tah . i ' ' Belle make room for she as Melanie enter . .._ | poe , Melanie Li '' os ... how can I thank you enough for what you do fon we ? how can i 1 '' > any of we thank you enough ? . loehe | ' Belle | | : I get you note sayin ! you wuz | goint to call on I and thank _ I . miz wilk , you musta lose you mind . I come up here as goon as twuz dark to tell you you must not even think of any sech thing . why , I be - why you be - well , it would not be fittint at all . - Melanie : ' it would not be fitting for I to call and thank a kind woman who save my husband 's lize ? . '' continued : i = 5 . a ) 's 488. ; { aoe nell ene caer pee renee ete een ane nent no neg cage a icitinree ine a tenn the F - oh , notm ! '' ory - but why ? ~ : , wer , itz wilk , I lmow a heap of thing . _ 4 she shot hin , - with ' you ; miz wilk , and I ant help it af z think sos '' well , anyway , I gotta be goin’ . / 190 continued ( 2 ) : Belle - be . ue miz wilk , there be not never be a Lady in this town nice - to I like you wuz ... , about the money for the hospital , you kmow . and I do not forget a kindness , I think about you - be Left a widder with a little boy if Mr , wilk get hang - bet 's a@ nice little boy , you boy be , miz wilk . I get a voy myself and so tees 4 lo Melanie oh , have you ? do he lave | + er s- - '' - '' Belle win : . he be not here in agiantal be , be not never be : _t be not see he - since he be here . ee ts off eat school . its tes . : Melanie : '' Belle soteney to . ite well , '' sawen if istd be that miz Kennedy 's husband 's by hisself , I would not of list a finger , | no matter what = - : Captain butler say , : . Melanie ( surprised ) t and she be not no good , that miz kerinedy . she 's a mighty cold woman and she klllt.her husband , prancin ' about Atlanta by herself , same as Belle Melanie '' interrupt , not anietndzy | but : ftmty ] * you mast a't say unkind thing about my sister - in- law , Belle not Excuse I , miz wilk . = forget you like she , and I be sorry '' about poor Mr. Kennedy ... but she just be not in the same class e , Melanie be distress at this continue attack . be a moment 's embarrassed silence . there beite ( assume heartiness ) I be skeer somebody ! 11 recognize this carriage if I stay here longer , and shat would not do you no good . and , miz wilk , if you ever see I on the street , you . you do not have to speak to ms '' I 'la understand , | : . . melanis I shall be proud to speak to you '' - proud to be under obliga tion to you . I hope we meet again . lot Belle : se eee of , shat .wouldn 's be fit tin ' .s. good night , miz wilk . . continued : 193 485 cont inved : ( 3 ) co melante ( extend she nand ) good night . . 's . dissolve to : 486 / int , scarlett ! bedroom be aunt pittypat be - loss up = . - of brandy bottle + scarlett 's hand comss into shot , lift up bottle . pull back camera = to see scarlett , with a slight jag on , pour drink into a glass . $ not take a big swig - 1 . look over at xénnedy 's picture on the dresser then take another oig swig and tis . she go to the dre - ser and stare again at she late husband 's picture , then turn it face down on the dresser top , the sound of . carriage wheel from outside attract here she run to the window and look out . 487 ... 4 ext , house --( from her angie ) 0 have ee the path to , the front door . . yes scarlett 's voice great ball of fire ! : ( adecougn ) _ tet : rhett !» vase pnoene scarlett _ she run back + so the mirror . - '' gmooth '' she ‘hatr hurrt eazy - think of she breath - hold she hand in front of she mouth -. dlow on it - grimace as she sniff the odor on from which she take cologne bottle - tilt it back and gargle cologne from the bottle . a kmock be hear on she - door. : a . mommy 's voice ( disgustedly ) '' miss scarlett ! cap and butler here to see yous I tol 's he you , be prostrate with grief , - scarlett affect a tragic voice which bely she aprear - : ance and she hasty attempt to straighten herself up . : scarlet 0 '' eld hin - tell he I will be right down , mammy . 489 - , 0 ) ine , aunt pidtypat !s dine room the dining room bear evidence that Kennedy 's funeral service . have just be hold there - chair still arrange in row , the coffin stand still stand , and i : , . : continued : '' rhett step from he elegant carriage and walk up , she hand from she breath - go hurriedly to the dresser rhett stroll in ' from the hall where he have be pace , oo she say she 's comin ' , ah don ! know why she 's comin’ , but -— } a . you do not like I , mammy . : wnat ? . ( she start guiltily ) ce rhett ee the cologne . — scarlet om ps leugh as mammy exit in 4 huff . he hear scar - | '' coe oo 192 continued ( 2 ) , scattered flower on the floor . rhett bend down and pick up a lily of the valley which he stick in he lapel . . : mammy come in the door , give rhett a dirty look . she 's a comin ' , . I rhett : sntle '' then leok at she heprovingty . . ' rhett lt batt wr tae ela ] ( mammy snort ) | : mo . now gontt argue with I . you do not - = fou. really do not . — ett 's descend footstep and go into the hall to meet she . . int . 's hall scarlett be come slowly down the stair . she try - " '' to put on a great show of dignity . as she gee rhett at - the foot of the . stair wait for she , and extend she >. rand to he . he bow over it very low , start to kiss ' ' 4 b , and sniff . loe rhet ( as he rise from ' she hand ) os - it 's no use , scarlett . * scarlett : z ; - rtmy gure T do not know whet you mean ! '' rhett . . will leet cd Zz mean you have be drink . ( go toward she to nook more eiosely ) , brandy . quite a lot , . . scarlett ( bridle ) well , what if I have ? be that any of you affair ? . . rhett ( stop in doorway ) Don 's drink alone , scarlett . people always find out and ts ruin the reputation . ( close door behind hin ) continued | mo : . : 1 293 490 °° continued ( 2 ) he look at -her , amused , as she cross into the live | room , then follow . : 491-500 . int , live room sits.on the sofa . first close the door after they , to '' scarlett , sniffle into she handuerchtse , eross and '' rhett follow and sit beside she , rhett what. be 1t ? this be more shan lose old : Frank , 1 | 4 | { | scarlett ( she lock up pathetically ) . oh , bett , I be so afraid ! rhett ( he mmites} : . . 'i do n!t believe it . you have never be afraid in you , life . os : scarlett ( she insist ) : : I 'm. afraid now .- itm afraid of die and go the hell . 's . . he want to laugh and rise and move away the restrain . a : i _ bimself . then : tee fa - rneth vee * " ow ' look pretty healthy . and maybe there be not any hell . . ' soarlett look up , shocked and 's injure . a -) scarlett ( very earnestly ) el - oh , there be ! I kmow there ist t be raise on 1t ! . i rhett " , . ' wet , far nbe it from . I to question the teaching of chila - : , hood . tell I what you have do that hell yawn before you . ! . - scarlet 2 et i I ought never to have marry Frank to begin with . he be : _ suellen 's beau , and he love she , not I , and I make he '' miserable and I kill he ! yes , i.did ! I kill he ! 0h , oh , rhett , for the first - time I be find out what it be to ' be sorry : tor something ifve do ! . ( she dissolves into tear again ) rhett '' ( not offer he handkerchief ) dry you eye . if you have it all to do over again , you would do i ' wno differently , you be like the thief who be not the least '' bit sorry not steal , but he 's serriply , terribly sorry he 's go to jail . . scarlet oh , Im ' glad mother 's dead . I be glad she 's dead so ' she can not see I . I always want to be like she - calm and kind and I | eertainly have turn out disappoint . toa . rhet : 's you kmow , scarlett , I think you be on the verge of a cry : : - continued : . : | eeenee pte erel ete ten tnen en to nnenecne a sbteea say it , ' shen , and ggt out ! wae be 16 ? that I can not go on any long without yous : : 3 I - never hear of such bad taste ! continued ( 2 ) rhett ( cont would ) jag . ( she rise , furious , but still he continue ) : so ifll change ' tne subject and say what d come to saye scarlett ( then , in '' spite of nereelt ) rhett scarlett ( slowly ; the great lady ) 0h < - fou really be the most iil -bre man to come here at a . time iike this with you filthy .e. rhett ( interrupt . and completely ' ateregerd : ing she performance ) '' I make up my mind . that you be the only woman for I , scare : lett , the first time I sav you at twelve oak ... now you have get you lumber mill and Frank 's money , you will not come to I : as you aid to the jail ... so tz see I shall have to marry yous '' scarlet rhett ( interrupt ) . wout you be more . convinced if I fall to ny knee ? ye . : - ( he kneel and take she hand , , she try to draw 16 J back , but he hold it fast ) scarlett '' turn I 20080 , you . varmint , and get out of here ! : rhett ( play-act ) . forgive I for startling you with my sentiment , my dear scarlett - I mean , my dear Mrs. Kennedy . but it can not have a escape you notice that for some time past the friendship . _ dvhave feel for you have ripene into a deeper feel . < a . feel more beautiful , more pure , more sacred ... dare t name . '' £ 16 ? can it be love ? . scarlett ( gurtous ) . +t up off you knee .. I do not like you common : ' joke ! > rhett this ha a honorable proposal of '' marriage '' make at what I - consider a most opportune moment . ( he rise ) it can not go all my life wait to catch you between husband . searlett you be coarse and you be conceit , and I think this conver - sation 's go faz enough !... . ( afterthought ) besides , I shall never marry again . : . . . continued : jae a ' 195 491-500 continued ( 3 ) + . - husband of the right age . with a way . with woman ? . rhett : oh , ves you will . and yours il marry I . va peat ug bat . scarlet — you ! zt do not love , yous . and I do not like be marry . rhett - do you ever think of marrying '' gust for fun ? scarlett . fo Marriage fun ? fiddle - dee-dee ! '' fen for man , you mean ! '' tthis time he do laugh heartily and she be . frighten ) : . spas pal - hush up ! De you want they to hear outside ? : rhett : have you have be marry to 4a voy and a ola 3 man . why not try .a scarlet : another mane . not - rhett athen , in a low votce , shake , though , by the vio - : lence of he feel ) de. you hear I '' scarlett ? stop it ! no more of that . tale . stop ish '' be. take she in he arm , bend she head pact across he arm - and kiss she hard on the mouth -again and again , till she struggle for breath . : . : . . seaplett '' rhett , do note i. shall faint ! v > rhett : itwant you.to faint . this 1s what you be mean for ! none of the fool you have ever kmown have kiss you like this , : pave they ? . ( continue kissing she ) : | you Charles or you Frank or you stupid mash ? . / % , kiss she again and lowly scarlétt 's arm go around J at. long rast scarlet o'hara have surrender . _ rhett draw back from the embrace , rhett ( hoarsely ) say you be go to marry mee ... say " yost " . say " yes " ! * scarlett ( whisper ) list , then rane : back and . leok ast scarlett open she eya . continued : : youtre | a. fool , rhett butler , when tr tow | I shall . always '' eve | | | of : |. 7 : well -- yes , partly . _ _ | partly ! : he avop he arm end walk away from ner a a few step . ue - fond of meet 196 491-500 continued ( 4 ) rhett - . . you be sure you mean it ? you do not want to take it back ? scarlet rhett recess of my money ? scarlet ( take aback ) . rhett . ( epi at she sous - ; scarlett ( floudering ) uo we1l , you kmow , rhett , money do ' help -- and of course e- I be fond of you == . . bear rot : ' rhett | scarlett : ' well , if I say I be madly 's in love with you , you would know I be y aying . but you have always say we have a lot in common -- '' as . she talk , riess bite ‘his lip and shake he head din despair , with which be mix a degree of humor at ae what het put up with to get this woman . in the face of what she say he have no alternative but to con= trol he emotion and assume as casual a attitude as hers . oo - rhett . : yes , you be right , my dear . I be not in love with you any more than you be with I . Heaven help the man who ever really love yout «ee well , what kind of a ring would you iixe , ny a darling ? of * scarlett . poo a diamond ping ! and << and do ) buy a great bas one , ett . . - rhett : - you shall have the biggest and the most ' vulgar ring in Atlanta eee and I will take you to New Orleans for the most expensive honeymoon my ill-gotten gain can buy . . scarlett oh , that would be just heavenly ! uf rhett / and i. think I will ouy you trousseau for you , too . continued :. ! ee puta he hand wmder she . ' can ' and iitt she face to . rise ' look at - I . and try to tell I the 2 tiatia '' dad you say ' yes im : . t / 197 491-500 = gontinued ( 5 ) scarlett : oh , rhett , how wonderful vee ( on second chough ) - lee but tou | will not tell anybody , will you , rhett ? rhett ( look at she with slightly sour . amusement ) - seti the " ait ttle hypocrite ... ( he laugh , start : out of the. room , scarlett run after . aim} . int .. hall . I . scarlett run . in att ter p rhett , who fs at ' the door . 501 scarlett weal , be not you go to kiss I good - bye ? . -.. rhett , do not you think you have have enough kissing 's for '' one afternoon ? | . scarlett : . on , you be impossible ! you can go and I do not care if you never come back ! vt , a wot de set she turn and flounce toward the stair , peer over she shoulder expect rhett to come att ter she , but . he sameiy open the door and call : : ane : ~ rhett ° 's but t will come | back . oe close . bae door arte '' han and we . | dissolve toe '' long shot - river boat on the MISSISSIPPI a '' negroes be sing off scene and the sing continue through '' the next 's scene . * rosa up - wedding ring and enormous diamond & emerald oan '' ring on scarlett' finger : camera pull back , and we see that scarlett be . ' tie in bed in a cabin'of a elegant river boat of the period , '' dimly light . rhett , in dress gown , enter . scar - ' lett look up at he , smile and coy . she throw she head back luxuriously and thoughtfully on the pillow __ she make & very provocative picture . - oe . : rhett ( softly . and romantically ) . wnat be you * ainice bout , scarlett ? continued : .° want patent '' Im think about how rich we be , 's as you always say you want boe . 1s8 continued ( a ) u er , _ scarlett ( she close ' she eye romantically , and after a second , speak ) . taken aback , rhett can not help laugh nevertheless . , a ) . scarlett ( suddenly nervous ) lot rhett - I can keep the lumber business , too , can not I ? : . | - rhett ( tolerantly , as to a adore and spoiled ' child ) yes , of course you can ... if £ 6 amuse you . and now '' that you be so rich , you can tell everybody to go to the devil '' scarlett , - but you be the nadn one I want noe g° to the devil . : ° sl , dissolve to : int . new orlean cafe y close shot - a line of creole dancing girl , about seven - : eighths cover by the smoke . the Cafe be gas light wet and there be many shadow . pull back to reveal scarlett and rhett in profile across of from each other at a table . rhett be smoking a long , cigar . so . . on the table ts the most elaborate possible food =- a 4 elegantly prepare dove , etc. , etcee .. wine glassesee . 2.7. two .or three kind - and bucket of wine . : '' scarlett 's plate ts almost empty . rhett 's be half - eat - but he have finish . she be stuff herself and scrap - ing she plate , and in between time gobble champagne as though it be water . she be as tight as a tick . '' rhett * Don tt scrape the plate , scarlett tin sure there 's 's more in the kitchen . : at this - moment scarlett see a. waiter go by with a have elaborate tray of pastry . '' " scarlett , : doodk» rhett ! can I have one of this ' chocolate one stutted wi nth '' meringue ? . rhett . if you do not stop be such a glutton you will get as fat as mammy . then I will divorce yous dissolve ‘to : " s08 sehatnt tegen neat stent ttn a 506 ' Don % a think it would be nice lf you buy soneting for : v ( mule ? why mule ? i . '' ez never heand anything more true . * and ono of the fow people I know whoso respect I would like to nvos 's ~ sho say we could give ourselves air ' and '' get ourselves : 199 int , new orlean HOTEL - live room of suite - day - ' open on close shot : of bed and floor and chair strewn with finery scarlett have buy , and with box , . : 's wrapping , etc , there be nightgown , chemise , even - . j ing gowns , fur , . high - heele snoe , silk stocking , etc . there be also a big box of liberally color candy . during the scene scarlett stuff herself with candy - while she pirouettes in front of the mirror with all : the thing she have buy . cen '' by this .time camera be full back . during the scene scarlett hold thing up in front of ‘herself , try on hat , otc . there be provably other business that will suggest itself for both rhett and — - scarlett during this scene with the prop of the clothes . " rhett mammy , too ? scarlett . '' : of ' : my showla tt ouy hor a present ? when she dall we both a as ? . rhett ( tavghing ) sear lett all slicked up like race horse , but we wear - just mule in ' horse harness , and . will do not fool anybody . / bo rhett . mammy 's a smart old soul ) have , , searlett | : . . ' Way t-wo n!t give she a thing ! sho do not deserve it } t rhett - then itll take hor a petticoat .... I remember my mammy . always ' .gaid that when sho go to Heaven sho want a rod taffeta potticoat so stiff that it would stand by itself and so . rustly that the Lord would think it be make of angel ! wing . scarlett '' she avo not take - it from youl she 'a rather die than weer its rhett . that maywoe , but I be meld | though gesture just the samo . . . dissolve to : '' int . HOTEL bedroom - close shot - scarlett tossing in bed - night scarlett toss in bed . : the room 4s dark , light only j continued : i! — — o. { . . ; : 200 . 7 : . a . 4 ° 506 _ continued ( 2 ) ane a ; oo : , dy moonlight stream across scarlett 's face . her eye ' remy | be close . she ' be scream . rhett 's hand come in koe J . amd shake she . scarlett open she eye . rhett be . sit on the cage of the bed .. ' '' 4 os : , * rhett toe : ) sy you. be have another nightmare , . . scarlett look about . she , ' then : tum to rhett with a tele sirk terror . I ' scarlett so : ‘oh , rhett , iwas so cold and hungry ... and 's so tired ! T could not - '' find it ! I ram through the mist but I could not find itt nae rhett 's pind what , honey ? : ° scarlett . , I do not mow . I always dream the same dream and zr never 's imowl tt seem to be hide in the mist . : : rhett : of ' darling ? eo : ( not kiss she ) ( 78 seamleté «os : * rhett , do you think to ever '' aream that ' rive find ie . - ' and that I be safe ? . . ' rhett shake he head , ' sailing tenderly at here = 70 ) e's " ° rhett ... se . 's dream dontt work that way but when you get use . to be safe and warm , you will stop dream that droam ... and , scar iett , imm go to see that you be safe ... : {he hold she in he arm ) * searlett - on , rhett , will you do sone thing fort nme it z ask you oo '' rhett I bae ! tou lero * tt will . the scarlett take I away from here . lo : nx rhett ly . * do n'& you like New Orleans ? . . tota lo . ' scarlet '' - ob , be love New Orleans , but iwant to go home " and visit tara - wlll you take I to tara ? rhett yes , scarlett . of course I with . '' wetll go tomorrow» alt ee a at ' as scarlett hold herself close to he , we ' dissolve to : : . yes . " " '' stain glass window and all . 201 ext , front of tara - long shot - day a camera pull back until rhett and scarlet be reveal stand in the £.g. . . rhett ( moodily ) '' you get you strength from this red garth of tara , scarlet , you be part of it , and it 's part of you . t . | scarlet ( nostalgical2 '' almost with a cry of pain and hope oh , rhett , ro give anything to have tara she way it be be - fore the wart . - '' rhett ( etnaty ) would you ?... then go ahead and make it that way . '' spend what - over you want to make it as fine a plantation as it ever be . _ scarlett look at he unbely , : scarlett : oh , rhett , rhett , you be good to I ! of ( she throw she arm around he neck ) | '. and can we still havo we big new house in Atlanta ? ' rhett 's . '' ( laugh ) '' a . : : and 1 % can be as ornate as you want it vemarble . ' terrace , scarlett ~ on , rhett , »y will not srerybody be jealous ! '' I go everyocdy '' who 's '' be mean to I to be bearareen with envy ! wa sen he laugh . pe dissolve 10 : ond . bedroom - tara - suellen and carreen - | niget : : : : suellen ( sodd in rage ) wee '' I dontt care ! scarlett !s hateful - building that new house | : just to show offi and even baling we servant ] — - carreen be : darling , you must not think unkindly of she . she 's make it . possible for we to keep tara - always -- . a '' ~ suellen ( turn ) - : yes , 's and what good be tara ? she 's have three husband -- . ( seream through she tear ) . . en . - and . I will be a old maid tey : : : dissolve to : " axe , butler house - ( cosgrove ) - ' in the background through the ' tree we see the elegant continued : so ... continued ( 2 ) '' " g0 - 518 | pade dt : . oe eg ee 202 - mew house . in the f.g. , pork , mammy , and prissy be ' stand agape , look up at the house , bag in hand . they luggage consist of old - fashioned wear leather . suitcase , which have probably belong to the o'hara _ family . pork tote & small , square leather hat trunk ef the period , which he hold oy its handle . pork creat jehosophat great jehosophat ! : prissy oe ly a ' tawzeot '' we sho ! be ich rom fade out . int . rhett's room . - nigar - spring , 1867 wot close up rhett's .feet pace . ' the ' floor . - suxrounded by - cigar butt on the fine carpet . as another be throw down , on . the carpet : . . : pe tts voice mnatt viddeulonsl ' Way san ! t I go in ? rhett . . rhett ( continue ) - itm entitle to at least see what my owm child look likey ' camera - pull back to show we that rhett.is , im he roon + balice to mammy ... the door to the hall be '' open oa mammy fale . you control : yotseff , mist ! rhett | - youll be seein ' it fer & long time . : fae ae . — rhett continue : mumble , go over and pour hinself boy . 4 : rhett . : . oh , hush you mouth , mammy . who want a boy ? boy be not sany use to anybody , '' qo not - you shink I be proof of ' that ? : mammy laugh .uproari ously at rhett 's joke . he pour a @rink into another : glass and hand it to mamay . rhett have a drink of sherry , mamny . ( suddenly worried ) : " mammy , she be beautiful , be not she ? continued : '' camera eas panned up and we be . now ona close . skor of : a.drink and drink it during mammy 's ' follow speech . manny . anta - lak : to ' pologize , mist ! rhett '' tout it 's not bein ' a .: - 203 $ 10-515 conttyued ( 2 ) " mammy take the drink , peer around and look through the open door to see no ome be look . : ? mammy ( gutp lb down ) she sho ! be , : oe '' rhett ( sb4ll worried ) * do " you ever , see a prettier one ? : mexmy : : _ .. well , suh , miss scarlett wuz might sy nigh that pretty when she | + come , but not quite . : . will . have another @rink , mamay . ie eo not . . : he take the glass from hér , start pour another 4 ssl deity mammy take a step or two forward toward he , she fs oy : skirt rustling . ee be rhett ( sternly , but with byinlasig eye ) pot . . oo masry hat 8 that rustling noise I hear ? ie bot : to | lat mammy : i . } - . lawsy , mist ! rhett , that 's aint nothin ! but mah red " silk petti - | mo ] oo ... coat you do give I . '' rhett ( he worry assuage ) | sb 7 ( she giggle and swishes ti2l she boge wulk coen shake . she rink ) pee oo nothing but you settiooat I dontt believe it . let I see , [ pull up you skirt . . 7 : ar the '' , mist ' rhett , you be bad ! yeah -0 -lawd ! : - she give a little shriek and retreat about a yard , i modestly lift she dress a few inch to show the ruffle of she red taffeta retticoat . . : . , oan pa dnabegt the bein rhett ( grumble ) you , sure | take a long enough time about t wear it . . : mammy yaasvh , too tong . st uf no more mile in horse harness ? + : mm . oe ' mist ! rhett '' miss scarlett wuz baa to tell you that . you aint ! holdin ! that ' gainst 's out mamny ? rhett : . no , itm not hold it - I just want to know . have another drink , mamny - here take the whole bottle . Melanie appear at she door , woe lc not the the z c continued : . 510-515 204 continued ( 3 ) : Melanie , dre meade say you may go in now , Captain butler . '' ss s17 rhett exit as though he would be shot . mammy ( to Melanie ) : .. : dis sho ! be a happy day ter I . I do diaper three ginra - tion of ah fambly 's girl , and it sho ! isa bspey day : . Melanie oh , yes , mammy . the apptest day be when bable come . a sheee ' memory look nat she keenly . Melanie be suddenly aware of she look . 4 oo Melanie : '' oh , pam '' she 's beautiful . what ‘ae you suppose they ! 22 name she ? z as mammy start to . answer , camera start to move we '' gloser to eer : bett : . Mam . : 7 fo. miss scarlett do tolt I effen it wuz a girl she wuz goin ! to name it eugenia victorial . for the last word we be on a large close up of mambey 1s '' foi , face , and from wher big , black face , we . . - dissolve to : close up = the baby tiny white face ( as it lie in rts crib ) - ~ day over it we hear rhett 's '' voice ' talk baby talk . . rhett 's voice - yes , she 's a beautiful baby , the most beautiful vaby ever . yes. ( cluck ) : do you mow that this be you birthday ? ( lean farther into crit - camera pan with he ) that youtre a week old today ? yes. : ( start to pick she up ) i'tm.gonna buy she a pony the like of which . thisvec ( bent over crib mammy leave >.g. ) -. , veetown have never see . yes , I be . gonna send she to the vestie ( pick she up out of cradle ) '' . '' school in Charleston . yes . ant . scarlett' bedroom - reverse shot - rhett rhett turn , still talk baby talk , move to b.g. : mammy move to crib in £.g. , as camera pan with rhett , continued : '' great ball ‘of firel I have the : baby , | '' ada n'e I ? oo . ' 205 continued ( 2 ) rhett and she 'li have rensive by the best family in the souta . * ( he be crossing the room ) ' and when it come time for she to marry -- well --— ~ ( camera reveal scarlett in bed ) she will be a little princess , camera pan over to scarlett who lie in the nearby bed . '' scarlett ( arritably ) '' , you certainly be make a fool of yourself . - rhett Way should not @ she 's the first person who 's ever complete - ly belong to I . a . ' scarlett a lmock 4s hear . '' Melanie 's voice ( ese ) I 's wezantey May I come in ? scarlett . come ' to , melly . rhett . xese '' come in and . look at my daughter 's peautifud , blue eye .! : , blue . '' teat of 28 that 's what we will call hert : not Melanie : ‘( crossing and laugh ) but. Captain butler , nost baby have blue eye when theyre . born. : . scarlett , do not try to tell he anything , melly . he know everything about baby . . . | I : '' 7 rhett : hovortheless , she eye be blue and ' they tre go . to stay ' Melanie ( laugningty ) - as bine as ' the ' bonnie Blue fl as '' he tt bonnie Blue butlerj " close uw - scaniere - look at rhett in disgust . . close up = infant - in rhett 's arm . mte . ' oo. bade out . | '' weer ntcn weet i teeta ace eniat et intent dante het attain fannie nen | .§20-830 , . ; 206 -fade iv : '' int . scarlett' bedroom - night ( about six week later ) just as in she girlnood day at tara , scarlett 's stay have just be lace by mammy . the lace complete , mammy be pull a tape measure tight around scarlett 's - waist . mammy look up at she mistress . scarlett ry again , manmy . : Mt '' twenty inch . ' searlett 's jaw drop . can : scarlett twenty inch ! I have grow as big as aunt ' pitty you have _ , simply get to make it eighteer and a-half again , mammy t ' mammy ( shake she head ) ' you do have a baby , misa scarlett , ant you ain ! never goint to be no eighteen ant a half inch again -= never . an! dere ain ! nothin ! the do " bout it . . this statement provide scarlett with he most unpleasant . possible food for thought a pause while she digest 7 it , then . | scarlet there be something to do about ies tin just not go to . get old and fat before my time ! ft ‘ust will not have any more baby ! | . I heerd 's aise ! rhett say that he will be wantin ' e son next year . scarlett ' go tell Captain butler I have decide not to go out after all . ( she pick up a wrapper from a nearby chair and slip it on . =f have supper in my room . '' meditative : '' scarlett cross the room . she sit av '' the dress table and stare at herself in the mirror . .. mammy go out , sighing , and shaking she head disgust ~ ly . scarlett 's eye drop to a little drawer in she dress table . she open the drawer . take out a daguerreotype in its case and open it . it be a picture ~of Ashley wilk in he major 's uniform . so atsorbe be she that sho do not hear rhett 's en - : trance . he qome toward she . put he hand on hor _veotype quickly in she lap . . rhett I get you message . mn have shem bring my supper up here , tooe continued : eee shoulder tenderly . Sne start and conceal the daguer ~ sete nee eate be eee eet tent nae atceee than neler tnt nacapigteg coe ne 620-850 continued ( 2 ) . no objection to that , I hope ? . rhett ... ~ yes ? for I hope I do not have any more child . a 207 he bend to kiss she neck . '' she give a sudden , quick shudder . she be on she foot . the daguerreotype slip from she lap to the rug . ' : ' - rhet ( look at she curiously ) — / scarlett — ' no , . yes . i= I mean , I do not care where you have you supper . | _ ( she move to the window , apeaice over she : ' shoulder ) Long . cee. '' rhett and scariess 7 you see ' - well - I have decide - well -- ( she blurt it out ) startle , rhett take a step toward she , his foot come : xv into contact with the daguerreotype . he look down , . - camera with he , it 41 open , rkett 's jaw set . he cone . 3 trol himself . his tone be cold . rhett : : . ' my pet , as I tell you before bonnie be bear , '' it ' 4s immaterial to I whether you have one child op twenty ! '' . scarlett ( face he ) no | = but you know what I -- ( she be embarrassed , '' lower she eye ' then look : at he again , qpottigerentiy ) versus cae do you know what I mean ? : rhett i.do ... and do you lmow thas I can divorce you for this ? scarlet '' youtre just low enough + so think of something like that ! if you have any chivalry in you = or - or would be nice like - well , look at Ashley wilkes} Melanie can not have any more +! child and he - he -- scarlett stop , unable to explain further . rhett look at she silently for a moment , see through '' she . his face take on a oitter little sniile . rhett you have be to the lumber office this afternoon , have not you ? scarlet &t ( guiltily ) what hes that get to do with it ? a : coe : rhett ' se | quite the little gentleman , Ashley . .. pray go on , Mrs , butler . | continued : . | no sorry = for I ? ok do not : imew what you be gallcing about . . ie you be free , and miss . melly be dead and you nad you '' youtd never know he , never even understand he mind - any '' never mind about that . wass , zr want to know be == . ae '' on m86 . - scarlet you 'x mean to say you do not care ? el ew es rhett 208 §20-530 continued ( 3 ) oo meet - * scarlett ( she choke with rage , realize the futility of any future ropes ) itts no usel you would not understand ! - _ rhett go over and pinch she chin plarfaty , attempt - ing : to cover he hurt . : rhett . , you mow , Im sorry : for you , scarlett . scarlett ( with a sneer ) rhett I : . yes , sorry for you =< because you be throw away happiness with both hand = and reach out for sone thing | that with - mever make you happy . scarlet ( pisting hs he hand down trom , she cui ) rhett precious '' honorable Ashley , do you think regia | be nappy with " . ( a bitter little laugh ) , * more than you . understand anything except money , . gearlett : '' rhett ' you may keep ' you sanctity , scarlett . it will work no hardship the yorld ts full of many thing and many people . .. and I sha not be . ionely . itll find comfort sheer : scarlett , '' tee that 's fine ! but I warn you , just in case you change '' you mind , that z intend to dock my doorl — ? rhett why bother ? . ‘( he ison he way to the door ) q2r want to come in , no lock could keep I out ! - > he open the door with one savage kick which tear the '' f° hardware out of the splinter jamb . scarlett gasp , stare after he . rhett ( as see by scarlett through the break door ) go quickly to a table in the next | room , pour himself a drink from a : continued : " 820-550 551 : be always know that most woman be . '' cheat . '' hypocritical and _ what do you mean ? '' . ' rhett ( savagely ) , _ . maybe sol '' but itm through with she , I tell - '' youl I be through ! - Belle you get to bhink of the child . '' the child 's worth ten of the mother . «| . . : . you be a shrewd woman , Belle , and a very nice one , and ... ' , : , 209 continued ( 4 ) decanter which 1s on the table , drink a portion of the liquor , notice the portrait of scarlett on the wall + end with savage insensity hurl the drink , glass and .- @ll , at the likeness of scarlett . scarlett , in the next room hear this as we fade out . fade iv : int , belle watling's place | which be a little too richly apvoint . rhett be pace like a cage , enraged lion , camera pull back to reveal Belle , sit ata table with she back to rhett , noodily play with a glass and listen to he rhett ( pace ) hard ... dut this one} Belle ( without look at he ) oa , rhett ; it be not no use . rhett ( stop ' short and look nat she ae . angrily ) ; / we , Belle . I mean . you be poison ' with hers .e I do not care whet shet do to you ... - ( meodily ) eeeZOutre still in - tove with hers . sand do not think 3 b please . ure I any to say 1 % . . rhett take this and after a moment speak : : . rhett ( look at she warmly and speak | to , : kindly ) . . : ( not stop ) . Belle '' ( aook up at ' aim ) ' yes , rhett ? rhett ( quietly but with a little bitterness ) iwas just think of the difference between you and ... youtre both hard - head business woman and - you be both success - ful . , .but - ( sincerely ) zoutve get a heart , belle. , , and youtre hone < . continued : lc . _ - ~ | et of 210 | cy : - 832 continued ( 2 ) , . - kl es yy , Belle do not look at he . there be tear , in she eye . oye : Belle ( without look up ) = iy : geod~vye , rhett . toy - oo rhett . . good-bye , Belle . we non oe he leave . camera move to ' close we of boll ' there be tear in she eyess wane '' fade we . et gy spade my : : . ext . peachtree STREET - late suiger | - close up oll front of a toy horse ~ bounce of p and down as if travel . along the street . '' camera pull back to reveal that the horse be the front of a baby carriage ( half toy , half baby carriage ) , and - to reveal bonnie , now about six or seven month old , sit up gurgle in she carriage , hold the rein which extend back from the bridle of the toy horse . . Zi ' rnett 's voice " . she will be a wonderful norsewonan .. '' look at that '' hand -- and : shat seat se eo , scarlett 's voice ae oy fiddle - dee - deet : camera pull farther back to a close two shor of rhett : and scarlett . rhett be wheeling bonnie 's carriage ; . , searlett walk alongside in a l1l temper . rhett be ' very blithe . as the scene progress they talk to . character off scene whom we do not see . ' : scarlett ~~ just ' why we have to wheel the baby when we have a Rouse fuld _ of servant lee . rhett ( bow and tipping nis hat with a : little too much friendliness ) good morning , Mrs. merriwether . Mrs. merriwether 's voice ( coldly ) . on , good morning , Captain butler . . good morning , ' scarlett . '' scarlett affect a very insincere smile and nod ; then , . give Mrs. merriwether time to get out of sight , she face go back to its original expression . seh ge scarlett . | | L make fool of ourselves in front of this old buffaloe ! ! ' : rhett ( angrily ) if you would think of you position year ago , you would not |. = : continued : ee . . [ . . ; . . 211 C ) '' 32 continued ( 2 ) os . . rhett ( conttd . ) , have to do this . but as it be , we be go to cultivate 4 : every female dragon of the old guard in this townss . ( suddenly spot someone else off scene ) '' . good morning , Mrs. white . - Mrs. wait 's voice ( coldly ) _ good morning , '' Captain butler . good morning , . scarlett . vo scarlett again smile and nod '' insincerely , and when . Mrs. white have have time . to get out of view , resume _ she lll-temper express ton , and turn back to rhett . aye ! scarlett : o so , the millionaire speculator ! 's turn respectabiet : rhett. . . = all we money can not buy what I want for bonnie . oh , .t?11l ad= '' mit iftve be at fault , too . but . bonnie 's go to have a . | * place with decent people ! yes , even if we both have to crawl on . we belly to every fat old cate . po we ( not spot . another , tip he hat and smile ) . le '' good morning , Mrs. meade . ae lon Mrs. meade 's voice ' ( also coldly ) . good morning , Captain butler . good morning '' scarlett . for the third time , scarlett affect a friendly smile '' ; i coe and nod for the benefit of Mrs. meade - not resume she geo : . '' annoyed . expression until Mrs. meade have have time to get boy yoo . coy out of view ; and as the camera pull back on the dome - i ) lo - tic portrait of rhett blithely wheeling the carriage and '' ' : . scarlett by he side in a rage , we . . 7 dissolve to : ; ext . residential peachtree STREET = close shot bonnie on horseback , shoot over horse 's ' mead . bonnie 1s now two and a half . she be suck ber thumb , and she other hand grip the pommel of the saddle . - camera move . to a close shot in the saddle behind bonnie . he arm be around bonnie . of rhett who be reveal his hat be in he hand and his other hand hold the rein . as we move the camera back , we hear he voice : 1 DS rnett 's voice '' : ee ur . merriwether , I have always have a great regard for you kmowledge , I wonder if you could give I some advice ? the camera move to include mrs . merriwether stand to at the curb , talk up at rhett . she be in a plume i ; oo nanette ecm ent lae bonnet . i Mrs , merrivether ( elatterea ) why cartaiaiy ; Captain , butler . . 's continued : o '' v eet en etic xo nen ence tana a cet et i nan ge no os 555 continued ( 2 ) mouth I kmow , I imow , and she have such a beautiful mow t _» soapt 7 £ 6 qu rhest Mrs. merriwether ' ( vigorously ) é. nlook at bonnie ) . rhett ( sadly , shaking he head ) «| - sd : th , too ( turn back to Mrs. merriwether ) . I have try put soap under she nail . mes. merriwether baht put quinine on she thumb and ick enough ! 's 212 " my bonnie suck she thumb . I can not make she stop it ... — - you should make she stop it . % will ruin the shape of she she rno stop suck _ . rhett ( with exaggerated astonishment and plea~ sure - quininel .... I never would have think of it : . you enough , Mrs. merriwether ! . you have take a great ' load off my mind . good : morning . ° he bow and ride on with bonnie , leave Mrs. merriwether to can not thank . . look after he with admiration and pleasure at the _ acceptance of she own expert advice . along the street to Mrs. merriwethere wasn ! " but of nole nos Mrs. meade ' . good morning , dolly ... ( with pleasure ) % that Captain butler ? Mrs. merriwether os Mrs. meade for course there be ! Mrs. meade hurry ( lean over confidentially ) do I tell you , dolly , that fanny elsing tell Dr. meade that Captain butler finally admit he be honore by the con - federate Congress for he service at the battle of Franklin ? . good morning , caroline ... I be just think -- there must be _@ great deal of good in any man who can love a child so much . . Mrs. merriwether ( in astonished pleasure , . look down the street ) '' and do I tell you , caroline , that Captain butler make a stupendous contribution to the Association for the beautifi - ~ Mrs. meade _ cation of the grave of the glorious Dead ? both gaze off admiringly down the street in direction rhett have take with bonnie . _ continued : as ic 535 554 213 continued ( 3 ) ' mes. merrivether ( proudly ) my little grandbaby , napoleon picard , be go to give a party for bonnie next week . : Mrs. meade ( indignantly ) now , dolly merriwether , you kmow right well that it be by idea to give a party for bonnie butler . " mes. merriwether ( the old buffaloe ) my , caroline meade} : and on the pleture of the two woman fight as to which of they be go to entertain bonnie , we ' dissolve : to : ext . butler garden and lawns '' bonnie , now four , stand watch as rhett teach she '- pony . to jump . rhett be on he large horse and hold a . guide rope in he hand attach to bonnie ts pony + , rhett , be th '' now wateh daddy put you pony over , bomnis . ( guide . the pony alongside a fence ' in the garden , 's : toward the jump ) now watch ! * the pony , guide by . rhett , 's take a " successfal . fump over ' she iow hurdle . bonnie scream in ' delight . be bonnie wheee ! daddy , det I -- let I : rhett aly , right , darling . put she on , pork . — rhett be still hold the guide rope as " bonnie run to the ponye pork. walk after nher a : rhatt wace} up we gol t pork litt she into the '' saddle . L rhett oh , there ! . ... pork ( overlap ) ~ dere yo ' 1s} re ext . terrace - medium shot - mam '' 4 mammy come out on the terrace , she have be pick '' continued : not Im the foreground rhett have have erect a very low bar . |_ 3 5 qt pepe tate ett ~ oe eee cone goce eee ceciece ce ned neta ee bette deena eet oes we . 21 g 835 — «|«=ss continued ( 2 ) , flower , and have a basket of flower on one arm and . some blessom in she other hand . oo mammy ( lapatiently ) lawsy mercy } dere he go againt 536 . °° , back t0 scene ce ong lb : '' rheth 9 '' tae pon grip tightly with you leg and sit close . lean forward and pe sure you go with he . hold you rein properly in a firm bonnie start down the run for the : jump -- rhett riding @ little off , still hold rope . borinie , on she pony come up to the jump and barely make it» eon * bonnie . : wheeel may hs wl . ( she go over to rhett ) '' 2 rhett . . - ' that be fine ! I know you would do it 3 when you get a little : / elder , I will take you to kentucky and Virginia , you will be the _ great horsewoman in the South . give you daddy a kisse . . ( he lean down from he horse and kiss she as she veh mammy ts voice mist ! rhett ! 's mist ! rhetts - : at ' 837 ° '' qwo . shot = many and rhett mmy -come rumning across the lawn to they . '' mist ' rhett * be rhett '' ' do you see herp mammy ? be not she wonderful ? ' mammy ( impatiently ) . mist ! rhett , I do tol ' you and tol ! you it jus ! be not fittin ' fer a girl chile to ride a-straddle wid she dress flyint - up rhett ( propitiate ) . ' all vight , mammy . I will teach she to ride side -saddle ..- and _. i¢1ll buy she a blue velvet riding habit . she will love that . '* mammy ( grumble ) a nice black broadcloth 4s whut li'l girl wear be rhett ( argue plaintively ) oh , now , mammy , be reasonable . . .) continued : sit on she small . pony ) : os oo , 215 xd 837 continued .( 2 ) be ' mammy ( grumble ) cg cc - well. .. I do not think it 's fittin ' , dutece ' 1 . t : loe rhett iaugh , lean over and pat memmy on the back . he ' . : _ turn he horse to ride off and mammy , still grumble , I ; look after he . . : mammy '' not i be not fittin' . it jus ! aint fittin ' , ( she turns.to go back to the house , then look back i as if in afterthought ) / it aint fittin' . wo se — anne : : weet dissolve 16 : : cc 538-550 int . lumber woll office - day - | summer , 1872 , 4 ' oa '' Ashley , very tired , be close the ledger as we come in a : . '' " on . the scene . he get up and be slip into he coat i ye '' ° - when he be suddenly aware of the presence of scarlett foo 4 : lo , who have enter unimown to he , though she look no io . over older , she face be perceptibly harden and she whole ; fos . , bear more mature . : . ce ( there have be a time lapse of several year since we we : have see scarlett . ) poe bo " Ashley * po : . scarlettr '' what be you dote downtown at this ' tame of day ? ' + a : scarlett '' 7 ' well , Ashley , I -- , a wee tae my Ashley . day party ? . . scarlett ( indignantly ) . why ) . Ashley wilk , you be not suppose to know @ thing about itl . melly will be so disappointed if you be not surprised . Ashley . oh , iwontt let on . i'tl1l be the most surprised man in Atlanta «+e but as long as you be here , let I show you the book so '' you - can see just how bad a business man I really be . ( re start for the book ) . . scarlett oh do not let 's fool with any book today ! when I be wear - anew bonnet all the figure I ever know go right step out of my head . : Ashley the figure be well lose when the bonnett as pretty as that one . ( go to she , take she hand and spread they wide look at she dress ) scarlett , you know you - you get prettier all the time . you haven ! 's change a bit since the day of we last barbecue at twelve oak when you sit under a tree , surround by dozen continued : cc a why be not you help melly get ready for my surprise birth i . a . 216 538-550 | continued ( 2 ) : . . Ashley ( cont would ) of beaux . . - scarlet ( shake she head , sadden by the memory of she girlnood ) . that girl do not exist any more ... nothing 's turn out as I _ expect , Ashley ! nothing ! : Ashley : . yes , we have travel a long road since the old day , have not '' we , scarlett ? oh , the lazy day , the warm , still '' country -. twilight !... the high , 's soft , negro laughter from the " . qmarter ! , .. the golden warmth and security of that day ! ' oo scarlett ( tear in she eye ) , '' do not look back , Ashley ! do not look back ] it drag at you heart till you can not do anything but . look back ! ee go to she and put he arm around she . : . Ashley , . . we ' I do not mean to make you sad , my dear , '' coum ( put he nand under she chin and turn she . face up to he ) .. . I would never want you to be anything but completely happy . be : '' he kiss the tear off she cheek . suddenly he face * change as he look off in dismay . scarlett '' notice vthe change in he expression , turn she face in the same direction in which he be look . we cult or swing . the camera to reveal the malevolent face of India stare at they triump ! tly . India raise she head with a sneer and a smile , turn , and be go . @ s61 . | two shot - scariztt and ashizy eno scarlet ( terrify ) - or , Ashley ! Ashley drop he arm from around she , and he eye fall in dismay and fright as he realize the import of the — situation and the interpretation that . will inevitably be place on 1t , on the portrait of scarlet stare at : he in confusion and dismay , we . . ' fade out . _ fade in : : . : : int . scarlett' bedroom - night only the lamp 's be light . scarlett be in a wrapper , '' stretch out full length on the bed . a lmock on the , door and she sit up , frighten . . , - . scarlet who be 1t ? continued : mo u / . : 217 . , continued ( 2 ) ey : / rhett ( off scene ) no i only you husband . so . , ' scarlett gasp . scarlett ( call out in terrify rotoe ) '' come : in . et Le : '' to * rhett nenter . he be dress for the evening . eis moed , ts : cold and murderous . " a8 rhett : will be I - actually be invite 's into the sanctuary ? 7 ee come to the bed there scarlett have shrink back into the pillow and . jerk she upright . ' rhett : err ' you be not '' ready for Melanie 's . partys °° a |. seanlett ' ( terrify ) , : '' rhve get a headache , rhett . you go without m8 | and make my excuse to Melanie . rhett lock at she disgustediy : for -a moment , then speak , . rhett ( drawlingly and bitingly ) what a wntferiver little coward you be ! | hen : _ get upl you be go to thas party and you will have to hurry ! - . scarlett on , have india dare to ... rhett '' ves , my dear . India have ! every woman in the town know the . story and every man , 600 ... ee scarlet - you ' should have kill they for spread lie ! her eye search rhett 's . face , but it be dark and . in - passive . " rhett I have a strange way of not '' wtlling people who tell the truth . eesthere 's no time to argue now , get up . scarlet iwontt gol I can not go - until this - this misunderstanding be clear up . rhett you be not go to cheat miss melly ous of the satisfaction of publicly order you . out of she house ! scarlet there be nothing wrong ! India hate I sot i= I cant 9s continued : ee no en 218 553 554 , 556 - 856 ° ) i= ' 887 ' wear that ! continued ( 3 ) - scarlet ( cont would ) . bo liha ees a rhett , z couldnt 's face athe " rhett wes '' ze you do not show you face tonight yout . never be ' able to show it in this town as long as you live ... and while that would not bother I , you be not go to ruin bonnie 's chance ! ees youtre go to that party if only for she sake , he grab scarlett out of bed and push she across the room ) get dress . ae tey fs oe a he go rapidly to the clothes closet . close shot = scarleti - ' reluctant | and tremble she stand in the ' middle of the - toom , uncertain what he as go to dos . close shot - rhett at cuosge search through the dress . . rhett take one of the gowns from the closet . : rhett ( throw it at she ) . . nothing modest or matronly will do > for this ‘occasion , '' close shot - scarlett in she chemise - tremble - frighten , pick up the dress from where he have throw it . back to scene . . . rhett a pub on plenty or rouge ! I want you to look you pert to - mighty the as-scarlet sit . 3 down in front of the dress table , we : : dissolve to : _ '' int . mslanie' parlor come in on birthday cake . the company , include ' Ashley , Melanie , Dr. and Mrs. meade , and aunt plittypat be pack around the table . evidently . Ashley have just continued : 557 s58 no , you go into the arena alone , scarlett . the lion be 0h , rhett , do not leave I ] dontt -- " youtre not afraid ? . : 219 continued ( 2 ) be lead up to the cake by Melanie . his menner be ner - : vous ; he be clearly under strain and clearly make all possible effort to do what be expect of hin . someone begin to sing " for he 's a jolly good fellow . " +. fhe company join in . of the three musician , the harp - . ist , lead off , Dr. meade chime in with he violin and - rene picard with he flute . ext . door to melaniz' house ( shoot from interior through OPEN door ) = two shot - scarlett and rhett : . rhett good night , scarlett . : scarlet of but , rhett , you be go to < = rhett hungry for youl : ' scarlett I mate : rhett - po rhett bow and go , leave scarlett stending inthe sd - doormway alone , look inside . : oot of . back to . scene iii the chorus be no sooner under way than Ashley take a...- deep breath to blow , out he do not blow because he soy - + gee scarlett stand in the doorway . the startle :. ° } look on he face attract Mrs. meade 's attention . her will sing . stop . then , as each one of the rest of the . j company turn , the song die out . only the harpist . | continue uncertainly until she also stop . . " ' in the meanwhile , Melanie be the last to see scarlett . : she brushes quickly through the tense silence of she : guest , go to scarlett . she slip a arm about she waist , : Melanie ( very clear ) what a lovely dress , scarlett , darling ! India be not able to come tonight , will you be a angel ? I do need you to help I receive my guest , : . : sensation ! . Melanie : Mrs. meade , here 's we darling scarlett . continued : be : ~ to. . . '' b20 C ) sso _ continued ( 2 ) yoy . Mrs , meade ( startly ) '' . cc oe good evening . . . ' ( she shake scarlattt hand reluetant2y ) ) . , ' scarlett ( dust as seifely ) . good evening . . . . ' be , Melanie and scarlett continue through + the room , the . ~ guest . greeting scarlett as she and Melanie pass . ~ scarlett return the greeting , she head high . | ad lib 's | . good evening , ' scarlett ... lo '' _ good evening . +. : 5 | : they finally reach Ashley . ' dole ae " Melanie , ey Ashley , be not you go to get we scarlett a , glass of punch ? , c &s Ashley and scarlett look at each other , bere loe. lis ... dissolve tox 560 _ int , scarlett 's bedroom - same night ss a . wy : | '' | close shot the gown scarlett have wear to Melanie 's , i : party . it be on the floor where scarlett have step out . for : '' of Lt. mammy be pick it up , also a few other article $ of clothing which scarlett nas drop = and be talk i sleepily as she do : ' 1 1 : | I | j t 1 i t t j mommy . did. you have a good time tonight at miss melly 's party , chile ? during above line camera have pulled back and now reveal | scarlett ' sit in she red dress gown at she dress - peo ing table . . searlet ( impatiently ) yes , yes !.. '' now you be sure and leave word ... , ( nervously ) e sg if Captain . butler ask for I when he come back , rtmy asleep . memny : yas be . . . she 's give ' scarlett a suspicious look as she exit , and i se ee oo , dissolve 70 : '' s6l °° int . butier hall - night , it be light with simply one , or at ' the most two , of she , elaborate lighting fixture . we ' see long shadow of continued : ee at wee tee - : J rarr on 's J ' 1s lo ) ' not cod 561 . s62 " $ 63 564 865 566 221 continued ( 2 ) scarlett as she come tremblingly down the stair . near the bottom of the flight she stop short , as she see light come from the dining room , she be dress in a negligee and she hair downs mnt . dine room - ( from scarlett' angle ) a candie be burn on the dining table ' in the otherwise _ dark room . . close shot 's = scarledt - be ee et she descend a few more step , stealthily . and nervously . rhett 's voice '' ( ehickly ) ' in , Mrs. butler . 's scarlett react in fright , pause . trresolutely , say nothing . '' int , dine room - ( from scarlett' angle ) rhett 's face move into the light of the candle . he be without a coat and he cravat hang down on . either side of nis open collar . his shirt be open and he hair rumple . he be drunk . on the table be a silver tray ' bear a decanter with cut glass stopper out , surround - '' come ed by glass . the glass from , which rhett have be drink - ' ing be on the table . rhett ( motion roughly ) here ! fou co '' prucking shot with scarlett scarlett have never see he drunk before , do not know quite what to do - out she draw a deep breath , clutches she wrapper closer to she and go down the remain step and into the dining focm , she head up , she , heel clack . rhett stand up and approach the door with mock gal - - pantey ee bow to she as she pass hin and enter the dining room . int , dine room as scarlett enter . monstrous shadow be throw by the candle on the high ceiling room , make the massive furniture look like huge crouching beast . rhett follow she into the room . : . continued : . 666 | fake ltt do not give yourself air . I kmow you drink on the quiet and - I kmow how much you drink . . dd you hint z care at you like . '' ido note . continued ( 2 ) : . . raett ( curtly ) Lee ee sit down . with ony ( scarlett 13 ' feighten ) . therets no reason way you shouldn' have you nightcap , '' even if I be here . scarlett of ' atant want a drink , I hear a noise and = ' rhett 8 scarlett ( prio vest ) | rhett. : . ( shove the drink into she hand ) '' you brandy ? ' scarlett look at he a moment '' doubtruliy , then bolt down the drink , make a unbecome grimace notice as she do , that rhett have see the grimace - and that he be smile sneeringly . : , ' scarlet 's ( coldly ) you be drunk . ' and I be go to bode * rhett - it very drunk , and I intend get '' ttle drunker before the evening 's over . but ' you be nos go : to bed - not yet . downt * seanlet sit . 's you hear nothing of the kind , you 'would not have come down at you would think I be here . you must need a drink padly ... ( he tne ) up the decanter and + sloppisy pour she " his voice still hold a remnant of its wonb cool drawl but beneath the word she could feel violence fight its way to the surface , violence as cruel as the crack of a whip .. she waver irresolutely and he be at she side , he hand on she arm ina grip that hurt . he give ; ita slight wrench and she hastily sit down with a little + ory of pain . now , she be afraid , more afraid than she have ever be in she life . as he lean over she , sha see _ that he face be dark and flushed and he eye still . hold thoir frightening glitter . there be something in ti. they depth she do not recognize , could not understend , something deeper than anger , stronger than pain , some ~ thing drive he until he eye glow redly like twin coal , he look down at she for a long time , so long that she defiant gaze waver and fall , and then he slump into a chair opposite she and pour himself continued : a aq an las 566 : woman youlve wronge cloak you sin for you ? as it be , though -- 225 : continued ( 3 ) another drini , sane think rapidly , try to lay a line : of defense , but until he speak , she would not know what + $ 0 say for she do not know exactly what accusation he intend to make . '' : ' rhett ( finally ) . so she stand by you , do - she ? how ' dood tt feel to have the she make no coment . tae rhett : mee we you be wonder if she know all about you and Ashley . you be wonder if she do 146 just to save she face , you be think that she 's . a fool for do it , even if it do save — '' you hide . . '. : scarlet '' 0 8 ccf sis ! : tt will not listenl see " rhett yes , youtll listen . miss. hoityt '' a " tead : but not the kind you .: think , it 's just that thoro 's too mich honor in she to ever conceive of dishonor in anyone she love , and she love you = though just why she ' do , itm sure I do not know . scarlett it you . be not so drunk and insulting I could explain every - — ' thing . | ( she rise , recover some of she abgntty ) + rhett ( ireatentagly ) be you get out of that chair once more.e. ( scarlet . sit ) ' of course the comic figure in all this ts . the long -suffer I , wilk ! Mr. wilk - who can not be mentally faithful to _ he wife - and will not be unfaithful to she technically . ( sake a drink ) Way dosent $ he make up nis mind ? et scarlett spring to she foot with a ory . rhett lunge from he seat , laugh softly . he be in back of she and press she down into the chair . . : @wo shot - scarlett and reett - large head , one above tee other od wee " | scarlett loney woe rhett , you << : uf soo , . 3 io scarlett sit tensely as rhett stand behind she . he put he hand in front of 's she face , flex they . rhett , ooserve my hand , my dear . I could tear you to piece with continued : | — pa for ' " $ 67 pon im L p ' a py ' | ' noy | ! hyo. booe | : '' s68 rot | : ) | ' be poo rol . ? . I sel .. 1 eh , i. , 4 mood v } to doe 224 continued ( 2 ) . rhett ' ( cont would ) they - and I would do it , if it would take Ashley out of you mind forever , but it would not . so I will remove he from you mind forever , this way ... I will put my hand so , one on each side of ' you head ... ( not fit the deed to the word ) . and itlll smash you skull between they like a walnut ... and that will block he out . : - - his hand be under she flow hair , caress and hard , there be a moment of silence . scarlett be frighten , but - she have never , be without animal courage , which . support she now . 6 two shot - scarlett and rhett | " seariett narrow she eye and speak ' coldly and slowly : scarlett ' take you hand off I , you drunken fool ! of she surprise he dee so , slowly remove they , and seating himself on the edge of the table , he pour hime self another drink . . : rhett ws well , I have always admire you Spirit , ay dear . never more than now when you be cornere . '' : she draw she wrapper close about she 's bedy . she rise , bus without haste so as not to reveal she fear - tight - nen the wrapper across she hip and throw she hair back from-her face . scarlett ( cuttingly ) I be not cornere . you will never corner I , rhett butler - or frighten I ! you have live in dirt so long you eantt under - stand anything else . and you be jealous of something you oe n be understand , good night . > ( she start casually toward the door ) there . be a burst of laughter from rhett . she stop and turn . ee sway across the room toward she , still laugh - ing . he put he hand heavily upon she and pin she shoulder to the wall . rhet . jealous , be I ? yes , I suppose I be - even though I know you have be faithful to I all along . how do I kmow ? because I kmow Ashley wilk and he honorable breed . they be gentle - ' man - and that 's more than I can say for you - or for I . wetre not gentleman and we have no honor - have we ? moe he release she , laugh , and start for the _ decanter ) scarlett stand a second then run swiftly out into the t dark hall . . — — — at — . 228 ‘oe se8a 0 ° int . dar hall not : | Dog qut of thé darimess come rhett after scarlett . he '' . e . e6izea ' ber and roughly turn she around to he , hold : rhet : it 's not that easy , scarlet . . ( he kiss she violently ) | you turn I out while you chase Ashley wilk - ' while ; you dream of Ashley wilk . this be one night you be not turn - ing : I out ! i : " he swing she off she foot into he arm , he start up | we the stair with she , she head crush against he chest . yo es - she cry out frighten , but the sound be muffle : tot at against he chest . 4 } . '' ye carry she up the stain - , up and up , into the in - ereasing darimess , they shadow on the stair . . the camera draw back as he go further and further up lest . in the darimess at the top of the stair and scar - lett !s cerle cease , . acy sse > , 's for a moment the camera hold the zmpty step , '' ase only with rt as the hall light , then 9 we : slowly fade out . fade in : int , scarlett' bedroom = next morning * scarlet in bed , just finish ner breakfast which be ' ona tray . she be in a very happy mood , she stretch luxuriously . she hear someone approach the door ; quickly arrange herself as becomingly as possible and look anxiously at . it but it be mammy who come luz - bering in to remove scarlett 's sraye : scarlett ( very gaily ) - . how you feel this morning '' mammy ? . well ... this misry in mah. back be not so good . scarlett , pay no attention to mammy 's complaint , start to hum happily the first bar of " Ben bolt . " lo manny '' yo't ack ! mighty happy this mornint , miss : scarlett . - ' scarlet . le be , mammy ! I ami she pick up the song , cthging softly from " Ben bolt " as i " mammy waddle out with the tray , pull the door to out & i leave it ajar . the stair , scarlett 's cry diminish . then they be - : . 226 . s70 | . close shot = scarlett scarlett ( sing ) " she. wept with delight when you give she a smile , " and . tremble with fear , at he frown . " qo ' | as she sing , she adjust '' she vedjacket more fetchingly eo _ over she . shoulder , bite she lip , and pinch she . _ . cheek in a quick , almost forget gesture to bring to color to they . she stop sing and lie back .on she 1c '. pillow , think of the night before , suddenly she be . embarrassed - giggle like a girl and pull the over up tight . around she neck . : ae : rhett 's voice , ( easuaty ) no ' hellos .s : peel flect , co my ) scarlet look up , startle and delighted . '' ; stl , back 70 , scene : 's : be scarlett look up she see a very nonchalant rhett , 's '' be be extremely off -hand and anything but the. ardent lover she have expect . he be sober and very quietly . dresse . . . . rhett ( very insincerely ) , , we of T. 2 - uh - itd* like to extend my apology for my conduct of _ last night . . ° : " scarlett ( sit we in etanppetntcait ) " oh , bub , rhett = : rhett ( satiric ) *- _ twas very drunk and - quite sweep off my foot by you charm . 572 : " close up . = scarlett - : ie . her expression change . as ' ter as she be concerned , this j be the : old rhett. : a . . scarlett ( vitterty ) * : ! well , you need not pother to apologize , nothing you ever do be surprise I . feel year vee De i C . . ok ( oa j 575 two | shot rhett ' approach ' her. woo peel ae ! rhett ( with a change of tone ) . _ scarlett itve be think thing over , and I really be - lieve that it would be tebter for both of we if we admit | we would make 4 mistake and get a divorce , '' searle ( amaze and hurt ) a divorce ? : i oes continued : '' a i a y 1 i. i t } | { t : i i i. ! 227 ‘873 conriyuep ( 2 ) $ 4 yes . there 's no point in we be hold on to each other , be there ? it will provide for you amply . you have plenty of grounds ... just give I bonnie and you can say what you please and I - will not contest it . . scarlet ( reatty | angry new ) thank you very much , out I would not dream of disgract the - famiiy with a divorce ! '' 4 rhett ( who have be quite simple and serious , , . how become angry at she hypocrisy ) you would disgrace it quick enough if Ashley be free } it make 's . my head spin to think how quickly you would divorce I ! scarlett do not answer , she be hurt and furious . rhett look at she , " the old , puzzle , watchful glint in he eye = keen , eager , as shouga he hang on she next word hope they would be -- = " to 7 rhett _ would not you , scarlett ? '' ( she do not answer ) well , answer I . would not you ? scarlett , we - wl you please g0 now , and leave I alone ? " rhett . ' toe yes , Im go . that 's what I come to tell you . '' ttme going» on a very extend trip - to London , I be leave today . a a scarlet ( stunne ) . . '' ont cy : . ' rhett . . : . and I be take bonnie with I , so you will please get she Little dud pack right away . . : scarlet you would never take my child out of this house ! ' rhet ' Sne 's my child , too , scarlett . and you be make a mistake if you yninic I be leave she here with a mother who have not the decency to consider she own reputation ! scarlett ° : : youtre a fine one to bale ! do you think I will let thas child get out of this house , when you will probably have she around with people like - like that Belle -- rhett. stride across the floor to she furiously . rhett . if you be a man I would break you neck for that ! as it be , I will thank you to shut you stupid mouth , De you think I do n's continued : | 575 874 575 576 ure stouse I , mistah rhett . 228 _ continued ( 3 ) rheté ( cont would ) . love bonnie - that I would take she any place where - ' and as for you give yourself pious air about you motherhood , why a. cat 's a getter mother than you be ! ( scarlett be terrify oy he cutburst ) you have she thing pack and ready for I in a hour or I warn you ... I have always think a good lash with a bugsy whip would benefit you immensely ! j ( he turn on he heel and storm out of the room ) fe int. upper hall - rhett stride out of scarlett 's room and crossing the hall ina rage . ee pass porle and almost knock : hin over , . : : 1 olose up . pork | pork 7 '' hevlook after rhett natarty and frighten , * wn. bonnie' nursery - ( suoonve from hall ) '' rhett throw open the door - revealing bonnie and - '' she scousin , Beau wilk , play on the floor in the nursery . Beau see he first , : Beau hello , tnele rhett . as bonnie look up and pun to rhett : : rhett — hello ... hello , Beau . '' bonnie daddy ! daddy where have you be ? I have ' be wait for you all morning ! rhett well , itve be hunt for a rabbit skin to wrap my liter bonnie in ... give you dest sweetheart a kiss . ( she kiss he ) unm-hmmm - bonnie , I be go to take you ‘on a long trip to ' fairyland . " camera start to move in toa ' lose two shot of bonnie . and rhett . " bonnie 4 where ? where ? '' continued : | i 1 i i pee 576 eek tense altadena tetenee etd se ae ei nent deter at nae { wenn eat daddy , dark ! dank 7 there +..ssh ... ssh..+3sh .+. 229 continued . ( 2 ) _ rhett itm go to show you '' the Tower of London where | the little . prince be eee and London Bridge — eee bonnie : London Bridge ? w411 a be fade down ? rhett : well , a6 will if you want noe '' be , darling . a , i son a eg ' dissolve to : the thame - london - ( autom , 1872 ) . Big Ben strike alate hour . as the chime end , the - camera be drawing back through a hotel window , and as - the chime end we hear a baby 's voice , terrify , scream over they . as we get back in the interior of the HOTEL room we discover bonnie in not completely dark room - absolute y dark except for the light fron outside on '' dt terrify face . we hear rhett 's muffle voice fran outside ; as bonnie scream , bonnie 's voice ( scream ) '' ( deady , dark ] Dark ? daddy ! ' " + rhett 's voice ( overlap ) bonnie ! bonnie ! bonnie ! it 's all right , bonnie . * camera swing to the doorway , through which rhett enter , 's he wear evening clothes and a light overcoat . he cross the dark room , the light hit he face as he cross . : . bonnie ( seream ) : Dark : Dark ! , '' rhett : ( angrily , as he cross ) wao put out that light ? nurse ! nurse ! bonnie continue scream until rhett put om a light . bonnie rhet rhett go to she , tenderly ' list '' she from she bed and hold she in he arm , : . i . : bonnie oo i daddy , dark ! . : . the | rhett _ , : yes , yes , yes ... what 'ts the mat ter with my bonnie ? : continued : ___ y 877 savy I i oa beart : oh a bear ? a big bear ? . 230 gontinued ( 2 ) bonnie a rhett = , ee vee : bonnie dretfull vigl ... and it sit on : my chest . rhett nm ? '' ( bonnie 's ' sear subside ) that 's better , he kiss the child and stroke she hair tenderly . she .~ '' put she arm around he neck . he look at she ador - ly , then put she back into she bed . now the nurse - enter from the next room , rub she eye . she have obviously be asleep and be ( ' startle at see rhett . - ( on , good evening . itr. butler . — rhett advance toward she , camera panning with he . rhett ( angrily ) , * nurse woyerl ogee ! : oh '' if youtl . pardon not , sir , child '' be ‘often afraid of thé dark , but they get over it . if you just let she seream for a night or two -- rhett ( interrupt ) let she sersamJ either you be a fool or the most inhuman woman I have ever see ! , nurse ( stifely ) well , of course , sir , if you want she to grow up nervous and . cowardly 7 rhett . cowardly ! there be not a cowardly bone in she body you be . discharge . he leave she and go to sit on bonnie 's bed or on she chair near the bed . . nurse ( coiaty ) as you say , sir . - the nurse turn on she heel and exit , bonnie open she eye . . continued : well , weit , itll stay here . and shoot he if he come back ] . bave not I tell you you be never to leave this child alone in '' . the dark ? . 231 '' 877 | conrented ( 3 ) = CO a i bonnie where 's mother ? oe rs oa to rhett ( lean over she tenderly ) ' bonnie , be not you happy here in London with I ? . bonnie I want to go hom , bonnie 's eye close again , she drop off to sleep , she hand around rhett 's finger , rhett look at she think - fully , lean over , kiss she on the forehead , make a. : _ tentative attempt to release he finger , find it af . catch tight . he smile sadly , prepare for a long ' . depressed rhett , we . 05 bade our . ie cine a pene tee che oe nena ene ene ee epee Rio : 578 7 , fade in : to * : : int . butler house - hall - day - autumn , 1872 :' mammy be run up the stair , hold she back which be 's give she a bit of trouble with the year . ( in the course of the scene the labor of rumning up the stair ;; @lso tell on she , the troubled year of the war and ' the reconstruction , and the effort of they , have tell on she , there be grey in she eyebrow and she have not she old spryness . ) . lo , : metimy miss bonniei an? cap !n butler ! ( call tack through door ) miss scarlett ! to I . oo . bonnie hello , . mammy ... fy honey chile .a. : tog have : bonnie ( start up the stair ) . mommy . '' emummy '' . : : woo ? : '' mammy ( colling ) . miss scarlett dey!s oack dey 's back , miss scarlett ! bonntet little figure be see gallop up the stair : ' , dn back of memny , as quick as its little leg will take it . she clutches a kitten to she breast . : continued = stay . as camera move up to close up of the thoughtful , ( nee : : — — L | be : 232 be -. i 678 continued @ ) oa : ~ oe : . , scarlett appear , quite beside herself with joyous ex - yo " ... - citement . she run down a few step . , _ ce bee 579 ... close shot - scareett . 4 ) ft 1 '' " scarlett , , 1c bonnie ! bonnie{ bonnie ! bonnie , baby ! . a . bag oo , 580 . reverse seon - > ( sana T in kpa , shoot down the foo | .- stair ) . . I | '' bonnie gallop up the stair and rhett below in the | - rhett look ap nat scarlett , sweep off he ' nat | in a. ' wide gesture . | : wh he we ? . 581 °—s« close shot - scartete : she react to this - look back at he in chagrin . but ) m . in a second bonnie be in ner arm and scarlett be they - - , oc a '' ) 9 . brace she frantically . : : pom scarlet . : darling , baby ! be you glad to be home ? '' i bonnie ( show she nother the ittten ) - ' sree teenage the nme ee ee daddy . give I a kitten ' . : scarlet SE ts ~ ' oh , a little , lovely kitten , what a lovely kitten . a _ of , ' rho. oe bonnie , ° . oo . . } London 's a horrid place . : scarlett oh , ay darling ! bonnie where 's my pony ? I want to go . out and see by ' pony ! | scarlett you. go out and see you pony ..- rhett have come up the stair to the scene . scarlett - meet he steady , resentful look . her eye fall .. on scarlet . wb you run along with mamy ... go with mamay . C i mammy drop a curtsy and lead bonnie out of the scene . — a eo a eee ee or 582 ' , mammy say you would come back . '' you mean you be go away again ? '' for a . 235 two shot - rhett and scarlett rhett come to the top of the stair . ' rhett en urs.- butler , TI delieve . . yom scarlet g ( gntting , ated to '' see in ) rhett : but only to bring bonnie . apparently any mother , even a bed one , be better for a child than none . scarlett ( dismay ) ' rhett - pome ee ee ee what perception . Mrs. butler , right away in fact '' I leave my bag at the station . : . i . * scarlett ( ner '' face betray | she 's ' great ais - . appointment ) Rees rhett stand casually , he hand on he hip , and look she over appraisingly from head to toc , and then back again to she face , rhett you be look pale . be there a shortage of pouge ? ‘or ean : this wanness mean you have be miss I ? . scarlev flinch under the first word . now she stop ' in , angry . : : scarlett : if I be pale it 's you fault - not because I have be biss | you = but 's because -- _ ( she can not go on ) rhett pray . continue , Mrs , butler . scarlett ( olurt it out ) it 's because I be go to have a baby . in - spite . of himself rhett be startle and for a moment he supercilious expression drop . he take a step for - ward as though to put he hand on she arm , but she '' twist away from he and he former mood return . only for a moment have the shell ; disappear . rhett indeed ! and who 's the happy father ? - scarlett ' clutches the banister . scarlet ( hex voice shaking with sick rage ) '' you kmow it 's yours ! I do not want it any more than you do ! continued : a | / / 234 i. sea '' continued ( 2 ) oa ee i q : scarlett ( cont would ) wt . , no woman would want the child of a cad like yous I wish 1t cr. | . + be - twish it be anybody 's child but yours ) uo . '' rhett 's expression change suddenly into a expression | have of violent anger , he be silent for a moment , then the .. mo , old impassive mask be back again . po rhett heer up . maybe you will have a accident ! scarlett stand appal . her fist clenching in rage . as rhett look at she coolly . then , after a moment , she lunge for he swift as a cat - but with anstartle . < : , movement he side -step she , throw up he arm to ward - , : she off , and as hor arm with . the whole weight of she _' + , body behind it strike he out - thrust arm , she lose she : balance , make a wild clutch for the banister and miss it . sho roll down the stair backward , 683 '' ano '' close up -'reett' face '' es ' , he be aghast as he see what have happen . : long shot - ( shoornie down tee stair past reet ) po , . ' - " " as scarlett roll over and over to the bottom of the ' . flight . . . '' 685 uss close shot ~ scarlett' face _ distorted in torture as it roll down . the final step . 86 . long 's shot wo . a " she camera Z00 we down to scarlettt uneonsckous form . oo ' , dissolve to : 587 . «|. int , ball - ext , scarlett be door '' morning rhett be wait in the hallway outside the door as . aunt pistypat come out from scarlett 's room . : woe . . 1 oo - rhett ( leok up cncousiz ) | be she better ? . a ae aunt pittypat doesnt answer , just lower she head . rhet react desperately to this . rhett ( pitifully ) | '' jG : . have she ask for I ? : . . : : continued : be " $ 87 sas : dre meade 's loft . . 235 ' '' continued ( 2 ) ' aunt pittypat ( avoid he eye ) z wish '' ' youta understand ... she 's gelirious . - rhett control he deep .enotion and turn away . oa . dissolve Tor _ int . scarlZit bedroom - close shot - scariett '' - nicht in bed , delirious , dimly light by one lamp in the | room . | ske can barely be hear in she delirium . : can scarlett ( very woskiy wataper ) | rhett ! I want rhett ! , the door open , and she turn slightly , eagerly , put in | agony . menmy enter the room and approach to ere amy ( very gently ) '' / what 's the matter , bb honey ? do you call somebody , chile ? scarlett it 's no use ... it 's no use ... - mammy place a cold cloth on scarlett 's forehead , and | as scarlett lapse back into semi-consclousness we - dissolve to : int , rhett's room - bedroom window - rainy night - camera inside against the window frame outside a loose shutter bang methodically in the wind . the window be partially open and rain enter the room . camera pan to the bedroon wall show the shadow of the gas chandelier sway ~ back and forth . camera pan farther to the table where tt be seat with a whiskey bottle and a glass in . front of he . he have be drink end show it , from * the hall door , now in b.g. , come the-sound of someone knock gently . he pay no attention , the knock be be - peate . the sound at last penetrate he consciousness . < : unsteadily he. rise and open the door , Melanie stand . there . . ' ' Melanie rhott ( after a moment 's silence , hoavily , ina dead tone ) searlott 's dead . Melanie ( with a gentle , ' sympathetic omtie ) ' oh no , she 's much detter - * really she be . continued : . 589 yes ; you want child . : continued ( 2 ) camera move with melanie as sue go to rhett . ag she ' Melanie ( comforting . he ) ' there , there , captein butler , you be beside yourself . she will very $ gen be well again . = I promise you . ' be lift bis head pitifully , and we see that ' tear in he eye . when , he speak it be the voice of a who have be tar sompure of self - accusation , ' and whose mind be ciowied '' with liquor . his voice be - there be ing . l melenie be at first utterly uncomprehend and ° utterly maternal , but as the scene progress , she be shocked in spite of herself fbr the revelation of secrer thing . . . . '' rhett no = no = you donrt understante she never want this ' baby , melente nos want . a baby ? why , every woman . want a baby - - rhett . . . but she do not , not my child : she tell I she do not want any more child - and I want . to hurt she becsuse ' she hed hurt maf I want to - and it .. do ee Melanie hush , Captain butler , you must not tell I this thing , '' it 's not fit . rhett ey needless of she interrup tion I dadn' know about this baby until the other dey - when she fall , if it would only kmown I ?d have come straight home - whether she want I home or not . Melanie well , of course you would . rhett - and then when she tell = = there on the step - what '' ata I do ? - what do I say ? 7 deugh and I say -- ° ( he break ) Melanie . but you do nit meen it , . I know you didnt mean it . at but I do mean iti I be crazy with jealousy ! she 's never care for maj I thous I could make she care . bub I could n'* Melanie you be so wrong . scarlett love you . a great deal = mich more 's than she kmov . conrinved : move t& he , she realize that he be completely break . toay the struggle we be go through to keep from cryr — — — 7 | 589 jp he 590 / continued ( 3 ) i 7 237 rhett ( pitifully nopeful ) ‘ore that be only true , I could wait forever . '' ig she would 's only we forgive I ! forget this ever nappen ... . Melanie ( stroking he hair ) she will , you mist be patient ... — lo : rhett ( he momentary hove vanish as he suddenly recollect ) . no , nol. , .. it 's not possible ! you do not understand ... if you fee lmaw who she really iove = but you ! woulda ! s| believe etee - - ( leek into she eye ) : _ Melanie ( after a moment tg '' silence meeting he . gaze squarely ) surely . ' you have not listen to idle gossip ? .«.. no , Captain . opeer . toe {she shake she head ) . no weal would not believe it . ( he lower he eye . she stroke hts hat ) '' . there , there , scarlett ' !s go to get well . and there can .. be other baby , , ms . . rhett , . no , no . she could not ... sven if she. want tos , eafter what . she js be through ... . . . os . Melanie a but of course she could . itm go to -- rhett look at she , amaze . — rhett : . no , miss melly . . you must not risk at it 's too dangerous . " a 's Melanie Children be life renewing itself , Captain sutler ... and when life do that , danger seem very unimportant . 7 . rhett ( look up at - ner slowly = move , - : touch , comfort , quiete ) : itye never before know anyone who be really brave ] I oray God thing go well with you , miss : melly , and I fant to thank you for all you have do for I , and for scarlett , from uy heart I thank you . - ee take she hand and kiss it . she lay she other hand on he head as though in benediction . '' fade our , pade it we ext , butter terrace and garden - long seot - day - ( cosgrove ) scarlett , dress in a blue negligee , be stretch ous continued : 590 continued ( 2 ) . in a easy chair with blanket around she and : pillow at she back , rhett enter from the house . . mammy , . miss scarlet 's feelin’ a heap bettah today , mist ! rhett . rhett soo soba tt tie thank you , mamny . 7 lo. '' closs two shot - rhett and scarlett ...0n@ look as he approach she , turn she face , and | , shrink away from he , a moment of silence , then : St '' . I have come to ask you forgiveness . '' to the hore that we can give we life together another chance . ' he be contrite , simple , serious - completely without any affectation of oynicism or any distruat of soarlett . he . = the simple and most sincere he have be in he whole Le . " scarlett ( withous look at he , sarcastically ) ~ we life - together ? when do we ever have a life together ? rhett lower he eyss . he ts determine to take full blame and not to let anything scarlett may say to he '' 7 upset he final hope . 0 woe - rhett : yes , you be right . but I be sure if we could only try again = we could be happy . scarlett - what be there to make we happy now ? rhett ( simply ) well , there 's - there 's bonnie ... and .. ( quietly and simply ) - I love you , scarlett , ' scarlett ( jeeringly ) when do you discover that ? ' rhett I have always love you , but you have never give I a chance 's to show ltese he speech scarlett have . be move " ust a ' shade , despite she will not to be move . scarlett ( after a moment , not so oitterly ) well - just what do you want I to do ? : continued : ' scarlet be pale and draw from the agentes of the mis - a , carriage from which she be recuperate . she give rnett ( et , '' or know what you be think . and do not try to bring bonnie -. about I -- ' but she love you --. continued ( 2 ) oo rhet . to begin with . .. give up she mill , scarlet , we will go away , weti take bonnie with we , and we will nave another honeymoon , scarlett ( indignantly , she momentary softness explode ) ' give up the mill ! but why should I ? it 's make more money than it ever do ! : . rhett ( petientiy ) . yes = I -kmow . but - we do nft need it . sell it . ' or better | both sr " we it to Ashley , Melanie 's teen such a friend to oth of we == rr : . scarlet to : Melanie ! always Melanie ! if you would only think alittle more rhett I be think of you . and . I be 2 think that - well - _maybe it 's the mill that 's take ' you away from I - and from bonnie . scarlett ( plow up ) inte this , you be the one that 's salce she away from I . rhet scarlett ( not listentag ) you have do everything possible to make she love you and not '' I . why , she 's so spoiled now that -. 592 bonnie 's voice mommy ! daddy ! watch I J they look off . ext , garden and terrace bonnie on she pony , call to they from the garden . she '' sis riding side - saddle now , and wear a blue velvet rid - ing habit with long , flow skirt and a plume hat . scarlett . we be watch sort . ( she look at bonnie sentsingiz ) you be mighty pretty , precious , : : . bonnie ( generously ) : . so be ( tous eae itm go to jump . watch I , daday ! - rhett I dont think you ought to do much jump yet , bonnie . remember you have just learn to ride side -saddle . . continued : Lee 2 > simile ( . . . taneous rhet ( solerantly ) jy ( no , bonnie , '' you cant . see , close seot - scarlett and rhett settee a ) 240 $ 92 continued ( 2 ) bonnie iwill so jump : I can jump vetter than ever ' cause I have grow , and ive move the tar higher . -- : -' scarlett ( alarmed ) almost ( do not let she do it , rhett . , but bonnie , unheed , gallop away toward the : jump . '' rhett ( with a laugh ; call after ner ) " welt ; - it you fall off , do not cry and olame I . sss closs shot - bonnie | . stick she heel into the pony rib and start across the Grounds ; emit a terrific tell . . lo she condition permit rhett , stop her} . . ' sin , rhett look at scarlett , realize she be seriously : cone . a . cern , turn , , - and shout : eo : . . rhett bonnie ! : ( more insistently ) ' bonniel : 595 : close up - bonnis her eye blaze gelightedly in anticipation of the sarid she be about to get from the jump . bonnie wateh me ft 596 : close shot - scarlett 2 _. , she sink back in she chair . ro scarlet ( with : annoyance ) dust like pal - : suddenly terror come into she face as she realize the : parallel ... instinctively she know what be about to happen . scarlett ( terrify ) just like pa! continued : scarlett ( rise and protest as strongly as i ! { : i i i ! : s96 597 598 '' 599 600 continued ( 2 ) g bub it be too late . we hear * Rhee ot terrify voice : '' rhettts voice '' bonnie ! bonnie ! bonnie ! . scarlett scream . ° 7 angle at 's the eurdle so . fine as the , poriy run up to ' the hurdle , he stop short and bonnie be throw over he head , she little bedy hit '' sot : . the ground flat on its back . the pony turn and gallop -. off in panic , kick up splint er from the shatteréd bar with he hoof , he : " close shot - near the jump bonnie 's : bedy lie in front of the jump ' splinter of ' 4 wood - from the hurdle beside she . her face be cut and . star , she eye be close . she be dead . as rhett *.. pun in and pick up the little body , say : , have rhett bonniel : bonnie ! '' fade oud . | pade in : | : _ ext . door to butler house - close . shot - SMALL spray of white rosebuds with whit crepe streamer - night camera pull back to reveal Melanie stand wait nervously outside the door , the door open and she be admit ty manny , who be dress entirely in biack , she face pucker in sad bewilderment , '' lawsy , miss melly , ah sho be glad you have come ! int . hall as Melanie enter and mammy close the door behind she . she help Melanie shed she wrap and glove , Melanie talk the while : Melanie ( sadly , look around ) '' ony memmy , this house will not seem the same without bonnie ... ' hew 'ts miss scarlett bear up ? mammy miss melly , disyere do break she heart . but ab dint fetch you here on miss scarlett 's account . whut that chile get ter stand , de good lawd give she strength ter stand . it 's miss rhett ah 's worried ' pout . . '' continued : of stop , mammy ! do not tell I any nore ! . of ' oh , mammy ! 242 continued ( 2 ) . mammy ( cont would ) : : : ( tear flow down she face ; she lift the hem of she oo black ' skirt and dry she eye ) ee do lose he mind dese last couple o! day . Melanie oy no , memmy ! mol mammy start toward the stair and Melanie accompany . she , camera following with they , ~ . ah ain ! never seed no man , black or white , set sech a store by any chile . when doctah meade say she neck break ... ( she stop at the memory of the awful moment ) ( '' j.mist ! rhett grab he gun and run out dere a ! shoot that : po ! pony = a ! fer a minit ah think he gwine shoot hisseff , . tear fall again but . this time mammy do not bother to wipe they away . tear come to Melanie 's eye also , Melanie * iy poor Captain butler ! 's - yastm . an! mise scarlett , she call he a murderer fer teach - int that chile to jump . she say , " you give I mah baby whut vyou killt . " and de he - say miss scarlett be not neber keer - nuthin’ thous miss : bonnie ... it lak ter turn mah blood cold . de thing dey say ter one ' nother . . Melanie mamny an! that night , mist ' rhett he lock hisseft ' in de muss try wid miss bonnie ant he would n'! even open de do ! when miss scarlet beat on it ant hollere ter he , an! that 's de way it 's be fer two whole day . : , I lanie ( horror-stricken ) ! mammy ( neds ominously and '' ghiver ) " ant de dis evenin ' miss scarlet she shout through de do ! a ! she say that de fune 'l set fer termorrer mawnin ' a ! he say , " you try that a ? ah kill you termorrer , do you think a 's gvine '' pus mah chile in de dahk when she 's so skeer of eet itemny . and Melanie have ' reach the head of the stair , and the scene continue on the landing . Melanie ( distract and erief stricken hersel ! ) mammy , mammy , he have lose he mind ! . continued : sne ae eee os ee | — be ft . i : . : : 245 '' S | 600 continued ( 3 ) - os i : : . '' 4 . : memny . yas be , it 's de gawd 's truft .. '' ee ' ain ! giine re we oury that yo 1 - sbe L '' you gotter help we , miss melly . v4 of po Melanie but I can not intrude . > memny ef you cain ! help we , who. kin ? mist ! rhett always set & great ' store oy yo ! ' tpinion . please , miss melly . . _ Melanie steel herself , terrify at the prospect of et what she have to do , nut realize that shs mist do it . . : - she stand a moment while mammy look at she pleadingly . Melanie rt do what I 's can , mammy . 1 , , ( she go to the door of rhett !s room and knock : softly ) - : . . . . '' rhett ! voice , get away be from that door and leave we alone ! | n poe ' ' Melanie ( she knock again ) '' a 1 se thts lie . ' wilk , Captain eutler , please let I in . I have . ' come - to see bonnie , a pause , then the door be nopen quickly from within and the drunken bulk of rhett 's figure , he face unshaven , ee * haggard , look huge and dark against the blaze forest ! $ ao : of candle around bonnie 's bier . grotesaue shadow play . . on the gaily decorate wall of the nursery . mamny . - , shrink back into the window recess of the landing as . ' rhett look down on Melanie for a moment ; then grasp she arm and pull she into the room , shutting the door , .. . mammy emerge , watch a second , and then slowly , pon - derously , sink down on she knee , raise she hand and she eye in prayer . por . memo oh , '' lawd , please he 's mist ? '' rheté in dis hour of he grief . he 'p he , lawd ! dissolve to : 60l ' int . hall - close shot - nursery door - later that nigst i ? ay open and Melanie slip out . before she close the : door quietly behind she , we see rhett 's figure in the background in the nursery , seat next to . the bier , nis i '' : . head rest on he arm . mammy step forward to Melanie oot ' from where she have be sit in the recess , molanie i { '' ; . ‘~ stand sway a little , support herself on the door oe ii 's kmob . she speak steadily , but seemingly with a little difficulty . ws : : : _ continued : i  ? 601 605 _ but - 2 '' where be my mother go away $ 0 ? and why can not I go along ; ! 244 continued ( 2 ) Melanie memmy , I want you to go and make a good déal of strong coffee and oring be up to Captain butler . I will go and see miss . carlett ... manny 's ( oagee | for news of what have happen ) Melanie Captain butler . be quite willing for the fumeral ... of take .place ..- tomorrow morning ... . I the steadiness of she voice . ' have not waver '' but the | volume have diminish . ' y ( raise she yea ) . hallelujah ! ae tepook de angel fight on ye ! side , miss “* melly . hallelujah ! she lower she eye just in time to see Melanie struggle . - obo avoid collapse . Melanie fall forward on the floor . mammy ( terrify ) miss melly ! miss melly ! miss melly ! miss melly ! mise melly ! she quickly stoops down and put she arm around Melanie for support . . close two shot Melanie open ner. eye . even now she . competence assert ltself . : . . Melanie - . send for Doctor meade , mammy . and try - try to. get I home . ( she close she eye again ) mammy miss melly ! miss melly ! dissolve to : '' int , melants' parlor = night uc '' 4 aunt pittypat , scarlett , and India sit at the table . aunt pistypas dab she eye . India be rigid , rhett sit apart . there be a fire in the grate . a moment of '' silence then Ashley walk out from Melanie 's room carry - - ing he sobbing son . Beau please ? : i Ashley i we can not ainay go along , Beau , much as we may want to . i continued : i ia ; i he i i L i i | { 1 | | | " you meew that , too , . way do I have to go back to bea ? it 's ' nomn , '' Ze tent ) really morning yet . you may ' ' come in : now , scarlett . continued ( 2 ) . . Ashley ( cont would ) you be go back to bed now , he start across the room to take Beau cack to he bed , . , scarlett turn to rhett . . scarlett ( a whisper ) or , " rett. she can not be dying she can not bel ? rhett ( low ) she hesntt you strength . she 's never have any strength , she 's never have anything but heart . Ashley ( look back over he chowder , to ruste ) Beau Ashley ( he exit ) ? Dr. ' meade enter from fhe nedroom : ' dr? meade India ( go to the doctor and put she hand on he sleeve ) Doctor , please let I see she . I have be wait for two whole day and I have get to tell ker - that I be wrong about some thing . Dr. meade she kmow you be wrong , turn to scarlet . she want to ' see scarlett . hp ( he lead scarlett into the - santrar ! '' raltway mte se ae rhe Dr. meade and scarlett enter . : Dr. meade : miss ' melly 's go to die in peace , I will not have you ease you conscience tell she thing that make no difference now ] you understand ? scarlett stop he with a gesture . Dr. meade give she a little push into the bedroom and close the door after she . int , melanie' bedroom Melanie be lie very still on the bed . her close eye continued , Ashley ... 246 continued ( 2 ) . be sink in twin ' purple circle , her face be a waxy '' yellow , scarlet tiptoe across the room to the quiet figure and stand over she . : : scarlett | it 's I , melly . . , the eye open , then close again . Melanie promise I ? : scarlett anything ! . Melanie ' look after my little son ! I give hin to > you once veeere , . remenber ? the day he be bear ? scarlett J : oh , ' melty , do not talk this way ! . I know you will get well ] Melanie , : promise I , '' 4 College ..+? scarlet yes ! yes ! and bzurope . and a ' ponye . '' whatever he want ! ' but - melly ! do try ... " Melanie ( scarlett 's eye . ge wide , out Melanie continue ) Ashley and you ... ' scarlett bow she head in sudden prayer . Melanie 's tingers reach out to touch she . o. " scarlett ( almost voiceless ) mat about - Ashley , melly ? Melanie - : look after he for I , just as you : look = look after I for he , searte 's tt iwill , melly . ' Melanie =. look after he . but never let he mow , '' scarlett be almost om the point of break . she rise , . abruptly sink she tooth into she thumb to regain cone trol . the door open slightly , Dr. meade stand in the threshold beckone imperiously . she bend over the bed , take Melanie 's hand and 's lay it again 's she cheek . scarlett good night , : continued : " 605 . cornea ( 3 ) - 606 Melanie ( very faint ) | promiso ... of ' scarlett . what. else , melly ? Melanie — gaptasn I butler . be kind to hime . - : scarlett ( surprd sed ) rhett ? / : '' * Melanie '' '' he love you so , ' ' scarlett ( sob ) . es '' yes , melly . . . he Melanie es or see '' goodmby 8 bae my ba . scarlett '' have goodntre '' . pe a " ste bend over and kiss Melanie 's forehead , then draw " . back , the eye be close again . a last look at melanis then scarlett go . Dr. meade follow she to the door , ( + , dvt . parzor S ee ' scarlett and Dr. meade enter , India and aunt pittypat ~ ame stand now . Ashley sit at the table . rhett look '' on from the hall , . Dr. meade ( to the other ) you lady may come in now . they go in , the woman ‘hold they skirt close to they | side to keep they from rustling . 7 searlett ( call to Ashley ) oh , Ashley ! Ashley ! Ashley display a wear + glove . , Ashley . ir dont . know where the mate to this be . " she must have pat it away . scarlett ( cry ) ( oh , stop | abe . ‘( drop to she knee beside hin ) hold I '' tin 30 frighten itm so frighten ? Ashley clutches scarlett , press he head against she heart . . ~ G. : , 248 i act 607 " glose shot = restt } . '' he look at starlet in Ashley 's am . then with a ex - ee . . pression of mix distaste and resignation , pick up ais aa , hat and coat and leave . | . 608 — ° ' two shot ~ ashley and scarlett : Ashley ( break they embrace ) '' _ oh , scarlet ! what can ido ? I can not live without she ! I | , can not ! everything I ever have be - be go with she . she look at he , then the sruth of thing as they be come clear to she . . - , uo ' scarlett 's oh , ashleyt . you really love she , do not ou ? 5 i Ashley she 's : the only drean I ever have that didnt die i the face '' of reality . a scarlett . ( ith a flash of she usual spirit ) 2 : dreem ! always dream with youl never common sense , Ashley oh , scarlett es '' 42 you know what itve go through -- '' scarlest oh , Ashley , you should have toid not year ago that you . love . she , not I , and not leave I dangle with you taik of honor , but you have to wait ' sil now - now when melly 's die to show I I could never mean anything more to you thanye . than this watle woman do to rne see as '' ashley wince at she word , but he eye still meet hers , implore silence , comfort . every line of he face admit the truth of she word . the very droop of he shoulde > zs show that he own self - castigation be more . eruel than any she could give . he stand silent before woe she , clutching the glove as though it be a under - : : stand hand and , in the stillness that follew she : to . '' word , she indignation ford away and pity tinged with ay to i . contempt , take its place , '' i. scarlet ( continue ) 3 * and ifve love something that - that do not really exist , rt ! somehow I do not care . somehow lt do not matter , it doesn 's % '' } to matter one bit . : : ! . " Ashley bend he head sobbing . she take he in she arus , in : and smooth the back of he hair . i . yd scarlet : : : oh , Ashley , Ashley , forgive I ! do not cry . she must not see } | you have be cry ! po. d> , meade enter . . ~ : continued : ( 7 — 609 60a '' Ashley ! rhett ! 's | rhetts h d610 '' continued ( 2 ) Dr. meade Ashley start up , 's Dr , meade only snap he finger . Ashley go in quickly . the door be leave open . score lett stand distening a cry of real onguish : Ashley . coe . ) melly ! melly ! . just the least sound from the motionless scarlet India '. gome : out of the bedroom , sobbing in the most ' uncentrol - im .' lable grief . she go past scarlet to throw herself on the sofa , aunt pittypat follow and go apart , cry . then Dr. meade come and close the door after hin . scarlett look at the three , then suddenly come to life . scarlett ( she look for he and see that the hall ' La empty . a she go to the hall ) rhett ! where be you ? os ( she gooa out through the open door ) ext , door to melanie' house '' mist rhett ! '' th sce rleté ( as she throw open the door ) ' ttle wait for I ! . it ls.grey and there be a heavy mist . scarlett enter into the mist $e and be almost completely envelop by it , . 80 that will soe only she face and part of she . dlack dress in it . we hoar she voice : tay searlett voice : rhett ! wait for mo} rhett ! rhott ! rhott ) rhett ! trolly shot - in front of scarlett go up the sidd the most we ever see of she through the mist be a bit of she dress and she face , and sven this be lose 's eccasionallp as we trolly before she , up , up , up the hill . : . , intercut with this be a reverse on her back . in this angle she peer through the mist , attompt 1 , $ 0 soe through it . she be frantic , eager to get home . her tempo accelerate as she get higher : on the hill . her hair become slightly awry , and she become in - _ oreasingly breathless as she near she , * 9p of the hill . also intercut with this should bo a large close up of she , also trolly in front of she . . 250 4 — ) 611 ext . door 10 butler house ~ close shot } . os q the mist be lift . the door ts slightly ajar . scarlet il ee .. pushes 1 % open eagorly and as the camera go behind ' she ~~ will . 1 , she call : j | on , ' scarlett | | - rhett ! rhett ! :, she look ' from right noe leave and ' move around | the great of | '' - hall , but there be no answer . she start up the stair i call : 2 | oe " scarlett | rhett ! + rhett ! | t foo . . . " c1 seg + , side angie be i " | scarlett half way up the stair . i scarlett * rhett ! ; '' ia } not j pro . : { 613 — angie shoot down the stair : : oo ' 1s " geaptett have reach the top of the stair . . V. 0 } seale '' ee * rhett , oo . ' + she go to the door to rhett 's room and throw it '' open | shout mock . she stop short . 6lé int , rhett 's room have mo rhett be sit morosely ina chair . beside hin be a : " decanter and a glass , but the glass be unused and the stopper be in place . he turn slowly and look at ner steadily , there be no mockery in he eye , his emotion .. be that of a man who 1s saddenéd , first oy the pass '' '' - of Melanie for whem he have have deep feel , and second ‘by the realization that a important phase of he life be end . . a rhett ( quietly ) , gome in : : _ + | scarlett oa _ rhett ~ rhett ) . so '' rhett Melanie eee sho be 165 ? scarlott noda . she enter alowly wnt Winebhalinty wo kbs > t . : out rise , rhett push back a chaizx with he foot , | . she sink into it . . poe i . " . continued : . 251 : : . ' 614 continued ( 2 ) . , ' rhett ( heavily ) well. , . God rest she , she wag the only conpletel y kind person . I ever kmaw ... a great lady ... a very great lacy . ; ' v scarlett shiver slightly . it be 's difficul for she to say what be in she ‘heart . rhett 's eye come back to she , . he speak again . this time he voice be change and he ' : ds now light and cool , more like himself . '' rhett . so she 's dead ? that make it nice for you , do not Le ? scarlett be stunne and searg come to she eye . - searlet . : . . : - . oh , how can you say such a thing ! '' '' you kmow how I love she . veally ! - . oe rhett i " no , I '' aonté ' know that I a do , ' but '' at least it 's to you credit . that you could appreciate she at the end . ' searlett -. of course I appreciate hert . she think of evesrbee except 1 ( herself - why , she last word be about jou . 's - rhett turn to she . there be genuine feel in bhs . ! e788 . i . i '' rhett ( after | a moment , autetlys he again azop . - he mockery ) what da she say ? . .. . scarlett ' she '' sata , " be kind to Captain butler . he love you so . " . . , rhett drop he eye . suddenty he rise and 088 to the '' window . - rhett ae : oo do she say anything else ? . . . . . ! scarlett wee ws she say - she ask I to look after . asniey , so0 - ' ae he be silent for a moment , and * then he iaugh sortlys , . rhet it 's convenient to fave the first wite ts permission , isntt 16 ? fon ane walk out of the shot ) - scarlett - what do you mean ? , ( suddenly she gee something ) '' what be you do ? 252 | rhett - iv another part of the room he be stand over a partly pack bag in a part of the . , room which we have not yet photogreph in this sequence , / and which scarlett have not yet . see in this sequence . he . be throw into the bag toilet article and a few other small thing . scarlett rise to she foet , frantically . : rhett ( continue with he pack ) I be leave you , my dear , , . all you need now be a divorce = , and you dream of Ashley can come true . . : scarlett oh , noj nol - ( she run to he ) : . you be wrong ! terribly wrong ! I do not want a divorce - . ( follow rhett 's step as he pack ) - oh , rhett , when I know tonight that I - when I know I love " . you Iran home to tell you - 0h , darling - darling -- : ' rhett . : scarlett , please do not go | on with this . leave we some dig - nity to remember out of we marriage . spare we this last . ( he continue pacice ) searle " this last ? " .. , rhett , do listen to I ! I must have love . you for year only iwas such a stupid fool I do not kmow it . please believe me you must care - melly say you do . : rhett . ' I believe you , but what about ashley wilk ? 'o searlett at : - I never really love Ashley -- rhett '' you cortainly give a good imitation of it - up s41 this " morning . : * ( he stop pack , leaugh 'a bit , rather bitterly ) no , scarlett , I try everything , and if you would only meet I half way , even when I come back from London ... . : scarlett . oa , iwas so glad to see you ! iwas , rhett ! but - but you be so nasty ! . rhett ( he start to put thing in bag again ) '' and then when you be sick and it be all ny foul , I hope against hope that you would call for I , but you do not scarlett I want you =f want you desperately ! but I do not think . you want mo . . rhett : ts seem we ' tvo be at cross purpose , do not 26 ? but it 's no use now . as long as there be bonnie there be a chence vo continued : as foe no continued ( 2 ) = ( cont would ) might be happy . mage like to think that bonnio be you , a little girl again , before the war and poverty have do thing to you . she be so like you = and I could pet ner and spoil she , as I want to spoil you ... when she go , she take everything : ( finish pack , he close he bag ) . scarlett ( cry frantically ) my oh , rhett ! rhett , vlease do not say that ! I be so sorry - I be .. 80 sorry for everything -- rhett my darling , you be such a. child : you '' think that by say " itm sorry , " all the past can be correct ... here , take ay ' randkerchief® . never , at any crisis of you * rite , have I know you to have a handkerchief , she take the hondkerchief , blow she nose , and sit down . rhett pick up he bag , go to the door , and exit . scarlett leap up and run after him . . we int , bald . : oy : scarlett run owt to rhebs on the landing , cry ' -. scarlett . . rhett ! rhett ! where be you go ? to , rhe : tim go 's to Charleston , back where I noten . scarlet please - please - take I with youl 's . ' rhett no . I be through with everything here , : ( he set down nis bag , stop , lock at scarlett . with a fap -away look ; it be a new rhett - new to we and new to hin ) I want peace , .. I want to see if somewhere there be not some - thing leave in life of charm and grace ... . ( with just a trace of amusement ) bo you imow what I be taling about ? scarlet no . I only mow that I love you . rhett ( pieleing up he bag ) ' . " that 's you misfortune . ( go down stair ) : . scarlett ( go downstairs after he ) oh , rhett ! rhet rhett ! i~ rhett ! rhett ! ' ako sedone the front door ) but , rhett , 1f you go what shall I do ? where shall I g0 ? continued : , ? 616 continued ( 2 ) rhett ( at the door , open it ) poantey , my dear , I do not give a damn ! ' he go out into the mist , scarlett look after he . close shot - scarlett she be leave ' stunne . she look around , emush by this blow , and speak aloud : scarlest _ teants let he go ! I can not ! I will not think about lose ' bim now ! I will go crazy if I dof ... it will think about that to - mopto we have . . she close the door . and go back into the hall , move not down . she throw herself on the stair , defeat , : / \jerkily and without design . but the think of it will and with nothing to look forward to . she lie face down ~ with she head on she hand , camera move up to a ' close up of scarlett sobbing and hold for 'a moment . scarlett . . es but iomst think about it ! I mst think about be ! _ what be - there to do ? what be there that matter ?. suddenly on the sound tradle we hear Gerald 's voice : Gerald 's voice . do you mean to tell I , Katie scarlett orsara , that tara + , do not mean anything to you ? _ scarlett 's sovd quiet . : she start to lift she tear -- . stain face . slowly . : . ' '' ' geraldt voice ( continue ) * why , land 's the only thing that matter - 13 's the only thing 's that last . . . noe ? Ashley 's 's voice . . some thine you love better than 's I , though you may not know [ ite taal - rhett 's voice - itts this from which you get you strength - - the red earth of : tare . : scarlett 's face lift a little higher as she listen . Gerald 's voice why , land 's the only thing that matter - it 's the only bhing that last . . Ashley 's voice so something you love better then I , though you may not lmow it - taral : . continued : ec co errieeees hmm co . t 617 not 255 continued ( 2 ) rhett 's voice . it 's this from which you get you strength - the red earth of tara . one again we hear the three voice repeat the same : line . the volume be still louder , the space between l/ they still less , the speed of they | pepetition stil2 faster : Gerald 's voice . way , land 's the only thing that matter --. > Ashley 's voice a versus 7 fon ining you love better than I -- : mo , rhett !s woice " ie red earth of tara . gamera move slowly up to a large close uf of scarleti's face as we hear : . ' Gerald 's voice ' maral . . , Ashley 's voice ( louder than Gerald 's ) - . taras . , rhett 's voice ( louder than either ) taral '' oot ' a beautiful smile of hope cross scarlett 's face as : ' the realization come to she thas she atill have tara . scarlett ( lift she face ) tara ! Home !... i'1l go home - and I will think of somo way to get he bacic , she lift she chin higher . we see the stuff of which scarlet .0o' hara be make , and . we thrill with the know - ledge that she will not be defeat for long . scarlett after all , tomorrow be another day ! as the specch progress we 'seo and hoar she strength return - she voice accelerate in power and volume and we must beliove completely that what scarlet o'hara . want to do , she can do , slow dissolve to : " 628 - co to 286 ) fuld shot = tara landscape = sunset with the huge tree where Gerald have speak to scarlett . from behind the hill come the silhouett figure of scarlett until she stand outline along the sky . she turn halfway and stand look over the broad acre . wind blow she skirt slightly . '' camera draw back as we qnce aid 'on scarlett and Gerald , ' until the tiny silhouett figure . of scarlett be out - | . dine against Gerald 's tara . es be '' - . vata 7 " | bade our .