gone baby gone written by Ben affleck &amp ; Aaron stockard Morning . Cloud move through the sky . we see various shot of the city , exterior storefront , people go about they life and some wider shot of the city . as they continue , the hour get progressively later in the day until the final sequence which take place at night . over this we hear we guy , patrick ( 30 ) . patrick ( V. 0 . ) to people who grow up here , this city be like family . the thing about family , about the city , about the church , about the people you grow up with -- be that no matter how much they hurt you , no matter what the cost be , you still love they . and despite all we flaw -- what we do to each other -- what be do to we -- I have always feel proprietary about it all . like the old commercial for dog food : ' do not you dog deserve to be treat like a member of the family ? ' I have always believe it depend on the dog . Beyond that , the most I think about anything be what I want to do . who I want to be . to rise where my father say I could not go , to succeed . to be a man . ext . mccready three decker night - a playground at night , completely empty . one of the swing drift back and forth . . . the back door to a home be open . a piece of light cut across the porch from inside . . . up the back stairwell another door be open , lead into a apartment . . . down the hall , a third door open to reveal a small , sparse bedroom . a small mattress on the floor hold a dirty - face little girl asleep under she blanket . . . footstep hear , quietly move through the house . . . a three foot gate hang open . a car start and pull away . we begin to hear the voice of Jack doyle . doyle amanda mccready be take from she home sometime between eight and eight thirty . CUT to : int . patrick and angie ' S car - day jack doyle ( 60 ) speak at a press conference on a small , portable television with a 3x4 inch screen rest on the dashboard of a car and plugge into the lighter outlet . doyle she be four year old , have blond hair and green eye , 35 pound and about 3 and a half foot tall . amanda 's mother say she put she to bed in she B e a u t y and t h e B e a 's t nightgown . . . Patrick kenzie and Angela gennaro sit in the car watch idly . tv : a clip from a interview with amanda 's mother , helene mccready ( 29 - 39 ) . she look haggard and in desperate need of sleep , if not a stint in detox . stand beside she be she brother lionel and sister - in - law beatrice , both of whom we will come to know later . helene ( on tv ) the thing be she just always have a smile on she face , you know ? that be she . she be always smilin' . ( tear welling ) I mean , who would take my little girl ? what do she ever do to anyone ? patrick do you know she ? angie vaguely . ( re : tv ) this be horrible . patrick not if you be channel nine . angie that 's timmy Reilly . be he a cop now ? a press conference with jack doyle ( 68 ) come on . beneath he image be write " jack doyle , crime against child . " doyle ( on tv ) I know the pain of lose a daughter -- we will pursue every avenue -- patrick they can not be take that many avenue . the whole force be outside the house . they be park on a street in dorchester line with residential apartment and storefront . a knock on the windowsill startles they both . it 's a neighborhood guy , bobby . bobby ( wink , be funny ) hey . how be you ? patrick good , Bobby . Nice to see you . Bobby move on down the street . she look at Patrick . angie this be why it 's embarrassing to do surveillance three block from where we live . over Patrick and through the windshield we see a man and a woman emerge from a mint GREEN 3 - decker . patrick there they go . they kiss before parting way . the man hop into a GREEN lincoln while the woman head down the block , on foot . patrick ( cont ' D ) they ' be split up . angie go with he . I will follow the mother . Angie jump out and start follow the woman . Patrick pull slowly from the curb and trail the lincoln . angie' car , drive - day ( moving ) int . patrick &amp ; Patrick turn a corner on a residential street . then another one , keep about a block between himself and the lincoln . ext . dorchester ST . continuous - suddenly , a ten year old kid dart in front of Patrick atop a bmx bicycle . Patrick have to stop . patrick get out of the way . kid fuck you mother . patrick move the huffy before I slap you face . Patrick wait for the kid to move . as he drive by he reach out to cuff the kid , who elude he . kid miss I , faggot . ext . dorchester avenue - moment later Patrick pull out onto dot Ave . he look around , do not see the lincoln . he go leave . ext . dot ave . - continuous Patrick drive a few car behind the lincoln . he can not cathc up - ext . dorchester avenue - moment later a car stop in front of Patrick . he try to go around , traffic be oncoming . patrick fuck. fuck . the car move . the lincoln be long go . he pull the car over . he see a italian man in he sixties look at he from the sidewalk ( gerry speca ) . the man sit in front of a vfw . they trade look . patrick ( cont ' D ) fuck it . Patrick dial he phone and put it to he ear . operator ( over phone ) nine one one , what 's you emergency ? patrick I want to report a drunk driver . I see he consume alcohol in he front seat , and he almost swipe a old lady . operator ( over phone ) what 's the description ? patrick ( look at paper ) 1989 Green lincoln mercury ls. Massachusetts patriot bonus edition license plate 357 bravo . 929 . operator ( over phone ) thank you sir . patrick thank you . God bless . Patrick reach into the glove compartment and produce a small device . he turn it on and set it on the dash . by the scratchy voice and staccato code we realize it 's a police scanner . he wait . Cars roll by . wipe . shot outside car . omit omit CUT to : ext . dorchester ave . - minute later Patrick be in the car . listen . his phone ring . he answer it . angie ( on phone ) where be you ? patrick dot Ave , where a be e you ? angie Nguyen ' 's n a i l 's a l of n . patrick T h a t ' 's where 's h e go ? angie yup . I ' m g e t t i n g my n a i l 's d of n e . you 's t i l l with t h e father ? patrick I l of 's t he . angie you d i d ? scanner L i n c of l n mercury cougar , n i n e t y e i g h t . Broadway and L S t . F i e l d S of b be i e t y . . . patrick whoops , t h e r e h e i 's . and h e p u l l 's of u t . south boston - m m N S later ext . broadway , o ET on t h e 's i d e of for t h e be of a d , 's e v e be a l officer a d m i n i 's t e be a field sobriety test t of t h e man . the man i 's u p 's e t . he g e 's t u r e 's a t t h e p of l i c e . p a t be i c k p u l l 's up a c be of 's 's t h e 's t be e e t , watch . they l e t t h e man g of . p a t be i c k e a 's e 's of u t a for t e be he . he W V S t of t h e c of p 's , who 's t a be e ae b a c k , n of t know he of be why h e i 's wave . ext . old colony housing development - day from p a t be i c k ' 's c a be , we 's e e t h e F a t h e be g e t of u t of for h i 's c a be and head i n t h e door , h of l d i n g h i 's b a d . p a t be i c k with a t c h e 's from a c be of 's 's t h e 's t r e e t , i n h i 's c a r . he see all the sweet - face little kid , all dress up in the best clothes they parent could afford , run and shriek and play kick - ball in a tiny play lot inside a giant , ramshackle housing project . the father emerge , bagless . ext . old colony , perkin elementary school - moment later as Patrick walk past we dolly low alongside he and onto the playground . he approach the door the father come out of and enter int . build B. old colony - continuous Patrick come in . there be a bunch of the ubiquitous missing child flier on the ground . a door to a unit be ajar . ext . maureen quinn' apartment - continuous Patrick ease the door open a bit . Patrick go to he haunch so as to stay out of sight at the open . through the crack we see a man and a woman argue . a woman maureen , irish ( 34 ) be make breakfast . she call out to the next room . maureen ( calling out ) you want they egg runnin ' ? tommy meade roll into frame , bitching about he condition . tommy yah . where would my father leave the bag ? she indicate . maureen by the chair . tommy you know Cheryl Martin say donna hire miss person investigator to find I ? maureen ( feebly ) ... you be not missin ' tommy fuckin ' bullshit . I can not go back to my own home to get my own clothes for fear of gettin ' my wage garnish to support Mike cuddehy ' 's fuckin ' kid ? Patrick look at the floor , the bag the Father be carry have clothes in it . the kid come to the open in the door . he look at Patrick . Patrick hold a finger to he lip : shhh . ext taft ST . - day Patrick park and walk by various family . patrick and angie' apartment , live room - day int . Patrick look at a paper . it 's they ad . patrick " dorchester ' 's best miss person ? " that 's terrible . angie what 's wrong with it ? patrick it 's like have world 's tallest midget as you slogan . angie it 's better than the old one . patrick you be just say that cause the new one have you name on it . Patrick take he gun out , wallet , put they on the table . angie at a certain point the person who book half the business be entitle to she name on the door . ( beat ) speak of which , how would you get Tommy ? patrick this people need to learn how to hide better . stay at you girlfriend 's in oc project be not slick . ( beat ) ( more ) patrick ( cont 'd ) and the reason you book half the business be cause no one 's try to get in my trousers . angie keep tell yourself that . int . patrick and angie' bedroom night - Long , intimate improvise scene in they bedroom . int . patrick and angie' apartment , live room - morning Patrick walk down the hallway toward the kitchen . patrick yo , you want some cereal ? angie ( o.s. ) I be in the bathroom . int . kitchen - continuous make cereal . walk out . int . hallway - continuous Patrick walk by the door . he push on it . she bump it shut . he stand there for a minute , think of a explanation . patrick I just want to see if you want some food . int . live room - continuous Patrick come into the live room , the television be on . he put the cereal down and start eat . jack doyle ( 60 ) speak at a press conference . doyle she be four year old , have blond hair and green eye , 35 pound and about 3 and a half foot tall . amanda 's mother say she put she to bed in she B e a u t y a n d t h e B e a 's t nightgown . . . Patrick watch . tv : a clip from a interview with amanda 's mother , helene mccready ( 29- 39 ) . helene ( on tv ) the thing be she just always have a smile on she face , you know ? that be she . she be always smilin' . angle enter . helene ( on tv ) ( cont7d ) ( tear welling ) I mean , who would take my little girl ? what do she ever do to anyone ? angie do you know she ? patrick vaguely . angie this be horrible . patrick not if you be Channel nine . she sit down to watch . a press conference with jack doyle ( 68 ) come on . beneath he image be write " jack doyle , crime against child . " doyle we will pursue every avenue . patrick they can not be take that many avenue . the whole force be outside the house . tv : a still photo of amanda mccready ( 4 ) occupy a corner of the frame . she have dirty blonde hair and a shy smile . newscaster her mother say amanda may be carry mirabelle , she favorite doll . . . on tv the camera go to bea and lionel . Bea speak bea ( on tv ) whoever you be , if you have she , just give she back . we will not charge you . if you be out there , just let she go ! angie poor woman . patrick look at this guy . stand around pose for the camera like they have a purpose . that 's why cop hate we . ( more ) patrick ( cont 'd ) Cause they know we do the same thing as they without five year of jungle gym Police academy . Bell ring . patrick ( cont 'd ) who 's this ? CUT to : bea mccready ' S face angie be apt - morning int . patrick &amp ; Patrick be stand in the doorway , look at beatrice and lionel mccready , not entirely sure what to say . beatrice my niece be miss . int . patrick and angie' office day - Close on a hand pick clothes up off the couch in they ' officer -- which be basically they live room . now we get a good look at they guest , who be stand politely . bea mccready ( mid 5as , matronly ) we recognize from the tv clip . she have a kind patience that have be try by she ordeal . her husband , lionel ( mid 40s ) ' we remember as well . lionel be the kind of man who be once a hard drinker , a fighter and a troublemaker . now arecover , ' he have be a husband , provider and peacemaker for almost twenty year . Angie be also try to tidy the detritus of they morning which lie strewn around they office , include a bra which be behind the couch . patrick I hear about that on the news . . . Excuse the mess . we just finish another case . . . angie I be so sorry , Mrs. mccready . I can not imagine what this time must be like for you family . patrick this be my associate , Angela gennaro . they all four stand there , not sure what come next . beatrice we want to hire you to augment the police with the investigation . no one say anything . lionel like Jean benet ramsey . the family hire investigator . patrick right . I remember that . beatrice the Police be nowhere , they be slow , they keep we in the dark . we want we own investigator . angie I be not sure we be who you be look for . beatrice be not that what you do ? the ad in the paper say ' miss person . ' tiniest of look from Patrick to Angie . patrick what Angie be try to say be : we usually get hire to find people who like , take off to New Hampshire without payin ' for they jet ski-- Bea look up at Patrick , confuse . angie every Police officer in Boston be look for you niece . this be something they be qualified for . bea what be you say ? angie I be not sure how much help we can be . patrick hear she out , ange . bea you be not gonna do any harm , be you ? ( shaking she head ) why be this so hard ? the cop send one man until I call the Herald and raise cain . the cop do not want I hirin ' you . now you do not want the job ? patrick it 's not that we do not want the job . bea do not you know people in the neighborhood ? people who do not want to talk to Police ? patrick yes . we do . have the Police tell you anything so far ? bea if I hear they have " no lead " one more time I be gonna lose my marble . I mean , helene be watch tv next door and be not go for more than a half hour . lionel she be watch " wife swap " downstairs . ( beat ) it 's she favorite show . patrick where 's the father ? beatrice snort . lionel shoot she a look . lionel Germany . Army base . he do not want nothin ' to do with helene . bea or amanda . he do not think she 's he . patrick be there anyone you know ? a acquaintance who could have take she . . . a neighbor ? lionel I do not know . you think she be definitely take though ? patrick if she be lose I think they . . . Bea may be come unglue . bea could not she have fall down a well or something ? like in Texas ? patrick that 's not what we hope for .. . awkward moment . angie how be helene hold up ? lionel she 's try . bea please , lionel . lionel look , it . I have my problem , hard bust at 22 . Bea straighten I out . helene have not have that . bea no , she have you . you find she work -- she be we housekeeper for a year and a half - ( beat ) look , come talk to helene yourself . I do not care if you think you can help . try . there must be something you can do . she look at they expectantly . patrick we will meet you over there . he throw Angie another small look . bea we do not have a lot of money , but I save over the year . do not think we can not afford it . Angie give she a smile . angie' car - later int . patrick &amp ; Patrick and Angie be in they car . they pull to a stop , look at something off - camera right . angie if a miss child be not find in seventy two hour they be almost never recover . patrick pretty quick with the fact for someone who 's so unqualified . angie I read that on the computer in two minute while you be get dress . patrick see that , you be already on the case . angie we be not need , we canrt make a difference and we can not take they money . patrick I do not want to take they money . angie I do not want to find a child in a dumpster . patrick neither do I . I want to find one alive who we can bring home . angie we have a good life , Patrick . patrick this will not change that . angie you go out in the rain , you get wet . patrick if it 's a four year - old girl out there , you go out and bring she back . we will be okay . ( smile ) it 's just rain . day ext helene's apt . - we might recognize it from the nighttime abduction sequence except that now it 's swarm with : camera truck , media type and lookey -loos . this be a big shot full of reporter , local , kide , a guy with a grill , a ice - cream truck . people mill around and converse . kide wave behind reporter head , try to get on camera . we carry Patrick and Angie through with a steadi - cam as they react to the circus . a field reporter do a stand - up , dress formally to the waist in a sport coat and tie but wear short below . he have heavy pancake make - up on . patrick block party . ext . helene's apt - day they reach the front porch . one , officer reilly ( from tv ) stop Patrick as he come in . officer reilly Friends of the family ? Patrick roll he eye . patrick timrny . it 's I . lionel be out on the porch . lionel it 's okay . come on in . Patrick head down the hall toward the kitchen but turn back when he see Angie go into the live room . int . helene's apartment , live room continuous - Patrick and Angie enter the small two bedroom apartment . it be crowded and crawl with police . helene mccready ( in rough shape ) sit wear a " bear to shop " T-shirt . her best friend dottie sit next to she . they be engross in a day - time talk show . dottie wear a " dot Rat " T-shirt . lionel helene , this be Patrick kenzie and Angela gennaro . the two woman on the couch look over . dottie I remember you . Angie look blank . dottie ( cont ' D ) mrm high . Angie offer a fake smile , half - recognition , polite . dottie ( cont ' D ) I see you be still conceit . lionel could you excuse we , dottie ? helene dottie 's my best friend , lionel . she can be in my house if she want . patrick we just want to ask a few question . helene she can be here for that . patrick ( to lionel ) it 's fine . dottie ( to helene ) now everyone want to be part of it . helene I know . ( to angie ) I already talk to the cop forty time . angie we be sorry to take up you time . patrick beatrice ask we to come here . helene - W h y do not Bea mind she business . it 's my kid -- dottie ' Cause everyone 's tryin ' to get they moment now . lionel Bea hire this people to help find amanda with she own money . you better show they the God damn courtesy they deserve ! dottie she 's in grief , prick . lionel she can grieve how she want , dottie . you do not live here . helene do not yell at she . you be not she father ! dottie fuck you , lionel . lionel march over toward dottie . she scoot in a hurry . dottie ( cont 'd ) get away from I ! dottie storm from the room . Patrick and Angie stand uncomfortably in the hall . lionel I be sorry . angie maybe we should go . lionel I be sorry . . . I understand . bea ( 0.3 . ) can I speak with you for a minute ? patrick can you excuse we , helene ? helene ignore she . int . helene's apartment , hallway / kitchen - continuous Bea stand at the far end of the hallway , distraught . she hold a framed photograph in she hand . lionel helene have emotional problem . beatrice it 's not that , lionel . lionel what be it , then ? what Bea say bely she matronly kindness . beatrice she 's a cunt . lionel beatrice ! do not say that word . beatrice God help I , it 's true . lionel for God 's sake , the wall be thin . beatrice I do not care anymore , lionel . let she hear . Bea hand Patrick the photograph of amanda . beatrice ( cont ' D ) this be a child . ( beat , crack ) and I do not know where she be . Angie look to Patrick . angie ( comforting smile ) well . we can not do any harm , right ? same later ( kitchen ) - the sink be full of shit . lionel try get out a cup for coffee . Patrick , lionel , and Bea sit around the kitchen . Angie make she way around the kitchen , look over the environment . Shots of the mess that be helene 's apartment ( and a nod to we extraordinary set decorator . ) patrick what about who she hang out with ? what kind of people be around ? Bea look to lionel to answer this sort of thing . lionel I do not know . she 's at the Fillmore all the time . patrick ( know its reputation ) the Fillmore Lounge ? lionel she drink every day , she 's get the gene . the disease . we parent have it , too . patrick she use drug ? lionel I think she do a little coke . patrick how much be a little ? lionel I do not know . . . few time a week , maybe . how much be a lot ? patrick few time a week be a lot . lionel then she do a lot . I do not know anything about that . ( to patrick ) I put the plug in the jug , myself . I get twenty three year sobriety . there be a short beat before : patrick for of be lack of anything else ) good for you . angie what 's amanda like ? beatrice she 's quiet . have she manners , please and thank yous . she try she hardest to be good . angie you mind if we look in she room ? int amanda' bedroom - day Patrick and Angie stand just inside the door to amanda 's drab little bedroom . the only furniture a twin - size mattress and a chest of drawer . it 's all third hand . patrick we get a bonus for find the furniture ? Patrick look over the dirtied wall , fade glow star , sticker , a sad sight . angie maybe she run away . doyle ( 0.c . ) solve it yet ? Patrick and Angie turn to the voice . stand in the doorway be jack doyle , the police officer from the tv report . patrick almost . he extend he hand . doyle Jack doyle . patrick ( reaching out ) Patrick kenzie . Angela gennaro . doyle Nice to meet you . angie good to meet you , Captain doyle I take it Bea hire you ? patrick she want to cover as much ground as she can . he look they over . angie I take it you do not want we hire . doyle this people aren ' t rich . patrick we understand that . this be about help in whatever way we can . not about make money . doyle good . I do not care who find she . I just want it do . angie we want that too , sir . doyle Fine . keep we apprise . patrick of course ... be there any way we can see what you be look at so far ? doyle ( smile ) I will put my two best man on it . where can they find you ? ext fillmore lounge day - the Fillmore Lounge be a dreary look bar up a alley off dorchester Avenue . Degenerate drinker be now force to go outside and smoke under the noon day sun and the place 's faux , stack stone facade . int fillmore lounge - continuous and it 's no more welcoming inside . Men come here to nurse they drug habit , they alcoholism and they hate . while you would not think there be many clamoring to get into they club , they do not look kindly on potential applicant . at one end of the bar , lenny ( mid 40 ' 's ) sip a whiskey and study the keno result . in the rear , 4 alcoholics sit around mutter to one another . and at one of the table a cauliflower face man drink alone . in addition there be a smatter of rough looking face . the bartender big dave ( hence the name ) have a newspaper spread out before he on the bar . patrick I be not ask for the combination to the safe here . . . big dave I get nothin ' to say . I already talk to the cop . patrick look , Dave , right ? big dave Big Dave . patrick okay , " Big Dave . " " medium Patrick . " Nice to meet you . big dave you be a little light in the ass to be talkin ' shit . Patrick put he hand up . patrick I apologize . big dave buy a drink or screw . angie we will have a couple of tonic . Dave regards they for a beat , then move off . male voice ( 0 . ) c. spud McKenzie . Patrick turn to find steve tsafonias ( 30 ) , stare back at he - - a dim , goofy smile across he face . steve Steve . . . tsafonias . ( beat ) ' gyro ? " Patrick subtly look to angle . patrick Zeus ! how you be ? int . filmore lounge , booth later - we come off the face of a interesting man to see : Patrick , Angie , and Steve sit around a table share a pitcher of beer . steve oh , it 's a real tragedy . she use to come in here , sit up on the bar and shit . . . she be like we mascot . angie helene bring amanda in here ? steve no , mostly in the afternoon . it 's not the place for a child at night . angie really ? steve ( lower he voice ) hot temper . lotta drug . patrick how much do helene come in ? steve like five night a week . ( off they reaction ) she 's a fuckin ' coke head guy . do not get I wrong , you do not want that for no one . but it 's not a real shocker . ( pause . his voice almost a whisper now . ) I see she on the news say how she be at she neighbor 's for a half hour ? bullshit . she be in here snappin ' line for two hour . patrick be you sure it be the same night ? steve yeah , cause she be bumpin ' rail in the shitter with Ray . I be knockin ' on the door . angie Ray Li kanski ? steve he be duckin ' I like a faggot ' cause he owe I a dime . then he owe everyone money , I find out . do not lend he no money -- lenny ( 0 . ) c. hey ! what be you do ?! Steve look up . lenny ( keno guy ) be out of he stool . steve ( frightened ) nothing . . . what lenny ? lenny start towards they table . lenny do not talk about people you do not know . steve I know they . patrick what 's you problem , guy ? lenny you say you be not a cop , right ? why do n ' t you fuck off ? patrick why do not you mind you business . lenny move to they . lenny what be you do here ? thumb at Big Dave ) Dave can not make a martini . patrick we be try to help helene find she daughter . big dave kid go miss all the time . they always show back up . angie why do not you mind you business ? angle 's comment stop lenny . lenny oh , shit , Dave . she tell you . big dave she want to come in here and be a smart ass ? patrick take it easy . big dave Don ' t run you mouth like you be better than I . patrick just cool it , all right ? lenny ' cool it " listen to this douche bag . big dave I bet she fuck this asshole in half . a alcoholic call out to lenny . alcoholic # 1 ask she if she suck cock . lenny ask she yourself . the door outside be ajar . lenny' pal push it close . patrick what the fuck be wrong with you ? lenny you know , I would not mind seein ' some tit . anyone else like tit ? alcoholic # 3 I like tuna . alcoholic # 2 show I you tunaaaa ! angie shut the fuck up . alcoholic # 4 ( mime throw he voice ) twat steak ! angie do not be stupid , lenny . alcoholic # 2 he 's talk to he friend . lenny must be you good look , Dave , bringin ' in all the new snatch . there 's some good lookin ' pussy in here tonight . the alcoholic man be laugh , egging one another on . big dave lenny , think she want to see you prick , first . Patrick reach into he waistband and put he hand on a SMALL holster , revealing a 9mrn kahr handgun . patrick no , lenny . no one want to see you prick . B I G dave I do ! B i g Dave l a u g h 's . a h i n t of for for e a be b e t be a y 's lenny . lenny Dave . patrick back u p . alcoholic # 3 ( singing ) ' a l i t t l e b i t of for monicer i n my l i for e . " patrick open t h e d of of be , Rummy . lenny 's m i l e 's , 's a v i n g for a c e with h i l e b a c k i n g down . lenny open t h e d of of be , Mike . patrick Quick . m i k e 's e e 's t h e g u n . he snap open t h e d of of be . p a t be i c k and Angie have t of make t h e i be way p a 's t lenny t of g e t t of the door . angie move . lenny now I r e a l l y want t of for u c k you . p a t be i c k crack lenny i n t h e for a c e with i t h t h e gun , t a k i n g he of for for g u a be d . lenny for a l l 's t of t h e for l of of be awkwardly . B e for of be e t h e r e 's t of for they make a move t of with a be d he , t h e y 's e e h i 's gun of u t . patrick you be t h e one a b of u t t of g e t for u c k e d , J a c k . ( b e a t , gun p of i n t e d a t lenny ) keep t a l k i n ' . keep t a l k i n ' 's h i t . lenny of p t 's n of t t of k e e p t a l k i n g . p a t be i c k p of i n t 's t h e gun a t B i g Dave . patrick ( cont ' D ) ( to dave ) you get something to say now , too ? fat Dave ? huh ?. big dave all right . get out patrick fuck you , make I a martini . angie Patrick , letf go . they move to the door . ext dorchester ave .- continuous Patrick and Angie emerge . they look to one another . sound of laughter return inside . the guy appear to have go right back to they day . Patrick tuck he gun away and look to Angie . patrick you okay ? angie I be fine . how 's you hand . patrick it fuckinf sting . he indicate he hand , there be some blood . he smile . they be a little rattle . angie thanks for that . he smile . patrick no problem . omit ext patrick and angie' 2 nd story porch - sunset Patrick and Angie look out over the neighborhood . kid run around . adult watch they . angie helene be in there get high -- while she kid be at home for two hour . what kind of mother do that ? patrick one who do not know better . a poor one . a abuse one . a damage one . angie a selfish one . they look out over the kid run past . patrick listen , you do not have to do this . I be fine . if you want to bow out - angie have you ever know I to bow out on anything before ? patrick no . but that be a scary thing . without look at he . angie why ? because of that man ? you think they be gonna rape I ? she smile at he . patrick they be not gonna do that . ( beat ) they might ' get shot . but they be not a gonna do that . . . she look up angie they ' be not what I be afraid of , Patrick . CUT to : ext . dudley square , roxbury - morning , establishing a big bus station . the place bustles with activity . Patrick and anqie walk through . ext . silver slipper restaurant - morning Patrick and Angie walk by a mural paint on the side of the restaurant , turn the corner and head into the diner . omit int . silver slipper diner , roxbury - morning Patrick and Angie enter to see two men seat in a booth . remy bressant , ( 55 ) still very tough and wound very tight . nicholas poole ( 58 ) be chubby and affable -- the ' good cop ' when they do the routine . Patrick and Angie approach they . poole be finish a joke . bressant can I help you ? patrick detective bressant ? bressant that 's right . slightly confuse look exchange . patrick Patrick kenzie . you just call I ... bressant smile , a little embarrassed . they get up and introduce themselves . bressant oh , sorry . detective sgt. remy bressant . poole shit . ( beat , rise to shake ) detective Nick raftopolous . call I poole . patrick this be Angie gennaro . angie be something wrong ? poole ( wave off concern ) no. no . I be just -- bressant we be expect a . . . older couple , I guess . angie life 's full of surprise . poole stifles a small , good - nature laugh . poole ( indicate booth ) have a seat . int . the silver slipper moment later - three mug shot slide across the table : corwin earle : 30 ; 5'10 " and rail thin . his eye bulge poole this be the lead we be work : corwin earle . bressant serial molester , recently work -release . go awol around the time amanda disappear . poole known associate : Leon trett and he handsome wife roberta . apparently , the three of they have some kind of addam family thing goin ' on . leon trett , 5as ; mouse - face and hostile . roberta trett , 5as ; a frightening woman : 6 ' 330 . she have the ' shoulder of a bank vault and a thin goatee . patrick Jesus . poole the trett 's be release six , and eight month ago respectively . they have drug habit . we do not know where they be - but we think corwin ' 's with them . jailhouse snitch claim corwin confide when he get out he be go to move in with he ' family . ' bressant he be gonna find he a kid he could keep in the house and have sex with . patrick sound promise . bressant not for amanda it do not . patrick that 's not what I mean angie be this who you think have amanda ? poole ( frowning ) well , they ' be just suspect and there 's some hole in the theory . corwin like boy . and he like them seven to nine . a pause . patrick ( innocently ) that 's what you get ? there be no other suspect ? bressant ( offended ) yeah . that 's it . a convict finger blaster who plan to keep a pre-teen at the foot of he bed and just cut off he ankle bracelet -- poole take it easy , remy -- bressant -- who the fuck be this guy ? you be here because Jack doyle have we extend you a courtesy . you get something to contribute , be my guest . otherwise go back to you Harry Potter book . patrick I think you misunderstand my tone , sergeant detective . they gauge one another . angie be not it usually someone who know the victim ? poole I think helene mccready have plenty of people in she life capable of this . patrick I be sure you have interview Ray likanski . poole who ? patrick Ray likanski . skinny Ray ? ( beat ) no ? bressant never hear of he . patrick well , with all due respect , we might be able to contribute on that point -- poole how ' 's that ? patrick the night amanda go miss Ray be do coke at the Fillmore Lounge for two hour between eight and ten . bressant fascinating . patrick with helene mccready . poole and bressant be genuinely surprised by this . poole she do bullshit we ... bressant ( to poole ) we need to straighten she out . angie why would she lie about that ? poole ' Cause it 's fuck embarrassing . they go for they coat . Patrick take the mug shot . patrick I will just grab a copy .. . as they stand , get they thing , Angie turn to remy . patrick ( cont ' D ) what kind of name be bressant ? bressant the kind they give you in Louisiana . patrick I think you be from here . bressant depend on how you look at it . you might think you be more ' from heref than I be , for example -- but then again , I be live here longer than you be alive . ( beat ) so who 's right ? Patrick shake he head . patrick I will have to mull that over . he take the photo . patrick ( cont ' D ) we will meet you over there . CUT to : trett photo roberta's face - bubba ( o.c . ) what the fuck make you think I know people like this ? int . bubba' loft - moment later reveal bubba rogowski . he be around 30 and hard . he have a calm opacity which bely he strength . his loft be spare and industrial . patrick I know you do not pay you rent doin ' peopler tax . bubba I do not do it sellin ' penny rock to wall - eye child molester neither . patrick just this one , corwin earle , be a molester . he might be stay with the other two basehead . just if you hear something ' . bubba what be you two ? crime dog now ? patrick we get hire to help find that little girl . bubba oh yeah ? good for you . what happen ? angie turn out the mother be down the Fillmore all night when she kid be take . patrick with skinny Ray . bubba fuck he . patrick I think you be down with they . bubba with Ray ? he work for the haitian . patrick Ray work for cheese ? bubba ( with a lack of regard ) Ray , Chris , cheese , the whole trash picker crew .. . angie you ever sell to helene ? bubba there 's reason why there be not three inch of plexiglass between we right now - - two of they be I do not deal with coconut like cheese and skeezer like helene . ( beat , ruefully ) because I be the one -ey man in the kingdom of the fuck blind . bubba slap he hand over one eye . Angie smile . Patrick be on he way out . ext . bubba' loft - day Patrick come down the stair with Angie behind . he be on the cell phone , walk past the auto body shop . patrick ( on phone ) detective , how well do you know cheese Jean baptiste ? int . helene's apartment - later helene who ? bressant and poole question helene who sit at the kitchen table . Patrick , Angie , Bea and lionel stand by . poole " cheese " Jean baptiste . helene it sound familiar . . . bressant it do not " sound familiar , " helene . he 's a violent , sociopathic , haitian criminal name " cheese . " either you know he or you do not . lionel who be he ? beatrice he 's a drug lord or something , be not he ? lionel who be he ? helene he 's just a guy , lionel .. . bressant ask he homey here . patrick ( take off guard , what ? ) he be not my homey . bressant hard to keep track with you people . Bea look to Patrick , who shake he head at bressant . poole he be , among other thing , a drug dealer , Mrs. mccready . lionel what other thing ? helene I do n ' t know . . . beatrice why do not you answer you brother 's question , helene ? helene why do not you go suck a nigger 's dick , Bea ? lionel 's fist hit the table . lionel you listen to I . you do not insult my wife ! and you do not make racial remark in my kitchen . who be this man ? poole he 's a drug dealer , a pimp , a pornographer -- lionel you associate with a pimp ? beatrice a pornographer , helene . . . poole and we think he roll pokey Jackson up in a carpet and shot he in the head on castlegate . ( beat ) so there 's that , too . Bea canft fathom what shef hearing . bressant what do you do for he ? she sigh . helene I just mule . ( impress upon they ) occasionally , and not make a habit out of it . beatrice Jesus , Mary &amp ; Joseph . what be that , lionel ? lionel it mean she 's a drug runner . she carry drug . be not that right , helene ? helene a few time . bressant where ? helene Providence . . . do it matter ? lionel for what ? helene for fuckf sake , lionel . what do you think ? money . a taste . . . lionel of what , drug ? helene yeas , lionel . beatrice what kind of drug ? helene yay , ron . . . beatrice what do that mean ? poole Cocaine and heroin . beatrice no , we would have see the tract mark -- bressant not if you snort it , right sugar ? helene less addictive that way . helene get up and get a beer . it 's 10:15 be . int . helene's live room - later the conversation have move to the live room . the same participant , but the collection of empty Beer can surround helene suggest she 's loosen up some . Patrick peer out the window to see the circus below ( Pov ) bressant I do not know helene . I keep think about this thing I hear . you know where I be go with this ? helene no . bressant do you know I use to work dcu ? helene I give a fuck . bressant right . so , I still know some of that guy real well . anyway , I hear that someone rip cheese off on a New Hampshire run . you do not hear that , do you ? angle on Patrick and Angie . helene no . bressant Care to take a polygraph ? helene ( proudly ) already pass . bressant different question this time . poole how much you take , helene ? nothing . angle on Patrick . poole ( cont 'd ) it 's all right . we do not care about hophead beatin ' each other . we care about you daughter . ( gently ) come on . how much ? a beat . bressant you want amanda back or not ? silence in the room . bressant ( cont 'd ) do you give a fuck about you kid ? another beat . poole we know you take the money . how much do you take ? bressant rise , scary ) how much ? she take a pull on she beer . look around . fuck it . helene ninety five . the room go quiet . lionel hundre ? helene roll she eye ) thousand . beatrice nintey five thousand dollar ?! helene yeas , Bea ! bressant howrd you do it . she exhales a long thread of smoke . helene two week ago I and Ray do a run up Nashua to drop four key on some biker . when we be walk back through the motel with the money , all this cop swoop in and go for the biker . amanda be with we so we pretend to be like a family and they go right past we . so we just -- get in the car and take off . beatrice you take amanda with you ? helene what be I gonna do ? leave she in the car , Bea ? beatrice ( shake head , plainly ) you be a abomination . God as my witness . helene ( get ' emotionalr ) you know what , Bea ? it 's hard bein ' a mother . it 's hard raisinf child . ( beat , pointedly ) and if God make you barren then you can ' t judge I . ' Cause you wouldnrt fuckin ' know . by bear silence , and the narrowing of she eye , we presume this to be a low blow and that Bea can not have child . bressant hey . ( snap finger at helene ) right here . what happen ? helene take a pull from she beer . helene when we be drive back . Ray 's like , ' everyone 's gonna think the cop get the money too . ' bressant you tell cheese the cop get it ? patrick but you and Ray keep the money ? helene this whole fuckin ' thing be Ray ' 's fault . reaction to this realization . poole where 's the money now , helene ? she look at he . bressant you want to find you daughter ? helene of course . poole then you need to tell we . where be it ? helene with Ray . bressant and where 's Ray ? helene chelsea . beatrice Three day , helene ? you have know this ? and she could be alive ? bressant let 's go . ( indicate patrick ) she ride with you . I do not want she in my car . angie' car , chelsea - day ( moving ) int patrick &amp ; Patrick drive . Angie ride shotgun . and helene slump in the backseat . they drive without say anything . helene look up at Patrick . patrick helene , you go to St. mark ? helene yeah . do you ? patrick I be freshman when you be a senior . you be with Scott flaherty ? helene oh , he ? he stab a foreign exchange student in the chest . get life . he 's a faggot now . beat . patrick seem like he be already a faggot in high school . she laugh . helene you be terrible . she smile , patrick how do the money end up with Ray in chelsea ? I think you go home after . helene we drop off amanda , go back to Ray 's then fuckin ' retarded Ray leave he rock at my place -- right then I be like ' I be drop this motherfucker , I do not care if he do have a big dick ' so we go back to the apartment , he be , hollerin ' and gonna wake up amanda , who need she sleep , so we go back to Ray ' s. Ray ' 's mother 's , whatever . I do not know where the mother be but she leave all she fuckin ' cat and it smell like cock in there -- patrick cheese never contact you ? they never leave a note ? helene no . we never hear nothin ' from they . that ' 's why Ray say don ' t say shit . Patrick and Angie look back and forth . angie you do not think it be worth it , for you daughter 's sake , to tell people what happen ? ( beat ) cheese have you kid right now . God fuckin ' know what he 's do to she . what do you think amanda would give to come home ? helene what be I gonna do ? call cheese and be like -- do you have my daughter ? ' Cause I rip you off and I be just checkin' ? Patrick say nothing . helene ( cont ' D ) ( defensive ) be I gonna tell the cop " I run heroin in case that ' 's irrelevance ? " patrick the cop never ask you about cheese before ? helene no . patrick what if Ray already spend the money ? a beat . helene nigga , please . I hide it . she roll she eye . helene ( cont ' D ) pull over . CUT to : int ray' house - moment later all , save helene , stare at something just off camera . Angie 's hand to she face . they register a beat of stunne silence broken by : bressant Christ . . . angle on : ray likanski ' S dead body . he have be tie to a chair in he kitchen . gunshot be what kill he and the condition of he corpse suggest death come as a relief . there be fifteen cat wander around the house , meow . bressant ( contfd ) they torture he . poole look like he hold out pretty long . patrick he didn ' t have it . poole huh ? patrick he could not tell they where it be ' cause he do not know . helene hide it . bressant chuckle . bressant Ray make poor relationship choice . patrick ( be : Ray 's body ) guess they do not believe he . poole poor prick . helene ( 0.3 . ) ( entering ) I be not waitin ' in the fuckin ' car -- she see Ray and hold she hand to she mouth . it 's unclear whether she be about to cry or vomit . whichever it be , she run out into the backyard to do it . Patrick go after she . ext . ray' back yard --moment later helene 's make - up be a mess . Patrick stand next to she . patrick it 's okay . . . helene I just want my daughter home with I . patrick do cheese know you be on the ride with Ray ? helene I think so . patrick okay . . . where 's the money , helene ? poole and bressant emerge from the house . helene right here . patrick where ? helene I bury it when Ray be pass out . ext . ray' back yard - later close on : a bag in a freshly dug hole in the dirt . poole what be that book about ' everything you need be in you own backyard ? ' it 's a french book . he pull a duffel bag from the ground . he open it to reveal ninety five thousand in cash . bressant that be not a book . it be a cartoon helene know . helene fuck you . angie so , you bring in the FBI at this point ? bressant that 's the worst thing we could do . angie why be that ? bressant ' Cause I do not want cheese to open a bag full of newspaper and kill amanda . angie it ' 's kidnap . bressant I do not see a note . ( turn to poole ) you see a note ? poole nope . bressant we be investigate a miss child 's case . have nothing to do with kidnap . he turn to Patrick and Angie . bressant ( cont ' D ) fastest way amanda get home be we go to he , swap the money for she and walk away . poole so everyone keep they mouth shut . ( beat ) helene . helene ( to Patrick , look for help ) do you know cheese ? patrick when we be ten . he hardly speak English . his brother Jude be a sweet kid . ( beat ) cheese go another way . helene he would not hurt she , right ? poole ( indicate house ) ask Ray . angie ( to helene ) you know how he get he name ? helene no . angie he move here when I do . there be a lot of tension between black american kid and haitian - and he get it the worst . he have no run water at home . this one girl be on he real hard ' cause he smell bad , call he ' cheese . ' all of a sudden , he break a bottle , hold she down , and carve the word cheese in she face . she lose a eye . someone find it on the sidewalk the next day . patrick and the name stick . angie but I be sure amanda will be fine . bressant just keep you mouth shut , okay ? we can get she back . it will be fine . I have no fear of this idiot . helene ( to bressant ) you be gonna talk to he ? bressant that 's the next step , yeah . helene tell he I be sorry . tell he I apologize . poole sorry go a long way . helene ( sniffles , remember fondly ) she 's a handful , that one . at least I know she 's give they hell . they react to this woman 's feeble grip on reality . patrick what about Ray ? bressant you know what percentage of murder be solve last year in Boston ? twenty nine . less in chelsea . poole take she home . we will handle chelsea . they move to go . helene I be hungry . patrick we ' 11 get you some food . helene no , she . that 's the last thing she say to I before I put she to bed . she say , ' I fm hungry . " I mean , they feed she , right ? she 's not still hungry ? patrick I do nft know . ext . helene's apartment - magic hour Angie wait in a idling car while Patrick walk helene to the door of she apartment . W d of l l y with i t h they a 's t h e y g e t of u t of for t h e c a be and c be of 's 's t h e E 's t be e e t . a 's we d of 's of we p u 's h i n . when we a be e t i g h t enough , we be e v e a l helene h a 's 's t a be t e d t of c be y . helene I know I for u c k e d u p . ( crying intensifies ) I want my d a u g h t e be b a c k . I 's with e a be t of God I ' 1 n e v e be u 's e no d be u g 's no more , I for 1 1 1 n e v e be go of u t , I ' 1 b e for u c k i n ' straight . 1 C be of 's 's my h e a be t . patrick I t ' 's okay , with e ' l l for i n d h e be . helene promise y of u ' l l g e t h e be back . p l e a 's e . patrick 1/11 t be y . I with i l l . helene you h a v e t of promise . Patrick look a t she . patrick I promise . a i n t be e p i d field reporter be e a l i z e 's h e l e n e i 's t h e r e and t h be u 's t 's a microphone i n h e be for a c e . intrepid field reporter ( faux concern ) h e l e n e , with i t h t i m e be u n n i n g of u t on d a y t h be e e , do you for e a be t h e with of be 's t ? most c h i l d be e n miss t h i 's long a be e k i l l e d . patrick ( t of helene ) go i n 's i d e . helene i 's 's c be a m b l e d , 's h e make h e be way u p t h e 's t e p 's . the be e p of be t e be for of l l of with 's . p a t be i c k p u t 's h i 's h a n d 's on he . patrick ( cont ' D ) hey . hey . fuck of for for . E X T . roxbury men' club roof - S N setting T night U o Wide a n g l e l e n s e 's t a b l i 's h i n g 's h of t . time l a p 's e . ext . roxbury street - night Patrick and Angie roll through roxbury , enjoy a few wither glance direct at two white people in a late model american car . ext . cheese ' S apartment , shawmut ave . roxbury - night Patrick and Angie emerge from they car as poole and bressant do the same . poole light a cigarette . bressant where do you think you be go ? patrick to talk to cheese . poole no you be not . bressant get back in you car . patrick that 's a mistake . he will never talk to a badge . I know he . if there 's a deal to be broker we be the one who can do it . bressant no. I and Nick be handle this . this be too important . patrick if you two go in , negotiate a ransom for a girl , then it be kidnap and that 's the FBI . angie all you be gonna do be scare he and the more scared he be the worse it be for she . the look at each other . patrick do you want to get the kid back or not ? bressant I be gonna take that as a rhetorical question . patrick sit fuckin ' tight . we know he , he 111 talk to we and we will be right back . CUT to : a pipe be smoked . marijuana burn int . cheese's house , back room - minute later cheese be a long time . cheese jean baptiste sit in frame . he be a wiry , intense man who look over Patrick and Angie suspiciously . along with cheese , there be a man ( CHRIS mullen , 30 ) and a woman ( cheese 's girlfriend , 22 , from Laos ) . there be flat screen plasma tvs , pile of clothes and nearly sixty box of sneaker against one wall . Patrick and Angie sit opposite cheese . cheese exhales . he gesture to he girlfriend . cheese ( cont ' D ) I be a talk some private shit . she start to go . Chris remain . cheese ( cont ' D ) but do not get too far . girl you know I ' 11 be right here . he look they over . he be languid but extremely intimidating . cheese bitches love the cheddar . small laugh . patrick how you be , Chris ? CHRIS mullen better than you . patrick good to hear it . cheese ( to CHRIS ) be cool . ( beat ) be too long not to see a fool . I give you a audience . ( beat ) go. Patrick and anqie exchange look . he go . patrick we find what you be lookin ' for in chelsea . cheese what make you think I be concerned with the doing in chelsea ? patrick Cause I know one of the idiot who rob you life there . cheese what idiot ? patrick the one you just kill . cheese I do not know about nobody gettin ' kill . if someone rob I and end up dead , you know , life a mar ' fucker . he look at Chris , they smile . Angie lean forward . angie cheese , I appreciate you be see we . I know you be busy so we ' 11 be quick . ( beat ) we have you money . it be bury in Ray ' 's backyard . ( beat ) we want to give it back to you in exchange for amanda . the two police outside be the only other people who know . they be willing to risk they career to do this quietly and they have send we in here to demonstrate that . they do not want to investigate you or prosecute you for anything -- they just want the girl back . cheese what you talkin ' about ? what girl ? angie ( patience tried ) you know what girl . cheese . amanda mccready . who have nothing to do with helene steal from you . ( beat ) do not punish she for who she mother be . ( beat ) tell we where to meet you , tell we what you term be and we will do whatever make you comfortable . you will get you money and you make you point . just give we amanda . please . cheese seem confuse . patrick cheese , look at I . no one give a fuck what you do . I never even like Ray . you get the money . the girl go home to she mother we will say we find she in the bush or whatever . cheese I do nft know . patrick no . Don ' t do this , bro . this be n ' t the time for that . this be where you take the offer . it 's either this real quiet or it 's ten thousand fuckin ' cop kickin ' the door down and arrest everybody . cheese , very casually , take a handgun from out of he waistband . he examine it . patrick ( cont 'd ) yo , yo , what be this ? cheese first of all , do not never come up in my spot like that . you get my money ? you can leave that shit in the mailbox on you ass way out . feel I ? some other motherfucker let fool rob on them . I do not play scrimmage -- but I do not fuck with no kid -- something occur to cheese . cheese ( cont ' D ) hold up . cheese indicate Patrick 's shirt with he pistol . cheese ( cont ' D ) lift up yo shirt . ( beat ) what ? you think we be cool ? I be not down with you . do not l e t I see a wire . . . a little take aback , Patrick lift he shirt up . cheese ( cont 'd ) ( to angie ) you , too , baby . show I they teton . from behind , we see she lift she shirt , expose she bra . cheese seem satisfied . he take another whack at the pipe . cheese ( cont ' D ) I know one " mccready . " kept a bitch in my stable by that name . no titty , fuck up shit goin ' on with the face -- but you give she the right shit she get freaky . bounce up and down on yo shit . pop ! pop ! go t h e with e a 's e l . he go back for the pipe , seem to lose he concentration . Patrick unsnap he holster , subtly . patrick if you point a gun at she again I be gonna pull you fuckin ' card , okay ? ( beat ) you ' be say you do not do it ? okay . what other choice do I have ? we will take you money and go along we way . ( beat ) but if I find out you ' be lie , I will spend every nickel of you money dedicated to fuckin ' you up . I will bribe cop to go after you , I will pay guy to go after you crew , I will tell everyone I know that you be a c.i. and a rat -- and I know a lot of people . cheese . after that , you be gonna wish you have listen to I . ( more ) patrick ( cont 'd ) ' Cause you shitty pool - hall crime syndicate headquarters will be raid , you doped up bitch will get send back to Laos and this dumb mutherfucker ( re : CHRIS ) will be testify against you for a reduce sentence while you end up in a cell with a big motherfucker , he dick and you Zippo ' cause from what I hear , guy who kill kid be not treat too good in concord . but maybe I be wrong . maybe thing be different this day . cheese do not never speak to I that way . ( he smile ) you be not shit . yo bitch be not shit . neither one of y'all motherfucker be shit . fuck both ya ' 11 . if you do not have two pig out in my meadow - -! put a round in both you head right now . cheese 's eye narrow , he pupil like black pinprick in he irise . cheese ( cont ' D ) and if that girl only hope be you . I pray for she . she be go , baby . go . he laugh . cheese ( cont ' D ) out . and if I see you on the street , I be a get discourteous on you . they get up . cheese ( cont 'd ) and get this sausage off my lawn . he indicate poole and bressant who can be see through the window , smoking on a small patch of dirt outside the apartment . ext . cheese's apartment , shawmut ave . roxbury - moment later52 Patrick and anqie approach poole and bressant . Patrick shake he head . poole what happen ? angie he say he do not know anything but if we have he money we could leave it in the mailbox . bressant be that what he tell you ? patrick yeah , that 's it . poole he say nothing else ? patrick he want you off he fuckin ' lawn . poole I think you know the guy . bressant half the guy he grow up with be degenerate . patrick you know what the other half be ? bressant what ? patrick cop . but do not hold it against I . bressant Nah . you know what I hold against you ? we have one chance to make this deal . you say you know he , you say you could do it and you fuck it up . now we have to get a warrant for a tap , start surveillance and hope to Christ we get lucky . if that cost amanda she life , I will not have to hold it against you . you will hold it against yourself for a good , long time . angie be apt - night int patrick &amp ; Patrick and Angie in they bedroom . it 's late and they can not sleep . a local news repeat run on the television woven into they dialogue . in effect , it will play like background . angie look , the Police take over be not necessarily a bad thing . patrick no ? angie they see more child exploitation in a week than we could in a career ... patrick make you want to have kid . this get angle 's attention . she look at he . angie do it make you not want to ? Patrick drink he beer . patrick there 's a political party in Holland that openly advocate pedophelia and win seat in parliament . in America four hundred thousand kid get abuse every year . there be half a million convict , register sex offender , two - third of they for molest child under fourteen , there be a hundred thousand child porn web site . they bust one in texas have seventy thousand member -- people who give they credit card . . . there 's a group , the ' rene guyo n ' society , whose motto be ' sex before eight or it 's too late . ' there 's a rise in the victimization of ' pre-verbal ' child , for the obvious reason that they can not report they accuser . one in five american girl be sexually abuse or victimize before they turn eighteen . but only one third of that every tell anyone in they lifetime that they be abuse . she give he a look : 'oh , really ? ' patrick ( cont ' D ) I read that in two minute on the computer while you be take a shower . angie and that tell you you do not want child . patrick it tell I there be not enough gas chamber . a beat . patrick ( cont ' D ) I ' d love to have a kid . angie yeah ? patrick I be just not sure a kid would love to be here . she look sympathetic . patrick ( cont ' D ) I do not want to be the guy who fuck this up . int . patrick angie' apartment , bedroom - morning &amp ; Patrick be asleep . angle be on the far side of the bed . the phone ring . angie yeah ? bressant guess you do something right . angie what ? bressant cheese come around . call in and say he want to make a drop . Said he leave something in you mailbox . angie really ? bressant well , you be gonna have to check the mailbox yourself , but yeah . angie great . bressant it be and it be not . they tape call come into the station now . angie what do that mean ? bressant it mean Jack hear about it , he want you down here and he 's fuckin ' piss . angie be apt - morning ext . patrick &amp ; they walk out the front door and , sure enough , there be a envelope in the mailbox . but what get they attention be that jamme into the box , along with the letter be amanda be blanket . Patrick take it out , hand it to Angie . they react . int . boston police department build day - Patrick and Angie follow devin down the hall . patrick what be you do here ? devin when the boss want you meet , he only send the best . angie or when he want you bring up the back way . devin smile . devin that , too . they walk through a area with cell in it that look medieval . they move through another door into a small control room . then they walk into a lobby . he come to a stop at doyle 's secretary's desk . his secretary , rene ( 3 0 , attractive ) seem to know devin . devin ( cont 'd ) ( be : doyle 's ofice ) he in there ? she nod . rene yeah he say just let them in . devin that 's what he say ? she do not answer . devin turn to Patrick and Angie . devin ( cont 'd ) good luck . he start back . they turn to the door and enter . int . doyle's office - day Patrick and Angie fail at enter unobtrusively . poole and bressant be be lecture by Captain Jack doyle . doyle turn he attention ( for the first time ) to Patrick and Angie . doyle ( to Patrick and Angie ) you be late . doyle pick up a paper transcript and hand it to Patrick . doyle ( cont 'd ) this be the transcript of a call that be record come into the station this morning . Care to read the highlight portion ? Patrick read . patrick caller : bitch you better have my money . Patrick look up . the room be quite . he continue : patrick ( cont ' D ) detective bressant : who be this ? caller : you know who the fuck this be , fool ( creole curse word ) - if you want that girl back you need to meet I up quincy tonight . fuck around for a minute and I throw that girl in the lake . doyle the " lake " he refer to be the water in the abandon quarry . he refer to the transcript . doyle ( cont ' D ) detective bressant go on to make a unauthorize ransom arrangement to exchange amanda mccready for a hundred and thirty thousand dollar , tonight in just that location . a moment of quiet . doyle gesture toward bressant . doyle ( cont ' D ) after some discussion , detective bressant be kind enough to produce this : he indicate the bag of money on he desk . doyle ( cont ' D ) look familiar ? Patrick and angle offer a guilty plea by they silence . doyle ( cont 'd ) see as you two make the initial contact -- angie Captain , we be concerned for the safety of -- doyle I understand what you concern be . my concern , interestingly , be also for the well be of that child . and now that concern have be elevate because of the risky and ill-advise course of action you people have take . ( beat ) ( more ) doyle ( cont ' D ) the four of you have make I party to a illegal activity without my knowledge or consent and I do not fuck appreciate it . bressant you do not have to be party to it , sir . . . doyle the hell I do not . if I delay this now , after this agreement , it would only further endanger the life of this girl . do that sound like something you expect I to do ? patrick I will accept responsibility for -- doyle you ' 11 accept -- Don ' t come in here and get noble with I . responsibility be earn . you can not take something you have no shoulder for . he gather he composure . doyle ( cont ' D ) let I see the note . Patrick produce the note and the blanket . doyle ( cont 'd ) good god. CUT to : int . tactical briefing room - minute later remy and Nick stand with Patrick and Angie go over the ransom map which be tack to the wall . next to it be a geographical survey of the quarry and a street map of the surround area . bressant they want to separate we . he point to diverge path on the map . bressant ( cont 'd ) the note instruct you two to wait here on the south side for amanda and Nick and I to be at the clear by the edge with the money . ( more ) bressant ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) once amanda be turn over to you at you position , call we on the radio and we will turn over the cash . doyle , have be observe , interject . doyle this man will not come alone . who be he likely to bring ? patrick Chris mullen be in the apartment when we make the offer . doyle what do you know about he ? patrick well , it be probably he that kill Ray for cheese . if I have to guess . poole he do not ask you what you guess . he ask you what do you know . patrick I know he 's a six foot , thirty year old , caucasian heroin addict . and I know it be he , not cheese , who roll up pokey Jackson and shot he in the head . ( beat ) so there 's that , too . remy be the voice of reason today . bressant I think we be all set here , Captain . doyle no one else know about this , correct ? Angie have a concern . angie I just wonder .. . doyle ( turn to ask : ) yes ? angie be we rationalize this ? I mean , would not a hundred police up there be better for she than the four of we ? doyle stop . doyle what do that mean ? angie I be ask if keep this quiet be better for amanda , or be it better for we ? doyle be opaque . doyle do you have any child , miss gennaro ? she shake she head . doyle ( cont 'd ) then you have never lose one . my only child be murder . she be twelve . you hear about it ? the question be rhetorical . doyle ( cont 'd ) what you do not hear , what you don ' t know , be what that feel like . there be article on the wall . cop father of slain child vow : never again . doyle ( cont ' D ) what I live with ? be know my daughter likely die cry out for I to protect she , to come save she . ( beat ) and that I never come . ( beat ) she die afraid and alone , in a shallow ditch bank , a few foot from the road and not ten minute from we house . silence . doyle ( cont 'd ) I know what it be - to lose my child . he now get more upset than he usually do deliver this speech . doyle ( cont 'd ) God damn it . ( beat ) you force my hand and then question the way I handle to it ? question I ? bressant ( to angie ) no one 's question you . he relax a little . doyle I honor my daughter with this , this division , so no parent have to live what I have know . . . not even a woman like helene mccready . ( beat ) that girl -- ( indicate photo of amanda ) be all I care about . and we be go to bring she home . ext . aerial establishing quincy quarry - sunset from the sky , light by the last sliver of light from a set sun , we see the quincy quarry . it have become , in essence , a huge lake , set a hundred or so foot into a rock quarry and surround by acre of dense pine . as we travel past the quarry , we see patrick car in a parking lot . SUN just set ext . quarry parking lot - the car idle . Patrick and Angie sit inside . angie why be he bring we all the way up here ? patrick Dark , big , make sure he can get away . angie no. something 's wrong . patrick all he want be the money . he just do not want to get arrest do it . angie they be gonna kill she . I can feel it . he look out the window . ext quarry trail - night Angie , Patrick , bressant , &amp ; poole follow up a steep incline . remy have the bag of money . poole this asshole could have pick somewhere on level ground . bressant keep the light off for now . angie be this where all the peak rock have name ? patrick ( list the name of the peak ) running tierny , Leo , Dan , gooch , jigger , goreski and runnin ' Mike . poole where would they get that fuckin ' name ? patrick from the kid who die tryin ' to jump off they .. ext . quarry trail - moment later more climb . it start to get steep . some stone come loose underfoot and trickle downhill . we see that the quarry rock be cover in the graffiti leave by previous visitor . they walk in silence . ext quarry top - night - moment later they crest the hill . the city light be behind they and we move to reveal the quarry water below and the edge before they . the path fork in two , opposite direction . bres sant ( to Patrick &amp ; Angie ) this be where we part way poole ( smile ) divide and conquer . ( cont ' D ) poole be careful . angie you be careful . bressant call we on the radio when you have she . patrick we will . bressant crane he neck . a nervous tick . finally : bressant fuck it . and with that , he and poole turn and head into the darkness . - moment later path Patrick &amp ; Angie be on a steep incline . the vast openness of the quarry loom on they right . they climb still higher , finally arrive at ' rooftop . ' Patrick look around . the view be breathtaking , but that be not it . it do not make sense . patrick how be they gonna get amanda to we up here -- a splash in the water break the silence -- gunfire and two muzzle flash on the opposite side . staccato voice come across the radio punctuate by gunfire . poole ( walkie ) remy , watch out ! bressant ( walkie ) I heard a splash ! Patrick and Angie take off run toward the gunfire . - ext . quarry trail continuous Patrick and Angie come fly down the trail , skitter and fall . at one point Patrick come perilously close to the edge but rights himself . they flashlight come on , bob up and down frantically as they make they way back to poole and bressant at a full on sprint . they can hear poole and bressant out loud now , without the walky . poole ( o.s. ) something went in ! bressant ( 0.s ) nicky watch out ! ( beat ) there he goe ! more shot . ext . quarry , clearing cliff - moment later Patrick and Angie run down the trail and approach a clear . poole and bressant be near its edge , chest heaving , and frantically look down into the quarry . Patrick trip and go fly , nearly landing on cheese be body , shot dead . angie where do she fall !? Patrick get up and run to the quarry edge . poole we hear it , too . bressant first thing I see be something go in . angie where be she ?! patrick what happen ? bressant we get one , the other take off . Patrick and Angie scour the water with they flashlight . patrick right there ! something in the water . a flash of something flesh - color . the minute she see it , Angie sail out over the cliff and into the water . his flashlight find angie swimming determinedly toward something . he scan and see what she 's after : amanda' doll floating in the water . poole Jesus . she dive beneath the surface . . . and finally emerge near the edge of the lake . she grab hold of a outcropping . in she other hand she hold amanda' doll , mirabelle . we move in on Angie , clutching the nightgown and the doll -- shiver in the frigid , black water . dissolve : int . angier hospital room - continuous Angie be in bed watch a news report , she leg bandage from be slashed open on the rock . before Patrick enter we move in a long lens , near macro shot along Angie , beginning on darkness , then onto she bandage leg , across the arm with a iv in it , stain by iodine and rest on she face . patrick be you leg alright ? angie it will be . you hear anything ? patrick cop find no one up there . shocker . I guess as soon as they have the money , someone shot cheese and another guy come out shootin' . they must have toss she in . angie why ? patrick I do not know . she see they face . for some people that 's enough . angie but you and I could recognize Chris . patrick remy say the other two kid be black . so it be not Chris . angie have they find she ? patrick no , but they get diver up there now , so .. . angie then she could be alive . she could be hide . she could be stick . . . patrick yeah but , the one cop tell I that two year ago some guy kill he wife and dumped she in there -- the diver find the body . . . but it be so dark they lose it and then they could never find it again . there 's so many crag and outcropping and old car and shit . ( beat ) so do not get you hope up . he see she be cry . patrick ( cont 'd ) oh , hey . it 's okay . I know . she bend over , more emotional pain than physical . she curl she knee up to she chin , hold she abdomen , in obvious pain . Patrick climb into bed with she , wrap she in he arm . angie I be sorry . . . I be sorry . . patrick Don ' t say that . angie I be sorry .. . patrick it 's okay . we creep back slowly as the news play . doyle ( on tv ) . . . every effort to recover she remain so the mccready family can have a proper burial . however this quarry be extremely deep and treacherous . all too often she keep that which she take in . . . they cut back to the anchor desk . anchor ( on tv ) well , a sad end to that story , susanne . susanne ( on tv ) yes it be , phil . anchor ( on tv ) ron be next with Sports . the bruin in action tonight ? ron ( on tv ) yes , they be , phil . the B for 's take a crack at the Flyers tonight and the rough stuff start in the first perio-- dissolve 0. patrick ( V . ) and like that . she be go . passage of time sequence . music over . angie be apt - night int . patrick &amp ; Patrick get a beer out of the refrigerator . patrick ( V. 0 . ) I try to catch my balance , but the world keep turn forward . angie be apt - night int . patrick &amp ; Patrick in the live room . the only light be the television . on tv : a mug shot of CHRIS mullen . patrick ( V . ) 0. Chris ' run last a day and a half until , from what they could tell , he run into someone else who want the money even more than he do . newscaster # 2 a dorchester man be gun down today . . . field reporter # 7 in the third dorchester slay in as many day , 29 year old Chris mullen be gun down in a apparent robbery . the Police commissioner defend the rise tide of crime as a statistical abberation tie to grow umemployment and the humidity of a unusually sweltering summer month . int . same - later Patrick lie on the couch , heavy . the coffee table be pile high with empty beer can . patrick ( V . ) 0. you could not turn on the television without another kid go and fear whatever . another horror story . newscaster ( on tv ) miss for four day and shrewsbury be grip with fear . after Jimmy pietro 's disappearance , door be lock and community watch patrol be be form -- int . boston police department build , 4th district - day box be be pile and a photo of doyle be among they . newscaster # 3 a chief under fire . the legendary captain of a unit dedicated to child step down today in the aftermath of controversy . road - day ext . townsend doyle 's ' summer cottage . ' he pull up in a suburban and get out of the car . the first time we see he in plain-clothes he look humble . int . father' four bar - montage bressant and poole drink with Patrick patrick it 's bullshit . he be try to save she life . poole they do not see it that way . patrick can he fight it ? bressant when you gamble , you do not put money on the table if you be gonna cry about lose it . patrick what do he get ? bressant the dignity of early retirement -- and the humiliation of half a pension . patrick what about you guy ? poole you do not have to call remy ' sergeant ' detective anymore . bressant hey look , it 's patrolman raftopolous - they laugh . int . funeral parlor basement montage - the small room be full of people at a wake for amanda . helene sit up front with lionel , Bea , and dottie . Patrick and Angie stand near the rear . patrick ( V . ) 0. there be other who do not share they gift for stoicism . a small mount photo of amanda sit in a empty and impossibly small casket . helene start to rock back and forth , then let it go -- a fountain of grief and a future of unending pain . patrick ( V. ) ( cont 'd ) 0. they call off the search and issue helene a death certificate . she elect to have a memorial service with a child 's casket there as a symbol . the guilt , shame and agony inside helene , finally find they way out . helene open she mouth with a cry , too painful for sound . angie' apt , bathroom - montage int . patrick &amp ; Patrick come in , Angie be in the bathtub patrick hey . Angie do not say anything . patrick ( cont ' D ) I be sorry . angie it 's not you fault . patrick yeah it be . I want to do this . angie I do , too . patrick I be sorry this happen to we . ( beat ) I want it back like it be . angie it ' 's okay . ( try ) it ' 's just rain . angie be apt - night int . patrick &amp ; Patrick come home . close the front door . he move down the hallway . patrick ( V . ) 0. and when she do not think I be home , or if she think I could not hear , she would cry . the bathroom door be close but a sliver of light and a shadow can be see in the crack below . newscaster # 2 ( o.s. ) a miss boy , a bicycle , leave roadside . a tire leave spin . wanda ? int live bootleg happy hour - the news play on a tv behind the bar . patrick ( V. 0 . ) I do the only thing that seem to help . I drank . . . and for a few hour the world would go quiet and I could breathe . Patrick sit at the bar with bubba . patrick ( cont ' D ) I do not know . it just seem a little gay to have a couch like that bubba who be you , fuckinf martha Stewart ? patrick do you even know who that be ? bubba I know she be in the can . he get up , swallow the last og he beer . bubba ( cont ' D ) I need you to come on a ride with I . patrick where ? bubba Everett . beat . patrick why the fuck you want to go up Everett for ? no party in Lynn ? bubba something I want you to see patrick you already take I to the portuguese strip bar in Lynn . that place be tired . bubba you get you toast ? patrick my what ? bubba you gun , dummy . ext . route 1a - sunset , magic hour bubba 's Navigator , full chrome package cruise down the parkway . int . bubba' navigator continuous - bubba and Patrick ride silently . Patrick drink a Beer . ext . everett STREET dusk - this use to be a neighborhood where family live and work in factory nearby . the factory be long go and the family with they . all that remain be the ghost of they home , derelict and near abandon for decade . they be ringed sparsely by the kind of industrial facility self - respect neighborhood will not permit . the Navigator pull up outside a particularly decrepit house . int . bubba' navigator - continuous bubba take a beretta from beneath he seat . he check the clip . Patrick give he a look . bubba calm down . I be do you a favor . patrick you be ? bubba you be lookin ' for someone . I find ' they for you . patrick the case be over . bubba you d of n ' t c a be e a b of u t t h a t corwin E a be l e dude n of more ? T h i 's i 's a g e n u i n e q u e 's t i of n . bubba go of u t of for h i 's way t of h e l p p a t be i c k and now for e e l 's a l i t t l e h u be t . bubba ( cont ' D ) ' Cause t h e for a t b i t c h and t h e of l d d u d e a be e i n t h e be e . m man d i d n ' t know a b of u t t h e y diddler . ( beat ) watch my 's i d e a n d with e ' l l be of l l u p on t h i 's for of of l and 's e e i for t h a t m of t h e be for u c k e be ' 's i n there . ( beat ) but b e be e a d y . W m i g h t have t of g e t down E a n d I d of n ' t want t of 's e e you g e t k i l l e d . patrick ( getting out ) L e t ' 's go . he l of of k 's a t p a t be i c k . p a t be i c k of p e n 's t h e d of of be . ext . everett STREET - continuous bubba and p a t be i c k walk up t h e 's t e p 's . bubba pound h i 's for i 's t on the door . two b of l t 's u n l of c k with i t h a sharp SNAP and t h e d of of be c be a c k 's of p e n . p e e be i n g t h be of u g h t h e n a be be of with of p e n i n g i 's leon trett . leon Jerome m i l l e be ? bubba no , i t ' 's t h e c of k e for a i be y . open u p . leon I g of t t h e money be i g h t h e be e . bubba marmaduke . you t h i n k y of u ' be e gonna hand I money on a p of be c h ? open t h e for u c k i n ' d of of be . a b e a t . the d of of be snap of p e n . they h e a d i n . leon ( be e : p a t be i c k ) who 's h e ? bubba he ' 's you father ( move he aside ) look out . leon trett okay , chill . int trett house - continuous bubba and Patrick step inside . it 's a dirty , grim place . they follow Leon down a hallway and through several room . Music come from upstairs . bubba you guy startin ' a band ? int kitchen - later bubba throw Leon a small " taste bag . " Leon toss bubba a knot of money . Leon promptly empty the bag and snort it from atop he close fist . bubba sigh at the mess of money he ' 's be give . bubba organizational skill be poor . roberta trett , a large and unattractive woman appear . roberta I tell you to call I when it get here . leon it just get here . roberta you already do some . leon I do two l i n e 's . that be the taste bag . Leon give Patrick a look : woman . roberta pop Leon in the face . he hold he hand to he face roberta that 's for gettin ' wise . leon I say I be sorry . roberta take the bag and snort some from she pinky nail . bubba ( give Patrick money ) Patrick , count this . . . fuckin ' mess . bubba start walk around . leon where 's the rest ? bubba look into the next room . bubba ( offhand ) soon as he 's finish count . roberta and Leon exchange a look . patrick a hundred . one fifty . . . roberta Mr. Miller . do you mind ? bubba no . I do not mind . he walk past they and look into the back . roberta Excuse I . bubba I say I donrt mind . Patrick be still count . patrick four eighty . . . Leon nervously finger a little martial art knife . leon trett please donrt poke around , sir . bubba relax . roberta Excuse I . bubba keep go , move toward the back of the house . leon trett where t h e for u c k you t h i n k y of u ' be e g of i n g ? bubba i 's h e a d i n g t of with a be d t h e 's t a i r 's . roberta Excuse I ! he k e e p 's g of i n g b a c k . roberta ( cont ' D ) m i 's t e be m i l l e be , I ' m warning y of u . Leon and R of b e be t a for of l l of with he b a c k t of t h e 's t a i r 's . bubba l of of k 's up and b e g i n 's t of a 's c e n d when : roberta ( cont ' D ) stop ! T h i 's i 's a d i for for e r e n t t of n e . he l of of k 's u p . she i 's h of l d i n g a c be a p p y l i t t l e revolver . they have a b e a t . bubba ( deadpan ) Patrick , shoot t h i 's bitch . she t u be n 's t of 's e e patrick 's t a n d i n g b e h i n d h e be , h of l d i n g h i 's gun . he h a 's d be of p p e d t h e money on t h e for l of of be . bubba l of of k 's be i g h t i n h e be for a c e . bubba ( cont ' D ) you for a t , b u 's t e d c u n t . you p u t a gun on I , you b e t t e be for u c k i n ' u 's e i t . a beat . bubba ( cont ' D ) you d of n ' t want t of 's h of of t h e be , Patrick ? she be u n 's of u t of for of p t i of n 's . roberta J u 's t give we t h e fuckin ' wizza . bubba what t h e for u c k i 's a ' with i z z a ? ' bubba h e a be 's 's of m e t h i n g a t t h e t of p of for t h e 's t a i r 's . bubba ( cont ' D ) who 's t h i 's ? corwin E a be l e h a 's c r e p t i n t of t h e room and i 's p e be c h e d a t t h e t of p of for t h e 's t a i r 's . he with e a be 's a silver C h a I N and medallion around h i 's with be i 's t . roberta corwin , go b a c k t of y of u be room . he 's l i n k 's of for for . bubba and p a t be i c k t be a d e l of of k 's . roberta ( cont ' D ) give u 's what we p a i d for of be . bubba t h i n k 's . bubba how much money be t h a t , p a t be i c k ? patrick a thousand . bubba be e a c h e 's i n t of h i 's p of c k e t and p u l l 's of u t a b a g . he empties I T on the h L W y floor . al a bubba T h e be e you go , l a d y . he 's t a be t 's of u t . p a t be i c k move t of for of l l of with . bubba ( cont ' D ) ( t of Patrick ) where you g of i n ' ? p i c k up t h e money . boom . a trunk open as we CUT T the next scene o ext . trett house - minute later poole and bressant who be i for l e t h r of u g h t h e i be t be u n k , p u t t i n g on v e 's t 's and be e a d y i n g t h e i be weapon . patrick T h e be e ' 's a t l e a 's t two gun i n t h e h of u 's e . R of b e be t a ' 's c a be be y i n g h e be 's on h e be . bressant what e l 's e ? patrick they be d e for i n i t e l y high . bressant on with h a t ? patrick Cocaine . bressant ( wink ) that what you ' friend ' tell ya ? poole swat will be here in five minute . patrick you be not gonna wait for they ? bressant ( to patrick ) do you or do you not tell I that you see corwin earle with the medallion of St. Christopher on he fuck wrist ? patrick I think it be a medallion . ( beat ) it be definitely corwin earle . bressant we ' be not wait . poole cock the shotgun . bressant pick up the radio in he car . poole stay here . do not fuck around . bressant ( rapid fire cop speak ) 290 , german Road . suspect 1860 move in now . possible captive in danger . bressant throw the radio on he seat and start for the house . as he go , he turn back to Patrick . bressant ( cont ' D ) ( genuine ) Nice job . as they reach the sidewalk out front , bressant cut across the yard toward the side of the house . poole head for the front door . bressant do a one arm cock of the shotgun before disappear from Patrick 's sight . ext . trett house continuous - poole ring the buzzer and step back .. shot FIRE through the door and clip into poole . it seem almost too clumsy to be real . he fall over , hold he neck . a moment of stunned silence , then : Patrick run from the car . stay low , he race for the cover of the front yard of the house . bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang Patrick trip take cover and be splay across the muddy grass , look over he shoulder . Patrick reach poole and lie on top of he . he messily check for a pulse , get smear with blood . poole be tear up . several round hit where the vest be not , include he neck . he grunt . Patrick fumble for he cell phone . patrick there 's a officer shot . Shots fire . a officer down at ( he look up at the door ) two-nine -zero german St. Patrick hear shot from inside . he leave he phone by poole and head inside . howling can be hear from within . int trett house - continuous the foyer floor be spatter with blood . he cautiously move forward . into a completely bare room . he move to the hallway . just inside the hall a body lie motionless on its stomach . Patrick inch through the door , crouch next to the body , and crane he head . it 's Leon trett : dead . Patrick momentarily pause to examine Leon . boom a gunshot explode and a slug rip into the wall above Patrick 's head , shower he in plaster . look up , he see roberta trett at the far end of the hall grip she revolver . boom boom , two more shot bury into the wall . roberta ( enraged ) get away from he ! get away from leon ! she charge . Patrick whip open a door opposite the one he just come through and leap out of the hallway . . . and trip up a staircase smacking he face against the -- wood . . . roberta fire up at he . he scramble up the stair and crash he body against a steel door at the top . it fly open and he tumble through . int . corwin' bedroom - continuous Patrick spin over and kick the door close . he spring to he foot , throw he body against the door , and lock it with the heavy dead bolt on the police door . wham . roberta slam into the other side of the door with everything she 's get . she do it again , wham . and again , wham . but the door hold . Patrick turn to survey he surroundings . Patrick move to another room outfit with a coffee table pile high with empty beer can , a fray couch , a small tv . the room connect to a small bedroom . Patrick step toward . a soiled , bare mattress lie in one corner . Patrick step in , he gun raise . . . and find himself stare directly into the face of : corwin earle . crouched on the floor , naked from the waist down and wear a half -shirt . his stare be bug-ey &amp ; frighten . corwin stare at Patrick , scared . patrick Don ' t move . corwin earle it be a accident . he look up at Patrick like a whipped dog , eye shifting nervously to the door . Patrick cautiously push open the door to the bathroom . he look in the sink . there be bloody child 's underwear soaking . then Patrick look in the bathtub . black . and see , curl in the fetal position , SAMUEL pietro , gag , bound and suffocate . his bluish face freeze in a scream . black . the blood rush from Patrick 's head . he retch violently . black Close on corwin , really scared . really sorry . corwin earle ( cont ' D ) I do not mean to . black . he stand over corwin earle and pull back on the trigger . it take longer and require more strength than he think it would to fire . bang Patrick fire a round into corwin earle 's head . black . int trett house moment later - Patrick stand in the threshold of the police door stare at the mammoth corpse of roberta trett , which lie at the bottom of the stairwell . bressant stand over she . he look up at Patrick . black . ext . trett house - night Patrick stand with officer who take he statement . black . a tiny black body bag be wheeled past Patrick on a gurney . black . int hospital hallway - night Patrick walk a bright shadow - less corridor . &amp ; int . i.c.u. night - Patrick approach the room where poole be bury in tube and surround by family . his wife and two daughter look up at Patrick . black . night int . hospital hallway - Patrick stand , look out a window into black . we hold he face and it 's reflection in the glass : a two shot . in the reflection , we see angle come up behind Patrick and put she arm around he . we dolly over to make they a 2 - shot . angie hey . . . she put she hand up to he face , the side of he head . angie ( cont ' D ) be you okay ? he look out through the glass . patrick no . she look at he . feel he . patrick ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) Nick get shot . angie I h e a be d . how i 's h e ? patrick he 's i n with i t h h i 's for a m i l y . angie you find t h e boy ? patrick I g of t wet t of d a y . angie I know . ( beat ) I ' m p be of u d of for you . p a t be i c k l of of k 's a t h e be , 's u be p be i 's e d by t h i 's . a N G I E ( cont ' D ) T h a t man k i l l e d a c h i l d . he have no be i g h t t of live . p a t be i c k t u be n 's around t of for a c e h e be . patrick you be p be of u d of for I ? angie of c of u be 's e I be . ( beat ) you d i d what you have t of d of . now l e t ' 's go home . patrick I need t of 's t a y h e be e for of be a with h i l e . angie why ? patrick go home . I ' l l b e back t h e be e soon . angie be you 's u be e ? patrick yeah . ( beat ) I want t of be h e be e now . he nod , l of of k i n g b a c k of for for i n t h e d i r e c t i of n of for t h e window . angie okay . I will be at home . ext hospital - later Patrick exit the front door of the Hospital and walk toward remy , drink from a bottle in a paper bag , who look up at Patrick . bressant it 's fuck up , right ? patrick they tell you anything about Nick ? bressant they say he could be okay . I do not know . bressant hand Patrick the bottle . Patrick sit down next to he . there be a beat . he drink . patrick how old do they say the kid be ? bressant Seven . patrick second grade . bressant you should be proud of yourself . most man would have stay outside . patrick it do not matter . bressant ( knowing ) yes it do . patrick I have a priest who always say , " shame be God 's voice tell we where we do wrong . " bressant fuck he , you do good . patrick murder be a sin . bressant depend on who you do it to . patrick ( quiet matter-of -fact ) it do not work like that . it be what it be . bressant see Patrick be struggle . bressant I plant evidence on a guy once . ( beat ) we get a call from we pal Ray likanski . back in ' 95 we be pay a hundred a eight ball to snitch . he could not find enough guy to rat out . anyway , he tell we there 's a guy pumpin ' out of a apartment in colombia point . I and Nick go in -- this be fifteen year ago ; when nicky go in , it be no joke . ( beat ) so it 's a stash house , the old lady be beat to shit and the husband be mean , crack out , try to give we trouble . Nick take he down . we ' be doin ' a inventory but it look like we miss it cause there 's no dope in the house . I go in the back room , now this place be a shit -hole , mind you , rat and roach all over the place , but the kid 's room in the back be spotless . he sweep it , mop it . immaculate . the kid be sit there , hold on to he playstation for dear life , no expression , tear stream down he face . he want to tell I how he just learn he multiplication table . patrick Jesus . bressant the father have the kid live in a crack de , subsisting on twinkle and ass - whipping and the kid be still ask I , " be my daddy all right ? " ( beat ) you be worried about what 's Christian ? kid forgive , they do not judge , they turn the other cheek . ( more ) bressant ( cont ' D ) what do they get for it ? ( beat ) I go back out and put a ounce of heroin on the live room floor . send the father on a ride . Seven to nine . patrick think you do the right thing ? bressant I do not give a fuck . you take a side . you beat a child , you molest a child , you hurt a child -- you be not on my side . and hope you do not run into I because I will lay you the fuck down . easy . patrick doesn ' t feel easy . bressant look , be he better off without the father ? yes . but okay , the kid might be out there , pumpin7 with a gun in he waistband . it 's a war . be we win ? no . ( beat , shift ) look , I get a great wife , money save , hit my 30 in three month , pick up that pension and hail a fuck cab . go down to florida -- patrick ' Cause a bad day in Florida - - bressant -- better than a good day anywhere else . they share a small laugh , bressant ( cont 'd ) would you do it again ? clip corwin earle ? patrick no . bressant do that make you right ? patrick I do nft know . bressant do not make you wrong t h of u g h , d of e 's i t ? he l a u g h 's . T a k e 's a d be i n k . bressant ( cont ' D ) when I 's t a be t e d h e r e a n of l d e be c of p t of l d I : D y of u be b e 's t , l i v e with i t h y of u be r e g be e t 's and o d i e with i t h you 's e c be e t 's . ( beat ) it 's a l l I get . patrick maybe t h a t ' 's a l l you n e e d . ( rising ) I ' m g of i n g home . ( 's e be i of u 's about Nick ) I for 1 's a y a p be a y e be for of be he . 1 remy g i v e 's p a t be i c k a 's m i l e . bressant okay . ( beat ) you g e t t of F l of be i d a , p a t be i c k , l of of k I u p . p a t be i c k move of for for i n t of t h e n i g h t . patrick I with i l l . take c a be e , remy . I N T patrick &amp ; angier apt , live room - night p a t be i c k come i n . Angie i 's 's i t t i n g on t h e c of u c h , i n t h e d a be k . p a t be i c k 's t of p 's when h e r e a l i z e 's 's h e i 's t h e be e . angie love . hi , patrick ( distracted ) hi. angie howr 's remy ? p a t be i c k t a k e 's a second . patrick he l i e d t of I . int . patrick angie' apt , kitchen &amp ; Patrick be up now , mind go . patrick Ray . before he say he never hear of he . now he say they go back . angie Ray Li kanski ? patrick yeah . in roxbury he try to tell we he never hear of he , now tonight he say he be snitchin ' for he for fifteen year . angie Patrick . patrick this motherfucker lie to we about the reason amanda disappear -- angie -- Patrick . patrick what ? angie let it go . patrick let what go ? angie I do not care about remy . I do not care if he 's crooked . we do not need any more of this . it 's enough . patrick after what we be through ? you want I to ' let it go ? ' angie yes . patrick something have to be wrong . he lie to I . what we have be through we deserve to know the truth . she look at he . angie why ? why be it important ? amanda 's dead - fuck the rest of they . crook , liar , I do n ' t care . patrick what do you want ? angie I want this never to have happen . patrick I , too . she turn and go into the bedroom . angie be apt - day int . patrick &amp ; Patrick sleep out on the couch . Angie wake he , whisper . angie Babe , Nick die . - day ext . mount auburn cemetery Patrick &amp ; Angie be among the crowd of mourner . there be a number of white glove police officer -- indicate this be pooler funeral . everyone be head uphill toward the grave site . a older officer approach Patrick and Angie . he extend he hand to Patrick . older officer Mr. kenzie . ( beat ) Nice fuckinr job on corwin earle . ext . mount auburn cemetery , pond area - moment later separate by a small pond , Patrick and bressant exchange look . Patrick be with Angie and remy with he younger wife . as the road meet , Patrick come up behind bressant . patrick I be think about what we talk about other night . bressant ( l of of k i n g away ) I 's a i d some t h i n g 's I 's h of u l d n ' t h a v e . too much rum . patrick ( offhand ) L i k e what ? bressant we be n of t h a v i n g t h i 's c of n v e be 's a t i of n . F of be g e t t h e of t h e be n i g h t and with e ' be e of k a y . a careful beat . p a t be i c k l of of k 's he i n t h e e y e 's . patrick what i for I d of n ' t ? bressant ( m a t t e be of for a c t ) T h a t ' 's n of t a n " i for " you want t of b be i n g i n t of you l i for e . ext . burial site - continuous they grief still poole's family h u d d l e 's n e a be t h e c a 's k e t - - h e a v y . B be e 's 's a n t i 's among they . the boston police bag piper p l a y t h e i be e l e g i a c be e q u i e m . ext . cemetery - later that day the body h a 's b e e n i n t e be be e d and t h e m of u be n e be 's a r e h e a d i n g b a c k t of they car . they 's e e devin b be e a k i n g of for for from a n of t h e be g be of u p of c of p 's . ext . cemetery - continuous p a t be i c k a p p be of a c h e 's devin . patrick can I t a l k t of you ? devin yeah . patrick not h e be e . devin then y of u ' be e gonna have t of buy I l u n c h . patrick a l l be i g h t . how a b of u t leos ? devin no , come on now . I 's t i l l work u n d e be c of v e be . I c a n ' t be 's e e n with i t h you where a 's u b j e c t m i g h t walk i n . patrick how a b of u t t h e C h a be t House ? I d of u b t any d e a l e be 's with i l l be be of l l i n ' i n t h e be e . devin sound be i g h t . Patrick be of l l 's h i 's eye . patrick I ' l l b be i n g my with a l l e t . devin J u 's t b be i n g you l a d y . patrick not a c of n v e be 's a t i of n 's h e ' 's i n t e r e 's t e d i n have . int . chart house restaurant - day p a t be i c k and devin a r e a t a back t a b l e . T h e i r for of of d h a 's m of 's t l y b e e n e a t e n . devin for i n i 's h e 's a 's t e a k . devin no c of p a t e t h i 's with e l l 's i n c e t h e y h a d t of disband vice . patrick what would t h e y do t h a t for of be ? devin I t be a t t h e p of i n t where some g u y 's own . yacht Patrick smile . patrick you work n a be c of t i c 's with i t h remy , be i g h t ? devin they c a l l i t dcu . yeah . patrick whyfd he leave ? devin do shit that rubbed people the wrong way . patrick like what ? devin married a prostitute , for one . patrick he marry a hooker ? devin you do not want to do that if you be a cop . patrick you might not want to do it if you be a plumber . dev in Said he love she . told Mike snell to fuck himself , put in for a transfer . patrick to doyle . devin they go back . patrick doyle and remy ? devin doyle . bring remy with he from Louisiana in ' 72 . my man doyle roll into Boston as a black cop and then marry a white woman in ' 74 . ( beat ) he 's no joke . patrick I get that impression . ( beat ) you have any reason to think remy might be dirty devin look up at he , now unsure what this be about . devin no . patrick I know h e p l a n t e d e v i d e n c e once -- devin l of of k 's a t he , a n eyebrow be a i 's e d . devin oh , you do ? he l a u g h 's a l i t t l e . D E V I N ( cont ' D ) ( smile ) look. CSI i 's k i l l i n g u 's . now a l l t h e 's e j u be i e 's want t of know i 's where t h e microfiber a be e . C e be t a i n people a be e with of be k e be 's . they d of n ' t want t of p l a n t n of t h i n ' but .. . patrick they do n ' t mind i t ? devin ( smile ) I for n e e d b e ? Nah , t h e y d of n ' t mind i t . patrick but of t h e be p e of p l e d i d ? devin some p e of p l e d i d b u t remy g of t 's h i t d of n e , make a be r e 's t 's . he 's t u d i e 's p a t be i c k . D E V I N ( cont ' D ) what d of you want t of for u c k with i t h he for of be ? patrick he l i e d t of I . and from what I b e e n t h be of u g h with i t h he - h e owe I t h e t be u t h . ( beat ) and I c a n ' t t h i n k of for one t h i n g b i g enough t of l i e a b of u t t h a t ' 's 's m a l l enough n of t t of matter . he l of of k 's a t he . make a d e c i 's i of n . devin I only know one thing . and it 's from another guy , so take it as that . . . he sigh . devin ( cont ' D ) helene and Ray take cheese 's money in June . a week later , remy come to a cop in dcu , ask if anyone know who rob cheese . the story go around like : that 's how good remy be . patrick why ? devin ' Cause we informant tell we - cheese do not even know the money be steal until two week later . patrick how do remy find out that quick ? devin stand with he coffee , laugh a little . devin if I know that , I would not be here talkin ' to you . and be sure on how far you want to go with this -- ( beat ) you start investigate Police it 's a whole other level . you try to take food out of they mouth they will fuck you up - he smile . devin ( cont ' D ) thanks for the steak . he downs he coffee and go . CUT to : ext . taft STREET - day Patrick get out of he car . he walk down the street . on the way he pass and wave to several resident of several neighbor 3 - decker . he hold he look as we travel with he . angie be apt - moment later int . patrick &amp ; Patrick be talk to Angie . patrick trust I . I know I be right . he lie to we because he do not want we to know he know Ray . that ' 's the whole thing . angie and how be it possible that he could know the money be steal before anyone else . patrick the same way everyone in this neighborhood know everyone else 's business . ( beat ) someone tell they . she look dubious . angie this be reckless . it 's one thing to get obsessed yourself because that 's what you need to go through -- but this man lose , basically , he child . if you do this , you better fuckin ' be right . patrick I understand that . I be not ask you to believe I be right . I be ask you to believe in I . bea' home , live room - continuous , present int . lionel &amp ; lionel sit be he easy chair . it 's still . we play the conversation over he sit there . lionel hello . patrick ( on phone ) where be you . I need to see you . lionel can it wait ? patrick ( on phone ) no . there be a pause . something in Patrick 's tone stop lionel . lionel can you meet I at Murphy 's Law ? it 's on summer . patrick Fifteen minute , lionel . lionel all right . I be come . ext . dorchester ST . - dusk setting in Colin Hay ' 's " the Water song " play . the day have die . mute yellow light appear in window . the come dark promise a deepen chill . Children have disappear from the street to wash up for dinner . liquor store and nail salon be half empty and listless . horn honk sporadically and a storefront gate rattles as it drop . in the face of people on the street you can see the weight of the morning 's unfulfilled promise in the numb sag of they face . ext . murphy' law - sunset from a high angle , we see the bar . from the car we see Patrick and Angie wait in they car outside Murphy 's Law . they see lionel approach and head into the bar . int . murphy' law - dusk setting in 2 teamster share a bottle of whiskey at the bar while 3 secretary chat nearby . a bartender work with a waitress . near the back door , two men throw dart . Patrick , Angie and lionel sit around a table in the middle of the bar . lionel stare at he hand . patrick how long you know remy ? lionel detective bressant ? ( liar' pause ) just , in , meet he through the investigation of amanda . patrick that 's it ? lionel yeah . patrick how long you know remy ? lionel what be this ? patrick they have the internet now , lionel . lionel ( pause -- look from one to the other ) you know how it be in town . everybody know everybody . patrick no , lionel . everybody do not know everybody . lionel what be you talkin ' about ? patrick why you lyin' lionel ? lionel I be not . patrick do you have something to hide ? why can not you tell I ? beat . patrick ( cont 'd ) when you want to get away with a crime , lionel it be not bullshit you way past ten question . it 's nobody ask the first one . patrick alternative line : patrick ( cont 'd ) you come to we house . . . .fuckin ' explode . lionel put up he hand . lionel Fine . Fine . ( beat ) I have not be honest with you . it 's just not something I be proud of , you know ? I be in a bar fight , in the day . the other guy crack he skull . at some point , I musta say , " I ' 11 kill you . " so they have I up for attempt . my word against the other guy 's . a witness testify to my version and the jury believe he . patrick ' Cause he be a cop . lionel yeah . he testify for I . Angie start to believe lionel might be lie . angie why do not you mention that ? lionel I be embarrassed . patrick bullshit . you bragge about take a hard bust the first day we meet you . lionel no I do not . patrick so you know ' detective bressant . ' lionel it 's not like we be best friend . angie ( build suspicion ) but you lie . patrick why do you call remy ? lionel he 's a cop .. . patrick and ? lionel ( getting flustered ) the c a 's e i 's c l of 's e d , p a t be i c k . I t ' 's c l of 's e d . patrick you h e a be d helene a n d Ray t a l k i n g a b of u t t h e money . lionel . come of n . . patrick I t be 's a 's m a l l p l a c e , t h e y be l of u d , you h e a be d they a be g u i n g . lionel who ? who a be g u i n be ? patrick you a n d he t of of k amanda , t of b l a c k m a i l you 's i 's t e be . lionel why would I do t h a t ? patrick F of be t h e money L i of n e l , t h e for u c k i n ' money . patrick alternative line : patrick ( contrd ) a for t e be t h e p l u g i n t h e j u g . . . .t h e n you be for u c k e d . angie you h a t e y of u be 's i 's t e be . lionel ... angie patrick and you be fuck -- lionel ( look for of be waitress ) where 's t h e - - why c a n ' t we g e t any -- angie L i of n e l , t e l l I what h a p p e n e d . lionel hold of n a 's e c of n d . . . patrick Coke d e a l i n ' h a i t i a n would be a n e a 's y t a be g e t for of be a frame -- lionel E x c u 's e I , m i 's 's ? patrick you t of of k y of u be n i e c e and l a i d i t of for for on a b l a c k guy . lionel i 's go t of break . lionel ( seeing her ) Excuse I ! a waitress g e t 's t h e be e . lionel ( cont ' D ) can I g e t some 's e be v i c e ? she 's t a be e 's a t he . waitress what c a n I g e t you ? lionel t a k e 's a long beat , then ask for : lionel Three 's h of t 's of Maker 's , please . this with i l l b e L i of n e l ' 's for i r 's t d be i n k 's i n t with e n t y t h be e e y e a be 's . lionel ( cont 'd ) and a Bud . T a l l . ( beat ) thank you . the with a i t r e 's 's g of e 's t of g e t t h e d be i n k 's . L i of n e l 's i m p l y l of of k 's a t they , t h i n k i n g of v e be h i 's 's e c be e t 's , wonder a b of u t t h e l i for e h e ' 's a b of u t t of l e t go of for . lionel ( cont ' D ) J u 's t g i v e I a 's e c of n d . the with a i t r e 's 's be e t u be n 's with i t h t h e d be i n k 's and l i n e 's they up i n for be of n t of L i of n e l . he be e g a be d 's t h e d be i n k 's b e for of be e he for of be a l of n g . beat . . lionel ( cont 'd ) twenty t h be e e y e a be 's i 's 's of m e t h i n g , be i g h t ? lionel downs one . he feel the liquor flame through he bloodstream . patrick go. lionel in May I come up to check on amanda . she be alone , as usual . I be read she a story when helene and Ray come home . they do not know I be there and they start talk about how they have rob this drug dealer . then they talk about leave the state . I call remy and tell he . patrick then what ? lionel pour another shot down he throat , gather himself . lionel then we take she . ( beat ) remy laid out this plan , it seem easy . we take she , force helene and Ray to cough up the money , and then put she back . you know ? amanda get a weekend in the country ; my sister learn a lesson ; and fuck it , we will all get pay on top of it . . . I get no problem take money from a guy like cheese . ( pause ) they be gonna handle the cop , but Bea go nut call the papers and hire you . once you find the money they have amanda and the money . so they decide to set up a fake exchange for you to witness . they get Chris mullen to set cheese up at the quarry for 15 k and a chance to be the boss . even though it be too late , cheese figure out what be happen and start shoot . you have to understand , I never be around that . everyone be panickin ' and she . . . ( a beat ) . . . she get scared and she run . ( another beat ) and she just fall in . over the previous dialogue we play flash : angie she be you sister 's kid , lionel . ( beat ) you sister 's c h i l d . lionel you do not think I miss she ? she be more my kid than helene 's . ( beat ) last summer , helene and dottie take amanda to the beach . Real hot day . amanda fall asleep and they leave she in the car to go off with some guy in the dune . for two hour . amanda literally roast . she be t h be e e . he listen skeptically . lionel ( cont ' D ) my sister call I up later that night because amanda be , " b e i n q a be e a l b i t c h . " ( pause ) when I get over there I find my niece in the bathtub , schriekin ' in pain and she reek , like beer . the best my sister could come up with to ease she daughter 's pain be to douse she in cold beer . but not all of it , she want to " save some . " Long exhale . lionel ( cont 'd ) later on , I be hold she , try to help she sleep , and she be so hot she feel like something just outta the oven ... like a fuckinr pot be of a 's t . ( beat ) so do not feel too sorry for my sister . she never care about anyone but herself . 108 a commotion draw they attention to the front door . a man 108 wearing a popeye mask stand just inside the door brandish a shotgun . popeye ( to bartender ) you ! the safe . . . now ! ( point with he gun ) right under there . the bartender do as he 's tell -- slide open a door beneath the bar to reveal a safe . popeye ( cont 'd ) everyone need to shut up . I will be do in two minute . ( to the dart player ) you get down on the floor . hand behind you head ! just relax . a woman start to panic . woman at bar oh , god , no . popeye this will all be over in a minute if everyone stay calm . teamster do you know who 's bar this be , shit -head ? popeye crack the teamster in the jaw with the butt of he shotgun . popeye or you can get wise . it 's up to you . the bartender place a stack of bill on the bar -- 2 or 3 grand . popeye throw a duffle bag at he and he fill it . dart player we get family . popeye pipe down . he turn to lionel . popeye ( cont 'd ) what do you say ?! nobody say anything . popeye ( cont ' D ) another smart guy ? the bar be silent . popeye ( cont 'd ) ( to lionel ) you1re a talker , huh ? keep yapping motherfucker . woman at bar stop antagonize he ! he have a gun . popeye ( to lionel ) you want to keep talk trash ? okay . dart player shut up ! even though lionel have say nothing , every witness at the bar would remember it this way . that lionel have be talk and he have be kill . popeye snap the round into the chamber with one hand . he crane he neck on Patrick , this ring a bell . from the tretts . . . popeye be bressant . bressant level the shotgun at lionel . popeye ( to lionel ) Close you eye , mouth . Close them tight . lionel you do not have to do this patrick remy bressant . bressant look at he , then stick the shotgun between lionel ' 's eye . lionel ( he eye shut ) wait . Jesus . patrick amanda mccready be take by remy bressant ! bressant do not say that fuck name ! lionel I already tell he we do it for ransom . I tell he we do it for ransom ! remy . . . please . Ill . bressant fuck . . . his heart be not in it . he begin to lower he gun bang ! bang ! two shot hit bressant . he take a beat to register this , stand stock-still . the bartender be stand there with a smoking gun , in shock . Patrick leap out of he chair and drive he head into bressant 's stomach . wrapping he arm around he waist , he plow he spine straight back into the bar . bressant crack the shotgun stock down onto the back of Patrick 's neck , buckle he knee and crash he to the floor . he scramble out the front door . Patrick get to he foot and look around . Angie be okay . Patrick turn and race out the front door after bressant . Angie go to lionel 's side . secretary call 911 ! call 911 ! ext STREET - continuous Patrick look up and down the street , but bressant be nowhere to be see . he see a bloody popeye mask on the ground . a trail of blood run away from it which Patrick follow across the street . the thicken trail lead Patrick along the side of a large 3 - story factory ( in the process of be convert to loft ) and to a door near the back . blood be smear on the door and a small red puddle have form on the ground . int factory stairwell - continuous lead with he gun , Patrick step into a bright stairwell . blood track up the stair and Patrick ascend cautiously . he climb one flight . and then another -- pause on the landing . above he , light come through a OPEN door . he start for it . Patrick continue up the last few step . he reach the top and peer out onto : ext rooftop - continuous Patrick scan the roof for remy . he see nothing on he right and turn around to he leave , circle the stairwell . behind he we see a magnificent view of the neighborhood . he turn another corner to see : bressant sit against a aluminum vent - - he head lean back and he eye half close . a rose of blood spread out against bressant 's shirt . his flesh be beginning to grey . Patrick hold he gun on he and call out . patrick put the fuckin ' gun down ! put it down . remy have he gun on he lap . he let it fall to he side . bressant that bartender be not fuckin ' around . Patrick kick away the gun . patrick fuck you . you let this little girl die . you want to tell I how to live ? Patrick look at remy . patrick ( cont ' D ) ' do you best . ' fuck you , this be my best . bressant wag he head a little bressant I know . patrick you know ? you let a girl go off a cliff . what do you know ? you do not know . bressant just smile at he . ( cont ' D ) patrick she be a child -- remy give he a long , strange look . then : bressant yeah . ( beat ) ( more ) bressant ( cont 'd ) I could never have kid . I tell my wife to marry someone else . she would not do it . ( beat , distant ) I love child . bressant be fade . Patrick stand over he . oddly peaceful , bressant give Patrick a kind smile . bressant ( cont ' D ) I like you , Patrick . you get to Florida , look I up . Patrick look at he . bressant ( cont 'd ) let I see the city . Patrick stand there . bressant look out at Boston , rise steel and glass in the set August sun . Autumn be almost at hand and the crispness of the air make the view all the more sad . bressant make a guttural sound , appreciate the last thing he will see . Patrick look at he , die . not how he expect this to end . crane start on remy , up to Patrick , then pull far above both they and the city . dissolve over the rooftop in the setting SUN ( crane ) int . police interrogation room - night Patrick sit in a chair . present be the new captain ( 57 ) and a beefy officer ( 50 ) with a crew cut . they sit around a desk , informally . Patrick be not charge with anything but rather be be question routinely ( hence , no lawyer ) . patrick why would I expose a conspiracy I be a part of ? ( beat ) do lionel contradict anything I say ? do the witness ? the Captain stand . captain a Police officer be kill today . that 's not look on lightly . patrick be corruption look on lightly ? beefy officer you get a smart mouth . patrick how be get a little girl kill look on ? captain we would like to ensure that you be tell we the truth . be that all right with you ? hot shit ? patrick it 's fine , hot shit . captain so , after set up Jean baptiste , you friend Chris mullen be coincidentally kill ? and you do not have nothing to do with it ? patrick he be probably kill by sgt. detective remy bressant or anyone else who want the 130 k in he backpack . ( beat ) he 's not my friend . beefy officer you charge money as a detective . but you be at the quarry and yet you have no idea it be a set up ? patrick I trust the Police when they tell I something . and I have a fake ransom note and amanda 's blanket the cop leave in my mailbox . and I hear the tape from when cheese , or I guess it be Chris pretend to be cheese , call the station . captain a 911 call ? patrick no . the call into the station from cheese to remy . captain we do not tape call into the station . ( beat ) and we do not do transcript , smart guy . beat . this cause Patrick to register something . beefy officer do you hear a tape ? patrick no . beefy officer do you see a transcript ? patrick I must have remember it wrong . remy read it to I . the Police look at he . patrick ( cont ' D ) look , I have cooperate . unless you want I to go out there and start call the papers to give them my Police corruption exclusive , I be leave . he get up . captain calm down . ( beat ) you be release . but Mr. kenize -- ( wink ) I hope you do not get pull over any time soon . int . patrick and angie' apartment - night Patrick come into the office / live room . Angie be there . angie what happen ? patrick they keep my shoelace . she smile . angie we will go down to Zayre 's tomorrow and get you some new one . patrick I do not want to do that tomorrow . angie what do you want to do ? patrick take a trip . ext Mass turnpike - day the car speed along the empty highway , carve through thick forest of pine tree . Inside the car it 's quiet . Patrick 's stare be fix to the road -- the rhythm of the white line that pulse by . Angie rest she head against the passenger window , the blur of the tree -line reflect in she eye . ext . rural highway - day a 2-lane road wind they through roll hill and past a sign welcoming they to : ' west beckett , ma. pop. 974 ' -- a rockwell painting in the heart of the berkshire Mountains . ext townsend road - moment later the car roll down a quiet road where small cottage nestle in clump of birch and pine tree . Patrick park opposite a long driveway . a mailbox at its mouth read : doyle road - afternoon ext . townsend Patrick and Angie sit in the car . they look down a driveway . she take a beat . angie you want to tell I where we trip have take we ? patrick you know where we be . angie ( beat ) he would never , ever do something to endanger a child . patrick be you sure ? angie yes . patrick he be a part of it . they do not tape call . he hand we a transcript like it be evidence and he know it be a forgery - - maybe he forge it himself . he know what they be do , he support it and he cover it up . angie why ? for a third of a hundred and thirty grand ? what for ? he just look at she . patrick have to be for something . angie when you be talk about ruin a old man who lose he child and give year of service . . . " something " be not enough . patrick for a guy who try to ruin we , something ' 's plenty . angie this be the kind of thing where if you do it , you want to be sure . ( beat ) be you sure ? patrick no . ( beat ) be you come ? angie no . and he go down the road . ext driveway - moment later they start down the driveway towards a small , red cottage set a hundred yard or so off the road . but after only a few step , they stop . patrick &amp ; angie' Pov : through the tree , doyle emerge from the cottage . he carry 2 full suitcase to a suburban and load they in the back . his wife , francine , follow . Patrick &amp ; Angie take a beat before resume down the drive . only to freeze in there track at the sight of : amanda mccready charging onto the porch , clutching a back - pack , and wear a look of utter determination . amanda do not forget mine , gramma . francine I would never forget yours , sweetheart . doyle lift amanda off the porch and carry she to the suburban . he dip down , allow amanda to place she back - pack inside . amanda can I have a , please a sandwich ? doyle what kind do you want . amanda Grill cheese . doyle you like the crust on , right ? amanda ( thrilled with this game ) noooo ! I do not like the crust on ! doyle ( fake remembering ) that ' 's right , that 's right . Patrick and Angie have duck into the wood . they be both in shock . patrick Jesus . angie she 's alive . series of flashbacks showing what actually happened in extremely quick succession . - - ext . townsend road - afternoon - 1 Patrick walk down doyle 's driveway toward the car . Angie be sit , lean up against the hood , he head tilt forward . as Patrick draw near , she lift she head up to he and we see she have be cry . this be not what Patrick expect and he be take aback for a beat , long enough for Angie to say : angie she 's happy . patrick no .. . angie she ' 's happy here . ( beat ) I see she . patrick Angie , do not do this . angie if you call the Police they will send she back . patrick I need you on my side . angie I be on you side but I can not send she back . patrick we be not send she anywhere . that 's she mother . she have a right to she child . angie he 's better for she . patrick why ? because he have money and make sandwich ? angie simply ) because he love she . patrick helene love she , too . angie no . patrick she might learn from this . angie no. people do not change . angle grow more impassion . angie ( cont 'd ) helene be arsenic . she will kill she . she will burn the life out of she . patrick you can not take away someone 's kid . angie I do not want to . I want to leave they child with they . patrick ~ l this time we want to bring she L home . why be that wrong now ? angie because I know right and wrong when I see it . patrick I need you to understand I right now . I need you to love I and say I know this be a hard decision but I stand by you . I need you to take I home and make this okay . angie I can do that . I can take you home and I know how to make it okay . ( beat ) ( more ) angie ( cont 'd ) it will be okay because every now and again we will talk about she and where she might be and what grade she 's in and we will be proud of she and that will be okay . ( beat ) because we will know she 's in a good school and safe and have sleep over and birthday party and smile every day . ( beat ) and maybe sometime we will drive out here and watch a softball game with a teenager in it from the back bleacher and we will see how much she 's grow . and then I will take you home and we ' 11 know it 's okay . patrick you can not ask I to do something I can not do . angie you can not ask I to live with it , she make a plea . angie ( cont 'd ) Patrick , for I . please ? ( beat ) I will hate you for do it . I do not want to but I will . she walk away , leave he alone by the side of the road . ext . doyle summer cottage , driveway - moment later we push in , approach doyle who turn to see Patrick . doyle watch Patrick . he offer a measure greeting . doyle Patrick kenzie . to what do I owe the pleasure ? he hold doyle 's look . patrick remy bressant die last night . doyle I be tell . it 's a shame . patrick hard to understand . he seem like a good man . doyle he be a good man . you do not know why people do what they do . only they see out they own window . with that , amanda walk out the door , run to Jack and cling to he leg . Jack hold Patrick 's look . amanda papapa . come make sandwich now please . doyle smile , give away nothing of he tension with Patrick . francine come to the door . doyle ( to francine ) it 's all right . ( to amanda ) go inside , my sweet . I will be there soon and make you a sandwich . francine hesitates . doyle be gentle . doyle ( cont 'd ) I be all right . francine take she back inside . a beat . doyle smile . doyle ( cont 'd ) so you know . good for you . you uncover the thing man die for . patrick Men kill for . doyle I be give that little girl a life . patrick it 's not you life to give . helene be she mother . you think she 's a bad mother you should have go to social service . short of that , it 's she mother , it 's where she belong . doyle turn around , get back in you car and wait thirty year . you do not know what the world be make of yet . patrick I know I be tired of be lie to and tired of be lecture by a gang of criminal . I be call the State Police in five minute . they will be here in ten . doyle no . ( beat ) you have not make that call because you think it might be a irreparable mistake . because part of you believe it do not matter what the rule say . because you know , when the light go out and it 's just you and you conscience you ask yourself if she 's better here or better there , you know the answer and you always will . patrick see you at the arraignment . doyle you can do one good pure thing here today . one right thing . most man do not get that chance in a lifetime . ( beat ) you walk away from that , you may not regret it when you get home , or in a year but I promise you , get to where I be , you will . but I will be dead by then , you ' will be old , and she will be trail a rag , tatter childhood of she own -- and you will be the one who have to tell they you ' be sorry . patrick then I guess I will . I will tell they I be sorry and I will live with it . and maybe that will happen , what I be not gonna do , be have to apologize to a grow woman who say , why do you leave I ? I get kidnap , my aunt hire you to find I , and you do . you find I with a strange family but you break you promise and you leave I there . why ? why do not you bring I home ? ( more ) patrick ( cont ' D ) it do not matter how many outfit and snack and family trip we take -- they be not my family , they steal I and I be raise as a stranger to myself and the life I would have have . you know about it , you know better and you do nothing . and maybe that grow woman will forgive I but I will not forgive myself . silence . . . it hang in the air . patrick ( cont 'd ) the only thing I care about be that little girl . and I be gonna bring she home . doyle hear this . have he reaction , something like a sagging , a emptiness , and a resolution . doyle I still then you will have to excuse I . have a sandwich leave to make . he turn and walk inside . same - later Patrick watch from down the road . doyle be on the porch . Jack sit in he favorite chair . amanda be on he lap , face he , arm around he shoulder , head tuck into he neck . he slowly rock the chair . he hold amanda like its the last hug of he life . his eye be fix on a point somewhere far off in the distance . Patrick take out he phone . in the distance siren wail faintly , get louder . just inside the door be amanda 's colorful kid back - pack , a strange and cute stuff snake , and francine 's bag spilling over with zip - lock snack and child 's cup -- all the stuff francine have pack to make sure amanda would have , whereever she would go . over this all , beginning faintly and grow increasingly audible , be the inanity of the television news . it 's blather like a merciless blanket of idiocy over something hopelessly sad . a swarm of West beckett police cruiser cram the small road . a deputy knock on the door . doyle answer . he know the local cop ' who be embarrassed to arrest he . he make it easy for they . doyle nod at the deputy with quiet acceptance and the dignity of a man at peace with the choice h e be 's make . the deputy put a hand - cuffed doyle into the back of he car . francine doyle silently mouth ! " oh my God ' oh my God . " Angie look out from the car ' past the policef past everything . they move to francine to put she in a police car . amandal be take from francine ' cry and reach out to she . she scream . francine be handcuff . Patrick try to hold he look . Patrick stand with a group of sheriff' deputy . he look to Angie . . . she doesn ' t look back . dissolve to : ext helene's apartment - evening the crush of media have descend outside the apartment for footage of the joyous reunion . helene be make up . she wait on the curb as the police car arrive . out get a female officerr hold amandar who be terrify by the rapacious mob of reporter and photogwpher . amanda 's fear of the throng cause she to cling to helenel give the photographer the shot they want . Patrick watch from he car ' park up the block . he be alone . additional STREET montage image featuring patrick he be in the neighborhood . ext . CITY strett - sunset Patrick drive . he see the italian man ( Gerry speca ) and they trade looksl once again ' 40 fps as he drive by . angie be apt - evening int patrick &amp ; Patrick come home . box be pack . the place feel less warm . more bare . a voice from the doorway turn he around . it 's Angie . angie sorryr I have to come back and get some stuff . patrick it 's okay . she look at himl almost sympathetic . patrick ( cont ' D ) can we at least talk ? angie there 's nothing to say she smile ' maybe some water pool at the corner of she eye . after a beat ' look at herl he step aside . she move past he and out the door . angie' aptr kitchen - later int . patrick &amp ; Patrick sit at the kitchen table . on the tvl helene be talk to the press . pull back to reveal Patrick watch she at he kitchen table . helene ( on tv ) I just want to say God bless . God bless . to all the police and . . . the firemen . . . I just feel like nine - eleven right now ... ext . cemetery dusk - watch from afar as bressant be bury . in contrast to mount auburn ' this be a pitiful little place . his wife ( the former prostitute ) and a few scant mourner stand by . a priest deliver the eulogy . it begin to rain . end music cue : dissolve : int helene's apartment evening - in the live room ' amanda be plunke on the couch stare blankly at a sitcomf share none of the studio audience 's enthusiasm . Patrick stand just inside the front door watch she . helene ( 0 . . ) S I be sorry for be rude ' but I gotta be outta here in like two minute . Patrick do not answer ' he gaze fix on amanda . she finally look up at he . Patrick smile at she . patrick hi. amanda look at he ' blankly . she return she attention to the tv . helene ( 0.. ) S you think hef11 like I ? Patrick look over to helene stand in the doorwayf all dolled up -- strike a pose . she wear too much makeup . her clothes reveal too much of what she have not get . patrick who ? helene my date . patrick I be sure he will . helene aww ' you ' be sweet . he see I on my american victim and he write I letter and I be like whatever ' but then he see my Katie couric and drive down here from Providence so I be likef that 's romantic ' right ? Patrick force a smile . helene ( cont 'd ) howr you girlfriend ? patrick ( hesitate ) she 's all right . she 's up the north shore with she sister . helene ( flirty ) if she donrt get smart ' I will take you out . ( shake she head ) hope she get better family than I do ' right ? Patrick force a nod . she fasten a earring to she lobe . patrick howf Bea ? helene I would not let she in the apartment . ( justifying ) whatr I want to lose she again ? forget it . ( beat ) she sell she unit . move out to fancy pants in melrose . good riddance . patrick yeah . helene Don ' t think she do nft hate you for lionel goinr to jail . patrick probably why she never pay my bill . helene you should fuckin ' sue . something register on amanda 's face when helene say " fuck . ' ' patrick how about youf helene ? you hate I ? helene euck no . brother or not he take my kid . euck he . she could ' a be hurt . patrick what about amanda ? helene what about amanda ? patrick who 's watch she ? helene dottie . patrick dottie know that ? helene she will in five minute . ( giggle ) shit , I be gonna be late , too . Patrick wait . helene ( cont 'd ) unless you do not mind sittin ' for she ? patrick sure . helene for real ? patrick it 's fine . helene she like you . Patrick look to amanda . she just sit there . watch tv . helene ( cont 'd ) ( leaving ) you ' be a godsend , Patrick . she go . and then call out from the stairwell . helene ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) bye !! ! Patrick sit next to amanda on the couch . . . and together -- silently -- they watch tv . Patrick see that amanda be hold she famous doll , the one the papers say she love so much , the one Angie pluck from the quarry .. patrick ( re : doll ) be that mirabelle ? amanda look up at he . amanda ( correcting ) annabelle . he nod . it make sense . they turn back to the television . patrick ( v.0 . ) I start go to Church again . I see they bury remy and , for the first time in year , maybe ever , I pray for someone . I do everything I want to do . I prove my father wrong . I either learn my lesson or become a man , I can not tell the difference . either way , all it ' 's leave I be the hollow , copper aftertaste in my throat , like a vague and distant regret . remy be right , I know very little -- but what I do know , I be sure of : I be wrong about that commercial . " shouldn ' t you dog be treat like a member of the family ? " it do not depend on the dog . it depend on the family . we hold on they for a extend beat . the blather from the television wash over they , the man and the little girl . fade to black the end.