good boy written by Lee eisenberg & gene stupnitsky April 4 , 2017 high above the san fernando valley . suburban sprawl . Blue pool and green yard as far as the eye can see . we slowly descend to -- ext . hannah 's house - backyard - same two teens -- hannah , 16 , popular with strong , uninformed opinion and lily , 16 , intense and captain of the varsity field hockey team , sunbathe poolside . they pass a vape pen between they . hannah I be so over music festival . lily they be so fuck corporatize . hannah totally , except for coachella , which be more than a festival . lily yeah , it 's more a way of life . we hear a buzzing . they look up . reverse angle a drone -- the phantom 3 standard quadcopter -- hover high above they . lily ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ? from inside , jaslyn , 16 , approach the slide glass door . she have the beauty of kendall jenner and the intelligence of kendall jenner . she walk into the glass door . jaslyn owww ! not again . jaslyn , hold she head , open the slider and join they . lily do you hear that buzzing ? jaslyn ( be she head ) you can hear that , too ? CUT to : the smiling face of three sixth grade boy . one of they man the drine on a iPad , which feed into a flat screen tv . boy tit . ext . hannah's house - backyard - same the girl quickly cover themselves . jaslyn I bet it 's that old guy who try take picture of you foot . hannah I know who it be . int . suburban house - live room - same on the drone feed , the girl give they the finger . max why do they hate we ? they do not even know we . this be max , 12 , flanke by the two other boy . he be not the coolest or the smartest kid , but he 's cool and smart enough . love dinosaur and skateboard . recently discover masturbation . two small hand snatch the iPad from Max . quentin Holy fuck shit ! Drop the towel ! Drop the towel ! this be quentin , 12 . he 's short and stout and be not happy about it . consider himself hyper-intelligent , but really just parrot sentence fragment he hear adult say . recently discover masturbation . another boy grab a couch cushion and hump it wildly . boy / fabrizio ayyyyyyyyeeeeeeeee ! ! this be fabrizio , 12 . hyper and horny foreign exchange student . the language barrier be very real . dress like he 's about to have lunch in capri . be masturbate for ten month . quentin I be go lower . get ready for some major titillation . boy 's voice ( 0.s. ) what the fuck ?! turn to reveal xavier -raymond , 12 , bound down the stair . everyone call he X - Ray . cool nickname , but he 's neurotic , suffer from ibs and be prone to cry fit . he 's just come from upstairs , where he be masturbate . max you neighbor 's in a bikini ! and she have friend over ! Girls ! x- ray I do not care ! I fuck tell you , I be not allow to use my dad 's stuff unless supervise . you guy never listen to I ! quentin just five more minute . x-ray no ! X - Ray lunge at quentin , who yank the control away . back to : ext . hannah's house - backyard - same the Girls stare up as the drone lurch from side to side , drop thirty foot , spin out of control . back to : int . x- ray 's house - live room - same quentin and X - Ray jostle for control of the iPad . fabrizio now dry-hump the pillow from behind . x-ray you be gonna break it ! give it ! quentin Fine ! quentin let go , send X - Ray fall back . the iPad slide under the couch . they all gasp . ext . hannah 's house - backyard - same the drone suddenly nosedive , go straight for the Girls , who scream and duck for cover . int . x- ray 's house - live room - same on the drone feed the boy watch in horror as the drone plummet . Max scramble to the couch and stretch out he arm . the iPad be just out of reach . max lift it ! the other can barely lift the couch , but it 's just enough for Max to reach the iPad . max ( cont 'd ) get it ! ext . hannah's house - backyard - same the drine stabilize mere foot from the ground . int . x- ray 's house - live room - same the boy breathe a sigh of relief . on the drone feed almost like a zombie movie , the three girl move toward the drine , arm outstretch . fabrizio go up ! go up ! go up ! Max jerk the iPad up . the drone rise , barely escape lily 's outstretch hand . the guy cheer , until -- ext . hannah's house - backyard - same Hannah launch herself off a chaise lounge , grabbing the landing skid of the drine and take it down . int . x- ray 's house - live room - same the camera shake , catch image of grass , sky and then -- hannah's face come into focus . the boy stare in horror . hannah listen , you little -- a hand cover the drine 's camera . the screen go black . after a beat , all three girl appear in frame , smile and flirty . lily hey guy , we want to hang out . we be soooo lonely over here . jaslyn I need someone to rub lotion on I . on the boy slack -jaw . quentin turn to the other . quentin let 's go . fabrizio pull a travel - size axe body spray from he pocket and douse himself . max wait ! what if it 's a trap ? quentin not everything be a trap , Max . just deal with the fact that they want to party . we will go over there , lick some tit , and get the drine back . max they be four grade older than we ! fabrizio they horny cougar . max we be not go to a stranger 's house . we will wait for you mom to come home . she can walk we over . quentin Fine . whatever . x-ray they have my dad 's drine . i’1l go myself . max wait , you can not go over there alone . they have be smoking drug all day . quentin we be come with you . they could be erratic . they all head for the door . quentin stop , consider : quentin ( cont 'd ) I hope they do not have std . i/e. hannah 's house - day Hannah open the front door to reveal we four boy . they have all comb they hair and tuck in they shirt . Hannah tower over the boy . fabrizio ciao , bella . hannah come in , guy . we have be wait for you . x- Ray clock the drine on the kitchen island . quentin thank you . this be a lovely home . the boy study the girl with a mix of fear and desire . x-ray ( quiet , to Max ) they be huge . as soon as they have step into the foyer , lily appear behind they and slam the door shut , locking they in . quentin it 's a trap ! lily and jaslyn block the door . hannah you think it 's cool to objectify woman ? the boy clearly have no idea what '' objectify '' mean . max ( unsure ) we be not . we be just look at you body . hannah we need a guarantee that you 'il never objectify anyone again . max like what ? CUT to : int . hannah's house - later Hannah , lily and jaslyn stifle laugh . lily get out here ! the boy enter , completely transformed : dress , makeup , paint fingernails , mascara , barrettes , the work . jaslyn ooh , I want the little one . I want to put she in my pocket . quentin I be not little . my doctor say I be go to be 5 '9 '' , honey . lily relax , munchkin . Hannah hold up she phone and snap photo . max what be you gonna do with that ? hannah maybe I x11 send they to my sister . she 's in eighth grade at John Adams . be not that where you go ? Hannah toss the phone into she bright yellow beach bag . lily you be gonna have to transfer school . X - Ray begin hyperventilate . mascara run down he face . x- ray give we ... the ... drine ! lily take the drone and put it on the floor . she lift she foot over it , taunting he . Hannah and jaslyn laugh . X - Ray run over and cover the drone , protect it . quentin ( 0.s. ) fuck you , std bitch ! they look over to see quentin hold Hannah 's beach bag . quentin ( cont 'd ) I have she phone ! run ! quentin race out the back , Hannah hot on he heel . x- Ray bite lily in the calf . lily owww ! X - Ray scoops up the drone and race for the yard . Max and fabrizio follow . jaslyn jump in front of they . fabrizio kick she in the crotch . she go down . max that 's what you get ! bam ! from the ground , jaslyn uppercut Max in he ball . he crumple . x- Ray and fabrizio scoop he up and keep run . ext . hannah 's house - backyard - continuous quentin race alongside the pool . Hannah 's gain . he run past a patio chair and knock it down , tripping Hannah . the other boy hurdle over she and join quentin . they reach a EIGHT foot fence block they in . to they , it might as well be twenty foot . max ten finger ! Max lift quentin up and over , follow by fabrizio , who then pull Max up . Max straddle the top of the fence and lower he arm down to X - Ray , who cradle the drine . Max strain to pull he up . x- Ray look back . the girl be gain . x- ray pull ! pull ! he 's almost over when suddenly , he 's jerk back . lily pull at the drine 's plastic frame . x-ray ( cont 'd ) she 's too strong ! X - Ray lose he grip on the drine . x-ray ( cont 'd ) it 's slip ! lily pull the drine away from X - Ray . it fall to the ground . she grab he leg . x- Ray struggle to wrestle free and accidentally kick she in the head . lily ow ! you kick I in the head ! x-ray on accident ! lily smashes the drine . x-ray ( cont 'd ) nooo ! Max pull X - Ray over the fence . on the STREET x-ray ( cont 'd ) she break the drine !! fuck ! quentin ( call over the fence ) Fucking cougar !! a couple pass push a stroller . mother Language , girl ! boy sorry . the boy race down the street , sundress flap in the wind . chyron : good boy 10 . the boy run through the title and turn into X - Ray 's driveway , just as a BMW pull in . a handsome , middle - age man step out . he carry himself like a former athlete . this be x-ray' dad . he look the boy up and down , take in the dress . he look disgust . x-ray 's dad ( snap ) why be you dress like that ? no one speak . x- Ray 's dad shake he head . x-ray 's dad ( cont ’d ) tell you friend you will see they tomorrow . the boy watch as X - Ray 's dad lead he to the front door -- dead man walk . CUT to : int . lily mini cooper - the next day lily drive . Hannah sit shotgun , phone to she ear . jaslyn lean in from the back . jaslyn that little shit be not pick up . lily should we call jordy ? whoever jordy be , none of they jump at this idea . jaslyn why be we even hold jordy 's drug ? hannah ( as to a child ) when you have two strike , you can not hold you own drug , jaslyn . and we each get a free pill . lily what if that kid open the bottle and overdose on Molly ? we put they in a fuck flintstone vitamin bottle ! 11 . jaslyn ( optimistic ) or what if they open the bottle , take Molly , and have the best day of they life ?! off the Girls , consider . int . bus - day close on quentin , struggle mightily to open a flintstone vitamin pill container . quentin whatever . chewables suck . gummy be so much better . pull back to reveal Max , quentin , and fabrizio , all dress in school uniform , sit at the front of the bus . they rummage through Hannah 's bag . fabrizio pull out a tampon . quentin snatch and inhale deeply . another kid peer over and gag . kid oh my GOD ! Gross ! ( then , call back ) soren ! they have a tampon ! soren , 12 , who look like the son of Cindy Crawford and rande gerber , call from the back of the bus . soren hey , quentin , stick it up you pussy hole ! quentin fuck you , you sexist bitch ! i'1l stick my dick up you nose ! quentin stand on the seat and start thrust wildly in the air . Max slouches in he seat , embarrassed . max ( quiet ) just sit down . this be why they be always make fun of we . 12 . quentin who care what he think ? he have the same haircut as my sister . the bus stop and a few kid , include X - Ray , step on . he look terrible . max so what happen with you dad ? X - Ray hand Max a brochure . max ( cont 'd ) ( read ) camden Academy for boy ? ( then ) that 's that board school in nevada . Matt chestnut go there . x-ray it 's where my dad go . he think I need it . he say I be weak . fabrizio if he think that , he do not know you . quentin you can not go to board school . you could not even make it through tennis camp . ( then ) you need to stand up to he . x-ray ( defeat ) I know , okay ? X - Ray look down . x-ray ( cont 'd ) he 's look for a excuse . he say if I screw up again , I be go . max it 's just a stupid drine . x-ray he do not know that I break it . max so when he find out ... 13. x-ray ( quiet ) ++. I be go . they take this in . quentin pull out he phone . quentin ridiculous . I be texting my nanny . she can go to the mall and get a new drine . she have my dad 's credit card for emergency . Problem solve . X - Ray exhales , relieved . the theme song of '' pretty little liar '' start play from inside Max 's backpack . he pull out Hannah 's phone . the caller id read : lily . max they have call a thousand time . quentin take the phone . max ( cont 'd ) get she passcode so we can delete the picture . quentin answer . quentin you smell like a fart and taste like shit . quentin hang up . fabrizio , quentin , and X - Ray laugh , pleased with themselves . max you do not get the code . quentin who care ? we have the phone , what be they go to do ? ext . JOHN adam middle school - day to establish . the bus pull up to the curb . wait for they be hannah , lily , and jaslyn . 14 . int . school bus - same the other student get off the bus . we guy just stare out the window , terrify of the girl . x-ray what do we do ? we can not go out there . quentin ( call to Bus Driver ) we need scab . max no way . we 'il look like loser . quentin do you wanna die ?? CUT to : ext . JOHN adam middle school - moment later slo mo . over Katy perry 's '' roar '' -- Max , quentin , X - Ray , and fabrizio confidently step out of the bus and join a pony - tailed teacher and eight of the least popular student in the school . they be all wear blue smock that read '' student COALITION against bullying . '' scab member ( chant ) bully be whack , get on the right track ! bully be whack , get on the right track ! Max be mortify . this be so uncool . the scab member , along with we boy , interlock arm to form a human chain . they march up to Hannah , lily , and jaslyn . the scab leader , a boy with a wispy mustache and a heavy lisp , address the girl . scab leader when you attack one of uth , you attack all of uth ! you weakneth giff uth strength ! the Girls stare back , like '' be this happen ? '' hannah this kid steal my phone and my bag ! and there 's important stuff -- 15 . scab leader no , bully ! not today ! ( then ) head out , headth up ! the human chain march to the school . as they march , we see the back of they smock read , '' I ’m a scab for life . '' we boy turn back to see the girl give they the '' slit you throat '' motion . Hannah 's shirt lift up slightly , revealing a hint of flesh . the boy notice . quentin do you see she belly button ? as the boy enter the school , '' roar '' switch from Katy perry to -- a all boy chorus . int . music room - day we pan over the bored face of the student until we land on the face of we four boy -- eye close , passionate , deeply connect to the performance . a music teacher , ms . grandy , 70 , basically deaf , accompany they on the piano . boy ( sing ) '' I get the eye of the tiger , a fighter -- " on the word , '' fighter , '' the boy all pantomime punching . boy ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) '' Dancing through the fire / Cause I be the champion ... '' on the word , '' champion , '' the boy raise they arm in triumph . boy ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) '' and you be gonna hear I roar ! '' on the word , '' roar , '' the boy all pantomime roaring by rear they head back . the song conclude . ms . grandy that be great , guy ! the bell ring . all of the boy quickly head for the door . 16 . ms . grandy ( cont ’d ) wait , wait , wait . Big night tonight . everyone need to be in costume by five-thirty . and make sure to go to the bathroom before we get on stage . no accident this year . quentin 's phone buzy . he look around and then walk into a closet with instrument . he close the door behind he . quentin ( 0.s. ) ( into phone ) hola , inez , que pasa ? int . hallway - same Max , X - Ray , and fabrizio exit . soren call out to Max . soren Max ! come over here . X - Ray and fabrizio be surprised . Max hide he excitement . max be right back . Max jog over . soren lean against he locker with two equally cool kid . they all have the same haircut , where they constantly flick the bang out of they eye . soren hey , you be really fast in gym . max thanks . soren so be you still come to my party after the recital ? max yeah , I can not wait . soren I invite some seventh grade girl , so ... could turn into a kissing party . max I ‘’1l bring gum for the guy . soren look over , notice X - Ray and fabrizio imitate they favorite dinosaurs . 17 . soren they be so random . max yeah , but they be kinda cool , too . angle on quentin . he exit the Music room , join X - Ray and fabrizio . quentin inez can not pick up the drine . her husband need the car . x-ray what the fuck ?! quentin yeah , I do not know why they do not get a second car . she 's load . she 's always send money to she family in Guatemala . quentin notice Max and soren talk . they fist bump . quentin look very concerned . quentin ( cont 'd ) what the shit ? Max return to the other . quentin ( cont 'd ) why be you banter with that individual ? ( then , concerned ) you do not invite he to benihana after the recital , right ? that 's just we . that 's we tradition . max ( lie ) soren just have a question about math . Max notice that X - Ray 's eye be welling up . max ( cont 'd ) what happen ? fabrizio inez can no drive . 18 . max X - Ray , you can not cry in school . it make we all look weak . just hold it in . x- Ray let out a squeak . he 's on the verge . x-ray I be not ! smash CUT to : int . bathroom - moment later the four boy be huddle in a tight stall . x- Ray be bawling . fabrizio be gonna be okay . quentin type into he phone . quentin from here to the fashion Square mall be ... seventeen minute . the door from the hallway open . they all shush one another . they listen until they hear the sound of urination . max ( whisper ) okay , so we will just miss lunch and be back by fourth period . voice ( 0.s. ) who 's cry ? Max peer over the stall to see robin , 12 , nosy , pee . robin should I get a teacher ? I be gonna get a teacher . quentin no , Robin ! this be why people call you '' narc . '' robin why be you go to the mall ? fabrizio pop up . fabrizio to fuck 'a you mom ! 19 . robin you wish . my mom 's in San Diego at a wellness retreat . quentin pop up . quentin Robin , get the fuck out of here ! robin I be allow to be here . it 's a free country . they return to they huddle and continue whisper . x-ray even if we can get to the mall , how do we get five hundred dollar ? fabrizio I know how get money . we sell peach . quentin peaches ? be you kid ? max first we get money , then we go to the mall . ( to X - Ray ) we be not gonna let you get send to camden . x-ray do you pledge it ? max I pledge it . Max extend he hand meaningfully . x- Ray take it , form the clasp for the '' boy and Girls Club of America . '' robin ( 0.s. ) second bell 's about to ring . quentin pop up , he face red with anger . quentin go suck on you mom 's fat tit ! CUT to : 20 . int . JOHN adam middle school - day student roam the hall in between period . a elderly security guard sit at the entrance , read a aarp Magazine article about Antonio banderas . the boy sneak past he . ext . JOHN adam middle school - day quentin , X - Ray and fabrizio stand on the roof , twenty foot up . they look down nervously at Max , who 's on the ground . max come on , it 's easy . fabrizio grab onto a palm frond and step off the roof . his weight lower the frond all the way to the ground -- like a swiss family robinson '' elevator . '' he let go and the Palm frond snap back up to the roof . quentin follow and land on the ground . the frond snap back up to X - Ray . x-ray I be scared . quentin just wrap you thong around the branch and slide down . ( then , to Max and fabrizio ) you hear what I say to he ? X - Ray throw he bag to the ground and grab the branch . he start to lower , but then it stop , leave he dangling ten foot above the ground . x- Ray 's weight be not enough to bring the branch all the way down . x-ray help ! help ! quentin you should have keep you backpack on , so you would be heavier ! x-ray I take it off to be more nimble . X - Ray shake , but the branch do not move . a bee buzze by X - Ray 's face . x-ray ( cont 'd ) bee ! I be allergic ! he frantically try blow it away . the bee sting he . 21 . x-ray ( cont 'd ) owww !! it stung I ! get my epi-pen ! my throat 's gonna close ! fabrizio spring to action and grab X - Ray 's bag , search for the epi-pen . x-ray ( cont 'd ) okay , I be gonna drop . catch I ! Max and quentin gather underneath X - Ray , arm outstretch . he drop and land between they with a thud . x-ray ( cont 'd ) owww ! fabrizio pull the pen out of X - Ray 's bag and jab it into x- Ray 's thigh . x-ray ( cont 'd ) owww ! close on a uni - ball pen stick out of he leg . x-ray ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be wrong with you ?! fabrizio you say a’pen ! a’pen ! x- ray epi-pen ! epi-pen ! Fucking idiot ! Max pull the real epipen out of the bag . max found it ! Max jab it into X - Ray 's other leg . x-ray ( weakly ) thank you . ( then , to fabrizio ) sorry I call you a idiot . fabrizio be okay . ext . wood behind school - later 22 . the school recede in the background . x- Ray limp behind the other . his pants have puncture wound and he cheek be hugely swollen from the sting . quentin «+ . my sister say girl hate the word , '' moist . '' fabrizio why ? quentin shrug . Max smell he armpit . max I be moist right now . quentin turn back and take a photo of X - Ray 's face . x-ray what be you do ? quentin take a snap of that baby dick on you cheek . Max smack quentin 's hand . max no snap , no storey . nothing . we can not be track . we have to stay off the grid . Max 's phone buzze . he check it . quentin smack Max 's quentin what about stay off the grid ? max we get a buyer ! the guy cheer . they step out of the wood and onto -- ext . suburban STREET - continuous hand . they celebration be short - live as a police cruiser , light flash , pull up alongside they . quentin lemme do the talk . the officer stick he head out . 23 . quentin ( cont 'd ) hello , Officer . just want to say '' all live matter . '' police officer should not you boy be in school ? a moment of panic as the guy all intuitively turn to Max . he think quickly . max it 's a jewish holiday . we be go to temple . police officer oh , you be Jews ? ( then , give they once - over ) stay on the sidewalk . the Officer drive off . x-ray that be genius ! fabrizio I like it ! quentin 's annoyed that someone else be receive adulation . quentin I do not think it 's '' genius '' to lie about religion . with what 's happen in the world today . this seem like a deep observation . they contemplate it . int . fabrizio 's house - later quentin and Max play Grand theft Auto while fabrizio watch with interest . x- Ray peer out the window , impatiently . x-ray where the hell be this guy ? he be suppose to be here already . quentin he 's come . relax . Max 's avatar lie prone on a rooftop , take aim at a female cop , who stand beside a trash can fire . he shoot and miss . 24 . quentin ( cont 'd ) why be you shoot that cop ? you be waste bullet . max that 's St. cloud . she 's not even a cop . she 's bad . she just dress like one to rob drug dealer . quentin my dad say that this type of game make you numb to violence . St. cloud come at the avatar and Max shoot she point - blank in the face , cause she head to explode . none of they react . quentin ( cont 'd ) I wish you could see more brain in she hair . max if you run she over , she will shit herself . the doorbell ring . x-ray ( exasperate ) finally . he 's about to open the door when -- quentin ( whisper ) wait ! what if he 's a pedophile ? max ( consider ) he can not molest all of we . x-ray he could if he drug we . quentin if he offer you anything to drink , do not take it . max maybe we should get some weapon , just to be safe . 25 . x-ray ( through the door ) one minute please ! just need to put something on ! int . fabrizio 's front hall - moment later the boy be weapon up : Max hold a broomstick . quentin have a tennis racket . x- Ray enter with a paintball gun . x-ray check it out . quentin switch . quentin snatch the paintball gun and hand X - Ray the tennis racket . x-ray what the hell , quentin ? that be mine . quentin it 's not a toy , okay ? better that I hold it . quentin tuck it in he elastic waistband . fabrizio race down the step . he 's wear a S&M mask and hold a set of anal bead . x-ray ugh , gross . that smell like shit ! they all take a strong whiff . max what be that ? fabrizio I dunno . I find in Bill and Nancy 's bedroom . I use to hit . fabrizio whip the anal bead over he shoulder like nunchuck and smack X - Ray in the face . x-ray stop ! X - Ray open the door to reveal -- a bald man wear a Vassar College t-shirt . 26 . he be surprised to be face four twelve year old boy , one wear a leather S&M mask . x-ray ( cont 'd ) hi. claude hello ... I be look for Max ? max I be Max . Max politely extend he hand . Claude shake it uncertainly . quentin be you a pedophile ? max ( to quentin ) if you be a pedophile , would you admit it ? quentin no. max then why would he ? claude I be not a pedophile . max see ? we do not know . claude I be not ! x- ray do you have the money , Claude ? claude yeah . fabrizio okay , yes you come now to basement but no shoe . int . fabrizio 's house - basement - day close up : a sex doll 's lifeless eye and open mouth . Claude inspect the doll carefully , gently open she mouth . 27 . claude and be this she original mouth and tongue ? fabrizio I do not know . Claude notice the kid look at he strangely . claude ( cover ) oh , oh . you think ? no , no ! I want peaches for the carpool lane ... so I can get home to my family faster . boy ohhhhh ... quentin we think you want to fuck it . claude ha ha terrific ! I think you mean , '' fuck she . '' Claude hand fabrizio a wad of cash . claude ( cont 'd ) here you go . four hundred . max no , it 's five - fifty . that 's what we say in the ad . claude yeah , but now that I be here and look at it and it 's out of the box -- I feel like it 's only worth four . quentin hold up he hand . quentin Claude , you have to see it from we side : we be run a business here . if you do not like the price , no hard feeling . have a great day . the boy look at quentin like he 's crazy . quentin turn to Max . 28 . quentin ( cont 'd ) Max , give that marry couple a call and tell they they can pick up the doll . Claude consider this . claude well , I do not want to lose she . he pull out some more bill , hand fabrizio all the cash . he pull out a sundress from he satchel . claude ( cont 'd ) can you help I dress she ? quentin of course , Claude . the boy dutifully lift up the doll 's arm as Claude pull a sundress from he bag and slide it over she arm . ext . fabrizio 's house - day the boy struggle to carry peaches to Claude 's maxima . claude you can just toss she in the trunk . he open the trunk and motion for they to place she inside . x- ray do not you need she up front for the carpool lane ? claude «+. right . he open the passenger door and the guy put she in . quentin extend he hand . quentin best of luck with everything . claude ... thank you . Claude get in the car and drive off . they wave goodbye . quentin I like Claude . he be relatable . 29 . max ( realize ) dammit ! we should have ask he for a ride to the mall . over demi lovato 's '' confident '' : ext . fabrizio 's house - later the garage open and the boy step out , roll out a woman 's bike and a seven year old girl 's bike . quick cut : -- the boy apply liberal amount of sunblock to any expose skin . they help each other apply lotion to they neck . -- velcro strap be fastened around elbow pad . -- helmet strap be tightened . -- Water bottle be insert into water bottle slot ina backpack . -- X - Ray clip on a reflector vest . chyron : twenty minute later they be about to set off . quentin ( check watch ) come on , come on ! we be behind schedule . Max run back into the garage and come out with the paintball gun . x-ray why be you bring that ? max you never know ... if the girl come at we ... ( hold up gun ) we can bribe they with this to let we go . everyone love paintball gun . quentin hold the little pink bike . 30 . quentin I be not riding this . it can not fit my ball . ( then , to X - Ray ) switch . quentin take X - Ray 's bike . Max lean over to X - Ray . max you gotta stand up for yourself . x- ray it 's fine ... fabrizio ( 0.s . ) let 's a ’go ! they look over to see fabrizio . he 's riding a road bike with clip-on . they pull out onto the street . Max see quentin be not wear he helmet . max quentin , put on you helmet ! we be go on a main street ! int . high school - classroom - day Hannah sit in math class , bored . a math teacher motion to a right triangle on the board . math teacher so if side '' a '' be 4 , and side '' B '' be 9 , what be the length of the hypotenuse ? everyone be silent . Hannah look up , notice lily in the little window in the classroom door . Hannah raise she hand . math teacher ( cont 'd ) Hannah ! give it a go , girl ! hannah May I go to the bathroom ? math teacher ( " why do I bother ? '' ) take a pass . 31 . int . high school - bathroom - moment later lily hold out she phone to Hannah and jaslyn , who 's also join . a map with a blink , move cursor be on the screen . lily I put on '' find you iphone . '' close on a map with a blink , move cursor on the screen . hannah that little shit leave school . where be he go in the middle of a school day ? lily maybe they be go to the cop . jaslyn now I think we need to call jordy . hannah no , we just need to find they before jordy find out the molly 's miss . jaslyn ( stare at phone ) where be they go ? ext . suburban STREET - later the boy bike down a empty street , laugh and smile . they try to bike with no hand . this be freedom . quick cut : -- they unsuccessfully try to pull wheelies , jump curb , bunny - hop , etc . -- the boy bike through a sprinkler , leg outstretch . -- a dog run up to the edge of a fence and bark at they . the boy , startle , speed off , laugh . pure joy . ext . canoga avenue - later the boy walk they bike through a cross-walk . 32 . max «+ . do you know a blow job and oral sex be the same thing ? dissolve to : ext . roscoe boulevard - later the boy be stop at a red light . x-ray «+. Jeremy renner be the best Jason bourne . he 's hawkeye . Matt damon be only good in '' we buy a Zoo . '' dissolve to : ext . devonshire STREET - later the boy try get air off a speed bump . quentin ... you know who 's get really good at comeback ? atticus L. ext . white oak avenue - later the boy have stop to rest . Max drink from a water bottle , pass it to the other . a pickup truck pull a cover trailer slow to a stop . emblazon on the side be '' monster ENERGY drink : unleash the beast . '' through a fence - in window on the side of the trailer , two yellow eye appear . fabrizio whoa ! quentin what be it ? ( call to Driver ) what do you have back there ? the pick - up Driver ignore the boy as he turn onto the congest 101 on -ramp . x-ray I wonder what be back there . 33 . max hey , do not it feel like we have be bike forever ? how much longer ? X - Ray check he Apple watch . x-ray seventeen minute away . max that make no sense . how far have we go ? fabrizio check he fitbit . fabrizio 180 calory . max no , in step ! fabrizio ( push a button ) 3144 . max let I see you watch . Max look at X - Ray 's gps app . max ( cont 'd ) you put it in for car , not for a bike ! he type . max ( cont 'd ) we be a hour and a half away -- and that 's just one way . this hit they like a ton of brick . max ( cont 'd ) there 's no way we be gonna be back by the end of lunch . they be gonna know we nre go . quentin if we get catch , they will not let we sing in the recital . x-ray quentin , you have uber. 34 . quentin no way ! it go straight to my dad 's phone . he 'il know . fabrizio we be a'fuck . max forget the recital -- quentin forget the recital ?? do you forget we have a duet ?! max I do not mean , like , '' forget about the recital . '' I mean , if we do not get that drine back , the next time we see X - Ray , he face will be cover in jizz . x-ray what ?? why ? quentin Matt chestnut tell aiden price that at camden Academy , the eighth grader jerk off on the seventh grader 's face . and if you do not say '' thank you , '' they punch you in the nut . X - Ray put he head in he hand . Max put he arm around he . max do not worry , it 's probably just a stupid rumor . quentin shake he head at Max and fabrizio like , '' no , that 's real . '' quentin also , I hear they make everyone shower after gym and the older kid will punch you in the nut if you do not have pube . max quentin ! quentin well , hopefully , it will not get to that . 35 . x-ray how do we even make up time ? I be pedale as fast as I can . fabrizio ( look at phone ) I find shortcut . i/e. lily 's mini cooper - day top down . the radio play . jaslyn check the '' find you iphone '' app . lily he should be pretty close . ( then ) turn right here . she point to the 101 freeway on -ramp . lily ( cont 'd ) I have not drive on the freeway without my dad . Hannah roll she eye . lily ( cont 'd ) do not roll you eye at I ! hannah I be not . I be roll my eye at the situation . ext . the 101 - same bumper to bumper traffic . Cars honk . on the edge of the southbound side -- max , quentin , x-ray , and fabrizio . x-ray this be genius . fabrizio grazie . the boy step onto the freeway and weave they way through the gridlock . driver poke they head out of the car , shocked to see twelve year old on bike crossing a major freeway . 36 . female driver guy , get back to the side ! older driver be you crazy ?! quentin eat my ball ! the older Driver shake he head as the boy reach the median . on lily 's mini cooper stick in traffic . lily I do not get it . it say we be , like , on top of he . jaslyn ( point ) there ! she point to the boy crossing the freeway . lily take the next exit and turn around ! we will catch they on the shoulder ! angle on the boy make they way to the median . the northbound traffic be still crawl along . the guy celebrate . quentin ( point ) guy ! check it out ! celebrity sighting ! they all look in the direction they just come from . max Holy shit ... turn to reveal a blue and red eighteen wheel truck . max / fabrizio optimus prime !! quentin I guarantee that 's the real one . 37 . x-ray why would optimus Prime have a human driver ? that make no sense . max to throw off the decepticon . fabrizio the decepticon can a’lick my asshole . max they just want to get home . they all motion for the driver to honk he air horn , raise and lowering they arm feverishly . the driver notice they , roll down he window . truck driver what the fuck be you do ? get off the freeway ! boy blow you horn ! blow you horn ! the Driver shake he head , then pull on he air horn . the boy explode in cheer and high -five . max alright , we should keep go . they turn around . the traffic have pick up . Cars now whiz by at 70 mph . the boy be startle by the sound of the zoom car . max ( cont 'd ) fuck . what do we do ? x-ray we should go back . they turn back to see that the southbound traffic have begin move as well . x-ray ( cont 'd ) we be trap ! Cars speed past they on both side . driver honk and point . quentin ( nervous ) we be not trap . we just need to time it . 38 . fabrizio be like video game . they nod . they stare at the traffic , try to time it , then -- quentin now ! Max , quentin and fabrizio pedal furiously across the freeway amid the sound of long honk and screeching brake . they make it across , follow closely by X - Ray , who run with he bike beside he . as he make it to the safety of the shoulder , a suv hit the back wheel of he bike , send it flying into a -- oncoming prius . the boy watch in horror as the prius brake to avoid the flying bicycle , which cause -- the monster Energy drink truck to swerve -- flipping the hitched trailer onto its side . spark fly as it rear-end the prius , which pancake into the suv . the batter rear door of the trailer hang from a hinge . Cars behind they slam on the brake , but it 's too late . each car smashes the one in front . on the boy stare , slack - jaw . max we should go . they hastily pull they bike up the embankment . on the freeway driver step out of they car to survey the damage . angle on Claude and peaches ( the sex doll ) , now in the carpool lane . Claude sigh , stare out the windshield at the gridlock . claude come on !! on lily mini 39 . now stop in the gridlock . Hannah stand on she seat to get a better view . hannah there 's a trailer flip on its side . we be gonna be here forever . on the trailer the crumpled rear door swing OPEN -- and the two yellow eye emerge from the darkness . they belong to a lion who survey the unfamiliar surroundings and let out a mighty roar . the pick - up Driver hop out of the cab , see the lion , and immediately hop back in and lock he door . the lion in predator mode , the beast stalk its way through the gridlock . click click click . in rapid succession , automatic lock snap close . on lily 's mini not move . jaslyn stand up on she seat to get a better look . she immediately drop back down . jaslyn Close the top . now . right now ! the lion emerge from between two car and stop , study lily 's convertible . it roar . girl abhh !!! lily slam the button to close the roof . vrrrrrrr ..- the convertible roof motor slowly whir to life . it feel like a eternity . people watch from the safety of they own car . lily come on ! 40 . jaslyn push harder ! hannah this be as fast as it fuck go , jaslyn !! the lion jump onto the hood and let out a roar . girl ahhhhhh ! the Girls scream in terror , but that do not stop jaslyn from pull out she phone to record . she turn the phone on herself and immediately make a pouty face as she continue to scream . the lion make its way up the hood , put its enormous paw on the windshield . a single sheet of glass now separate they . it take another step , just as the roof lock into place . it crawl onto the roof , which begin to buckle and jump off , disappear between the stop car . jaslyn ( into camera phone ) I be in shock . I almost just -- she lower the phone , fix she hair , and start over . jaslyn ( cont 'd ) I be in shock . I almost just die . suddenly , they hear a earth -shatter scream . the whip around to see -- the lion violently pulling a woman through the OPEN window of a passenger seat . it 's horrific . fortunately , it 's not a woman . it 's peaches ( the sex doll ) . Claude desperately hold onto she by she leg . claude ( to lion ) no! stop it ! bad ! the lion tear peaches 's head off and stalk away . it pass Hannah 's car with the head in he mouth . the girl let out a blood-curdling scream . 41 . back on claude stare at the headless doll . he open the front of she dress , make sure everything be intact . breathes a sigh of relief . claude ( cont 'd ) that could have be bad . CUT to : ext . vanowen STREET - later small shop and restaurant . the boy pedal furiously , weaving in and out of pedestrian traffic . X - Ray check he watch . x-ray we be almost there -- ( then ) nope . still in car mode . up ahead , a large demonstration block they path . protestor hold sign and chant outside of a planned parenthood . as the boy get nearer , they make out the sign -- '' I choose life '' ; '' baby murdered here . '' quentin we need to get around this nonsense . a sweet - look girl , willa , and a guy with a wispy goatee in a fade '' Mike huckabee for President '' t-shirt , gideon , approach they , hold some pamphlet . willa Excuse I , can we have a minute of you time ? max «+. okay . gideon do you think that murdering baby be wrong ? x-ray of course . the murder of anyone be wrong . 42. gideon what if I tell you doctor be kill baby ? boy what ?! gideon ( hand a pamphlet ) read the literature . why do you think we be here ? max ( shrug ) I think maybe you be unemployed ? gideon I be a screenwriter . quentin Nice , where be you rep ? my dad 's a agent at Don buchwald and associate . gideon «+ . I be wait to hear back on some query letter . quentin you know , if you get a manager , they can help you get a agent . willa ( jump in ) so guy , we be try to recruit more cool , young people to we movement . come protest with we ! x-ray we can not . we have to get to the mall . willa come on , guy . you do not really think the mall be more important than a human life . fabrizio Uno minuto , please . the guy huddle up . 43. fabrizio ( cont 'd ) we need to a’help . doctor be axkill baby . if a not we , who ? if a not now , when ? quentin this be we community we be talk about . who be this doctor ?! how be this not in the news ?! max we do not know if it 's we community or a different community . x-ray guy , maybe we can get on a mailing list and help , but right now we need to get to the mall ! max X - Ray 's right . Max turn to willa and gideon . max ( cont 'd ) you guy seem like really good people , but we need to be back at school before lunch end or we 'il get catch for ditching . willa tell you what : let we take a few picture of you hold up sign for we email blast and we will call you school and pretend to be you parent . gideon and then we will drive you to the mall . how 's that sound ? the boy light up -- all they problem be solve . ext . planned parenthood - later the boy watch as gideon finish up a phone call . he cup the phone to drow out the noise of the protest . gideon ( into phone ) «+ . I will definitely make sure to sign they out with you next time . okay , you , too . 44 , gideon hang up , turn to the guy . gideon ( cont 'd ) okay , now you have to hold up you end ... the boy enthusiastically raise sign and protest aggressively . boy murderer ! murderer ! angle on the front of the protest . willa speak through a megaphone . willa we movement be grow stronger every day . and we will be here for year to come . how do I know ? because I have see the future . and it 's right here . ( then , to boy ) come up here , guy . the protestor part to make a path . the boy , surprised , walk uncertainly toward the front as the protestor applaud they . willa ( cont ’d ) this guy get it . ( then , to boy ) I want you to tell this crowd what you tell I . she hand the megaphone to Max , but quentin snatch it away . quentin hello , Los Angeles ! the crowd hoot and holler . quentin love the adulation . quentin ( cont 'd ) thank you . thank you , friend . ( then ) we be on we way to the fashion Square mall when we be stop and tell that doctor be kill baby . and that end now . the crowd erupt . quentin begin pace back and forth , really get into it . 45 . quentin ( cont 'd ) so what do we do ? do we need to give this baby gun ? the crowd love this idea . shout of '' yes ! '' a doctor hustle past the crowd toward the clinic entrance . Max take the megaphone . max ( to Doctor ) you ! a murder ! the Doctor enter . max ( cont 'd ) I do not understand ! why be not he in jail ? the crowd cheer . max ( cont 'd ) no. really , why ? I do not get it . gideon because we live in a world where the Supreme Court say it 's okay for a woman kill she unborn child ! ( then , to crowd ) end abortion now ! Max lower the megaphone . the boy look at each other . x-ray what in the ass ? max ( confuse ) wait , wait , wait . abortion be for fetus . you say baby . quentin yeah , my dad say that fetus be just cell . willa fetus be baby ! quentin ( realize ) be you anti-abortion ? ( then , to the other boy ) I think they be anti-abortion ! 46 . willa we be pro-life ! the boy gasp . quentin you do not believe in a woman 's right to choose ?!?! smash CUT to : ext . vanowen STREET - moment later willa and gideon toss they bike to the ground . gideon good luck not go up in hell ! quentin good luck get a response to that query letter ! ext . sherman oak STREET - day the boy struggle up a steep hill except for quentin , who stand on Max 's peg . x- Ray ride quentin 's bike . quentin I be starve . we should get lunch . int . yogurtland - day over beethoven be '' symphony in a major '' -- close on a yogurt spout as it fill a cup . and keep fill and fill . quentin laugh in delight as the yogurt spill over the side . X - Ray lovingly ladle hot fudge onto he tower mound of yogurt . Max scoops every topping imaginable onto he . he reach a beautiful fruit section . he grimace -- '' gross '' -- and walk right past it . fabrizio put he head under the spout and let the yogurt spill into he mouth . the middle - age cashier see he . 47 . cashier ( call out ) hey ! stop that ! fabrizio what ? what I do ? int . yogurtland - later close on tv a helicopter Pov of the now - shut down 101 . Cars be back up for mile . caption : escape lion decapitate sex doll , shut down 101 . the boy be now seat and messily eat from they overflow bowl , completely oblivious . x-ray hey , quentin , guess what ? quentin what ? X - Ray fart . the other laugh . a senior citizen couple look over , disgust . they get up from the table . quentin ( cont 'd ) tonight be go to be so sweet . quentin fart . quentin ( cont 'd ) perform . and then we can have a sleepover . fabrizio sick . quentin it 's almost literally a perfect night . Max look down guiltily . the cashier approach they table . cashier guy , you have to stop -- he suddenly recoil from the smell . 48 . cashier ( cont 'd ) ugh . you have to stop farting . people be complain . x-ray that be not we . max yeah , I think it be that old people that just leave . the cashier roll he eye and begin to walk away . fabrizio release a long , thin , slide - whistle fart . the cashier whip around . cashier okay , that 's it . you be go . ext . yogurt land - day the boy cross the parking lot . quentin he be outlandish ! x-ray what do that word mean ? quentin I can not describe it . I can just use it in a sentence . x-ray okay . gimme the sentence . quentin I already say it ! '' he be outlandish ! '' I can not be any clearer . they reach the bike rack . lily 's Mini be wait for they . lily hey , cuty . miss we ? max '' +. no. hannah just give I back my bag . I need my phone and all my shit . 49 , max not until you give we the code to you phone so we can delete the picture . hannah no ! I have private text and picture of family member ! jaslyn just give we the fuck bag . quentin no !! Hannah start to open she door . x-ray ( panicked ) if you get out of the car , I 'il scream . the Girls roll they eye . lily if you do not give we the bag , we will tell everyone at you school that you be homophobe . fabrizio ( be quentin ) his dad be gay ! quentin so lick my ball . jaslyn Fine , we will say you be racist . x- ray no! quentin i‘1l sue you for libel and take you parent 's house , darling ! hannah okay , fuck this . Hannah throw open she door , when -- male voice ( 0.s. ) hey ! 50 . Hannah and the girl and we boy all look up to see a bike cop approach . bike cop boy ! the Girls realize the cop be address the boy . they quickly drive away . bike cop ( cont 'd ) any reason you guy be not in school ? x-ray we go to a jewish day school and today 's a jewish holiday . bike cop oh , okay , gotcha . the bike cop begin to pedal away . quentin ( call out , politely ) Excuse I , cop ? the bike cop look up . quentin ( cont 'd ) there be some sketchy girl ina Mini Cooper that be make anti - semitic remark and make we feel unsafe . max can you let the police know so they 'il stop ? bike cop I be the police . x-ray no , like the one with car and gun . quentin and pants . ( then , helpful ) the real police . bike cop ( annoyed ) I be the real police . i’1l talk to the girl . 51 . x-ray wait , I have a question . what 's next ? do you become a horse cop and then you get a car ? quentin duh . it go walk cop , bike cop , horse cop . ( then ) do you know anyone in swat ? fabrizio or a navy seal ? max be you allow to wear pants if it 's raining ? the bike cop shake he head and bike off . quentin what a asshole . he do not answer any of we question . x-ray he 's probably upset because he do not have a car . i/e . jaslyn 's car - day jaslyn drive . lily if they narc have on we , I 'il kill they . lily 's phone buzy . lily ( cont 'd ) it 's jordy . jaslyn pull up to a red light . lily read the text . lily ( cont 'd ) ( read ) '' call I . '' all cap . jaslyn fuck ! how be we suppose to explain that a bunch of little kid steal the Molly ? 52 . hannah jordy 's Molly . ( then , correct ) six thousand buck worth of jordy 's Molly . we be so fuck . the bike cop pull up next to they , knock on they window . the Girls jump and scream . ext . riverside drive - later we boy , sweaty and tired , bike down the sidewalk of the busy thoroughfare . they round a corner -- and then , like a oasis in the desert -- they see -- the fashion Square mall . max we make it ! they cheer . High - fives all around . ext . magnolia boulevard - day the bike cop approach Hannah 's car . Hannah roll down she window . her eye be welling up . hannah ( choke back tear ) be I in trouble ? the bike cop sigh . bike cop you do not need to cry ... what be you girl do out of school ? lily lean over from the passenger seat . she 's cry , too . lily ( tear up ) we have off - campus lunch privilege . from the back , also cry -- jaslyn we be upperclassman . bike cop ( annoyed ) seriously . cut it with the cry . 53 . they all stop cry . bike cop ( cont ’d ) second , stop harass that kid . hannah they be harass we ! bike cop I do not care ! be role model . that little boy look up to you . lily yes , sir . hannah that 's really inspiring . bike cop Jesus Christ . just go back to school . the bike cop walk off . Hannah turn to the other . hannah call jordy . CUT to : ext . tujunga avenue - side of the road - day lily 's Mini have pull over , hazard flash . a hulk Ford F - 150 with a illegal tint job pull up behind they . they tense , nervously await they fate . truck nutz dangle from the back bumper . the front door of the pickup open , revealing a tattooed hand . a combat boot step out . hannah ( nervous ) hey , jordy . turn to reveal jordy , 18 -- and she 's not happy . inked up from she hand to she neck . dress like Dennis Hopper in easy Rider , tassle suede jacket , rip jeans . lily ( whisper ) why do she dress like that ? 54 . hannah ( whisper ) she go on '' 23 and I '' and find out she 's one - sixteenth Apache . jordy stare the girl down . there 's a menace to she . jordy I have to leave anger management early to deal with this shit . ( then ) Hannah , come here . Hannah do not move . jordy ( cont 'd ) come here . I be not gonna hurt you . ( then ) once blood , always blood . Hannah reluctantly walk over to jordy . jordy ( cont 'd ) and if you cunt dad have not divorced my mom , we have still be sister . hannah ( nervous ) I still think of you as a sister . a minivan pull up to a red light . the passenger window roll down . rafi be play . a little girl sit in a car seat . a suburban dad call through the window : suburban dad if you be go to park here , you should put on you hazard . girl okay , sorry . / we be move . jordy do not come at I . suburban dad I be just say , this be a really busy street and the car fly by . jordy take a step toward he car . 55 . jordy you keep come for I , but I do not send for you . so do not tell I where I can stand , bitch . the girl exchange a look -- jordy ' 's crazy . scare , he roll up he window and stare straight ahead . the light turn GREEN and the minivan peel out . lily hey , jordy , we need to get back to school , so ... jordy ( dismissive ) yeah , that 's not gonna happen . Hannah ride with I . int . fashion square mall - continuous you basic suburban mall . muzak. fountain . food court . fluorescent lighting . pac Sun. lids. gnc . aldo. Starbucks . Starbucks - to- go . the door automatically open and we boy step in . they make it . int . fashion square mall - day Max , quentin , X - Ray and fabrizio race up the escalator , push past shopper . int . brookstone - day it 's mostly electric corkscrews and towel warmer . fabrizio play with a electric corkscrew as the other approach the check - out counter . the brookstone salesman , 35 , with thinning hair and goatee , look up . max hi . I call about the phantom 3 Standard quadcopter drine . salesman I speak to a woman . max that be I . 56 . salesman oh . well , we sell it . x-ray what ?! no ! salesman oh yeah , just sell the last one . like , ten minute ago . the boy be shell - shocked . the salesman laugh . salesman ( cont 'd ) I ’m just fucking with you , bro . he pull it out from underneath the counter . they breathe a sigh of relief . salesman ( cont 'd ) now , do you guy want the three year warranty ? they have not consider this . x-ray do we need it ? salesman it 's piece of mind . it 's protection . it 's a condom . max oh okay , thanks . in the b.g. , fabrizio sit in a vibrate massage chair . salesman very smart . and do you guy want the guarantee ? quentin what about the warranty ? salesman the warranty 's great , but it do not cover everything . the guarantee cover the rest . x-ray ( glance at other ) uh , okay . 57 . salesman alright , we be all set . oh , wait . I forget the most important one : do you want brookstone Care ? quentin do we need it ? salesman do you travel internationally ? max what ? fabrizio flip over in the chair so that the front of he body be press into the chair . salesman look , say you be with you parent in Spain and they start fight in some tapas restaurant . you be like , fuck it , I do not need this . and you go outside to play with you drine . and then you fly the thing into a thousand year old church . hey , that 's cool , I have get a warranty and a guarantee , life be good ... ( buzzer sound ) ehhhh ! here 's what you do not know . the warranty and guarantee be only good in the continental United States and some part of Canada . brookstone Care be worldwide . so should I throw it in or do you want to be fuck in Europe ? quentin «+. okay . let 's take it , just to be safe . fabrizio be now straddle the chair , he leg dangle over the arm . he 's really work the chair . salesman very smart . how old be you guy ? eight ? nine ? quentin x-ray twelve and a half . almost thirteen . salesman exactly , so I be in the range . the salesman ring up the drine . 58 . salesman ( cont 'd ) okay , the drine be five - fifty and then another three - twenty for the protection plan , et cetera ... that 'il be ... nine hundred nine dollar and eighty - eight cent . max we only have enough money for the drine . salesman why have you let I go on about the protection plan ? I have get shit to do . fuck . the salesman remove the warranty from the price . salesman ( cont 'd ) five eighty - two and eighty - eight cent . max no , just the drine . salesman that be just the drine . max the drine be five - fifty . salesman and tax . be you familiar with tax ? x- ray yeah , but we call they push pin . salesman sale tax ! jesus. max but this be all we have . salesman can not help you . quentin ( be X - Ray ) look , if we do not get that drine , he dad be go to kill he . he 's crazy . he drink wine every night . and he once scream at I for go into he music memorabilia room without permission . 59 . salesman this be my business ... max whoa , you be brookstone ? salesman just ... come back when you have thirty - eight dollar or do not come back . ( then , notice fabrizio ) hey , stop fuck the chair ! int . fashion square mall - second floor - moment later the boy stand dejectedly outside of brookstone . x-ray Fucking tax . now I get why my dad hate pay they . the other guy try to comfort he , but be clearly distract by something just off -screen . quentin ( glance off ) we will figure it out . there have to be , um , a way of , um , the money . max ( glance off ) yeah , um , you dad and , um , the fabrizio ( stare ) yes . suck it , baby . widen to reveal a young mother breastfeeding on a bench a few foot away . she notice they stare at she . young mother can I help you ? quentin we just think you baby be adorable . the Young mother roll she eye . 60 . quentin ( cont 'd ) she would make so much money if she charge for that . x-ray I wish I have breast . we have get the money so fast . max wait , we have something better than breast . CUT to : int . fashion square mall - food court - later half full . retiree read newspaper and eat alone . mall employees on lunch break . tire mother contend with restless child . close on quentin quentin ( count off ) a one , a two , a one two three ... close on max as he belt out the first line of adele 's '' Rolling in the deep '' in a angelic falsetto . max ( sing ) there 's a fire / start in my heart / reaching a fever pitch / it be bring I out the dark ... customer slowly look up from they food to find -- fabrizio stand on top of a table and sing he heart out . he sing in perfect English . fabrizio ( sing ) finally I can see you crystal clear / go ahead and sell I out and I 'il lay you shit bare . angle on Max and quentin , at the next table over . they begin rhythmically pound they fist onto the table , provide a back beat . 61 . fabrizio ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) the scar of you love remind I of we / they keep I think that we almost have it all . fabrizio walk over to a six - year old sit with he mother and muss he hair . the boy push fabrizio away , who continue to perform . fabrizio ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) the scar of you love , they leave I breathless / I can not help feel ... angle on the escalator . x- Ray ride down the bannister . at the bottom , he jump off and dance - jog into the food Court . he join fabrizio in the chorus . fabrizio / max ( sing ) we could have have it allllllll . Max and quentin jump on they table and sing backup . quentin accidentally step on a old man 's burrito . max / quentin ( sing backup ) you be gonna wish you never have meet I . fabrizio /x-ray ( sing ) Rolling in the deee - eeep . max / quentin ( sing backup ) tear be gonna fall / roll in the deep . fabrizio /x-ray ( sing ) you have my heart inside of you hand . Max and quentin grab two orange traffic cone nearby and sing through they , like two synchronize trumpeter . the guy be way more into it than the shopper , although a few mouth the word . 62 . shopper ( sing along ) you be gonna wish -- quentin immediately shush she . x-ray / fabrizio you be gonna wish you never have meet I . Max come over to quentin and they sing to each other , beam , they face just inch away . max / quentin ( sing ) and you play it to the beat . a female security guard come over . instead of stop , the boy immediately surround she , dance and sing , try to incorporate she in to the show . security guard wrap it up , child . boy ( sing ) we could have have it allll1l1ll . X - Ray and fabrizio grab squeeze bottle off of a table , send stream of ketchup and mustard into the air . angle on a stone - face janitor watch . the boy all clasp hand and bow deeply . shopper applaud . max thank you ! if you enjoy today 's performance , please donate . quentin and there be still seat available for we winter recital tonight at John Adams Middle School . God bless . the boy take they bike helmet and go table to table solicit money . fabrizio grazie ! grazie ! CUT to : 63. int . fashion square mall - moment later the boy exit brookstone , triumphant . x- Ray hold the large drone box over he head . they be in high spirit . x-ray Max , that be so genius . you do not even understand -- you save my life . max I can not believe we still remember the routine from sing Camp . quentin that song be so old . it come out when we be six ! woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) Max ? they look up to see a suburban mother , early 40s , dress in workout clothes . suburban mother what be you do here ? should not you guy be in school ? they all look catch . this be really bad , then -- max «+ . my grandmother die . suburban mother oh my god ! I be so sorry . max she be murder by a mugger in ottawa . suburban mother that 's horrible ! ( then ) so what be you do here ? fabrizio it 's a jewish holiday . Max put he arm on fabrizio 's shoulder to quiet he . max my mom take we out of school . we be all close to she . ( more ) 64 . max ( cont 'd ) and my grandmother love mall , so we come here . the woman nod , take this in . suburban mother ( look around ) where 's you mom ? max she 's on the phone with the ottawa Police . quentin no lead yet . suburban mother well , tell she how sorry I be and that I be think of she . max I will . suburban mother ( squeeze he shoulder ) and if you do not want to come to soren 's birthday tonight , I be sure he 'il understand . ( then , to other ) bye , guy . she walk off . Max return to the other , who be clearly annoyed . x-ray you be invite to soren 's party ? when be you go to tell we ? max I be not go for sure . x-ray sounded like you be go . quentin what 's that erratic piece of shit do this year ? do he dad rent puppy again ? max .-. it 's a kissing party . fabrizio fuuuuuuck . 65 . quentin ( cover ) no , no , it 's cool . you can finally join the kissing club . take you long enough . fabrizio Girls a’love it when you lick the back of they tooth . ext . westfield fashion square - continuous the boy exit the mall . x-ray it make they wet . max Gross . why ? x-ray I think from sweat . fabrizio see something over Max 's shoulder . his eye go wide . fabrizio they a’found we ! the guy look over to see lily 's mini charge right at they . they take off run . x- Ray struggle to keep up while hold onto the drine box . i/e. lily car - same lily drive . jaslyn go! go! gol lily floors it , then brake abruptly . jaslyn ( cont 'd ) speed bump . on the boy running for they life . behind they , lily continue to floor it , brake , gingerly go over a speed bump , and repeat . quentin turn back to X -ray . 66 . quentin X - Ray , come on ! x-ray the box be heavy ! I be run as fast as I can ! quentin run back and help X - Ray carry the box . max we need to find a adult ! suddenly , a black pickup truck screech to a stop , almost run they over . it 's jordy . jordy hey , kiddo . jordy swing open she door , knocking X - Ray and the drine to the ground . max run ! they grab X - Ray and take off into the parking structure . x-ray the drine ! we have to go back for it . fabrizio I do not wanna die ! angle on jordy she pick up the drine box from the ground and smile . int . mall parking structure - later jordy 's truck slowly drive down the aisle look for the boy ... they be nowhere to be see . jordy ( to herself ) come here , little baby ... come to mama ... Hannah scan the garage from the passenger window . nothing . they pass a minivan and continue down the row . a woman approach the mini-van , get in , and drive off , revealing -- 67 . our boy lying in the now - empty parking spot . they stand , cover in dirt , grease , and oil and scurry off to a nearby stairwell , narrowly avoid -- lily mini . she pull up alongside jordy 's truck . lily roll down she window . lily they be not on the third floor . jordy we do not need to find they . they 's 11 come to we . int . parking lot stairwell - moment later the '' pretty Little liar '' theme song plays . Max pull out Hannah 's phone , check the caller id . it read : crazy bitch . max ( to other ) it say '' crazy bitch . '' quentin answer it . it could be important . Max answer . the other listen . max hello ? intercut with : int . jordy 's truck - same jordy speak into she truck 's bluetooth . jordy I be gonna make this real simple : give I my Molly back and I will let you get back to recess . Max cover the phone , turn to the other . max who 's Molly ? the boy shrug . 68 . max ( cont 'd ) ( confuse ) we do not have you friend . jordy Molly be drug . you have Hannah 's bag , which have my drug . max ( eye go wide ) illegal drug ? jordy yes , you stupid fuck cunt ! max ( cover phone , to other ) I think she 's angry . jordy do you know who you be talk to ? max umm , you come up as '' crazy bitch '' on the phone ...? jordy shoot Hannah a dirty look . click . jordy alright , here 's what 's gonna happen : there 's a playground on the corner of Chandler and Van nuy . meet I there in thirty minute . call the cop and you will never see you family again . quentin hold out he phone to the other . quentin I just look it up . Molly be a sex drug . we be deal with nymphomaniacs . this rock they to they core . max we have be carry illegal drug the whole time and we do not even know . we be such idiot . Max open he bag , push the paintball gun aside and grab hannah's bag . he pull out the flintstone pill BOX . 69 . quentin take the pill container and try to open it . he struggle with the child seal . fabrizio let I try . fabrizio bang the pill box against the metal railing . fabrizio ( cont 'd ) fuuuuck ! quick cut : -- they all take turn try to open the container . -- X - Ray throw it against the wall . -- Max try use the edge of the step as a fulcrum . chyron : 10 minute later int . parking lot stairwell - later a elderly woman open the pill bottle for they . elderly woman you will get nice and strong now . boy thank you ! she walk off . fabrizio 's about to pull one out when quentin stop he . quentin never touch drug . fabrizio carefully dump a pill onto he outstretch shirt . on the pill be a smiley face emoji . they look relieved . x-ray I think it would look different . fabrizio what if they spread they into we community ? quentin well , we do not know if it 's we community or some other community . max what if it 's a trap ? 70 . quentin you think everything 's a trap ! it 's a business transaction . they be businesswoman . if they fuck we , we will never do business with they again . max I do not like it . quentin like I care . x-ray my dad 's probably on he way home . we have to get the drine . max it 's too dangerous . x-ray ( snatch pill box ) I be make the trade , with or without you . quentin I be come with you . fabrizio I come , too . quentin ( point , to Max ) Friends do not leave friend behind . Max shake he head . max I be come . it 's just ... drug on a playground ... I hope there 's no kid there . dissolve to : int . playground - later the boy sit on the swing , wait . x- Ray check he watch . quentin ( look around ) this playground be sweet . we should come back here . max totally . check out that monkey bar . quentin be not talk to you . 71 . jordy 's truck and lily 's Mini pull up . the girl exit the car and approach . lily hold the drine box . the boy tense . jordy Strip . max ( nervous ) what , why ?? jordy how do I know you be not wear a wire ? the boy be petrify . they look at one another and then slowly unlace they sneaker . fabrizio casually begin undress . jordy ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) I be just fuck with you . ( then , serious ) give I my shit . Max pull Hannah 's bag from he backpack . max same time . X - Ray approach lily . Max walk over to jordy . max ( cont 'd ) one , two -- jordy ( snatching bag ) just give I the bag . lily give X - Ray the drine box . jordy look through the bag , pull out the pill box . a shake . jordy ( cont 'd ) good boy . Hannah take the bag , rifle through it . give it 72 . hannah my phone 's not in here . quentin hold up the phone . quentin that be not part of the deal . hannah look , I just want my phone back . in 1l delete you picture . we be not really go to post they . max how do we know we can trust you ? hannah I promise . x-ray do you pledge it ? hannah what ? ( then ) I will delete they right in front of you . quentin look at the other boy . they nod . quentin walk over and hand the phone to Hannah . she open she phone to reveal the picture of the boy dressed in drag . jordy look over and cackle . she snatch the phone from Hannah and start type . jordy I be posting this . boy no !! hannah jordy , do not ... we be just mess with they . jordy yeah , that 's what I be do ... and ... post . jordy toss the phone back to Hannah . jordy ( cont 'd ) and if you delete they , I ’11l crush you skull with my thigh . ( more ) 73 . jordy ( cont 'd ) ( then ) let 's go . Hannah , jaslyn , and lily look back at we boy , whose eye start to well up . quentin ( hold tear back ) Hannah 's sister will re-post it to she 40000 follower . max ( quiet , hold back tear ) do not cry in front of the girl . the girl mouth '' sorry '' and follow after jordy . the boy be desperately try to hold back they tear . as soon as the girl hop in the car , the flood gate open . all four boy burst into tear . ext . ventura boulevard - day the boy , still cry , pedal down the sidewalk in silence . the drine box sit in the basket of Max 's bike . quentin my life be over . fabrizio I move back to Italy . something catch Max 's eye . he drop to the ground . max hide ! the boy quickly duck down between two park car . fabrizio what now ? Max point across the street . they all turn to see X - Ray 's dad exite a jewelry store with a small bag . he head to a park car . x-ray ( panicked ) shit . quentin I do not think he see we . 74 . fabrizio ( relieved ) okay , he 's leave ... a young woman exit the jewelry store and follow X - Ray 's dad to he car . she get in . quentin who 's that woman ? x-ray it 's dana . she work with my dad . X - Ray 's dad and the woman share a passionate kiss in the car . the boy watch , shell - shocked , as the car drive off . they all fall silent . none of they know what to say . after a beat -- quentin ( quiet ) maybe they be just friend . x-ray «+ . I do not want to talk about it . quentin what be you go to tell you mom ? max he do not want to talk about it . quentin my best friend be go through a crisis , so can you mind you own business ? quentin awkwardly put he arm around X - Ray . quentin ( cont 'd ) I be here for you . we all be . fabrizio I do sleepover . Max hesitates . max I 'il come by in the morn -- 75 . quentin be you kid I right now ? we friend need we . max I already promise soren . what do you want I to do ? quentin I want you to be there for you friend . you think soren will be there when shit go down ? max fuck you , quentin . I skip school . I do not even know where the fuck I be . I could get in so much trouble . I be risk everything for my friend . quentin that 's not because you be a good friend . that 's just because you feel guilty . admit you have rather be with soren . max yeah , maybe I do . he do not freak out every time I do something without he and he can talk about thing other than sing . it 's hard be you friend . quentin I expect a lot because I give a lot . ( then ) fabrizio be a better friend than you and we have only know he three week . fabrizio grazie . quentin ( to Max ) you be a ... ( search for word ) travesty ! fabrizio ( step between they ) okay , okay ... 76 . max you be the most insecure person I have ever meet . quentin I think you be wake , but you be the least wake person ever . max fuck you , quentin , you be not wake ! quentin my dad be gay ! of course I be wake ! max that 's you excuse for everything ! quentin eat my ass , honey ! you be the biggest traitor ever . go jerk off to Mrs. huberty 's yearbook picture . max that be a secret ! Max push he . quentin push he back . fabrizio guy , a’stop . they feint push one another . max it 's you fault we be even here ! quentin have fun when soren drop you and then you will have no squad ! Max lamely do a side kick . quentin ( cont 'd ) no karate ! smash ! they look over to see the drine box on the ground . x- Ray pick it up and slam it to the ground . the boy watch in shock . he kick the box , then pick it up and swing it into a telephone pole . fabrizio take a step forward to stop he , but quentin hold he back . 77 . X - Ray drop the destroy box in a trash can . x-ray I be go home . X - Ray do not wait for the other and start to bike off . they start to follow . quentin turn to Max . quentin find you own way back . CUT to : on x-ray and fabrizio , with quentin on he pegs -- bike down a sidewalk . on max -- bike down a different sidewalk , alone . widen to reveal they be all bike down opposite side of the same street . Max see quentin and the other turn down a side street and disappear . he shake he head . dissolve to : ext . hazeltine avenue - dusk streetlight hum to life as the sun set . Max 's phone ring . he stop and pull he phone from he backpack . check the caller id : quentin . Max answer . ( cool ) hey . intercut with : tight on quentin . quentin so , we get stop by some cop ... 78 . max shit ! do you tell they you be jewish ? quentin they do not care . but we tell they everything about the girl and the drug . they be be really cool about it and say they have let we go if you bring the real drug . do you still have they ? Max pull a flintstone vitamin pill BOX from he pocket . max yeah . text I the address . quentin nervously glance over he shoulder to reveal -- jordy menacingly play with a butterfly knife in a abandoned railyard . quentin okay . max hey , and I be sorry for earlier . I do not mean what I say . quentin and I be sorry I tell everyone that you jerk off to the lunch lady . jordy shake she head . she motion for quentin to wrap it up . max maybe the cop can give we a ride back to school . quentin good idea . i’1ll ask . ( then , to jordy ) can you drive we back for we recital , Officer St. cloud ? back to max his eye go wide -- '' Officer St. cloud ? '' back to railyard X - Ray and fabrizio look up -- '' Officer St. cloud ? '' jordy glare at quentin , do not say anything . quentin nervously put the phone back to he ear . quentin ( cont 'd ) Officer St. cloud say yes . max okay . thanks for let I know . i’1ll see you soon . Max hang up . he think , then make another call . 79 . intercut with : int . soren 's bedroom - same soren study three outfit laid out on he bed . his phone ring . soren ( into phone ) what 's up , bitch ? max ( urgent ) hey , I need you help . soren what 's go on ? kinda in the middle of something . max some older girl kidnap quentin , X - Ray and fabrizio . soren what do you want I to do ? max I do not know who else to call . the girl be in you brother 's grade . maybe he could call they or something . soren I be sure quentin and that guy be just be weak . max it 's real ! they be in trouble ! soren I tell you , I be busy ! 80 . max «+. okay , forget it . Max hang up , unsure what to do . ext . abandoned railyard - same saticoy and Van nuy . this be a far cry from the bright light of ventura boulevard . a graffity billboard for a long - shutter strip club hang above a blow out tickete office . jordy 's 's headlight illuminate quentin , X - Ray , and fabrizio , all huddle together on the ground . jordy grab one of the boy 's bike from the bed of she truck and toss it to the ground . angle on hannah , lily , and jaslyn they speak in hushed tone . hannah we be literally involved in a kidnap . lily do not be so dramatic . we do not kidnap they . we just take they . jaslyn we be kidnap , too . lily no , we be not . jaslyn tell jordy that we need to go . what 's she problem ? hannah she 's always be crazy . when she be fourteen , she date a thirty year old . lily be not that illegal ? jaslyn yeah . she should be in jail . 81 . lily Hannah , you need to tell she we need to go . Hannah shake she head , scared . jordy grab the other bike from the back of she truck . jordy you think you can switch out my drug for kid vitamin and there will not be consequence ? she toss the bike on top of the other and walk back to the truck . she rummages inside , grab something from the glove compartment . quentin look around for a escape . quentin ( whisper ) okay , I be go to cause a diversion by pretend I have appendicitis . behind they , jordy walk over to the bike and douse they with lighter fluid . quentin ( cont 'd ) ( oblivious ) when they come over to see what 's wrong , you guy grab the bike and haul ass . ( then ) ready ? on three -- whoosh ! the boy 's bike ignite into a pyre of twisted metal and rubber . the boy watch in horror as they only way home go up in flame . jaslyn hey , jordy , I need to get go . I have dinner with my grand -- jordy no one go anywhere . ext . ventura boulevard - night Max pedal furiously down the sidewalk . he skid stop and race over to a trashcan . he rummages through it until he pull out -- 82. the drone . he tear open the box and inspect the damage content . he lift a propeller that 's break in half . ext . abandoned railyard - same jordy sit on she truck bumper . the truck nutz dangle between she leg . she crack she neck , check she watch . the remain of the bike smolder in the background . quentin I need to go to the bathroom . jordy hold it in . quentin I could get a uti ! jordy ( shaking she head ) Hannah , take the dwarf . quentin bristle as Hannah lead he off . ext . abandoned railyard - side of build - moment later quentin have he back to Hannah . he look over he shoulder . quentin I can not pee while you be here . hannah believe I , I be not try to look . he start to go . quentin she do not have to say that . hannah what ? quentin that I be a dwarf . I be not a dwarf . hannah okay . 83. quentin I do not suffer from dwarfism . that 's offensive to I and it 's offensive to dwarf . ( then ) why be you friend with she ? hannah when you be in high school , sometimes you be not friend with you friend . quentin my best friend be ditching we for the popular kid because he think we be loser . hannah why ? quentin I do not know . because we be not into sport , we be into sing . hannah be you good ? quentin we win the tri-county Voice of a angel tournament last year . hannah that 's cool . I wish I could sing . quentin really ? hannah yeah , I be so jealous of people who can sing . this buoy quentin 's spirit . they start to head back , quentin walk a little bit taller . quentin hey , you should come to we recital later . hannah I hate to break it to you , but I do not think we be get out of here any time soon . 84 . ext . ventura boulevard - same we hear a sputtering hum . on a older couple -- something come right at they . they duck out of the way . on a car -- the bored driver 's eye suddenly go wide and she rear -end the car in front of she . turn to reveal the drone -- sputter down the middle of the street , like a drunken bumble bee . the drine drop five foot , swerve to the leave , then cough its way back to its flight path . it turn down a street , rise higher and higher . on max -- man the drine from he iphone while simultaneously bike . ext . abandoned railyard - same eye in the sky Pov take in the location from above : -- the abandoned structure -- the train track -- the boy huddle by there burning bike ( note : it have a strike resemblance to the grand theft auto level the boy play earlier . ) on max surveille the layout on the drine controller . angle on the drone , sputtering , fly erratically . it suddenly drop twenty - five foot . stabilize , then drop again . on the girl 85 . lily do you hear that noise ? jordy and the girl look up to see the drine quickly descend like a comet , fly past they and crash into -- jordy windshield . jordy what the fuck ?! she pull the drine from the crack windshield . she see a note attach to it . she open it . jordy ( cont 'd ) ( read ) '' moist . '' the Girls grumble . girl ugh ! / I hate that word . / what kind of pervert would write that ? quentin ( to X - Ray and fabrizio ) it 's Max ! from the darkness -- max ( 0.s . ) leave now and you will not get hurt ! jordy flick open she butterfly knife , wave it toward the boy . jordy I be about to start cuttin’ off finger . quentin ( shriek ) max !! on max perched on the roof , the paintball gun press into he shoulder , like a sniper . his finger touch the trigger . he adjust the sight -- jordy be in the cross -hair . and he fire -- and hit fabrizio in the kneecap ! 86 . fabrizio ahhhh !! I bleed ! ( then , check ) no , it 's paint . on max max dammit ! Max start shoot , spraying paint everywhere . they all take cover , hide behind jordy 's car . jordy grab quentin and put the knife to he finger . jordy stop shoot or I cut he pinky ! girl jordy ! stop ! / what be you do ?! jordy ( call to Max ) what 's it gonna be , tough guy ? in the shadow , Max cautiously step down a wooden ladder attach to the building , make certain to put both foot on each rung . he jump the last one , drop eighteen inch to the ground . he lift he arm up in surrender . max ( nervously ) do not hurt I . jordy I be gonna hurt you , but first you be gonna give I the drug . reverse angle the paintball gun be messily tape to the back of Max 's T - shirt . Max pull the flintstone pill box from he pocket . max ( be pill ) I will not let you destroy my community -- or any community -- with this . 87 . jordy I be go to enjoy this . she shove quentin out of the way and charge Max with the outstretch knife . Max reach behind down he back for he paintball gun , but he 's tape it too low . he reach up he back , but it 's too high . on jordy now run full speed , snarling and determine , just like the pitbull chase josh brolin through the river in '' no country for Old Men . '' as she leap , Max pull he shirt over he head , give he access to the gun . and at the last moment -- he shoot her point blank in the face . jordy go down , writhe on the ground , she face cover in blue paint splatter . jordy ( cont 'd ) abhh !! fuck ! ahhh ! fuck !! Max drop the gun in shock -- that be not a video game . fabrizio Holy sheet ! you shot she in the fuck face . max oh my god . quentin run to jordy 's truck , hop in , and pull the key from she visor . quentin get she key ! max be you serious ? quentin she burn we bike . it 's the only way to make it back in time . ( then , to X - Ray ) but only if you still want to sing . 88 . x-ray fuck , yeah I wanna sing . this might be the last time we ever sing together . splat ! a paintball explode on the windshield beside X - Ray 's face . reveal jordy leveling the paintball gun on the boy . she have a craze look in she eye . jordy I nil fuck end you ! splat ! splat ! splat ! the guy jump into the truck , narrowly avoid the paint . quentin turn the ignition and keep turn it , shredd the starter . the truck reverse at high speed , kick up a cloud of dust before miss the exit and smashing through the chain link fence , fishtailing out onto the street . int . jordy 's truck - continuous heavy breathe . max seat belt . we hear the click of belt be buckle . quentin put the truck in drive and take off . the yard disgust , jordy point the paintball gun at Hannah 's face , who instinctively put she hand up . jordy take I to the recital , fam . CUT to : 89 . ext . sherman way - night a hell 's angel rumble down the street . he look over to he right to see jordy 's truck -- he double take as it look like the truck be drive itself . i/e . jordy truck - same the seat have be move all the way forward and all the way up , yet quentin can still barely see over the steering wheel . Max , X - Ray , and fabrizio be crowded beside he . Max look at he phone 's gps . max take this ramp ! quentin jerk across two lane of traffic to make the 170 freeway entrance . he steady the truck . max ( cont 'd ) you be do good . quentin thanks . ( then , quiet ) you come back for we . max ( solemn ) I pledge it . quentin reach over and Max take he hand -- they do the '' pledge '' clasp . up ahead , the rush hour traffic be slow down . x-ray shit . there 's too much traffic . we be not go to make it . max ( point to the shoulder ) there 's no one in that lane . quentin good eye , maxwell ! quentin swerve onto the shoulder and gun it . the truck fly past the stop traffic . x-ray why do not anyone use this lane ?! 90 . quentin probably because people be sheep . a siren sound . a state trooper be behind they , light flashing . quentin ( cont 'd ) fuck. five-oh . fabrizio now we will miss the recital . max we be gonna get ground . quentin we be not get ground and we be not gonna miss that recital . quentin swerve across five lane of traffic to get on to the 101 freeway . the boy cheer . the cheer fade when the see the gridlock up ahead . x-ray LA have a real traffic problem . a siren scream as flash light pull up behind they . i/e. police cruiser - same the state trooper bark into the police radio . state trooper code 3 . 2 - Adam - 4 in pursuit of a black Ford F - 150 head southbound on the 405 . possible drunk driver . jordy 's truck quentin what 's happen ? Max tilt the rearview mirror completely toward the passenger side . max cop 's still there . lose he ! we could get ground ! quentin this guy 's so erratic ! 91 . quentin cut the wheel , hop off the freeway and onto a embankment . the engine whirs as the truck offroad up the hill . the cop car attempt to follow they , but bottom out when it hit the embankment , shoot SPARKS everywhere . the black and white slide to a stop . int . hannah be car - same silence . Hannah drive . lily and jaslyn sit in the back . jordy stare straight ahead , she finger dance on the trigger of Max 's paintball gun . in the dark of night , with the dry blue paint crack across she skin , she look possess . ext . JOHN adam middle school - later a dozen car snake into the driveway , pass a school marquee that read : sixth grade chorus recital tonight 645 pm '' winter concert : manifest destiny '' i/e . jordy truck - later the boy pull up a block away from the school . quentin we can walk from here . max wait . I can not bring drug into the school . it 's a drug-free zone . x-ray if you leave it in the car , some little kid might think they be vitamin and o.d. Max pull out a pen and write a note . he tape it to the pill box . max we will come back later and give it to a adult . quentin shut off the truck ( leave it in '' drive '' ) . they quickly exit and start run toward the school . 92 . behind they -- jordy 's truck begins to slowly roll down the STREET . it pick up speed , side -swipe a row of park car and leave a trail of break side mirror in its wake . it hop the curb , roll through a grassy median . Cars honk and swerve . CUT to : i/e. police car - same a spotlight shine from the Police cruiser as a cop look for any sign of the truck . he talk into the radio . cop ( into radio ) I be on hazeltine . pretty quiet over here . wait , I be hearing something -- a sound -- metal scraping ? -- come closer ... and ... closer . car alarm begin go off . the cop shine he spotlight and then stop on -- the lion . cop ( cont 'd ) ( into radio ) Holy shit ! the cop look back just in time -- to see jordy 's truck barrel down the street backward at he cruiser . crash ! the truck t-bones the police car . the lion run off into the wood . ext . JOHN adam middle school - night the boy race up the stair and burst into the school -- int . JOHN adam - hallway - continuous in the harsh fluorescent light , we see the toll the day have take on they : rip and dirty clothes . grimy face . they look like they have be through battle . 93 . the boy race down a empty hallway , turn a corner and reach civilization : student volunteer serve refreshment to parent , teachers , and sibling . the boy freeze as people look up and stare . the boy race past they toward the side entrance to the auditorium when they hear a stern voice . male voice ( 0.s. ) xavier Raymond . they all turn to see X - Ray 's dad . quentin turn to X - Ray . quentin I be go to tell he it be my fault . max we will tell he it be all of we . x-ray no . X - Ray nervously walk over to he dad . the other watch . x-ray' dad what happen to you clothes ? you be filthy . what 's go on with you ? X - Ray stare at he foot . x-ray ( quiet ) I break you drine . x-ray 's dad speak up . take responsibility for you action . ( then ) this be why you be go to camden next year . you need to learn character . x-ray I do not want to go . x-ray 's dad well , it 's not you decision . after the show , we be go to sit down and have a talk about respect and honesty . X - Ray look he father directly in the eye . 94 . x- ray be dana go to be there ? beat . x-ray 's dad xavier - Raymond , it 's not -- x-ray like I say , I do not want to go . X - Ray head back to the other , surprised at he newfound courage . CUT to : i/e . jordy 's truck - night two other Black and whites be on the scene , surveying the damage of jordy 's totale truck and the police cruiser . a cop inspect the inside of the truck . lower the visor . pop open the glove compartment , pull out the registration . he 's about to step out when something on the floor catch he eye . he reach over and pick it up . it 's a flintstone pill BOX with a note tape to the side . '' illegal sex drug -- do not eat '' off he look . int . auditorium - backstage - night the guy frantically change into costume . soren walk over . soren hey bitch , see you pic on instagram . do it take you a long time to do you makeup ? quentin ( stymy ) -.. we do not do it ourselves . the boy deflate . 95 . max for the record , I be not come to you birthday . soren ( scoff ) you think you be still invite ? you and you squad be tragic . quentin ( correct ) we be tragic . soren shake he head and walk off . Robin , dress in all black , run up to they . robin you be not in costume ?! you be on in thirty second ! quentin I be on you mom in thirty second ! robin she 's still in San Diego ! I just talk to she on the phone ! he race off . the boy hurriedly change into they costume . int . auditorium - moment later the curtain be down . Mrs. grandy , wear a Old West -style dress , walk onto the stage to polite applause . she sit down at the piano and begin playing the jaunty open to '' ghost rider in the sky . '' Robin pull up the curtain to reveal -- the boy chorus entering from the side of the stage , all dressed in adorable cowboy outfit . in the audience dozen of iphone go up , poise to record . on the stage a few boy '' ride '' in on papier - maché horse head connect to broom stick . we boy proudly step to the front row . they lassos be latch onto they pleather belt . 96 . as they sing , they use hand motion and choreography to act out the lyric and give the audience a better sense of the song 's story . boy chorus ( sing ) a old cowboy go riding out one dark and windy daaaaaay / upon a ridge he rest as he go along he waaaaaaay ... the song play over the follow -- ext . side STREET - same the light of the school can be see a block away . jordy and the girl approach the accident scene . Police light , fire truck and ambulance be everywhere . the Girls be alarmed by the carnage . lily oh my god . they be dead . jordy see she crumpled up truck . she slam the dashboard and tuck the paintball gun into she waistband . jordy they be dead . int . auditorium - same we boy step to the front , now hold they lassos . they twirl they over they head , while continue to sing . boy chorus ( sing ) a bolt of fear go through he as they thunder through the skyyyyy --- the boy now lower they lassos and deftly jump in and out of the rope . the audience applaud . boy chorus ( cont ’d ) for he see the rider come hard and he hear they mournful clyyyyy --- on the girl 97 . enter from the back . with she suede fringe jacket and face paint , she look like she 's part of the show . in the audience , a father nudge he daughter and point at jordy . father oh , look , it 's a Native american . jordy head toward the stage , follow closely by the other girl . hannah ( whisper ) be you nut ? there be parent here . back on the boy they spot jordy . uh oh . they share a look -- there 's nowhere to run . boy chorus yippie yi oohhhh ... all the boy but Max drop they rope and begin to form a human pyramid , still sing . on the girl Hannah , lily , and jaslyn step in front of jordy . jordy ( growl ) move . she lift she shirt and pull out the paintball gun . lily and jaslyn , frighten , run back toward the exit . boy chorus they face gaunt , they eye be blurred / they shirt all soak with sweat ... on stage soren and some other bigger kid form the base , follow by x- Ray , fabrizio , and quentin . on jordy and hannah Hannah hold she ground . jordy shove Hannah out of the way . 98 . boy chorus ( cont ’d ) he 's riding hard to catch that herd but he be not catch they yet ... Max climb to the top and continue to twirl he rope . the audience go nut . on jordy level the paintball gun at Max . as she 's about to shoot , Hannah shove she from behind . jordy squeeze the trigger as she trip , which cause she to mis - — fire and shoot soren in the face . over the sing , we hear : soren owww ! he collapse ... which cause the whole pyramid to collapse . the deaf Mrs. grandy , eye close , oblivious , keep play . the audience turn , see jordy wield the paintball gun . jordy stay in you seat . it 's just a paintball gu -- a rope lassos she . reveal max lassoing jordy with he lariat . jordy struggle . she 's about to break free when -- another lariat this one belong to quentin . two more lariat from fabrizio and x-ray . Hannah jump on top of jordy to restrain she . on the back door lily and jaslyn rush in , follow by several cop . Mrs. grandy open she eye , see the chaos , and abruptly stop . 99 . the cop head over to jordy and handcuff she . they pull she from the auditorium . jordy ( cont 'd ) ( not so tough ) call my dad ! on stage quentin motion to Max , X - Ray , and fabrizio . quentin ( whisper ) come on , we need to finish . this people pay for a show . we boy step forward . they be the only one leave on stage . boy ( sing ) yippie yi yay ... ghost rider in the skyyyyy - the audience be quiet . then we hear a few whoops . it 's Hannah , lily , and jaslyn . they give the boy a know nod . girl woo !! the audience , unsure , join in . quentin beam , take the hand of the other boy and they all take a deep bow . dissolve to : int . JOHN adam middle school - cafeteria - a week later the boy walk through the cafeteria carry they trays . other kid pat they on the back . Girls smile at they . widen to reveal a CNN camera crew and reporter trail they . quentin ( to camera ) this be the cafeteria . max this be where we eat lunch . x-ray some kid call it the lunch room , but we call it the cafeteria . 100 . fabrizio ( point to apple ) I eat nine apple a’day . they take a seat at they table . the reporter sit down with they . reporter you guy be pretty popular this day . quentin thank you . as well , we be big fan . it 's a honor to be on CNN heroes . reporter between the video of you fight for woman 's reproductive rights at a pro-life rally to capture a drug dealer to the viral instagram photo of you dress as woman , which have inspire so many boy and girl to identify with what 's in they heart ... you truly be CNN heroes . quentin ( touch ) thank you . thank you for objectify we . max yeah , we be proud of the message , but we be not really transgender . reporter ( disappointed ) oh ? quentin what Max mean be , we be still figure it out . for instance , I love to sing , but I also love to dance . that 's what my bio say on my instagram account . reporter well , for all you have do for you community , we have a little surprise for you . the reporter motion to the entrance . the light go down . 101 . reporter ( cont ’d ) we have bring you favorite singer ! lady and gentleman , Lady gaga ! lady gaga , dress in a outfit that be definitely inappropriate for child , burst through the door . lady gaga you guy be not just CNN heroes . you be my heroes . any chance I could get you to sing with I ? the cafeteria go crazy . but no one go crazier than we boy . Max turn to quentin , nervous . max I do not think I be tran . quentin let 's put a pin in that . angle on soren with a bandage over he bruise nose , watch jealously . fabrizio take Lady gaga 's hand , kiss it , then help she onto the lunch table . and as they all start sing '' born this way , '' we fade to black .