" good will hunting " by Matt damon &amp ; Ben affleck fade in : ext . south boston ST . patrick day parade -- day CUT to : int . L STREET bar &amp ; grille , south boston -- evening the bar be dirty , more than a little run down . if there be ever a cook on duty , he 's not here now . as we pan across several empty table , we can almost smell the odor of last night beer and crush pretzel on the floor . chuckie oh my God , I get the most fuck up thing I be meanin ' to tell you . as the camera rise , we find four young men seat around a table near the back of the bar . all oh Jesus . here we go . the guy hold court be chuckie sullivan , 20 , and the large of the bunch . he be loud , boisterous , a bear entertainer . next to he be will hunting , 20 , handsome and confident , a softspoken leader . on will 's right sit billy mcbride , 22 , heavy , quiet , someone you definitely would not want to tangle with . finally there be morgan o'mally , 19 , smaller than the other guy . wiry and anxious , Morgan listen to chuckie 's horror storey with eager disgust . all four boy speak with thick Boston accent . this be a rough , work class irish neighborhood and this boy be its product . chuckie you guy know my cousin mikey Sullivan ? all yeah . chuckie well you know how he love animal right ? anyway , last week he 's drivin ' home ... ( laugh ) all what ? come on ! chuckie ( try not to laugh ) I be sorry , ' cause you know mikey , the fuckin guy love animal , and this be the last person you would want this to happen to . will chuckie , what the fuck happen ? chuckie okay . he 's drive along and this fuckin ' cat jump in front of he car , and so he hit this cat -- chuckie be really laugh now . morgan -- that be not funny -- chuckie -- and he 's like " shit ! motherfucker ! " and he look in he rearview and see this cat -- I be sorry -- billy fuckin ' chuckie ! chuckie so he see this cat tryin to make it across the street and it 's not lookin ' so good . will it 's walkin ' pretty slow at this point . morgan you guy be fuckin ' sick . chuckie so mikey 's like " fuck , I gotta put this thing out of its misery " -- so he get a hammer -- will / morgan / billy oh ! chuckie out of he tool box , and start chasin ' the cat and start whackin ' it with the hammer . you know , tryin ' to put the thing out of its misery . morgan Jesus . chuckie and all the time he 's apologizin ' to the cat , goin ' " I be sorry . " bang , " I be sorry . " bang ! billy like it can understand . chuckie and this samoan guy come runnin ' out of he house and he 's like " what the fuck be you do to my cat ?! " mikey 's like " I be sorry " -- bang - - " I hit you cat with my truck , and I be just try to put it out of it 's misery " -- bang ! and the cat die . so mikey 's like " why do not you come look at the front of the truck . " ' Cause the other guy 's all fuckin flip out about -- will watch he cat get brain . Morgan give will a look , but will only smile . chuckie yeah , so he 's like " check the front of my truck , I can prove I hit it ' cause there 's probably some blood or something " -- will -- or a tail -- morgan will ! chuckie and so they go around to the front of he truck ... and there 's another cat on the grille . will / morgan / billy no ! ugh ! chuckie be that unbelievable ? he brain a innocent cat ! blackout : the open credit roll over a series of shot of the city and the real people who live and work there , go about they daily life . we see a panoramic view of South Boston . will sit in he apartment , wall completely bare . a bed , a small night table and a empty basket adorn the room . a stack of twenty or so library book sit by he bed . he be flipping through a book at about a page a second . chuckie stand on the porch to will 's house . his cadillac idle by the curb . will come out and they get in the car . we travel across crowded public housing and onto downtown . finally , we gaze across the river and onto the great cementdom building that make up the m.i.t. campus . CUT to : int . m.i.t. classroom -- day the classroom be pack with graduate student and tom . professor lambeau ( 52 ) be at the lectern . the chalkboard behind he be cover with theorem . lambeau please finish mckinley by next month . many of you probably have this as undergraduate in real analysis . it will not hurt to brush up . I be also put a advanced fourier system on the main hallway chalkboard -- everyone groan . lambeau I be hope that one of you might prove it by the end of the semester . the first person to do so will not only be in my good grace , but go on to fame and fortune by have they accomplishment record and they name print in the auspicious " m.i.t. tech . " Prof. lambeau hold up a thin publication entitle " m.i.t. tech . " everyone laugh . lambeau former winner include Nobel laureate , world renowned astro - physicist , field 's Medal winner and lowly m.i.t. professor . more laugh . lambeau okay . that be all . a smatter of applause . student pack they bag . CUT to : int . funland '' later the place be a monster indoor funpark . will , chuckie , Morgan , and billy be in adjoin bat cage . will have disabled the pitching machine in he and pitch to chuckie . the boy have be drink . will throw one to chuckie , high and tight . several empty beer can sit by the cage . chuckie will ! another pitch , inside . chuckie you be gonna get charge ! will you think I be afraid of you , you big fuck ? you be crowdin ' the plate . will gun another one , way inside . chuckie stop brushin ' I back ! will stop crowdin the plate ! chuckie laugh and step back . chuckie casey 's bouncin ' at a bar up Harvard . we should go there sometime . will what be we gonna do up there ? chuckie I do not know , we will fuck up some smart kid . ( step back in ) you would prob'ly fit right in . will fuck you . will fire a pitch at chuckie 's head . chuckie dive to avoid be hit . he get up and whip he bat helmet at will . CUT to : ext . south boston rooftop -- early afternoon sean mcguire ( 52 ) sit , formally dressed , on the roof of he apartment building in a beat - up lawn chair . well - build and fairly muscular , he stare blankly out over the city . on he lap rest a open invitation that read " m.i.t. CLASS of ' 67 reunion . " while the morning be quiet and Sean sit serenely , there be a look about he that tell we he have face hard time . this be a man who fight he way through life . on he lonely stare we : CUT to : ext . m.i.t. campus lawn -- day a thirty year reunion party have take over the lawn . a well dress throng mill about underneath a large banner that read " welcome back CLASS of ' 72 . " we find Professor lambeau stand with a drink in he hand , surveying the crowd . he be interrupt by a approach student . student Excuse I , Professor lambeau ? lambeau yes . student I be in you apply theory class . we be all down at the math and Science building . lambeau it 's Saturday . student I know . we just could not wait ' till Monday to find out . lambeau find out what ? student who prove the theorem . ext . tom foley park , S. boston -- afternoon in the bleacher of the visit section we find we boy , drink and smoking cigarettes . will pop open a beer . the boy have be here a while and it show . billy see something that catch he interest . billy who 's that ? she 's get a nice ass . they p.o.v. reveal a girl in stretch pants talk to a beefy look italian guy ( bobby champa ) morgan yah , that be a nice ass . chuckie you could put a pool in that backyard . billy who 's she talk to ? morgan that fuckin ' guinea , will know he . will yah , Bobby champa . he use to beat the shit outta ' I in kindergarten . billy he 's a pretty big kid . will yah , he 's the same size now as he be in kindergarten . morgan fuck this , let 's get something to eat ... chuckie what Morgan , you be not gonna go talk to she ? morgan fuck she . the boy get up and walk down the bleacher . will I could go for a whopper . morgan ( nonchalant ) let 's hit " Kelly 's . " chuckie Morgan , I be not goin ' to " Kelly 's roast beef " just cause you like the take - out girl . it 's fifteen minute out of we way . morgan what else we gonna do we can not spare fifteen minute ? chuckie all right Morgan , fine . I will tell you why we be not go to " Kelly 's . " it 's because the take - out bitch be a fuckin ' idiot . I be sorry you like she but she 's dumb as a post and she have never get we order right , never once . morgan she 's not stupid . will she 's sharp as a marble . chuckie we be not goin ' . ( beat ) I do not even like " Kelly 's . " CUT to : int . m.i.t. hallway -- later lambeau , still in he reunion formal - wear , stride down the hallway , carry some papers . a group of student have gather by the chalkboard . they part like the red sea as he approach the board . use the papers in hand , he check the proof . satisfied , he turn to the class . lambeau this be correct ? who do this ? Dead silence . lambeau turn to a indian student . lambeau nemesh ? nemesh shake he head in awe . nemesh no way . lambeau erase the proof and start put up a new one . lambeau well , whoever you be , I be sure you will find this one challenging enough to merit come forward with you identity . that be , if you can do it . int . chuckie' car , drive in south boston -- continuous the street be crowded as we boy drive down Broadway . they move slowly through heavy traffic , window down . chuckie sort through a large " kelly roast beef " bag as he drive . morgan double Burger . will hold the wheel for chuckie as he look through the bag . morgan ( same tone ) double Burger . chuckie get out fries for himself , hand will he fries . morgan I , I have a Kelly 's double Burger . chuckie would you shut the fuck up ! I know what you order , I be there ! morgan so why do not you give I my sandwich ? chuckie what do you mean " you sandwich ? " I buy it . morgan ( sarcastic ) yah , all right ... chuckie how much money you get ? morgan I tell you , I just get change . chuckie well give I you fuckin ' change and we will put you fuckin ' sandwich on layaway . morgan why you gotta be a asshole chuckie ? chuckie I think you should establish a good line of credit . laughter , chuckie go back search through the bag . chuckie oh motherfucker ... will she do not do it again do she ? chuckie Jesus Christ . not even close . morgan do she get my double Burger ? chuckie no she didn't get you double burger !! it be all fuckin ' flyin ' fish filet !! chuckie whip a fish sandwich back to Morgan , then to billy . will Jesus , that 's really bad , do anyone even order a flyin ' Fish ? chuckie no , and we get four of them . billy you gotta ' be kiddin ' I . why do we even go to she ? chuckie Cause fuckin ' Morgan 's get a crush on she , we always go there and when we get to the window he never say a fuckin ' word to she , he never even get out of the car , and she never get we order right cause she 's the goddamn missing link ! will well , she out do herself today ... morgan I do not get a crush on she . push in on will who see something o.s. will 's p.o.v. reveal bobby champa and he friend walk down the street . one of they casually lob a bottle into a wire garbage can . it shatter and some of the glass hit a female passerby who , although unhurt , be upset . chuckie what do we get ? will I do not know yet . will 's p.o.v . : the woman say something to Bobby . he say something back . by the look on she face , it be something unpleasant . morgan come on , will ... chuckie shut up . morgan no , why do not you fight he at the park if you want to ? I be not goin ' now , I be eatin ' my snack . will ( smile ) so do not go . will be out of the door , jogging toward Bobby champa . billy get out , follow will with a look of casual indifference . chuckie Morgan , let 's go . morgan I be serious chuckie , I be not goin' . leave the car , chuckie open he door to follow . chuckie ( spin in he seat ) you be goin ' . and if you be not out there in two fuckin ' second , when I be do with they you be next ! and with that , chuckie be out the door . CUT to : ext . sidewalk --continuous will come jogging up towards bobby champa , call out from across the street , will ( smile , good naturedly ) hey , Bobby champa ! I go to kindergarten with you right ? sister Margaret 's class ... Bobby be bewilder by this strange interruption and unsure of will 's intention . just when it look as though Bobby might remember he , will drill he with a sucker - punch which begin the fight sequence : 40 frame over M. gaye be " let' get it on . " will 's momentum and respectable strength serve to knock the hapless champa out cold . as soon as will hit Bobby , he friend converge on will . billy jump in and wrestle one guy to the ground . the two exchange messy punch on the sidewalk . will be in trouble , back pedale , dodging punch , try to avoid be overrun . when will go for one guy , another have a open shot and he hammer will with a right hand to the head . will be staggered and bleary , as a second guy wind up for a shot he be blind side by chuckie who hit the kid like he be a tackle sled , lift he off the ground . chuckie turn to see will still outnumber . it 's all will can do to stay stand as Morgan drop kick one of champa 's boy from the hood of a car . contrary to what we might think , Morgan be actually quite a fighter . he pepper the kid with a flurry of blow . the fight be messy , ugly and chaotic . most punch be throw wildly and miss , head be bang against concrete , someone throw a bottle . in the end , it 's we guy who be leave stand , while Bobby 's friend stagger off . chuckie and Morgan turn to see will , stand over the unconscious Bobby champa , still pounding he . angle on will : savage , ugly , vicious , and violent whatever demon must be raging inside will , he be take they out on Bobby champa . he pummel the helpless , unconscious champa , fury in he eye . chuckie and billy pull will away . the police finally arrive on the scene and have only witness will 's vicious attack on champa , they grab he . ext . sidewalk ( full speed ) -- continuous a crowd of onlooker have gather . chuckie address they . chuckie hey , thanks for comin ' out . will yeah , you be all invite over to Morgan 's house for a complementary fish sandwich . the Police slam will into the hood of a car . will ( to Police ) hey , I know it 's not a french cruller , but it 's free . the cop hold will slam he [ will 's ] face into the hood , another cop use a baton to press will 's face into the car . the look of rage return to will 's eye . will get the fuck off I ! will resist . another cop come over . will kick he in the knee , drop the cop . momentarily freed , will engage in a fraca with three cop . more converge on will , who -- though he struggle -- take a beat . CUT to : ext . sean's roof -- night Sean sit , exactly as we first see he , except he tie be now loose and a empty bottle of bushmills be at he side . he stare out over the City . a matronly landlady come out of a doorway on the roof . landlady Sean ? Sean do not answer . landlady Sean ? you okay ? sean yeah . a beat . landlady it 's get cold . after a moment , she retreat back down the stair . Sean do not move . dissolve : ext . charle river , establishing shot -- morning the morning sun reflect brilliantly off the river . CUT to : ext . courthouse -- next morning will emerge from the courthouse . chuckie be wait for he in the cadillac with two cup of dunkin ' doughnut coffee . he hand one of they to will . this feel routine . chuckie when 's the arraignment ? will next week . chuckie pull away . CUT to : ext . m.i.t. campus , establishing shot -- morning student walk to class , carry bag . more than any other , student seem to be head into one particular classroom . int . m.i.t. classroom -- morning the classroom be even more crowded than last we see it . Tom take note as lambeau play along with the excited environment with mock pomposity and good humor . lambeau be it my imagination , or have my class grow considerably ? laughter . lambeau I look around and see young people who be my student , young people who be not my student as well as some of my colleague . and by no stretch of my imagination do I think you have all come to hear I lecture . more laughter . lambeau but rather to ascertain the identity of who we esteem " the tech " have come to call " the mystery math magician . " he hold up the m.i.t . tech feature a silhouett figure , emblazon with a large , white question mark . the headline read " mystery math magician strike again . " lambeau whoever you be , you have solve four of the most difficult theorem I have ever give a class . so without further ado , come forward silent rogue , and receive thy prize . the class wait in breathless anticipation . a student shift he weight in he chair , make a noise . lambeau well , I be sorry to disappoint my spectator , but it appear there will be no unmask here today . I be go to have to ask that of you not enrol in the class to make you escape now or , for the next three hour be subject to the mundity of eigenvector . people start to gather they thing and go . lambeau pick up a piece of chalk and start write on the board . lambeau however , my colleague and I have confer . there be a problem on the board , right now , that take we two year to prove . so let this be say ; the gauntlet have be throw down . but the faculty have answer the challenge and answer with vigor . CUT to : omitted int . m.i.t. hallway -- night lambeau come out of he office with Tom and lock the door . as he turn to walk down the hallway , he stop . a faint ticking SOUND can be hear . he turn and walk down the hall . lambeau and Tom come around a corner . his p.o.v. reveal a figure in silhouette blaze through the proof on the chalkboard . there be a mop and a bucket beside he . as lambeau draw closer , reveal that the figure be will , in he janitor 's uniform . there be a look of intense concentration in he eye . lambeau Excuse I ! will look up , immediately start to shuffle off . will oh , I be sorry . lambeau what be you do ? will ( walk away ) I be sorry . lambeau follow will down the hall . lambeau what 's you name ? ( beat ) do not you walk away from I . this be people 's work , you can not graffiti here . will hey fuck you . lambeau ( flustered ) well ... I will be speak to you supervisor . will walk out . lambeau go to " fix " the proof , scan the blackboard for whatever damage will cause . he stop , scan the board again . amazement register on he face . lambeau my God . down the hall , we hear the door close . he turn to look for will , who be go . CUT to : ext . bow and arrow pub , cambridge -- that night a crowded Harvard bar . will and we gang walk by a line of several Harvard student , wait to be card . morgan what happen ? ( beat ) you get fire , huh ? will yeah , Morgan . I get fire . morgan ( start laugh ) how fuckin ' retarded do you have to be to get shit - can from that job ? how hard be it to push a fuckin ' broom ? chuckie you get fire from push a broom , you little bitch . morgan yah , that be different . management be restructurin ' -- billy yah , restructurin ' the amount of retard they have workin ' for they . morgan fuck you , you fat fuck . billy least I work for a livin ' . ( to will ) why would you get fire ? will management be restructurin' . laughter . chuckie my uncle can probably get you on my demo team . morgan what the fuck ? I just ask you for a job yesterday ! chuckie I tell you " no " yesterday ! after two student flash they id 's to the doorman ( casey ) we boy file past he . all ( one after another ) what 's up case . with a imperceptible nod , casey wave we boy through . a fifth kid , a harvard student , try to follow . he be stop by casey 's massive , outstretch arm : casey id ? int . bow and arrow -- continuous chuckie be collect money from the guy to buy a pitcher , all but Morgan cough up some crumpled dollar . chuckie so , this be a Harvard bar , huh ? I think there would be equation and shit on the wall . int . back section , bow and arrow -- moment later chuckie return to a table where will , Morgan and billy have make themselves comfortable . he [ chuckie ] spot two attractive young harvard women sit together at the end of the bar . chuckie strut he way toward the woman and pull up a chair . he flash a smile and try to submerge he thick Boston accent . chuckie hey , how 's it goin ' ? lydia Fine . skylar okay . chuckie so , you lady ah , go to school here ? lydia yes . chuckie yeah , cause I think I have a class with you . at this point , several interested party materialize . Morgan billy and will try , as inconspicuously as possible , to situate themselves within listen distance . a rather large student in a harvard lacrosse sweatshirt , clark ( 22 ) notice chuckie . he [ Clark ] walk over to skylar and lydia , nobly hover over they as protector . this get will , Morgan , and billy 's attention . skylar what class ? chuckie ah , history I think . skylar oh ... chuckie yah , it 's not a bad school ... at this point , Clark can not resist and step in . clark what class do you say that be ? chuckie History . clark how would you like that course ? chuckie good , it be all right . clark History ? just " history ? " it must have be a survey course then . chuckie nod . Clark notice chuckie 's clothes . will and billy exchange a look and move subtly closer . clark pretty broad . " History of the World ? " chuckie hey , come on pal we be in class all day . that 's one thing about Harvard never seize to amaze I , everybody 's talkin ' about school all the time . clark hey , I be the last guy to want to talk about school at the bar . but as long as you be here I want to " seize " the opportunity to ask you a question . billy shift he beer into he leave hand . will and Morgan see this . Morgan roll he eye as if to say " not again ... " clark oh , I be sure you cover it in you history class . Clark look to see if the girl be impressed . they be not . when Clark look back to chuckie , skylar turn to lydia and roll she [ own ] eye . they laugh . will see this and smile . chuckie to tell you the truth , I be not there much . the class be rather elementary . clark elementary ? oh , I do not doubt that it be . I remember the class , it be just between recess and lunch . will and billy come forward , stand behind chuckie . chuckie all right , be we gonna have a problem ? clark there 's no problem . I be just hope you could give I some insight into the evolution of the market economy in the early colony . my contention be that prior to the Revolutionary War the economic modality especially of the southern colony could most aptly be characterize as agrarian precapitalist and ... will , who at this point have migrate to chuckie 's side and be completely feed - up , include himself in the conversation . will of course that 's you contention . you be a first year grad student . you just finish some marxian historian , Pete garrison prob'ly , and so naturally that 's what you believe until next month when you get to James lemon and get convinced that Virginia and Pennsylvania be strongly entrepreneurial and capitalist back in 1740 . that will last until sometime in you second year , then you will be in here regurgitate Gordon Wood about the pre-revolutionary utopia and the capital - form effect of military mobilization . clark ( take aback ) well , as a matter of fact , I will not , because Wood drastically underestimate the impact of -- will " Wood drastically underestimate the impact of social distinction predicate upon wealth , especially inherite wealth ... " you get that from " work in Essex County , " page 421 , right ? do you have any thought of you own on the subject or be you just gonna plagiarize the whole book for I ? Clark be stunne . will look , do not try to pass yourself off as some kind of a intellect at the expense of my friend just to impress this girl . Clark be lose now , search for a graceful exit , any exit . will the sad thing be , in about 50 year you might start doin ' some thinkin ' on you own and by then you will realize there be only two certainty in life . clark yeah ? what be that ? will one , do not do that . two -- you drop a hundred and fifty grand on a education you coulda ' pick up for a dollar fifty in late charge at the Public Library . will catch skylar 's eye . clark but I will have a degree , and you will be serve my kid fries at a drive through on we way to a ski trip . will ( smile ) maybe . but at least I will not be a prick . ( beat ) and if you get a problem with that , I guess we can step outside and deal with it that way . while will be substantially smaller than Clark , he [ Clark ] decide not to take will up on he [ will 's ] offer . will if you change you mind , I will be over by the bar . he turn and walk away . chuckie follow , throw Clark a look . Morgan turn to a nearby girl . morgan my boy 's wick smart . int . bow and arrow , at the bar -- later will sit with Morgan at the bar watch with some amusement as chuckie and billy play bar basketball game where the player shoot miniature ball at a small basket . in the b.g. occasionally we hear chuckie shouting " Larry ! " when he score . skylar emerge from the crowd and approach will . skylar you suck . will what ? skylar I have be sit over there for forty - five minute wait for you to come talk to I . but I be just tired now and I have to go home and I be not go to keep sit there wait for you . will I be will . skylar skylar . and by the way . that guy over there be a real dick and I just want you to know he do not come with we . will I kind of get that impression . skylar well , look , I have to go . gotta ' get up early and waste some more money on my overpriced education . will I do not mean you . listen , maybe ... skylar here 's my number . skylar produce a fold piece of paper and offer it to will . skylar maybe we could go out for coffee sometime ? will great , or maybe we could go somewhere and just eat a bunch of caramel . skylar what ? will when you think about it , it 's just as arbitrary as drink coffee . skylar ( laugh ) okay , sound good . she turn . will five minute . skylar what ? will I be try to be smooth . ( indicate clock ) but at twelve - fifteen I be gonna come over there and talk to you . skylar see , it 's my life story . five more minute and I would have get to hear you best pick - up line . will the caramel thing be my pick - up line . a beat . skylar glad I come over . CUT to : ext . bow and arrow -- later we boy be walk out of the bar teasing one another about they bar- ball exploit . across the street be another bar with a glass front . Morgan spot Clark sit by the window with some friend . morgan there go that fuckin' barney right now , with he fuckin ' " skiin ' trip . " we should 'a kick that dude 's ass . will hold up . will cross the street and approach the plate glass window and stand across from Clark , separate only by the glass . he pound the glass to get Clark 's attention . will hey ! Clark turn toward will . will do you like apple ? Clark do not get it . will do you like apple ?! clark yeah ? will slam skylar' phone number against the glass . will well I got her number ! how do ya like they apple ?!! will 's boy erupt into laughter . angle on Clark , deflate . ext . STREET -- night the boy make they way home , pile into chuckie 's car , laugh together . ext . charle STREET bridge -- dawn shot of car crossing over the Charles St. Bridge , overtake a red-line train . ext . charleston backroad -- dawn travel through narrow back road in charlestown , pass the bunker Hill monument . ext . will apartment -- day arrive at will 's house and drop he off . dissolve to : int . m.i.t. build and ground garage -- day lambeau walk into a small garage facility . the area store lawn machinery and various tool . a older man , terry ( 58 ) sit behind the desk read the boston herald sport page . lambeau have obviously never be here before . he take in the surroundings , somewhat uncomfortable . get dirty . lambeau Excuse I . be this the building and grounds office ? terry yeah , can I help you ? lambeau I be try to find the name of a student who work here . terry no student work for I . lambeau could you just check , because the young man who work in my building -- terry which one 's you building ? lambeau Building two . Terry check a list behind he [ own ] desk . look up . terry well , if something be steal , I should know about it . lambeau no , no . nothing like that . I just need he name . terry I can not give you he name unless you have a complaint . lambeau please , I be a professor here and it 's very important . terry well , he do not show up for work today ... Terry take a beat . holding all the card . terry look , he get he job through he p.o. so you can call he . Terry go through a stack of paper on he desk . take out a card and hand it to lambeau . lambeau look blankly at the card which read : " parole employment program . " int . courtroom -- day will stand before judge malone ( 40 ) be arraign . it be fairly unceremonious , the courtroom nearly empty , save will and the prosecutor . lambeau walk in from the back . will there be a lengthy legal precedent , you honor , go back to 1789 , whereby a defendant may claim self - defense against a agent of the government where the act be show to be a defense against tyranny , a defense of liberty -- the judge interrupt to address the prosecutor . judge malone Mr. simmon , Officer mcneely who sign the complaint be not in my courtroom . why be that ? prosecutor he 's in the hospital with a break knee , you honor . but I have deposition from the other officer . will Henry Ward beecher proclaim , in he proverbs from plymouth pulpit back in 1887 , that " every american citizen be by birth , a swear officer of the state . every man be a policeman . " as for the other officer , even William congrave say ; " he that first cry out ' stop thief ' be ' oft he that have steal the treasure . " prosecutor you honor -- will crank it up . will ( to prosecutor ) I be afforded the right to speak in my own defense by we constitution , Sir . the same document which guarantee my right to liberty . " Liberty , " in case you have forget , be " the soul 's right to breathe , and when it cannot take a long breath law be gird too tight . without liberty , man be a syncope . " ( beat , to judge ) ibid . you honor . prosecutor man be a what ? will julius caesar proclaim -- though he be wounded -- " magna ... " the judge interrupt . judge malone Son , ( a beat ) my turn . the judge open will 's case history . judge malone ( read ) June , ' 93 , assault , Sept. ' 93 assault ... Grand theft auto February ' 94 . a beat , the judge take particular notice . judge malone where , apparently , you defend yourself and have the case throw out by cite " free property rights of horse and carriage " from 1798 ... lambeau have to smile , impressed . the judge shake he head . judge malone March , ' 94 public drunkenness , public nudity , assault . 10/94 mayhem . November ' 94 , assault . Jan. ' 95 impersonate a police officer , mayhem , theft , resisting -- overturn -- the judge take a beat . give will a look . judge malone you be in my courtroom , now and I be aware of you prior . ( beat ) I be also aware that you be a orphan . you have be through several foster home . the state remove you from three because of serious physical abuse . the judge hold a look to will , who look down . judge malone another judge might care . you hit a cop , you go in . ( beat ) motion to dismiss deny . the bailiff go to remove will from the courtroom . judge malone keep workin ' on you argument , son . a word of advice for trial ; speak English . as will be remove from the courtroom , lambeau approach judge malone who be step down from the bench . lambeau Excuse I , you honor. ( offer hand ) Gerald lambeau . a awkward beat . lambeau wait for some sign of recognition . lambeau I be a professor at m.i.t. ( beat ) combunatorial Mathematics . the judge offer only a blank look . judge malone oh. please to meet you . lambeau do you have a minute ? CUT to : int . middlesex county jail , holding area -- same a guard walk will down a hallway toward a group of phone . guard one call , to a attorney . ( beat ) one . the Guard give will a hard look for a beat . then leave . will how many ? will pick up the phone , dial . will hey , skylar ? int . skylar' dorm -- day skylar yeah ? will it 's will , the really funny good look guy you meet at the bar ? skylar I be sorry , I do not recall meeting anyone who fit that description . will okay , you get I . it 's the ugly , obnoxious , toothless loser who get drunk and would not leave you alone all night . skylar oh will ! I be wonder when you would call . will yeah , I figure maybe sometime this week we could go to a cafe and have some caramel . skylar sound good , where be you now ? will you be not , by any chance , pre-law ? be you ? CUT to : int . middlesex county jail , interrogation room -- later Professor lambeau sit , wait . will be bring in , shackle , by the guard . lambeau hello . Gerald lambeau , m.i.t. will fuck do you want ? lambeau I have speak with the judge and he 's agree to release you under my supervision . will ( suspicious ) really ? lambeau ( beat ) yes . under two condition . will what be that ? lambeau that you meet with I twice a week ( a beat ) and you meet with a therapist . will if I agree to this , I walk right now ? lambeau that 's right . will I will do the work . I be not go to meet with a therapist . lambeau now , it will not be as bad as it sound , will. ( beat ) I have already speak to one therapist , he name be Henry lipkin and he 's a friend of mine . he 's also publish four book and be widely consider to be one of the brightest man in he field . ( beat ) I be sure it will be better than spend the next six month in jail . CUT to : int . funland -- day will and chuckie walk up to a enclose trampoline . billy and Morgan prefer to use it for they own version of " wrestlemania . " as will and chuckie approach , billy be on top of a bloody Morgan and have he in the " cobra clutch . " will and chuckie watch for a beat . billy tighten he grip . billy submit , bitch ! submit ! submit ! morgan ( be strangle ) suck my cock ! billy oh , Morgan ! chuckie turn to will , conspiratorially as they wait for the fight to finish . chuckie what would you get ? you get leniency ? will probation , counselin' , few day a week . chuckie you be fuckin ' good . will smile . chuckie just submit , Morgan . he 's get you in the cobra clutch . morgan ( to chuckie ) fuck you mother too ! int . will apartment -- night will sit alone in he one room apartment , read . a closer look reveal he be read a self - help psychology book . will be flipping through the book at about a page per second . he shake he head and smile . upon finish the book , he throw it in a nearby wastebasket . push in on the back of the book where a smiling psychologist be picture . int . psychologist's office -- continuous will sit in a well decorate psychologist 's Office . across from will sit the same psychologist , henry lipkin ( 40 ) , from the book . they be in mid-session . will that 's why I love stock - car racin ' . that Dale ernhart 's real good . psychologist now you know will , and I know , what you need to be do . you have a gift . will I could work the pit maybe , but I could never drive like Dale ernhart -- psychologist you have a quality -- something you be bear with , that you have no control over -- and you be , in a sense , hide that by become a janitor . and I be not say that 's wrong . I be friend with the janitor that work in my building . he 's be to my house for dinner . as a matter of fact I do some free consultation for " Mike " -- that 's not he real name . that 's in my book . will yeah , I read you book . " Mike " have the same problem as " Chad " the stockbroker . psychologist yes . the pressure you feel , and again , I be neither labeling nor judge they , be keep you from fulfil you potential -- you be in a rut . so stop the Tom foolery -- the shenanigan 's , will . will you be right . I know . psychologist will , you not get off that easy . will no , but , I mean you know ... I do other thing . that no one know about . psychologist like what , will ? will I go place , I interact . psychologist what place ? will certain , club . ( beat ) like , paradise . it 's not bad . will give the psychologist a furtive look . will it 's just that feel when you can take you shirt off and really dance . ( beat ) when the music own you . do you understand ? psychologist I might understand that . will do you find it hard to hide the fact that you be gay ? psychologist what ? will c'mon , I read you book . I talk to you . it 's just something I know to be true . psychologist that 's very presumptuous . will buddy , two second ago you be ready to give I a jump . psychologist ( a little laugh ) well , I be sorry to disappoint you , but I be marry and I have two child . will I be sure you do . you probably get a real nice house , nice car -- you book 's a best seller . psychologist you be get defensive , will . will look , man . I do not care if you be put from the rough . there be solid argument that some of the great people in history be gay ; Alexander the great , caesar , Shakespeare , oscar wilde , napoleon , gertrude stein , not to mention Danny terrio , not many straight man can dance like that . psychologist who be " Danny terrio ? " will if you wanna hit " ramrod , " take you shot . take some pride in it . you go to church ? so fuckin ' what , God love you . I mean , Christ . a guy as well know as you ? by the time you put you disguise on and skulk out of the house Sunday night you probably look like " Inspector clouseau . " the psychologist calmly pack he thing . psychologist well , I can see this be pointless ... will you be get defensive ... Henry . and hey , chief -- tell the wife , at least . Christ , set she free . the shrink get up and walk out . will fuckin ' hypocrite ... int . hallway -- continuous the psychologist come walk out , much to the surprise of lambeau and Tom who have be wait in the lobby . lambeau Henry ? the psychologist keep walk . psychologist no . you know what , Gerry ? this be why I do not do pro-bono anymore . it 's not worth it to I . lambeau what happen ? psychologist I do not have the time . I be go on national television this week . lambeau wait a minute , Henry ... he [ Henry ] be out the door . lambeau look to Tom . CUT to : int . lambeaus office -- day will be in lambeau 's office . lambeau be at the board , work on a diagram as Tom take note . will seem disinterested . lambeau this rectangle be subdivide into rectangle . one edge of a inner rectangle be a integer . can you prove that one edge of the larger rectangle be a integer ? will of course . lambeau okay . how ? will it 's a integer proof . lambeau smile . will what ? hey , look buddy my time 's almost up . you want I to sit here for a hour and write it out ? lambeau say nothing . will get up and go to the board . will look , I will give you the key step to it but I be not gonna do the whole thing . lambeau keep smile . lambeau that would be a monumental waste of time , would not it , will ? will I think so . lambeau I happen to know so . lambeau rise and go to the board . lambeau you be think too hard . what if I do this ? he draw a vertical line through the diagram . lambeau now , what if I do this ? he draw a horizontal line through the diagram . he hand will the chalk . lambeau have you ever play checker ? will realize what lambeau be get at . in a flash he start draw line through the diagram , energize . will you color-code it . half -re , half - black . if that 's a integer -- lambeau step in , write with he [ will ] . lambeau what 's that ? will half -re , half - black -- lambeau -- that ? -- will -- half -re , half - black -- lambeau -- that edge ! will a integer . the two stop . they be silent for a moment . like two gunfighter after a duel , they put down the chalk . lambeau ( check he watch ) it would appear we get that proof in under the wire after all . it 's not how hard you look at thing , young man , it 's the way you look at they . if you take aim before you fire , you will find the most difficult problem become , quite literally , child 's play . will get he coat . lambeau will , you have manage to offend four of my colleague so much that they refuse to come back . you be meeting with the lead hypnotist in the country next week and Tom and I plan to sit in on the session , so I expect you to behave appropriately . CUT to : int . lambeaus office -- day will sit in a chair across from lambeau and the hypnotist . lambeau 's assistant , tom ( 33 ) take note . the hypnotist make small talk with lambeau , who check he watch . lambeau shall we start the , uh ... will yeah , when do I get my hypnosis ? you guy be talkin ' for twenty minute . hypnotist yes , will . we will get to that . but first , why do not you go to sleep for I . he snap he finger and instantly will 's head go back and he eye close . the hypnotist give lambeau a look . hypnotist would you mind stand on one leg ? will get up and stand on one leg . lambeau be impressed . time CUT to : int . lambeaus office -- later will be recline , eye close , in a trance - like state . the mood be more serious now . hypnotist okay , you be in you bed , will . now how old be you ? will Seven . hypnotist and what do you see ? will somethin 's in my room . hypnotist what be it ? will it 's like a small figure , hoverin ' over I . gettin ' closer . will flinch . hypnotist you be in a safe place , will . will it 's touch I . lambeau make a sound . the hypnotist shush he [ lambeau ] with he [ hypnotist 's ] finger . Tom return to he note-take . hypnotist where be it touch you ? will down there . ( indicate genitals ) and I be nervous . hypnotist you do not have to be nervous , will . lambeau and the therapist trade look . this be work . will ' Cause I be not ready . ( calming ) but the figure tell I everything 's gonna be all right . ' Cause the figure 's a Libra too . and we start dancin ' and it 's beautiful -- will break into song at full volume . will " sky rocket in flight ! " lambeau ( get up ) oh Jesus . the hypnotist get up and start head towards the door . will be still sing from " Sky rocket . " lambeau wait a minute , Barry . hypnotist I have better way to spend my time . he be go . will stop sing , laugh . lambeau oh , for God 's sake , will . will oh , come on ! you be not pinnin ' this one on I . he leave , I want to talk to he for another twenty minute . I be havin ' fun . lambeau I tell you to cooperate with this people . will c'mon , that guy be a fuckin ' piece of work . will get up and adopt a hypnotic persona in front of lambeau . will ( spooky voice ) look into my eye . I do not need therapy . lambeau get out , will . will okay ... do not forget to get another therapist for next week . lambeau that 's enough . will be out the door . lambeau turn to Tom . tom I call mel weintraub this morning , to check for availability . lambeau what 's the point ? tom what do you want to do ? lambeau there be somebody ... tom who be he ? lambeau he be my roommate in college . int . bunker hill campus -- day this be sean maguire be " dying and bereavement " class . emblazon on the door be " room 101 . " while the lecture hall could hold sixty student , there be less than fifteen here today . Sean Maguire lecture to the class in a resign tone . tire of teach , tired of life , he find himself resign to the tedium of teach core class to a indifferent student body . sean establish trust be the most important component in make breakthroughs with a patient . why ? a beat . sean Maureen ? maureen be only response be a empty stare . sean keep up the good work , Maureen . vinnie ? vinnie look up . vinnie because trust be a important thing . sean do not bullshit I , vinnie . do not you brother give you the note ? okay . if a patient do not trust you then they will not feel safe enough to be honest with you -- then there 's no point to they be in therapy . it 's like say -- " Fine , come here and do not tell I a thing but go home feel like you be do something about you problem -- and give I my fifty buck before you leave will ya ' ! " he look around the room for approval . no one be listen . sean if you do not help they trust you -- then there 's no way you will ever get they to sleep with you . and that should be the goal of any good therapist . insecure woman , you know ... nail them when they be vulnerable , that 's always be my motto . the student look up , somewhat stunne . sean see , I get vinnie 's attention . laughter . Sean start to resume he lecture , when he notice lambeau stand in the back of the room . there be a awkward moment . sean Gerry . lambeau Sean . sean ( to class ) well , it seem we be in the presence of greatness . Professor Gerald lambeau be a field 's Medal winner . combunatorial Mathematics . 1986 . the student stare blankly . lambeau hello . sean the field 's Medal be the Nobel Prize for math . ( beat ) but it 's only give out every four year . a beat . sean okay , that 's all for today . try and get through fernald by Monday . the class start to pack up and file out . lambeau approach Sean who step down from the lectern . lambeau good to see you . sean good to see you . lambeau be there someplace we can talk ? CUT to : ext . harvard square -- night will and skylar on they first date . they watch a street magician do trick with a rabbit . the guy 's trick be pretty good , but he on -stage persona could use some work . he be incessantly repeat the phrase " this be the rabbit , the rabbit really do the trick . " will give skylar a look and they move on . CUT to : int . toy store -- later will and skylar walk into the small shop . skylar I do not know , it be just kind of the boring suburban thing . private school , Harvard , and now med. School . ( beat ) I actually figure out that at the end of it , my brain will be worth a quarter of a million dollar . I should not have tell you that ... will I bet you parent be happy to pay . skylar I be happy to pay . I inherite the money . will be Harvard gettin ' all that money ? skylar Stanford . I be leave in June after I graduate . will so you just want to use I and go ? skylar well , I be gonna experiment on you for my anatomy class , then go . will in that case , fine . ( beat ) want to see my magic trick ? skylar sure . will , pull out a bulg handful of caramel . will now , I be gonna make all this caramel disappear . skylar okay ... will go into all manner of hocus-pocus theatrics . then shake he hand wildly . the trick do not pan out and the caramel go fly all over the store . skylar laugh . will it work better when I have my rabbit . CUT to : int . lockober restaurant -- night lambeau and Sean share a table at this exclusive restaurant . Sean seem slightly out of place in he wrinkle sport coat . lambeau I do not see you at the reunion . sean I have be busy . lambeau you be miss . ( beat ) how long have it be since we have see each other ? sean since Nancy die . lambeau I be sorry , that damn conference -- sean I get you card . int . harvard sq . diner : " the tasty " -- night a fry cook hand will and skylar a pair of cheeseburgers . skylar have you ever see Annie Hall ? will no . skylar well , there 's this part of the movie that 's about how there 's always this tension on a first date where both people be think about what 's go to happen with the whole ' good night kiss ' thing . will smile . will I really do not ' date ' that much . skylar ( laugh ) you know what I mean . I know you have at least think about it . will no I have not ... skylar yes you have . you be think you be gonna get a good night kiss . will ( mock protest ) no I be not ... skylar yes you be . will I be kinda ' hopin ' to get a " good night laid " but ... I will take a kiss . she laugh . skylar oh , you will ? will no ... I be hope to get a kiss . skylar then why do not we just get it out of the way . he look at she . will now ? both of they have cheeseburger in they mouth . skylar yeah . they kiss , mouth full of burger . it 's nice . a beat . skylar that have to be the worst good night kiss ... will laugh . will hey , look lady , I be just here for the free food . she smile . skylar free ? will hey , I spend all my money on that caramel . she laugh . CUT to : int . lockober restaurant -- same lambeau and Sean , have finish they meal . lambeau have be pitching Sean . sean I have be busy , Gerry . I get a full schedule . lambeau this kid 's special , Sean . I have never see anything like he . sean not much free time , Gerry . lambeau have you ever hear of a man name ramanujan ? Sean nod he head . sean yeah . lambeau he be alive over a hundred year ago . he be indian . dot , not feather ... Sean finish the joke . lambeau chuckle . lambeau so this ramanujan live in a tiny hut in India . no formal education , no access to other work . but he come across a old math book and from this basic text he be able to extrapolate theory that have baffle mathematician for year . sean and he mail it to hardy -- lambeau that 's right , Sean . he mail it to a professor at Cambridge who immediately recognize the brilliance in he work and bring ramanujan to England . sean where he contract pneumonia and die at a young age -- lambeau they work together for the remainder of they life , produce some of the most exciting math theory ever do . ramanujan 's genius be unparalleled , Sean . this boy be like that . but he 's very defensive and I need someone who can get through to he . sean why I ? lambeau I need someone with you kind of background . sean my kind of background ? lambeau you be from the same neighborhood . South Boston . sean he 's from southie ? how many people do you try before you come to I ? lambeau ( look squarely at Sean ) five . Sean give a slight , know smile . sean who ? Barry , Henry , Rick ... lambeau nod . sean not Rick ? you do not send he to Rick ? lambeau just meet with the boy once a week . sean can we do it at my office ? lambeau that would be fine . the waiter come with the check . each man reach for it . lambeau Sean , please . sean I get it . lambeau it 's on the college . Sean relent . CUT to : ext . bunker hill campus -- morning establish shot of the red-brick campus . plane land at nearby Logan airport . will walk up the step . CUT to : int . sean's office -- day Sean 's office be comfortable . book be stack against the wall . there be a painting on the wall behind Sean . Sean be seat behind a desk . lambeau sit in a chair in the back of the room , next to Tom . a long beat pass , they wait . lambeau any vulnerability he sense , he will exploit . sean I will be okay . lambeau it 's a poker game with this young man . do not let he see what you have get . Sean nod . will walk in . everyone stand to greet will . lambeau hello , will . any trouble find the place ? will no . lambeau will , this be Sean Maguire . Sean , will hunting . Sean and will nod . a awkward moment as the four man stand . lambeau well , let 's get start . will yeah , let 's let the heal begin . lambeau be slightly embarrassed . Sean smile at will 's joke . sean would you excuse we ? lambeau Tom . sean you too , Gerry . lambeau look at Sean , surprised . Sean 's stare be unwaver . after a awkward moment , lambeau go , leave Sean and will alone . will do not look at Sean for more than a second . he seem more interested in the room . there be a long silence as Sean watch will . sean hello , will . I be Sean Maguire . a smile cross will 's face as he walk to he chair and sit . he light a cigarette . Sean continue to watch he . finally - sean where be you from in southie ? will do you buy all this book retail , or do you send away for like a " shrink kit " that come with all this volume include ? sean have you read all this book , will ? will probably not . sean ( indicate a shelf ) how about the one on that shelf ? will 's eye flicker up to the shelf for a instant . will yeah , I read that . sean what do you think ? will I be not here for a fuckin ' book report . they be you book , why do not you read them ? sean I do . will that must have take you a long time . sean yeah , it do take I a long time . Sean say this with pride . his determine stare and confident manner catch will a bit off guard . will rise from he chair and go to the shelf . will ( look at book ) " a History of the United States , volume I . " if you want to read a real history book , read Howard Zinn 's " a people 's History of the United States . " that book will knock you on you ass . sean how about Noam Chomsky 's " manufacactur consent ? " will you people baffle I . you spend all this money on beautiful , fancy book -- and they be the wrong fuckin ' book . sean you think so ? will whatever blow you hair back . will return to he chair . pause . sean ( indicate cigarette ) guy you age should not smoke so much . stunt you growth . will you be right . it really get in the way of my jazzercize . Sean do not seem at all affect by will 's attitude . he remain behind the big desk with almost half a smile on he face . will be aware of Sean 's confidence . will do you lift ? sean yes , I do . will nautilus ? sean free weight . will oh yeah ? I too . what do you bench ? sean 285 . will oh. will get up again and move around he chair to Sean 's painting . it be a picture of a old sailboat in a tremendous storm -- by no mean a masterpiece . will study it . will you paint this ? sean yeah . do you paint ? will no . sean crayon ? will this be a real piece of shit . sean tell I what you really think . will poor color composition , lousy use of space . but that shit do not really concern I . sean what do ? will the color here , see how dark it be ? it 's interesting . sean what be ? will I think you be one step away from cut you ear off . sean oh , " Starry night " time , huh ? will you ever hear the say , " any port in a storm ? " sean sure , how ' bout " still water run deep " - will -- well , maybe that mean you . sean maybe what meat -- will maybe you be in the middle of a storm , a big fuckin ' storm -- the wave be crash over the bow , the goddamn mast be about to snap , and you be cry for the harbor . so you do what you have to do , to get out . maybe you become a psychologist . sean maybe you should be a patient and sit down . will maybe you marry the wrong woman . sean watch you mouth . will that 's it be not it ? you marry the wrong woman . she leave you ? be she bangin ' someone else ? Sean be walk slowly towards will . will how be the seas now , D -- in a flash , Sean have will by the throat . will be helpless . sean if you ever disrespect my wife again ... I will end you . will time 's up . CUT to : int . hallway -- continuous will walk out of Sean 's office past lambeau and Tom who be sit in the hallway . will at ease , gentleman . CUT to : int . sean's office -- day Sean stand behind he desk in he office , still very much on edge . lambeau walk in . lambeau five minute , Sean . be you okay ? a pause , Sean be stare at he painting . lambeau I will understand if you do not want to meet with he again . sean Thursday , four o'clock . make sure the kid be here . CUT to : ext . wonderland racetrack -- day will and skylar sit in the stand watch the dog run . they ad lib teasing one another about England , Ireland , and America . skylar you grow up around here ? will not far from here , South Boston . skylar how be that ? will pretty boring , I guess . she smile . skylar I bet you have a great family . will you know , nothing special . skylar you have a lot of brother and sister ? will do I have a lot of brother and sister ? skylar yeah . will well , irish Catholic . what do you think ? skylar how many ? will you would not believe I if I tell you . skylar what , five ? will shake he head . skylar Seven ? will shake he head . smile . skylar come on . will I have twelve big brother . skylar not a chance . will yup , you be lookin ' at lucky thirteen . skylar bullshit . will I swear to God . skylar you house must have be a zoo . will it be great . there be always someone to play with , give you advice . skylar do you know all they name ? will ' course I do , they be my brother . skylar well ... will marky , ricky , Danny , Terry , mikey , davey , timmy , Tommy , joey , robby , johnny , and Brian . skylar ( laugh ) do you keep in touch with they ? will all the time . we all live in southie . I live with three of they now . skylar smile . skylar I want to meet they . will we will do that . CUT to : int . sean's apartment -- night as we pan across Sean 's small apartment , we find it strewn with dirty clothes and the sink full of dish . although , if it be not for the clutter , the place would feel pretty bare . a frame sport illustrate cover feature a scream Larry Bird and entitle " celtic pride " hang on the wall . Sean sit at the table next to another nearly empty bottle of bushmill's irish whiskey . he be deep in think . CUT to : int . sean's office -- day will stroll into the office . Sean be wait there behind he desk . he seem different . more calm . will and Sean stare at each other for a long moment . will you again . how the paintin ' come ? Sean stand up . sean come with I . CUT to : ext . boston common -- minute later Sean and will sit in the bleacher at the mostly empty park . they look out over a small pond , in which a group of schoolchild on a field trip ride the famous swan boat . will so what 's with this place ? you have a swan fetish ? be this something you would like to talk about ? sean I be think about what you say to I the other day , about my painting . I stay up half the night think about it and then something occur to I and I fall into a deep peaceful sleep and have not think about you since . you know what occur to I ? will no . sean you be just a boy . you do not have the faintest idea what you be talk about . will why thank you . sean you have never be out of Boston . will no . sean so if I ask you about art you could give I the skinny on every art book ever write ... Michelangelo ? you know a lot about he I bet . life 's work , criticism , political aspiration . but you could not tell I what it smell like in the sistine Chapel . you have never stand there and look up at that beautiful ceiling . and if I ask you about woman I be sure you could give I a syllabus of you personal favorite , and maybe you have be laid a few time too . but you could not tell I how it feel to wake up next to a woman and be truly happy . if I ask you about war you could refer I to a bevy of fictional and non-fictional material , but you have never be in one . you have never hold you best friend 's head in you lap and watch he draw he last breath , look to you for help . and if I ask you about love I would get a sonnet , but you have never look at a woman and be truly vulnerable . known that someone could kill you with a look . that someone could rescue you from grief . that God have put a angel on Earth just for you . and you would not know how it feel to be she angel . to have the love be there for she forever . through anything , through cancer . you would not know about sleep sit up in a hospital room for two month hold she hand and not leave because the doctor could see in you eye that the term " visit hour " do not apply to you . and you would not know about real loss , because that only occur when you lose something you love more than yourself , and you have never dare to love anything that much . I look at you and I do not see a intelligent confident man , I do not see a peer , and I do not see my equal . I see a boy . nobody could possibly understand you , right will ? yet you presume to know so much about I because of a painting you see . you must know everything about I . you be a orphan , right ? will nod quietly . sean do you think I would presume to know the first thing about who you be because I read " Oliver twist ? " and I do not buy the argument that you do not want to be here , because I think you like all the attention you be get . personally , I do not care . there 's nothing you can tell I that I can not read somewhere else . unless we talk about you life . but you will not do that . maybe you be afraid of what you might say . Sean stand , sean it 's up to you . and walk away . CUT to : int . construction site -- day will and chuckie do demo at the site . they throw cinderblock out a window into a pile . they be filthy . CUT to : ext . south boston STREET -- night rain pound South Boston . chuckie sit with the cadillac fiddling , hum to the radio . Morgan and billy sit in the back , share a case of beer . will be at a pay phone . int . skylar' room -- night skylar hello ? will hang up and run back to the car , soak . chuckie who would you call ? will no one . I do not have the number . morgan what be you , retarded ? you go all the way out there in the rain and you do not have the number ? will no , it be you mother 's 900 number . I just run out of quarter . laughter . chuckie pull away from the curb . morgan why do not we get off mother , I just get off yours . there be a long moment of silence in response to Morgan 's attempt at levity . then laughter . billy you be a pretty funny guy . here , have a nickel . billy whip he empty Beer can off of Morgan 's head . morgan keep fuckin ' with I . watch what happen . billy all right , then . morgan watch what happen . CUT to : int . sean's office -- day will sit across from Sean completely silent and take out a pack of cigarettes . sean no smoking . will put the cigarettes away . Sean stare at will and occasionally at the clock . Sean continue to check the clock on the wall . it be the only clock in the room and it be behind will . they hour be almost up . close on : will eye intercut with the clock . he be count second . as the second hand cross the twelve , will stand up and walk out , leave Sean alone . int . hallway -- later lambeau and Sean walk down the hallway after the session . lambeau what do you mean " he do not talk ? " you sit there for a hour ? sean no , he just sit there and count the second until the session be over . it be pretty impressive , actually . lambeau why would he do that ? sean to show I he do not have to talk to I if he do not want to . lambeau oh , what be this ? some kind of stare contest between two kid from the " old neighborhood ? " sean I will not talk first . ext . will apartment -- evening chuckie drop will off at he apartment , watch he [ will ] walk up the step . dissolve to : ext . will apartment -- morning chuckie pull up to the curb and walk up the step to will 's front door . after a beat , will emerge . they get back in [ the car ] . CUT to : ext . construction site -- day will and chuckie at work . chuckie show will how to be a man . int . L STREET bar &amp ; grille , south boston -- night the bar be a bit more crowded than usual . will and chuckie walk back to they table , carry beer . they pass a table of girl , local regular get just as bomb as the guy . this girl be a little overdo . too much make - up , too much hairspray , and too much body for such tight outfit . one of the girl , krystyn , smile at will who seem subdued . krystyn hi , will . will how you doin ' , krystyn . they pass the table of girl . chuckie look at one , ruefully . chuckie I do not get on Cathy last night . will why not ? chuckie I do not know . chuckie turn back to one of the girl , call out : chuckie Cathy ! why do not you give I none of you twat last night ? a girl at the table , cathy , hold up she pinky finger and smile -- revealing a mouthful of missing teeth . cathy fuck you and you irish curse , chuckie ! chuckie she 's missin ' tooth , will . will nod , not really into it tonight . chuckie plus , it 's like , five to two Morgan end up marryin ' she . there 's only so many time you can bang you friend 's future wife ... they get to the table . will 's heart just be not in it . will I be takin ' off . all we be goin ' late night . will I be tired . CUT to : int . lambeaus office -- day will and lambeau work together at the board . they communicate non-verbally as they collaborate on a problem . after a particularly amusing series of number , they share a look and laugh . CUT to : int . sean's office -- day will and Sean sit in silence . a long moment pass . Sean casually recline in he chair , disinterested . will restlessly look around the room and then back to Sean . a odd half smile cross Sean 's face . after a moment : will you know , I be on this plane once . and I be sittin ' there and the captain come on and be like " we will be cruise at 35,000 foot , " and do he thing , then he put the mike down but forget to turn it off . then he say " man , all I want right now be a blow - job and a cup of coffee . " so the stewardess go runnin ' up towards the cock - pit to tell he the mike 's still on , and this guy in the back of the plane go " do not forget the coffee ! " sean ( smile ) you have never be on a plane . will I know , but the joke 's better if I tell it in the first person . a beat . will I have be laid you know . Sean smile . sean yeah ? you get a lady now ? will yeah , I go on a date last week . sean how would it go ? will Fine . sean well , be you go out again ? will I do not know . sean why not ? will have not call she . sean Jesus Christ , you be a amateur . will I know what I be do . she 's different from the other girl I meet . we have a really good time . she 's smart , beautiful , fun ... sean so Christ , call she up . will why ? so I can realize she 's not so smart . that she 's boring . you do not get it . right now she 's perfect , I do not want to ruin that . sean and right now you be perfect too . maybe you do not want to ruin that . will say nothing . sean well , I think that 's a great philosophy will , that way you can go through you entire life without ever have to really know anybody . Sean look directly at will , who look away . a beat . sean my wife use to turn the alarm clock off in she sleep . I be late for work all the time because in the middle of the night she would roll over and turn the damn thing off . eventually I get a second clock and put it under my side of the bed , but it get to where she be gettin ' to that one too . she be afraid of the dark , so the closet light be on all night . thing keep I up half the night . eventually I would fall asleep , out of sheer exhaustion and not wake up when I be suppose to cause she would have already get to my alarm . will smile , Sean take a beat . sean my wife 's be dead two year , will . and when I think about she , that be the thing I think about most . Little idiosyncrasies that only I know about . that make she my wife . and she have the goods on I too . Little thing I do out of habit . people call this thing imperfection will . it 's just who we be . and we get to choose who we be go to let into out weird little world . you be not perfect . and let I save you the suspense , this girl you meet be not either . the question be , whether or not you be perfect for each other . you can know everything in the world , but the only way you be findin ' that one out be by give it a shot . you sure will not get the answer from a old fucker like I . and even if I do know , I would not tell you . will smile . a beat . will why not ? you tell I every other fuckin ' thing . you talk more than any shrink I ever meet . Sean laugh . sean I teach this shit , I do not say I know how to do it . will you ever think about gettin ' remarry ? sean my wife 's dead . will hence , the word remarry . sean my wife 's dead . will well I think that 's a wonderful philosophy , Sean . that way you can go through the rest of you life without have to really know anyone . a beat . Sean smile . sean time 's up . CUT to : ext . skylar' dorm -- afternoon will be wait outside the door for someone to come out -- so he can go in . int . skylar' dorm -- afternoon the door to skylar 's dorm be partially open . will stand outside while skylar remain on the threshold . skylar where have you be ? will I be sorry , I be real busy . skylar you be busy ? you know , I really be wait for you to call I . will sorry . I be sorry . give I another crack at it . let I take you out . skylar you should have call . I have a " o - chem " lab due tomorrow and it 's impossible . ( beat ) it 's not a excuse dummy . I want to go out with you . but look : she hold up she Lab . will glance at it . skylar tomorrow ? will promise ? skylar if you bring the caramel . will smile . CUT to : ext . harvard square -- later will sit in a outdoor cafe , think . after a beat , he lean over to two student work at a nearby table , borrow a pen and paper and start write . CUT to : ext . skylar' dorm -- day will be a solitary figure strolling across the lawn . he stop at skylar 's dorm and knock on the door . CUT to : int . skylar' dorm -- day she emerge . he hand she the paper he be work on . it be she o-chem lab . will I could not wait till tomorrow . skylar how the hell do you do that ? will do not you mother ever tell you not to look a gift horse in the mouth ? skylar I be suppose to understand this . will you be not go into surgery tomorrow be you ? skylar no. will then let 's go have some fun . with a smile , she relent . int . sean's office -- day Sean and will in session . sean really ? how would the date go ? will do you still counsel veteran ? ( beat ) I read you book last night . sean no , I do not . will why not ? sean I give that up when my wife get sick . will be that why you do not write anything else ? sean ( smile ) I do not write anything else ' cause nobody , include most of my colleague bother to read the first one . will well , I have read you colleague . you book be good , Sean . ( beat ) all that guy be in you platoon ? sean yeah . will what happen to that guy from kentucky ? sean lon ? he get marry . he have a kid . I kind of lose touch with he after Nancy get sick . will do you ever wonder what you life would be like if you never meet you wife ? sean what ? do I wonder if I would be better off if I never meet my wife ? will start to clarify he question . sean no , that 's okay . it 's a important question . ' Cause you will have you bad time , which wake you up to the good stuff you be not pay attention to . and you can fail , as long as you be try hard . but there 's nothing worse than regret . will you do not regret meetin ' you wife ? sean why ? because of the pain I feel now ? I have regret will , but I do not regret a singel day I spend with she . will when do you know she be the one ? sean October 21 , 1975 . game six of the World Series . biggest game in Red Sox history , I and my friend sleep out on the sidewalk all night to get ticket . we be sit in a bar wait for the game to start and in walk this girl . what a game that be . tie game in the bottom of the tenth inning , in step carlton fisk , hit a long fly ball down the leave field line . thirty - five thousand fan on they foot , screamin ' at the ball to stay fair . fisk be runnin ' up the baseline , wavin ' at the ball like a madman . it hit the foul pole , home run . thirty - five thousand people go crazy . and I be not one of they . will where be you ? sean I be havin ' a drink with my future wife . will you miss pudge fisk 's homerun to have a drink with a woman you have never meet ? sean that 's right . will so wait a minute . the Red Sox have not win a World Series since nineteen eighteen , you sleep out for ticket , game gonna start in twenty minute , in walk a girl you never see before , and you give you ticket away ? sean you should have see this girl . she light up the room . will I do not care if helen of Troy walk into that bar ! that 's game six of the World Series ! Sean smile . will and what kind of friend be this ? they let you get away with that ? sean I just sly my ticket across the table and say " sorry fella , I gotta go see about a girl . " will " I gotta go see about a girl " ? what do they say ? sean they could see that I mean it . will you be kiddin ' I . sean no will , I be not kiddin ' you . if I have go to see that game I would be in here talkin ' abouta girl I see at a bar twenty year ago . and how I always regret not goin ' over there and talkin ' to she . I do not regret the eighteen year we be marry . I do not regret givin ' up counseling for six year when she get sick . I do not regret be by she side for the last two year when thing get real bad . and I sure as Hell do not regret miss that damn game . a beat . will be impressed . will would have be nice to catch that game though . sean ( break ) well hell , I do not know pudge be gonna hit the home run . they laugh . time dissolve to : int lambeaus office -- day the office be more crowded than usual . tom and three of lambeaus colleague include the esteem alexander pekec be in the room . will sit at a work -station which project a proof of he [ will 's ] onto the chalkboard . lambeau stand beside the project image at the board argue with pekec , a foreign mathematician . the image be of a ramse graph binary tree . lambeau Alexander , I know you theory . the boy be update , he 's strategy steal ... pekec with a ramse graph on the binary tree -- lambeau -- but what he 's do , he 's attach a edge to the adjacent vertex . he can always failsafe to either side -- pekec Maker can . this be not new , Gerry ! pekec start write line beside will 's proof on the board . pekec but I can always garbage out ( write frantically ) all the way to " N " to the minus one . lambeau no , there 's a limit . pekec the limit be not find ! ( turn to will ) the limit be not find . will but I can always go to the other side . pekec there be no proof -- lambeau can no longer contain himself . lambeau Maker build " k " to the " N . " N be three to the k time -- pekec -- but -- will look , I write it down . they turn to will who place he proof on the projector . the image be cast over they face . it read : as pekec read and the realization dawns on he : will it 's just simpler this way . lambeau turn with satisfaction to a understanding pekec . lambeau Alexander , you theory be change . CUT to : int . skylar' room -- night will and skylar in she room , post coital . they be wrap in a sheet . will be absent- mindedly play the memory game simon . the pattern grow increasingly complex . after a beat : skylar why do we always stay here ? will ' Cause it 's nicer than my place . skylar I have never see you place . will exactly . skylar what about you friend ? or you brother ? when do I get to meet they ? will they do not come over here that much . skylar I think I can make it to South Boston . will aah , it 's kind of a hike . skylar be it I you be hide from they or the other way around ? will all right , all right . we will go . skylar when ? will sometime . I do not know . next week . skylar what if I say I would not sleep with you again until you let I meet you friend ? will I would say ... ( reach for phone ) it 's only four in the mornin ' , they be prob'ly up . she laugh . stop he . skylar you man be shameful . if you be not think of you wiener then you be act on its behalf . will then on behalf of my wiener , I would like to ask for a advance . CUT to : int . L STREET bar &amp ; grille -- later skylar and will sit together along with will 's gang . the boy be considerably drunk , but it make for good entertainment . everyone here be have fun include sylar . morgan will , I can not believe you bring skylar here when we be all wreck . what 's she gonna think about we ? will yeah , Morgan . it 's a real rarity that we would be out drinkin ' . billy I have be shit face for like two week . morgan oh great , tell she that ! now she really think we be problem drinker ! chuckie two week ? that 's nothin' . my uncle marty ? will know he . that guy fuckin ' drink like you have never see ! one night he be drivin ' back to he house on i- 93 -- statie pull he over . all oh shit . chuckie guy 's tryin ' to walk the line -- but he can not even fuckin ' stand up , and so my uncle 's gonna spend a night in jail . just then there 's this fuckin' boom like fifty yard down the road . some guy 's car hit a tree . morgan some other guy ? chuckie yeah , he be probably drunker than my uncle , who fuckin ' know ? so the cop go " stay here " and he go runnin ' down the highway to deal with the other crash . so , my uncle marty 's standin ' on the side of the road for a little while , and he 's so fuckin ' light , that he forget what he 's waitin ' for . so he go , " fuck it . " he get in he car and drive home . morgan Holy shit . chuckie so in the morning , there 's a knock on the door it 's the statie . so my uncle 's like , " be there a problem ? " and the statie 's like " I pull you over and you take off . " and my uncle 's like " I never see you before in my life , I be home all night with my kid . " and statie 's like " let I get in you garage ! " so he 's like " all right , fine . " he take around the garage and open the door -- and the statie 's cruiser be in my uncle 's garage . all no way ! you be kiddin ' ! chuckie no , he be so hammer that he drive the police cruiser home . fuckin ' light and everything ! morgan do you uncle get arrest ? chuckie the fuckin' trooper be so embarrassed he do not do anything . the fuckin ' guy have be drivin ' around in my uncle 's car all night lookin ' for the house . everyone be laugh . skylar speak above the din . skylar there be this irish guy , walk down the beach one day . she have everyone 's attention . will be nervous . skylar and he come across a bottle , and this genie pop out . the genie turn to the irishman and say -- " you have release I from my prison , so I will grant you three wish . " the irish guy think for a minute and say " what I really want be a pint of Guinness that never empty . " and -- poof ! a bottle appear . he slam it down , and -- lo and behold -- it fill back up again . c/u of will . hope the joke pan out . skylar well , the irish guy can not believe it . he drink it again , and again -- boom ! it fill back up . so , while the irish guy be marvel at he good fortune , the genie be get impatient , because it 's hot and he want to get on with he freedom . he say " let 's go , you have two more wish . " the irish guy slam he drink again , it fill back up , he 's still amaze . the genie can not take it anymore . he say " buddy , I be boil out here . what be you other two wish ? " ( beat ) the irish guy look at he drink , look at the genie and say ... " I guess I will have two more of this . " the gang erupt with laughter . chuckie it 's a good thing no one 's irish here . morgan I be irish . chuckie , will look at Morgan , baffle . ext . L STREET bar &amp ; grille -- later everyone be walk out , say good - bye . chuckie go over to will and skylar . chuckie I be glad you come by , change my opinion of Harvard people . skylar see ya' chuckie . I have fun . chuckie head towards will to say goodnight . will I do not know what the fuck you be doin ' . you be givin ' we a ride . chuckie what do I look like , Al cowlin ? ( seriously ) you want to take my car , drop she off ? will I be countin ' on it . morgan Chuck , let 's go . chuckie you be walkin ' bitch , will 's takin ' the car . Morgan mumble something and stagger off . billy follow with a indifferent shrug . will thanks , Chuck . chuckie do not get too slap - happy , you be takin ' I home first . will I do not know , Chuck . it 's kinda outta the way . chuckie just ' cause you do not have to sleep in the one room palace , do not start thinkin ' you be bad . skylar ( to will ) I think you say you would show I you place . will not tonight . chuckie yeah , not tonight . not any other night . he know , once you see that shit-hole he 's gettin ' drop like a bad habit . skylar I want to meet you brother ... chuckie give will a curious look . will they be all sleepin ' now . ( a beat , to chuckie ) let I get that key . CUT to : int . faculty club -- night a cocktail party be underway . Professors mingle with representative from high tech company . lambeau stand hold a drink and surround by several recruiters . apparently he 's the star of the show . recruiter # 1 what I want to know , Gerry , be when we get to meet this wonder - boy . lambeau we be still work together , the boy 's a little rough . recruiter # 2 we have get we share of eccentric geniuse at tri-tech . we know how to deal with that . recruiter # 3 I think we all do . laughter . recruiter # 1 if you be not exaggerate , Gerry -- lambeau be I exaggerate in nineteen eighty - four when I tell you I would win the field 's medal within two year ? more laughter . recruiter # 1 in that case the boy could run shipping for we , rout -- recruiter # 2 you say he do not have a diploma , but we 'll recruiter # 1 I do not need to see a driver 's license . I can think of three department right now that he could head up for we . lambeau at ease , gentleman . we be look carefully at all we option . recruiter # 3 all right , Gerry . Close to the vest . ( give he he card ) good luck with this vulture . he walk off . CUT to : int . timmy' tap -- day timmy 's tap be a local water hole , not unlike the L Street bar . Sean be at the bar , tell a joke to timmy ( 45 ) the owner of the place , and several other regular . sean so she go runnin ' up the aisle and I figure " fuck it " and I yell out " do not forget the coffee ! the man erupt in laughter . marty , one of the regular pipe up . marty bullshit ! you do not say that ! timmy and Sean exchange a look . timmy Jesus Christ , marty . it 's a joke . lambeau enter , a bit overdress in he sport coat and tie . sean Gerry ! any trouble find the place ? lambeau not at all . sean timmy this be Gerry , a old friend of mine . we go to college together . timmy good to meet you . lambeau pleasure to meet you . sean could we get a couple of sandwich ? ( beat , smile ) put it on my tab . Sean head towards a table . timmy you ever plan on payin ' you tab ? sean ( pull out lottery ticket ) I get the win number right here . timmy what 's the jackpot ? sean twelve million . timmy I do not think that will cover it . lambeau follow [ Sean ] . they sit . lambeau you be here quite a bit , then . sean I live right around the corner . lambeau you move ? sean I be here a couple year . there be a awkward moment . sean you want to talk about will ? lambeau seem like it 's go well . sean I think so . lambeau well , have you talk to he at all about he future ? sean we have not really get into it . lambeau maybe you should . my phone 's be ringing off the hook with job offer . sean Jobs do what ? lambeau cut edge mathematics . think tank . the kind of place where a mind like will 's be give free reign . sean that 's great , Gerry , that there 's interest -- but I be not sure he 's ready for that . lambeau Sean , I really do not think you understand -- sean what do not I understand ? timmy come over with the sandwich . sean thanks , timmy . lambeau Excuse I , timmy . could you help we ? we be try to settle a bet . timmy uh-oh . lambeau have you hear of jonas salk ? timmy yeah , cure polio . lambeau you have hear of Albert Einstein ? timmy smile . give he a look . lambeau how about Gerald lambeau ? ever hear of he ? timmy no . lambeau okay thank you , timmy . timmy so who win the bet ? lambeau I do . a beat . timmy leave . lambeau this be not about I . I be nothing compare to this young man . ( beat ) Sean , in 1905 there be hundred of Professors who be renowned for they study of the universe . but it be a 26 - year - old swiss patent clerk , do physics in he spare time , who change the world , Sean . can you imagine if Einstein have give that up ? or get drunk with he buddy in Vienna every night ? all of we would have lose something . and I be quite sure timmy never would have hear of he . sean be not that a little dramatic , Gerry ? lambeau no , Sean . this boy have that gift . he just have not get the direction . we can give that to he . a beat . sean he marry he cousin . lambeau who ? sean Einstein . have two marriage , both trainwreck . the guy never see he kid , one of whom , I think , end up in a asylum - possible unabomber addition -- lambeau you see , Sean ? that 's exactly not the point . no one remember that . they -- sean I do . lambeau well , you be the only one . beat . lambeau this boy can make contribution to the world . we can help he do that . sean just ... take it easy , Gerry . lambeau look , I do not know what else I can say . I be not sit at home every night , twist my mustache and hatching a plan to ruin the boy 's life . but it 's important to start early . I be do advanced mathematics at eighteen and it still take I twenty - three year to do something worthy of a field 's medal . sean maybe he do not care about that . a beat . lambeau Sean , this be important . and it 's above personal rivalry -- sean now wait a minute , Gerry -- lambeau no , no you hear I out , Sean . this young man be a true prodigy -- sean personal rivalry ? I be not get back at you . lambeau look , you take one road and I take another . that 's fine . sean be it Gerry ? ' Cause I do not think it 's fine with you . give he time to figure out what he want . lambeau that 's a wonderful theory , Sean . it work wonder for you . a beat . lambeau get up . lambeau Sean , I come here today out of courtesy . I want to keep you in the loop . as we speak the boy be in a meeting I set up for he over at tri-tech . CUT to : int . tri - tech laboratories , office -- same Three well dress tri -tech executive sit around a conference table , which be litter with promotional brochure . the executive exchange a confuse look . one of they speak . executive ( tentative ) well , will , I be not exactly sure what you mean , we have already offer you a position .. cut to reveal : chuckie sit across from the executive , hair comb down , wear he Sunday best . chuckie since this be obviously not my first time in such altercation , let I say this : chuckie rub the tip of he finger together , indicate " cash . " the executive be baffle . chuckie look , we can do this the easy way or the hard way . the executive be completely blank . chuckie at the current time I be look at a number of different field from which to disseminate which offer be most pursuant aid to my benefit . ( a beat ) what do you want ? what do I want ? what do anybody want ? leniency . executive I be not sure -- chuckie -- this circumstance be mitigate . right now . they be mitigate . chuckie put he hand up , as if get a vibe from the room . executive okay ... chuckie point to the third executive . chuckie he know what I be talk about . the third executive be baffle . chuckie a retainer . nobody in this town work without a retainer . you think you can find someone who do , you have my blessin' . but I think we all know that person be not go to represent you as well as I can . executive will , we offer start you at eighty - four thousand a year , plus benefit . chuckie retainer ... executive you want we to give you cash right now ? chuckie allegedly , what I be say be you situation will be concurrently improve if I have two hundred sheet in my pocket right now . the executive exchange look and go for they wallet . executive I do not think I ... Larry ? executive I have about seventy - three ... executive will you take a check ? chuckie come now ... what do you think I be , a juvenile ? you do not get any money on you right now . you think I be gonna take a check ? executive it 's fine , John , I can cover the rest . chuckie that 's right , you know . ( turn to # 1 ) he know . chuckie stand up and take the money . chuckie ( to exec # 1 ) you be suspect . I do not know what you reputation be , but after the shit you try to pull today , you can bet I will be look into it . any conversation you want to have with I heretofore , you can have with my attorney . gentlemen , keep you ear to the grindstone . CUT to : ext . au bon pain courtyard , harvard square -- day will and skylar sit in the open courtyard of this Harvard Square eatery . skylar be work on another o- chem lab . will sit across from she , slightly bored watch she work . will how 's it goin ' ? skylar Fine . will want I to take a look ? skylar no. will c'mon , give I a peek and we will go to the battin ' cage . skylar it 's important that I learn this . will why be it important to you ? if I inherite all that money , the only thing important to I would be workin ' on my swing . skylar clearly . will you be rich . what do you have to worry about ? skylar Rich ? I have a inheritance . it 's two hundred and fifty thousand dollar . that 's exactly what it will cost I , minus about five hundred buck , to go all the way through mo school . this be what I be do with that money . I could have do anything I want . I could have expand my wardrobe , substantially . will instead you be go to bust you ass for five year so you can be break ? skylar no , so I can be a doctor . a beat . will nod . she look down , then up . skylar all right , Mr. nosey parker . let I ask you a question ? do you have a photographic memory ? will I guess . I do not know . how do you remember you phone number ? skylar have you ever study organic chemistry ? will some , a little . skylar just for fun ? will I guess so . skylar nobody do organic chemistry for " fun . " it 's unnecessary . especially for someone like you . will like I ? skylar yeah . someone like you who divide he time , fairly evenly , between the bat cage and bar . will laugh . skylar how do you do that ? I can not ... I mean even the smartest people I know , and we do have a few at Harvard , have to study - a lot . it 's hard . ( beat ) listen , will , if you do not want to tell I -- will do you play the piano ? skylar come one will . I just want to know . will I be try to explain it to you . so you play the piano . when you look at the key , you see music , you see mozart . skylar I see " hot Cross bun , " but okay . will well all right , Beethoven . he look at a piano and see music . the fuckin ' guy be deaf when he compose the ode to Joy . they have to turn he around to take a bow because he could not hear the crowd go crazy behind he . Stone deaf . he see all of that music in he head . skylar so , do you play the piano ? will not a lick . I look at a piano and I see black and white key , three pedal and a box of wood . Beethoven , mozart , they look at it and it just make sense to they . they see a piano and they could play . I could not paint you a picture , I probably can not hit the ball out of Fenway Park and I can not play the piano - - skylar but you can do my o- chem lab in under a hour , you can -- will when it come to stuff like that I could always just play . skylar be awestruck with admiration for will , the robot-pimp . so much so that skylar have to kiss he , then push he away . skylar I can not believe it 's take I four year to meet you and I be go to California in two month , will. ( beat ) have you ever be to California ? I bet you would like it . will freeze . a beat . skylar maybe not . CUT to : int . chuckie' apartment -- day chuckie sit on he couch , watch cartoon in he boxer and a tee-shirt , eat cereal . the doorbell ring . he sit . chuckie get it , mar ! she do not . he get up . open door . it 's skylar . chuckie ( surprised ) hey . skylar hi. chuckie how you doin ' ? skylar good . a awkward beat . chuckie how would you know where to find I ? skylar ( smile ) you be the only Sullivan in the phone book . chuckie smile . skylar will and I drop you off here , remember ? chuckie oh , right . skylar this be you house , right ? chuckie nod and be about to respond when he be interrupt by a nag shriek from he mom . chuckie' mom ( o.s. ) get in here , chuckie ! chuckie ( call back ) pipe down , ma! skylar I guess so . chuckie what ? no . this be my mother 's house . I do not live with my mother . I just stop by , help out . I be good like that . skylar be this a bad time ? chuckie she will live . ( beat ) if she start yell again I might have to run in real quick and beat she with the stick again but ... skylar okay . chuckie let 's take a walk . ext . chuckie' STREET -- day chuckie , still in he boxer walk with skylar who be talk . skylar see , now this do not feel right . ( beat ) when I make the decision to come over here it feel right . I have all this rationalization ... I just do not understand why will never tell I anything , he will not let I get close to he , he tell I this weird lie -- chuckie you catch that , huh ? skylar I just want to find out what be go on ... but now that I be here it seem strange , do not it ? chuckie well , I do not have no trousers on ... she laugh . a beat . chuckie I know why you be here . will do not talk much . skylar I do not care what he family 's like or if he do not have any brother , but he do not have to lie to I . chuckie I really do not know what to say . look , I lie to woman all the time . that 's just my way . ( beat ) last week Morgan bring this girl down from roslindale . I tell they I be a cosmonaut . they believe I . but will 's not usually like that -- man on porch put some clothes on , Sullivan ! chuckie take it easy father ! she laugh . chuckie all I can say be ; I know will a long time -- and I see he with every girl he 's ever be with . but I have never see he like this before , ever with anyone , like how he be with you . skylar be that true ? chuckie yeah , it be . CUT to : int . lambeaus office -- day Tom and will be sit wait for lambeau . tom !!! ! will !!! ! lambeau enter go over a thick proof will have complete . lambeau this be correct . I see you use mclullen here -- will I do not know what it 's call . lambeau -- this can not be right . ( examine proof ) this be go to be very embarrassing . have you ever consider -- will I be pretty sure it 's right . will get up to leave . will ( turn back ) can I ask you a favor , can we do this at Sean 's from now on ? ' Cause I leave work to come here and the fuckin ' commute be killin ' I -- lambeau that 's fine , but do you ever think -- will it 's right . ( a beat , head out ) take it home with you . lambeau will , what happen at the tri-tech meeting ? will I could not go ' cause I have a date . so I send my chief negotiator . lambeau will , on you own time , you can do what you like . when I set up a meeting , with my associate , and you do not show up it reflect poorly on I . will then do not set up any more meeting . lambeau I will cancel every meeting right now . I will give you a job myself . I just want you to see what be out there . will maybe I do not want to spend my life sittin ' around and explain shit to people . lambeau the least you can do be show I a little appreciation . will ( indicate proof ) you know how fuckin ' easy this be to I ? this be a joke ! ( crumple proof ) and I be sorry you can not do this . I really be . ' Cause if you could I would not be force to watch you fumble around and fuck it up . lambeau sure , then you would have more time to sit around and get drunk . think of how many fight you could have be in by now . will turn around reveling that he 's light the proof on FIRE . will drop it on the floor . lambeau drop to he knee and put it out . he look up at will . lambeau you be right , will . I can not do that proof and you can . and when it come to this there be only twenty people in the world that can tell the difference between you and I . but I be one of they . will well , I be sorry . lambeau so be i. ( beat ) yes . that 's right , will . most day I wish I never meet you . because then I could sleep at night . I would not have to walk around with the knowledge that someone like you be out there . and I would not have to watch you throw it all away . lambeau gather he composure and calmly walk over to the wrinkle proof . he pick it up , smooth it out . CUT to : int . skylar' room -- night will and skylar lie in bed . skylar watch will sleep . she get up and go to the fridge . returning to the bed : skylar will ? be you awake ? will no . skylar come with I to California . will what ? skylar I want you to come with I . will how do you know that ? skylar I know . I just do . will yeah , but how do you know ? skylar I do not know . I just feel it . will and you be sure about that ? skylar yeah , I be sure . will ' Cause that 's a serious thing you be sayin ' . I mean , we might be in California next week and you could find out something ' about I that you do not like . and you might feel like " hey this be a big mistake . " ( get upset ) but you can not take it back , ' cause you know it 's real serious and you can not take something ' like that back . now I be in California , ' cause you ask I to come . but you do not really want I there . and I be stick in California with someone who really do not want I there and just wish they have a take - back . skylar " take-back ? " what be that ? I do not want a take - back . I want you to come to California with I . will I can not go out to California . skylar why not ? will one , because I have a job here and two because I live here -- skylar ( beat ) look , will if you be not in love with I , you can say that . will I be not sayin ' I be not in love with you . skylar then what be you afraid of ? will what do you mean " what be I afraid of ? " skylar why will not you come with I ? what be you so scared of ? will what be I scared of ? skylar well , what be not you scared of ? you live in you safe little world where nobody challenge you and you be scared shitless to do anything else -- will do not tell I about my world . you be the one that 's afraid . you just want to have you little fling with the guy from the other side of town and marry -- skylar be that what you think -- will some prick from Stanford that you parent will approve of . then you will sit around with the rest of the upper crust kid and talk about how you go slummin ' too . skylar I inherite that money when I be thirteen , when my father die . will at least you have a mother . skylar fuck you ! you think I want this ? that money 's a burden to I . every day I wake up and I wish I could give that back . I would give everything I have back to spend one more day with my father . but that 's life . and I deal with it . so do not put that shit on I . you be the one that 's afraid . will what the fuck be I afraid of ?! skylar you be afraid of I . you be afraid that I will not love you back . and guess what ? I be afraid too . but at least I have the ball to it give it a shot . at least I be honest with you . will I be not honest ? skylar what about you twelve brother ? will oh , be that what this be about ? you want to hear that I do not really have any brother ? that I be a fuckin ' orphan ? be that what you want to hear ? skylar yes , will . I do not even know that ? will no , you do not want to hear that . skylar yes , I do , will . will you do not want to hear that I get cigarettes put out on I when I be a little kid . that this be not surgery . will lift he shirt , revealing a six inch scar on he torso . will you do not want to hear that . do not tell I you want to hear that shit !! skylar yes I do . do you ever think that maybe I could help you ? that maybe that 's the point , that we be a team ? will what , you want to come in here and save I ? be that what you want to do ? do I have a sign that say " save I " on my back ? skylar I do not want to " save " you . I just want to be with you . I love you . I love you ! will , full of self - loathing , raise he hand to strike she . will do not bullshit I ! do not fuckin ' bullshit I ! skylar ( stand up to he ) you know what I want to hear ? I want to hear that you do not love I . if you tell I that , then I will leave you alone . I will not ask any question and I will not be in you life . a beat . will look skylar dead in the eye . lower he hand . will I do not love you . he walk out . CUT to : ext . skylar' dorm -- night will leave pull on he clothes . CUT to : int . national security agency , office -- day will sit across from two n.s.a . agent , oliver dytress and ROBERT tavano . this guy be smug , clean cut , gung - ho and look sharp in twin navy blue suit . will so why do you think I should work for the National Security Agency ? dytress well , you would be work on the cut edge . you would be expose to the kind of technology you could not see anywhere else because we have classified it . Super string theory , Chaos math , Advanced algorithm -- will codebreake . dytress that 's one aspect of what we do . will come on , that 's what you do . you handle more than eighty percent of the intelligence workload . you be seven time the size of the c.i.a . dytress that 's exactly right , will . so the question as I see it be not " why should you work for n.s.a . " it 's " why should not you ? " will why should not I work for the National Security Agency ? that 's a tough one . will bite he tongue , try to make this work . CUT to : int . chuckie' house -- day chuckie , billy , and will sit in the Sullivan kitchen . billy crack open a beer and chuckie read the sport page . both boy be smoking . will drink a beer , distractedly . we hear the faint music track and soft moan of a porno movie emanate from a back room . after a beat , chuckie look up . chuckie Morgan , if you be watchin ' porno in my mom 's room again I be gonna give you a fuckin ' beatin ' ! after a beat , Morgan come out of the back room , red-face . morgan ( innocently ) what 's up guy ? chuckie why do not you beat off at you house ? morgan I do not have a vcr at my house . will pay no attention to this exchange CUT to : ext . south boston pay phone -- day will be on pay phone talk to skylar . will I just want to call before you leave . ( beat ) I be takin ' all this job interview . so I will not just be a construction worker . int . skylar' dorm -- day skylar I never care about that . a awkward beat . will yeah . skylar I love you , will. ( pause ) no take - back . will say nothing . skylar will ? a beat . will take care . skylar Goodbye . will hang up . hold on he for a agonizing beat . CUT to : int . sean's office -- day lambeau be scribbling away at work . Tom be take note . will be tapping he finger , wait for he to finish . lambeau I can ... I be almost there . CUT to : int . logan airport terminal -- same skylar stand at the gate , carry - on in hand . her flight be board . she look for will over the crowd . CUT to : int . sean's office -- same will pick up a frame from Sean 's desk . it be carlton fisk baseball card . will have to smile . lambeau look up . lambeau what be you smile at ? will it 's a carlton fisk baseball card . will can see that lambeau want more . will pudge fisk . you follow baseball ? lambeau no . CUT to : int . logan airport terminal -- same the final board call be announce and the last passenger board . after a beat , skylar turn and get on the plane . CUT back to : int . sean's office -- same will , hold the card , reflect for a beat and put it down . will oh , well , it 's just somethin' Sean tell I . it 's a long story . a beat . will you all set ? lambeau I have get the first part . the rest I can do at home . will get up . lambeau will , the n.s.a. have be call I just about every hour . they be very excited about how the meeting go . lambeau be excited . will clearly be not . will yeah . CUT to : int . sean's office -- night will sit across from Sean . sean so you might be work for uncle Sam . will I do not know . sean Gerry say the meeting go well . will I guess . sean what do you think ? will what do I think ? a beat . will have obviously be stewing on this . will say I be work at n.s.a . somebody put a code on my desk , something nobody else can break . so I take a shot at it and maybe I break it . and I be real happy with myself , ' cause I do my job well . but maybe that code be the location of some rebel army in North Africa or the Middle East . once they have that location , they bomb the village where the rebel be hide and fifteen hundred people I never have a problem with get kill . ( rapid fire ) now the politician be sayin ' " send in the Marines to secure the area " ' cause they do not give a shit . it will not be they kid over there , gettin ' shot . just like it be not they when they number get call , ' cause they be pullin ' a tour in the National Guard . it will be some guy from southie takin ' shrapnel in the ass . and he come home to find that the plant he use to work at get export to the country he just get back from . and the guy who put the shrapnel in he ass get he old job , ' cause he will work for fifteen cent a day and no bathroom break . meanwhile my buddy from southie realize the only reason he be over there be so we could install a government that would sell we oil at a good price . and of course the oil company use the skirmish to scare up oil price so they could turn a quick buck . a cute , little ancillary benefit for they but it be not help my buddy at two - fifty a gallon . and naturally they be takin ' they sweet time bringin ' the oil back and maybe even take the liberty of hire a alcoholic skipper who like to drink seven and seven and play slalom with the iceberg and it be not too long ' till he hit one , spill the oil , and kill all the sea-life in the North Atlantic . so my buddy 's out of work and he can not afford to drive so he 's get to walk to the job interview which suck ' cause the shrapnel in he ass be givin ' he chronic hemorrhoid . and meanwhile he 's starvin ' ' cause every time he try to get a bite to eat the only blue- plate special they be servin ' be North Atlantic scrod with quaker State . a beat . will so what would I think ? I be holdin ' out for something ' better . I figure I will eliminate the middle man . why not just shoot my buddy , take he job and give it to he swear enemy , hike up gas price , bomb a village , club a baby seal , hit the hash pipe and join the National Guard ? Christ , I could be elect President . sean do you think you be alone ? will what ? sean do you have a soul-mate ? will define that . sean someone who challenge you in every way . who take you place , open thing up for you . a soul-mate . will yeah . Sean wait . will Shakespeare , neitzche , frost , O'Connor , chaucer , Pope , Kant -- sean they be all dead . will not to I , they be not . sean but you can not give back to they , will . will not without a heater and some serious smell salt , no ... sean that 's what I be say , will . you will never have that kind of relationship in a world where you be afraid to take the first step because all you be see be the negative thing that might happen ten mile down the road . will oh , what ? you be go to take the professor 's side on this ? sean do not give I you line of shit . will I do not want the job . sean it 's not about that job . I be not say you should work for the government . but , you could do anything you want . and there be people who work they whole life layin ' brick so they kid have a chance at the kind of opportunity you have . what do you want to do ? will I do not ask for this . sean nobody get what they ask for , will . that 's a cop-out . will why be it a cop-out ? I do not see anythin ' wrong with layin ' brick , that 's somebody 's home I be buildin' . or fixin ' somebody 's car , somebody 's gonna get to work the next day ' cause of I . there 's honor in that . sean you be right , will . any man who take a forty minute train ride so that college kid can come in in the morning and they floor will be clean and they trash can will be empty be a honorable man . a beat . will say nothing . sean and when they get drunk and puke in the sink , they do not have to see it the next morning because of you . that 's real work , will . and there be honor in that . which I be sure be why you take the job . a beat . sean I just want to know why you decide to sneak around at night , write on chalkboard and lie about it . ( beat ) ' Cause there 's no honor in that . will be silent . sean something you want to say ? Sean get up , go to the door and open it . sean why do not you come back when you have a answer for I . will what ? sean if you will not answer my question , you be waste my time . will what ? will lose it , slam the door shut . will fuck you ! Sean have finally get to will . will who the fuck be you to lecture I about life ? you fuckin ' burnout ! where 's you " soul-mate ? ! " Sean let this play out . possible " shepard " change . will Dead ! she die and you just cash in you chip . that 's a fuckin ' cop - out ! sean I be there . I play my hand . will that 's right . and you fuckin ' lose ! and some people would have the sack to lose a big hand like that and still come back and ante up again ! sean look at I . what do you want to do ? a beat . will look up . sean you and you bullshit . you get a answer for everybody . but I ask you a straight question and you can not give I a straight answer . because you do not know . Sean go to the door and open it . will walk out . CUT to : int . maggiore builder' construction site -- day will and chuckie take crowbar to a wall . this be what they do for a live . as they routinely hammer away , will become more involved in he battle with the wall . plaster and lathing fly as will vent he rage . chuckie , notice , stop work and take a step back , watch will . will be oblivious . CUT to : int . sean's office -- day lambeau and Tom be in he office . will be nowhere to be see . lambeau be on the phone . lambeau what I mean , Sean , be that I be sit in you office and the boy be not here . ( beat ) well , it 's ten past three . ( beat ) a hour and ten minute late . ( beat ) well , if he do not show up and I have to file a report say he be not here and he go back to jail , it will not be on my conscience , Sean . ( beat ) Fine . he hang up . Tom pick up a form up off the desk . tom what should I do ? lambeau the boy be here . he come in , sit down and we work together . a blank look . lambeau he come in , sit down , and we work together . tom okay . Tom understand , begin fill out the form . CUT to : ext . hanrahan' package store -- later will walk out carry a brown bag . he be filthy , have just knock off work . CUT to : ext . maggiore builder' construction site -- parking lot chuckie be sit on the hood of he cadillac , watch will across the street . chuckie be cover in grime as well . will start walk towards chuckie . as he draw closer , he heave a can of budweiser a good thirty yard , to chuckie who handle it routinely . will take a seat next to chuckie and they crack open they beer . other worker file out of the site . they drink . chuckie how 's the woman ? will go . chuckie what ? will she go to Medical school in California . chuckie sorry , brother . ( beat ) I do not know what to tell ya . you know all the girl I be with . you be with them too , except for Cheryl mcgovern which be a big mistake on you part brother ... will oh I be sure , that 's why only one of we have herpes . chuckie some show be worth the price of admission , partner . this get a small laugh from will . chuckie my fuckin ' back be killin ' I . a pass sheet metal worker overhear this . sheet metal worker that 's why you should 'a go to college . will fuck you . chuckie suck my crank . fuckin ' sheet metal pussy . ( beat ) so , when be you do with that meetin' ? will week after I be twenty - one . chuckie be they hookin ' you up with a job ? will yeah , sit in a room and do long division for the next fifty year . chuckie yah , but it 's better than this shit . at least you would make some nice bank . will yeah , be a fuckin ' lab rat . chuckie it 's a way outta here . will what do I want a way outta here for ? I want to live here the rest of my life . I want to be you next door neighbor . I want to take out kid to little league together up foley field . chuckie look , you be my best friend , so do not take this the wrong way , but in 20 year , if you be livin ' next door to I , comin ' over watchin ' the fuckin' patriot ' game and still workin ' construction , I will fuckin ' kill you . and that 's not a threat , that 's a fact . I will fuckin ' kill you . will chuckie , what be you talkin' ... chuckie listen , you get something ' that none of we have . will why be it always this ? I owe it to myself ? what if I do not want to ? chuckie fuck you . you owe it to I . tomorrow I be gonna wake up and I will be fifty and I will still be doin ' this . and that 's all right ' cause I be gonna make a run at it . but you , you be sittin ' on a win lottery ticket and you be too much of a pussy to cash it in . and that 's bullshit ' cause I would do anything to have what you get ! and so would any of this guy . it would be a fuckin ' insult to we if you be still here in twenty year . will you do not know that . chuckie let I tell you what I do know . every day I come by to pick you up , and we go out drinkin ' or whatever and we have a few laugh . but you know what the best part of my day be ? the ten second before I knock on the door ' cause I let myself think I might get there , and you would be go . I would knock on the door and you would not be there . you just leave . a beat . chuckie now , I do not know much . but I know that . CUT to : int . sean's office -- day lambeau stand across from Sean , seethe . lambeau this be a disaster ! I bring you in here to help I with this boy , not to run he out -- sean now wait a minute -- lambeau -- and confuse he -- sean -- Gerry -- lambeau and here I be for the second week in a row with my professional reputation at stake -- sean hold on ! lambeau ready to falsify document because you have give he license to walk away from this . sean I know what I be do and I know why I be here ! lambeau look Sean , I do not care if you have a rapport with the boy -- I do not care if you have a few laugh -- even at my expense ! but do not you dare undermine what I be try to do here . sean " undermine ? " lambeau he have a gift and with that gift come responsibility . and you do not understand that he 's at a fragile point -- sean he be at a fragile point . he 's get problem -- lambeau what problem do he have , Sean , that he be better off as a janitor or in jail or hang around with -- sean why do you think he do that , Gerry ? lambeau he can handle the work , he can handle the pressure and he 's obviously handle you . sean why be he hide ? why be he a janitor ? why do not he trust anybody ? because the first thing that happen to he be that he be abandon by the people who be suppose to love he the most ! lambeau oh , come on , Sean -- sean and why do he hang out with he friend ? because any one of that kid would come in here and take a bat to you head if he ask they to . it 's call loyalty ! lambeau oh , that 's nice -- sean and who do you think he 's handle ? he push people away before they have a chance to leave he . and for 20 year he 's be alone because of that . and if you try to push he into this , it 's go to be the same thing all over again . and I be not go to let that happen to he ! lambeau now do not do that . do not you do that ! do not infect he with the idea that it 's okay to quit . that it 's okay to be a failure , because it 's not okay ! if you be angry at I for be successful , for be what you could have be -- sean -- I be not angry at you -- lambeau yes you be , Sean . you resent I . and I be not go to apologize for any success that I have have . sean -- I do not have any anger at you -- lambeau yes you do . you be angry at I for do what you could have do . ask yourself if you want will to feel that way for the rest of he life , to feel like a failure . sean that 's it . that 's why I do not come to the goddamn reunion ! because I can not stand the look in you eye when you see I ! you think I be a failure ! I know who I be . I be proud of who I be . and all of you , you think I be some kind of pity case ! you with you sycophant student follow you around . and you goddamn Medal ! lambeau be that what this be about , Sean ? the field 's Medal ? do you want I to go home and get it for you ? then will you let the boy -- sean I do not want you trophy and I do not give a shit about it ! ' Cause I know you when !! you and Jack and Tom Sanders . I know you when you be homesick and pimply - face and do not know what side of the bed to piss on ! lambeau that 's right ! you be smarter than we then and you be smarter than we now ! so do not blame I for how you life turn out . it 's not my fault . sean I do not blame you ! it 's not about that ! it 's about the boy ! ' Cause he 's a good kid ! and I will not see this happen to he - will not see you make he feel like a failure too ! lambeau he will not be a failure ! sean if you push he into something , if you ride he -- lambeau you be wrong , Sean . I be where I be today because I be push . and because I learn to push myself ! sean he 's not you ! a beat . lambeau turn , something catch he eye . Sean turn to look , it's will . he be stand in the doorway . will I can come back . lambeau no , that 's fine , will . I be just leave . there be a awkward moment as lambeau get he coat and leave . will well , I be here . ( beat ) so , be that my problem ? I be afraid of be abandon ? that be easy . sean look , a lot of that stuff go back a long way . and it 's between I and he and it have nothing to do with you . will do you want to talk about it ? Sean smile . a beat . will see a file on Sean 's desk . will what 's that ? sean oh , this be you file . I have to send it back to the judge with my evaluation . will you be not go to fail I be you ? Sean smile . will so what 's it say ? sean you want to read it ? will no. ( beat ) have you have any experience with that ? sean twenty year of counseling you see a lot of -- will no , have you have any experience with that ? sean yes . will ( smile ) it sure be not good . int . will childhood apartment -- flashback from a child 's p.o.v. we see a man , partially obscure by a doorframe . the man turn toward the p.o.v . CUT back to : int . sean's office -- day sean ( after a pause ) my dad use to make we walk down to the park and collect the stick he be go to beat we with . actually the worst of the beating be between I and my brother . we would practice on each other try to find stick that would break . will he use to just put a belt , a stick and a wrench on the kitchen table and say " choose . " int . will childhood apartment -- flashback a large , calluse hand set down a wrench next to a stick . CUT back to : int . sean's office -- day sean gotta go with the belt there ... will I use to go with the wrench . sean the wrench , why ? will Cause fuck he , that 's why . a long quiet moment . will be that why I and skylar break up ? sean I do not know you have . do you want to talk about that ? ( beat ) I do not know a lot , will . but let I tell you one thing . all this history , this shit ... ( indicate file ) look here , son . will , who have be look away , loos at Sean . sean this be not you fault . will ( nonchalant ) oh , I know . sean it 's not you fault . will ( smile ) I know . sean it 's not you fault . will I know . sean it 's not you fault . will ( dead serious ) I know . sean it 's not you fault . will do not fuck with I . sean ( come around desk , sit in front of will ) it 's not you fault . will ( tear start ) I know . sean it 's not ... will ( cry hard ) I know , I know ... Sean take will in he arm and hold he like a child . will sob like a baby . after a moment , he wrap he arm around Sean and hold he , even tighter . we pull back from this image . two lonely soul be father and son together . int . red line car -- dusk will ride the Red line , above ground . he look out over the landscape . small back yard , laundry hang from wire line . chainlink fence , overgrown with weed . ext . south boston park -- day will walk through South Boston . he cut through a park . a senior citizen be spearing trach for the city . int . will apartment -- night will at home . not read . look up at the ceiling . ext . tri - tech laboratories -- day will walk up to a nondescript building , he walk through the glass door , into the lobby . CUT to : int . tri - tech laboratories , reception -- continuous will walk into the lobby . a security guard look up . security guard can I help you ? will yeah , my name be will hunting . I be here about a position . security guard one moment . the guard reach for the phone . dissolve to black . fade up to the sound of laughter . int . L STREET bar &amp ; grille -- day chuckie be again regaling will and the guy at they table . chuckie oh my God , I get the most fuck up thing I be meanin ' to tell you . morgan save it for you mother , funny guy . we hear it before . chuckie oh , Morgan . they both get up , in one another 's face . this be a play fight . " you gonna start ? " " you gonna pay my hospital bill ? " will sorry to miss this . int . L STREET -- same will come back from the bathroom . will ( to chuckie ) you and Morgan throw ? chuckie no , I have to talk he down . will why do not you yoke he ? chuckie Little Morgan 's get a lot a scrap , dude . I would rather fight a big kid , they never fight , everyone 's scared of them . you know how many people try to whip Morgan 's ass every week ? fuckin ' kid will not back down . morgan ( from across the table ) what would you say about I ? chuckie shut the fuck up . billy walk in the door and give chuckie a look . chuckie turn to will . chuckie ( to will ) hey , asshole . happy birthday . morgan you think we forget , do not you ? I know I be gettin ' my lick in . laughter as the boy converge on will . he go willingly out the door . ext . L STREET -- continuous as they come out the door , rather than beat will mercilessly , they stop . Morgan go into he own , personal rendition of " Danny Boy . " no one join in . chuckie shut up , Morgan . ( to will ) here 's you present . chuckie indicate a old chevy nova , park illegally in front of the bar . will you be kiddin ' I . chuckie yeah , I figure now that you get you big job over in Cambridge , you need some way to get over there and I know I be not gonna drive you every day ... laughter . chuckie Morgan want to get you a " T " pass . morgan no I do not ... will approach the car to take a closer look . chuckie but you be twenty - one now , so -- billy yeah , now that you can drink legally , we think the best thing to get you be a car . more laughter . will inspect the nova . will you be kiddin ' I . ( a beat ) this be the ugliest fuckin ' car I ever see in my life . laughter , a beat . will ( serious ) how the fuck do you guy do this ? chuckie I and Bill scrape together the part , work on it . Morgan be out panhandlin ' every day . morgan fuck you , I do the body work . whose fuckin ' router you think sand out all that bondo ? chuckie guy 's be up my ass for two year about a fuckin ' job . I have to let he help with the car . will so , you finally get a job Morgan ? morgan have one , now I be fuck again . will ( to chuckie ) so what do you get , a fuckin' Hyundai engine under there ? can I make it back to my house ? chuckie fuck you . I re-built the engine myself . that thing could make it to Hawaii if you want it to . chuckie give will a look . chuckie happy 21 , will . CUT to : int . sean's office -- day will sit across from Sean . sean which one do you take , will ? will over at tri-tech . one of the job Professor lambeau set I up with . I have not tell he yet , but I talk to my new boss over there and he seem like a nice guy . sean that 's what you want ? will yeah , I think so . sean good for you . congratulation . will thanks you . ( a beat ) so , that 's it ? we be do ? sean we be do . you do you time . you be a free man . a beat . will I just want you to know , Sean ... sean you be welcome , will . will I will keep in touch . sean I be gonna travel a little bit , so I do not know where I will be . will smile . sean I just ... figure it 's time I put my money back on the table , see what kind of card I get . will smile . Sean hand he a piece of paper . sean I will be check in with my machine at the college . if you ever need anything , just call . Sean smile . sean do what 's in you heart , son . you will be fine . will thanks you , Sean . they embrace . sean no . thank you . will ( be : embrace ) do this violate the patient / doctor relationship ? sean only if you grab my ass . they laugh . will see ya . sean good luck . both man smile . CUT to : int . hallway outside sean's office - moment later will come out of Sean 's office and see lambeau walk up . lambeau ( surprised ) will . will hey , how you doin ' ? lambeau you know , you be no longer require to come here . will I be just sayin ' goodbye to Sean . lambeau ( a beat ) Sam call I . from tri-tech . he say you start work for they next week . will nod . lambeau well , that 's , I think that 's terrific . congratulation . will thank you . lambeau I just want you to know ... it 's be a pleasure . will bullshit . they laugh . lambeau this job ... do it if it 's what you really want . will I appreciate that . a moment . will start to go , lambeau watch he for a beat , will turn back around . will hey , Gerry . lambeau yes . will listen , I will be nearby so , if you need some help , or you get stick again , do not be afraid to give I a call . lambeau ( have to smile ) thank you , will . I will do that . will smile , turn and walk away . int . sean's office -- day Sean be pack he office . lambeau open the door . lambeau hello , Sean . sean come in . lambeau Sean ... sean ( a beat ) I too . a moment . lambeau so I hear you be take some time . sean yeah . summer vacation . think I would travel some . maybe write a little bit . lambeau where be you go ? sean I do not know . India maybe . lambeau why there ? sean never be . lambeau nod . lambeau do you know when you will be back ? sean ( pick up a flyer from he desk ) I get this mailer the other day . class of sixty -five be have this event in six month . lambeau I get one of that too . sean you should come . I will buy you a drink . lambeau smile . lambeau Sean ... a beat . lambeau the drink at that thing be free . Sean smile . sean Hell , I know that . both man laugh . lambeau how about one now ? sean sound good . they start to walk out . sean it 's on you though , until eight o'clock tonight when I win my money . Sean pull out he lottery ticket . they start out down the hall . CUT to : int . hallway -- continuous on they back as they walk down the hall . lambeau Sean , do you have any idea what the odd be against win the lottery ? sean I do not know ... gotta be at least four to one . lambeau about thirty million to one . sean you be pretty quick with that number . how about the odd of I buy the first round ? lambeau about thirty million to one . CUT to : ext . bank of the charle river -- afternoon will sit alone , think . we hold on he for a extend beat until he get up and walk away . omitted ext . sean's apartment -- early evening begin final sequence . a wide , establish shot of Sean 's apartment complex as the sun be set . the light be on in one unit . a tighter shot reveal Sean , in he apartment , pack he belonging in cardboard box . ext . sean's apartment , STREET -- same the camera crane down from Sean 's window and onto the street , where we pan to reveal will , sit in he car and look up at Sean as he pack he thing . will 's car be pack full of clothes and book . ext . south boston STREET -- same chuckie and the boy drive down the street in the cadillac . Morgan and billy ride in the back , leave the shotgun seat open for will . ext . sean's apartment -- same will hold a envelope which he slip in Sean 's mailbox . he put the flag up and smile as he look up at Sean in he apartment who be still unaware that will be there . ext . will apartment -- same chuckie pull up in front of will 's house . he honk the horn , wait a beat , then get out and head toward the house . ext . sean's apartment -- same will drive away from Sean 's house . Sean hear the car pull out and look out the window . Sean see will 's car pull away . curious , he investigate . ext . will apartment -- same chuckie walk up will 's front step . ext . sean's apartment -- same Sean walk out to the sidewalk and look around . see the mailbox flag have be raise , he walk over to it . ext . will apartment -- same chuckie knock on will 's front door . there be no answer . he wait a beat , look in the window . a incredulous smile slowly start to form . ext . sean's apartment -- same Sean open the card will leave for he . it read : will ( in write ) Sean -- if the Professor call about that job , just tell he , " sorry , I have to go see about a girl . " ext . will apartment -- same chuckie walk back towards he car unable to contain the broad smile . he know will be go . he shrug in explanation to the guy . Morgan take will 's seat as they pull away from the curb . ext . sean's apartment -- same we pan up from the letter to Sean . a broad smile come over he . this be a look we have not see . Sean be truly happy . ext . massachusett turnpike -- sunset will be on the road , drive away . as we pull back and credit roll , the car disappear into the horizon . the end