'' good night . and , good luck by George clooney & grant heslov October 20 , 2004 int . chicago theater October 15 , 1958 . the Radio and Television News director Association annual meeting . we be in the wing of the theater . stand there alone be Edward R. murrow . he look slightly ill at ease . he light a cigarette ... he look at some note in he hand as we overhear he glow introduction by the Mc . cheer and applause as we walk with he to the podium . a long awkward pause . murrow this might just do nobody any good . at the end of this discourse a few people may accuse this reporter of foul he own comfortable nest , and you organization may be accuse of have give hospitality to heretical and even dangerous thought . cuT to : Close up of people listen . smiling . not aware that this be not to be the comfortable acceptance speech you might hear of a retire employee get he gold watch . this will become what will later be call " the box of light and wire speech '' . one of the most important broadcast journalism speech ever . it be a attack on everyone in this room ... a attack on himself . and , at this point , it have just begin . murrow ( cont 'd ) but the elaborate structure of network , advertise agency and sponser will not be shake or alter . it be my desire , if not my duty , to try to talk to you journeyman with some candor about what be happen to radio and television . if what I have to say be responsible , then I alone be responsible for the say of it . murrow we history will be what we make of it . and if there be any historian about fifty or a hundred year from now , and there should be preserve the kinescope for one week of all three network , they will there find record in black and white , or color , evidence of decadence ... escapism , and insulation from the reality of the world in which we live . we be currently wealthy , fat , comfortable and complacent . we have a build in allergy to unpleasant or disturbing information . cur mass media reflect this . but unless we get up off we fat surplus and recognize that television in the main be be use to distract , delude , amuse and insulate we , then television and that who finance it , that who look at it and that who work at it , may see a totally different picture too late . CUT to : over black we read : '' the little picture " int . newsroom we story start in a busy tv newsroom . the CBS newsroom to be exact . the year be 1953 . we be follow a young female , natalie , as she carry a tray with six cup of coffee . for the next few moment she 'il give we a tour of the newsroom , secretaries type . the ap and up wire click away . a camera crew run by . a young delivery boy , ed jone , with several can of film stop we . ( continued } continued : natalie ed okay . I will give it to Leo . .-- Charlie want I to get how many can be it ? it ... what ? oh . it 's two can . there 's some note that go with it Fred 's in with the guy , for fred. you can not go in ... natalie I will get the note to Fred and you can go ahead and give the film to Leo . natalie ed he 's in projection ... in the projection room ? yes , the projection room . okay . thanks , Natalie . thanks Ed . we now follow ed as natalie head down the corridor . Ed stop in the copier room where a mimeograph machine be roll out copy . there be also coffee in the room which be why Ed have stop in . off to one corner shirley be filing folder while joe wershba be make cople at the mimeograph . ed hey , joe. shirley . what 's go on in here ? wershba shirley ed. just make some hello , ed. nothing ... copy for the ... ed ( teasing ) jast make sure . two attractive people alone in the copy room ... wershba ed ( kid ) I mean ... I certainly will not okay , Ed , you catch we . say anything ... but do not tell anyone ... shirley ( also kid ) do not tell paley ... he 'o I wershba .. both of we , shirley the nepotism rule . ( continued ) ) '' continued : ( 2 ) ed I think Joe would get the axe ... Ed finish get he coffee . ed well , rule be make to be break . wershba shirley I think he 's right , ( to Ed ) shirley . what ’ya say we you can afford to say that . grab a drink tonight ... wershba it might be good for you to get out a little . shirley smile . ed just a couple of guy try to help . as Ed leave . shirley the day I need dating advice from you two knucklehead be the ... we hear Ed laugh down the hall . we stay on Joe and shirley who just stare at each other in silence . then the mood suddenly become more serious . shirley let I see this , I do not know ... he hand she a conceal paper . wershba it 's simply a " loyalty oath '' . there 's nothing in it about ... shirley to CBS ? wershba shirley to America ... ... you promise to be @ loyal american ? . all the reporter have it . Fred sig : who be you promise this to ? CHS ?... paley ? murrow too ... murrow sign it . murrow sign it ? ( continued ) eo continued : ( 3 ) they sit and look at each other . she read it again . wershba shirley .+- I have have it for a while , ( reading ) I think it be a joke at '' be you now or have you first but ... there 's a lot ever be a member of this of pressure ... I do not organization that appear know . on the Attorney General 's list of subversive group . '' shirley alright , let 's think about it . what be it really say ... be it a civil liberty issue ? be it censorship ? wershba I do not know . be it simply state for CBS that I be not a communist ? shirley murrow sign it ? wershba shirley and Fred ... and stanton . maybe you should talk to murrow ... shirley if you do not sign it , be you and ioa target ? wershba tf I do not sign it , they all fire I . shirley lean over , put she hand on top of he and give he a quick kiss . shirley well at least then we can tell everyone the truth ... as she exit . CUT to : int . screening room - day , 1952 we fade up . it 's fairly dark . project on the wall be footage of mcc dcartey be introduce by mr. keefe . ( continued ) continued : in the foreground ~ silhouett , be several of the reatest newsmen of they generation ... but they do not know it yet . palmer william - eddie scott - jesse zousmer - fred friendly - don hewitt - joe wershba - JOHN aaron - charlie mack - all young . they be to become know as '' murrow 's team '' and this room be the place where the standard for broadcast journalism will be found . quietly seat in the very back be murrow . as they look on we see the footage . mr . keefe well , you would sometimes think to hear the quartet that call themselves '' operation Truth '' damn Joe mccarthy and resorting to the vilest smear I have ever hear . well ? this be the answer . and if I could express it in what 's in my heart right now , I have do it in the term of the poet who ence say : " ah , ‘tis but a dainty flower I bring to you . yes , ‘tis but a violet , glisten with dew . but still in its heart there lie beauty conceal . so in we heart , we love for you lie unreveal . '' mccarthy you know , I use to -- pride myself on the idea that I be a bit tough , especially over the past eighteen or nineteen month , and we’ be kick around then bullwhipp and damned . ( tear up ) I do not think that -- TI could be touch very deeply . but tonight , frankly , my cup and my heart be so full I can not talk to you . friendly Leo , that 's enough , turn it off . zousmer wershba what poet be that ? ' tis but a dainty flower I bring to you . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) zousmer no ... hey , Don , who write that ? aaron I believe it be Roy cohn ... zousmer it 's funny . I do not think it 's all that damn ... but it be funny . friendly no , there 's nothing really . but it sure be fun to see the junior Senator wallowing . scorr there be a young man from nantucket ... friendly do you see that ... I just like it because mccarthy 's cry . scott something , something ... bucket aaron we will cut it down - Joe , we will make it short . wershba yeah , we will cut it down . the file . dust for murrow sit there head down , cigarette dangle from he lip . friendly okay file it , we might use it later ... a piece about poetry or something ... scott what rhyme with bucket ? hey Ed ... they all smile . there be a long pause . zousmer hey , do you hear the latest poll ? the most trust man in America be milton berle . murrow +++ pail . friendly okay fella ... keep look . file that Joe , you and millie cut it down to a minute .. they all start to leave . wershba ( to murrow ) I see Charles laughton in the green room ... be he on the show tonight ? ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) murrow tonight 's person to person will be a '' at Home '' piece with J. Edgar Hoover and Roy cohn ... they all laugh . murrow ( cont 'd ) vacuume , make dinner . scott wershba .- raising kid but , what 's Roy do ? as they exit , JOHN aaron approach friendly . aaron Fred , do you guy look at the Secretary Stevens stuff ? it 's great . friendly murrow we will , John . not yet . baron just watch it till the end ... he 's really good on camera ... murrow okay , John . baron all the way to the end ; it 's worth it . murrow thanks , John . aaron exit . murrow and friendly remain in the room . murrow seat , friendly stand by the door . friendly it 's pretty good stuff , Ed . murrow you ever spend any time in Detroit ? friendly we have get twenty or so of this piece file , we could use a couple ... ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) murrow there 's a story here in the Detroit free Press ... dexter , Michigan ... a kid name milo radulovich ... friendly italian ? murrow irish ... Air Force kick he out because he dad read some serbian newspaper ... they call milo a security risk . friendly be he dad a communist ? who bring the charge ? murrow I do not know ... the Air Force ... the charge be in a seal envelope , nobody see they ... friendly not even at the hearing ? murrow he be declare guilty without a trial and tell if he want to keep he job he no have to denounce he father and he sister ... so he tell them to take 4 hike . priendly his sister ? murrow let 's send jee and Charlie down there , see if he 's any good on camera ... priendly be he be bring before the committee ? murrow no. friendly so , it 's not mccarthy . murrow be not it ? ( continued ) @ 10 . continued : ( 5 ) friendly pick up the newspaper and read . friendly milo radulovich ... cuT to : int . control room a close up of a monitor ( kinescope ) of milo radulovich talk . milo yes , if I be be judge on my relative ... be my child go to be ask to denounce I ... be they gonna be judge on what they father be label ... be they go to have to explain to they friend etc. , why they father be a security risk ? I see a chain reaction that have no end to anybody . we pull out and we be in the control room watch this on screen . in the b.g. we see the darken News set . in the foreground sit murrow , friendly and frank stanton - second in charge at CBS . stanton be not pleased . stanton well , that 's new . I do not think you can call this a neutral piece . murrow priendly Frank , I think the other we try to talk to the Air side 's be represent Force , they have not go on rather well for the last record , they lawyer couple of year if ... will not unseal the envelope ... i... stanton so , you just want to forego the standar that you have stick to for fifteen year ... both side ... no commentary ... I be just make sure we identify what you be both do . ( continued ) '' will . continued : murrow friendly we all editorialize , Frank , we be give they the it 's just to what degree ... information up front and I be aware that ... Fred , ask they to explain hold on ... Fred ... themselves ... murrow Frank , I have searched my conscience and I can not for the life of I find any justification for this . I simply cannot accept that there be , on every story , two equal and logical side to a argument . if you call it editorializing , then call it that ... they will have equal time to defend themselves . stanton it be editorializing . period . you understand the position you be put we in ? friendly we be all in it together , if the Senate or ..- stanton do I this favor , Fred , and avoid any speech about how we be all in a big boat together ... please do not insult I ... I have to go back to Mr. paley and to alcoa , who sponsor you show and also happen to have military contract , and tell they they might be catch in a tough bind because of a beef you have with Joe mccarthy . murrow we be not go at mccarthy . stanton you be start the goddamn fire ... I know what this be , Ed ... murrow when Bill and i talk about this , you - and this go back to '' hear Te now 's = you , agree that corporate would have no influence on news content ... ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 2 ) stanton what I be say be - do not try to con I into think that this be good for I ... just do I that courtesy . a knock on the door and natalie , friendly 's secretary , poke she head in . natalie fom sorry Mr. stanton , Mr. murrow ... Fred , there 's a Colonel Anderson here to see you ... friendly natalie okay , Natalie , where be he 's in you office ..- he ?... sorry gentleman .. there 's two of they ... friendly maybe this guy love the transcript and be here to congratulate I ... they exit . murrow and stanton just sit there smile at one another . stanton go after Joe Kennedy ... we all pay for it . murrow I have get a great story about Hoover ... they both smile . Net happy smile , just two man acknowledge that they nve come to a crossroad that they may not survive . stanton bo you know how many '' person to person 's '' you will nave to do to make this up ?... murrgw nod . murrow Judy and she daughter liza next week ... suanton ance . you be interview and Mr. Ed back to back ... ( continued ) 13 . silence stanton ( cont ’d ) I will talk to Mr. paley ... alcoa will not pay for the ad ... we probably will not either ... but nobody will stop you . murrow how much be the ad ? stanton Three thousand . murrow I 'l split it with Fred ... stanton start to exit . murrow he just win not have Christmas present for he kid this year ... e@ he 's a jew. murrow do not tell Fred , he love Christmas . stanton stanton exit . we stay on murrow , cur to : int . fred friendly '’s office friendly , colcnel anderson and colonel jenkins be seat at the opposite side of the desk . anderson ... yes , we do ... and we read the transcript ... we nve not be allow to see the footage ... priendly oet 2 Charlie 's on 4 plane from dexter the last of the interview . be go right down to the ( continued ) continued : 14 . anderson you show air tomorrow ... how can we possibly comment on what we be be accuse of . you have not give we ... friendly Colonel , with all due respect you have be invite to participate in this piece ... not to approve this piece . we nre go with the story that say that the US Air Force try milo radulovich without one shred of evidence and find he guilty of be a security risk ... without the constitutional right to ... anderson and , you , who also have not see the evidence , be claim he 's not a security risk ... would not you guess that the people who have see the content of that envelope might know a little more about what make someone a danger to he cou ¥y .» or , do you think it should just be you that decide ?... friendly who be this '' peopie '' ?... be they elect ... appoint ... do they have a axe to grind ?... be it you , sir ... or Colonel denkin ? do you know the content of that seal envelope ?... they git there very still . venkins Mr. friendly . we h be a friend and a ally of both Mr. murrew and CBS News . the story that you be golng to run tomorrow be without merit . sco before you take the step that can not be und iourge you stand . this rous water that ( continued ) 1s . continued : ( 2 ) we watch friendly as he weigh this information . CUT to : int . editing room tight on a moniter , milo radulevich 's lawyer be talk . ( this will be the real footage . } beneath he , on the screen the subtitles read , October 20 , 1953 . lawyer yhe Air Force do not produce a single witness , we be net tell whe the accuser be . we have no + to confront they or cross examine they ... but at the conclusion of the trial , although we have meet the allegation , the aix Force make finding at the conclusion of the hearing that every single allegation be true . as a matter of fact we have have no hearing at all , we have have no day im const . in all the thirty - two year that | have be a practice attorney in Detroit , I have never witness such a farce and travesty upon justice as this thing have develop . the subtitles fade , the image stop and begin to run backwards . another subtitie come up . one minute to air . we pull back end see we be in the editing bay , friendly be hopping from one foot to the other . people be serambling . pribndly millie damnit milli unioad this a couple more second ... be thing before I crack ... Don ready for this ?... tell he I front load the t’hl tell bon ... five open for about five second ... front ded second extra ... friendly ge hall yellir off sprinting down the ( continued ) 16 . continued : friendly ouT of the way ... natalie ... natalie , tell Joe he 's gonna have to do the voice over live we @id not get time the sync it up ... watalie enter the hall run with he . friendly ~ need a booth with a live mic ... natalie Joe 's on the set ... you tell he ... I will get the booth set ... friendly enter the control room , it 's a mad house of preparation . friendly pon , it 's front load for about five second and it 's miss the voice - over for the last piece Joe can do it live so we need you to open a booth ... friendly look at the clock . frienoly T hate this ! hewltt how much ? five second ... that 's too much , okay . which piece be Joe gonna do live ?... why do not we try to synch it up with the whole show on air ...? hewitt you love it . Fred , do you time Ed 's intro ? = think we be gonna be long ..- as friendly walk into the newsroom , he shout back . friendly Long be good ... Don , remember no commercial break ... as wershba enter , friendly head to the set . hewitt right , right ... I have get to add two minute . we stay with he as we hear wershba and hewitt . wershba bon , a th yire do a commercial in the bocoth ... you want 2 control room ? to do it eewitt what commercial ? any commercial ! up a think the boot . here ... Joe , we do not have yeah , Eddie set ic ... no , no walt get that it 's too loud in what be I idiot out of ( continued ) li. continued : { 2 ) friendly arrive on the set and there sit murrow . we hear '' thirty second '' over the loudspeaker . everywhere around , there be chaos ... but , right there on the set around murrow be perfect calm . he just read he note , never lcoke up . friendly we get the film ... murrow will it be ready ? friendly yep . friendly light ed' cigarette murrow funny thing , freddy ... '' twenty second '' over the loudspeaker . murrow ( cont 'd ) every time you light a cigarette for I I know you be lie . friendly we will have it . murrow you know it occur to I that we might act get away with this one . they both smile . " ten second '' over the loudspeaker . friendly walk over by the camera , he kneel on one knee . murrow sit in silence ... for what seem like hour . the stage manager break the silence . stage manager four ... three ... two ... {continued } i8 . continued : ( 3 ) as murrow different the set ... as murrow slide up piece 2:40 murrow good evening . a few week ago there occur a few cbscure notice in the newspaper about a Lieutenant , milo radulovich , a Lieutenant in the Air Force reserve . continue to speak , we see the show from perspective . the monitor , the control room , m " S Pov murrow ( cont '' D} and , also something about Air Force regulation thirty five dash sixty two . that be a regulation which state that a man may be regardec as a security risk if he have close and continue association with communist or peop believe to have communist sympathy . Lt. radulovich be ask resign in August . he decline continue he intro , friendly on he back the murrow 's desk with a card that read , milo murrow ( cont ’d} a board be call and hear he case , at the end it be recommend that he be severe from the Air Force , although it be also state that there be no question whatsoever as to the Lieutenant 's lovaity . we propose to examine , in so far as we can , the case of Lt. radulovich ... we rer Joe wershba , cameraman 2 mack . as the footage plav in the b.g. , murrow talk to friendly . murrow General tell you two of {continued} @ continued : { 4 } murrow friendly that make a General . they be not too pleased . murrow you be gonna get audite this year . friendly not I , you . I tell they I do not want to do the place . murrow you always be yellow . friendly better than red . they look at the clock , it read seven minute after the hour . under this dissolve we hear murrow 's v.o. murrow ( V¥.G. ) e this be the sister , Margaret radulovich Fishman . she neither 3g nor explain she political dissolve to : int , '' see it now '' set on the monitor , mid-show . we cut back tig fishman I feel that my activity be that what they may or my own political and , te feel that the charge levele against I and by reason ch they be try to purge from the Army be ... you just seem to m tic trend in this country . aman be what 's the member of of ( continued ) 20 . @ continued : still on screen we cut to wershba interview radulovich , wershba I guess a lot of people must have ask you from time to time , would not it have be a lot easier fer you if you have a ... well , just sort of keep gnuiet about the whole thing ?... maybe resign and nobody would have know anything about it ... and all this trouble would not have come to you . hilo well , yes , that 's right . I could have sign a resignation ... which be title '' a resiqnation in lieu of Elimination from the service '' and this would have give I a honorable discharge . however , the honorable discharge would have stipulate that I have see discharge because the Air Force could net trust I . in other e@ word , I have be discharge as a security risk . wershba what happen to you two child ? that be , you five year old and you five month old in term of you ? melo yes . if I be be jucge on my relative ... be my child go to be ask to , wh ... cenounce I ?... be they go to be judge at they father be d... to have to explain to they friend etc . why they father be a security ris . - it , uh , .. see absolutely ... this be a chain reaction ... if if the thing be let stand the first mendation , ah ... $ send out by the board , it see i en that have no .. for anybox e cut back ( continued } 21 . @ continued : ( 2 ) murrow perhaps you will permit I the read with sentence just at the end because I would like to say rather precisely what I mean . we have tell the Air Force that we will provide facility for any cism or correction it should like to make in the case of milo radulovich . of CUT to : int . hallway css as murrow continue in v.0. , we be tight on a clock that yead twenty - eight minute after the hour . we pan off the clock and find the second in charge at CBS , frank stanton , walk down the hall towards the control room . he quietly enter . murrow ( v.0 . ) we be unable to judge the charge @ against the Lieutenant 's father or sister because nelther we , nor you , nor they , nor the lawyer , know precisely what be contain in that manila envelope . cur to : int . '' see if now 's set murrow ( cont ’d ) be it hearsay , rumor , gossip , slander , or be it hard ascertainable fact that could be back by credible witness ? we do not know . we believe the son shall not bear the iniquity of the father , even though that inequity be preve and in this case it be not ... but , we also believe that th case il rate the urgent the armed for : to a they dure - low in apting to pretect national rity and the rights of the {continued} 22 . continued : friendly , lay on the floor with another card , one minute . we see stanton stand just inside the door watch murrow . they lock eye . back on the monitor as murrow finish . murrow ( cont 'd ) at the same time , whatever happen in this whole area of the relationship between the individual and the state , we will do it ourselves , it cannot be lamea on malenkov or mao Tse - tung or even cur ally . and , it seem to we - that be , Fred friendly and for - that this be a subject hhould be argue about ssiy . good night . and , good on the monitor , as a commercial come on . we cut to t et . silence . no one move . they wait five second until Fred say ... friendly we be ont . the place explode , cheer ... slap on the back ... friendly come over to murrow , the phone ring off the hook . murrow be we in for it , Fred ? friendly pe . tedly light murrow 's cigarette . friendly think we be fine . ke they both amile . murrow look up and lock eve with stanton again . stanton exit . cuT po : int . hallway CBS the hallway outside the '' see it now '' set be empty . a acho of cheer as the door open and we watch stanton walk alone through the hallway ... down to the end ... and out the door towards William paley 's office . over black we read , '' after this they're all gonna be Rough '' int . person to person set murrow , with cigarette in hand , be talk to debbie reynold , who be in she live reom . her image be project onto a screen that murrow talk to . debbie reynold that 's probably true , Ed . you know I be fond of the name Ed ... can I call you Eddie ? murrow £ do not know if I be ... debbie reynold how bout Mr. murrow ? like you father ... or Edward , like in c. Robinson ... would not sound right to call he Eddie G. Robinson would it Mr. murrow ?... murrow not ... Ed be just there be the awkward beat of a man who be uncomfortable in he shoe and a young entertainer try to keep the conversation go - murrow ( cont ’d ) ie ... or Mrs. debbie reynold Mrs. Fisher ... Mr. murrow ... of just Debbie . although , I be still i nold though my marry name be Fisher ... murrow ( continued } 24 . continued : debbie reynold I will , yes ... thank you so mach ... murrow debbie reynold thank you ... good night . and , good lick . what ... yes ... yes . good ...night ... and good yes ... i...2. luck . good night . we go to commercial , murrow sit there . he notice don hollenbeck , the eleven o'clock anchor and also a friend , at the stage door . he wave to Don . natalie , friendly 's secretary , approach murrow . natalie Mr. murrow ... murrow do not respond , natalie ( cont 'd ) ..eume ... Mr. murrow murrow look up . natalie ( cont 'd ) Dr. stanton be wonder if you would meet he for a drink ? murrow when ? natalie now . he 's at the Pentagon bar . murrow Zoca not , what the hell 's he do the cust ... call he , Natalie . natalie a‘1l let nim know . as she exit we follow murrow to dc they walk . hollenbeck ( continued ) continued : they stand 25 . ( 2 ) murrow it pay the bill ... how be you Don ?... hollenbeck it 's day to day ... murrow well , if she see how good you look rignt now ... she have be back ... hollenbeck tell she that if you see ner ... will you ? murrow I read the o'brian piece . hollenbeck yeah pretty tough ... I be a pinko , I slant the news ... I be just wait for he to say my wife leave I too ... murrow nobody worth they salt read he . hollenbeck you read ham . murrow well , see , now I rest my case . there silently . hollenbeck do paley read he ? murrow Bill paley ' 's not go to do anything Don . hollenbeck Ed , thanks ... I come down cause I want to t murrow hollenbeck how 's the fallout ? ( continued ) 26 . continued : ( 3 ) murrow mestly good , surprisingly hollenbeck be this the start ? be you take side ? murrow it 's just a Little poke with a stick , see what happen . hollenbeck well , let I know if I can help . they start to walk out of the sound stage . murrow but you be a pinko , Don . hollenbeck see you , ed. CUT to : int . corridor outside senate caucus room - WASHINGTON DC joe wershba and he camera man charlie mack be walk down the Senate corrider . Charlie carry the camera , Joe have a armload of papers and a few can of film . as they walk towards we don surine walk into frame , he back to we , semi block we view cf Joe and Charlie . surine hey , Joe , what 's all this radwich junk you be put out . wershba Don , I do not have time to talk to you now ... I have get to get this film off to New York . surine what would you say if it tell you that murrow be on the Soviet payroll in 1934 ? this '' tatement stop beth Joe and '' e cold . wershba give we a second will ya , charl ( continued } 27 . @ continued : mack sure . I will set up outside . ( over he shoulder } Joe , you want just mccarthy or do I get Kennedy and cohn ? wershba might as well get they al Charlie exit . wershba ( cont 's D} ( to surine ) ts mecarthy go to the eisenhower dinner ? surine no idea , I do not keep the Senator 's calender for he Joe . wershba really ? the two look at each other . surine then pull out a manila envelope with the infamous kuac red stamp on the outside . he hand it to Joe who open it . wershba ( cont ' D} have not you ever see any spy film Donald ? you do not just hand I 4 classified folder . you slip inte my briefcase when I be not look . surine tts actually perfect . 1 do not know who to give this information the , paley or murrow . as you can imagine , Fred and I be not very friendly ... no pun intend . wershba no pun elocute . as Joe read . da. ts that ake that up ? cur word ... be Ed right now , memorize {continued } 28 . @ continued : ( 23 Joe continue to read . surine ( cont ’d ) soe , what ' 's another word for thesaurus ? wershba zt mast be awfully quiet at the algonquin now that you be go . surine except for harpo talk away . Joe look up from read . wershba what have you cot , donaid ? surine in short ? Ed murrow have be a communist sympathizer since the 1930' . member of the International worker , sponsor of educational trip to Moscow ... and e@. on che Soviet payroll in 1934 ... it 's all there . wershba you want to know why that 's not possible ? why you would lose this one , Donald ? because everyone in the country know that , if nothing else , Ed murrow be a loyal american ... a patriot . surine smile . then ... surine do you know thar the word gullible be not in the dictionary , joa ? wershba thoid up the folder ) can I give this to Ed ? surine L 'a like you the . I have copy ... e wershba 1 think you guy go too far . ( continued ) 29 . continued : he start to leave . surine well if it walk like a duck and talk like a duck ... it 's a terrible shame , murrow 's brother be a General in the Air Force . as wershba exit . cuT to : int . outer office of william paley murrow sit wait , he hold surine 's folder which read '' confidential '' in big red letter . time tick away . be the only man in America that can keep Ed murrow wait . the phone ring . paley 's secretary mary answer . mary yes , Mr. paley . right away . yes , sir . wo , he have not call ... yes sir , the second he call ... if you be in a meeting , shall I ...? yes , sir . of course , sir . mary ( cont 'd ) . murrow , Mr. paley will see you murrow thank you , miss Mary . murrow enter . int . paley be '' ry ' fice William paley 's office ig that of a powerful man . panele , award , citation , photo with king and president . pehind a high - tep d ith a plush leather ack on , at this moment , he 's stand to no 's hand , there be a ease between few people enjoy with Mr. paley , they have a war together . ( continued ) 30 . continued : paley hello , ed. murrow Bill . faley sit over here . he point to a arrangement of leather chair around a coffee table . they both sit . paley ( cont 'd ) how 's Janet ? you son ? murrow all well Sill , thanks . Babe ? paley not . sho 's fine . her fundraiser get rain on , 80 ... murrow that 's why I do not plan anything . paley really ? you would not know . murrow notice that paley be hold the same confidential '' folder . after a awkward beat . murrow reading fiction ? paley =f hepe . you tell I . murrow well , we know how they be gonna come at we . paley the first shot . ll go down ... th paley ( cont ' B ) check you fact . be ground ? have you ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 2 ) beat . murrow I have always have this fear of end up on the wrong side of history ... '' peace in of time '' paley ... sure , but Chamberlain lack character ... and a spine ... no one would accuse you of that . murrow it 's time Bill . show we card . paley my card . you lose , what happen ?... five guy find themselves cut of work ... I be onsible for a hell of a lot more than five goddamn reporter . let it co ... mccarthy will self - destruct , cohn , all of they . murrow you tell I that corporate not interfere with editorial - the news be to be leave ... paley rite you check . I have put you at country house . I have put you son through school ... and you should have tell I about this before it be so far down the road . he stop himself from take this too far . they sit the very still . too long . paley not make the mews ... we . the news . paley Bill , ang if he go too far , wrong 's enate will investigate mark as c no we will report on ( continued } 32 . continued : ( 7 ) murrow paley «but 100 % of the time he 's no what be you do ? wrong when he side 's try he in the press ... people 's civil liberty ... do he get the right to face he accuser ? Ed you be decide on this and then present it as fact .... murrow how far do you want to take this ? they sit for some time , and then ... paley ( cont 'd ) everyone of you boy be clean . you understand . no tie . if Aaron 's mother go to a group theater fund-raiser in 1932 ... he 's out . ( phe intercom buzze ) hewitt too , anyone in that room ... make no mistake , I will cut they leose . corporate will not interfere with editorial ... but torial will not jeopardize the hundred of employee of the colwabia Broadcasting system . tf you ... fhe intercom buzzea again . paley yes ? mary Mr. paley , Senator symington be on the phone ... the two stare at each other . paley cress to he phone . paley and , we be not advertising it . paley pick murrow 4 murrow ox aht other and then cut to : 33. int . CBS corridor ~ continuous we see murrow walk down the corridor , we hear friendly in v.o . friendly ( ¥.0.} listen ... let make it T just need to know for yood of the piece ... lf any of you have any connection at all ... read a communist newsletter ... travel to St. petersb you mother dating a scx 1922 ... 2 do not care , 1 just need to know . cur to : int . screening room murrow and all nis team be in there but we keep the camera on palmer william . RER scor tr let 's leave my the out I do have a fling with a of this ... fascist once fri zousmer fellas , help be that musta 's be fun . really . william scott I think I should excuse not after the war ... they myself , ed. be a little down . william ed. 7 think should excuse myself . zousmer what be it palmer ? why ? carist , okay t! really palmer ? william at want wershba ( continufd } continued : they all 5s 34 . willtam my ex be ... I would not say she be @ CO st , but she certainly attend meeting . it be before we be marry ... it never really up until after we be ced ... it do not matter then ... we be all on the same side ... I be not tell you you do not know ... the for it be somebody will find ... they ! il hurt we with it ... y should have tell you socner ..- I be sorry , Ed ... Fred ... it there in silence . william go to leave . william 's wershba st : murrow sit down , palmer . its . silence . murrow ( cont 'd ) tf none of we ever read a book that be '' dangerous '' , have a friend who '' different " , or join a organization that advoc 3 " cha , we would all the kind people Joe mcca v want ... we be gonna go with the story because the terr be right here in this room , and . wershba Mr. murrow , it 's heen to have know you and with you . privilege xked fer phe place erupt with jjaughter . friendly what do you mean '' have y wershba @ privileg to knaw 8 murrow d like the . e’ad like : ( continued ) 3 . continued : ( 2 ) more laughter . friendly ox , fella , that 's it . footage we have bank . jesse , you and Joe and through the huac hearin and palmer see what else have ... any speech he give , or interview ... he own word , boy , that 's what we need ... ao the dialogue fade reporter we hear m and then as we - ch the face of the start ... mccarthy the issue between repul iV.o.} ican and Democrats be clearly dz it have be deliberately draw to that who have be in charge of twenty year of treason . we pan around the room look at boy . e iccarthy now the hard fact be , 7 wear the label '' democ with the stain of he betrayal . 2 face of murrow 's wear it CUT to : int . editing room tight on a monitor , we now see m thy on screen . any man who have be g the honor of be promote General and who say , " I will tect another General who pr ts communist '' , be not fit to wear that uniform , General ... we pull back to mack and joe wers the plece . '' mer william , charlie notation , editing e@ eddie sco tt '' watch , ts be in @ ( continued ) 36 . continued : wershba .. we could not put a camera in there ... we have nothing . mack wershba literally , nothing . he mccarthy be publicly go after a decorate humiliate the command General ... Battle of the General at Camp kilmer ... buige ... and we do not have it . normandy ... -- nothing wershba ( ° liow the junior {to hewitt ) use the pan down of the shington mural . Don , it 's perfect ... sa , mccarthy cet up to speak at a Washington 's birthday celebration ... and can y it ... he pull out the transeript from the gwi hearing and he re-enact 2 everybody ... verbatim ... ito hewitt} use the part there where he cackle , it 's great . believe damn _glose for mack and , this time fella , hell out of it . shet the back on mccarthy . mccarthy td ) and , wait till you hear bleed heart scream ant about we method of t drag the truth from though or should know who have '' fifth amendment commun but they say , '' oh , it 's uncover they but do not rough deing it , Mecca . CUT to : 37 . int . editing room two millie lerner rush up the jesse zousmer with two cannister of film . over this we secretary steven . secretary I shall never accede to of Army versonnel , under any circumstance , include committee hearing . I shall not ede to they be brow beat or humiliate . steven . we go to the moviola to see secret . secretary vens ( cont 'd ) in light of that assurance , although I do not proposs the ation of the hearing , IL accede to it . cur to ; int . writer room ceme in and out , there be a lot of activity , people . this be all in footage be watch , work be dune . silhouette . project on the wall we see mccarty go after a writer , reed harr . a official in arge of State Department broadcast to foreign country . mccarthy > you expell fr harris I be suspend from clar April ist , 1932 . I be reinstate , and I resign the university . mccarthy uh. do a ies Union pre ( continued ) conting . ds harris I have many offer of attorney and ene of that be from the american Civil lib - - the question be : liberty Union supply you with a attorney ? '' harris they do supply a attorn mccarthy fhe answer be yes ? harris the answer be yes . mccarthy uh , you know the Civil liberty Union have be list as '' front for and do work of the communist Party . harris Mr. Chairman , this be 1s mccarthy yeah , I know this be in you know that they sil t \isted as a front for , and do the work of the Communist Party ? harris = de not know that they fiave be list . so , sir , no F de not . mccarthy ( overlap ) you do not , you do not know they have be list ? 38 . ( continued ) continued : I like where he say , '' skillfully '' neck . '' 39 . 62 ) mccartry cont 's DB ) uh , I be go to ask you agai n , at the time you write this book , do you feel that professor should be give the at to teach sophomore that marriage , uh , let I quote , '' ... should be cast cut of we civilization as antiquated and stupid religious phenoma -- phenomenon . '' be that you feel at the time ? barris my fe no be that professor should have the right to ¢xpress they consider opinion on any subject , whatever they be , sir . mccarthy wait , T be go to ask you this question again . harris that include that quote they shovid have the right . teach anything that come to they mindg ac be a proper thing to teach . mccarthy i'm go , I be go to # answer this . I be go ts he answer . e he nake well , I , I ' il answer yes . but , but you , you put a implication on and you featu this icular point out of a book whi course be quite out of do not . give a proper ... impression of a the american p honest book , bad as i you be quote frow and he team . sccotr friendly 5 ent Kennedy out cen the piece ..- cow much of cohn ter this guy do we ( continued } continued : ( 3 ) scott he 's great . he talk about he book ... it 's ... funny ... put he own bock down ... say the sa be so '' abysmal '' ... just great . william I want to read the book now ... friendly yeah , maybe get somebody to read he book , it would be best if the guy be not actually a commie ... what ? do not E think what ?... yeah stick with Joe . 40 . wershba : cohn as much as it wasn focart zousmer anyway , it will not be cough to show Roy 4s wershba we should just stick '' junior Senator , you think . Fred ?... think ... we ck with mccarthy ? murrow alright leo.. it off . phe projector be turn off and the i : priendly it 's pretty good , Ed ... this one hold he own ... wershba I have get mundt at the end of the reel ... Howard ... Fred ... just know that there 's good stuff at the end of the reel . friendly okay hang on ... hang on guy ...okay ... this reom involved ... T mean it . the guy be start to - that 's enor '' turn £ come up . scorr adlai evenson ... that 's we ace in the hole ... mack ore on the reel ... have 's mundt ... mack you to put it up a if you want Ed to wershba Mary to file it ... ah yeah . ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 4 ) wershba bd , iff you just watch the t'lil get a kinescope c it 's ... i : might be just we be look for . reali friendly okay , Joe , we will look at as the man rush to get this on murrow be we gonna make it ? natalie poke she head in . friendly we lose a projector ... we will make it . natalte I be sorry Mr. friendly . murrow , Mr. paley 's on line . fr go to maybe he for the murrow pick up the phone . murrow you would like that . friendly murrow I would like that . phone ) aley there 's a knickerboc tonight ... I have get seat ... be you intere murrow ( smile ) I be a litcle busy bri the Network ton thar toni knickerbocker ( continued } 42 . continued : ( 5 ) paley ( V - 0 . ) Front row . murrow it an tempting . beat . murrow ( cont ’d ) we be cover Bill . paley ( v.0 . ) alright . beat . paley ( cont 'd ) I be with you tonight , Ed ... and I will be with you in the morning as well . murrow thanks Bill . we stay on murrow walk out of the room as he put on he jacket . cuT to : int . joe & shirley wershba nos NY apt . ~ morning we start on shirley as she brushes she hair in the vanity mirror , Joe dress behind she . as Joe tell the story we stay on the worried face of shirley . wershba my argument be that if you just show the image of mccarthy then jt will not make any difference . if you agree with he you will hate the piece , and if you do not you will love it . shirley maybe they should wait till they get more footage ... wershba ft do not think we can take the chance . we have to hit mccarthy before he come after Ed . ( continued } 43 . continued : shtrley they have not go after the alsop or herb block ... wershba the alsop and herb block do not work for the Institute of International Education in 1934 . a pause . as shirley take off she wedding ring and put it on a chain around she neck . shirley then I quea it 's time . she turn and look at he to help he tie he tie . wershba ( smile ) worried ? shirley I do not think I be . £ do not know why ... I be in the office on Friday ... I answer the phone and it be Howard call from London . he ask I what be go on with mccarthy , and before I answer he I turn and look over my shoulder to see who be listen . she finish with he tie and give he a kiss . wershba and who be listen ? shirley Chairman mao ... they both smile . wershba I will gee you at work . he start to leave . shirley hey ... you ring . Joe stop and take it off . ( continued ) continued : they smile we stay on herself in 44 . ( 2 ) shirley name I another wife that remind she husband to take off he wedding ring before he go to the office , wershba ava gardner . as he exit . shirley as she sit back down and look at the mirror . int . control room the show be already underway , you could cut the tension with a knife . murrow continue he pre-record introduction on the monitor . the phone murrow ( v.0 . ) because a report on Senator mccarthy be by definition controversial , we want to say exactly what we mean to say and request you permission to read from a script whatever remark murrow and friendly may make . cur to : murrow ( cont ’d ) if the Senator feel that we have do violence to he word or picture and desire so to speak to answer himself , a opportunity will be afforded he on this program . we work thesis tonight be this quotation : '' if this fight against communism have make a fight between America 's two great political party , the american people know that one of this party will be destroy ... hewitt ready two . ring , he anewer . ( continued ) 45 , continued : hewitt ( cont ’d ) no , this be not the eleven o'clock news try forty - four -- Operator , I tell you every week to shut off this phone . now please , no call ' till eleven . murrow ( cont 'd ) and the Republic can not endure very long as a one party system . '' ... we applaud that statement and we think Senator mccarthy ought to . he say it seventeen month ago in milwaukee . hewitt take two ... roll film we now see mccarthy on camera . mccarthy the american people realize that this cannot be a fight between America 's two great political of party . if this fight against @ communism be make a fight against America 's two great political party the american people know that one of this party will be destroy and the Republic can not endure very long as a one party system . CUT to : int . paley 's office paley sit watch by himself . murrow on one thing the Senator have be consistent . often operate as a one man committee , he have travel far , interview many , terrorize some , accuse civilian and military leader of the past administration of a great conspiracy to turn over the country to communism . cur to : 46 . int . '' see it now " set murrow be seat in he chair . on the monitor be mccarthy . mccarthy well , may I say that I be extremely shocked when I hear that Secretary Stevens tell two Army officer that they have to take part in the cover up of that who promote and coddle communist . as I read this statement I think of that quotation , '' on what meat doth this we caesar feed ? '' int . stage 44 don hollenbeck sit at the news desk watch a monitor with great pride . on the monitor be more footage of the reed harris hearing . senator mcclellan do you think this book that you write then do considerable harm ? it 's publication might have a adverse effect on the public by a expression of the view contain in it ? harris the sale of that book be so abysmally small , it be so unsuccessful , that the question of it 's influence , uh really , you can go back to the publisher , you will see it be one of the most unsuccessful book ever put out . he 's still sorry about it , just as I be . senator mcclellan well , I think that 's a compliment to american intelligence . int . joe & shirley wershba 's NY apt . shirley watch on the tv ( continued ) 47 . continued : murrow the reed Harris hearing demonstrate one of the Senator 's technique . twice he say , '' the american Civil liberty Union be list as a subversive front . '' the Attorney General 's list do not and never have list the aclu as subversive , nor do the FBI , or any other federal government agency . and , the aclu hold in it 's file , letter of commendation from President Truman , President eisenhower and General macarthur . the rest of murrow 's speech will be intercut with close - up of all we player . sitting silently at home , in the control room , the newsroom , paley 's office , at home with shirley wershba . murrow ( cont ’d ) earlier , the Senator ask , '' upon what meat do this we caesar feed ? '' have he look three line earlier in Shakespeare 's '' caesar '' he would have find this line which be not altogether inappropriate : '' the fault , dear brutus , be not in we star but in ourselves . '' no one familiar with the history of this country can deny that congressional committee be useful . it be necessary to investigate before legislate , but the line between investigate and persecute be a very fine one ; and the junior Senator fron Wisconsin have step over it repeatedly . we must not confuse dissent with disloyalty . we must remember always that accusation be not proof and that conviction depend upon evidence and due process of law . we will not be drive by fear into a age of unreason , if we dig deep in we history and we doctrine , and remember that we be not descend from fearful man , not from man who fear to write , to speak , to associate and to defend the cause that be for the moment unpopular . ( more ) ( continued ) 48 . continued : ( 2 ) murrow ( cont 'd ) we proclaim ourselves as indeed we be , the defender of freedom wherever it continue to exist in the world ; but we cannot defend freedom abroad by desert it at home . the action of the junior Senator from Wisconsin have cause alarm and dismay amongst we ally abroad and give considerable comfort to we enemy . and , whose fault be that ? not really he . he do not create this situation of fear , he merely exploit it , and rather successfully . cassius be right . '' the fault dear brutus be not in we star but in ourselves . '' good night . and good luck . cur to : int . '' see it now " set murrow look to friendly who be lie at murrow 's foot . they look to the control room ... hewitt shrug he shoulder . murrow nothing ? friendly Natalie , call down and ask the switchboard if something 's wrong . murrow maybe nobody watch . they sit in silence . murrow slump back in he chair exhaust , he watch don hollenbeck on the eleven o'clock news come up on the monitor . hollenbeck I do not know whether all of you have see what I just see , but I want to associate myself and this program with what Ed murrow have just say , and say I have never be prouder of CBS . still the phone be silent . murrow and company still slump in they seat . a page poke he head into Studio 41 . ( continued ) 49 . continued : CBS page do you still want the call hold back , Mr. hewitt ? the staff break out in relieved laughter . friendly murrow open ‘em up . it 's the junior Senator call collect . the phone start a chorus of ring all through the studio . friendly and murrow look at each other . friendly do not kid yourself , it 's reed Harris thanking we for put he on the best - seller list . they both light cigarettes and sit there bask in the glorious sound of phone ringing . murrow you feel like a scotch ? friendly I think everybody could use one . cur to : int . paley' office paley sit behind he desk lean back in he chair . his head rest on the back of the chair . the phone ring . and keep ringing . paley make no move to answer it . we fade to black as the sound of the phone keep ringing . int . pentagon bar - night it 's late night and we player be split up in different booth wait for the morning edition to come in ... in we first booth friendly , murrow and hollenbeck be seat and shirley be stand with Joe . hollenbeck be tell a story . murrow hey Fred ... what time be it ? ( continued ) 50 . continued : friendly 3:30 , early edition be out now . murrow I be not worried about that . friendly no . of course not ... ( he look to shirley ) hey shirl ... honey , run across the street and pick up the early edition . shirley all of they ? friendly murrow all of they . just get o'brien . shirley murrow ok , watch my drink . that 's like get tyrone power to watch you girl . wershba friendly I will go with you shirley ... or Jackie gleason to watch you sandwich .. they watch Joe and shirley exit the bar . murrow ( offer Don a smoke ) I be go to have to fire Joe so that two can date ... hollenbeck owave off the cigarette ) I quit . murrow ( smile ) ) good time to quit . curt to Aaron , Scott and Zousmer be huddle in another booth . scott > yeah , but what could you de ? aaron well , first we want to see if we have job tomorrow . . ( continued ) 51 . continued : ( 2 ) aaron zousmer , .--- and if we still have a what 's he gonna say ? job today then tail gunner Joe get to return fire . scotr aaron he 's gonna say we be a we use he own word ... pinko organization with a it 's ... well we do have a leftist agenda ... leftist agenda ... zousmer ( a little too loud ) I be a pinko .. silence ... the room get a little too quiet scorr a little too loud there buddy ... zousmer it get awfully quiet there do not it ? cur to eo we be back with Fred and Ed friendly we have get Annie Lee moss ... we can have that together by next week if need be .. murrow be that a whole show ? friendly it 's close ... listen Ed , there 's not go to be a shortage of material on he , what we have to do now be keep up the pressure till he rebuttal ... and then move to Calcutta ... they smile a long beat murrow Radio ... I sure do miss radio . friendly you have get a face for radioc .. @ mason that 's what my wife keep tell I . ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 3 } Joe and shirley come back in with several papers stack in they arm . shirley alright , here we go ... the Times ... scott who write it ? shirley wershba Jack gould . gould . shirley '' Edward R. murrow 's television program on Senator Joseph R. mccarthy be a exciting and provocative examination of the man and he method . it be crusade journalism of high responsibility and courage . for tv so often plague by timidity and hesitation , the program be a milestone that reflect e@ enlighten citizenship '' . they all cheer . friendly he do not like it . murrow yeah , what 's this guy 's beef ? shirley hold on ... '' the program be no less a indictment of that who wish the problem pose by the senator 's tactic and theatrics would just go away and leave they alone . that be Mr. murrow 's and television 's triumph , and a very great one '' . they all cheer . murrow fritz , send the New York Times a bottle of scotch . — priendly be I already do ... how do you think we get that review ? ( continued ) 53 . continued : ( 4 ) zousmer what about the Post ? wershba it 's pretty good . friendly what about o’brian ? shirley the same . they all laugh . hollenbeck shirley , what have o'brian say ? shirley I do not have it ... Joe , what about you ? wershba it 's somewhere here ... he look through the papers until he find it , and hand it to shirley . shirley hang on ... ok , Jack o'brian ... shirley read from the paper . shirley '' we can not say we be surprised at Edward R. murrow 's ' hate mccarthy 's telecast last evening . when he explosively one sided propaganda edit with deviously clever selectivity from mccarthy 's March against communism be finish last evening , by equally machiavellian coincidence the follow telecast feature murrow 's " pm '' protege hollenbeck . in a obviously gloat mood , hollenbeck hope viewer have witness he patron triumph from and for the leave . '' the room be get quieter , the mood much less jubilant . everyone be aware of the hollenbeck attack . {continued ) 54 . continued : ( 5 ) shirley wershba »-- and so on and so on ... I guess o'brian do not like scotch ... hollenbeck it 's ok , shirley ... finish it . shirley friendly that 's it ... it 's just ... shirley , read the Post ... hollenbeck finish it , shirley ... shirley wershba that 's it , Don . yeah , that 's it . Don stare at she until she give in . shirley ah ... ok , it say '' the Columbia Broadcasting system have be in a lengthy '' clean house of lefty '' mood . the worst offender on lesser level have be quietly push out of the company ... Don hollenbeck , a graduate of the demise pinko publication '' pm '' attack conservative newspaper with sly and slant propaganda ... he then proceed through a equally tilt review of the day 's event with mccarthy dominate he word , action , attitude and camera ... it 's o'brian . scorr be that gramatically correct ? hollenbeck I will have that cigarette , Ed . cur to : over black we read , " the penalty of a outrage citizenry '' int . elevator ~ CBS ~- day we start inside a elevator as the door open on the second floor , we see Fred walk in . a couple of people congratulate he on the show . Jimmy 's on the elevator . go up . ( continued } 55 . continued : friendly hey , Jimmy ... jimmy Fred ... congratulation ... friendly jimmy thanks ... it give I a all the ad guy watch it ulcer .... on the 3rd floor ... priendly jimmy Times give we a great the switchboard light up all review ... Jack gould ... night . we be gonna put out really 15 to ll ... a press release that say the call be 15 to 1 in favor of the show ... call just the east coast , or do come in from everywhere ... you hear from ... Kansas City ... Cincinnati ... the door open on the 10th floor . we see paley get on the elevator . the atmosphere change immediately . paley 's not in as excited a mood . friendly paley . Mr. paley ... geod morning ... morning , Fred . jimmy good morning , Mr. paley . paley how 's you wife , Fred ? friendly she 's fine , sir . we be get ready to move ... paley really ? where to ? friendly riverdale . we find a nice house . paley it 's nice there . they ride in silence . we arrive at the 34th floor . the deor open . friendly Excuse I . Fred start to exit . ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 2 } paley Fred ... Fred stop and hold the elevator door . paley mccarthy want William Buckley to do he rebuttal ... I tell he no . friendly yes , sir . Fred exit and we follow he down the corridor and into the projection room . int . projection room in the darken room project on the a screen be eisenhower stand at a podium . in the foreground silhouett be murrow and scott , the usual . they will start talk midway through the speech . eisenhower in this country , if someone dislike you or accuse you , he must come up in front . he can not hide behind the shadow , he cannot assassinate you or you character from behind , without suffer the penalty of a outrage citizenry . if we be go to continue to be proud that we be Americans , there must be no weaken of the code by which we have live . by the right to meet you accuser face to face by you right to go to the church or the synagogue or even the mosque of you choice . this speech will continue on in the b.g . friendly wershba . I like the part about Wild this stuff be from Bill hickock , let 's keep November ... Ed , it work that in ... with the Annie Lee moss but the sound fall apart . Charlie pull the camera back and I could not get 4 mike in close . ( continued ) continued : friendly where do this go ... Ed ... 87 . murrow you can still hear it . +.. at the end , Eric . the film stop as Natalie pop she head in . they all look back . natalie mccarthy want April 6th ... this sit very heavy in the room . friendly thanks , Natalie . she exit . friendly ( cont ‘d ) alright . we go with the Annie Lee moss story next week . the heat on he ... do . scott he will deny the allegation and go after stevenson . friendly what allegation ? he 's not go to deny he own word on film ... we use he word . we will keep see what he wershba do they want Charlie to shoot it or be they go to do it ? wershba it would be nice if they just let Charlie shoot it . we would get to see it first . murrow we know what it 's 1ll be . they all listen . murrow ( cont 'd ) he 's gonna come after I . the only thing he can do . it 's he 's go to bet that a Senator trump a newsman . priendly he all lose . murrow maybe . don hollenbeck stick he head in . ( continued ) continued : 58 . ( 2 ) hollenbeck Ed . you get a minute ? murrow yeah , don. friendly okay , fella . Annie Lee moss . Joe , call legal let ’em know . wershba friendly this will be fun . Bill , let 's see all the the man ex room . eisenhower footage you have cut . it leave murrow & hollenbeck alone in the murrow hollenbeck sit down . I miss you the I need to ask you other night , I be sorry I something ... Ed ... be ... it 's about o'brian ... o' Brian do not matter ... he 's kill I ... he ... Ed ... o' Brian do not amount to a hell of a lot in a newsroom don. hollenbeck it 's not just he ... we have to let this guy have it , he 's ... we should expose o'brian for the -- murrow we nre not go after o'brian , Don . I will not take on mccarthy and hearst . I can not beat they both . do not read the papers ... or ... do not read o'brian anyway . beat . hollenbeck no , I guess not . there be a long pause , hollenbeck ( cont 'd ) I wake up in the morning , and I do not recognize anything . I feel like I go to sleep three year ago and somebody hijacked ... ( more } ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 3 ) hollenbeck ( cont 'd ) as if all reasonable people take a plane to Europe and leave we behind ... try to make sense out of ... insanity ... I be always a optimist ... really ... I always feel like thing would work out ... half full ... murrow I believe that ... it 's the beauty of all this ... we design it so we can fix it ... jefferson build it into the constitution ... hollenbeck I be talk about my divorce ... they smile . murrow so be I ... & sad smile hollenbeck well , I be glad the forefather understand the term '' dissolution of a Union ... '' murrow I be sure they have they share of difficulty with the opposite sex . hollenbeck I be talk about mccarthy . they smile again . murrow so be ft. a sad grin . hollenbeck okay . I think I would try . murrow sorry , don. hollenbeck start to leave , he stop and turn to murrow . hollenbeck we do not have this conversation ... okay ? ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 4 ) murrow { talk too loud into the ceiling lamp ) if it 's okay with you , senator . hollenbeck ( as he exit ) do not laugh ... I have think about it . note : this next scene will start in a recording booth as murrow record he voiceover of the annie moss footage . we may hear some of this ... we will also see friendly and stanton arguing about something . we'll shoot through doorway and back of room all the while mrs . moss will be testify .... cuT to : int . senate hearing room Annie Lee moss be be question by a Senator symington . senator symington have you ever have any information that you receive in you job that you pass on to anybody about this code ? annie lee moss no , sir . senator symington do anybody ever ask you to , for any of that information ? annie lee moss no , sir . if they have , I would have report ‘em . senator symington you would have report they ? annie lee moss I certainly would have . senator symington have anyone ever ask you to join the Communist party ? ( continued ) continued : 6l. annie lee moss no , sir . senator symington have anybody ever ask you to join any organization of any kind that you think might be against the best interest of the United States ? annie lee moss no , sir . senator symington what be you live on now ? have you get any savings ? annie lee moss no , siz . senator symington you have not ? annie lee moss no , sir . senator symington if you , uh , uh , uh , do not get work , uh , pretty soon , what be you go to do ? annie lee moss go down to welfare . senator symington go down to welfare . annie lee moss uh-huh . CUT to : we see more image of murrow preparing the show ... and hear more of murrow 's voiceover . int . senate hearing room Annie Lee moss be now be question by Roy cohn and sentator mcclellan . roy cohn t have no further question of this witness at this time . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 62 . roy cohn ( cont 'd ) I can say this , we have the testimony of miss markward , the undercover agent for the FBI , state that Annie Lee be , be a member , a due -pay member of the Communist Party , uh ... the Northeast Club of the Communist Party . we have corroboration of that testimony by another witness who be call before the committee and give they swear statement to the effect that she also know Mrs. moss as a member of the Northeast Club of the Communist Party . senator mcclellan well , Mr. Chairman , I no like to make ... we be make a statement here against a witness who have come and submit to cross - examination . now , she 's already lose she job . she 's be suspend because of this action . I be not defend she . if she 's a Communist , I want she expose . but , to make this statement as we have corroborate evidence that she be a Communist . under this circumstance , I think she 's entitle to have it produce here in she presence and let the public know about it and let she know about it . there be applause . senator mcclellan ( cont ’d ) I do not like to try people by hearsay evidence . more applause . we be now out on the STREET , looking at television in a tv repair shop . senator mcclellan ( cont 'd ) I would like to get the witness here and try ‘em -- by testimony , under eath . chairman mundt the , wh , chair will rule that the comment of Mr. cohn be stricken from the record . { continued ) 63 . continued : ( 2 ) e . senator mcclellan well , I do not ask that . I do not ask that , Mr. Chairman . we be now in the pentagon bar , as patron watch the television chairman mundt +e. executive session whether we should try to , uh , produce a witness in public because the FBI may have she undercover and we do not want to , uh - senator mcclellan you can not strike this statement make by counsel here as to evidence that we be have and withhold . you can not strike that from the press nor from the public mind once it 's plant there . that 's the , that be the , uh , the evil of it . and I do not think it 's fair to a witness , to a eo citizen of this country , to bring . ‘em up here and cross-examine ‘em . then when they get through say , '' we have get something , the FBI have get something on you that condemn you . '' it be not swear testimony , it 's convict people by rumor and hearsay and innuendo . applause . cur to : a card that read , april , 6 1954 int . '' see it now '' set this scene will be build with a lot of very tight close up of crew and reporter . everyone be very aware of they vulnerability . cameramen glance at one another . stage manager focus on the monitor . right now it 's silent as they wait for murrow to arrive . oo we pull Ed in a close up as he enter into the room and e see the film canister . ( continued ) e@ @ . continued : 64 . hewitt Ed , it 's twenty eight minute . I could clip a little off the end for you to have time to ... murrow I think we have to leave it alone , Don . he start tear out page . murrow ( cont 'd ) very smart , no time for comment ... when do it come in ? hewitt ten minute ago . we put it up , it see the first couple of minute , you be right . murrow come after I ? hewitt nod . murrow ( cont ' D ) doe , have you see the latest poll ?... the most trustworthy man in America be milton berle . wershba maybe he should do the story . murrow get he on the line , will ya ? murrow walk onto the stage . friendly 's there . against the back wall be murrow 's team . murrow Fred . friendly what say we grab a little dinner after the show ? the '' 21 Club '' ? murrow sure . ha sit notice the boy . they give little wave , murrow acknowledge they . ( continued ) continued : 65 . ( 2 ) murrow ( cont 'd ) what nre they here for ? '' the monkey and the Bell '' show be on stage three . friendly they change the title . '' goin 's ape '' murrow who 's they first guest ? the loudspeaker ~ '' thirty second to Air '' friendly after tonight , I hear it 's you . they smile . friendly ( cont ' D ) look , there 's nothing fun about this one . you have just gotta put you glove down , stick you chin out and just take it for a whole round . next week 's we round . murrow if I make it up off the mat . murrow take out a cigarette , friendly light it . loudspeaker - '' twenty second to air '' friendly you will . murrow do you see the latest poll , milton berle 's the most trust man in America ... they look at each other . friendly you already do this joke for I ... friendly L will get berle on the line . loudspeaker - '' ten second '' murrow sit there again in silence . the weight of the world sit there with he . ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 3 ) stage manager in five , four , three , two ... he point to murrow . we come up on the monitor as murrow speak directly at we . murrow one month ago tonight we present a report on Senator Joseph R. mccarthy . we label it as controversial . most of that report consist of word and picture of the Senator . at that time , we say if the Senator believe we have do violence to he word er picture , if he desire to speak , to answer himself , a opportunity would be afforded he on this program . the Senator seek the opportunity , ask for a delay of three week because he say he be very busy and he wish adequate time to prepare he reply . we agree . we place no restriction on the manner or method of the presentation of he reply and we suggest that we would not take time to comment on this program . here now be Senator Joseph R. mccarthy , junior Senator from Wisconsin . mecarthy begin . as he deliver he rebuttal we will cut to various place that it be airing . for the moment we be right on murrow as he watch . mccarthy good evening . Mr. Edward R. murrow , Educational director of the Columbia Broadcasting system , devote he program to a attack on the work of the United States Senate investigate committee and on I personally as its Chairman . now , over the past . four year , he have make repeat attack upon I and that fight communist . now , of course , neither Joe mccarthy nor Edward R . ( more ) ( continued } 67 . continued : ( 4 ) e@ mccarthy ( cont 'd ) murrow be of any great importance as individual . we be only important in we relation to the great struggle to preserve we american liberty . cur to : int . paley' office paley watch in silence . mccarthy ( cont 'd ) now ordinarily , I would not take time out of the important work at hand to answer murrow . however in this case I feel justified in do so because murrow be a symbol , the leader and the cleverest of the jackal pack which be always find at the throat of anyone who dare expose individual communist and traitor . & CUT to : int . joe & shirley wershba 's NY apt . shirley watch . mccarthy ( cont ’d ) I be compel by the fact to say to you that Mr. Edward R. murrow , as far back as twenty year ago be engage in propaganda for communist cause . for example , the Institute for International Education of which he be the acting director , be choose to act as a representative by a Soviet agency to do a job which would normally be do by the Russian secret Police . back to murrow on the set . mccarthy ( cont ' D} Mr. murrow sponsor a communist school in Moscow ... @ this speech will continue but we will hear murrow and friendly talk . ( continued ) e. 68 . continued : murrow when the politician complain that tv turn the proceedings into a circus , it should be clear that the circus be already there , and that tv have only demonstrate that not all the performer be well train . priendly we have get he , ed. murrow if he lead with he best . friendly he lead with he best . cur to : int . paley' office mccarthy ( cont 'd ) now , Mr. murrow , by he own admission , be a member of the iww , that 's the industrial worker of the World , a terrorist organization cite by a Attorney General of the United States ... cur to : int . hallway CBS it 's empty . mccarthy 's voice echoing . mccarthy now , Mr. murrow say on this program and I quote , he say , '' the action of the junior Senator from Wisconsin have give considerable comfort to the enemy '' murrow walk into the hall follow by friendly , wershba , mack , they walk toward we as the speech continue . mccarthy ( cont ‘d ) that be the language of we statute of treason . if I be give comfort to we enemy , J ] ought not to be in the Senate . ( more } ( continued ) 69 . continued : mccarthy ( cont ’d ) if on the other hand , Mr. murrow be give comfort to the enemy , he ought not to be bring into the home of Americans by the Columbia Broadcasting system . as they exit we stay on the empty hallway . we fade to black as mccarthy drone on . we will put a commercial in this spot ... dishwashing liquid or something we find in the archive ... int . '' see it now '' set we be on the set of '' see it now '' as murrow address we directly . murrow last week , Senator mccarthy appear on this program to correct any error he might have think we make in we report of March 9th . since he make no veference to any statement of fact that we make , we must conclude that he find no error of fact . he prove again that anyone who expose he , anyone who dee not share he hysterical disregard to decency and human dignity and the rights guarantee by the constitution must be either a Communist or a fellow traveler . I fully expect this treatment . the Senator add this reporter 's name to a long list of individual and institution he have accuse of serve the communist cause , his proposition be very simple : anyone who criticize or oppose mccarthy 's method must be a Communist . and if that be true , there be a awful lot of Communists in this country . for the record , let 's consider briefly some of the Senator 's charge . he claim but offer no proof that I have be a member of the industrial worker of the World . that be false . ( more ) ( continued ) 70 . continued : murrow ( cont 'd ) I be never a member of the iww , never apply for membership . CUT to : int . control booth we cut to the control booth , hewitt and company watch on as the broadcast continue . hewitt ready two ... hold it ...hold ... take two ... tell ‘em ed. murrow ( cont ’d ) the Senator charge that Professor harold laski , a british scholar and politician dedicated a book to I . that 's true . he be dead . he be a Socialist , I be not . he be one of that civilized individual who do not insist upon agreement with he political principle as a pre-condition for conversation or friendship . I do not agree with he political idea . laski , as he make . clear in the introduction , dedicated the book to I not because of political agreement but because he hold my wartime broadcast from London in high regard ; and the dedication so read . hewitt ready on one ... closer , Charlie ... take one ... cuut to : int . '' see it now '' set again murrow address we directly . murrow ( cont 'd ) I believe twenty year ago and I believe today that mature Americans can engage in conversation and controversy , the clash of idea , with Communists anywhere in the world without become contaminate or convert . more ' ) ( continued ) 7i. continued : murrow ( cont ' D ) I believe that we faith , we conviction , we determination be stronger than theirs and that we can compete and successfully , not only in the area of bomb but in the area of idea . CUT to : int . paley' office as paley watch on a television . int . '' see murrow ( cont 'd ) I have work for CBS for more than nineteen year . the company have subscribe fully to my integrity and responsibility as a broadcaster and as a loyal american . I require no lecture from the junior Senator from Wisconsin as to the danger or terror of communism - have watch the aggressive force at work in western Europe . CUT to : it now 's set murrow ( cont 'd ) have have friend in Eastern Europe butcher and drive in exile , have broadcast from London in 1943 that the Russians be responsible for the katyn massacre - have tell the story of the Russian refusal to allow ally aircraft to land on Russian field after drop supplies to that who rise in Warsaw and then be betrayed by the Russians . cuT to int . GREEN room murrow 's team watch and smoke . wershba ( quietly ) go ed. ( continued ) 72 . continued : murrow and have be denounce by the Russian radio for this report . I can not feel that I require instruction from the Senator on the evil of communism cur to : int . '' see it now '' set murrow address we directly . murrow ( cont ’d ) have searched my conscience and my file , I can not contend that T have always be right or wise but , I have attempt to pursue the truth with some diligence and to report it , even though as in this case I have be warn in advance that I would be subject to the attention of Senator mccarthy . we shall hope to deal with matter of more vital interest to the country next week . good night . and good luck . we go to a commercial . as we hear it play , we see murrow stand up . he shake people 's hand , there be some pat on the back ... not victorious ... not afraid ... simply a job well do . murrow look over to friendly who light murrow 's cigarette . murrow that ought to hold he . friendly be you a gambling man ? murrow just with you career . friendly {smiles} not just mine ... he nod in the direction of wershba , Zousmer , Aaron and beck , smoking in the back of the stage . murrow wave to he boy and they wave back . ( continued ) 73 . continued : we hear the song '' how High the Moon '' under this shot - cur to int . person to person set it 's a couple of hour till air time . ella fitzgerald be rehearse '' how High the Moon . " in the background murrow be seat in he easy chair , there be a small table for he ash tray . a few people be milling about prepare for the show . murrow talk to ted church , a CBS executive . Church read from the New York Times . church " in the last analysis , the Senator be perch on the television high dive and all prepare to make a resounding splash . he jump beautifully , but neglect to check first where he be go to land . it must have be something of a shock to discover that Mr. murrow have drain the water out of the pool . '' crurch murrow Jack gould ... yeah , the Jesus . be that the Times ? Times . gould ? murrow he 's a hell of a writer , I all tell you that . you should hire he away from the Times ... friendly enter the stage and walk toward they . church well , stanton ' 's get a public opinion survey that elmo roper put together that say that 33 % of household believe mccarthy prove you be a commie ... murrow only 33 % ? ( to priendly as he approach ) hey Fred , do you hear ... radulovich get reinstate ... Ted , where 's that radulovich letter ? { continued } e 74 . continued : friendly listen , Ed ... murrow we be a hit ... up there with howdy doody . friendly hold on Ed . ella continue to sing in the background as the two man look at each other . Fred say something to murrow that we can not hear . a look of disbelief spread across murrow 's face . friendly then hand the note to confirm . this sit with two man as murrow get up and walk off of the set and into the hall . ella continue to sing which will score the rest of the scene . over this scene we will also hear the voice of Joe wershba . wershba ( v.0 . ) '' Don hollenbeck be one of the most prominent member of the CBS lefty . and , he hew to its incipient pink line without deviation . '' cur to : int . don hollenbeck’s apartment hollenbeck alone , be take towel and place they along the baseboard of he one room apartment . wershba ( v.o . ) " he be a reactionary leftist . he draw assignment which pay he lush fee , pink painting he news item and analysis always with a steady leave hand . '' cur to : int . CBS corridor we see a close up of murrow as he walk down the hallway continue he exit from person to person ... the pain on he face for all to read . ( continued ) continued : 75 . wershba ( v.0 . ) '' hollenbeck be a graduate of several suspicious training post . he be with the Office of War information when it be load with commy . '' CUT to : int . person to person set friendly just sit there re-read the note . wershba ( v.0 . } '' he do a stretch as a top editor of the commie-laden newspaper pm , whose staff be infiltrate slyly by a slew of sinister type not equalle this side of the daily worker . '' cur to : int . don hollenbeck's apartment we see hollenbeck turn up the gas on he oven but not Light it . he chair he leave the oven door open and sit back in to wait for he long need sleep . wershba ( v.0 . ) " the fact of newscaster Don hollenbeck 's suicide yesterday do not remove from the record the peculiar history of the leftist slant of news indulge consistently by the Columbia Broadcasting system . '' ella 's song end . it 's silent . cur to : int . person to person set friendly sit silently on the set . cut to : 76 . int . CBS corridor murrow stand in the hallway smoking , he back lean against the wall . cur to : int . don hollenbeck’s apartment tv light flicker a test pattern and the familiar high pitch tone of a network that have sign off for the evening . slump in he chair in the shadow , be hollenbeck . cur to : int . GREEN room Williams , Scott and mack sit silently as Joe wershba finish read aloud from a newspaper . wershba ( v.0 . ) '' hollenbeck be what most astute student of CBS 's strange and questionable new method consider ' typical of its newscaster 's '' ... beat wershba ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) «+. by Jack o'brian . they sit in silence . scott ( quietly ) what time be it ? mack nine-forty . scorr he write that ... not twelve hour after Don be dead ... beat . scott ( cont 'd ) the son of a bitch . ( continued ) 77 . continued : mack let 's see what we can find on Jack o ‘brian . they sit there . wershba and then , what be we ?... Don hollenbeck have a troubled marriage ... and he die ... he have the decency not to leave a note . more silence . wershba ( cont ’d ) ... and because of that no one will ever remember Jack o'brian . wershba lean over and turn up the sound on a tv where murrow give a last minute obituary about hollenbeck . we watch it with the boy . murrow one of the best program I ever hear be call '' CBS view the Press '' . a great many people like it , some do not , but no one ever say it be anything but honest . it be the work of a honest reporter . Don hollenbeck . he also work occasionally on '' see it now '' . he do the 11 pm News over some of this station . he have be sick lately and he die this morning . the police say it be suicide . gas. not much of a obit ... but , at least we get we fact straight ... and it be brief . and , that 's all Don hollenbeck would have ask . good night . and , good luck . over black we read : '' at long last have you no sense of decency '' int . CBS hallway wershba be run ... we be close on he face as he navigate the corner . ( continued ) 78 . continued : we can hear murrow and the boy talk in the office instead of wershba 's breathe ... he run into wershba 's office . wershba the senate 's investigate mccarthy . the news freeze the room cur to int . person to person set as murrow interview Judy garland , on the monitor the army / mccarthy hearing be on ... murrow and the crew stay fix on the hearing , as Judy drone on we listen to the famous fight between Welch and mccarthy end in the line " at long last sir have you no sense of decency " Natalie enter and pass murrow a note and start to exit . murrow Natalie ... do he say what it 's about ? natalie no , Mr. murrow . just that he want to speak to you in he office ... murrow have you no sense of decency Natalie ? cuT to int . newsroom - CBS Ted Church , head of the CBS News division , walk down through the newsroom , he spot wershba type . shirley be across the office on the phone . church Joe ... where 's shirley ? wershba look up not sure what 's go on . he point to shirley on the phone . church ( cont ’d ) shirley ? can I talk to you both ? ( continued ) 79 . continued ? wershba okay ... let 's go into the projection room . church Fine ... shirley ... how be you ? as they walk into the projection room . shirley Fine , ted. church sit down . wershba be there a problem , Ted ? church I want to ask you both a question , put I do not want you to answer it . dust consider it . I know you two be marry ... they both just sit there look straight ahead . church ( cont 'd ) everyone know ... that 's not my question ... in the next few week I have to lay a couple of people off ... we be make some significant cut across the board . I want you to know that . because if you have any intention , in the near future , of start a family , I would say to you , that you could save someone else from be fire . I be ask you to consider make this decision a little easier . I do not need a answer now . just think about it . Church stand and leave . Joe and shirley just sit there . after a few beat they start to slowly quietly laugh . there be a melancholy to this moment . Joe reach inte he pocket , pull out he wedding ring and place it on he finger , shirley do the same . wershba well , Mrs. wershba ... ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) shirley we be go to miss you around here , Joe . they stand to leave . wershba I will pack my thing . shirley I think it 's for the best . as they exit . finally . wershba everybody know . CUT to : int . paley 's waiting room friendly be seat on the couch as murrow walk in . murrow walk over and sit down next to friendly . murrow uh oh Fred smile and the two just sit in silence , then we hear .... int . paley' office paley be seat at he desk , across from he sit murrow and friendly . paley the problem be not simply that you nve lose you sponsor . with alcoa , " see it now '' still lose money . friendly the fee be fifty - thousand . and last week 's show we do for less than the fee . paley Fred , you be speak beyond you competence . . ( continued ) e , el . continued : murrow paley we will find another '' $ 64,000 question '' bring sponsor ... we can certainly in over eighty - thousand in find someone who want sponsor and cost a third CO ... of what you do . paley Ed . I have get Tuesday night programming that 's number one . people want to enjoy themselves . they do not want a civic lesson . murrow well what do you want Bill ? paley I do not want a constant stomach ache every time you do a controversial subject . murrow I be afraid that 's the price you have to be willing to pay . paley careful Ed . let 's walk carefully through this next few moment ... murrow but the content of what we nre do be more important ... than what some guy in Cincinnati ... paley ..- what you nre do Ed . not I . not Frank stanton . you . murrow " CBS News '' , '' see it now '' all belong to you . paley you would not know it . murrow ie it credit you want ? ( continued } continued : pause . silence . 82 . ( 2 ) paley I never censor a single program , I hold on to affiliate who want entertainment from we , I have fight to keep we license with the same politician that you be bring down , and I never say no to you . never . murrow I would argue that we have do well by one another . I would argue that this network be define by what the news department have accomplish . I would also argue that never say no , be not the same as '' not censor . '' paley really . well you should teach journalism ... you and Mr. friendly . paley { cont 'd} let I ask you this : why do not you correct mccarthy when he say that alger hiss have be convict of treason ? he be only convict of perjury . you correct everything else . do you not want the appearance of defend a know communist ? I would argue that everyone censor ... include you . murrow what do you want to do , Bill ? paley I be go to take you show from half a hour to a hour . but , it will not be a weekly program . and , it will not be Tuesday night . murrow when would it be ? paley Sunday afternoon . ( continued ) 83 . continued : ( 3 ) murrow how many episode ? paley five . murrow why do not you just fire I ? paley E do not think it 's what either of we want . silence . paley ( cont ’d ) you owe I five show . murrow you will not like the subject matter . murrow and friendly get up to leave . paley probably not . Fred , I ali need you for a moment . we follow murrow out to the hall where he wait for Fred . we stay on he face for a few moment and then we hear Fred approach . they walk down the executive hallway . friendly he want I to lay a few people off . murrow I be sure . priendly let 's do the first show about the downfall of television . murrow the Senate 's gonna vote to censure mecarthy tomorrow ... friendly probably . murrow what happen then ? ( continued ) '' , 84 . continued : ( 4 ) friendly he sit in the back row ... murrow right ... they keep he in the Senate ... they do not kick he out . friendly no ... he stay ... he all just lose all of he power . murrow he 's already lose all he power ... now it 's just teach he a lesson . this sit with the two old friend . they start to walk to the elevator . friendly well , we might as well go down swinging . we will do the story about the migrant farm worker ... make a couple of enemy . murrow have you see the latest poll Fred ? the most trust man in America be milton berle . friendly see , maybe you should have wear a dress . murrow Works for Hoover . friendly shhh ... he 's listen . murrow how do scotch sound ? friendly scotch be good . murrow do you know Joe and shirley be marry ? friendly sure . ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 5 ) murrow do everybody know ? friendly pretty much ... we pass a bank of monitor that start on milton berle . we pan to the next monitor and it 's howdy doody . to the next and it 's kookla Fran and Ollie . the next one be murrow give the last of he '' box of light and wire '' speech . we move in on the monitor . murrow I begin by say that we history will be what we make it . if we go on as we be , then history will take its revenge , and retribution will not limp in catch up with we . murrow ( cont 'd ) just once in a while , let we exalt the importance of idea and information . let we dream to the . extent of say that on a give e Sunday night , the time nermally occupy by Ed Sullivan be give over to a clinical survey on the state of american education , and a week or two later , the time normally use by Steve Allen be devote to a thouroughgoing study of american policy in the Middle East . would the corporate image of they respective sponsor be damage ? would the stockholder rise up in they wrath and complain ? would anything happen other than a few million people would have receive a little illumination on subject that may well determine the future of this country and therefore the future of the corporation . cur ta : int , chicago theater on back on we original set . {conttnubd ) continued : murrow ( cont 'd ) to that who say people would not look , they would not be interested , they be too complacent , indifferent and insulate , I can only reply - there be , in one reporter 's opinion , considerable evidence against that contention . but even if they be right , what have they get to lose ? because if they be right , and this instrument be good for nothing but to entertain , amuse and insulate , then the tube be flicker now and we will soon see that the whole struggle be lose . int . CBS corridor 86 . CUT to : we cut back to the monitor . as murrow finish we pan around to other monitor . watch the history of tv play out in sound bite . we see : Kennedy be shot , John John 's salute , Vietnam , man landing on the moon , Lucille Ball , archie bunker , watergate , laugh - in Carter with begin and Sadat , the hostages in Iran , sixty Minutes , Reagan 's - '' Mr. Gorbachev tear down this wall . '' , Inside edition , ( continued ) 8p. continued : the O.J. chase , Michael Jackson , victorias secret , Bill o’reilly ... , and the camera move in on a single shot of Jerry springer as people be throw chair and chant , '' Jerry ! '' murrow v.o ( cont'd this instrument can teach , it can illuminate ; yes , and it can even inspire . but it can do s0 only to the extent that human be determine to use it to that end . we freeze on the frame as we see a fist- fight break out murrow v.o ( cont 'd ) otherwise , it be merely wire and light in a box . we fade to black . murrow v.o ( cont 'd ) .-- good night . and , good luck . the end