good vibration by Colin carberry and Glenn Patterson shoot script 12 August 2011 ext . hooley family home - day caption : belfast , the fifty a beautiful order garden . the colour be fairy - tale bright . Bird song . on a window a election poster have be tape : vote hooley for a genuine alternative on the grass sit a portable record player . beside it a small pile of record . child terri 's hand pick up ' I saw the Light 's - hank Williams in he trademark rhinestone suit - and place it on the turntable a needle be set down on the vinyl . child terri smile , enrapture . a tomato burst against the window , obliterate the poster . child terri dive for cover behind a large shrub . a egg follow the tomato ; stone land in the garden along with arrow from a kid 's bow . the two boy do the throw and shoot be under ten . boy 1 wear a tatty sheriff 's hat , boy 2 have ' war paint 's on he face . boy 1 fenian Lovers . a arrow fly overhead . in the shrub child terri crouch , hold on to he head : he know he have to keep it down . boy 2 prepare to unleash a final arrow . boy 1 ( cont 'd ) commie bastard . the shrub seem to vibrate with rage . child terri pop up . child terri my da 's not a communist , he 's a socialist . his eye widen as the arrow speed towards it . Impact . int . terri 's world - night and day jumbled together the music be distort , become the soundtrack as the arrow take we on a accelerate journey into terri 's world , and through the future , private and public . mavis ( 0.s. ) do you think be he go to lose it ? there be loom face - doctor , terri 's parent mavis and GEORGE - a disorient rush of light - suggestive of eye test , but merge with other light - city light , searchlight . there be eye chart , which merge with 60 protest placard - US out of Vietnam - Ban the bomb - with magazine cover : ego , oz mavis ( cont ’d ) be he go to lose it ? the chart , placard , magazine merge with newspaper headline chart the start of the Northern irish trouble , a barrage of surreal image from the 5as to the 70 darker as the headline change : from agricultural show to sheep flee a bomb blast , from schoolkid dance at a fote to a line of monk be frisk by british soldier . mavis ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) ( grow frantic ) be he go to be blind ? image and sound reach a crescendo . GEORGE ( 0.s. ) ( consol ) he 's just go to see thing a little bit differently . int . hooley family home - night a explosion fill the tv screen . terri , now in he 20 , rub he eye . there be , throughout , a open , almost child - like quality to he expression totally at odd with some of what he do , and say . beside he sit mavis and GEORGE , a man whose bear , as much as he waistcoat and collarless shirt , mark he as out of he time . terri what a fuck nightmare . mavis mind you you language . GEORGE and they call this a revolution ? a poster be on the wall vote hooley still a genuine alternative int . darkroom - day 4 terri wear a kodak overall . sitting on a work bench , knee up , smoking a joint be he mate eric - more sixth Stone than fifth Beatle , more sticky finger than satisfaction . there be photo peg up to dry . there be also flyer ( clearly home - make ) : terri hooley , tonight at 8 ... Max Romeo 's ' War ina Babylon 's play on a portable turntable . terri sing along as he peg up another flyer . terri ' War ina Babylon , tribal war ina Babylon , let I tell you , it sipple out there ... 's eric sssh . terri what ? eric do you hear something ? the ' something 's be a alarm go off , but it barely register before terri start sing again . terri ' , .. tribal be ina Babylon ... 's ( break off ) what baffle I , Jamaica and belfast have so much in common . cop and soldier give you grief day in day out , armed gang run round murdering people for fuck all . but at least in Jamaica they have decent music . a muffle thump . terri and eric look at the door . eric nick the joint ; wave smoke away . terri open door and be face to face with a bomb disposal man , or bomb disposal blimp as he appear . bomb disposal man ( indistinctly ) get the fuck out ! eric jump down from the bench . terri carefully take the record off before leave . a second later he return , grab a handful of flyer . ext . kodak - day soldier herd other worker behind a cordon where news camera lurk . terri and eric saunter out terri so be you come down tonight ? eric you know I , I will go anywhere where there be people , ergo .... terri Jesus , everyone 's a defeatist . eric here , just to cheer you up . he pass terri a bag of grass . terri tell you the truth , I be a bit skint at the minute . eric ( brush it off ) mate rate . terri spy two women in kodak overall ; eric spy a young british soldier stand a little apart from the other terri and eric catch you later . they go off in opposite direction , terri to the woman . terri the future Mrs hooley . kodak woman 1 which one of we ? terri either of you , both he hand they a flyer . terri ( cont 'd ) come down to this tonight . kodak woman 1 in town ? have you a death wish ? she and she friend walk off giggle . terri ( after they , arm spread ) I have a life wish . he turn . marty heavy beard , heavy coat , heavy politics , approach , red-headed ned skulking in he wake . terri ( cont 'd ) marty . ned . marty I have watch where I shout that life - wish stuff . some people might take it as a challenge . terri ( nod to kodak building ) some people look like they have enough to keep they busy . marty that 's not one of ours . if it have be one of ours there would not have be a warning . he flick the cnd badge on terri 's coat . marty ( cont ’d ) I have forget about that . terri no kid . marty do it not get lonely be the last man stand ? marty glance up , see eric pass something to young british soldier , who slip he a banknote in exchange . terri see marty see it . he flourish a flyer a inch from marty 's face . terri do you foot a favour , take they out dance , like you use to . marty ball up the flyer , shove it back in terri 's face . marty see you around . he and ned move off . terri have contrive to stick flyer to they back . terri ( under he breath ) I fuck hope not . ext . belfast STREET - night desert , but for terri , walk . he stop at length before a metal cage protect the front of a bar : the Harp . 6. a security camera track he approach . terri take out he glass eye and thrust it up to the lens . a buzzer sound . int . harp bar - night the hand that hold up the eye now rifle through a box of record : shangri-las , 13th floor elevator , gladiator . a poster on the wall read terri hooley belfast 's no.1 dj . next to it a war be over poster ( ' Love John and yoko’ ) , another for the Rolling Stones gig at the Ulster Hall , 1966 a outlaw gallery : hank Williams , Bob marley , johnny Cash . terri downs a brandy , light a cigarette light , take a record from its sleeve : ' soul rebel 's by the Wailer . he place it on the turntable , close he eye and start to sing along . terri I be a rebel , soul rebel he open he eye . he be bring back to earth . the room be empty save for PAT , the Harp 's manager ( he have one of that belfast expression of permanent doubt : two plus two ? be four ? ) and a old boy at the bar do Spot the Ball . PAT shake he head slowly , approach terri . PAT ( hand terri £ 5 ) here . terri I think we say ten ? PAT ten for the whole night . that 's you finish , I be pull the plug . in fact you need not bother come back . terri why ? PAT why ? look around you . it 's finish . no one want to come out any more . terri she do . a young woman have appear out of nowhere and be dance hypnotically alone in the centre of the floor . this be RUTH . there be something handmade about she ; a style so individual it border on the eccentric . PAT hand terri another £ 5 . int . harp bar - night RUTH order a drink . a loud scratch as , mid-so , terri change tack . dion , ' bear to be with you 's . the old boy look round , confuse . terri skip down from the stage . RUTH be put change in she purse . terri be you here on you own ? RUTH I be out for a walk and hear the music . think I have come in and see if it be as lively as it sound . the old boy sneeze . terri and RUTH look at he , then at each other , then laugh . terri it be not always like this , there be night here when you have to queue just to get on the guest list . RUTH I do not mean to be cheeky , but you do not look like a man with that many friend . terri do you want to know the truth of it ? I use to have lot of friend . int . harp bar 1968 - night terri and RUTH be surround by the very friend terri be invoke : sway to music , laugh , animated . in the middle of the floor three man clink short glass : marty , less heavy ( and wear a cnd badge ) ; ned , and andy , with a Zapata moustache . terri lot of anarchist friend , and marxist friend , and socialist friend , and pacifist friend , and feminist friend , and friend who be fuck all . 10 marty , ned and andy down they drink . ned 's come back up he nose . the other laugh , pat he back . ned be furious . terri ( cont 'd ) then the first shot be fire the three short glass smash . terri ( cont 'd ) and the first bomb explode and suddenly I do not have any more marxist , or feminist , or anarchist friend . the room darken . the friend be now on oppose side of the room , marty and ned on one side side , andy on the other . there be finger- point , rancour . terri ( cont 'd ) I just have Catholic friend and Protestant friend . and I do not consider myself either . so ... int . harp bar - night 10 back to the 70 . the room be empty again save for terri and RUTH , the PAT and the old boy . RUTH so now nobody like you ? terri now I be just a bit more choosy about my friend . anyway , you be one to talk , where 's you gang ? RUTH they do not like dance as much as I do . terri reach over behind the bar for a note pad . terri have you a pen ? RUTH I be a English student , it 's compulsory . terri here , stick you name at the top . RUTH hesitates , shrug , write . terri ( cont 'd ) ( squinting at the page ) be you martian ? 11 12 13 14 RUTH stop it . it 's Ruth . r-u-t-h terri well , r-u-t-h , congratulation , you be the first name on my new guest list . ext . harp bar - night 11 RUTH push terri up against the wire grille over a shop window bear the sign close down : everything must go . terri ( up for air ) do you want to go back to my mum and dad 's ? RUTH no . do you want to go back to my mum and dad 's ? terri no . ext . belfast STREET - night 12 RUTH be practically trail terri by the hand . int . dave and marilyn 's house - night 13 a ancient species of mimeograph machine sit on a table . marilyn hyndman - a few year older than Ruth - lean against the wall , smoking , while dave hyndman circle it , wrench in he hand , try to decide which bit to hit . RUTH drag terri through , toss out perfunctory introduction RUTH Dave , Marilyn : terri . terri : Dave , Marilyn . ext . yard - night 14 the yard have room only for a bin , a bicycle , terri and RUTH . RUTH I be at a party here one night , it be all get a bit much , so I come out here and hide . 15 10 . terri where ? he follow the line of RUTH 's gaze : the bin . terri ( cont 'd ) you be not serious . he walk over , lift the lid , look inside , then turn to RUTH . terri ( cont 'd ) shall we ? Hand in hand they each put one leg over then the other , disappear as though in a variety show magic act . one hand reappear and replace the bin lid . a pause . terri ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I have get a glass eye . RUTH ( 0.s. ) so shut it . terri ( 0.s . ) remind I to tell you my John Lennon story some time . RUTH ( 0.s. ) shut it . a camera flash int . 12 jerusalem STREET - day 15 a wedding picture on the hall wall : terri and Ruth . bag and box the length of the hallway . terri and RUTH be move in . dave come in through the front door carry a large carton . terri , behind he , carry a ashtray , into which every so often as he rant he flick ash . terri I tell you another thing I hate , that word community . whenever anybody in Northern Ireland say community what they be really say be side dave ( from behind the box ) you be dead right , it 's false consciousness . 11 . terri whereas collective .... dave «+. people of all religion and none work to a common end ... terri mind you foot there , Dave . terri bend to set he ashtray on the floor . when he stand eric have appear in the front doorway , look self - conscious , as well he might under a white cowboy hat . terri do a exaggerated double take . terri ( cont 'd ) do not tell I , it 's hank Williams 's birthday ? Roy Rogers ’? desperate dan' ? eric be unable to get a word in before RUTH pass . RUTH Nice hat , Eric . eric give up . marilyn come into the hallway . she stop by a pile of box and read what 's write on the side . marilyn terri , terri , terri , terri ... ( bend to see last one ) terri . she look around , see terri . marilyn ( cont 'd ) be this all you clothes ? terri ( point to a black bag on the floor ) this be my clothes . ( point to the box ) this be my record . dave ( lift a box ) where do you want they ? terri back bedroom for now . terri stand on the doorstep and light another cigarette . eric join he . 12 . 16 ext . 12 jerusalem STREET - continuous 16 a for sale sign be now mark sold . eric listen , I come to tell you , I be clear off to London for a while . terri do not take it so hard , you be still special . Eric try to raise a smile without success . he look over he shoulder . eric I get lift the other night . the scene behind eric darken . he be not stand on the doorstep any more , but on a stool , naked and shiver , he hand cover he groin . hooded men stand around he . eric , however , continue to talk as though to terri . eric ( cont 'd ) a couple of we old anti-war pal be there . terri that fucker marty ? eric the other crowd . andy whip off he mask with one hand , to reveal a leaner , infinitely meaner - look version of he 60 self ; with the other hand he brandish a pair of sheep shear . eric ( cont 'd ) except of course they be all a bit more pro-war this day . the other hooded men hold shear too now . they advance on eric . terri wince as the shear flash and snap . one by one the hooded men step back ; andy be last to go . eric be on the doorstep once more . his hand shake as he take off the hat . his hair have be savage . terri fuck I . 17 18 13 . eric told I I be lucky it be not a bullet . terri for what , deal a bit of blow ? eric lean in and take hold of terri 's wrist . eric it 's not the drug . it 's I , it 's you - they try to pass themselves off as the school rebel , we show they up as the prefect . he put the hat back on so that RUTH come downstairs do not see he hair . he smile at she , then at terri . eric ( cont 'd ) ( in a undertone ) they want we off the street . terri watch he go . int . 12 jerusalem STREET - later 17 terri sit on the sofa , with a Exchange and Mart open at the ' record 's page , a couple of ad circle . RUTH lie across he lap . terri set down paper . terri you be everything to I . RUTH laugh , take aback by the suddenness of it all . RUTH I will settle for be the most important . marilyn come into the room carry a box . marilyn do not mind I work here . terri ( into RUTH 's hair ) everything . ext . belfast STREET - night 18 terri walk away from sort Office open a package : record . he walk on past board - up shop . a car appear on the far side of the street , travel in the opposite direction . 19 20 14 . terri pull he chin down into he collar as it pass he . the sound of the car fade into the distance , leave only terri 's footstep . another car appear , move slower , face at the window . terri retreat further into he collar . when the car have travel a few yard beyond he it do a u-turn and before terri have time to run pull up at the kerbside . a thug jump out . he pull terri 's coat over he head and drag he towards the car . terri resist . at one stage he head be inside the car . he and the driver , redhead ned , be eye to eye . terri ned ? ned ( lift a wheel brace ) here , hit he a whack with this . terri in he panic flail , catch ned 's cheek with the record bag . he manage to break free , leave he coat , sweater , and shirt in the hand of the thug . somehow he 's manage to hold on to the bag . he run . thug get out and start to give chase . headlights appear further up the street . ned ( cont 'd ) Quick , get in . ( hold a hand to he face ) you be a dead man , hooley ! ext . alley - night 19 terri , topless , stand back press against the wall , breathe heavily . int . 12 jerusalem STREET - night 20 terri , RUTH 's dress gown over he bare torso , be throw brandy into he , pace the floor . terror have give way to anger . RUTH be try to get he to sit down . RUTH wait , wait , you say you know this fella ? terri from the sixty . he be a prick then and he 's a prick now , only now he 's a prick with a gun . 21 22 23 15 . he sit finally , light a cigarette and close he eye . RUTH sit on the arm of the chair beside he . her gaze roam over he face . RUTH do you think maybe it 's time we get out of here ? terri no , that 's what they expect - that 's what they want . he jump up , knock over the bag of record . they spill across the floor . he and RUTH start to pick they up . terri stop , straighten . RUTH look at he . RUTH terri ? int . bank manager' office - day 21 bank manager say that again . terri I want to open a record shop . bank manager on great Victoria Street ? terri nod . bank manager ( cont ’d ) ' bomb alley 's ? ext . 102 great victoria STREET - day 22 a down - at-heel three - storey building in a late-victorian terrace . terri and RUTH , dave and marilyn look up at the frontage . dave you 'il have to use a bit of imagination . they go in . int . 102 great victoria STREET - day 23 it 's a wreck . there 's a dead pigeon on the floor . dave ( climb the stair ) so , whole - food shop down here . ( more ) 16 . dave ( cont 'd ) people 's printing press on the top floor . they have arrive on the first floor landing . dave ( cont 'd ) and you here in the middle . 24 int . bank manager' office - day 24 bank manager do you know how long it 's be since I have have someone in here tell I he want to open something . he think . bank manager ( cont ’d ) I do not suppose you have any collateral ? terri collateral ? 25 ext . leafy suburban STREET - day 25 terri , dave and RUTH walk at ( terri 's ) speed . dave I would not get my hope up . terri they get the Nobel Prize , Dave . a million pound to promote peace and love ! I and I be bring reggae to the people of belfast . they have stop before a sign : peace people . RUTH good luck . terri hug she ; hug Dave too . terri one love . terri and dave go in . RUTH watch the door . nothing happen ; nothing happen ; nothing happen . then terri come out , dave follow . terri ( cont 'd ) Fucking hippie . 26 27 17 . dave I do not think the John Lennon story help . terri and dave walk off . RUTH stand look after they . int . 12 jerusalem STREET - night 26 terri and RUTH face one another across the table . he be brood . she reach under the table for she bag . she take out a id card . terri what 's that ? RUTH I get a job . terri pick the card up and read it . terri truant officer ? RUTH do not say anything . she take money from she purse and count it out on the table : ten , twenty , thirty ... int . bank manager' office - day 27 the only thing that have change be the bank manager 's tie . terri be count out the banknote RUTH count out for he : ten , twenty , thirty , and one note more . bank manager ( pick up the note ) forty pound ? he be tempt . he be also a bank manager . a moment . bank manager ( cont ’d ) you have not anything a bit more ... substantial ? terri hesitates . terri you mean like a house ? bank manager 's face brighten . 28 29 30 18. int . phone BOX - day 28 terri ( draw on he cigarette ) no , it be all pretty straightforward . the forty quid swing it . ( run a finger round the phone 's change drawer ) but , here , I might be home a bit late , I just have to go and do something about the , ah , sewer . terri pull scrap of paper from he pocket ; dial the number write on one particularly dog - ear scrap . a pause . a deep drag . terri ( cont 'd ) marty ? terri hooley . int . jumble sale - day 29 terri walk up to a stall on which , among the other crap , be two big box of record ' pick of the pop 's to the fore of one . he signal to stall -holder terri I all give you a fiver for the whole lot . int . harp bar - afternoon 30 terri enter , the very incarnation of johnny guitar Watson 's ' gangster of Love 's , a box under each arm . marty be there with a group of republican paramilitaries ( the friend from the 1968 Harp bar ) , among they ned , bruise still around he eye . they watch terri stop before they table . he look over he shoulder . andy enter with other loyalist paramilitaries ( more of the friend ) . the republican paramilitaries instinctively rise from they seat hand go towards they jacket . terri why do not everybody sit down ? both group do , a wary distance apart . terri occupy the space between they . terri ( cont 'd ) you know the old say about the devil and the long spoon ? 31 32 19 . everyone be look at he , wonder where this be go . terri ( cont 'd ) I think for a bunch of cunt like you a few lps would probably do the trick . he fashion a smile , empty a box on one table , a box on the other and spread the record out : jumble sale crap . terri ( cont 'd ) do not all dive at once . a moment . they all dive at once . int . harp bar - afternoon 31 the table be closer together . republican paramilitaries and loyalist paramilitaries be look at they album . ned wait , I already have desperado . terri take it back , give he Leo sayer 's Endless Flight , pass desperado to the loyalist side . terri right , everybody happy ? nod , murmur : they be happy . terri ( cont 'd ) ok , now , can I ask you something in return ? see when this shop open , there 's to be no come round look a '' donation '' for the Republican prisoner ... ( look leave ) «+. or the loyal Orange widow ... ( look right ) and one other thing , there 's to be no try to kill I . anybody . silence . terri ( cont 'd ) now what about one for the road ? ext . harp bar - later 32 terri stand at the door , smoking . andy come to stand beside he . andy that be some performance you put on there . 33 20 . terri I try my best . andy see that one in there , though ? they be not the one you have to worry about . even the crazy remember the time before this all start . it 's the one come up behind they you be go to have to watch out for . he nod across the street to where a couple of young skinhead wait : mutt and hatchet ( who have a distinctive spiderweb tattoo on he neck ) . andy ( cont 'd ) it will take more than a few lps to buy they off . terri you underestimate my record collection . andy pat terri 's cheek , without affection . he cross the street . mutt and hatchet fall in behind he . ext . 102 great victoria STREET - day 33 a life-size hardboard elvis come out the door . terri be behind , carry it . he set it on the footpath . the word good vibration be paint in red below elvis 's knee . his leave index finger point the way back up the stair . there be a lame pop . cheer . the bod from the wholefood shop dispense elderflower Champagne to dave , marilyn , RUTH , and terri . ( terri slip a flask from he pocket and top up he own ' champagne 's with brandy . ) a little sea of celebration in the middle of bomb alley 's wreck shop front and steel shutter a guy with wild hair and grey beard come down the street : pugwash . he stop and look . pugwash you actually open ? terri yeah , we be open . pugwash raise he arm as though to be searched . terri hug he . 34 35 21. ext . great victoria STREET - evening 34 night be fall . the street be desert , the building in darkness . there be only one figure in the street : elvis . there be only one light on : good vibration 's . int . 102 great victoria STREET - day 35 a hand ( terri 's ) flick a light switch ; press a button to open a cash register ; pour coin into the drawer ; flip open a receipt book . finally the hand remove a record from a sleeve : the Wailer 's catch a Fire . set it on the turntable ; lower the needle . the music swell ; terri be at the counter , the outlaw gallery from the Harp on the wall behind he ; he look up . there be all of two customer , pugwash and a.n.other a.n.other lift a album . terri ( shout ) great choice , too many saviour on my Cross ! a.n.other set it down and leave . pugwash it would be waste on he . terri you be probably right . two ruc men enter . terri ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) here we go . first ruc man see business be go well . terri early day . first ruc man ( pick up Wailer sleeve : marley toke ) you old chum Eric have leave a bit of a gap in the market and we have we suspicion about who 's fill it . terri what the fuck be you talk about ? it 's a record shop ! 36 37 38 22. first ruc man so you say . but see if we so much as find two cigarette papers in the same room , it 's 1ll be a ex - record shop . he set down the sleeve on he way out . second ruc man follow ; first ruc man turn at the door . first ruc man ( cont ’d ) by the way , be you man out the front anything to do with you ? terri walk to the window get there just as the track end . GEORGE be out on great Victoria Street , point the same way as elvis . GEORGE do not let the name fool you . good vibration ? nake capitalism be what it be ! terri fuck sake , dad . ext . 102 great victoria STREET - night 36 it 's the end of the day . elvis be enter the building , terri , as previously , behind . int . 102 great victoria STREET - night 37 terri count the taking . he lift the cash drawer to see if he 's miss any . he have not . he look around the empty shop . ext . 102 great victoria STREET - night 38 terri lock up . he light a cigarette . he hear youthful laughter . his head turn , look up a alley , at the same moment as RUTH appear behind he RUTH boo . terri drop the cigarette down he jumper . RUTH ( cont 'd ) I think I have walk you home . terri have one hand down he jumper the other hand up . the up hand retrieve the cigarette , the down hand beat he chest . 23 . a tv crew have set up on the footpath . a earnest journalist - des - deliver a piece to camera . des for the people of belfast the nightmare continue . terri and RUTH walk through he shot without interrupt they conversation . RUTH how be it today ? terri another few customer would not hurt . one or two under thirty would not hurt either . what about you ? RUTH I have not speak to anyone over the age of twelve . 39 int . 102 great victoria STREET - day 39 another day in the shop . terri look glum . pugwash step up to the counter with a shangri-las album . pugwash just the one today , terri . terri ah , pugwash , beehive and teenage suicide ... we obviously share the same taste in woman . Three pound . pugwash go . behind he stand a odd -look urchin . this be fang , a belfast punk , miss a few front tooth . fang have you ' orgasm addict 's ? terri I think you be in the wrong shop . fang buzzcock ? terri definitely in the wrong shop . fang fuck off ? terri what ? 24 . fang if you do not want to fuck I fuck off , the electric chair ? terri shake he head . fang look around . fang ( cont 'd ) I think this be suppose to be a record shop . they stare at one another . terri recognise something in the kid 's attitude . he get a pen , a piece of paper . terri I 'il order they . dave enter carry poster , which he give to fang dave here you go , hot off the press . fang instantly hand one to terri . fang ( not ask , tell ) stick that up for we . terri unroll it : JANUARY 12 th - rudi and the outcast - the pound , townhall STREET . terri a gig ? who 's put that on ? fang we . terri look at the poster again . when he look up fang be already head for the door . terri here , where be you hearing all that stuff you be ask I for ? fang peel . terri John peel ? last time I hear he be play pink floyd . he turn to the wall , look for a space . when he can not see one he take down the Rolling Stones Ulster Hall bill . terri ( cont 'd ) sorry , boy . 40 4l 42 25 . ext . belfast STREET - night 40 terri and dave and they echoing footstep be walk away from the city centre . sound of a army helicopter overhead . dave if I have know you be go to drag I down here I have never have print that thing . he glance anxiously over he shoulder then have to quick - step to catch up with terri dave ( cont 'd ) you know they use the pound as a morgue on bloody Friday . terri fuck sake , Dave . they pass in front of the Albert clock , round a corner , round another , and there be the pound , a once - fine bar now barely stand . ext . pound - night 41 dave there will be nobody here . int . pound - night 42 there be people all right . Young people . punk . it 's another city , another world entirely . the journey from the door to the bar be a crash course in teen vice , 1978 vintage : groping , playful headbuttings , surreptitious glue-sniff . terri and dave squeeze in at the bar . dave take out a pound note , conspicuous amid the punk count out they coin so of course the barman make straight for he . the punk glare . terri turn to look into the room . on a stage light by a single fluorescent bulb , four crop - haire teenager be wrenching out a song ( basic even for punk ) from they instrument . this be the outcast . lead singer greg cowan exercise he snarl . guitarist getty , shirt off , concentrate so hard on he guitar , he do not notice the girl concentrate on he . suddenly a number of ruc men come in and start nabbing anyone who look underage ( and plenty do ) , take name , ask for pocket to be turn out . 26 . terri push he way through the crowd and buttonhole a ruc man , write down the name of a pink - haire punk girl . terri Excuse I , officer , I have like to report a civil war outside . ruc man turn . it 's the man who warn terri in the shop . terri ( cont 'd ) not you again . first ruc man step back , hooley . terri no , really , take you time . the bombing , shoot , intimidation , that can all wait while you smell she breath to see if she 's be drink . first ruc man ( to punk girl ) stay you there . ( to terri ) and , you , I have warn you once : step back . terri step forward . first ruc man 's hand move towards the gun at he hip . suddenly a single guitar chord sound . another band have take the stage . what they lack in snarl they make up for in cheek . this be rudi . down on the floor terri and ruc man be still squaring up . rudi 's singer ronnie matthews lean into the mike . ronnie ( more speak than sung ) we hate the cop . terri and ruc man finally look at the stage where rudi be rip into ' cop 's . the audience have forget about the actual ruc men among they and be sing along . punk we hate the cop , we hate the cop . terri join in , right in nearest cop 's face . the atmosphere have change , the ruc have lose control . by the door of the bar a ruc sergeant give the signal to withdraw . ruc man reluctantly back off terri who be give it all he have get . 43 27 . rudi / punk / terri ss ruc , ss ruc . when the last cop have go there be pandemonium . terri be in the thick of it , hugging punk , get head - butte ( accidentally ? maybe not , though he appear not to mind ) . ronnie ok , now that we have clear the air a bit ... this be ' Big time 's . at guitarist brian young 's open riff the crowd surge forward . suddenly the fluorescent stage - light fall from the ceiling . rudi play on regardless in the gloom . fang grab the light , still light , and swing it above he head . terri look around he - at the kid , at the band , at the wave light - and it be all too much . he start to cry . then he jump up and down with everyone else . int . pound - later 43 terri lean at the bar he head in he hand . dave approach . dave you all right ? terri ( raise he head ) all right ? I have lose a tooth , be drench in spit , call a wanker about five hundred time . ( with a nod to barman ) and I hate to tell you , but this beer taste like piss ... it 's the best night I have have in belfast in year . he turn . his eye be miss . dave hand he the pint glass at he elbow . there be the eye , float in the beer . terri plunge he hand in , shake the eye dry and pop it back in just as brian and ronnie of rudi approach . terri push dave aside . terri ( cont 'd ) boy , where have you be all my life ? he hug each one in turn , unaware quite how little the boy want to be hugge . brian do we know you ? 28 . terri terri hooley . I run a record shop and that ' Big time 's song ... ( he sing the riff ) I want that in my shop . ronnie you can want all you like . terri be you tell I you have not record it ? brian record it ? who 's go to come to belfast to sign we . ronnie that 's just the way it be . we do not care . terri fuck sake , raise you expectation . ( a pause ) I ' 1l do it . I x11 put it out . brian you be piss . terri so what ? dave arrive at terri 's shoulder just in time to hear ... terri ( cont 'd ) I ’1ll put that record out . brian how ? terri I do not know . ( to dave ) how hard can it be ? rudi look at one another and laugh . brian whatever you think , mate . terri I will be in touch during the week . you be make a record , fella . terri and dave head for the exit . 44 29 . dave you just can not go charge into something like that ... anyway , we be mean to be a collective . terri we be , you can print the sleeve . two outcast approach , singer greg , a bottle of cider in he hand , and getty , pink-haire punk girl hang on to he ... until she boyfriend grab she back . greg here , will you record we too ? terri I be not that fuck piss . int . 12 jerusalem STREET - night 44 the bedroom door open with a bang . terri frame by the hall light . terri you 'il never believe what I have just see . RUTH sit up in bed , struggle to open she eye . terri pull back the cover , get into bed . terri ( cont 'd ) this kid ... they do not give a shit . you have to hear they . RUTH now ? what time be it ? terri I do not know . four . you have to hear they . RUTH right , right . terri everybody have to hear they . RUTH right. ( pause ) have you still you shoe on ? a thump as one shoe land on the floor . another thump . terri everybody . 45 46 30 . int . 12 jerusalem STREET - night 45 RUTH be asleep . terri be awake stare at the ceiling . the ceiling be a movie screen ; terri , in hank Williams 's famous white suit , with rhinestone music note , be on stage at the pound with rudi , the outcast and a host of punk sing ' I saw the Light 's . int . wizard studio - day 46 brian and terri enter . two man be in conversation at a mixing desk , one - in a multi-coloured suede patchwork coat - stand ( davy smyth ) the other - lank hair , cheesecloth shirt - sit ( davy shannon ) terri which of you be davy ? both man look up . davy smyth & davy shannon we both be . terri ( under he breath ) that 's all I need , another two davys in my life . ( aloud ) I phone earlier ... terri hooley ? brian be look around in wonder . the davy be look at brian like he 's another life form . terri ( cont 'd ) so when can you fit we in ? davy smyth open a desk diary . davy smyth I do not know , we be pretty full . terri you be joke I ? davy smyth we have a couple of flute band in next week , and we have a jingle for cheese and onion crisp . brian have go for a wander : a kid in a toy shop . terri sidle up and drape a arm over davy smyth 's shoulder . terri come on , be that what you have in mind when you set this place up ? ( more ) 31 . terri ( cont 'd ) flute band and crisp commercial ? davy smyth the time we live in . you have to put the dinner on the table somehow . terri take out a spliff , which he light it , let the smoke out slowly . terri and what about you rock 's not ' roll soul , davy ... davys . how do you feed that ? davy smyth look again at brian then at davy shannon and finally at the diary . davy smyth I can give you a hour the Tuesday after next . 10 ok ? terri in the morning ? come on , we be music people . 47 int . bank manager' office - day 47 bank manager hold a 45 : Zoot sim ' dream 's . bank manager ( a touch of awe ) this bring back memory . terri amazing be not it . a bit of cardboard and some press plastic . bank manager go to hand it back . terri wave it away . terri ( cont 'd ) all that magic - 14p . bank manager 14p to buy ? terri 14p to make yourself . that 's recording ... 48 int . wizard studio - day 48 terri stand behind davy smyth at the desk , watch rudi . 49 50 51 52 davy point at the clock . Three minute past the hour . terri slip he another twenty quid . terri ( v.o. ) press ... int . pressing plant - day vinyl be press . terri ( v.o . ) the sleeve be take care of . int . 102 great victoria STREET - night 32 . 49 50 a3 sheet fall from dave 's printing press . terri , RUTH , marilyn and dave lift they as quickly as they come out and fold they . int . bank manager' office - day bank manager 14p . so how many be you think of do ? terri Three thousand . bank manager 's eyebrow go up . terri ( cont 'd ) trust I . int . 102 great victoria STREET - day 51 52 dave , brian and ronnie watch terri remove a piece of vinyl from a ' Big time 's sleeve and hold it up , like the host . terri up you hole , emi . dave I think you be send it to emi and polydor ? terri I know but up they hole anyway . we crack the code , we make it without they . brian and ronnie make a grab for the pile of record on the counter , turn they over in they hand . 53 54 33. ext . harp bar —- afternoon 53 terri and RUTH enter . RUTH carry a packet of biscuit . int . harp bar - afternoon 54 a few old wankers dot around watch a stripper on a stage . xxx film project on the wall behind she . terri , RUTH , and PAT walk in from the back . PAT what - they squirrely - look bastard you see glue-sniff in corn market ? ( lowering he voice ) and do not ' punk 's mean ' fruit 's ? I would not want any of that sort of carry - on . he lean forward to pick up a empty glass and some of the xxx carry - on be briefly project on to he face . PAT ( cont 'd ) I think they all hang out in the pound anyway . terri one night a week . they need a place of they own . RUTH stare straight ahead at the stripper terri approach the stage ; bend down for a closer look at it . above he the stripper carry on , oblivious . terri ( cont 'd ) better stage than the pound and all . turn to RUTH . terri ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? RUTH that be amazing shoe . stripper smile . terri ( to PAT ) how many do this place hold on a good night ? 55 56 34 . PAT a good night ? I can not remember the last time we have one of they . terri I can . it hold three hundred . some of this kid be only wee . I would say three - fifty once the word spread . PAT 's sway . terri ( cont 'd ) Three or four night a week . PAT 's sway . int . hooley family home - evening 55 mavis open the door . terri and RUTH on doorstep . terri sorry we be a wee bit late . we be ... RUTH bomb scare . she hand mavis the biscuit . int . hooley family home - later 56 terri , RUTH , mavis and GEORGE be have dinner . throughout , mavis attempt to keep up a hostess 's ( and mother - in - law 's ) politeness . a vote hooley poster be clearly visible in the background . terri pass I the salt there . mavis please . terri please . RUTH the potato be lovely . mavis they be George 's own . you should get he to take you round the garden after dinner . ( more ) 35 . mavis ( cont 'd ) you would not think it , all the size of it , but he could feed half the street out of it . and many 's the time he have . have not you , George ? GEORGE grunt in reply . he have be bide he time . GEORGE ( to terri ) so you be a shop owner and a record company boss now too , be you ? mavis ( to RUTH ) and how 's you job go ? RUTH it would break you heart , some of that estate . there 's kid in they teens have already give up . they think the only way to get themselves notice be to wrap themselves in a flag and pick up a gun . GEORGE ( to terri ) this be the same lad use to march around town with I shouting ... child terri appear on GEORGE 's shoulder , a big eye patch , a even bigger placard . child terri and GEORGE together property be theft ! property be theft ! terri catch yourself on , dad . child terri disappear . terri ( cont 'd ) it 's not like you think . all I have promise this band be to get they hear . I have send the record out to every record company in London . GEORGE ( to terri ) and ? 36 . terri I be still wait on they get back to I . GEORGE of course you be . it 's the most rotten industry there be : bribe , payola , cartel . get involved in that you will either end up a crook or you will go break . terri I will never be a crook . mavis ( to RUTH ) it 's the parent need the talk to , not the kid . kid will only do what they be let get away with . terri ( to GEORGE ) actually , I be take a couple of the group out on the road next month . GEORGE , mavis , RUTH ( as one ) what ? terri just a few date , just to let people see what 's go on here . mavis be you sure it 's wise , drive around this country in a van at night ? that poor fella who be murder ... GEORGE but in . GEORGE aw , do not talk to he . he 's a impresario . the lew grade of great Victoria Street . terri 's have enough . terri how many election be it you have lose ? ten . do it ever occur to you there might be more than one alternative ? GEORGE be about to come back , but mavis have have enough too . she thrust a gravy boat between they . 37 . mavis more gravy anyone . 57 ext . hooley family home - evening 57 RUTH and terri wave to GEORGE and mavis . RUTH ( through a fix smile ) I have have to speak to they at work about take time off if you want I to cover at the shop . terri it 's ok , I ’1ll get pugwash to do it . RUTH pugwash ? can you afford he ? terri I be not go to pay he . he practically life there anyway . fucker 's lucky I do not charge he rent . terri walk on . RUTH stare after . 58 ext . 102 great victoria STREET - day 58 greg and getty load equipment into a dilapidate white van . rudi 's brian arrive carry a guitar case , as getty stagger out of the shop with a amp . brian be this the rudi roady ? greg pass , carry a box . greg ha fuck ha . terri ( to brian ) meet you new label - mate . brian you have change you tune . terri well , I have have grow old wait on they change theirs . getty walk back towards the shop , rub he side , feign laughter . 38 . brian anyone else come on this tour ? terri tearjerker ... fang and lanky punk stroll up . fang can we come ? terri -.. this two ... brian put he guitar case in the minibus . greg uncle terri , come on ! laughter . terri go to get into the van . stop . terri wait , do anybody know how to drive this thing ? greg we be you fuck star , you can not ask we to drive . getty come from the shop take the key out of terri 's hand without a word . 59 ext . country road - day 59 sheep , cow , army watchtower . the van , amp and face tight against the window , pass across the screen . 60 int . dilapidated van - day 60 getty drive . terri , by the passenger window , drink . greg where the fuck be we ? terri ( a swig from the bottle ) we be on the road to Damascus . getty that last sign say loughbrickland . 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 39 . ext . country road - day 61 the van carry on . int . rural hall - night 62 brian at the mike . brian hello , Damascus , we be rudi . rudi play ' I - spy 's . the rest of the good vibe crew huddle in front of the stage . the dance - floor be otherwise empty . the wall be line with local lad look dagger and local girl look tear . terri , watch from beside the band , beckon to someone down the hall . a rural punk kid come forward , bait by the local lad ; when he reach the front he close he eye and pogo like he life depend on it . ext . country road - night 63 more cow , more sheep , more watchtower . poster appear : good vibe on Tour at stranocum ... pettigo ... garrison . int . rural hall - night 64 rudi still play , rural punk have be join by a couple more of the local lad ext . country road - night 65 more poster advertising more venue . int . rural hall - night 66 the dance floor be fuller , pogoing , beer glass fly . int . rural hall - later 67 the floor be a mess : break glass , table overturn . terri have he hand out to the rural hall manager . the rural hall manager jerk a thumb over he shoulder at the mayhem terri 's band be leave in they wake . he put he hand out to terri . terri reach for he wallet ... 68 40 . ext . rural roadside - night 68 the van be park , door open . the good vibe crew be line up , pissing into a ditch . only terri and getty remain in the bus . terri be look for a light . he empty he jacket pocket on to the dashboard : half a dozen cassettes . terri people keep hand I this fuck thing . ronnie pissing nearest the bus pipe up . ronnie they would not be do it if they know what happen to ' Big time 's . brian or what do not happen . terri have not happen yet . I be still wait on call from London . maybe when we get back ... terri pull out another tape . terri ( cont 'd ) I do not even remember where the half of they come from . there be a rustle in the bush , then light , shout . soldier 1 everybody down on the fuck ground ! out ! out ! out ! he trail terri out of minibus . soldier everywhere , face blacken , gun poise . terri be force to the ground beside getty who have be drag round from the other side . terri whoa ! whoa ! soldier 1 I say fuck down . soldier be frisk the prone punk . they drag they all up on they foot again . soldier 1 ( cont 'd ) what the fuck have we here ? Fucking scarecrow convention ? 4l. terri listen , fella , we have be play some date . we be on we way home to belfast . soldier 1 and where be you all from in belfast ? brian / greg / fang / lanky punk East - West - South - North . they look down the line at one another as it register . soldier 1 ( in brian 's face ) be you take the mick , Mick ? brian 's face say that he would not dream of it . soldier 1 ( cont 'd ) ( turn to terri ) you tell I some of this cunt be Protestant and some of they be Catholic ? terri it never occur to I to ask . soldier 1 you ever think of set up a political party ? terri you do not want to know what I think of political party . soldier 1 you do not want to know what we do either . ( call to he patrol ) all right , let they back on to they bus . the good vibe crew climb on board , cocky again . 69 int . dilapidated van - continuous 69 sound of the soldier 's radio as the engine start . soldier 1 ( tap terri 's window ) just get report in on the radio . you might want to watch yourselves go West when you get to belfast ... and North . a bit of trouble in the East too . 70 71 72 73 42 . terri what about the South ? soldier 1 you should be ok if you get go now . the van pull off : bare arse press against the window . int . dilapidated van - night 70 the van drive through the street of belfast . the mood have change . nervous glance . a ambulance pass , siren wail . there be flame on the skyline . int . 12 jerusalem STREET - morning 71 terri wake as RUTH get out of bed . the clothes we see he in in the last scene be strewn around the room . terri any call while I be away ? RUTH nothing . terri throw himself back on the bed . he look up at the ceiling . hank william shake he head sadly . terri squeeze he eye shut . terri do not fuck start . int . 12 jerusalem STREET - morning 72 RUTH stand in the live room doorway take in the scene . various outcast and tearjerker be asleep on the floor . RUTH step over they on she way to the kitchen . getty be the only one to wake . RUTH getty . getty all right , Ruth ? sorry about this . there be a bit of trouble last night . he would not let we go home . int . 12 jerusalem STREET kitchen - moment later 73 RUTH put kettle on , take down a jar of instant coffee . getty come in . light a cigarette . she get a extra cup from the cupboard . 74 75 76 77 43. RUTH how be the countryside . getty weird . RUTH wait for more . there be not any . they sip they coffee . she set she cup down . RUTH well , I 'il see you later . getty yeah . int . 12 jerusalem STREET - moment later 74 RUTH pick she way with care again . near the door she bend down and shake fang awake . RUTH should you not be at school ? fang ( burrow down again ) Saint 's Day . RUTH give up . she open the door . ' this perfect Day 's by the Saints play , as it do through the next few scene . int . bus - morning 75 RUTH sit by the window , read emily dickinson . int . 102 great victoria STREET - day 76 terri open the shop door bend to pick up the post . all bill . terri walk behind the counter and open a drawer , which be already full of bill . he close it quickly . ext . mountainy housing estate - day 77 every lamppost have a Ulster flag . three estate kide - long hair - sit on a wall before a large mural ' join the Ulster Young militant 's . RUTH approach . they start to run . RUTH run after they , then stop , throw she hand in the air in frustration . she lift the windscreen wiper of a nearby car , put a flyer beneath it : ' Harp bar , punk Club 's 78 79 80 44 , ext . great victoria STREET - day 78 lanky punk run . a few second behind and gain be mutt and hatchet . lanky punk duck in the doorway of no. 102 . mutt and hatchet follow and find themselves face to face with terri . terri ( arm across the doorway ) you be bar . mutt you can not bar we , we have never even be in before . terri well , for give I lip you be definitely bar now . mutt ( in terri 's face ) I know people . I could have you shot . terri I know the same people you know . I could have you send to bed without you supper . mutt glare a moment longer then knock terri 's arm out of the way . good vibe customer be mass on the stair . fang , pugwash ... even a few of the wholefood bod . mutt contemplate the odd , think better of it , though he can not resist a parting shot . mutt see from now on ? you better make sure you have someone with you every time you turn you back to piss , because I be the fuck bogeyman and I swear to fuck , sooner or later , I be go to get you . he turn and floor elvis with a single punch . hatchet linger for a sneer . elvis , rebound , nearly smack he in the face as he turn to go . int . 102 great victoria STREET - day 79 cheer from good vibe customer as terri walk through . int . harp bar - night 80 the tearjerker do a cover of the Saints track just hear . 81 82 83 45 . rudi and the outcast be in the crowd , attract as much attention as the band on stage . ext . harp bar - night 81 terri at the door watch the punk still queue up to get in . RUTH appear behind he , wrap she arm around he . terri you know what this place be start to remind I of ? RUTH what ? terri itself . a long-haire kid pass clutching a flyer . he nod at RUTH , who recognise he from the estate ; nod back . int . 12 jerusalem STREET - night 82 RUTH and terri fuck with abandon . this perfect day . int . 102 great victoria STREET - day 83 the shop be practically empty - pugwash , a couple of punk , dave . terri drop alka seltzer into a glass . he have a letter in he other hand , a open package on the counter in front of he a return Big time 7 '' stick out of it . dave well ? terri dear Mr hooley go fuck yourself ... again . ( he scrunches it up ) I think make the record be suppose to be the hard bit . dave it 's belfast ... terri no , it 's London . might as well be the moon . dave maybe we should just stick to what we know we can do in future . terri 46 . as dave leave , five teens in sport jacket and parkas enter : the undertone . they be in no mood for idle chitchat . terri ( cont 'd ) something you be look for ? feargal aye , you . billy here send you a tape age ago ... billy ( interject ) the undertone ... feargal we have not hear a thing . terri I have a shop to run . I be a busy man . feargal have you even listen to it yet ? terri hesitates a second . feargal ( cont 'd ) great . we trek all the way down from derry and you have not even listen to it . terri I do not say that . Jesus , you derry one . mickey so , do you like it ? terri it be not bad . feargal billy be not bad ...? feargal there 's no way you listen to it then . every song on that tape be a hit . terri it 's too early in the morning for this shit . he pat he pocket . 47 . terri ( cont 'd ) where be my fag ? he can not find any . terri ( cont 'd ) fuck sake . anyone get any fag ? customer look up and shake they head . terri ( cont 'd ) call yourself punk . ( to undertone ) you any fag ? feargal smoke they all on the bus . terri come out from behind the counter , shaking he head . terri steer the ship while I be away , pugwash . terri leave . billy nod to feargal : go after he . 84 ext . great victoria STREET - day 84 terri stride along ; feargal keep up the pace , and chat . feargal I still think you be bluff . terri the thing be - what do you say you name be ? feargal feargal . feargal sharkey . terri feargal . the thing be , good vibration be not really a proper label ... feargal if we do not get a record out soon it will be too late . we be break up . terri stop dead . he look physically pain . terri aw , now do not lay that on I . listen , all I want be to open a record shop . 85 48. feargal but you put out rudi . terri I know but that be because ... feargal and the outcast . there 's no answer to that . they be at a pedestrian crossing face a newsagent 's . terri tell you what . I be go over there to buy some fag . when I get back I will give you a answer . ok ? feargal ok . terri cross over and go into the shop . he emerge a few moment later , unwrap the packet , take out a cigarette , light it . feargal on the other side of the street tap he wrist . terri can not help himself : he smile , though do he best to hide it with he cigarette . he cross the road again . terri I must need my head examine . he walk on , leave feargal smirk in the street . int . wizard studio - day 85 the undertone sing the open line of ' true Confession 's : a band transformed . davy shannon be hunch over the mixing desk in the control room . terri come in . he unload beer , crisp , roll , from carrier bag . feargal stop abruptly , take off the headphone . davy shannon fade up he voice . feargal all I be get be echo , echo , echo . dave shannon adjust level . mickey ok , try it from the top again . 86 87 88 49 , davy shannon shut down the studio link . billy silently count the band in and feargal start to sing again . terri hard go ? davy smyth never be in a proper studio two hour ago , now they be the producer . in the studio the band have stop again . terri what do you think , will we just cut we loss here ? davy shannon ( suddenly animated ) cut we loss ? you do not hear they do the track before this . that be the best thing I ever record . the best thing anyone in this city ever record . he hand terri headphone . int . wizard studio - day 86 the band 's side of the glass between the control room and studio proper . terri clutches the headphone to he ear . he walk slowly to the glass . he spread he hand against it . feargal ( wave , through gritt tooth ) stop stare at I like that , you mad one - eye bastard . int . wizard studio - day 87 terri take off the headphone as though afraid of let the track he 's just hear escape . terri well I will not be posting this one to London . int . 102 great victoria STREET - night 88 terri hold up the a3 ' teenage kick 's sleeve to a audience of undertone , oucast , rudi , dave , marilyn , RUTH , fang , pugwash . 89 50 . terri thank you all for answer the call . now , be you watch ? you line up the record with the top edge , fold along the bottom line , like this , then fold down this side and then this ... ( hold it up ) and there you have it . again ? ( repeat routine only faster ) here , here , here , and here . right , now , let 's get start . the mass fold of ' teenage kick 's ep sleeve begin . there be beer , there be larking about . then the door open and there be GEORGE . terri scramble to he foot . GEORGE I hear what be go on here tonight . terri look pleased . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) exploit this kid . ( hand terri a cassette ) play that for they . loud . terri turn he back to put it on , loud as instruct . it 's ' the internationale 's : ' stand up you victim of oppression , for the tyrant fear you might 's etc . GEORGE meanwhile be take in the scene , the camaraderie . for a moment it look as though he might be about to smile . terri turn back , catch he eye . GEORGE set he jaw again , reverting to type . terri go back to turntable , turn the record even louder . int . 102 great victoria STREET - much later 89 only terri , RUTH and pugwash remain . pile of teenage kick all around . terri be try to squeeze just one more copy into a plastic bag ... RUTH I think you have maybe enough in there . terri ( force it ) just in case ... 90 91 51 . RUTH calm . you 's 1ll be grand . terri I be glad you think so . RUTH they 'il never have meet anyone like you . I know I have not . still have not . terri I do not want to give they any excuse . RUTH you will not . ( kiss he ) I have get to get on to work . she turn to leave , but stop in the doorway . RUTH ( cont 'd ) just promise I you will not tell the John Lennon story . terri ( hand on he heart ) swear to Bob marley . ext . knightsbridge - day 90 terri knock at a glossily paint townhouse door . which be open , at length , by eric , still the Sixth Stone , only now more miss you than Main Street . he grin . int . eric 's pad - day 91 a huge , white , mirrore palace . terri Holy fuck . eric I know . amazing where charm , know - how and labyrinthine narcotic connection can get a young man this day ... terri have stop to look at the sign photo on the wall . sly Stone , keith Moon , the James last orchestra . 92 93 52 . terri have you have a lot of dealing with music people ? eric that 's like ask a vet if he 's stick he hand up a cow 's arse . he have produce a bag of white powder . eric ( cont 'd ) something to help you on you way ? terri better not . I can not afford to fuck up . eric you will fuck up if you be too tense . you have to go in there like you mean it . terri good point . ext . london STREET . day 92 terri be fly through London , record bag under he arm . Children wave . he wave back , throw they record . he pass some pearly king and queen . they give he the thumb up . terri reply in kind . int . first record exec 's office . day 93 a executive , swivel in he seat . he have a fashionable New Wave haircut , and a expression that suggest terri 's not the first person to fly through he window . new wave executive where be the gun ? terri drop like a lead weight into a chair at the opposite side of the desk . terri sorry ? new wave executive the gun ? the bomb ? the tank ... terri tank ? 94 95 53. new wave executive the rage ? I get tell here 's a punk band from belfast . I think , yeah , great , no pissing around here , this should be real darkness , proper darkness . he lift a copy of the single . new wave executive ( cont ’d ) but then I get ... this . nihilism ? if anything it sound like they be have too good a time . terri jump to he foot , grab he record and storm out . int . second record executive office . day 94 this guy look like a schoolboy . schoolboy executive they be no oil - painting be they ? have they any good look friend ? and we love it when band sing in regional accent , but could they not pick another region ? terri 's knuckle whiten as he grip he chair . he jump up , the chair fall . int . third record executive office . day 95 terri sit face a roaring dickhead . roaring dickhead executive it 's shit . terri shit ? terri 's head slump forward . he look beat . roaring dickhead executive yeah , shit . terri look up , scan the room : the photo , the gold disc . terri ( deep breath ; stand ) it 's not shit . roaring dickhead executive it be . 96 97 54 . terri it 's not . roaring dickhead executive be . terri lift a disc from the wall . he look dement . terri no , this be shit the executive slowly start to back away from the table ... roaring dickhead executive ( shouting ) Cathy , get security up here now . ++. just in time to duck as terri hurl the disc at he . he grab another . terri and this be shit . he throw it . then pick another . terri ( cont 'd ) and this be really shit . int . lobby . day 96 four punk stand with a soberly - dress manager , laugh as they wait for the lift . a ting . the lift door open . the four punk step back in horror as terri be frog-marched out by two security men . ext . record company hq. day 97 terri be throw on to the street . his bag of record follow behind . he get up , lift a bunch of teenage kick , shake they at the security men - at the whole building . terri what be wrong with you people ? he turn round , glare at the passer - by - try with little success to hand they copy . terri ( cont 'd ) be there not one person in this city who recognise genius when it 's hand to they ? 98 99 55 . a think hit he . he run to the kerb and hail a cab . ext . BBC portland place - evening 98 a even Standard pavement poster read scotland yard in ira cell hunt . terri get out of the cab and make for the entrance . int . BBC portland place - evening 99 terri , hunch over the reception desk , try to foist a envelope on the receptionist who refuse even to touch it . receptionist it 's just that all package have to be sign in . Security . terri it 's a piece of vinyl . receptionist New regulation . terri can you sign for it ? receptionist I be afraid not . terri I have come all the way from belfast and to tell you the truth I have fuck up a bit today . receptionist , alarmed by ' belfast 's , glance towards security guard over by the revolve door . receptionist ( to terri ) sorry . terri please . receptionist no. terri drop to he knee on the far side of the desk . he moan . security guard step forward , but before they get to he a BBC employee , des , come through the door . des terri ? the moan stop . 100 56 . des ( cont 'd ) terri hooley ? terri look up , get up , as though he have simply be retrieve something from he bag . des ( cont 'd ) I can not believe it . terri clearly have not the first idea who des be . terri I neither . receptionist ( to des ) be this man a friend of yours ? des I be do a story in belfast at New Year and wander into he record shop . he have a 13th floor elevator album ... terri Easter everywhere , International artist delete it the year after it be release . des I have searched all over London for it . ( to terri ) what be you do here ? terri 's face brighten . int . 12 jerusalem STREET - night 100 terri 's face darken . he and RUTH sit either side of the radio . JOHN peel be come on air . terri stand up . terri I can not listen to this . RUTH it 's only be four night . terri it 's my fault . I should have run up that stair and hand it over myself . it would have be worth be arrest he switch off the radio , walk out of the room . 101 102 103 104 57 . RUTH ( switch radio on again ) do it ever occur to you I might be listen to that ? int . 12 jerusalem STREET - night 101 terri on the toilet read Emily dickinson . a sound from downstairs . again . RUTH be shouting he name . int . 12 jerusalem STREET - night 102 live room . RUTH be roote to the spot . her shout drow the radio . RUTH terri ! terri ! terri burst in as ' teenage kick 's end . RUTH ( cont 'd ) you miss it . int . radio studio - night 103 a hand lift the needle from the run-off groove . JOHN peel ( 0.s. ) be not that the best thing you have ever hear ? it 's so good I be go to do something I have never do before . the hand set the needle on the start of the record again feargal ( v.o. ) a teenage dream 's so hard to beat , every time she walk down the street ... int . 12 jerusalem STREET - night 104 terri and RUTH jump around the live room in celebration . the phone ring . RUTH answer . RUTH hello , Dave . I know , I know , be not it amazing ? twice in a row ! the doorbell ring . terri go to the door . fang and two other punk be on the doorstep . fang have a transistor round he wrist . he hold it up like a holy relic . 105 106 58. fang John fuck peel ! terri stand aside , the punk wander in . terri go out on to the street . all the while the record play ext . jerusalem STREET - night 105 terri stand in the street , face tilt towards the sky . there 's a army helicopter up there . a spotlight rove backwards and forward . terri 's face be by turn light up and cast in shadow , light up and cast in shadow . feargal ( v.o. ) get teenage kick right through the night , all right . terri ( murmur ) I still say it 's about wank . Inside number 12 the phone ring again ... be answer . a few moment later RUTH appear and call to terri . RUTH terri there 's a fella on the phone say he 's from sire record in London . terri continue to look skyward , he eye slowly close : another prayer answer . RUTH ( cont 'd ) terri ? the fella 's hang on here . he open he eye . terri tell he if he want to talk to I he can come over here and do it . ext . airport carpark - day 106 in background a plane land . the ' fella from sire 's paul mcnally make he way , across the tarmac . three soldier pass , paul mcnally flinch . terri lean on the dilapidate van from the good vibe tour , hold up a placard on which be write two word : ' the ma no. 59 . paul terri hooley by any chance ? terri toss away the ' man 's placard . paul ( cont 'd ) Paul mcnally . terri have you any fag ? I be right out . he open the passenger door . getty be in the driver 's seat . terri ( cont 'd ) this be getty , he 's drive we to derry . getty salute . paul go to get in the front . terri ( cont 'd ) hold on , you be in the back . paul ( about to get out ) sorry . terri only kid . I be in the back . we will swap at bellaghy . 107 ext . countryside - day 107 the van pass a sign ' bellaghy 's . 108 int . dilapidated van - day 108 terri be still in the back . paul seymour stein be knock out by ' kick 's . terri ' kick 's ? paul he turn to I straight away and say , ' I want that band 's . that 's the way he be with the ramone : ' I want that band . 's terri wait 'il I tell you , Paul , you do not have to sell seymour stein to I . ( more ) 109 60 . terri ( cont 'd ) this be the man the shangri-las phone when they want to go back into the studio . paul you know that all come to nothing ? terri still , they phone he . the shangri-las . int . feargal sharkey 's house - day 109 the undertone , terri , mrs sharkey be in the sit room , along with a serious number of holy picture . paul stand off to one corner , talk on the phone . paul seymour ? I have the band here . I be pass you over to ... mickey BRADLEY have be push forward . mickey mickey . paul mickey . mickey ( take phone ) how be you , Mr stein ? yes , Paul have tell we the offer ... ( listen a moment ) well , tell you the truth we have be hope for a bit more ... ( turn to look at the other who nod in encouragement ) a lot more : the same as the Rich kid get from emi ... he pull he head back to avoid the torrent this unleash from the other end of the line . terri let himself out of the sit room . int . feargal sharkey 's hallway - day 110 terri share the hallway with a Jack Russell , which worry at he trouserleg . the sit room door open again . there be raise voice . mrs sharkey come out with a tea tray follow by feargal . 61 . feargal should you not be in there advise we ? terri you boy should be advise I . the Jack Russell growl . feargal be that dog annoying you ? ( before terri can say anything ) sparky , stand up to be searched ! sparky adopt the position , paw spread against the wall . feargal go back into the sit room . terri down boy . sparky 's tail tremble , but he keep he paw on the wall . terri follow feargal back to the sit room and the raise voice . int . dilapidated van - day 111 moorland . rain . only one windscreen wiper be work . through the clear part of the window a road sign : Airport 45 . BA scratchy version of Adam and the ant , ' Young Parisians 's play . terri be in the back again . paul I think for a moment back there the whole thing be off . never hear he quite so angry . terri well , you get you band , do not you ? paul and what about you , terri ? terri what about I ? paul well , you record ' kick 's . it 's on you label . the tape deck cut out . getty thump the dashboard to get it go . the sun visor fall off . terri you have get the wrong idea about I . people who would not piss on I when I be haul the record around London have be on the phone offer I twenty thousand pound for it . I tell they all to fuck off . paul twenty thousand ? ( with a glance at getty ) well , we can talk about it later . terri we can talk about it now . getty 's as much a part of good vibration as I be . they all be . there be a silence , end by getty noisily change gear . terri ( cont 'd ) how much do you say that van be you be look at , getty ? getty ( in the mirror ) what 's that ? terri the van you be look at over the road from the shop . getty that one ? five hundred and fifty , but I 'il get he down to five hundred . terri all right then , Paul . five hundred quid . paul turn in he seat to face terri , try to decide if he be be serious . getty in the mirror be clearly wonder the same thing . paul be you sure you do not want to talk about this later ? terri ( rise to the occasion ) five hundred quid and a sign photo of the shangri-las . paul start to laugh . terri start to laugh . getty continue to watch in the mirror . 114 63. ext . airport carpark — day 112 paul hug terri . int . dilapidated van - day 113 terri close the door . getty start the engine . getty I think at least you have have hold out for the five magic bean . terri getty , it 's very simple . if they can not buy you they can not own you . getty what do that mean ? terri it mean you and rudi be go to be even bigger than the undertone anyway , be not you ? getty ( emboldene ) Fucking right . terri Fucking right . he look out the window as paul practically skip away . terri 's expression could almost be take for doubt , but only for a second . he take a bottle of brandy from the glove compartment . look out the window again . int . harp bar - evening 114 a few month later . dave , RUTH , marilyn , terri sit in a line at the bar watch a tiny black and white tv on which the undertone play ' get over you’ , wear they usual skinner jeans . RUTH in particular seem subdued . marilyn do that make you think a wee bit of the Beach boy ? dave make I think more of a new cistern , roof repair , happier bank manager ... 64 . terri you be start to sound like a accountant . dave you be turn I into one . brian walk behind they . pause . brian look at the state of that trousers . how come they be on the tv and we be not ? terri you write some new song , I 'o 1l get you on . brian walk off . RUTH look at she watch . RUTH I would better be get on here . marilyn I too . terri hold on . he swallow as much of he pint as he can , but still abandon half . he stand , ready to leave with RUTH . at that moment a german journalist approach with he photographer - the two of they dress like war correspondent . german journalist terri hooley ? terri yeah ? german journalist the godfather of belfast punk ? marilyn laugh . terri himself look abash . the photographer start take photograph : flash , flash , flash german journalist ( cont 'd ) we would like to make a interview with you . terri glance towards RUTH . she hold up she hand , resignedly , watch from the door as terri sit again . german journalist ( cont 'd ) so it start for you in 1977 , 76 ? 65 . terri no , no , no , no - way before that . here ( retrieve he pint ) wait till I tell you , see in the 60 ... the camera continue to flash . RUTH leave . ext . harp bar - morning 115 the door open . a night 's worth of cigarette smoke drift out . german journalist and photographer emerge , blink . terri bring up the rear . they walk off in opposite direction . int . bus - day 116 terri look out the window . ext . mountainy housing estate - day 117 terri get off bus . the flag as before : all red , white and blue . he turn up the collar of he coat and look about he then light a fag and strike out to the right . ext . mountainy housing estate - later 118 terri be still walk and smoking , still hold the brown paper bag . after a few more moment he stop . RUTH be walk along the street towards he . they meet . terri ( hold out paper bag ) I bring you you lunch . ext . bus shelter - day 119 RUTH and terri look out over the city , eat sausage roll from the brown paper bag . or at least terri be eat . RUTH bite a small corner off she sausage roll . terri watch she slowly chew . terri sorry about last night . you know I once I get start . RUTH why do you think I never let you get start ? 66 . she let he put he arm around she . they sit in silence . RUTH ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly ) I be pregnant . terri 's mouth open ; nothing come out . RUTH ( cont 'd ) well ? terri I be go to be a daddy . it 's unbelievable . RUTH be still look at he . she be hope for more . terri ( cont 'd ) it 's brilliant . RUTH you remember the day we move into the house ? you tell I I be everything ... terri and you do not want to be . RUTH that 's not what I say . I say ... terri you would settle for be the most important thing . RUTH well from now on we will both have to settle for be the second most important . they sit . terri shit , I tell that german fella I would take they to see the pound . RUTH I would better be get back to work here anyway . she brushes pastry flake from she lap . RUTH ( cont 'd ) thanks for lunch . she kiss he . a bus come . terri leap up to get on . 120 121 122 67 . terri we will be absolutely fine . i’11l work twice as hard . RUTH ( as the bus door close ) just be there . the bus with terri on it pull away . int . bus - moment later 120 terri be search in he pocket . he pull out he hand : there be half a dozen copper . he stare at they a moment . shove they back in . search in the other pocket , pull out he match . he try to light a cigarette , but he hand shake so much it take he two match . the flag on the lamppost when he look up have change from red , white and blue to green , white and orange . terri sit forward in he seat . something have catch he eye . reflected on the window a street protest fronted by women wear only blanket , carry picture of young ira man above the word ' political prisoner 's . other have poster say ' smash h block 's . the whole thing be eerily silent . ext . belfast STREET — day 121 a wall with a single poster for a smash h block rally , 3rd March 1979 . terri slap a Harp poster over it and walk away . to a acoustic guitar accompaniment ronnie start to sing . ronnie ( 0.s. ) ' well I will not do that , and I can not do this , and I tell you something we hate all this ... 's int . 102 great victoria STREET - day 122 brian play guitar and ronnie sing ... ronnie ' every time I see you , make I realise , the pressure 's on , every single day ... 's terri at the counter scrawl something on a piece of paper , which he hold up to they : hit! 123 124 125 126 127 68. ext . belfast STREET — day 123 four anti-h block poster : rally 24th June . four Harp poster over the top . ' pressure 's on’ go electric : Brian 's solo . int . bank manager' office - day 124 terri get up from seat , turn , blow he cheek out . int . wizard studio - day 125 the solo continue on one side of the glass rudi look exhaust , but elate . on the other side davy smyth finish write in black feel pen the word ' pressure 's on - master 's on a tape box , which he then put in a padded envelope , which terri take from he hand and drop into he record bag . he pat davy 's shoulder . int . 102 great victoria STREET - evening 126 terri have the phone wedge against he shoulder , rip open a envelope as he talk . there 's a glass of brandy beside he . the music fade . terri this be terri hooley ( pause ) yes , that terri hooley . ( another pause ) that 's nice of you to say so . he pull a magazine from the envelope . he 's on the cover : ' Der '' godfather of punk '' 's . he take a drink . terri ( cont 'd ) I have be watch you show some decent band on . but what about put on a really great one ...? he rip the cover off the magazine . the rest of the magazine fall to the floor with a heap of other stuff from the counter . 102 great victoria STREET - later 127 terri be dialling , unlit cigarette hang from he lip . the magazine cover be on the wall now , along with hank and the rest . 128 129 130 131 132 133 134 69 . the phone be answer . terri Brian ? get some good news . ext . belfast STREET - day 128 a smash h block poster : rally 16th September 1977 . a Harp poster slap over the top . terri go to paste up another one , but the whole wall be cover in the smash h Blocks . int . 102 great victoria STREET - day 129 Dave 's workshop . terri watch the ' pressure 's on 's sleeve roll off the press . int . 12 jerusalem STREET - night 130 terri and RUTH , heavily pregnant , on sofa . she sleep , he rifle through a shoebox full of bill . int . harp bar - night 131 terri sit at a table by the door , cashbox open beside he . pink-haire punk girl frisk herself in a exaggerated search for money . terri stop the pantomime and wearily wave she in . int . harp bar - later 132 terri be at the bar when he be approach by a couple of cartoon punk with a belfast map and a camera . one after the other they pose for photo beside he . int . tv studio - night 133 rudi be play ' the pressure 's on’. int . 12 jerusalem STREET - night 134 terri and the cartoon punk be caper around the live room while rudi play on tv and terri holler along . terri ' the pressure 's on I and you , the pressure 's on I and you . 's 135 136 70 . int . 12 jerusalem STREET - night 135 RUTH very tired - look be on the landing , listen to the party below . she turn towards the bedroom then change she mind and lift the lid off the laundry basket . she climb inside on the song 's final ' I and you 's . a beat . terri walk past and set a beer can on the laundry basket lid on he way to the toilet . int . 102 great victoria STREET - day 136 brian slap a pile of unfold ' pressure 's on 's sleeve on the counter . dave and the other rudi member be in attendance . brian how do you manage that ? terri what be you cry about , do not I say I would get you on tv ? brian aye , to promote the record . where 's the fuck record ? dave do you phone the plant ? terri ( vaguely ) that useless bastard ... brian when be you think of tell we there be a problem ? you know month ago we be go to be on . all you have to do be get the record out on time . terri all ? ( count on he finger ) I have the shop , the Harp , you lot , the outcast , bank manager breathe down my neck ... he run out of finger : on to the other hand . terri ( cont 'd ) and a wife who 's about to have a baby any day now . brian it be we big chance and you fuck it up . ( more ) 137 138 71 . brian ( cont 'd ) ( to rest of rudi ) come on to fuck out of this . they leave . terri grab he coat from the back of a chair , pull the chair over in the process . dave be you go after they ? terri be I fuck . I be go to the siouxsie gig . dave it be not for another six hour . terri I do not say straight to the siouxsie gig . he head for the door . dave you not be better go home first ? ' wife about to have a baby any day ’? int . 12 jerusalem STREET - evening 137 RUTH be read a book . tv on in the background . local early evening news . image of a body under a sheet in the middle of the street . newsreader ( 0.s. ) the prison officer 's murder have be claim by the ira in retaliation for what it call the inhuman treatment of they comrade in the maze prison . loyalist paramilitary , meantime , have threaten to step up they attack on the Catholic population ... RUTH start up . a pain . she feel she stomach . she cross the room and pick up the phone . 138 int . harp bar - evening PAT pick up the phone . 72 . PAT ( shout above the music ) terri ? you just miss he , love . he be here all afternoon . 139 int . 12 jerusalem STREET - evening 139 PAT ( 0.s. ) he say something about a interview . at that moment RUTH 's attention be draw back to the tv . newsreader ( 0.s. ) now , two year ago there be violent scene when London punk rock band the clash come to the Ulster Hall . tonight the venue play host to another London band , siouxsie and the banshee . have thing move on in the interim ? we reporter David capper be outside the hall with belfast 's own ' punk godfather 's terri hooley . 140 ext . ulster hall - evening 140 terri be half - cut . terri I have to laugh at the great and the good when they say the punk be a menace to society . we town be dead at night . they have bring life back to it . we should be thanking they instead of hassling they . this kid be not the problem for belfast . this kid be the solution . 141 int . 12 jerusalem STREET - evening 141 RUTH watch as terri get clap on the back from the solution to belfast 's problem . another stab of pain . she almost double over . her face register alarm . 142 int . ulster hall - night 142 terri stand in the wing , drink , listen to the gig . 143 144 145 146 147 73. int . 12 jerusalem STREET - night 143 RUTH be by the phone , clutching she stomach . she dial a number . it ring and ring and ring . RUTH oh , please , pick up . the phone keep ringing and , just when she be about to despair , be pick up . getty ( 0.s. ) hello ? RUTH getty ? be you not at the gig ? getty ( 0.s. ) well , I go , but I meet this girl in the queue and ... RUTH you have get to come and get I . getty ( 0.s. ) well ... RUTH getty , this baby 's come . sound of phone be drop at the other end of the line . int . ulster hall - night 144 after - show party in full swing : noise , ligger , terri in the midst of they tell siouxsie a story , which involve he swinging he fist . siouxsie crease up laugh . ext . belfast CITY centre - night 145 the all - new outcast van speed through the street . int . outcast van - night 146 RUTH be hang on , just . getty look from she to the road , to she , to the road ... getty just another couple of minute . I can see the gate . int . ulster hall - night 147 terri 's stand by himself , smile , sway . 148 149 150 74 . int . royal victoria hospital - night 148 RUTH push herself up on she elbow with a enormous yell . int . royal victoria hospital - night 149 curtain draw around the bed where RUTH sit sip a cup of tea . the baby be asleep in a hospital crib beside she . a nurse open curtain , a look of disapproval on she face . nurse someone to see you . she step aside . getty enter , shiver . if RUTH be disappointed she do not let it show . getty sorry , I fall asleep in the fuck van . RUTH put she finger to she lip . the nurse frown . getty do not quite know where to put himself . getty ( cont 'd ) so , be it all , you know , all right ? RUTH lean over and pull the crib blanket down a touch . RUTH a wee girl . getty peer in at she . getty what be you go to call she ? RUTH look at she daughter . RUTH I be think Anna . getty ( forget himself ) class ! short for anarchy ? the nurse tug the curtain shut . int . royal victoria hospital —- day 150 RUTH sleep . a moment more ; a moment more . she come awake , startle . terri sit in a chair at the side of the bed , wear the clothes he be wear the night before . 75 . RUTH how long have you be here ? terri ten minute . RUTH you should have wake I . terri sleep when the baby sleep , that 's what my mum say . the baby stir . terri and RUTH laugh at the coincidence . RUTH lift she . RUTH what do you think ? terri she 's like she mummy . she 's gorgeous . RUTH ( to baby ) this be you daddy . he 's a old charmer . ( to terri ) do you want to hold she ? terri ( almost recoil ) my hand be shaking too much . I would be afraid of drop she . RUTH try to disguise she hurt by fussing over the baby . terri ( cont 'd ) it 's just nerve . RUTH remain focus on baby . she 's think something over . and then the curtain open and greg , fang and lanky punk tumble in . greg hold up a bottle of cider . greg could not get the champagne , terri , but if you shake this it will pop to fuck . he start to shake it . fang meanwhile collect glass from the locker of neighbour bed . the nurse from night before reappear , angrier than ever . nurse right , right , out , all of you . she shove greg , fang and lanky punk up the ward . 76 . terri have get to he foot . RUTH catch hold of he sleeve . RUTH I can not believe you bring they with you . terri sure they be practically family . RUTH but they be not , terri . we be you family . ( shake she head ) I can not do this any more . I need to get out of belfast for a while . terri out of belfast ? RUTH a friend of Marilyn 's have a house in helen Bay . terri you tell I you be leave I ? RUTH I be tell you everything 's different now . I love be with you , but I be not afraid to do this on my own if I have to . terri you will not have to . from up the ward greg shout . greg terri ! terri ! the nurse return . nurse I need you to get that fella off the ward this minute . the baby be mewl . RUTH open she nightdress to feed she . terri ( mumble ) I have to go . RUTH you do . terri walk up the ward . near the end he stop and look back at RUTH and the baby . 151 152 153 77 . black int . oz magazine - day 151 1960s -vintage terri walk through the door in mid monologue straight to camera . terri I go to London , 1970 , no 69 , fuck it , whenever , tell the people at Oz they need a belfast correspondent , but they be not interested . two oz staff in school uniform rutting on a desk . 60 terri shake he head . int . belfast bar 152 back in the present a young female journalist hold a microphone under terri 's nose . terri and just when I turn to leave who come through the door ... as he say the name a teenage glass collector pass and mime it in perfect sync . terri ( cont 'd ) John Lennon . terri glance quickly over he shoulder . take a drink . carry on . terri ( cont 'd ) and here he be to I ... int . oz magazine - day 153 JOHN lennon in white suit and long beard stand before 60 terri . JOHN lennon terri , what 's go on over there in belfast , man ? terri ( v.o. ) here 's I , ' how long have you get , John ? 's 60 terri go into rant mode . JOHN lennon nod , and nod then he put he hand on terri 's shoulder . 154 155 156 157 158 78. terri ( v.o. ) and then he say ... int . belfast bar - night 154 another night . terri , the worse for drink , stand at the bar , hand on the shoulder of a young male journalist , who hold he notebook like a shield as he scribbles the line terri deliver straight into he face . terri ( as Lennon ) ' I know exactly what the people there need . 's ( hand off the journalist 's shoulder ; himself again ) I be think , brilliant , a load of free record ... dope ! int . lock - up garage - afternoon 155 a car boot be open to reveal a mini arsenal of gun and grenade . 60 terri look up from it in horror and turn to a now crop-haire , denim - clad JOHN lennon . terri what the fuck be this ? int . belfast bar - night 156 still another night . terri slam down a glass on the counter . no journalist now , no one but a man playing fruit machine , who nod distractedly as he pump more money in . terri I mean , what else could I do ? int . white piano room tittenhurst park - day 157 60 terri throw a punch that send imagine - era JOHN lennon sprawling against the white wall . int . belfast bar - night 158 fruit machine light flash : jackpot . man playing fruit machine have crouch to catch the coin that tumble out . terri be effectively talk to himself . he turn about , spy the phone on the wall , lift it and dial a number . 159 79 . RUTH ( 0.s. ) hello ? the beep sound : terri have to put money in . terri do not have the money to put in . he click he finger at the man playing fruit machine , who ignore he . the line go dead . int . helen BAY house - night 159 RUTH replace the receiver . she go to the bedroom door look in on the baby now several - month old : fast asleep . int . 12 jerusalem STREET - night 160 terri sit on the settee . then curl up and try to sleep . int . 102 great victoria STREET - day 161 terri look like shit . there be papers all over the counter . there be open drawer , box tip out on the floor . dave watch from the door . dave lose something ? terri pull open a drawer . the bill practically fly out . terri I would a big order from Sweden the other month . dave how much ? terri a bit over fifteen hundred quid . ( he spread out another bundle of paper on the counter ) they still have not pay I . dave have you not send thema reminder ? a solicitor 's letter . terri stop search finally , look at dave . terri I think I throw out the address . dave you think ? terri sort of know . 80 . dave Fifteen hundred quid ? terri actually , it might have be closer to seventeen ... - fifty . dave at once join in the search . he pull out a box , root around . pushes it back , pull out another . dave what 's this do here ? he turn with a padded envelope in one hand a tape box in the other . he read the label . dave ( cont 'd ) ' pressure 's on master 's ? terri grab it with both hand then remember himself . terri ( unconvincingly ) that 's the back -up . dave shake he head . dave fuck sake , terri . ext . 102 great victoria STREET - afternoon 162 terri and dave exit the building . a police land rover be park at the kerb . terri pull a fistful of bill from he pocket and throw they at the land rover . terri do you think if I be deal drug I have have all this ? the ruc men smirk . dave pull terri by the sleeve . int . harp bar - evening 163 dave and terri sit at a table with eight glass on it : two empty pint , two half - drunk , two just pour , and two brandy . terri swallow one of the half - drunk pint , set the glass with the other empty ( both , it should now be apparent he ) , pull a just - pour pint towards he . dave you be drink too much . terri Dave , I always drink too much . everybody we know drink too much . dave this be different . there 's something ... terri ( reach for a brandy ) something what ? dave you be carry on like one of led Zeppelin . terri stare . terri that 's low . another huge swallow of beer . terri ( cont 'd ) anything else you would like to say while you be about it ? dave I just think we have to try to keep thing together . terri do ' we ’? and will you tell we when we can have a piss , Dave , or scratch we fuck arse ? stalinist . dave look at he in disbelief . dave stalinist ? you dad 's right . terri what be you talk about , ‘my dad ’? dave ( a tremor in he voice ) you take too much on because you love the glory . you be not a socialist at all , you be a one - man fuck show . ( each letter a finger in terri 's face ) t-e-r-r-capital - i. 164 82. he get up and leave . terri watch he go then look down at the table . terri ( half turn ) you do not drink you brandy ! he move the glass so that Dave 's brandy and he own be line up in front of he . he lift the first . terri ( cont 'd ) ' from each accord to he ability .' ( drain glass , set it down , raise the next ) ' to each accord to he need . 's the second glass be drain . terri look at he watch . he go back up to the bar . int . harp bar —- much later 164 terri be still at the bar pay more attention to he pint than what 's go on behind he . a band play . there be the usual melee on the dance - floor , but there 's a edge to it now , more aggressive . something in the corner of the room catch terri 's eye . fang and lanky punk appear to be go through a pile of coat . terri set he glass down and walk over . terri you look for something ? they turn . lanky punk be clearly hide something under he jacket fang no , it 's all right . terri because it look to I as if you be thieve . fang swear to God , terri , we be not . terri say nothing , but neither do he move . lanky punk have no option . he glance round . lanky punk I be try to hide this he open he jacket to reveal a gun butt . terri pull the jacket shut for he . 83 . terri what the fuck be you do with that ? fang it 's not real . it 's only to scare people if they try to jump he . terri listen , I will give you the money for a taxi home . i’1l pay you taxi from now to Christmas , just do not bring that fuck thing out with you again . fang it 's not for get home . terri look at the dance - floor , he eye lighting , as though only just notice they , on one shave head after another . int . bank manager' office - day 165 the bank manager , sterner than he 's look before , be deliver bad news to a clammy , hang - over terri . bank manager you situation be really quite grave . it 's not just the over - draft - it 's the accrue interest from the original loan , it 's you tax return . I can not stress it enough - unless something big come up very soon you be in real danger of default . which be why I call you both here today . RUTH it be now apparent be in the room too , she seat a deliberate distance away from terri 's . she look at the bank manager , perplex , then at terri . bank manager ( cont ’d ) ah. int . bank corridor - day 166 RUTH push open a door , walk fast . a beat then terri appear . terri Ruth ! she run . terri run too . he catch up with she as she be about to pull the gate on a antique lift . terri step in . 84 . int . lift - continuous 167 RUTH the house ? she press the button for ground floor . they be squeeze tightly together : nose to nose . not much more room than they would have in a bin . they start they descent . RUTH ( cont 'd ) for god 's sake , terri . why do not you tell I ? I believe in you . I be there every step of the way . what make you think I would not have go along with that too ? terri it be one moment . I just do it . I be not think . I never think . the same as with Big time - I just do it . same as with the tour - I just do it . the Harp , teenage kick - I just do it . it 's how I operate . it 's who I be . and you know what - I have not do too badly . RUTH open you eye , terri . the lift shudder to a halt : ground floor RUTH pull open the door and walk out . terri be leave contemplate the full - length mirror she be stand in front of : he 's a absolute mess . the lift start go down . no floor below ' ground 's , but still it go down , and down , darker and darker . terri stare at he reflection . grotesque . int . 102 great victoria STREET - night 168 terri sit alone stare at the picture of he from the magazine , or it stare at he . sonny bono , ' laugh at mo on the record player . he be shitface . a noise . he look up . mutt and hatchet stand there . mutt we see you light on . terri I think I tell you be bar . 85 . mutt ignore he . hatchet be pick up record , look at they , and toss they over he shoulder . terri ( cont 'd ) go , on , fuck off , find a couple of old lady to frighten . mutt you be very funny . be not he , hatchet ? be not he very funny ? hatchet grunt . mutt ( cont 'd ) actually , this be a business call . I and hatchet 's in a band now . be not we hatchet ? hatchet grunt again . mutt ( cont 'd ) tight wee unit . hatchet snigger . mutt ( cont 'd ) fuck sake , hatchet , behave . ( to terri ) think you might be interested in we demo tape . we be go to call it ' the only good wog 's a Dead wog’ , then we think ' the only good taig 's , but then we think ' the only good one 's a Dead one 's cover pretty much everything . terri I have sooner sell bog roll than Nazi shite like that . for all he bravado , he be scared here . he be edging as he speak - and as well as someone so shitface can edge - towards the door . hatchet bar the way . mutt you 'il sell what I tell you to sell . I be use to get my own way . ask the fella you use to say would put I to bed . he stick the head in terri . hatchet weigh in . a flurry of kick and punch . when it be finish mutt lean over terri . mutt ( cont 'd ) you make such a big deal about not let I in here . ( more ) 170 86 . mutt ( cont 'd ) and look at it . it 's fuck all . you be fuck all . you fuck lose . hatchet pull a record rack over on top of terri , who have not move since the beat end . mutt leave ; hatchet deliver a final kick to the head . int . terri 's world - night and day jumbled together 169 the music be distort become the soundtrack as hatchet 's kick to the head take we - as in scene 2 - on a accelerate journey into terri 's world , not the future this time , but the past , a collapse together of many of the moment that have make up the film , as far back as child terri , with he turntable , stick he head above the hedge , intersperse with light and loom face - doctor , GEORGE , mavis - and a single word , repeat : mavis ( 0.s. ) open you eye . int . hooley family home - day 170 Black . mavis ( 0.s. ) open you eye . Black , a moment more . mavis ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) very funny . the other one . terri open he see eye . mavis stand before he , a bottle of surgical spirit and a wad of cotton wool in she hand . terri be seat at the table , on the mend , but still batter - look . mavis ( cont 'd ) that must have be some door ? what be it , a car ferry ? mavis minister to a few more of he bruise and abrasion . mavis ( cont ’d ) I do not suppose there 's any point I mention the police . terri they have want to buy the door a drink . 171 87 . mavis have tilt he face up and be look into it . mavis I never know a wee boy as bad at keep he head out of harm 's way . people use to tell I I be lucky , girl be the hard one to raise . you cause I more anxiety grow up than a whole hockey team . terri well I would like to meet this hockey team to discuss it ... mavis bat he , absentmindedly . terri wince . mavis you be a marry man . ( beat ) suppose to be . suddenly irritate she go to the window . she rap the glass . hard . mavis ( cont ’d ) where be that man ? I tell he ten minute ago he tea be ready . it will be stone cold . terri get up take the cup from the countertop . ext . hooley family home - day 171 the back garden : small but ingeniously plant for maximum yield and colour . GEORGE straighten from a flowerbed as terri approach . they sit on a small bench . terri Garden 's look well . GEORGE that 's what all the dirty work in winter 's for . terri look down at the mug . he 's almost forget he be hold it . terri here . GEORGE do you mother send you out with that ? 172 88. terri I think I better offer before she put the window in . she be get herself work up about I and Ruth . GEORGE she have very strong view on marriage . she would not have stay with I all this year otherwise . they sit on a small bench . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) remember that dig you have at I about all that election terri Da , I be sorry ... GEORGE it be not ten , it be twelve . the return officer use to say if I be a horse they have have shot I after the sixth . but do you know what ? I have friend and comrade live all over he city . and do you know what else ? in every election I increase my vote . terri 's gaze be lock on he father 's face . he look as though he might hug GEORGE , but GEORGE , unaware of this ( or perhaps not so ) choose this moment to empty he tea leave on to the flowerbed . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Victory do not always look the way other people imagine it . int . 102 great victoria STREET - evening 172 rudi member slouch against the wall nearest the door . dave stand only a few foot further in , arm fold tight . terri at moment in this scene be pick thing up off the floor , the counter : a physical counterpart to he verbal attempt to set thing straight . terri all right . a few apology be in order . rudi and dave look like they agree . terri ( cont 'd ) Brian , you want to start ? 89 . expectation turn to confusion on brian 's face . terri ( cont 'd ) I be only mess you . ( beat ) Dave ? dave open he mouth to protest . terri do not let he . terri ( cont 'd ) listen , I will hold my hand up , I have take my eye off the ball , but we have not time for argue . it 's time to focus . we have a gig to organise . brian a gig ? terri a good vibration gig . dave a fundraiser ? terri yeah , a fundraiser . dave no harm to you , terri , but unless you be charge a hundred quid a head I think it 's maybe go beyond a night at the Harp . terri who say anything about the Harp ? dave the pound then ... ( terri be smile : not the pound either ) the student 's Union ? terri try ' Ulster Hall 's . brian Ulster Hall ? terri why not ? dave because the Ulster Hall hold two thousand people . 173 174 90 . terri I know how many it hold , I have be in it often enough . dave take a deep breath . dave ok , ok , we call in favour - we get siouxsie back to headline . fuck it , we call the clash , stiff Little finger ... terri Fucking showband . we do not need they . it 's a good vibration gig , it 'il be good vibration band . dave ( whisper ) terri , we be talk two thousand people . be realistic . terri what , like you be realistic when you bring I round this place ? as he speak , the record rack disappear . dave and terri stand in the derelict building . they look at one another . a beat . and they have return to good vibration . terri - still set thing straight - pull the german magazine cover from the wall . dave how many poster do you think you will need ? ext . belfast street — day 173 brian be poster . greg be poster ; so too fang , getty , ronnie , lanky punk , and terri of course . he stand before a wall with not and shankill skin scrawle on it . he slap a poster over the top . ' outcast . moondog , ruefrex , rudi , Big self , 's it read , ' 24th April 1980 , Ulster Hall . 's ext . belfast STREET - later 174 RUTH be push a buggy . she pass a wall with good vibration poster . she stop . look . the poster have be paste up in such a way that they spell out the word live . 175 91 . int . ulster hall - evening 175 a hand flick a light switch , then another , then another , and another . one by one the light come up on the Ulster Hall . which be empty . terri stand on the edge of the stage . he look worried . dave walk out behind he . dave where the fuck be everyone ? terri it all be all right . they 's 1l come . dave we have hardly sell a ticket . ronnie have wander on stage . he sing into the microphone , to the tune of ' pressure 's on’ , and mostly tongue in cheek . ronnie ( tongue in cheek , mostly ) well you fuck up that , and you fuck up this , so fuck know , terri , why we be do this ... a door open at the far end of the hall . a bald , bearded figure in a blazer come walk towards they . terri and dave peer at he , look of recognition and disbelief . ronnie have spot the figure now as well . ronnie ( cont 'd ) it 's John fuck peel . terri and dave get down from the stage . JOHN peel always nice to get the full name . terri I can not believe you come . JOHN peel you give I the best two minute and twenty - eight second of my life , how could I not come ? I be just glad I get here in one piece . dave Rough journey ? 92 . JOHN peel oh , no , the flight be fine . I mean get through the door of this place . ( see terri and dave 's blank look ) you mean you have not have a look out the front ? 176 ext . ulster hall - evening 176 terri , dave , and JOHN peel at a upstairs window look down on a street thronge with punk and overstretch ruc men . terri do not I tell you ? dave ( find the cloud in the silver lining ) fuck , I hope they be go to let this go ahead . 177 int . foyer ulster hall - night 177 a trickle of punk be be let in . the combine might of the door staff and the ruc can barely hold back that still outside . terri remonstrate with front of house manager . terri can you not just throw the door open ? front of house manager I would be within my rights to shut they altogether . half of they be full drunk and the other half be try to run in without pay . fang force he way to the fore of the crowd at the door . fang terri ! a ruc man push he back with a hand in the face . terri hold on . he 's on the guest - list . ( to fang ) come on , move you arse . fang what about my mate ? terri hurry up . 178 179 93. terri wave they through too : about a dozen in all . hand shoot up here there and everywhere at the door . punk terri ! terri ! be I on the list ? terri look at the front of house manager ; he look at the BOX office staff , wait by they till . he look back at the door , the ruc men , the wave hand of punk outside . terri ( shout ) do not worry , you will all get in . the front of house manager walk away . int . backstage ulster hall - night 178 sound of ruefrex from the stage . ronnie watch in the wing . brian practice lick on he unplugge guitar . nearby JOHN peel talk to getty , whose interest be tear between peel and pink-haire punk girl across the room . JOHN peel what amaze I be that punk have more or less die out everywhere else ... getty you around after the show , John ? ( head for the girl ) I ' 1l buy you a pint . JOHN peel ( to thin air . ) yeah , buy I a pint . int . foyer ulster hall - night 179 the logjam at the door have be break . a few punk be show ticket at the box office . many more be walk straight in , past the ruc men , past terri . int . ulster hall - night 180 rudi leave the stage , elate . greg wait to go on . greg cheer for warming they up . ronnie scowl . the hall be so full now there be punk on stage . there be ruc men too in the shadow at the very back . 94 , to a huge ovation , JOHN peel appear and eventually speak . JOHN peel you be a good audience . people always say belfast be the best audience . and now here 's you best band - the outcast . outcast come run on . greg right , this one 's for everybody 's favourite people in the world . rudi 's already give you a song about they . this one 's call ' the bastard be come 's . they launch into ' the cop be come 's and JOHN peel be right , they do sound finally like the best band in belfast . punk on stage bait the ruc who do nothing ; nothing at all . int . foyer ulster hall - night 181 ' the cop be come 's be thudding through the wall . dave and front of house manager be deep in conversation . neither look happy . int . ulster hall - night 182 the outcast be finish ' self - conscious over you '. getty 's shirt be off ; greg 's grin be broad than ever . greg and now I would like to welcome on stage the man who make all this possible ... terri 's name be lose in the roar as he walk out from the wing ' outcast 's across the back of he leather jacket . fang grab the mike from greg . fang terri be we leader , terri be we leader , to -na - to - to ... terri take the mike from he . he be barely audible above the stomping and whistling . terri no leader ! no godfather ! a kind of quiet return . terri breathes deeply , scan the face . 95 . terri ( cont 'd ) thank you for come . when I look out at you all gather here it confirm something that I have always feel : New York have the haircut , London have the trousers , but belfast have the reason . good vibration be not a record shop , it be not a label , it 's a way of life . 183 int . backstage ulster hall - moment later 183 tumult out front . terri run offstage triumphant . dave be wait for he , fume . terri be not it incredible . dave it 's fuck unbelievable . terri ( oblivious ) the best night ever . dave terri , we have make a loss . we have pack out the Ulster Hall and we have somehow make a fuck loss . you man at the front say you have the longest guest list in the hall 's entire history , longer than all the other guest list put together . and all of it apparently carry in you head . he have be get closer and closer to terri . his hand suddenly shoot out and grab terri by the throat . dave ( cont 'd ) terri , the whole point of tonight be to raise money . terri ( try to prise open Dave 's finger ) no , Dave , it be not . not the whole point . money could not buy what we have just do . he finally succeed in loosen Dave 's grip . gasp . terri ( cont 'd ) we have take back belfast tonight . 184 96 . the chant be get louder . terri 's name . dave finally hear it . with a flash of the outcast on he jacket , terri go to run back on stage and run straight into RUTH . she 's hear everything . RUTH you and you guest list . terri look shameface . terri I be sorry . RUTH about what ? the house ? sure it 's only brick . the chant from the crowd be louder still . RUTH ( cont 'd ) you be want . ( jab a finger into he chest ) but you still owe I forty quid . she walk away . terri go to speak , but there be nothing to say . he run on . int . ulster hall - night 184 rudi and the other band have join the outcast on stage . terri we be all go to do a old sonny bono number , because we fuck can . and they fuck play ' laugh at I 's terri / outcasts/rudi why can not I be like any guy , why do they try to make I run , son of a gun now , what do they care about the clothes I wear , why get they kick from make fun ... terri 's eye light on RUTH , dance on she own . terri / outcast / rudi ( cont 'd ) this world 's get a lot of space and if they do not like my face it be not I that 's go anywhere , no . so I do not care , then laugh at I , if that 's the fare I have to pay to be free ... 97 . greg drape a arm around terri . terri glance to he right and instead of greg it 's hank william , he rhinestone suit replace by a studd jacket . terri carry on sing . terri / outcast /rudi ... hank then laugh at I , and I will cry for you and I will pray for you and I nil do all the thing that the man upstairs say to do , I 'il do they I ’1l1 do they all for you ... terri look at hank , who nod . terri dive on to the outstretch arm . caption : caption : caption : caption : caption : caption : caption : good vibration close in 1982 reopen in 1984 close in 1991 reopen in 1992 close in 2002 reopen in 2004 terri still have not have he sign photo of the shangri-las .