good luck chuck by josh stolberg numbered Sixth draft by josh stolberg ( July 21 , 2005 ) foreigner 's " feel like the first time " serenade we , as we ... fade in : ext . suburban home - le mesa , san diego - dusk 1 super : '' 1981 '' two eager and anxious 10 - year- old make they way up the path to the front step . meet skinny charlie kagan , and he best friend , the portly stu klaminsky . they each carry gift . Charlie 's present be meticulously wrap with bow and ribbon ... stu 's be cobble together with newspaper and duct tape . stu ( excited ) Seven minute in heaven ! what could be better than seven minute in heaven ? charlie eight minute in heaven ? ( off stu 's look ) what ? stu try not to embarrass I , okay ? charlie ( grab he friend 's arm ) wait , stuey , run it by I again ... ( cram ) second base be boob . Inside or outside the shirt ? stu Inside , man . and third base be finger ! charlie finger ? stu or thumb . charlie I should have write this down . ( head spin ) boob , finger , thumb ... so , what the heck be first base ? stu kiss . charlie so I have go to first base with my Mom ? stu tongue kissing . charlie oh , okay , get it . and a home run ? ( stu give he a look ) duh , I know what a home run be . ( then ) anything else I need to know ? stu a intentional walk be a kiss on the cheek . rain delay be when grow - up interrupt you in the middle of you game . and a inside the park home run be a blowjob . they arrive on the doorstep . charlie what 's a blowjob ? stu ( without miss a beat as he ring the bell ) I have no idea . but I overhear my dad say that he get one once a year on he birthday so it must be good . britta cooksey , a prepubescent peach , open the door . charlie happy birthday , britta . britta ( pleased ) hi , Charlie . ( flat ) stu . ( sultry smile ) c’mon , party 's downstairs ... in the basement . she wink conspiratorially . off Charlie and stu 's look ... int . basement - a little later 2 olivia newton -john moan the lyric to '' physical '' as we go close on a spinning bottle . pull out as the bottle slow and come to a stop , point to a little blonde pixie name jennifer . stu throw up he hand in triumph ! the party -goer shriek with glee . stu you. me. closet . Seven minute . Heaven . Jennifer look like she just receive a death sentence . as she and stu walk toward the closet , we catch Charlie eyeing the birthday girl in rhapsody . he awkwardly smile at she . we rack -focus to discover another little girl catch the look . she 's a goth girl outcast and have not take she eye off Charlie all evening . she just stare while finger a wicca-style pentagram necklace that hang around she neck . it 's a little creepy . a couple of the school - kid snicker and lock stu and Jennifer inside the closet . int . oversize closet - continuous 3 stu start to saunter over to Jennifer , attempt he best James Dean ( but come off more like porky pig ) . jennifer stop. ( open the negotiation ) okay , I 'il tell everybody we kiss if you stand on that side of the closet and do not touch I . stu deal . if you say we do the nasty . jennifer I will say you touch my breast . stu say I touch you '' down there '' . jennifer I ’'1l say you touch I '' down there '' ... but over my pants . 's tu deal . pleasure do business with you . they both sit on opposite side of the closet and wait for time to expire . int . basement - six and a half minute later 4 close on a bottle -- a little hand come into frame and grab it . pull back to reveal that it 's Charlie 's turn to spin . he look around the circle , zeroing in on britta . stu wait . stu pull Charlie aside and whisper to he . stu ( cont would ) who be you aim for ? charlie ( swoon ) the birthday girl . stu you take wind speed into account ? Charlie glance up to see the spin ceiling fan . he nod . charlie wind speed , contour of the bottle , friction resistance ... ( then ) how do it go with Jennifer ? stu blowjob . I / x11 tell you about it later . the boy head back to the circle and Charlie carefully spin the bottle . it turn . and turn . and turn . slow as it reach britta cooksey . yes. closer . closer . nooooooooo !!!!! it just miss she and spin past . and point directly at the goth girl . Charlie smile uncomfortably . she just stare ... int . closet - moment later 5 we hear the terrifying click of the door locking behind they as bauhaus 's '' bela lugosi 's Dead '' play . the goth girl stare at Charlie . charlie stop stare . you be freaking I out . goth girl I be look at you ' cause I like you , Charlie . it 's okay . c’mon . you can do what you want . charlie that 's okay . I be kind of ... new at this . ( awkward shrug ) rookie. ( awkward beat ) that 's a baseball term . goth girl ( abrupt ) let I see you penis . Charlie start to stumble back as goth girl approach . goth girl ( cont would ) what 's the matter ? do not you want I ? she pull off her shirt , revealing a leather training bra . charlie ( loudly ) oh , my God ! ext . closet - continuous 6 outside the door , the kid listen with amusement . stu that be quick ... int . closet - continuous 7 goth girl be all over he now . kiss he . charlie wait , I can not breathe . he push she off . black lipstick smear all over he face . goth girl I love you , Charlie . I have love you since third grade . charlie you be scare I . Charlie stumble back . pull himself up on clothes hang in the closet . goth girl so you like to play hard to get ? she rip he shirt open . charlie back off ! goth girl I read in my Mom 's cosmo ... this be suppose to increase pleasure ... she pounce , she fingernails scrape down he chest . he scream in pain , try to crawl from under she . goth girl ( cont would ) do not worry , this be my first time , too . charlie first time what ? killing ? goth girl no , silly . make love . now relax . she awkwardly twist he nipples . Charlie scream . charlie ow ! you freak !! he buck she off he and run at the closet door , breaking through the shutter panel . ext . closet - continuous 8 Charlie fall to the ground , surround by kid look on in shocked amusement . the goth girl step out and angrily glare at he . goth girl Charlie kagan , you be not my boyfriend anymore . stu we interrupt this news report to bring you the follow information -- no duhi goth girl stand above Charlie , who struggle to stand . goth girl I hex you ! charlie you what ? goth girl I hex you . you will never be happy ! stu right on . turn he into a toad ! the goth girl spin on Charlie , possess . she spit a curse at he . goth girl ( possess ) around you love will fall like rain , but you sha not hold it - you heart will pain . once the girl have be with you , to the next she will be true . stu be that phil Collins ? Charlie be finally stand , but goth girl push he back into the closet again and exit . storage box rain on top of Charlie . stu rush into the closet and look down at the still - terrify Charlie . stu ( cont would ) what happen ? do you thumb she ? off Charlie 's scar - for-life look , we ... dissolve to : ext . san diego beach - night 9 the ocean water shimmer in the moonlight . two lover kiss passionately by the shore . super : '' present '' reveal charlie ( now 30 ) and carol , he current girlfriend . Charlie have a boyish charm and a infectious grin . he 's the kind of friend who would donate he liver so you could have another drink . Charlie pull up for air . charlie you be amazing . carol ( mischievous ) now , Charlie ... be you just try to get I into bed ? charlie forget bed . I be try to get you into sand . she lean back and pull he down onto the wet beach . clothes be tear off . both be completely naked . it 's the NC - 17 version of '' from here to eternity '' . charlie ( cont have ) um ... this be a public beach . Carol disappear below frame . Charlie moan . charlie ( cont have ) oh , my God ... Carol . carol I love you . Charlie be silent . she repeat it , in case he do not hear . carol ( cont would ) I love you . Charlie do not respond . Carol surface . carol ( cont would ) I love you , Charlie . charlie that 's ... nice . carol that 's '' nice '' ?! I be lick sand off you ball and you say , '' that 's nice '' ? charlie no , I say '' oh , my God '' about that . believe I , it be a very enthusiastic '' oh , my God '' . Carol stand up and grab she clothes . charlie ( cont have ) I love ... that you love I . carol that 's pathetic . Carol start to walk away . Charlie cover he groin with he shirt and chase she down the beach . charlie wait , I feel very strongly for you . she keep walk , faster now . he stumble behind . charlie ( cont would ) I be sorry , I just do not think the '' L '' word should be throw around casually , that 's all . carol the '' L '' word . what be you , eight ? charlie '' Love . '' okay , '' love . '' it should not be bandy about . carol how about the '' F '' word ? and the '' U " word ? without look back , she walk away down the beach . 10 11 10 . defeat , Charlie walk back to the spot where they undress . he look for he pants -- but they have washed away in the wave . ext . beach parking lot - moment later 10 a soaking wet Charlie , still hold he shirt over himself , approach he car in the empty parking lot . locked ! damn . as he play with the door , a siren whirs and light flash . a police car stop in front of he . a butch female police officer get out of the car and call to he over the loudspeaker . police officer ( loudspeaker ) put you hand up where I can see they . Charlie awkwardly start to raise he hand ( and the shirt cover himself ) . police officer ( loudspeaker ) ( cont would ) down ! put you hand back down ! int . build lobby - day 11 Charlie and stu ( now 30 ) grab drink from a coffee cart by the pharmacy of Charlie 's building . stu have become a plastic surgeon . he be a nerd as a kid , and success have now make stu a nerd with too much money . he have a little dry blood on he jacket . charlie you go to Katie 's wedding next week ? stu do bridesmaid give head in the coat room ? do you know how easy it be to score at a wedding ? charlie have you ever score at a wedding ? 11 . stu ( defensive ) I be pace myself . ( then ) hey , be it weird that you be dating Katie six month ago and now she 's marrying a doctor . charlie I 'ma doctor . stu he 's a heart surgeon ; you be a dentist . it 's like say General patton and Colonel mustard be both military man . charlie I be think that this might be the last conversation we ever have . so if there 's anything you want to tell I , now be definitely the time . stu you mother suck a mean cock . ( without miss a beat ) you go to the wedding with Carol ? charlie Nah . we break up three week ago . stu why do not you tell I ? charlie I do . Three time . stu she be so into you , man . charlie yeah , I just -- I do not know what 's wrong with I . I want love . I want to fall in love , but ... stu Chuck , love be not a four letter word . 12 12 . charlie actually , it be . ( change the subject ; be : stu 's clothes ) why be you always spackle in blood ? stu hey , breast reconstruction be a messy job . they step into the elevator to head up to they office . charlie ( thoughtful ) do see breast every day ... you know ... stu that 's disgusting . i’1l have you know that I be a professional . a beat . then , unable to hold it , stu laugh loudly . the door close on he laugh . int . hallway - office build - moment later 12 they get out of the elevator and move to they separate office . stu 's sign read : '' dr . stuart klaminsky -- reconstructive surgery '' . Charlie 's read : '' dr . charle kagan ; dds '' . the two best friend be literally across the hallway from each other . a gigantically buxom blonde approach stu 's office . buxom blonde hi , Dr. stu. she disappear inside . stu ( sly whisper ) I have jerk off to she x-ray . charlie I hope you find the time to write to I from Hell . just then , a large black woman ( imagine if Queen latifah eat Oprah ) open Charlie 's door from the inside . this be reba , he office manager / secretary . 13 13. reba Dr. Charlie , you be five minute late . you have get four filling , three cleaning , two crown , and a canal . you have get too many patient and I have get too little patience for you to be gab gossip with Dr. boobjob in the hallway . stu hi , reba , nice to see you . reba do not acknowledge he . she start back in , but suddenly spin on stu . reba be you just look at my tit ? stu what ? no. reba because I be more than happy with what the Lord almighty give I . and if you do not want I to squash you like the bug that you be -- stu ( actually scared ) I promise . I be not look at -- reba hold up a finger , silencing he . temporarily satisfied , she walk back in the office , drag Charlie back inside with she . int . exam room - moment later 13 Charlie wash he hand as he dental intern hover over a beautiful patient , tracey , with the suction . charlie hi , I be Charlie . tracey gurgle a greeting . Charlie roll over in he chair and gently adjust he assistant 's technique . charlie ( cont would ) easy with the suction there . we want saliva , not she spleen . Charlie smile warmly down at tracey and take over . 14 14 . charlie ( cont have ) so , you lose a cap ? tracey chew ice . ( boldly flirty ) my shrink say I have a oral fixation . charlie ( amiably evasive ) my shrink say I need to stop dating my patient . tracey sound like we both need to fire we shrink . off she suggestive smile , we ... CUT to : int . tracey 's apartment - morning 14 Charlie and tracey be in the throw of a sweaty and deafen love-make session . she be yell so loudly that it 's become embarrassing . Charlie try to inconspicuously cover he ear with he pillow . a car alarm go off outside . finally , the locomotive reach the station and the two be silent in bed for a few moment . charlie my ear be ringing . beat . tracey I have be dishonest with you . charlie you fake it ? tracey yes , but that 's not what I be talk about . Charlie sit up . '' huh ? '' tracey ( cont would ) I seek you out . last week . ( off he confuse look ) ( more ) 15 . tracey ( cont have ) I work at the hospital and you date two of my friend . Amy from radiology and penny from trauma . charlie I do not realize that they be such big fan . well , I hope we last longer than I do with they . tracey yeah , about that ... I be afraid this be it . Charlie take this in . he be genuinely hurt . charlie wow ... I must really suck . tracey no , you be good . really . charlie be that why you fake it ? tracey sorry . Force of habit . unlucky in love , I guess . ( off he doe - eye face ) you want to give it another shot ? Charlie , still take aback , offer up a dispirite shrug . she kiss and gently snuggle into he . charlie so ... how be the girl ? tracey married . charlie both of they ? ( she nod ) I date penny like last year . tracey ( nodd ) she meet some Prince while vacation in cabo . charlie jeez , feel like everybody be get marry . ( suddenly panicked ) ( more ) 15 16 . charlie ( cont would ) you be still my date for the wedding , be not you ? I really do not want to show up at my old girlfriend 's wedding fly solo . tracey ( playful nod ) but only because I break you heart . he smile , partially placate . charlie ( try to gain face ) I think it 's only fair to let you know ... I fake it , too . int . country club - a little later 15 the reception be in full swing . drink , dance , eat . a eighty -year-old woman finish off a gut - wrenchingly horrific rendition of '' oops , I do it again '' before the cheesy d.j. cut she off . d.jd . thank you , grandma Loretta . up next we have uncle Murray sing '' darling nikki '' . yes ... it be a karaoke wedding -- God help we all ! in the far corner ( furthest from the speaker ) , stu hover next to Charlie . stu listen , you be my wing -man . if the blonde ask , I be a multi - billionaire who invent ketchup . if it 's the redhead , I write '' we be the World '' . and if it 's that cheerleader hottie , my penis be in the guinness Book of World record . girth , not length ... I want it to sound believable . Charlie nod without listen . he 's too busy watch tracey chat it up with the best man . a beauty in a bridesmay dress walk by . stu smile . stu ( cont have ) batter up ! 17 . he follow she off , as the bride , katie , sidle up next to Charlie . she kiss he on the cheek as uncle Murray grind the stage floor . charlie you look great . katie so do you . ( look around ) see anyone ? Charlie point toward tracey in the corner . charlie we be get serious . Katie look over just as tracey inhale the best man 's tongue . charlie ( cont have ) ( backpedal ) and at the same time , we try to give each other we space . Katie look at Charlie , sadly . katie I worry about you sometimes , Chuck . always a bridesmay , never a bride . charlie it 's probably best . White make my calve look thick . katie ( touch he hand ) joke all you want . '' the door to the human heart can only be open from the inside . '' ( off he look ) dorky , definitely . but also true . charlie how about '' it 's better to have love and lose than never to have love at all . '' katie I 'il buy that when you can honestly tell I that you have love . 16 18. charlie ( nod ) touche 's . katie I just want to see you happy , chuckle . on stage -- uncle Murray throw out he hip . as he 's help off the stage , the d.j. amp up the crowd . d.d. attention hot mama ! if we could have all the single lady out on the dance floor for the toss of the bride 's bouquet . Charlie watch on , amused . he notice that he tracey be still in the far corner , flirt with the best man . he look a little hurt . a drum -roll start as Katie tease all the single lady with the bouquet . d.j. ( cont have ) and the next lucky lady be ... Katie throw the bouquet high in the air . a few of kid jump for they -- the flail hand knocking the flowers back into the AIR . the bouquet fly up and hit a revolve fan in the ceiling , shoot the bundle directly into the hand of tracey . surprise , she hold they up . int . country club - reception - a little later 16 the party have calm and dinner be almost digested . Charlie sit at a table with several pretty , single girl . a couple of chair be vacant -- include the one for he date , who be nowhere to be find . on stage -- a eight - year - old flower girl sing '' Brick House '' in the key of '' q '' . Charlie and one of the woman be in mid-conversation . pretty girl # 3 I have rather have a twelve- hour colonoscopy than get my tooth clean . I hate dentist . 19 . Charlie attempt he best friendly smile . at the other end of the room ( and not a minute too soon ) , there be a clink of glass -- all eye look to the head table . Katie stand and address she friend and family . katie I just want to thank everybody for come to share this day with we . ( look to she husband ) han , you make my heart soar . I could not imagine be happier than I be right now . a groomsman call out from the table ... groomsman wait till tonight , sweetheart . the crowd chuckle . Katie raise she glass . katie I know it 's a little unorthodox but I would also like to propose a toast . to Charlie kagan . Charlie be surprised to hear he name call . Katie wink at he . katie ( cont have ) thank you , Charlie , for be my lucky charm . there be a confuse smatter of applause as everyone drink : '' to Charlie '' . Charlie do not drink , try to figure out what the hell she 's talk about . one of the girl at he table look at he with interest . pretty girl # 2 you be that Charlie ? charlie what Charlie ? pretty girl # 2 ( cover ) that Charlie that 's a ... dentist . Charlie give she a '' huh '' look . we see pretty girl # 2 whisper to # 3 . in response , she chortle out loud . 20 . pretty girl # 3 yeah , right ! what -ever . Charlie give they all a look -- something be weird . suddenly , directly behind Charlie , a busboy and a guest collide . crash ! a fly wine bottle almost decapitate he . Charlie look up to find cameron wexler -- perky , cute and a klutz in the most adorable sense . she now wear a fair amount of red wine on she white jacket . cameron ( without miss a beat ) table five ? Charlie nod and offer she he napkin to dry she jacket . cameron embarrassingly mouth '' thank you '' and sit . cameron ( cont would ) ( to Charlie ; touch of irony ) so , do I miss anything ? as she hear the answer , she busy herself by crossing out the '' eron '' on she table name card . charlie let 's see : to have and to hold , love , respect , I do , I do , you may kiss the bride , chicken or fish , the first dance to a rendition of '' I will always Love you '' that be just plain wrong , white cake , raspberry fill , champagne , and ... that 's about it . cam turn and accidentally knock she fork on the floor . she pick it up and blow on it , dusting it off . the karaoke kick in again make it almost impossible to hear the rest of the table . but they do not seem to mind . cam I be cam . I go to college with the bride . charlie Charlie . use to date the bride . 21 . cam I , too . ( the table blanch ) well , it be a one - time only experimental thing in college . and the experiment go horribly awry . ( a sip of champagne ) we could not stop giggle . cam look Charlie over . cam ( cont have ) you be not really she type . charlie I be think the same about you . cam oh , the lesbian thing do not take . now I only giggle with boy . ( then ) you gonna eat that ? Charlie shake he head and push he untouched piece of wedding cake toward she . charlie so , who be you here with ? cam no one . ( mock offense ) what be you try to say ? charlie please , my date go home with the best man . ( off she look ) what do you do ? cam I run the penguin habitat at Sea World . charlie seriously ? cam no. I be a serial killer and my m.o. be that I kill people with my kung - fu grip . ( off Charlie 's smile ) what do you do ? 22 . charlie dentist . not quite as intrigue as '' serial killer '' . he deftly slide she he card . cam ( off the card ) well , at least you get this . we homicidal maniac do not usually carry business card . she finish off the last bite of he cake , then reach for tracey 's uneaten slice . as she lean over , she accidentally dump a large BOWL of water filled with floating candle into Charlie 's lap . he jump back , in pain from the liquid wax . charlie ( jump around ) ahhh . hot. cold . hot. cold . cam I be so sorry . thoroughly embarrassed , cam help Charlie clean up the mess . they both sit down -- Charlie squishing into he chair . awkward moment . a little smile come over cam 's face . cam ( cont no ) the way you just react to that ... it totally remind I of someone . ( search she mind ) I can not place it . it 's right there on the tip of my tongue . ( then ) oh , yeah , now I remember ... ( off he skeptical look ) -..a six - year- old girl . Charlie nod a '' thank you '' , take the dig like a man . stu walk right over to cam , cockily grin from ear to ear . stu well , here I be ... what be you other two wish ? charlie ( awkward aside ) um ... if you have not notice , I be in the middle of flirt with Ms. wexler . 23. 's tu if you have not notice , she dumped a centerpiece in you lap . take the hint . ( turn to cam ) hi , I be Dr. Stuart klaminsky . but you can call I Dr. stu . ( see she wine stain ) you know , club soda and salt will get that out . Charlie continue the introduction ... charlie cam , stu. stu , cam. ( to cam ) stu know about stain because he 's always cover in blood . cam you a serial killer , too ? stu reconstructive surgeon . ( false modesty ) if someone have a accident or be bear with a deformity , I be there to help . charlie and by deformity , he mean '' small breast '' . stu ( to cam ) he 's jealous because he clean plaque all day while I be make the world a better place . charlie because God know , what this world need be another stripper with boob bigger than she head . ( turn to cam ) would you like to dance ? cam ( teasing ; be : stu ) it look like you dance card be already full . charlie maybe later ? 17 18 24 . cam sorry . it be nice meeting you ... both . cam wave to a good-look man at another table and make a quick exit . Charlie turn on stu with a '' what the hell be wrong with you '' look . but he ignore it , look up at the other woman at the table . stu hey , be you lady familiar with the guinness Book of World record ? the cheesy karaoke song be sung on stage cross - — dissolves into a cheesy elevator musak rendition , as we ... cur to : int . dental office lobby - the next day 17 Charlie stride into work . as he enter he lobby , he see a dozen or so woman wait . upon closer inspection he notice that two of they be from he wedding table . what the hell ?!? pretty girl # 1 good morning , Doctor . I think I have a cavity . pretty girl # 2 shrug , '' I , too . '' as he walk slowly toward he office , we see that many more of the woman be vaguely familiar -- most be guest at the wedding . int . stum office - later 18 Charlie enter stu 's wait room and approach the desk . charlie hi , Sharon . I need to see stu right away ! from the back , we hear stu ... stu ( 0.s . ) yo , Chuck . come back here for a sec . 19 20 25 . Charlie head toward the examination room . as we follow he , we see a quick glimpse of mickey rourke in the wait room . int . exam room - continuous 19 Charlie walk into a room with stu and a topless blonde with gigantic fake breast . Charlie start to step out of the room . charlie I be sorry . I ... stu wait-wait . we need you . Charlie , this be pleasure . Charlie try to avert he eye while shaking she hand . charlie Nice to meet you . pleasure the pleasure 's all mine . ( then ) get it ? the '' pleasure '' be all mine . my name be pleasure . charlie ( lose for word ) it 's very ... clever . stu we be look for a second opinion . what do you think ? be they even ? embarrass , Charlie look over at the mammoth mammary . they be obscenely large ... but even . ext . STREET - later 20 walk -and -talk through the street of San Diego 's historic Gas Light District . stu and Charlie munch on hot-dog . charlie ( confuse ) so you know they be even ? 26 . stu of course they be even -- I do ‘em . I just want you to see ‘em without buy a lap dance . charlie how do you get a license to practice medicine ? stu ( play along ) '' license '' ? what do you mean ? you need a license ? Charlie move toward stu conspiratorially . charlie listen ... have you notice anything different about I ? stu other than you aversion to woman 's breast ? charlie I do not have a ... no , I just ... woman seem to be come onto I ... in a unusual way . stu well , somebody 's have a full cup of himself today . stu look over Charlie 's shoulder to see carol stand in a shop , wearing a wedding gown ! she see the gawk twosome and step outside to greet they . she look much happier than she do while she be ditching Charlie on the beach . carol Charlie . Stuart . charlie Carol ? stu ( be : wedding dress ) be that back in season again ? Carol hold out she hand to display a massive engagement ring . Charlie stare at Carol , confuse . 21 27 . charlie you be get marry ? ( she nod ) we break up like a month ago . carol his name be renaldo . we just click . what can I say ? ( she smile at he ) I guess you be a lucky charm . we go close on Charlie as he get a look of confusion ... int . charlie 's pacific beach house - evening 21 Charlie walk in the door from work , throw he white coat over a chair and walk to he answer machine . he press the button . computer answering machine you have fourteen new message . ( then ) message one ... woman' voice ( on machine ) hey Charlie , my name be randi berenfeld . you do not know I , but I get you number from Amy in radiology . I be wonder if we could meet for drink one of this night . Charlie press the button , skip ahead . woman 's voice ( on machine ) ( cont would ) hi Charlie , my name be Sheila . I be wonder if you be free ... ( press button again ) hello Charlie , this be gwen . ( press button again ) hi. it 's Sarah . ( again ) hi , my name be Diane ... Charlie hit pause on the machine and sit , stunne . 22 28. int . penguin habitat - night 22 close on -- a bucket of fish . cam , dress in sweat and water - proof boot , dump the bucket into a tank of swim penguin . there be literally hundred of they ; play , waddling , skid down a slide into the water . she pick up another pail and scatter it to the straggler . cam ( to a penguin ) hey , grumpy . stop that . leave jester alone . she throw a dead fish for jester in the back . cam reach for another bucket -- but there be none . cam ( cont no ) ( call out ) Joe ?! shift it into high gear , will ya ? I want to go home . joe appear , carry two bucket of fish . meet cam 's sullen , lethargic little brother . he look to be move in slow motion . a professional pothead , Joe be always one topic behind any conversation . he wear a T-shirt with woody harrelson on the front . cam ( cont no ) do you get lose back there ? joe sorry . smoke break . cam you know if they catch you with weed , you be gonna get fire . it do not matter that you be my brother . joe re-lax . how be anybody gonna know ? cam maybe the hemp pants ? or the hemp shirt ? or the fact that you smell like you shower in bong water ? Joe hold out the bucket of herring for she . 23 pt 29 . joe ( reminiscent ) when I be in college , I make a bong out of a dry blow -fish . cam you never go to college . joe well , I never enrol . but I sell a ton of shit at Stanford . cam playfully throw a fish at he and finish dump the last bucket into the water . as she turn , she accidentally trip on the second bucket . cam tumble on the top of the penguin slide and start to slip down the chute -- arm flap , hold fish . she save herself at the last moment , stand on the edge of the ice . whew !!! joe ( cont no ) ( chortling ) and you think I look waste ? at the top of the slide , cam look up to see a penguin eyeing the fish in she hand . her smile fade . cam wait , grumpy , no ... too late -- grumpy dive down the slide and bowling ball into cam . her foot flip out from under she and she do a face plant against the rock and sink into the water . the accident be half - tragic / half -hysterical . Joe rush ( as fast as a stone stoner can rush ) to the edge of the water . joe whoa , Murphy , that be radical . cam surface hold she mouth . cam I think I chip a tooth . int . charlie 's classic convertible t- bird - night 23 pt the car door open and a pretty young thing name nicole sit down in the passenger seat demurely . she doll herself up as Charlie walk around the car . the top be down . 30 . the driver 's side door open and Charlie sit . a beat . nicole do this seat go down ? charlie pardon ? but she 's not wait . she pounce , climb over the stick shift and on top of he . her butt accidentally jam into the horn -- hooooonkkkkk ! she start to take off she top . charlie ( cont have ) wait . do not you want to ... nicole ( remove she bra ) what ? charlie I do not know ... have dinner first ? nicole be that how it work ? Charlie gently pull away , look into she eye . charlie how what work ? nicole you know , the thing . ( off Charlie 's blank look ) the thing , the magic , the charm , the spell . she immediately attack he again . the front seat be tiny . her foot brushes the windshield wiper and fluid sprays over the window , dousing they . outside the car -- we watch as the headlight flash on several time from the flail body part . suddenly , the car start to roll down the hill and onto a neighbor 's yard . inside the car -- Charlie pull up the emergency brake and pull off the girl . charlie whoah , whoah , whoah , slow down -- what the hell be you talk about ? a beat . 31 . nicole ( think he know ) you be a lucky charm . you have sex with somebody and then they find they true love . be not that how it work ? charlie have everybody completely lose they mind ? that 's ridiculous . that 's absurd . nicole do you want top or bottom ? charlie wait . I really do not want to take advantage of you . nicole look , do not take it so seriously . I be certainly not . I be do this on a lark . ( then ) and you will not be take advantage of I . do you know how many loser boyfriend I have have ? do you know how many time I have give myself -- body , mind and soul -- hope that this be the one , this be it , this be my soulmate , only to find that he be just some jerk - off asshole who be more interested in sleep with my best friend and ready to dump I because he '' can not see daylight between my thigh '' . ( then ; excited ) if there 's a chance , even a point - — zero - zero- zero - zero - one percent chance that you be the key , that be with you might open the door to something better -- well , I think I would be take advantage of you . charlie would you like to have sex before or after dinner ? nicole why do not we work up a appetite ? 32 . boul-ya ! they start to kiss passionately when Charlie 's phone ring . charlie I be sorry . that 's the emergency line . he flip the phone open ... charlie ( cont have ) ( into phone ) Dr. kagan speak . cam 's voice ( on phone ) hi. Charlie ? charlie speak . 23 pt intercut charlie and ( a still soaking wet ) cam -- 23 pt cam this be cam wexler . we meet a while ago at Katie 's wedding . ( a beat ; remind ) serial killer ? charlie ( warmly ) of course . hi. how be you ? cam I be so sorry to do this to you , but I have a bit of a dental emergency . charlie ( kind ; but playful ) you know , you do not have to make up storey , cam . if you want to see I , you can just ask . Charlie mouth '' sorry '' to Nicole , who wait patiently . cam no , I chip a tooth . it 's Saturday night and I be in a lot of pain and I do not know who else to call . charlie chipped a tooth ? how ? 24 33. cam if you must know , I step in a bucket of fish , sly down a ice ramp , get body - slam by a penguin and fall face first into a fake ice boulder . charlie if I have a nickel for every time I have hear that one . cam hello ... hippocratic oath ... I be bleed . a lot . charlie ( mouth sorry to Nicole ) do you know where my office be ? cam look down at Charlie 's business card in she hand . cam get it . charlie I be leave now . cam hang up the phone and look over through the glass at Joe , who be now sit in the room and trip penguin as they waddle by . each time one fall into the water , he laugh he ass off . cam shake she head , incredulously . int . charlie 's office - half hour later 24 cam be on she back in the dental chair . Charlie work inside she mouth . charlie do that hurt ? cam wiggle - shake she head and grunt . he keep work . charlie ( cont have ) wow ... that 's some halitosis . cam ( slur ; mouth open ) - evy - unny . - at 's the -ish . Charlie playfully nod '' sure it be '' . 34 . charlie Fish , huh ? ( finish up ) you can rinse . cam lean over , swishes and discreetly spit . she look up on the wall in front of she . cam 's p.o.v . -- a photograph of Charlie surround by dozen of South american child . he stand at the center -- all of they be smile and hold up toothbrush . charlie ( cont have ) ( explain ) I travel to Guatemala once a year to help out in some of the poorer village . cam look he over for a moment : she approve . she move to get up out of the chair and knock the suction device to the floor . oops . lean over to pick it up , she hand come crashing down on the tray of dental tool , which go flying across the room . two of the sharp metal pick stab Charlie in the back , lodging there . charlie ( cont have ) ahhh ! cam oh my god ! Charlie reach around but can not get they . cam rush over and pull the instrument out of he back . he gasp . cam ( cont no ) here . I be so sorry . she start pick up instrument from the floor . charlie it 's okay ... I get it . stop help before I lose a eye . Charlie take off he bloody lab coat and rub he back . cam I hope you 's 1ll let I have that dry - clean . charlie no , but I hope you will let I take you for dinner on Thursday night . ( she look hesitant ) ( more ) 35 . charlie ( cont would ) trust I , you will be able to do far more damage to I with a steak knife . cam I be sorry . I can not . how much do I owe you for the tooth ? charlie ( a little offended ) so you draw first blood , but will not make it up to I ? cam no really -- how much do I owe you ? charlie you money be no good here . cam ( after a beat ) okay . thank you . a awkward moment . cam walk out of the office . 25 int . hallway - office build - minute later 25 Charlie , dry blood spot on he shirt , be lock up he office as cam step back into the hallway from the elevator . he turn to she , happy . charlie Change you mind ? cam my car will not start . charlie sure it will not . cam I leave my light on . he just look at she with a grin , not buy it . she roll she eye and immediately turn back . cam ( cont no ) okay , I be push it . charlie wait , wait . I want to jump you . 26 27 pt 36 . she look at he -- smile . he join she at the elevator . int . garage - office build - moment later 26 the two car be bumper to bumper . cam sit at she wheel . Charlie attaches jumper cable . charlie okay . let she rip . cam turn the ignition and the car start right up . while Charlie disconnect the cable , cam get out of she car ( engine run ) . cam thank you . thank you for fix my tooth . thank you for jump my car . charlie do not mention it . behind she , she car door close . she be locked out of her idling car . cam ( without miss a beat ) and thank you for drive I home to get my spare set of car key . int . charlie 's car - moment later 27 pt Charlie and cam hum along toward cam 's apartment . cam take a leave up here at the light . a moment of silence . charlie I do not know how smart it be to leave the car run . cam trust I . it 's go to be fine . it 's a geo Metro . a car-jacker would not get catch dead in a geo Metro . ( then ) right at the stop sign . they drive for a moment or two . cam ( cont no ) so what be you do this evening ? before I interrupt . Charlie pause ... charlie nothing . cam well , I be sorry anyway . charlie I be not . she turn she face so that Charlie can not see the cam ( point ) this be it . 27 pt Charlie pull the car over . cam ( cont ’‘d ) keep the meter run . 37 . tiny smile . 27 pt cam get out of the car and then suddenly look annoyed . cam ( cont no ) aaw shit shit shit shit shit shit ! ( then ) Excuse my french . charlie I do not speak french - what be you say ? cam ( thoroughly annoyed ) my house key be on my car key ring . ( then ) it do not matter . cam go to the sidewalk and pick up a brick . she chuck it through the window by she door and reach in to unlock it . charlie ( in car ; sotto ) what the hell ? 38 . cam be go for a few moment and then come out carry a set of key . she get back into the car . cam thanks . Charlie just stare at she in disbelief . cam look down at the key in she hand . cam ( cont no ) I hope this be the right key . Charlie shake he head , amused , and pull away . 28 int . garage - office build - later 28 we follow Charlie 's convertible as it make its way through the car garage . it roll to a stop . pull out to reveal that the garage be totally empty . cam 's car be gone . after a beat ... cam eh , who want to drive a geo Metro , anyway ? another moment . then , sheepishly ... cam ( cont no ) would you like I to walk home ? Charlie smile and pull away to take cam home . 29 int . charlie 's car - moment later 29 the perfect pair drive back toward cam 's apartment . a moment of silence . then cam try to break it . cam my brother call I Murphy . charlie Murphy ? cam you know , '' Murphy 's Law '' . anything that can go wrong , will . ( more ) 30 39 . cam ( cont would ) when I be eight , I get kick out of brownie for start a fire . charlie do not start a camp fire earn you a merit badge ? cam not when it torch you camp mother 's summer home . ( with a impish shrug ) I be try to make a s’more . charlie I love s'more . she smile . look around he dashboard . cam so many button . '' seat warmer ? '' '' mapping Navigator ? '' what 's this one do ? she push it . the convertible top start to close from behind . it catch the wind go 65 mph and fly off the car with a loud crack . charlie ( flat ) convertible top . ext . cam 's apartment - later 30 Charlie pull up and idle in front of she building . the convertible top to he car rest ( break ) in the backseat . cam thank you . sorry about you back ... and you top ... ( she motion to the back ) and I owe you gas money . charlie what if we have dinner at a gas station ? we could have chili - cheese - dog and share a soda and you could square up for the gas that way . she get out of the car and lean in . cam you seem very nice . 40 . charlie translation : not a chance in hell . cam thanks again . she shoot he a quick smile , close the car door and turn to go to she apartment . ripppp ! she 's suddenly stand there in she penguin pantie , she skirt catch in the car door . Charlie open up the door , hand she the skirt . she cover up , back away ... cam ( cont no ) good night , Dr. kagan . charlie good night , Murphy . 31 ext . charlie 's house - later that night 31 establishing -- Charlie pull into he driveway and head for the front door . 32 int . charlie 's house - continuous 32 he turn on a light to find he titanic office assistant , reba , sitting on he couch in a overcoat . reba hi , Dr. kagan . Charlie be startle . charlie reba . what the hell ? reba sorry . I do not mean to scare you . I use the key you leave I in case of emergency . Charlie put he coat down and turn on another light . a long beat . reba do not move . finally ... charlie and the emergency be ...? reba I know about the charm . ( Charlie look at she , dumbfounded ) ( more ) 41 . reba ( cont would ) somebody post about you on my internet dating site . charlie wait a second . this be totally out of control . it 's not true . reba that 's what I think . but then I go to urban -legend - dot - com and nobody have disprove it . ( then ; random ) do you know that Walt Disney be cremate and not freeze ? charlie reba , I all see you on Monday . reba ( change tact ) Dr. kagan , you have always be there for I . charlie ( clarify ) when you need a day off , yes . when you need a lift to work , yes . reba when Reggie die four year ago , you send that beautiful card . remember what you write ? ( recalling ) '' if there 's anything I can do , please let I know . '' charlie ( flustered ) yes , but ... reba ( matter -of -factly ) well , I be let you know . reba throw off she coat to reveal that she 's wear lacy garter and a bustier that could hold up a house . she start to stalk he around the live room . he back away . charlie this be not what I have in mind . 33 42 . reba this panty be edible . but I would avoid the tush area as I have be sit for about three hour . charlie reba , I be not the guy for you . reba I be not say you be . but the next guy might be . if we be together , I 'il find my soul mate . charlie that 's ridiculous . reba start to cry . this big , strong woman be reduce to a sobbing wreck within a matter of second . charlie ( cont would ) wait , wait . please do not cry . Charlie move to comfort she , but she use the opportunity to pounce on he . it be all a act ... charlie ( cont have ) I can not do this . reba do not worry , I will do everything . she start to remove he shirt . resistance be futile . reba ( cont have ) please . just close you eye and imagine somebody beautiful . this stop Charlie dead in he track . he lift reba 's face so that he look into she eye . charlie ( gently ) I will imagine you . no one but you . kindly , he kiss she lip . ext . drive range - day 33 Charlie and stu practice . stu swing and side -swipe the ball . it ricochet off the wood protective panell and shoot back , almost decapitate he . 43 . stu ( surprised ) reba ?!? you sleep with reba !?! charlie shhhh . quiet down . Charlie hit a long , straight , perfect drive . stu you be tell I that you have get the power to turn any hot chick into a knob-gobble , lance waxing , fleshmonger and you be ploughing the back forty with reba ? stu slice another ball -- it hit the fence 90 degree to the right . somebody duck . charlie you do not understand because you be not there . stu ( point conspicuously ) check it . that be the kind of tail you should be chasin’ . the passing female golfer he refer to be gorgeous . stu ( cont would ) I have suck a fart out of she ass and hold it like a bong hit . Charlie hit a long , straight , perfect drive . stu hit another ball that ricochet off he ball bucket and bounce behind he . charlie ( be : stu 's swing ) have you think about wear protective gear ? Charlie hit another ball . stu try to bounce a ball on he club like Tiger Woods . he never make contact . stu dude ! let I get this straight . they all think you be a lucky charm . Carol say it . Katie say it at the wedding . 44 , charlie that 's what they tell I . stu so accord to they , every girl you have ever bump ugly with have get marry to the next guy she date after you . charlie it 's not true . stu who the hell care if it 's true ?!? wake up , man ! you get it make . what 's the only thing that all woman want ? ( Charlie do not answer ) to get marry . raise rug-rat . ( then ) and , apparently , you hold the ticket to the big show ! do you know what this mean ? trim . you be gonna be seein 's trim like Tommy lee. like Colin farrell . like ellen degenere . charlie have you consider the possibility that the reason you have not have sex in this decade have something to do with you routine use of the word '' trim '' ? stu ( ignore he ) chick . 24 hour a day . 7 day a week . 56 week a year . boul-ya ! charlie you and I be different . okay ? besides I not be retarded , I do not want to take advantage . stu be Martin luther King Jr. take advantage when he say ... that thing at the place ? I do not think so . be ghandi take advantage when he , you know , do he thing . do not tell I ghandi do not score some sweet Native american trim . 45 . charlie ghandi be indian . stu they do not like to be call that . ( he swing and miss a ball entirely ) seriously , dude , I think you want to find love . charlie I do . stu well , stop dip you foot in the pool and dive the fuck in . Charlie look up to see the gorgeous female golfer check he out . stu ( cont would ) and think about this : you have be provide a much need public service . you would be help woman find love . Charlie shake he head and chuckle at stu 's idiocy . stu ( cont would ) do not bitch to I that you have not find miss right if you have get woman lining up for the position and you turn you back on they . Charlie nod he ... you know , he might be right . stu ( cont have ) you know I be right ! so go on already ... ( have : female golfer ) ++. take one for the team . stu line up he next shot . stu ( cont have ) do you need a good pick - up line ? because I could help with that . ask she if it hurt when she fall from heaven . or tell she ... 34 35 36 37 38 46 . stu realize Charlie be no longer there . he look around to find he talk to the female golfer . he smile , satisfied , then hit another ball , smashing the snack bar window . dissolve to : music montage -- to the White stripe 's cover of the Carl 34 Perkins song '' everybody 's try to be my baby '' . -- we see Charlie go for a '' hole in one '' with the female golfer . all be go fine until she start talk dirty . female golfer oh , yeah . that 's right . like that . oh , baby , fuck I . as they continue , she get really dirty ... embarrassingly dirty . nastier than any porn movie ever . female golfer ( cont would ) fuck I , fuck I , you cock - sucking CUM -guzzling shit -head . harder . split I in two . fuckity -fuck cock - sucker-mother-of-an-asshole — Charlie stop in he track . she look up at he , sane again . female golfer ( cont have ) be there something wrong ? -- Charlie with a brunette . he look down to see a tatoo ia % 5 she pubic region that read : '' frank be here '' . not good . -- Charlie with a blonde . he look down to see another tatkio that read : '' 666 '' . worse . -- Charlie with a redhead . he look down to see a tatoo 37 right above she '' bush '' that simply say '' George W . '' even worse . -- Charlie , in bed , with a super hottie . he roll over and give a little loving to the hottie 's twin sister . a triplet appear from under the cover . song lyric well half past nine , half past four ... fifty woman knock on my door ... everybody 's try to be my baby . 39 40 4l 47 . -- '' time code '' sequence -- the screen be divide up into four quadrant -- in each one Charlie be with a different girl . the screen pop to eight screen -- more girl . -- Charlie be pull over by a cop while drive . the 39 officer walk to the car -- reveal that it be the butch female police officer from the beach . we CUT to moment later as we see Charlie '' lay down a little law '' . he go to kiss she , but she pull away . police officer yeah , I do not do that with man . okay ... -- Charlie and another woman who 's get a tremendously stacked and packed tank - top be get down to business in he dentist chair . ( note : someone with a eagle - eye might remember she as a guest at Katie 's wedding ) . Charlie go to remove she top ... tanktop no ! do not take off my top . charlie ( take aback a bit ) okay ... be there something wrong ? tanktop that be for the baby . charlie you have a baby ? tanktop no , but someday I ' 1l have one . okay ... -- we split screen again to a '' time code '' sequence where we see Charlie with even more woman . -- Charlie be with a cute , and more importantly , sane - lookwig woman . we stay with they for a beautiful love- make moment . finally , he 's reele in a keeper . then ... she orgasm : 42 43 48. '' sane '' woman oh , I be go to come . Jesus Christ almighty , God , my savior , I shall adore you from now until forevermore . ( she finish ) amen . Charlie do not know what to say . '' sane '' woman ( cont have ) would you like to pray with I now ? -- Charlie be on the golf course with stu ( who be dress U2 the nine , look a little like a pimp ) . a boyfriend drive up in a golf cart . boyfriend ( hushed ) you be the guy , right ? Charlie look embarrassed . stu , on the other hand , start to pimp he friend out immediately . stu yeah , this be he . you get a girl you wanna marry ? boyfriend nod and flash a stack of cash . Charlie shake he head , instantly take offense . charlie no , I do not do that . not for money . sorry . Charlie go back to he swing , as stu surreptitiously take the money from the guy and give he the high sign . -- the music continue as we go close on a sexy woman 43 scream in ecstacy . she finish and roll over -- lie down next to a sweaty Charlie . a beat . he look over at she , curious . charlie ( cont have ) megan , I swear I know you from someplace . megan we go to high school together . 44 45 49 . charlie ( try to remember ) really ? megan ... megan ... what 's you last name ? megan gillis . charlie I know a Michael gillis . God , you look exactly like he . be that you brother ? megan actually , that be I before the operation . Charlie look at the ceiling , shocked . -- the playboy mansion . Charlie share the grotto with 44 dozen of girl . top be throw aside as Charlie smile . bottom be throw aside as Charlie smile even wider . several of the girl jump , surprised by something under the water . stu emerge from underneath the water with a mask and snorkel on . moment later , stu be be escort off the grounds by two heavy security guard . -- pull out further as the screen pop from eight screen -- more girl , to sixteen screen -- more girl . song lyric go out last night , do not stay late ... before I get home I have nineteen date ... everybody 's try to be my baby . as the song come to a end , we hear ... answering machine ( 0.s. ) you have one hundred and eight new message . beep ! ext . balboa park - day 45 Charlie and stu throw a frisbee in the park . Charlie 's throw be dead on . stu have less accuracy with a frisbee than he do with a golf ball . 50 . stu what do you mean , '' it feel empty '' . charlie none of this woman want to be with I . they want to be with the next guy . stu so what ? the road to the next guy lead through you . stu hit a 7 - year -old with a errant throw . stu ( cont would ) ( to little boy ) Nice stop , kid . Way to be . the boy groggily chuck it back . charlie it 's just not satisfy . stu I will tell you '' not satisfy '' . last night I masturbate into a grapefruit . ( off Charlie 's look ) well , I put it in the microwave first , heat it up a little , which help ... but still . stu 's spastic throw clock a grandmother in the head . stu ( cont would ) my bad . ( ask for it back ) Little help ? the woman put the frisbee in she purse and walk away . irked , stu throw up he arm . Charlie approach . charlie I be just tired of meaningless sex . stu just stare at he for a beat . stu I have no idea what you just say . 46 47 51 . int . charlie 's office - waiting room - day 46 pan across a half - dozen woman sit and wait patiently in Charlie 's office . reveal cam , also wait . sport multiple band -aid . reba open the door and look to cam . reba Ms. wexler ? the doctor will see you now . cam stand and move toward the door as one of the woman call to she . waiting woman # 1 ( optimistically ) good luck . cam grin askance and enter ... int . charlie 's office - exam room - continuous 47 reba usher cam into the room , who ( surprise , surprise ) accidentally crack her head on the hang dentist light . charlie you okay ? ( playful ; be : light ) I have be meaning to have that remove . she massage she bruise head , and take a seat as Charlie put on the lead x- ray jacket with a grin . charlie ( cont have ) Protection . just in case . cam clever . charlie so ... have you come back to finish the job ? cam what ? finish kill you ? charlie no , finish break my heart . 52 . cam I hope there be no hard feeling . charlie for what ? you be entitle to turn I down for a date . ( then ) even though it 's a cataclysmic mistake , one that will haunt you for the rest of you life and keep you from realize true happiness . cam from the look of you wait room , I doubt you have any trouble find a date . charlie not my type . cam and what , pray tell , be you type ? charlie Black and blue , riddled with bandage . Charlie roll over to she . she open she mouth and Charlie look in . he do a little scraping . charlie ( cont have ) the cap look good . he remove he glove -- finish already . cam that 's it ? charlie that 's it . unless you have like to have lunch with I . ( she shake she head with a smile ) dinner ? ( another friendly shake ) drink ? ( another shake ) Water ? the surgeon General recommend at least 64 ounce of water a day . I have like to help . cam I do not think so . but thanks . 48 49 53. and with that , she exit . Charlie smile , enjoy get burnt for the first time in a long while . int . hallway - office build - continuous 48 cam exit Charlie 's office and make she way to the elevator . Charlie open he door and step into the hall . charlie wait ! cam turn as if he 's a puppy dog that have follow she home . cam how do I say , '' no thank you '' in you language ? charlie you forget you sunglass . Charlie look at she expectantly . cam smile apologetically and take she glass . cam listen , I just ... I be not emotionally available at this time . charlie ( playful ) I be okay with that . I be really just look for a physical relationship anyway . cam so I have hear . cam follow the jab with a curt smile . charlie wait ! that be not serious . that 's not how I feel at all . ( sink ship ) you know what ? I be sorry . really , no problem . I get it . I do . she smile and walk into the elevator and out of he life . ext . sea world - day 49 establish . dolphin jump through hoop . Children pick up starfish . shamu splashes the folk in the front row . 50 54 . int . penguin habitat - day 50 the observation room . a long conveyer belt slowly motor people along in front of a giant glass tank . penguin swim and waddle on the other side . cam stand in front of the conveyer with a microphone . as the people pass , she give a informative speech . cam during the Antarctic winter , temperature average negative 76 degree . the wind howl at speed of up to 200 mile per hour . as she talk , we see Charlie round the bend munch on popcorn . cam ( cont would ) Emperor penguin be the only species that can breed during this winter condition . cam look down to see Charlie on the conveyer belt . he smile up at she . she falter momentarily , but continue ... cam ( cont no ) the female lay a single egg , then roll it onto the foot of the male . the male stand and incubate the egg until it hatches -- about 65 day . have build up a thick layer of fat to sustain he through the long winter , he never leave the egg to hunt for food . the female , who spend the entire incubation period forage in the ocean , return before the chick hatches . ( finish ) you can find out more about the Emperor penguin at one of the many information kiosk . if you have any question , please feel free to ask . she put the microphone down and hop over the conveyer belt , move toward Charlie . as she go , she knock the microphone over -- it fall into the gear of the conveyor belt and -- horrible screech -- snap the microphone cord . while try to rescue the cable , she snap one heel off she shoe . 55 . Charlie can not help but laugh . cam try to act like nothing happen -- she hobble over to he . cam ( cont have ) what be you do here ? charlie learn about the Emperor penguin . have some popcorn . cam seriously ? charlie seriously . so the male Emperor penguin really life off he own fat for 65 day to protect the egg ? ( she nod ) you would think the female could bring he back a tuna- burger or something . cam why be you really here ? charlie okay , I do not buy the '' I be not emotionally available . '' it 's weak . be you die ? do you not want to get involved because you do not want to hurt I when you die ? cam I be not die . charlie good . I , neither . be I not you type ? because I can live with that . cam I think you should go . charlie ( hold up he ticket ) I pay fifty - eight dollar to see you today . i’1l leave if you pay I back . voice ( 0.s. ) ( cut she off ) be this the dude ? 56 . cam spin to find she stoner brother , Joe , approach without a shirt on . he saunter over and start to eat some of Charlie 's popcorn without ask . cam no , thank you , Joe , this be not ... Charlie , this be my brother Joe ... charlie ( suddenly excited ) what ? have you be talk about I ? ( to Joe ) have she be talk about I ? cam joe no. I have not . yup . you the dentist ? charlie ( cont would ) so , I be the dude ! cam ( to Charlie ) I mention you in pass . I say you be funny . joe and you say -- cam ( cut he off ) and I say you be charming , and good-look , and have a nice smile . charlie that explain why we be not dating . cam ( to Joe ) why be not you wear a shirt ? joe what be you talk about ? he look down and realize he 's topless . this start a stoner - giggle that go on longer than it should . a little girl approach , tug on cam 's pant leg . 57 . little girl Excuse I , miss . how come the momma penguin do not bring back food for the poppa penguin ? cam bend down to the Little girl . cam the male penguin do not need food . charlie ( help ) he would rather live off he own fat . the Little girl seem appease and wander away . charlie ( cont would ) I know this come out of leave field , but I be hope to take you to dinner . joe she have love to . cam Joe , say another word and I hide you stash . charlie tell you what -- you can eat and I all just sit and digest my own lard . careful not to say another word , Joe offer Charlie a nod of encouragement . after field a evil look from cam , he turn and head through a door mark '' employees only '' . cam walk cam look , you be charming , you be funny , you be successful , and cliché of clich -- you help underprivileged kid . it 's just that I know three girl that you have go out with . I be not into dating as a sport . away . Charlie follow . charlie wait , you say if anybody have any question , do not hesitate to ask . 58 . cam no . no , no , no , I be not go to go out with you . no . do not ask . charlie that be not my question . ( then ) my question be ... ( random ) ... what kind of penguin be that ? Charlie point to a cute little penguin behind the glass . it speed along in the water like a water ballerina . cam ( pointedly ) it 's a gentoo . one of several species of penguin that be completely monogamous . ( double meaning ) I hope that answer you question . ( then ) and interestingly enough , penguin be also unique in that mate selection be up to the female . charlie much like in we relationship . cam why do you want to take I to dinner so badly ? charlie you look hungry . cam really ... charlie ( a moment ) because you kind of remind I of this penguin . she wait for a explanation as Charlie watch a waddling little penguin trip and do a face - plant into the ice . charlie ( cont have ) on land , outside , they be kind of awkward and goofy . that be a compliment ? charlie ( cont have ) but in the water , they have get this incredible grace and speed . they be like God 's perfect creature . cam be touch . she do not quite know what to say . cam okay . charlie okay what ? cam okay dinner . charlie really ? cam okay . 59 . then ... Charlie give a thumb up to Joe , who now watch intently from behind the glass in the penguin tank ( arm cross , shiver in the intense cold ) . even the penguin who be flanking he look happy to hear the news . cam ( cont would ) but only as friend . if you have to know ... I be very serious about someone else . charlie you be dating someone ? cam well , no . we have not exactly meet ... yet . she step over and pull a book off the shelf from the gift shop . all the book on the shelf topple to the ground . she act as if it do not happen , turn the book over to show Charlie the cover . a picture of the writer , howard blaine . cam ( cont would ) he 's the foremost expert on penguin in the world . i’1l be meeting he at a conference later this year . 51 60 . charlie and I do not want to interfere with that . ( a beat ; then ) actually , I really , really want to interfere . but okay , a date . as friend . just give I a chance , that 's all I be ask for . she nod . they face each other silently for a moment . cam what you say , about '' God 's perfect creature '' ... that be easily the nicest thing anyone have ever say to I . charlie ( playful smile ) I be exaggerate a bit . cam grin and head back off to work . she move to open the door but it be locked , ruin she perfect exit . Charlie hide he smile . she totter off in the other direction . int . stum office - later 51 stu be close up shop as Charlie follow he around like a excited puppy dog . stu '' perfectly imperfect '' ? what the hell do that mean ? charlie ( search ) I do not know . have not you ever fall for somebody 's flaw ? stu I be a plastic surgeon . I see a flaw and I pour spackle over it . Charlie get all warm think about she . charlie ( goofy grin ) she 's not very nice to I . ( then ) and she like somebody else . 6l. stu score ! stu hold up a glass jar with some float whitish - reddish gunk in it . charlie what be that ? stu ( big smile ) it 's what I be gonna retire on , my friend . stu open a lock cabinet and place the jar on the shelf next to two dozen other glass jar , fill with different odd - look artifact . stu ( cont would ) I be gonna sell all this shit on Ebay for mad cash . stu hold up a glass jar with two plastic implant in it . stu ( cont have ) pamela Lee 's breast implant . charlie what ? why be not they implant in she breast ? stu she come in for a reduction . this be what I take out . charlie ( incredulous ) you save they ? stu you know how much some sick dude be gonna pay for this ? holding up the bottle of whitish - reddish gunk . stu ( cont would ) mira sorvino 's thigh fat . charlie get out of here ! 62. 's tu I be serious . it 's the cellulite from she leave , inner thigh . charlie that 's disgusting . ( morbidly fascinate ) what else do you have ? stu ( point to each one ) Jennifer grey 's septum , Michael Douglas 's droopy eye-lid , burt reynold 's neck skin , Joan Rivers , Joan Rivers , Joan Rivers , Tori spell 's nose shaving , and the coup de grace , Jennifer connelly 's breast reduction . charlie it look like mira sorvino 's inner thigh . stu do not be stupid . that 's bona fide Jennifer connelly boob . stu close and lock up the cabinet with great care . he bring the conversation back around again ... stu ( cont have ) so , Charlie 's get a crush ? charlie it 's not a crush . I can not explain it ... but she 's the one . when I be with she , I feel like the star be all line up . stu so , since you be out of play , you will not mind if I call up some of you ex-girlfriend ? charlie ( irk ) can I just say , I be a idiot for take you advice . '' Public service ! '' all I succeed in do by be with all that woman be to push my soulmate further away . 52 63. stu might I remind you that you also get you axle grease a fair amount in the process . charlie what 's sex without love ? stu ( answer ) sex . it 's still sex . Jesus Christ , I have never meet anyone so bum to squirt out a little baby gravy . Charlie shoot he a look -- '' do not talk like that '' . stu ( cont would ) ( dumbfounded ) have you even kiss this girl yet ? ( Charlie shake he head ) and you nre go cold turkey for she ? charlie if she want I more like a gentoo , then I be go to be more like a gentoo . stu you lose I . charlie a gentoo be a monogamous penguin . stu do you go off you med ? Charlie exit stu 's office and walk through the wait room fill with beautiful buxom woman -- but Charlie do not even notice . he just shrug back to stu with a goofy smile . as we follow he out ( like in the earlier scene ) , we see a quick glimpse of gary busey in the wait room . ext . LA jolla cove - later 52 cam and Charlie walk down the moonlit beach , focus more on each other than the crash wave and strolling lover around they . 64 . cam do shark get cavity ? charlie no . cam you have no idea , do you ? Charlie shake he head , catch . charlie be not the point of 100 question to ask personal question ? to learn about the other person ? cam I have learn that you do not know the average birth weight of a African dik - dik . I think that 's just important as you know my favorite food be soup . ( then ) okay , you question . charlie why penguin ? cam why tooth ? charlie my question . I ask first . cam lot of reason . for one , you can not help but smile when you see a penguin . charlie another trait they share with you . cam they world , Antarctica , be beautiful . I go there once a year for research . because of the Earth 's axis , there 's only one sunrise and one sunset a year . you do not know beauty until you have see a once - a- year sunset in Antarctica . 65 . charlie ( take she in ) I do not know about that . she blushes a little . a nice moment . cam and they ritual be fascinating . charlie penguin ritual ? Charlie 's cell phone ring . he silence it immediately . charlie ( cont have ) sorry . cam ( nodd ) ritual . like when a male penguin be sweet on a female , he go on a long search across the beach to find the perfect pebble to offer she . he hunt everywhere to find it . finally , he waddle over and present the stone by place it at she webbed foot . if she accept he offer , they will be life - long mate . charlie like a engagement ring ? cam ( nodd ) it 's unbelievable to watch . they quietly pass a couple of teenager make out in the sand . charlie I have a feel that you be a very good kisser . I mean , I have already spend a hour and a half inside you mouth , so I should know . cam ( playful ) what make you think I 'il be kissing you ? ( then ) ( more ) 53 54 55 66 . cam ( cont would ) might I remind you that with penguin , mate selection be up to the female . cam , who 's be look at Charlie , walk face first into a wooden pier plank . she fall back to the sand . charlie ( fall to he knee ) you alright ? cam ow . he lean in . he kiss she head . cheek . they touch lip . Gentle . Soft . a perfect kiss . he pull away slowly , and ... charlie yeah , maybe I be wrong about the '' very good kisser '' thing . she laugh loudly and tackle he into the sand . she start to walk away in mock offense . charlie ( cont have ) hey , I be sorry . everybody have something they be good at . I be sure we will find yours ! he start to chase she down , as we ... montage -- through a number of date . -- they stand against the rail , watch the rippling wates3 as they snuggle aboard the bahia Belle , a mississippi-style stern wheeler that cruise Mission Bay . cam okay , so fess up about this charm . charlie you know about it ? ( she nod ; '' of course '' ) and what do you think ? cam I think it 's a pretty creative way to get laid . -- holding hand while walk through the prado area in 54 balboa Park , take in the sublime Spanish moor Architecture . -- picnick on the grass in front of the gigantic bouldes5 torso of the bear sculpture at ucsd . 56 57 58 67 . -- dining at bertand 's at mister a 's and watch the 56 cityscape from it 's panoramic view . she open a beautifully wrap gift . reveal that he 's buy she a '' lo - jack '' . -- finally , we find we two stomping grape and make winé7 at the Julian grape stomp fest . it 's only a matter of second before it turn into a dunking contest where both be loser . this lead we to ... ext . the CITY of julian - night 58 Charlie and cam share a carriage ride in the beautiful town outside of San Diego that be nestle in the cuyamaca Mountains . but they be not see any of it , make out like two school - kid in the back of the carriage . Charlie 's hand go for the bra clasp . he fumble around for what seem like a eternity . cam first time ? Charlie be shiver almost imperceptibly . it 's unclear if the cause be the crisp air or the moment . charlie with you , it almost feel like it . her smile warm he . with a mischievous grin , cam take she bra off under she shirt . she hold it out for he . cam I think you be look for this . Charlie be speechless . in the blink of a eye , he 's Woody Allen . charlie so ... you be okay with ... we ... you know ... get a little more ... cam ( frisky ) do I need to provide write instruction ? Charlie quickly turn to the driver of the carriage : 68 . charlie um ... we will be get off here . cam ( sotto ; suggestively ) yes , you will . the two love-bird stumble out of the coach and immediately disappear into the nearby cuyamaca park , already start to remove each other 's clothes . ring . his cell phone go off . it 's a different sounding ring this time ... charlie this be not happen . cam turn it off . charlie it 's the emergency line . I be sorry . ( peel she off of he ) I promise , I all make it fast . Charlie root through he pants and find the ringing cell phone . he move away to answer it . charlie ( cont have ) Dr. kagan speak . intercut stu in he apartment . stu dude ... one word and Charlie already know who it be . charlie this better be a emergency . stu you be gonna want to hear this . Charlie look over to cam who be now stretch out on some rock . her hand be not wait for Charlie to come back . she enjoy give he a show . charlie I be hang up now . 69 . stu wait . have you bone she yet ? charlie Goodbye . stu Fine , if you wanna lose cam forever , hang up the phone . charlie ( take the bait ) what be you talk about ? stu that charm thing . turn out it 's a curse . I be tell you , you shake the sheet with cam , she 's go to marry the next person she date ! charlie we both know that 's bullshit . twenty yard away , cam moan . cam ( call out ; writhe ) I hope there 's some leave for you when you get back . stu yeah ? well I start call you exe to take the hummer on a little bush patrol , if you know what I mean . ( then ) and they be marry . every single one you close the deal with . charlie impossible . stu you would think so , right ? but you would be wrong ! a to Z on you palm pilot . cathleen Alexander to jeannie Zokovitch . all marry . as he talk , stu look at the wedding announcement page in the paper . 59 70 . stu ( cont would ) even tracey ! the nurse ! the girl you bring to Katie 's wedding ? ( loudly ) she 's marrying the best man ! the guy right after you ! Charlie be speechless . stu pick up a piece of paper from he couch and dust away the pizza crumb . stu ( cont would ) and do you see this month 's high school newsletter . kari lizer . charlie what ? the girl I lose my virginity to ? stu do you see who she wound up marrying ? Bobby romanus . that douchebag she dumped you for . Charlie be silent . stu ( cont would ) be you there ? Charlie turn back to see cam stand on top of the rock , totally naked and grin ear to ear . she give a playful wave . charlie ( sotto ; into phone ) I hate you . I really , really hate you . ext . cam' apartment - a little while later 59 Charlie pull up out front . a long , awkward moment . cam look straight ahead , clearly too embarrassed to move . cam well ... thanks . charlie I be sorry . I should probably go . Dental emergency and all . cam nod she head , disappointed and a little flustered . 60 71 . cam yeah . ( beat ) I have never hear of somebody crack fourteen tooth before . charlie ( catch ; vamp ) yeah ... freak industrial accident . ( quickly ; off cam 's dubious look ) I should really go . int . cam 's apartment - continuous 60 Joe sit on the couch with a bong watch '' teletubby '' and surround with bag of empty potato chip . beat . he giggle at the screen . another beat . a loud crash as a brick be throw in the front window by the door . a hand unlocks the door . cam enter and plop down on the couch next to he , look disappointed . joe forget you key again ? she nod , pull she bra out of she pocket . cam do not know you be here . joe ( offer she a chip ) how have you date go ? cam it could have go better . ( vex ) he 's play hard to get . joe how be you play it ? cam I dry-hump a hitching post in front of he . cam sink further into she chair and grab the bag of bugle . 61 72 . joe so , what 's the biggie ? I think you be not into this guy . cam I either . it 's just ... the way he look at I sometimes . when I be around he , I feel like we be the only one there . you know ? joe ( nod ) I feel the same way around Mary . Jane . ext . HOTEL swimming pool - the next day 61 Charlie and stu walk past sun-tann beauty and make they way across the concrete- paved de of skin . stu you really want to go through with this ? charlie ( determine ) I have get to be sure . stu this be gonna get ugly . charlie I have to do it . I have get to put the curse to the test . ( then ) where be she ? stu ( point ) she 's usually beach over there by that diving board . they start to walk toward the far side of the pool . they approach three people on a towel -- wait a minute -- that 's not three people -- it 's one ! stu ( cont have ) there she be . Eleanor skepple . charlie and she 's single ? ( off stu 's look ) ( more ) 73. charlie ( cont would ) what ? there 's somebody for everybody . stu she 's here every day . always ina two piece . in addition to the back acne , she 's get front acne and side acne . see the glass of water by she garbage bag of ding -dong ? she keep she tooth in that glass . she 's grouchy , angry , rude , never tip and have more chest hair than rin tin tin . a beat as Charlie consider this . charlie be she my best bet ? stu sink the soldier all you want , there 's no way this chick be get marry . if she be the last woman on Earth , humanity would come to a screeching halt . Charlie take a deep breath , then bravely proceed . Charlie walk past a dozen hot , hot , hot girl in bikinis . he stop by Eleanor skepple . she glare up to he . eleanor skepple hey asshole , you be in my sun . charlie hi . my name be Charlie . what 's you name ? eleanor skepple kate moss . now beat it . charlie I be sorry , I be just wonder if I could take you out tonight . ( nothing ; beat ) what do you say to that ? Eleanor fart in response . eleanor skepple would you like I to elaborate ? 62 63 74 . charlie no , I think I understand . I be very sorry to bother you . Charlie start to walk away , defeat . then turn back . charlie ( cont have ) I 'il give you a hundred dollar to go on a date with I . she do not respond . charlie ( cont have ) two hundred dollar . CUT to : ext . del coronado restaurant - that evening 62 Eleanor and Charlie be on a date at the beautiful Hotel Del coronado . Eleanor eat a lobster . Charlie have a dozen shot glass in front of he -- half empty , half full . eleanor skepple a lucky charm , huh ? he nod . Eleanor suck the '' green stuff '' from she lobster . Charlie throw back another shot , work up the courage . eleanor skepple ( cont would ) and you just gotta take I out for dinner ? Charlie downs another two shot . here go nothing ... charlie ( reluctantly ) well ... I be kinda think we could ... get physical . eleanor skepple alright ! I have not get any action since my last gyno exam . she flash a hideous smile , green slime hang from she tooth . shot. shot. shot. int . charlie 's bathroom - later that night 63 Charlie be stand in he shower , scrubbing himself raw with a soapy sponge . thank God for jump cut . 64 65 66 67 68 75 . he shut off the water , breathe a sigh of relief . charlie and now ... we wait . int . cam 's apartment - night 64 cam get home and push the button on she answer machine . answering machine you have one new message . she smile and push play . charlie 's voice ( on machine ) hey cam , I hope you have a nice day at work . ( cough , cough ) listen . I be sorry . but I have get this cough I can not seem to shake . think we can just talk tonight . on the phone . I have really , really like that ... cam smile . she have like that , too . as we ... dissolve to : int . / ext . many location - night / day 65 music up : the eel 's cover of the rutle 's '' I must be in Love '' . time lapse of Charlie and cam on the phone together as , separately , they watch t.v. , cook dinner , drive in the car , lounge around the house , and isight with 66 each other online . intercut with this be shot from they personal life . 67 Charlie continue to work on patient , cam in the penguin habitat ( at one point video - taping the bird for research ) . we also see Charlie actively try to make himself '' unavailable '' to the many woman who be still pursue he . we see he slip on a wedding ring before welcoming female client into the office . he put out a photoshopped picture of himself with a unknown bride in he office to make it look like he 's already marry . we even see he camouflage he appearance as he head out to he car . all the while he and cam enjoy each other 's phone company . 68 laugh , smile and most of all , happy . 69 70 71 76 . int . stum office - the next day 69 stu look unhappier than we have ever see he . stu no way . no way , man . charlie you gotta do it . stu yeah , right ! so I go out with Eleanor skepple to test the curse and what happen next ? I be walk down the aisle with shamu ! I do not think so . charlie I 'o 1ll pay you . stu I do not need you money . I have get mira sorvino 's thigh fat . I be go to be a wealthy man . charlie come on , there 's get to be something I can offer you . stu think for a moment . a idea ... int . charlie 's office - waiting room - continuous 70 stu walk out from the office . he wear a white jacket with the name '' Dr. kagan '' stitched onto the chest . he turn to the half - dozen wait woman . stu ( eagerly ) hello , lady ... I be Dr. kagan . who 's first ? ext . HOTEL swimming pool - later 71 stu and Charlie stand by the shallow end . the diving board in the distance . stu screw up he courage and walk toward Eleanor . 72 77 . Charlie 's p.o.v. -- from a distance , Charlie watch with satisfaction as stu chat it up with Eleanor . int . charlie 's house / cam 's house - bathroom - night 72 Charlie and cam be on the phone . they each soak in a bubble - bath . completely prune , it 's obvious that they have be talk for hour . cam I can not believe you be still sick . how long have it be ? charlie almost two week . it 's kill I , but I do not want to infect you . cam at this point , I would not mind . ( girly giggle ) God , I feel like a kid again . I have not talk to someone on the phone this much since high school . charlie which remind I ... what be you do for prom ? cam I love you voice . the crazy thing be ... I can not picture you anymore . charlie I be 6 '2 '' , steely blue eye , washboard abs . cam can I ask you something ... be you avoid actually see I ? charlie what ? be you kid I ? I be die to see you . cam come over . right now . wash my back . ( silence ) I will wear a mask . we can both wear mask . we will play doctor . 78 . charlie oh , God , I want to so badly , but ... cam '' but '' nothing . I need to see you . I need to see if that birthmark you have really look like Alfred hitchcock . Charlie bite he tongue , not know what to say . cam ( cont have ) okay . if I can not see you , maybe we could at least take we phone relationship to the next level . charlie what do you mean ? she put on a sexy voice . cam mmmm , yeah . oh , yeah . do you like that ? charlie like what ? cam ( out of character ) that 's my phone sex voice . work with I here . ( sexy again ) sometimes when I be out of battery , I like to use my electric toothbrush . charlie um , I do not think this be a good idea . we probably should not do anything that feel like sex ... cam it 's just a little phone sex . charlie eh , I do not know if that 's against the -- Charlie hear a buz SOUND come from the phone ... 73 79 . charlie ( cont have ) ( quickly ) ooops , other line . gotta go . he hurriedly click off the phone . frustrate . the phone ring . he look down at call wait and quickly pick it up . charlie ( cont have ) stuey . talk to I . intercut stu - who be place a large grapefruit ( with a penis-sized hole in it ) into the microwave . stu the deed be do . I go out with Eleanor . and I be not propose to she . so you be in the clear . ( then ) be you there ? reveal Charlie 's phone sit on the edge of the bathtub , a trail of water lead out the bathroom door . go ! smash CUT to : ext . cam 's apartment - a short time later 73 Charlie be stand in front of cam 's door . she open it wear sweat , surprised to see he there . cam hi. charlie I be sorry I do not call . I could not wait . cam what happen to you cough ? charlie ( with a shrug ) devine intervention . I guess God just want to see we have sex . cam smile . cam well , I hate to disappoint . 74 80 . and with that , she pull he inside ... int . cam' bedroom - later 74 yes , we have arrive at the requisite '' love make '' montage between Charlie and cam . music swell as they start to make love . halfway through the scene , we see cam detach a video camera from its tripod and smile over to Charlie . cam I think we need a well - document historical record of this monumental occasion . how about you ? Charlie nod like a puppy dog . of course he 's game . -- we couple take turn with the camera as the scene continue to be beautifully shot and score . think '' 9 1 /2 week '' meet '' Red shoe diary '' . back -lit . primary color light wash over they gorgeous body . as the music fade , we dissolve to they in bed together . snuggle in a stop-the-hands - of - time embrace . a poetic moment . then ... both of they rise up quickly with excitement . cam charlie I can not wait any longer . put in the tape . put in the tape . cam quickly attaches a cable to the t.v. , jump back into bed with the remote and press play . close on there face as they watch the screen . they each simultaneously tilt they head to the side , try to decipher the image . cam ( cont no ) be that my nipple ? charlie ( shaking he head slowly ) I think it 's a pimple on my back . after a moment , they both get a look of horror on they face and rush to turn off the tape . 75 76 gl . charlie cam turn it off , good God , turn we have make a terrible it off . mistake ! int . cam 's bedroom - late night 75 cam sleep peacefully . Charlie next to she , gaze at she perfect face . lit by the flicker of the television . a gentle moment . then ... cam ( without open she eye ) stop look at I . you be freakin’ I out . Charlie smile warmly and roll over . on the t.v. , a local news program be on . the chyron read : '' obesity in america '' . there be quick shot of fat people as a reporter talk to the camera ( the sound mute ) . suddenly , Charlie 's face fill with panic . he move for the tivo remote and hit pause . reverse . back . back . back . stop . on the screen -- a pause image that be clearly eleanor skepple -- kissing a hefty man . charlie oh , my God !!! int . cam 's apartment - moment later 76 Charlie pace and whisper loudly into he phone . charlie wake up ! wake up ! wake up ! intercut -- stu pick up the phone in he bed . stu ( half - asleep ) hello ? charlie ( control he panic ) '' the deed be do ! '' '' the deed be do !?! '' 82 . stu it 's five o'clock in the morning . what be you talk about ? charlie the deed . I be talk about the deed . I think you go out with Eleanor skepple . stu naw , I just say that . charlie what ?!? cam 's voice ( 0.s. ) ( from the other room ) Charlie ? be everything okay ? charlie ( shield phone ) everything 's fine , sweetie . i’1l be back in a minute . ( into phone ; incredulous ) you just '' say that '' ? stu I do not want to risk it . marry she . charlie I see you with she ! you ask she out !!! stu no . I ask she what time it be . it be 3:52 . charlie I can not believe I trust you . you be no longer my friend . stu can I still pretend to be you ? charlie no . you can not be I . I ’mme . TI never want to talk to you again . ever . ever ever . stu you be really go to let a girl come between we ? 77 83. charlie not a girl . the girl . ( then ; definitively ) and now I be go to lose she . Charlie slam down the phone as he word hang in the air . he take a deep breath . shake he head sadly and contemplate for a beat . the wheel start to turn in he head . sadness turn to anger which turn to steely resolve . he start to psych himself up . charlie ( cont have ) ( determine ) no. I be not go to lose she . push into Charlie 's craze eye ... int . cam' bedroom - later that morning 77 close on cam , who be sleep soundly . a cup of coffee come into frame and be swirl about . a smile come over she : cam mmmm ... breakfast in bed . her eye open as we pull out to reveal that it be truly breakfast in bed . the entire bed be fill with food . it look like she wake up in the middle of the bellagio buffet in Vegas . scramble egg , omelettes , fry egg , bacon , sausage , biscuit , toast , muffins , pancake , waffle , crepe , every imaginable kind of juice , etc . cam be take aback . charlie good morning . cam be I suppose to eat my way out ? charlie I just think you have like a little breakfast . cam ( a little confuse ) thank you . 78 84 . she sit up ( careful not to spill anything ) and pick up a piece of toast . she look over to Charlie , who look a little tweak . cam ( cont no ) be you okay ? charlie could not be happier . you okay ? cam nod . she study he for a moment . cam you be act kind of strange . charlie I be not act strange . he sit down on the edge of the bed , try to look natural . cam just look at he , '' what the hell be go on ? '' charlie ( cont have ) so , what do you want to do today ? cam well ... I have get to go to work . charlie right . of course . work . I , too . ( then ) how about Saturday night ? or Sunday ? say Wednesday ? cam look he over . what the hell ? cam can we play it by ear ? ext . STREET - morning 78 stu and Charlie brave the morning traffic to walk to work . Charlie dial he cell phone and wait for a answer . charlie ( into phone ) hey , cam . how 's it go ? ( then ) I just want to make sure I have you right cell number . get it . no worry . everything 's cool . ( beat ) ( more ) 79 85 . charlie ( into phone ) ( cont would ) and I be look forward to Saturday night . and Sunday . and Wednesday . okay , bye . Charlie flip the phone off . stu look over to he , want to say something , but do not . a beat later , Charlie flip the phone open again and dial . charlie ( into phone ) ( cont have ) ( act surprised ) cam ? cam , be that you ? oh , my God , I must have dial you instead by accident . I mean to call the ... library . how funny be that ? ( then ) right . work . of course . okay , bye . Charlie flip he phone off . he and stu continue to walk in silence . Charlie open the phone again and dial . charlie ( into phone ) ( cont no ) hey , guess who ? listen , I just want to tell you that I will not call again . so , if you need or want to talk to I , for whatever reason , you will have to call I . ( then ) no problem . okay , this be it . my last ... transmission . this call . here . bye. bye. bye . B -- before Charlie finish say '' bye '' again , stu rip the phone out of he hand , drop it on the floor , and stomp on it aggressively . the phone shatter into a million piece . after a beat , stu continue walk . stu you be welcome . int . cam 's work - penguin habitat - afternoon 79 cam open the door to she office to find the room filled with a zillion flowers . she wade through they to find a card . it read : '' miss you already , Charlie '' . a stone Joe shuffles up behind she . 80 86 . joe ( flat ) be there something different in here since lunch ? cam open the closet to hang she jacket as hundred of red , helium balloon escape from the little room and float to the ceiling . every single one of they be shape like a heart . cam ( softly ) what the he -- there be a knock on the door . cam go to it . four men in tux stand at the door . one of they blow on a tuning harmonica and then , in perfect harmony , they sing a barbershop quartet version of beyonce 's '' crazy in Love '' : singing quartet ( sing ) I look and stare so deep in you eye . I touch on you more and more every time . when you leave I be beggin 's you not to go . call you name two , three time in a row . ( they start lame choreography ) get I lookin’ so crazy right now . you love 's get I lookin’ so crazy right now . get I lookin’ so crazy right now . you touch 's get I lookin’ so crazy right now . Joe and cam just stare at the quartet in silence . then ... joe hey -- you guy do free Bird ?! ext . parking lot - sea world - later that day 80 cam make she way toward she car . as she approach , she slow , a look of dismay materialize on she face . pivot to reveal cam 's car . tin can be tie to the back bumper and there be heart and write in soap all over the car . on the back window , a big sign read : '' almost married " . 81 82 87 . ext . office hallway - later 81 a ball of nerve , Charlie burst out of he office door ( we see that he name - plate be miss for some reason ) . he walk across the hallway to stu 's office . as he open the door , he stop momentarily to notice that he own name plate have be duct - tapped on top of stu 's . hmmmm . int . stu' office - moment later 82 Charlie come barging into stu 's office . stu be knee - deep into some heavy - petting with a blonde . stu ( sweet talk ) if you be a hamburger at McDonald 's ... I have name you mcbeautiful . charlie stu . I need you . it 's important . stu ( cover ) hmmm ? my name be Dr. Charlie kagan . I do not know who this stu be that you speak of . Charlie do not want to waste any time . he take out he wallet and show he driver 's license to the blonde . she immediately slap stu and storm out of the office . stu ( cont have ) ( call after she ) I 'il call you . Charlie close the door and lock it . charlie I need you help . stu with what ? charlie I have be think . cam be go to fall in love and get marry to the next guy that she date . ( more ) 88 . charlie ( cont would ) ( off stu 's blank stare ) I be go to be that guy . stu you lose I at '' hello '' . charlie ( explain ) you be a plastic surgeon . you be go to completely change my face to make I look like a different person . then I will be the next person she fall in love with . stu Charlie , in the history of bad idea , that fall somewhere in between New Coke and JFK say '' let 's take the convertible . '' charlie so you be not go to help I ? stu yes , by not rearranging you face . ( sit he down ) get a grip , man . there 's get to be another way . a long beat . then , a look of enlightenment wash over Charlie 's face . charlie why have not I think of it before ? stu ( facetiously ) what ? time machine ? clone she ? charlie i’1l just follow she around and keep she from meeting another guy . stu just stare at he . then ... stu the plastic surgery be a better idea . charlie ( unhinge ) I just have to buy myself some time till I figure out how to reverse the curse . 83 84 85 86 89 . ext . cam 's apartment - morning 83 a stake -out . Charlie have a donut and coffee in he car . he see cam exit she apartment . Charlie duck in he seat , spilling he coffee on he lap . ouch . he watch as cam get into she car . ext . highway - day 84 cam drive down the highway at a healthy clip . suddenly , behind she , a police car flash its light . cam 's car pull over . behind they , in the distance , we see Charlie pull over as well . int . charlie 's car - continuous 85 Charlie hover down behind he steering wheel , spying . charlie 's p.o.v. -- we watch as a muscular policeman step out of he car . charlie ( lose it ) oh , no . this be not good . charlie 's p.o.v. -- the strapping Officer stride toward cam 's car . charlie ( cont would ) it 's over . game over . Party 's over . ext . highway - continuous 86 the Officer knock on cam 's window . she roll it down . officer license and registration , please . cam yes , officer . cam hand the policeman she information . suddenly , from behind , a car ( Charlie 's car ) come scream past , honking its horn and breaking the SOUND barrier . 87 88 90 . charlie ( scream out the window ) pig !!!!! without miss a beat , the Officer hand cam back she document and rush back to he car to take pursuit . cam look at the speed car with concerned confusion . cam Charlie ? CUT to : int . county jail - later 87 Charlie sit in a cell with a few drunk - and-disorderly . a guard approach the cell . guard Charles kagan ? you make bail . ext . county jail - moment later 88 Charlie and stu step out of the jail building and into the pouring rain . stu so how 's the plan work out for you so far ? charlie ( dispirite ) thanks for bail I out . ( then ) what be you up to tonight ? stu masturbate . ( then ) oh , and then I gotta go see my cousin . he find out last week that he 's get a inoperable tumor . charlie that 's horrible . stu yeah , he 's get like one week to live . 89 gl . charlie that 's ... perfect . he 's perfect for she . stu stop in he track and stare at Charlie . stu no . no , no , no . charlie what 's the harm ? he get laid . she fall in love . he 's dead inside a week . I swoop in to console she . bim , bam , boom , everybody 's happy . stu just shake he head in disgust and start to walk away . charlie ( cont have ) what hospital be he at ? ( then ) what ?! I just want to send flower . stu turn on he . stu Charlie , snap out of it , okay ? if you love this girl , go tell she ! live happily ever after . just avoid go nut while you do it . Charlie nod and mouth '' thank you '' and start away ... stu ( cont would ) ( call after he ) I doubt she 's have time to file a restrain order . int . penguin habitat - later 89 Charlie walk in and start look for cam . he ride the people - mover conveyer belt . two penguin bat a balloon back and forth , but cam be nowhere to be find . Charlie see Joe in the tank , feed the bird . he move to the glass and knock . when Joe look up , Charlie wave . Joe approach the window and point to a sign that read : '' please do not knock on glass '' . Joe go back to work . 92 . Charlie glance into the gift shop . still no cam . he see a book on the shelf with Howard 's big smile mug on it . ugh . from out of he pocket , he pull a engagement ring BOX . he glance inside -- yup , just as we expect ... a engagement ring . not good . he finger it for a moment and then be - pocket the box . finally , he see cam enter the far end of the penguin tank . she 's wear a dive suit . triumphant love music swell as Charlie run toward the window -- he be about to bang on the glass ( in a total " the Graduate '' moment ) when he remember the sign '' please do not knock on Glass '' . better idea !!! Charlie see a woman apply lipstick next to he . he take the lipstick out of she hand and jump up on the people -mover hand -rail . lean against the glass , he start to write a message in gigantic letter . he walk along the move rail , try to keep he spot , avoid step on pass patron , while he write : '' I love U '' it 's a beautiful expression of love . the way every movie should end . from inside the tank -- Joe and cam look up at the crazy lunatic . reading it in reverse , Charlie have write '' uevoli '' . Joe cock he head , confuse . joe be that plural for uvula ? Charlie step down from the rail , expect the romantic climax of two lover jump into one another 's arm . instead he get tackled by two park security guard and wrestle to the ground . cam and Joe run out to they to stop thing before they escalate . cam stop it ! stop it !!! the Guards release Charlie , who dust himself off . 93 . cam ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) Charlie , what the hell be you do ? he 's speechless . security guard be this guy you friend ? cam give a embarrassed ( hardly perceptible ) nod . cam ( sotto ) Charlie , why have you be act so ... crazy ? Charlie be about to defend himself but look around to see the crowd gather and realize he behavior have no defense . charlie all right , yes , I have be act a little crazy . but I have a reasonable explanation . cam let I guess . you be a lucky charm and you be afraid I might marry the next person I date . so you be act like a nut - job try to keep I ? Charlie balk , too embarrassed to say , '' exactly '' . a older woman use a moment of silence to approach . older woman hi , I be sorry , I be eavesdropp . be you really Charlie kagan , the lucky charm ? because I be wonder ... charlie I be sorry , I can not . ( see cam walk away ) wait ! cam , please . Charlie catch up to cam ( with Guards in tow ) . cam listen , I think we should take a break . 90 94 , charlie '' R break '' ? that 's code for you do not want to date I anymore . cam do not say anything . a awkward moment . then , out of the blue ... joe ( look at the glass ) hey , look ... the plural for uvula spell '' I love you '' backwards . Charlie pull away from the security guard and move to cam , earnest and plead . here it be ... the speech of the movie : charlie listen to I . I love you . I have love you since the first moment I see you . ( then ) my entire life , I have be nothing more than a step stone for every relationship I have ever be in . there 's always a '' next guy '' who 's better than I . for once , I want to be that next guy . for once , I want to get the girl . and I want that girl to be you . a long beat . then ... cam I be sorry , Charlie . you be just not who I think you be . cam turn and walk back into the penguin tank . she put on she mask and jump into the water , disappear from Charlie 's life forever . ext . office build - late afternoon 90 it 's raining . pour . we see reba exite the building , brandish a umbrella for protection . she pass a couple of bum on the street ( one huddle on a bus stop bench ) . she stop and turn back , realize ... reba Dr. kagan ? 95 . Charlie look up from the bench . he 's soak and look miserable . charlie hi , reba . reba I be call you all day . where have you be ? charlie ( flat ) I decide to take the day off . ( then ) hey ? do you know if we office building have roof access ? reba thing can not be that bad . ( then ) you know , I owe you a '' thank you '' . I meet a guy . he 's ... wonderful . I really think he 's the one . charlie ( sincere ) that 's great , reba . really . I be happy for you . reba you have do a good thing . you have help people find love . this do not seem to lift Charlie 's spirit . reba put she umbrella over he and they sit in silence for a moment . in front of they , a homeless man wrap in garbage bag pick through a trash can look for recyclable . reba ( cont have ) do you know how many woman there be out there ? wait ? for you ? ( point to the downpour ) one for every raindrop . the homeless man drop a bottle . Charlie look down as the bottle spin on the wet asphalt . the spin take on a almost magical quality . 91 96 . it stop , point across the street . Charlie glance up to see a goth - looking girl stand at the bus stop ( although a different girl , she look strikingly similar to we goth girl from the open make - out party ) . the girl gaze directly at Charlie . eerie . we realize that reba have be talk the entire time . about what , we do not know . reba ( cont have ) Dr. kagan ? be you all right ? charlie ( in a daze ) ..- fall like rain ... I be in pain ... reba , it 's just like she say ... it 's raining . all around ! reba look he like he 's lose he marble . reba that 's why ... I be hold ... a umbrella over you . charlie ( start to focus ) no ! not rain . love. raining love . but I be in pain . see ? ( search for word ) '' once they have be with you ... they 's 1l find true ... '' omigod ! see thing clearly for the first time , Charlie dash off in the rain . reba sit alone on the bench , confuse . int . cam 's office - continuous 91 cam brushes the feather of a sickly look penguin . cam ( gently ; to the bird ) I be so sorry , little buddy . Joe enter and sit down next to they . joe what 's up with jester ? cam his girlfriend die . ( gently brush he ) he stop groom himself . ( more ) 92 97 . cam ( cont would ) ( dishearten ) this be the hardest part of this job . almost worst than lose one . he 'il probably never try to find someone to replace she . Joe slide over and help to pamper the poor little guy . cam ( cont no ) it 's heart - break , be not it ? to think that you can fit together with someone so completely that when they be go , there 's no one to fill the empty space . after a beat . joe you should call he . cam he 's change . he 's crazy . joe to quote beyoncé : '' you love 's get I lookin’ so crazy right now . get I lookin’ so crazy right now . you touch 's get I lookin’ so crazy right now . '' have I make my point ? from the look on she face , he have . int . stu' house - a little later 92 Charlie burst in the front door without knock . charlie ( call ; while enter ) stu ! I get it !!! I need to Google some - — Charlie immediately exit as quickly as he enter . he stand outside , try to shake a image . charlie ( cont have ) stu ... that 's disgusting . stun voice ( 0.s. ) ( a beat ) what ? I tell you I be gonna be masturbate . 98 . charlie but ... that 's disgusting . stum voice ( 0.s. ) hey , it 's a know fact that stimulation of the prost -- charlie get dress . ( beat ) and wash you hand . 93 int . charlie 's car - moment later 93 Charlie drive . stu navigate . 's tu a hex ? she put a hex on you ? I have no recollection of this event whatsoever . how old be we ? charlie I do not know . ten. eleven . it do not matter . what matter be that I be hexe . stu ( convinced Chuck be nut ) okay , I think I should be drive . charlie ( ignore he ; excited ) do not you remember ? Black lipstick . Long fingernails . total freak . she want to see my penis and I would not show it to she so she pull my nipple and put a hex on I . stu dude , do you forget to pay you brain bill ? charlie only she can break the spell . stu glance at the mapquest print - out : stu this be the address . stop the car . stop the car ! 94 99 . Charlie pull the car over . he stare at the house . charlie how do you think I get she to break the spell ? stu I do not know . she want to see you penis ... Charlie get out of the car and start toward the house . stu ( cont would ) ( suddenly worried ) um ... that be a joke ? ext . suburban neighborhood - continuous 94 Charlie walk to the front door and knock . a little 5 - year -old girl answer . charlie hi , be you mother home ? the little girl just stare at he . charlie ( cont have ) be you mother 's name anisha ? little girl what 's with the fifty question ? a beat . charlie that be only two question . little girl it 's a hyperbole . from behind the little girl , a woman come to the door . she be dress in a flower - print dress , look more like Laura Ashley than Marilyn Manson . Charlie be take aback . charlie oh ... hi ... I think I have the wrong ... ( then ; turn ) sorry to bother you . 100 . she shrug and start to close the door . at the last moment , Charlie stop the door from close . charlie ( cont have ) be you anisha Carter ? anisha ( the answer clearly '' yes '' ) do I know you ? charlie I be Charlie kagan . he look at she for some sign of recognition . none come . charlie ( cont have ) I know this be go to sound crazy , but when we be kid , you put a hex on I so that all my girlfriend would fall in love with somebody else . and I need you to reverse the spell . be I make any sense ? without say anything , anisha cautiously reach up to a shelf by she door and pull down a can of mace . charlie ( cont have ) apparently not . Charlie look down at the little girl . she wear the identical Wicca pentagram necklace originally wear by anisha as a little girl . charlie ( cont would ) that be yours , be not it ? ( to the girl ) be you mommy 's name anisha ? little girl ( emotionless ) you gonna mace he , Mom ?!? Charlie give the girl a look . anisha head - motion to she daughter , who reluctantly head back inside . shucks ! charlie okay , see , the problem be that we be at a impasse here . I know you know what I be talk about but you be not talk . and I need to know how to break the hex . this be my life we be talk about . 95 101 . anisha be still silent . charlie ( cont would ) what can I do to convince you ? at the car -- stu watch the scene with bemuse fascination . stu' p.o.v . -- suddenly , without warning , Charlie drop he pant . int . county jail cell - later 95 Charlie be once again behind bar . he sit next to rupert , a 400 pound shave - bald inmate ( with soft eye ) who hang on he every word . charlie ( loudly ) this suck ! that 's right ! I say it ! do you know why I be in here ? do you know why ? rupert shrug , answer in a unusually feminine voice . rupert ( wild stab ) aggravate assault with a deadly weapon ? charlie ( shaking he head ) love. Love , rupert . I be here because of love . everybody else be find love , but what about I ? rupert you deserve love . charlie yes , I do . and do I deserve to be in here ? ( rupert shake he head ) exactly ! indecent exposure , my ass ! you tell I , what could possibly be indecent about try to hold onto the only love of you life . rupert nothing . that 's not indecent . 96 102 . charlie ( on a roll ) lucky charm . they call I a '' lucky charm ! '' but I be not lucky . I be so incredibly UN - lucky ! sure , it 's lucky for everybody else that if you have sex with I you find true love ... but I be miserable ! rupert we all need love . charlie ( get emotional ) be I hold on too tight ? be that the problem ? to happiness . to passion . to love . rupert my mother tell I once , if you love something , set it free . Charlie nod he head , let the word sink in . charlie thank you , rupert . that be lovely word . really ... lovely word . a beat . then rupert lean in and provocatively say : rupert now ... how do this lucky charm work exactly ? what do we have to do ? Charlie 's jaw drop . he glance around the cell -- all eye on he . oh , shit ! prison officer Charles kagan ! you make bail . ext . county jail - moment later 96 Charlie stand on the step of the jailhouse . in front of he be the butch female police officer from earlier . charlie seriously , thank you . five more second , and ... I do not know how to thank you ... 103 . butch police officer you already do . you help I find the love of my life . the butch Officer grab the hand of she female '' partner '' stand next to she . Charlie smile and join stu at the bottom of the step . they walk toward Charlie 's car . 's tu so , what 's the plan now ? let I guess , we time travel to 2097 and track down cam 's reincarnate soul , drag she back into we world , and hope she fall in love with you ? or be it something involve the gravitational pull of the Earth ? charlie stu , I see thing clearly for the first time in that cell . I realize that my whole life have be spend protect myself against love . close off my heart . when I should have be open it . stu what about cam ? you open it for cam . charlie ( shaking he head ) no , see , I do not . what be the first thing I do when I realize that I might lose she ? I go Chicken Little . I be so scared about the future that I totally ignore the present . I be so concerned about the next guy that I completely ignore this guy . I be so worried about lose my soulmate that I lose view of the fact that if I lose cam , she be not my soul - mate to begin with . ( then ) if you love something , set it free . stu be you do ? ( Charlie nod ) I be go home . ( more ) 97 98 99 100 104 . stu ( cont would ) bailing you out of jail every fifteen minute have seriously eat into my masturbation time . but stu 's disposition can not dampen Charlie 's new resolve . dissolve to : int . charlie 's house - later 97 swellling music up as Charlie pick up he phone and dial . we reveal that he hold a book on penguin , write by ... howard blaine . charlie ( into phone ) hi , I be try to find a Howard blaine . ( beat ) hi. Howard . we have , um , never meet . but I have a friend that you need to ... meet . ext . starbucks - later 98 bittersweet music continue as we watch cam hustle down the street toward a coffee shop . she check she watch and look around the place . she approach someone sit with he back toward she . when the man turn , we reveal that it 's Howard , who greet she with a hug . she sit with a warm smile . ext . park - continuous 99 close on cam -- sit on the lush grass . she 's laugh . have a nice time talk to Howard . they laugh some more ... int . restaurant - later 100 the music continue as Howard and cam have dinner at a fancy restaurant on the water . more conversation . more bond . Howard knock over he glass of water . cam burst out laugh . this two be perfect for each other . lol 102 105 . int . penguin habitat - later 101 cam and Howard be in the habitat tank . Howard play with the penguin as cam proudly show off she flat - foote friend , video - taping they antic with she camera . at the far end of the habitat , we see Charlie in the distance , come around the bend on the people mover . he see cam talk to Howard in the tank . he nod he head , try to be happy for she . but that emotion be quickly follow by dysphoria as he start to walk backwards on the mover -- hope they will not see he . he walk against the grain and toward the entrance again , bump into a red - head woman as he go . the music fade as he slowly turn and walk out of the park ... int . charlie 's house - continuous 102 the room be dark and gloomy . shutter close . it feel like a morgue . Charlie sit on the couch . in a robe . eye open . he could be dead . suddenly , light stream in the door as stu burst in . he start talk immediately . stu I be get marry !!! Charlie do not move . stu ( cont would ) I find my dream -girl , dude , and I just propose and it 's all because of you . ( call outside ) lara ? come on in . a moment later , the tremendously stacked and packed tank - top girl ( the one who , earlier , would not take she top off for Charlie ) step in the room . Charlie be obviously surprised to see she ( and the huge rock on she finger ) . stu ( cont have ) lara step out of heaven and into my office to correct a '' condition '' . she 's get polymastia . ( more ) 106 . stu ( cont have ) ( off Charlie 's blank look ) more than two boob . you wanna see ? charlie no , no - no- no -- lara it 's okay . I mean , if you want . ( a weight lift ) I use to be embarrassed until stu make I realize how special I be . without wait for Charlie 's consent , lara lift she shirt . although we do not see the boob ( unfortunately , we see the scene from behind she ) , we do see Charlie 's reaction . stu be that , or be that not , the most beautiful sight you have ever see ? it 's like see the Grand Canyon for the first time , like see Earth from space , like see the Olsen twin make out with each other . lara put down she shirt and stu baby - kiss she a couple of time , get lovey - dovey . Charlie smile meekly . charlie I be happy for you , buddy . 's tu but that 's not the reason we come . ( then ; change subject ) you know , it smell like cheese in here . gouda , maybe ? you might want to open a window . ( to lara ; back on point ) okay , tell he , baby . lara I be friend with Katie and she tell I that cam wexler -- stu -- cam , cameron , you cam -- charlie ( nodd ; curt ) I know who she be . 103 107 . lara anyway , Katie say that cam say that she 's leave for Antarctica with some penguin guru . a beat as Charlie take this in . calmly ... charlie that 's good . I be happy for she . stu stare at Charlie , wait for he to come to he sense . over the course of 30 second , we watch as Charlie go through all 7 stage of grief . then , common sense finally kick in . charlie ( cont have ) what the fuck be I do ?!? stu that 's what I be say to you ! charlie speedily start getting dressed . ext . STREET - moment later 103 Charlie drive up to a stoplight , cell phone to he ear . on the seat next to he be engagement ring BOX from earlier . charlie ( into phone ) Joe , you be not listen to I . I need to know where cam be . ( beat ) you sister . the signal be take too long -- Charlie hop out of the car , run over to PRESS the pedestrian signal to hurry the light change up . still on the phone : charlie ( cont would ) Joe , I need you to focus for a moment . this be important ! ( then ; quickly ) what time ? what airline ? what flight ? ( beat ; then annoyed ) cam ! you sister . the light still have not change . there have not be one car in the road since he stop . Charlie yell in frustration . he hang up the phone and look both way . not a car in sight . the light still red . 104 105 106 108 . Charlie gun it across the street . Three second later , a whirring light and siren behind he . he look into the rearview -- a cop . shit ! he pull over . out of the police car step the same police officer who recently sent he to jail . ext . freeway - a little while later 104 Charlie be on the phone again , speed along the freeway . on the seat next to he be the engagement ring box and a newly written traffic ticket . charlie ( into phone ) that 's good enough . I mean , how many flight could there be to Antarctica ? thank you ! I just might make it . behind he , a siren and light . he pull over . Charlie sink in he seat . ext . freeway - moment later 105 Charlie be speed along the freeway again . on the seat next to he be the engagement ring box and a newly written speed ticket to go along with the traffic ticket . suddenly , a siren and light . he pull over again . out of the police car step the same officer who wrote he a speed ticket 8 line ago . ext . freeway - moment later 106 Charlie be drive slowly and cautiously down the freeway . the police car follow behind he , wait for any law - break . Charlie see a exit for the beach . use both he blinker - signal and a hand - signal to turn off the freeway , he take the exit . where be he go ? what the hell ? 107 108 109 109 . ext . beach access - continuous 107 Charlie walk out to a rocky inlet of the ocean . the water break upon the rock dramatically . Charlie walk out into the sand . double what the hell ? ext . airport - a short time later 108 Charlie pull up to the terminal and dart toward the door . a traffic cop yell for he to stop but Charlie run inside the building . int . airport terminal - continuous 109 Charlie approach the ticket counter . charlie have the flight to Antarctica board yet ? AIR attendant which one ? there be two . charlie have the one with a passenger name cam wexler board yet ? AIR attendant I be sorry , sir , I can not give you that information . Charlie start to move toward the gate ... AIR attendant ( cont no ) Sir , you will not be able to go the gate without a ticket . Charlie take out he wallet . charlie I would like a ticket to Antarctica . actually , I would like two ticket to Antarctica . one on each plane . AIR attendant there be only first class ticket available , sir . 110 lil 112 110 . charlie ( defeat ) of course there be . the Air attendant start type on the computer . Charlie look on anxiously . he glance outside to see he car be towed away . AIR attendant be you travel with any baggage ? charlie no . AIR attendant you do realize that it 's negative sixty degree ? charlie please . hurry . she nod and print out the ticket . AIR attendant that will be seventeen thousand , four hundred and twelve dollar . int . airport - security - moment later 110 Charlie pass through security . they make he take off he shoe . his belt . they scan he down with the hand -held wand just to make it go a little slower . int . airport - gate - moment later 111 Charlie make he way onto the first plane , just board . int . plane - continuous 112 he walk through the plane , side -stepping board passenger wear parkas and carry heavy winter coat . charlie cam ? ccam !?! no cam . 113 114 111 . int . airport - gate - continuous 113 from the other side of the terminal , Charlie see cam board the other flight . he rush over , give he second ticket to the stewardess . int . third plane - continuous 114 cam find she seat . she be about to put she carry - on into the overhead compartment . charlie 's voice here , let I help you with that . cam thank you . she turn , surprised , to see Charlie stand next to she . Charlie 's cam ( cont have ) Charlie ? charlie I be sorry . do not be mad . ( to Howard , sit in the center seat ) Antarctica ? you could not just take in a movie ? ( then ) cam , I know it seem a little crazy that I have show up here but I have to tell you in all honesty that it feel even crazier not to show up . ( on a roll ) it 's just that when you find the right person , it feel wrong to fight it . ( shaking he head ) oh , God , this be a bad idea , be not it ? I mean , you be go away with ... Howard . face drop , give in to the inevitable . cam Charlie , have you meet Howard 's wife , Marilyn . the red-headed marilyn sit at the window . she look up and smile politely . Charlie stand there , shocked . 115 116 117 118 112 . we see a flashback wipe -- ( a la '' Sixth sense '' , we get to see the scene as they really be ) . cam at the park with howard . the camera pull back a little further than before to reveal that sit next to they be Marilyn , enjoy the conversation . cam at the restaurant with howard . the camera dolly ovhh fa little to reveal Marilyn be also there . Howard spill he drink again and they all laugh . cam and howard in the penguin tank . we see Charlie backindg7 off the people mover . he bump into the red-headed Marilyn as he make he way out of the park . back to the present --— 118 Charlie realize he 's make a awful , awful mistake . charlie oh , wow . I um ... I have to see you . I could not let you go to Antarctica without see you again . cam but I 'il be back on Wednesday . a long beat . a very long beat . charlie so , maybe I nil call you on Thursday . ( then ) or Friday . better yet , why do not you call I ? cam move closer to he . cam Howard tell I about you call . Charlie brace himself for the slap . cam ( cont would ) that be the nicest thing anyone have ever say about I . charlie so I embellish a little bit . ( off she smile ) a lot . I embellish a lot . what can I say , you be a tough sell . 113 . cam if you want I so badly , why do you work so hard to get Howard to meet I ? charlie mate selection be up to the female . I think I have give the other bird a chance . ( then ; with a shrug ) I know you want to meet he . I know it would make you happy . she smile and kiss he lightly on the cheek . charlie ( cont have ) so ... you forgive I for act crazy ? cam not even a little bit . ( then ) but I be willing to wipe the slate clean . start from square one . before square one . charlie I will pretend that I do not know you again . cam and I 'il pretend that I do not like you again . Charlie look over to Howard who be hold hand with he wife . charlie he 's marry ? ( she nod ; excited ) that make it even better that I call he ! she smile at he off - center sense of humor . cam listen , when I get back , no more flower , or balloon , or telegram , or ... monkey -gram ... charlie I promise . 119 114 . cam and when I trip over myself , I expect you to still laugh at I . charlie okay . ( then ) I will not just laugh , I 'il point . cam ( nodd ) so , I will see you when I get back . a female passenger sit two row back pipe up . female passenger Excuse I , be not you Charlie ka -- cam can it . he 's mine . and with that , she give he a kiss that literally change the cabin 's air pressure . they pull apart . Charlie be about to leave , but ... charlie oh , I almost forget . he hand she the engagement BOX . she look down at it , worried -- he 's act crazy again already . without another word , Charlie exit the plane . slowly , suspiciously , cam open the box . inside -- be a pebble . a tiny , perfect stone . she smile . int . child bedroom - night 119 ( ex - goth girl ) anisha Carter kiss she daughter good night . she walk toward she room as we hear the follow in v.0o .: cam ( v.o. ) I promise to sleep by you side , to warm you body and heart , and to nurture you soul . I promise to laugh with you when time be good , and suffer with you when they be bad ... ( more ) 120 115 . cam ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) and most of all , I promise never to make you live off you own fat . we follow anisha into she bedroom . she open a secret room in the back of she closet to reveal ( to we surprise ) a vast assortment of witchcraft paraphernalia . we continue to hear the vow ... charlie ( 0.s8 . ) I promise to be you gentoo . I will wash you tear away with my kiss and never let you stray too far away from my soul . I promise to be you safe haven in this life , to never take you for grant , but to always give you you space ... especially if you be trip or walk into door . I love you . as the vow come to a close , anisha gently pull a old elementary school photograph of Charlie out of a alter- like shrine ( complete with a home - make heart with a pin through it , a cup with musty rain water and many '' lucky '' item , such as a horseshoe , a rabbit 's foot , a four-leaf clover , etc . ) . with a satisfied smile , she start to disassemble the shrine . ext . sea world - night 120 we hear party music as the camera track into the dolphin tank exhibit . as we round the corner we see hundred of penguin waddling around in little iced cubicle , each wear they natural black - and - white tuxedo . tilt up to see hundred of wedding guest . the dolphin tank have be cover over with a glass dance - floor so that the exquisite animal swim underneath the party people . it 's unbelievably beautiful . the gang be all here -- and just about everybody be with someone they love . reba with she new guy , Carol with hers . Stacey , Katie , Nicole , pleasure , Howard with Marilyn , Joe ( wear a hemp tux ) , and even Eleanor skepple ( all with they mate ) . we finally come upon stu , he arm around lara who sport a modify bridesmay dress ( alter to make room for she third boob ) . stu look with adoration at he new bride , uttering what be perhaps he only truly sincere line in the film . 121 116 . stu do you have any idea how much I love you ? lara ( answer with a callback of stu 's earlier line ) do bridesmaid give head in the coat room ? stu I do not know . do they ? lara why do not we go find out ...? they make a quick exit toward the foyer , pass cam and Charlie who be take the floor for they '' first dance '' . Charlie spin cam , who trip on she train , stumbling back . she grab a hold of Charlie to keep herself from fall but only manage to take he with she as they both fall backward into the massive four - tiered beautifully ornate wedding care . the couple clean themselves off as all the single women gather at the edge of the dance floor for the throw of the bouquet . cam heave the flower over she shoulder . a more than able - body throw . we watch as the woman surge back to grab the fly floral arrangement . back ... back ... and ... into the water behind they . as half the wedding party trip and splashes into the whale tank , cam look back to Charlie , embarrassed ( " oops " ) , as we ... fade out : as the credit roll , we ... fade back in : super : '' one Year later '' ext . antarctica - sunset 121 a stunningly beautiful shot of cam and Charlie enjoy the once - in- a- year sunset together in the snow of Antarctica . 122 117 . int . charlie and cam 's bedroom - night 122 stu rifling through Charlie 's dresser drawer . lara be sit topless on the bed show off the most perfect set of three breast imaginable . they be mesmerize -- as she move , they bounce and sway . ( note : this be not '' total recall '' cheesy - look triple - nipple , we be talk ilm 's finest . ) lara what be you look for ? stu sex tape . why bother house - sit if you can not scope out some good old - fashioned home - make porn . suddenly -- ah-haiii stu pull out a unmark dv tape safely tuck into a old tube sock . he put the tape into the machine -- all smile and press play . on the screen -- we see cam and Charlie 's home - make sex tape . ( screenwriter 's note : I do not know if you have ever videotape yourself have sex , but let I tell you from experience , it be not pretty . most home - make tape fall into the genre of '' porn -horror '' ) . as the credit continue to roll , we see out - of - focus shot and incredibly embarrassing moment from cam and Charlie 's '' magical '' night . the beautifully shot '' movie '' version be nothing close to what really happen . some of the moment include : -- have forget it be laundry day , cam realize ( too late ) that she be wear she '' granny panty '' . -- at cam 's urging , Charlie try to '' talk nasty '' but have a hard time get the hang of it ( ie . '' ooo , yeah , bounce you boob like a ... bouncy ... hippity hop ... wait , can I start over again ? '' ) -- '' whoah , whoah , whoah ... wrong hole . '' -- Charlie try to blame the '' squeaky bed '' for what be unquestionably flatulence . -- while reach for lubrication ( which spill everywhere and make it difficult to hold the camera ) , Charlie discover cam 's stash of a zillion sex toy . 118 . -- we see some close up footage of cam and Charlie have sex ( we hear they groan in the background ) that could easily be footage of intestinal surgery on the Discovery Channel . when we cutaway to see lara and stu watch , they look to be on the verge of get sick . -- back on the tape , we see Charlie cry after the first round of sex , take with emotion . sad and pathetic . -- round two : Charlie try '' talk nasty '' again . with even less luck . '' oh , yeah , do I like ... like ... a thing that you do ... that you really like ... when you do it . uh - huh . do I sort of like that . okay , I give up . '' -- for the final shot , the camera be close on Charlie . it 's clear that cam be on top of he and they be grind passionately . we hear she orgasm , and as she do , she drop the camera -- it smack charlie in the face . ouch . the image futy out , as we go ... black :