good omen episode 1 " in the beginning " third draft tidy July 25 2015 written by Neil gaiman base on the novel " good omens " by Terry pratchett and Neil gaiman good omen episode 1 fade in : title Card : the beginning ext . the garden of eden - day almost a montage : a huge black snake slip along a tree branch . the snake 's head whisper into eve 's ear . a hand , Eve 's , pick a apple from a tree . she take a bite . Grins. pass it to adam . ( they be both tastefully naked . I would not make they white people . ) Adam also take a bite ... and then he grin lecherously at eve. tasteful blackout ... time lapse ... a rumble of supernatural thunder ! a angel in white robe ( aziraphale but we can not see he face ) , hold a flame sword , gesture impressively towards a exit gate : they have to leave ... ext . outside the garden of eden - day the Garden be wall . Inside , a perfect place of greenery . outside , something more like a desert or a African plain . Adam and Eve , now wear leaf - base clothes , in tear , be run , desperately away from the Garden . Adam be hold something we can not see . Eve be pregnant . animal roar ... ext . on the wall of the garden of eden - day watch Adam and Eve leave , be the angel , aziraphale , and beside he , on a tree , a very , very large black snake . the snake hiss loudly . aziraphale sorry . what be that ? the snake transmute into a male demon . he 's dress in black robe , as oppose to the angel 's white robe , and he eye look like the eye of a snake . ( if we do wing he be grey feather , the angel 's be white . ) Crowley I say , well , that one go down like a lead balloon . aziraphale oh . yes , it do , rather . Crowley bit of a overreaction , if you ask I . first offense and everything . and I can not see what 's so bad about know the difference between good and evil , anyway . aziraphale it must be bad . otherwise you would not have tempt they into it . Crowley they just say , get up there and make some trouble . so I do . aziraphale obviously . you be a demon . it 's what you do . Crowley not very subtle of him , though . fruit tree in the middle of a garden , with a do not touch sign . if he really do not want they to eat the apple , he could have put it on the moon . aziraphale best not to speculate . it 's all part of the ineffable plan . I do not like the look of that weather . low rumble of non-supernatural thunder on the horizon . Crowley do not you have a flame sword ? aziraphale er ... Crowley you do . it be flame like anything . what happen to it ? aziraphale er ... Crowley lose it , have you ? aziraphale ( mutter inaudibly ) I give it away . Crowley you what ? aziraphale I give it away . they look so miserable . and there be vicious animal , and it 's go to be cold out there , and she 's expect already , and I say , here you go , flame sword , do not thank I , and do not let the sun go down on you here .... I do hope I do not do the wrong thing . Crowley you be a angel . how can you do the wrong thing ? aziraphale it 's be bother I . in the distance , Adam use the flame sword on some poor lion . aziraphale wince . NB it 's pronounce azeerafail . Crowley ... I have be worry too . what if I do the right thing , with the whole eat - the-apple business . a demon can get into a lot of trouble for do the right thing . funny if we both get it wrong , eh ? aziraphale not really . not funny at all . the thunderstorm begin in earnest . title card : eleven year ago . buddy Holly 's song '' every Day '' play , beginning with a tick tick tick and ... every day , it 's a-getting closer ... ext . soho - afternoon establish shot of aziraphale 's bookshop . it 's a run-down secondhand / antiquarian bookshop of the kind you use to see lot of in London ... int . aziraphale 's bookshop - afternoon aziraphale be answer the phone . he have not change since we see he as a angel . he look like a happy , affluent , use - book dealer . he 's a kind - look gentleman whose sartorial style run to bow-ty . he think a little tartan be nifty , and would use the world nifty with pride . his bookshop be chaotic , crowded , glorious , dusty . he be sit at a table at a desk pile high with book . aziraphale first edition of gibbon 's decline and fall ? yes , I definitely have a set here somewhere . six volume , let I see , 1776 ... no , I do not know where it be , but you be welcome to come in and have a root around . and if I come across it , I could telephone you . he write down a phone number . aziraphale ( cont 'd ) happy to help . he put down the phone . make a '' I be a bit naughty but be profoundly lovable '' face ( a la boris Johnson ) . sit back in he chair , return to read he copy of gibbon 's decline and fall of the Roman Empire volume I , and drop the phone number in the bin . CUT to : ext . BT tower - evening it 's 7:30 pm in midsummer , the streetlight be go on , and people be leave they office . one person be go to work : Crowley be wear stylish very black sunglass , and a very nice suit . he be carry a clipboard and a thermos flask . his hairstyle be perfect for somewhere around a decade ago . he glance around a little theatrically . he put on a dayglo orange donkey jacket . he hang a Identity Card on a lanyard around he neck . then he walk in to the BT Tower building lobby . int . BT tower lobby - evening a security desk . behind it , a bored female security guard do a crossword . Crowley rataway pest Control . security guard I think you lot be not due in until tomorrow morning . Crowley preliminary inspection . traps go down tomorrow . my job 's to tell they where . security guard bloody everywhere . I have never see anything like it . I put down a tuna sandwich yesterday , never see it again . Health and safety close off the upper floor as a health hazard until you lot get here . int . BT tower lift - night crowley and another Security Guard be in the lift . guard 2 sunglass ? Crowley it 's my eye . guard 2 I be afraid I be not go to be able to let you wander around on you own up here . unescort . lot of communication go through here . all the mobile phone service , for a start . Crowley be that right ? int . top floor BT tower . lift - night the lift ding , and crowley and the Guard step out . the floor be empty . night lighting . but we hear a scratching . crowley look around . every surface be alive . a nose . sharp tooth . a twitch of a tail . rat . hundred of they ! tiny sinister red eye glow at we from all over . a beat , then they move -- they be come towards we ! the Guard step back into the lift . guard 2 you know . I be just go to wait here . Crowley I do not blame you . the lift door close . crowley walk forward . he take out he thermos , unscrew the top , pour himself a cup of steaming tea . and crowley ... smile . Crowley ( cont 'd ) beautiful job ! thank you all , so much man ! a lady rat chirp angrily . Crowley ( cont 'd ) and , yes , obviously , lady too . Nice job ! you can all go home . and , yeah , stay cool . int . computer room - night he walk into a room fill with computer and BT equipment . all of it old - fashioned and out - date equipment : the computer of yesteryear , and some cable . lot of green and red light flash . crowley pour he tea onto the unit . then he pour the rest of the tea from the thermos . all around the room console light start to flicker . something electronic buzze . int . BT tower lift - night crowley enter the lift . guard 2 that be quick . Crowley Left something back in the van . CUT to : int . computer room - night console light flicker . and then they start to go out . ext . BT tower STREET - night crowley walk out of the lobby . on the pavement be a businessman on a old - fashioned pre-smartphone phone . businessman no , I understand . that 's why we have to close this now . so. seventy grand . we final offer . what do you say ? and then he shake the phone . tries redialling , and we follow crowley , who be take off he jacket , past people on the pavement , a woman , woman no Arthur , you can pick I up here . I be on the corner of ... can you hear I ? hello ? ...a teenage boy ... teenage boy look , I know I kiss she at the party . but I mean , that do not mean I want to dump you . I be really sorry . I be really hullo ? hullo ? over this we can hear a telecom voice say '' we be sorry . all circuit be busy . '' and crowley be smile . what a wonderful day . check he beautiful black watch , and stress a little . he 's late . he reach he car , a beautiful vintage bentley Sports car , and pull out onto the road . int . crowley' bentley - night he fumble with the radio , and to the beat of either killer queen by queen , or a seriously rock cover of buddy Holly 's '' every day '' , he start drive through the London street at ridiculous speed . and as he drive , we see a title Card with good omen on it , and hear we narrator : narrator ( v.o . ) good omens . be a narrative of certain event occur in the last eleven year of human history , in strict accordance , as shall be show , with the Nice and accurate prophecies of agnes nutter . CUT to : ext . a graveyard - night a small country churchyard . possibly ruin . Rather creepy . we move through it slowly ... it 's misty , and brrr . narrator ( v.o . ) it be not a dark and stormy night . it should have be , but that 's the weather for you . but do not let the fog , with rain later , fool you . just because it 's a mild night do not mean the force of evil be not abroad . they be everywhere . that 's the whole point . and by now we have reach two very evil - look gentleman , stand in the shadow . one squat and monstrous , ligur . one tall , thin and monstrous , hastur . they have something -- a box - shape object -- behind they , in the dark shadow . hastur have be hand - roll a tobacco cigarette . he put it in he mouth , light it with a flame from he fingertip . in the flame 's light , we get a good look at they . they do not have horn , they wear vintage suit and shabby raincoat , but they be not human . weird eye . skin like frog , or pitte with terrible acne . they be try hard to pass for human , but not even the fog be help . narrator ( v.o. ) take this two . they have be lurking in the fog for a hour . but they have be pace themselves , and could lurk until dawn . ligur gissa drag . hastur hand he the cigarette . hastur bugger this for a lark . he should have be here a hour ago . narrator ( v.o. ) his name be hastur . he be a Duke of Hell . ligur you trust he ? narrator ( v.o. ) ligur . also a Duke of Hell . hastur nope . ligur be a funny old world if demon go around trust each other . what 's he call himself this day ? hastur crowley . ext . road - night back to titles and rocking Music . crowley , still speed , look in he rear-view mirror . a police car , behind he , turn on its blue light . Crowley no . and now the siren start . Crowley ( cont 'd ) I do not have time for this . 10 . ext . police car - night two police officer be thrilled to be do a high -speed chase in the fog . no , really they be . police 1 the nutter 's do a hundred and ten . in the fog . you know what this mean ? police 2 we get to do a hundred and fifteen . brilliant . what the hell kind of car be that ? police 1 vintage bentley , I think . come on , nutter . pull over . CUT to : int . crowley' bentley - night the noise of the siren be start to get to he . crowley , irritate , snap he finger . int . police car - night police 2 ( into police radio ) in pursuit of a speed vehicle . vintage bentley . and we be ... the Police car engine make a whining sound , and then it slow down and stop . police 2 ( cont 'd ) we be have mechanical problem . over . ext . police car - night the police car , on the side of the road . fog . the car 's steaming . they open the bonnet . we move from police officer to police officer : they look horrify and confuse . and now we look at the engine . where the engine ought to be be just GREEN goo , steaming and bubbling gently . 11 . ext . a graveyard - night ligur and hastur , still lurking . hastur crush the dog - end under he foot . we can see a little more of the object behind he . a car 's headlight approach in the fog . hastur here he come now , the flash bastard . ligur what 's that he 's drivin ' ? hastur it 's a car . a horseless carriage . do not they have they last time you be up here ? ligur they have a man walk in front with a red flag . hastur they have come on a bit since then . a car door slam . ligur what 's he like ? hastur crowley ? be up here too long . and he wear sunglass , even when he dunt need to . we look from hastur 's toad - like eye to ligur 's fly - eye , and we suspect why crowley might want to wear sunglass . crowley be saunter up the path . he stop . they stare at he . hastur ( cont 'd ) all hail Satan . ligur all hail Satan . Crowley er. hi guy . sorry I be late , but , well , you know how it be on the a40 at denham , and then I try to cut up towards chorleywood -- 12 . hastur interrupt he . hastur now we art all here , we must recount the deed of the Day . Crowley ( " we do ? oh , I remember this . '' ) of course . deed . yeah . hastur I have tempt a priest . as he walk down the street and see the pretty girl in the sun , I put doubt into he mind . he would have be a saint , but within a decade we shall have he . ligur make approve guttural throaty noise , as if this be the best thing he 's ever hear . Crowley ( politely ) Nice one . ligur I have corrupt a politician . I let he think a tiny bribe would not hurt . within a year we shall have he . hatsur hiss approval . they stare at crowley . him next . but that 's good , because he have the best one ... Crowley you will like this . we look at they face and know that they will not . Crowley ( cont 'd ) I bring down every London area mobile phone network tonight . there be a baffle silence . hastur yes ? 13 . Crowley it be not easy . I have to send rat into the BT Tower , and I have to pour tea into the network controller , while the backup system be offline for maintainance ... hastur and what exactly have that do to secure soul for we master ? Crowley oh come on ! Fifteen million piss - off people ? who take it out on each other ? who take it out on everyone else ? ruine day . ruine night . the knock - on effect be incalculable ... ligur it 's not ... craftsmanship . Crowley head office do not seem to mind . they love I down there . guy , time be change . so , what 's up ? hastur reach down and pick up the object at he foot . some kind of wicker basket . he hand it to ligur , who grin unpleasantly ... hastur this be . Crowley no . ligur yes . Crowley already ? hastur yes . Crowley and it 's up to I to ...? ligur yes. 14 . Crowley you know . this sort of ... well , it really be not my scene . ligur you scene . you star role . take it . hastur like you say . Times be change . ligur they be come to a end , for a start . Crowley why I ? hastur they love you down there . and what a opportunity . ligur here would give he right arm to be you tonight . ligur somebody 's right arm , anyway . hastur have produce a clipboard . hastur sign here . crowley write A. J. crowley on the clipboard . ligur no . you real name . crowley use the tip of he finger , and write a sigil which burn where he 's touch it . the entire sheet of paper go up like flash paper . ligur hold out the large wicker basket . it could be a dog - basket , but it 's the wrong shape ... crowley look deject . Crowley now what ? hastur you will receive instruction . why so glum ? the moment we have be work for all this century be at hand ! 15 . Crowley Centuries . ligur we moment of eternal triumph await ! crowley be force a smile . it do not convince anyone . Crowley triumph . hastur and you will be a tool of that glorious destiny ! Crowley glorious . tool. yeah . he take the basket from ligur Crowley ( cont 'd ) okay . I will , er , be off then . shall I ? get it over with . not that I want to get it over with . obviously . but you know I . keen . two implacable demon face . crowley back away down the path . Crowley ( cont 'd ) so I will be pop along . see you guy be - see you . er. great . fine. ciao . in the mist . we hear the bentley car door slam . ligur wossat mean . ciao ? hastur it 's italian . it mean '' food '' . int . japanese restaurant - night aziraphale walk in . the waitress point to he favourite table , keep free for he . the Sushi chef behind the counter say , 16 . sushi chef ( in japanese ) here be a selection of you favourite roll , honoure aziraphale - San . the waitress , who put they , along with a cup of steaming tea , on the table , and bow . aziraphale bow back . aziraphale ( in fluent japanese ) you honour I . thank you suzuki - San . he sit at he table . smile as he eat he first nibble . life be good . int . crowley' bentley - night crowley be drive . he look miserable , stress and upset . the mystery basket be on the back seat . he turn on the radio . Crowley oh. shit .... newsreader ( v.o. ) and the ft index finish up 5 point today , after vigorous trading . Crowley ..- ohshitohshitohshit . why I ? newsreader ( v.o. ) because you earn it , crowley . do not you ? Crowley leave it to I , Lord . newsreader ( v.o. ) that be what we be do , crowley . but if anything go wrong , then that involved will suffer greatly . even you , crowley . especially you . crowley nod . he 's terrify . newsreader ( v.o. ) here be you instruction . 17 . and crowley freeze for a moment , as information be download directly into he brain . ( perhaps , from behind the dark glass , he eye could glow for a moment . ) a bad idea to do this while he 's drive , because a lorry be head towards he in the fog . at the last moment , he get he brain back , and twist the steering wheel hard , slamm out of the lorry 's way , a maneuver that throw the wicker basket across the back seat . and now , for the first time , we can see what it be : a wicker bassinet . and the sleep newborn baby inside it open its eye , and it wail ... title card : bring about armageddon can be dangerous . title card : please do not attempt this in you own home . now we get the rest of the title credit . and this occur , be deal out while we be in the narrator 's world . a darken space , like a studio or a warehouse belong to a rich madman who can afford anything he want . we can see a big , beautiful , globe of the world , and a newspaper on a table . other thing that be on the table right now include a pack of card and a little wind - up dinosaur skeleton . a hand come out of the darkness , and start to rotate the globe . we narrator be authoritative and reassure : the voice of history , of science , of wisdom . as he speak thing animate : we see , first , the big bang , and scientist . the cern particle accelerator . narrator current theory on the creation of the Universe state that it come into be about twenty billion year ago . by the same token the earth itself be generally suppose to be about four and a half billion year old . ( beat ) this date be incorrect . now we see ancient scholar , work with abacus , scroll and scrap of parchment ... 18 . narrator ( cont ’d ) medieval jewish scholar put the date of the creation at 3760 BC . Greek Orthodox theologian put creation as far back as 5508 BC . ( beat ) also incorrect . now , ussher and he assistant , with a huge genealogical list of the line of Adam , and how long everyone live ... narrator ( cont ’d ) archbishop James ussher claim that the Heaven and the Earth be create in 4004 BC . one of he aide take the calculation further , and be able to announce that the Earth be create on Sunday the 21st of October , 4004 BC , at 9.00 a.m . this too be incorrect . by almost a quarter of a hour . we be back in the narrator 's space . his face be in the shadow , but he 's talk to we directly . narrator ( cont ’d ) this prove two thing : firstly , that God move in extremely mysterious way . God do not play dice with the universe ; he play a ineffable game of his own devise , which might be compare to play poker in a pitch - dark room , for infinite stake , with a Dealer who will not tell you the rule . ( beat ) secondly , the Earth 's a Libra . the narrator lean into the light and pick up the newspaper . read to we : narrator ( cont ’d ) the astrological prediction for Libra in the ' you star today ' column of the tadfield advertiser . libra . you may be feel run down and always in the same old daily round . a friend be important to you . you may be vulnerable to a stomach upset today , so avoid salad . help could come from a unexpected quarter . 19 . ext . hospital - night a green Morris Traveller be drive cautiously along the Road outside the hospital . Inside the car be deirdre Young and she husband , Arthur Young . he be in he forty , she be in she late thirty and hugely pregnant . this be she first child . but everything 's very normal ... narrator ( v.o . ) this be perfectly correct on every count except for the bit about the salad . deirdre be we there yet ? Arthur ? Seven minute apart . mr young it 's definitely this way . it 's just the road look all different int he dark ... deirdre the nun say to come in when they be seven to ten minute apart . mr young it 's a bit , um . well . nuns. deirdre do we have any egg and cress sandwich ? Mrs Young reach for a sandwich , and as she do so , have a contraction ... a sirene motorcade zoom past they -- a ambulance , follow by three black car . deirdre ( cont 'd ) Arthur . just follow they . int . ambulance - night suddenly rapid-cutting , ultra-adrenaline : the ambulance be go at speed . in it be harriet dowling , the movie-star - beautiful wife of the american cultural attache to London . very pregnant . stand near she , and be throw around be two secret service agent . holding a video screen , and a video camera . it 's a pre-skype video hookup from the old day . 20 . on the video screen we can see tad ( thaddeus J ) dowling , cultural attache , back in the US , soon to be presidential hopeful , in a White House meeting . he 's talk to she : tad dowling breathe , honey . just breathe . harriet I be breathe , goddammit , tad . why be not you here ? tad dowling honey . I be with you . I be just also here with the President . president BUSH hey harriet . sorry we have to borrow you husband . tad dowling hon , I have better get back to the strategy conference . harriet you be mean to be with I , you useless sonofabitch ( contraction ) . tad dowling honey , you be go to the best place we could find at short notice . the , uh ... secret service # 1 St beryl 's convent birthing Hospital , sir . tad dowling St beryl 's . right . honey , you just keep on have the baby . i’1l be right here with you . birth be the single most joyous co - experience that two human being can share , and I be not go to miss a second of it . president BUSH tad . if we can return to the matter in hand ? tad dowling I ’1ll get back to you honey . and the screen go blank . Mrs dowling bite back some really impressive swear . 21 . int . ST beryl 's convent - night a old convent , part of which have be convert into a small birthing hospital . we be look at a dozen nun . the mother Superior be face they . the satanic nature of the place be give away by the upside - down Cross on the wall beside the mother Superior . mother superior the child of the american cultural attache . everything be ready . tonight , it begin . sister mary loquacious Excuse I mother Superior but I be wonder where the other baby be go to come from , not the american baby , I mean that 's obvious , that 's just the bird and the bee , but the , you know -- mother superior Mr crowley be on he way with we dark master to be , sister Mary loquacious . now . we be nun of the chatter order of Saint beryl . and tonight be what we order be create for . we can hear the ambulance sire draw up outside . mother superior ( cont ’d ) place ! and the nun begin to move , and as they do , they begin to chat to each other , each one say whatever 's on she mind . mother Superior reach out and tip the upside down cross right - way up . and she smile . ext . ST beryl 's convent - night behind the ambulance and the motorcade of Black Cars , we see a Green Morris Traveller . deirdre right. 22 . int . ST beryl 's convent reception - night we watch as two thing be happen at the same time . harriet dowling be wheeled in , follow by a secret service man with a video camera , other secret service men say thing like '' clear ! '' into they earpiece , and all be commotion ... meanwhile Mr and Mrs Young walk up to the front desk . he 's carry a little suitcase . deirdre Excuse I . deirdre Young . I phone . contraction now five minute apart . sister teresa garrulous welcome to St beryl 's . we be all ready for you . room Three . deirdre turn to Mr Young , take the suitcase . deirdre obviously Arthur will be with I , while I be in labour ... sister teresa garrulous I do not think so . we believe father just ... complicate the process for everybody . deirdre but -- Mr Young look relieved . mr young not go to argue with nuns. nurse . know what they be do , deirdre . I will be . um . he produce he pipe , from he pocket . deirdre glare at he as she be sweep off in a storm of nun ... CUT to : 23 . ext . ST beryl 's convent - night Mr Young walk out into the driveway to smoke he pipe . he tamp down some tobacco -- clearly a man for whom the ritual of smoking be more important than actually smoking itself . he start look for he lighter ... narrator ( v.o . ) it may help to understand human affair if you notice that most of the great triumph and tragedy of history be cause , not by people be fundamentally good or fundamentally bad , but by people be fundamentally people . and a vintage bentley pull up . crowley get out , grab the carry - cot , and head towards we . Crowley have it start yet ? mr young they make I go out . Crowley any idea how long we have get ? mr young I think we be , er , get on with it , Doctor . Crowley get it . what room be she in ? mr young we be in room Three . int . ST beryl 's convent corridor - night we be in the corridor . look at sister Mary , from the Pov of the baby in the carrycot . sister mary loquacious be that he ? Crowley yup . sister mary loquacious only I would expect funny eye . or teensy - weensy little hoofikin . or a widdle tail . 24 . she 's take the baby out of the carrier and be turn it over ... Crowley it 's definitely he . sister mary loquacious Fancy I hold the Antichrist . and count he little toesy - wosy ... do you look like you daddy ? I bet you do . I bet you look like you daddywaddykins .... Crowley he do not . take he up to room three . CUT to : int . hospital room three - night watch sister Mary outside the room , with a three on it -- from further down the corridor the secret service Men glare at she suspiciously . Mary go in , with the antichrist baby , to the room in which deirdre Young be asleep . Mrs Young have baby B in a bassinet sleep soundly beside she . sister Mary carefully take the id tag off the Young 's baby , and just as carefully attaches it to the Antichrist baby . sister Mary look at the two baby . they look quite similar , do not they ? she put on the kettle . a hesitant knock on the door . Mr Young . mr young have it happen yet ? I be the father . the husband . both . mary ooh yes . congratulation . you lady wife 's asleep , poor pet . Mr Young look down at the baby . baby B and the Antichrist baby . mr young twin ? nobody say anything about twin . 25 . mary oh , no ! this one 's yours . the other one 's ... someone else 's . just look after he . no , this one 's definitely yours , you ambassadorship . from the top of he head to the tip of he hoofywoofy - which he have not get . mr young all , er , present and correct , be he ? mary oh , yes . normal . very , very normal . you do not have much of a accent . have you be over here long ? mr young about ten year . the job move , you see , and I have to move with it . mary it must have be very different where you be before . she 's make tea . mr young er ... mary taller building , for one thing . mr young there 's the Alliance and Leicester office . ( he 's give tea ) oh , thank you . mary and I expect you go to a lot of her garden party . mr young well , fete mainly . deidre make jam for they , you know . and I sometimes have to help with the White elephant . mary I expect they be tribute . I read where this foreign potentate give she majesty all sort of thing . ( more ) 26 . mary ( cont 'd ) be you sure you want tea ? there 's actual coffee in one of the vendible machine on the second floor . mr young tea 's fine . mary my word . you have go native , have not you ...? int . delivery room four - night everything in this delivery room be fast - cut , with adventurous camera move and pounding music : we see the sweat on forehead , sharp lighting . it be a much bigger delivery room , which be good because it have to fit a lot of people . we have we secret service men , one of they with he video camera , one of they hold up a small screen , a couple of minor US official , nurse nun , and harriet dowling , in the process of give birth to baby a , loudly and angrily . secret service # 1 the Eagle be landing . repeat . the Eagle be landing . two nun give each other significant look . one of they , sister Teresa garrulous , nod and leave . more pounding music . CUT to : int . a concert hall - night a intimate classical concert , somewhere nice , like a art museum . a string quintet ( two cellos ) be play schubert 's string quintet . the melody wash over a beam and well - feed aziraphale , sit happily in the well - dress audience , at perfect peace with the world . CUT to : 27 . int . corridor - night pound music . sister Teresa garrulous be not actually run down the corridor , but she be move as fast as she can , scan every open room as she pass ... CUT to : int . hospital room three - night sister Mary be present Mr Young with a selection of pink iced biscuit . sister mary loquacious now this be what we call '' bis - cuit '' , but you will be look at they and go ( fingerquote ) '' cookie '' ! mr young no , I definitely call they biscuit . blam ! the door open , Mrs Young stir in she bed , and sister Teresa enter , to see : sleep baby B ... Mr Young ... sleep the Antichrist baby ... sister Mary ... sleep Mrs Young ... her puzzle glance return to the baby ... sister Teresa look furious , but only for a second . she look at sister Mary and wink . sister Mary point at baby B and wink . sister Teresa look happy , wheel the bassinet with baby B in it out of the door , and take off down the corridor with it ... sister Mary smile happily . freeze frame . the narrator walk in front of the freeze frame , hold a long pointer . narrator as method of human communication go , the wink be quite versatile . for example , sister Teresa 's wink mean , 28 . sister Teresa come through the door , furious : sister teresa garrulous where the hell have you be ? we be ready to make the switch , and here 's you in the wrong room with the adversary , destroyer of king , angel of the bottomless pit , great Beast that be call Dragon , Prince of this World , Father of lies , spawn of Satan , and Lord of darkness , drink tea . do you realize I have nearly be shot ? narrator and , as far as she be concerned , sister Mary 's answer wink mean : sister Mary look up from she tea , and say , sharp , sexy and out of character ( the voice could be do by sister Teresa ) : sister mary loquacious this child be the adversary , destroyer of king , angel of the bottomless pit , great Beast that be call Dragon , Prince of this World , Father of lies , spawn of Satan and Lord of darkness . but I can not speak freely now because there 's this outsider here . narrator sister Mary , on the other hand , have think that the orderly 's wink be more on the line of : sister Teresa be now voice by sister Mary . sister teresa garrulous well do , that sister Mary - switch over the baby all by herself . now indicate to I the superfluous child and I shall remove it and let you get on with you tea with he Royal excellency the american Culture . narrator and therefore she own wink have mean : 29 . sister mary loquacious there you go , dearie ; that one 's baby B , now take he away and leave I to chat to he excellency . he 's tell I all about the Queen and she elephant . back to reality : sister mary loquacious ( cont ’d ) have you pick a name for he yet ? int . delivery room four - night sister Teresa hand baby B to Mrs dowling : sister teresa garrulous here 's you little man back . all clean up and weigh . the secret service man edge forward nervously . one be still filming : Mrs dowling show the baby to he camera . mrs dowling look , honey . we son . thaddeus dowling he 's beautiful , hon . what a little tyke , huh ? see he make I understand what 's important in life . it 's not work . I be go to teach he to play baseball , and on Sunday we will go fishing and , sorry hon , that 's someone on the other line . the awkwardness of the moment be increase as the mother Superior , whom we have not see enter the room , say , ominously : mother superior you must name the child . harriet well , we be go to name he thaddeus , after he pop . and he pop 's pop ... mother superior damien 's a excellent name . harriet damien dowling ? too alliterative . 30 . mother superior warlock , then . it 's a old English name . a good name . harriet look down at little warlock . harriet hello , warlock . int . room three - night deirdre Young be still asleep , as be the Antichrist baby . sister Mary be get into the name . mr young damien ? no , I have fancie something more , well , traditional . we have always go in for good simple name in we family . sister mary loquacious cain . very modern sound , cain , really . mr young hmm . sister mary loquacious or there 's always .. . well , there 's always Adam . mr young Adam ? hm. Adam ... and at that moment , the baby wake , and open its eye , and start to cry ... and the baby , waking , wake deirdre Young , deirdre oh . give he here , George . come on little one ... she reach for the cry baby and prepare to breastfeed . mr young you know , deirdre , I think he look like a Adam . int . crowley' bentley - night crowley have a hand free call system : he 's drive and say , 31 . Crowley call aziraphale . carphone system Calling aziraphale . phone system we be sorry . all circuit be busy . we be sorry . all circuit be ... int . the bookshop - night aziraphale enter , hum schubert . hang up he coat . the phone on the desk ring ... aziraphale glare at it . he want to let it ring . then he pick it up . aziraphale I be afraid we be quite definitely close . int . village phone BOX - night crowley be stand in the last village phonebox in England to have a work payphone in it . Crowley it 's I . we have to talk . it 's the Big one . aziraphale crowley . '' the Big one '' . really ? be not that a little melodramatic , even for you ? Crowley do not be like that , aziraphale . I will explain when I see you . usual place . usual time . aziraphale what 's the usual time ? Crowley whenever I get up . aziraphale ten thirty ? Crowley one-ish . 32 . aziraphale when you say '' the Big one.. '' you do mean ...? Crowley armageddon . yeah . he break the connection . int . aziraphale 's book shop - night aziraphale look like someone 's punch he in the stomach ... aziraphale oh dear . CUT to : ext . african road - day a dusty red-paint truck rumble along a dusty road that 's little more than a track . African music , African animal . a beautiful establish shot . title card : I ext . african village - day a quiet , perfect village . Children run , laugh through the street . a woman sit beside she ware in the market . and there 's a gunshot ... -..no . it 's a truck , backfire . we see it limping through the main road , and then it make some noise truck should not make , and stop completely . the driver get out and lift the trunk : thick smoke come out . a African passer - by walk over . passer -by that do not look good . the driver look up , and we discover that she be a white woman in she 20 with the most amazing flame- red hair . she have a american accent . she 's call scarlett . she be war . scarlett nope . it 's not . be there a bar around here ? somewhere I can make a phone call ? 33 . passer - by over there . but you can not just leave you truck here . without a look back , she walk over to the bar ... int . african bar — day scarlett open a bottle of beer by casually slamm it and she hand against the counter , and drain it . the bartender be a bored African woman in she mid 30 . scarlett I get a truck . the engine 's shot . anyone around here I can talk to ? bartender only Nathan . but he 's go back to kaunda to he father - in - law 's farm . scarlett when 's he come back ? bartender a week . perhaps two week . ext . african road the passer - by walk around the truck . then he peek inside ... there be a lot of box in there . and the box be all stencill with warning . High explosive . ammunition . guns. rocket launcher ... int . african bar - day a elderly payphone in the corner . scarlett be talk . scarlett yeah , I know you pay for the shipment . you will just have to wait another two week to start you war . there be two men sit at a corner table , have a easy - go conversation , drink and laugh . scarlett ( cont ’d ) do not be like that . no , you listen to I . no . ( more ) 34 . scarlett ( cont ’d ) you may have buy the equipment , but it begin when I get there ... really ? really ? she put down the phone , sit down at the table with the man . scarlett ( cont ’d ) hey . when be the last war in this part ? the two man look at each other . bar customer 1 I do not think we have ever have one . bar customer 2 we do not go in for thing like that here . bar customer 1 no! 1952 . in the town square ... bar customer 2 that be not a war . and they both feel a bit silly when they wake up ... scarlett get up and walk out of the bar ... ext . african road - day she look out at the lazy African paradise . scarlett oh , what the hell . I need a holiday anyway . time shift ... ext . african road - evening it 's 24 hour later . a explosion rock the street . a group of men in improvise uniform come charge down the street . a rattling of sub-machine gun fire take they out . they fall . a wounded boy behind they lob a grenade ... we follow the grenade behind improvise sandbag . the people back there see the grenade , and look horrify , as it blow up ... we look at the corpse on the street . 35 . and then we see the empty truck . five woman , one of they the bartender , be up on the truck . they have a rocket launcher . bartender if the rebel want War , we will give they war , my sister ... ext . airport - night a busy African airport . scarlett , not a hair out of place , be talk to a a African businessman in the lounge . businessman ..+- which be why microeconomics be much more interesting than people believe . and what about you , miss ? scarlett you know , I think maybe it 's time for a new profession ... I think I have like to be a journalist . businessman a agony auntie ? scarlett a war correspondent . ext . ST jamess park duckpond - morning it 's morning in St James 's Park . it feel like a spy movie . we narrator be sit on the park bench . he be eat a sandwich . narrator they say the duck in St James 's park be so use to be feed by secret agent , that they have develop pavlovian reaction to they . we pull back from he . there be people around the pond , all pretend that they be not secret agent have clandestine meeting . we can see a Russian and a american have a meeting , a british agent and a chinese , a french and a brazilian . in each case , they be pretend to feed the duck . 36 . russian agent ( toss black bread ) rudnitsky 's go triple . british agent ( cucumber sandwich ) if the treaty be sign , it will have global repercussion ... french agent ( baguette ) we will match they offer ... narrator the Russian cultural attache 's black bread be particularly seek after by the more discern duck . crowley and aziraphale have be meeting here for several hundred year . aziraphale be toss he breadcrust to a drake . the drake peck at it , then squawk , and die . crowley have come up behind aziraphale . they talk without look at each other , like the other spy do . aziraphale really , my dear . be that necessary ? Crowley sorry . the drake return to life , quack and paddle off . aziraphale we know something be go on , of course . I have make enquiry . a american diplomat . really ? as if armagedden be a cinematographic show you wish to sell in as many country as possible . Crowley the Earth and all the kingdom thereof . aziraphale look at crowley for the first time . aziraphale we will win , of course . 37 . Crowley you really believe that ? aziraphale obviously . Heaven finally triumph over hell . it 's all go to be rather lovely . crowley start walk through the park . aziraphale reluctantly follow he . Crowley out of interest , how many first class composer do you lot have in Heaven ? because mozart 's one of ours . Beethoven . schubert . all the bach ... aziraphale they have already write they music ... Crowley and you will never hear it again . no more Albert Hall . no more glyndebourne . no more prom . no compact disk . just celestial harmony . aziraphale oh dear . Crowley and that 's just the start of what you will lose if you win . no more fascinating little restaurant where they know you . no gravlax with dill sauce . no more old bookshop . no more Regency Silver snuffbox . aziraphale but after we win , life will be better for everybody . Crowley you will be about as happy with a harp as I will be with a pitchfork . aziraphale we do not play harp . 38 . Crowley and we do not use pitchfork . you know what I mean . aziraphale but it have to happen . the four horseman will ride out . the Seas will turn to blood ... Crowley the seas be fine just as they be . it 's where you sushi come from . they have reach crowley 's bentley . he 's park it on the mall , somewhere you can not park . it already have a wheelclamp on it , and a traffic warden be walk around it , write thing down in he notebook , because this be the past , when they have notebook . Crowley ( cont 'd ) we have get about a decade . then it 's all over . you have to help I . aziraphale no . Crowley I be serious . it 's the end of the world we be talk about . not some little temptation I have ask you to cover for I while you be in Edinburgh for the festival . you can not just say no . aziraphale no . Crowley we can do something . I have get a idea . aziraphale i. am. not. interested . a breath . crowley be about to fall apart . but he pull himself together . Crowley Fair enough . let 's have lunch . I still owe you one from ... aziraphale glare at he . then soften ... 39 . aziraphale Paris . 1793 . Crowley oh , yes . the reign of terror . be that one of yours or one of ours ? they get in to the car ... the wheelclamps vanish . aziraphale can not recall . quite a nice restaurant though . the traffic warden , who be look triumphant , be startle when he notebook burst into flame as the bentley drive away . Crowley I do not mean to do that . aziraphale that be I . I think you people invent they . Crowley really ? I think they be yours . int . fancy restaurant - day we pan across a restaurant . it 's a fancy restaurant . dry ice and liquid nitrogen . molecular gastronomy . it 's very fancy ... aziraphale and crowley be look around . Crowley ah. sorry about this . under new management . still the most expensive restaurant in London . just now it 's molecular gastronomy . apparently they use , er , molecule . aziraphale not really my kind of thing . Crowley what be you kind of thing ? aziraphale well , they always do a lovely high tea at the ritz . crowley sigh and turn around . they leave .... 40 . but we remain in the restaurant . we pan across until we meet the owner of the restaurant ... raven sable , who be american , dress in black , and have the kind of beard popularise by the late Roger delgado , or fail that , Max maven . he look sinister without try . he be famine . title Card : ii sable look on with approval as a waiter bring he dining partner , frannie , he accountant and Financial manager , a nearly empty but beautiful plate ... waiter you main course , madam . Chicken froth , on a reduction of broccoli gel , with a mushroom foam . and the chef recommend this , first ... he hand she a balloon ... frannie what be it ? it look like a balloon . waiter a balloon fill with lavender - scent air . inhale it , then eat you dinner . frannie I need another glass of wine . waiter of course . sable bon appetite , frannie . so . you see the latest royalty statement ? frannie be hungry . the molecular gastronomy be lose on she ... frannie 12 million copy , Dr sable . sable c’mon . eat hearty . molecular gastronomy . amazing , huh ? frannie it 's a lot of copy ... sable I be think about this place . all the money this folk pay to stay hungry . yeah . I think it 's time to expand . frannie a new line of diet book ? sable much more than that . it 's time to go corporate . a chain of fast food outlet . factory . the whole schmear . they be interrupt by sherryl , a fashion model . 41 . horrendously underweight . beautiful but dear god how can a human be be that thin ...? sherryl uh. Dr sable . I hope you do not mind I interrupt you . but you book . it change my life ... sherryl . two rs. and a y. she put the book down on the table . sable 's photo cover -- '' the d-plan diet . '' and the subtitle '' slim beautiful -- terminally ! '' he sign , say : sable why indeed ? there . a quote from the book of the revelation of St John . sherryl you do not know how much this mean to I . she back away . frannie that girl look like she 's starve to death . sable she be . she 's die of hunger right now . so. corporate ... frannie have a ultrathin , ultralight black laptop . stabbing at it ... be on the yourself she 's 42 . frannie already on it . we can buy into Holdings ( Holdings ) Incorporated for the initial Lichtenstein toehold . we use the Cayman Islands as a ... Dr sable ? be you listen ? sable sorry -- it just occur to I . I have never see a room full of rich people so hungry ... ext . aziraphale 's book shop - day crowley and aziraphale be head down the pavement to the Book shop . aziraphale I have several very nice little chateuneuf De pape in the back . I pick up a dozen case of they in 1921 , and I still have a couple of bottle leave , for special occasion . Crowley not very big on wine in Heaven , be they ? not go to get any more nice little chateuneuf De pape in Heaven . or single malt scotch . or little cocktail with umbrella . aziraphale I tell you , crowley . I be not help you . I be not interested . this be purely social . I be a angel . you be a demon . we be hereditary enemy . get thee behind I , foul fiend ! he unlock the door to the bookshop . aziraphale ( cont 'd ) after you . ext . oil tanker - day white be in he twenty . he 's beautiful , in a dirty sort of way . everything about he , overall , face , hair , be slightly grimy ... he 's mop a deck of a oil tanker ... freeze on he face . 43 . narrator ( v.o . ) he 's call White , or albus , or chalky , or snowy . he 's have lot of interesting job in lot of interesting place ... he 's help design the petrol engine , plastic and the ring - pull can ... he can turn he hand to anything , Mr White . title Card : III White be walk through the tanker 's deck . he pass the Captain 's cabin : shot , captain in bed , a hand release a empty bottle to the floor of the cabin . it roll away and back . White pass a toilet . the noise of someone have a miserable time be sick emerge as he pass . White walk through the galley , where the second mate be pass the time by toss peanut into the air and catch they in he mouth . or fail to catch they ... narrator ( v.o . ) the captain be drunk in he cabin . the first mate be sick with a tummy bug . the second mate be in the galley . and that do not matter , because the tanker be almost entirely automated . White reach a door mark restricted access . the door swing open as he get there . narrator there 's almost nothing leave for a person can do . there 's a small video cam unit in a corner , and a black and white monitor show what 's go on inside . White isn 't on it . int . restricted area - day white walk to the emergency cargo release switch . it say '' insert key to initialise emergency cargo release '' . he lick a finger , thoughtfully , and twirl it in the air ... as if in sympathy , lock turn , with no key in it . 44 , White flick the cargo release switch into the release position . white ( gently . wistfully . ) oops . birdseye view : the tanker - day we see the tanker below we , and , all around it a huge black oil spill spread out across the blue of the sea . narrator afterwards , there be a huge amount of discussion as to whose fault it be . neither the captain , the first or the second mate ever work again ... ext . tanker deck - day the captain , first mate and second mate be lead off , daze , in handcuffs , by police ... a tiny ship , a little steamer , as different as can possibly be from the gleam huge tanker , be passing in the background . we zoom in on it .... narrator but no - one give any think to able seaman White ... ext . SMALL ship - day and there be White , eat crisp on the deck of the steamer . he toss the empty crisp packet overboard . behind he , we pan up to see , be rusting barrel each stencill with weedkiller -- toxic -- extremely dangerous and death 's head ... narrator nobody ever do . ext . aziraphale 's book shop - night establish shot of the outside of the shop . soho ... 45 . int . aziraphale 's book shop we move through the bookshop , listen to they conversation , until we reach the back room . there be a lot of bottle of wine and spirit on the various surface , along with the teeter pile of book , the regency snuff box display . crowley be drunker than aziraphale , but they be both drunk . aziraphale so what . exactly . is. your. Point ? Crowley my point be . my point be . the point I be try to make be ... the dolphin . that 's my point . aziraphale kind of fish . Crowley nononono , ' S mammal . you actual mammal . difference be ... neither of they be very clear on the difference . aziraphale mate out of water ? Crowley do not think so . something about they young . not the point . the point be . they brain . he pour himself a huge glass of wine . it take a lot to get supernatural being drunk . aziraphale what about they brain ? Crowley Big brain . that 's my point . size of . size of . size of damn big brain . not to mention whale . Brain city , whale , take it from I . aziraphale kraken . great big bugger . suppose to rise to the surface right at the end , when the sea boil . 46 . Crowley that 's my point , whole sea bubbling , dolphin , whale , everybody turn into bouillab , bouillab , fish soup . not they fault . same with gorilla . whoops , they say , sky go all red , star crash to ground , what they put in the bananas this day ? aziraphale all creature great and small . poor little , big ... Crowley and you know what make it worse . when it 's all go . you be go to have to deal with ... eternity ! crowley make a huge gesture and send a glass and content fly . it smashes , loudly . aziraphale gesture , and it reform , slightly drunkenly . aziraphale eternity ? crowley have find aziraphale 's collection of theatre programme . Crowley it will not be so bad at first . no Stephen sondheim first night in eternity . but I have be assure he have a fondness for Andrew Lloyd Webber musical . and he really love the sound of Music . Fancy spend eternity watch that ? you could literally climb every mountain over and over and over ... crowley walk around the back room ... aziraphale I do not like it any more than you , but I tell you . I can not disod - not do what I be tell . ' m a'nangel . I ... ( pause ) I can not cope with this while be drunk . I be go to sober up . Crowley I too . 47 . he close he eye , and jerk : we watch the all bottle around the room refill with alcohol . crowley and aziraphale look like people who have just become un - drunk and do not like it . ext . hospital - night Mr Young drive the car up to the Main door . deirdre come out , with the baby . a bunch of chatter nun wave goodbye , still chatter . over this we hear crowley and aziraphale talk . int . aziraphale 's book shop - night crowley be pace , impatiently . put cork back into wine bottle , perhaps . aziraphale be agitate . they be both sober . and aziraphale be come over to the dark side . aziraphale look ! it 's not that I disagree with you . but I be a angel . I be not allow to disobey . Crowley you think I be ? aziraphale you be a demon . you love to disobey . Crowley my people be only into disobedience in general term . not when it apply to they . aziraphale even if I want to help , I could not ! I can not interfere with divine plan . crowley get a idea ... Crowley what about diabolical one ? my lot have put the baby in play , after all . you can interfere with that ! aziraphale but ... it 's still part of the overall divine plan . it 's all part of the divine plan . 48 . Crowley then you can not be certain that thwart I be not part of the divine plan too . I mean , you be suppose to thwart the wile of the evil one at every turn , be not you ? aziraphale well ... Crowley you see a wile , you thwart . be I right ? aziraphale broadly . actually I encourage human to do the actual -- Crowley the Antichrist be here . but birth be just the start . it 's the upbringing that 's important . it 's the influence . and the evil influence -- that 's all I ! aziraphale if you put it that way , Heaven could not actually mind I thwart you ... Crowley it would be a real feather in you wing . aziraphale look at he , doubtfully . then he reach out a hand , and crowley and aziraphale shake hand on it . Crowley ( cont 'd ) we will be godfather , sort of . over - see he upbringing . he will not be evil . he will be normal . aziraphale you know , I would never have think of that . godfather . well , I will be damned . Crowley it 's not that bad . once you get use to it . we hear a crack of thunder ... 49 . ext . a hillside above the hospital - night a storm have begin . there 's a motorcade , ready to take the dowling baby away . Mrs dowling come out of the door , with the baby . we pull back : from the top of a nearby hill , hastur step from the shadow . the mother Superior and sister Grace voluble run up the hill . mother superior we Mission be do , Lord hastur . the baby be in place . hastur no need for the convent any longer , then . or for the order . mother superior I be afraid I -- hastur you order be dissolve . mother superior we be what ? sister grace voluble now hang on a moment . we do everything that be ask of we . what about we reward ? hastur you irritate I . you talk too much . sister grace voluble we be a chatter order . we say exactly what be on we mind , and right now , what 's on my mind be that you can not treat we like -- hastur reach out and put he hand over sister Grace 's mouth , and squeeze . she die . hastur look at the mother Superior . hastur do you want to tell they the order be dissolve ? or do you want they all to perish in the fire . mother superior ( shake ) Fire ? 50 . hastur gesture . lightn strike the roof of the Hospital . the mother Superior look at he , and then run back down the hill . hastur begin to laugh , and it 's absorb by the thunder . the light of the fire brigade be come ... dissolve to : montage : we hold on the fall body of the late sister Grace voluble . and then we move from she to the fall body in the African Village Square . from there to sherryl the supermodel from the restaurant , in bed , dead . from there to dead fish , float in a oil spill ... and from there back to the weedkiller boat , and we close in on the death 's head on the poison sign . the sign of the grin skull . title : iv over all this : narrator and there 's a fourth . he 's everywhere , and what he do be what he be . he be not wait . he 's work . although in a manner of speak , he 's wait for we all . CUT to : ext . warlock 's residence - day it 's fancy , and there be secret service man outside . we see a Mary poppin style nanny walk towards the house , with she back to we . the doorbell be press . the door be open . and the nanny , wear dark glass , remind we of crowley . she 's sexy and domineer . nanny I understand you need a nanny . 51 . ext . warlock 's back door - day the back door be open . a saintly friar- like gardener , big victorian gaffer sideburn , angelic , with a spade , who perhaps remind we a little of aziraphale , possibly chew a grass -blade , raise he hat and say , gardener they do say as you moight be lookin’ for a gardener . ext . warlock 's residence garden - day title card : six year ago a small boy in a garden . brother Francis , the gardener , be feed the bird ... young warlock , age about 5 , wander over : young warlock hello brother Francis . gardener hullo , Young warlock . my , you be grow fast . you must be all of ... young warlock five . I be five . what 's that ? gardener brother sparrow . and here 's brother snail ... sister slug. remember , warlock , as you grow , to have love and reverence for all live thing . young warlock nanny say live thing be only fit to be ground under my heel , brother Francis . gardener do not listen to she . listen to I . int . warlock 's bedroom - night nanny have wound up the spooky music BOX and the thing that cast scary shadow on the wall . Young warlock be in bed . 52 . young warlock will you sing I a lullaby , nanny ? nanny of course , dear . ( sing ) go to sleep and dream of pain / doom and darkness , blood and brain / sleep so sweet , my darling boy / you will rule , when Earth 's destroy . young warlock Francis say that I must be kind and nice to everybody . and hug they . even brother slug . and not destroy the earth . nanny do not listen to he . listen to I . ext . london bus - day the top deck of a bus . aziraphale be read a paper . crowley sit down next to he . Crowley he 's too normal . aziraphale not at all . it 's work . the heavenly influence be balance out the hellish . a no score draw . Crowley I hope you be right . six year to go . int . lift - day cut between crowley and aziraphale enter lift , and push button for the top floor and the bottom . int . office hell - day crowley get out of the lift . he saunter over to reception . muzak in background . Crowley er. crowley . annual report . 53 . receptionist room five . crowley walk down a dull corridor , past identical door . door four open , and hastur come out , along with a blast of fire and scream from inside . he 's dusting himself off . Crowley hastur . hastur crowley . they both go through door 5 . int . door 5 - no daylight it 's a office . it 's shadowy , which be good , as we do not want to see the entity to whom crowley be report in too much detail . dagon tell uss about the boy warlock . Crowley he 's a remarkable child . hastur be he evil ? Crowley fantastically evil . ligur kill anyone yet ? Crowley not yet . but there 's more to evil than just kill people . vague noise of agreement from hellish entity : crowley have a point . ligur yeah . but it 's fun . int . heavenly office - day we be at the top of a skyscraper , look out over London . aziraphale 's meeting be very similar . nicer decor . the incredibly well - dress , nice man and woman he 's talk to have face that seem slightly burn out by light . 54 . aziraphale and I feel that , on a deep level , the child be be influence towards the light . by I . angel # 1 that sound very commendable . excellent work , aziraphale . as usual . angel # 2 yes. but aziraphale . we will be most understanding should you fail . after all , war be to be win . angel # 1 not avoid . angel # 2 still . as he like to say . climb every mountain . angel # 1 Ford every stream . and we finish on aziraphale 's face , as he wince . title card : the present day . title card : tuesday . int . british museum - day warlock , a couple of day before he 11th birthday , be be drag about the british Museum by he mother . mrs dowling honey . look . it 's old . and educational . warlock it 's dumb . mrs dowling it 's not dumb , sweetie . it 's thumbscrews . warlock dumbscrew more like . can we talk about my birthday party ? 55 . Mrs dowling drag he over to the next exhibit . we pull back to see that crowley and aziraphale be both watch . Crowley thumbscrews ! what normal kid do not like torture ? aziraphale but it 's good he 's not interested in torture ! be not it ? Crowley I do not know . aziraphale so . I hear that you people will be send he a Hell hound . Crowley it 's the start of it all . he have to name it : stalk by night , or Throat - — ripper or something . but if we have do we job , properly , he will send it away , unnamed . aziraphale and if he do name it ? Crowley then you and I have lose . he 'il have all he power , and armageddon will be just around the corner . aziraphale at he birthday party ? Crowley yes . aziraphale we should be there . in fact ... ( he 's just have a idea ) I could . entertain . Crowley no . please , no . aziraphale ( wiggling he finger ) I would just need to get back in practice . attempt a french Drop with a coin . drop it . fumble around to pick it up , irritate tourist . 56 . Crowley do not do this . please . I be actually begging you , and you have no idea how demean that be . please . ext . warlock 's party - day we be in a huge tent in warlock 's back garden . it 's a party ! birthday balloon . we have a couple of dozen eleven year old , all very well dress . warlock be wear a 11 badge , the kind you get off a birthday card . we also have some secret service officer . the same one we see eleven year ago , just a little older . we have caterer , all wear white food - serve jacket , even crowley , who seem to be in charge of they , and be wait by the cake . there be trifle and jelly and such . crowley look down in embarrassment . the kid all look bewilder -- horrify -- sadden . because , up on a little stage ... it 's aziraphale ! dress in the style of a victorian conjurer , top hat and tail and all , in clothes he buy a hundred and fifty year ago and have not work for fifty , and have never dry clean , proud as punch . the amazing mister fell and he remarkable feat of prestidigitation be paint on a peel old canvas in front of he . he have a little collapsible table , a magic wand , and he 's in heaven . right now , he 's show they he hat . aziraphale now you see my old top hat ? where do you get that hat , as you young un do say ? well , you also see that there be nothing inside my perfectly normal top hat such as any of you might wear on a trip to the confectioner . but wait ! what be this ? could it be we furry friend , Harry the rabbit ? a rabbit be produce from the hat . the kid be unimpress . warlock Dumb . it be in the table . 57 . girl 1 you say there be go to be cartoon . I get cartoon at my birthday . a I get a ipad a I get a iphone a I get a smartwatch a I get a ... girl 2 you be rubbish . boy 1 Excuse I . Excuse I . she 's right , you know . you be actually rubbish . crowley be look around for the Black hound . he look at the clock -- 2 minute to 3 . check he watch : almost 3 ... aziraphale ( press on ) do any of you young an have such a thing as a thruppeny bit about you person ? no ? well , what 's that behind you ear ? crowley be count the second now . five , four , three , two ... int . hell , dog hangar hastur and ligur . they be stand in a huge aircraft-hangar like building in Hell . a huge portcullis-like gate behind they . we can not see the animal in there , but it would appear to be about thirty foot high and terrifying . it growls . they be eyeing it nervously . a disposable demon near they , eye it with stark terror . hastur that 's ... that 's a hell hound all right . ligur it 's big . hastur it will be what he want it to be . you ! get in there . open the gate ! disposable demon I ? hastur you . yeah . watch out for he tooth . 58 . hastur and ligur watch , as the demon vanish off . Hell hound growl . the sound of a winch gate lift ... then a scream from the disposable demon . hastur and ligur wince . sound of a disposable demon be eat . ligur it 's not like you do not tell he to look out for the tooth . hastur Point . now . he 's free to find he master ... they look up , scared , as the shadow of something huge go past they ... int . warlock 's party - day crowley 's watch say 3 pm . crowley look around . nothing . boy 1 this suck . aziraphale and for my next remarkable illusion , I will need a pocket handkerchief . a perfectly normal one . do anyone have a pocket handkerchief ? blank kid . some of they have pull out they phone and be play video game . aziraphale ( cont 'd ) I do . I really will need a handkerchief . I ... he blink and perform a miracle . ping! turn to a Security Guard ... aziraphale ( cont 'd ) you , my fine young jack - sauce . if you look in you pocket , I have no doubt you will find a handkerchief . guard m’afraid not , sir . aziraphale no . you do . just look . please look . 59 . the guard reach into he inside pocket , and look puzzle . then pull out a enormous lace - edged hankie which go not into he pocket , but into he shoulder holster ... and which , as he pull it out , snag he gun . the gun arc slowly and gracefully and in slow motion through the air . it splashes down in a bowl of trifle near warlock . the kid applaud . this be more like it ! girl 2 not bad . warlock grab the gun . cover the room . warlock hand up lowlife scumbucket ! I get a gun . a beat . the Guards look around , panicky , and be not sure what to do ... girl 1 s' not fair . why have you get a gun and we do not ? warlock I be not stop you . girl 1 be next to a Security Guard , and grab at he gun ... the Guard do not quite know how to deal with this . Boy 1 throw a lump of cake at warlock , who whirl around , and reflexively , squeeze the trigger ... freeze image . int . narrator's world we be in the narrator 's World , and the scene be on a big screen . the narrator be stand beside it . narrator the .357 Magnum hollow point cartridge , come out of a secret service sig sauer p229 at 1,430 foot per second , be capable of blow anyone away , leave only a red mist in the air , a messy corpse and a certain amount of paperwork . ( more ) 60 . narrator ( cont 'd ) it would have take a miracle to avoid a massacre . int . warlock 's party - day Close up on aziraphale 's face . he do a Miracle blink , and -- a stream of water come from the nozzle of warlock 's gun . which be now a water pistol . aziraphale look rather proud of himself . and then a huge lump of birthday trifle hit he in the face . Guards be ( puzzle ) fire water pistol gun . kid be ( enthusiastically ) fire water pistol gun . perfectly time lump of jelly and trifle and cake be be throw around . it 's a food fight ! warlock best eleventh birthday ever ! and through the chaos and the fly food , crowley walk perfectly unharme , untouched , barely pay attention to the chaos , check he watch , remove he white caterer 's jacket , and drop it onto the ground ... ext . warlock 's residence - day the street outside . crowley be stand , look worried . aziraphale join he . he 's reach into he sleeve . aziraphale it be all a bit of a mess , I be afraid . Crowley nonsense . you give they all a party to remember . last one they 's 1ll ever have , mind ... aziraphale have remove the dove from he sleeve . he 's prodding it , but it 's dead . aziraphale it 's late . Crowley come of put it up you sleeve . aziraphale no. the Hell hound . it 's late . crowley irritably tap the dead dove , which flutter and fly off . he reach into the bentley and turn on the radio . it 's just a minute ... nicholas parson ( v.o. ) and you have just a Minute to tell we all about Fish finger start hello crowley . be sssomething wrong ? Crowley um. hi . who 's this ? nicholas parson dagon . Lord of the file . master of torment . Crowley yeah . just check in about the Hell hound ... nicholas parson we freed he . he walk to find he master . be something wrong , crowley ? Crowley wrong ? no .... nothing 's wrong . what could be wrong ? I can see it now . what a lovely big helly hell hound . hey , great talk to you . he turn off the radio . aziraphale no dog . Crowley no dog . aziraphale wrong boy . Crowley wrong boy . there 's a gunshot . aziraphale ( not swear ) oh sugar ! I must have miss one . 61 . 62 . Crowley armageddon be day away . and we have lose the Antichrist . get in . aziraphale just stand there , shocked . aziraphale how can you lose the Antichrist ? int . crowley' bentley - day they be both shocked . aziraphale you say it be he . Crowley it be he . I should know . I deliver the baby . not deliver - deliver it . you know . handed it over . aziraphale someone else must be interfere , then . Crowley who ? there be not anyone else . there 's good , that 's you lot . there 's evil . that 's mine . one side or the other . and between we , we have lose the antichrist . aziraphale I can not believe it . even Heaven be certain that the Hell hound would be show up today . Crowley it be send . and the boy be mean to have name it . you have to name the beast : it give it its purpose and its function . it 'il be stalk by night , or throat - ripper or something . aziraphale perhaps he will not name it . Crowley he ’1ll name it . I be screw . do you know what they can do to you down there ? 63. aziraphale the same sort of thing they can do to you up there . Crowley yeah , but you lot get ineffable mercy . aziraphale remember sodom and gomorrah ? that be my team . Crowley oh , the good time . there be a little bar you could get a ferment date palm cocktail ... aziraphale I mean , after . ( pause ) so if that appall child be not the antichrist , where in bless blaze be he ? and where 's the Hell hound ? and what do we do ? ext . tadfield - day still a beautiful little village in England . we be move through it . the clock on the village steeple be strike Three . ext . tadfield : the road to the quarry - day look ! there 's a sort of a abandon quarry down there , through the bush . it 's a perfect place for kid to play . a area of natural beauty that adult have forget . and there 's a lane above it . bird be sing . a lazy bumble bee buzze in the flower at the side of the lane . down in the quarry we can see child , four of they , all about eleven , play . they be a gang of four , call the they , and we will meet they next episode . they look harmless and sweet and vulnerable ... 64 . and one of they be swinging down a rope , in a repeat of the Zip -line incident , only rather more successful : Golden - haire , glorious , the ultimate 11 year old . it must be adam . and now we hear something , as the last of the bell chime fade away . something metallic and disturbing , rumbling and nightmarish . a rip , rumbling noise , and now , look ! there 's a beat and in front of we , on the lane , appear , from Hell -- the hell hound . if we can , this should be a real big black dog , possibly cgi enhance . it 's huge : a terrifying monster of a dog . the hound of the baskervill would take one look at this brute and flee , whimper . the Dog 's eye be glow red . it drip saliva . it look at the kid below , hungrily and evilly ... and it open its mouth and growls terrifyingly , show huge and awful tooth as we - fade to black . over end credit , buddy holly 's '' every day '' , this time do by a boy 's choir , in the style of carmina burana .