Rev. 06/28/89 ( Blue ) Rev. 09/08/89 ( pink ) good fellas written by Nicholas pileggi and Martin scorsese base on the book by Nicholas pileggi revised draft January 12 , 1989 waruer bros . inc . '' 1989 4000 yarner boulevard warner bros . inc . burbaak , California 91522 all rights reserved JUNE 11 , 1970 : queen , new york . int . suite - night a smoky , overdecorate cocktail lounge and nightclub on queen boulevard . sergio franchi be in full voice on the jukebox . it be after midnight . it have be a long night . balloon and empty glass litter the place . billy batt , a 50 - year- old hood in a out - of - date suit , hold court at the bar . we see a young , more sharply - dress hood walk in with a beehive girl friend and hug batt . hood - billy . you look beautiful . welcome home . batt ( laugh and turn - ing to the bartender ) what be you have ? give what they be drink . ‘em we see four other man , include henry hill and jame conway , stand near billy batt at the bar , raise they glass in salute . tommy devito and ancther beehive blonde enter . billy batt look up and see Tommy . batt hey , look at he . Tommy . you grow up . tommy ( preen a little ) billy , how be you ? batt ( smile broadly at Tommy and the girl ) Son of a bitch . get over here . Tommy walk over and billy , too aggressively , grab Tommy around the neck . Tommy do not like it . tommy ( force a laugh ) hey , billy . watch the suit . batt ( squeezing Tommy 's cheek , a little too hard ) listen to he . ' watch the suit , ' he say . . ( more ) ( continued ) 1 continued : batt ( cont 'd ) a little pisser I have know all my life . hey , Tommy , do not get too big . tommy do not go busting my ball . okay ? batt ( laugh , to the crowd at the bar ) bust he ball ? ( to Tommy ) if I be busting you ball , I would send you home for you shine box . Tommy 's smile turn to a glare as he realize billy be make fun of he . the man at the bar be roaring with laughter . his girl be look glumly at she shoe . batt ( to the hood at the bar ) you remember Tommy 's shine ? the kid be great . he make mirror . _ tommy ( almost a threat ) no more shine , billy . batt come ooonnn . tommeeee . we be only kid . you can not take a joke ? come ooonn . we see that Tommy be still angry , but begin to relax with billy 's apparent apology , but as soon as billy see that Tommy be beginning to relax , he contemptuously turn he back on Tommy . batt ( face the bar ) now get the hell home and get you shine box . Henry quickly step in front of Tommy who be about to explode . batt be face the bar and do not see just how furious Tommy have become . henry ( gently . wrestle Tommy away from the bar ) come on , relax . he 's drunk . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) henry ( cont 'd ) he 's be lock up for six year . tommy I do not give a shit . the guy 's get no right . henry Tommy . he do not mean anything . forget about it . tommy ( try to wrestle past Henry ) he 's insulting I . Rat bastard . he 's never be any fuckin’ good . henry Tommy . come on . relax . tommy ( the Henry ) keep he here . I be go for a bag . Tommy roughly grab he girl 's arm and storm out . henry orejoin James and billy batt at the bar ) . batt . I be sorry . Tommy get load . he do not mean any disrespect . batt he 's get a hot head . we see the last two guest get up to leave . Henry put another dollar in the jukebox and move back behind the bar and start to total the register receipt . CUT to : entrance of suite from henry's Pov behind the bar , we see the guest leave and suddenly we see Tommy in the doorway . Henry walk around the bar and approach Tommy . we see James and batt be still seat at bar with they back to the door . batt they be fuck mutt . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) we see James nod . batt I see they . they walk around like big shot and they do not know shit . : jame a guy get half a load on . he mouth off . batt when I be a kid , I swear on my mother , you mouth off , you get you fuck leg break . cuut to : henry approach Tommy who be carry a large fold package under one arm . Tommy , follow by Henry , walk over to the bar where James and Bill batt be talk . Tommy drop the package on the floor . billy batt look up . James turn around and see that Tommy have a gun in he hand . James immediately grab batt 's arm and we see Tommy smash the gun into the side of batt 's head . we see Tommy hit batt again and again as James continue to hold batt 's arm . jame ( to Henry , while pin batt 's arm } Quick ! lock the door . we see Tommy club batt to the ground with James hold batt 's arm . CUT to : henry lock the door . CUT to : ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) batts' inert form on the floor . we see Tommy unfold the package he have drop near the bar . it be a plastic , flower - print mattress cover . Tommy and James start put batt 's leg into the mattress cover . Henry be stand over they as James and Tommy struggle to fit batt 's body in the mattress cover . henry what be we go to do with he ? we can not dump he in the street . jame ( to Henry ) bring the car ' round back . I ‘know a place upstate they will never find he . . Tommy be look brightly at Henry , as he and James finally zip batt in the mattress cover . tommy I do not want to get blood on you floor . ext . rear driveway - suite - night darkness . the open trunk of Henry 's car . the mattress cover be be shove into the trunk by the three man . it be heavy work . henry batt 's make . his whole crew be go to be look for he . this be fuck bad . tommy there 's a shovel at my mother 's . int . tommy' mother' house - kitchen - night darkness in the kitchen . we hear noise of door open and tool be bang around in the dark . tommy sshhh . you will wake ‘er up . ( continued ) continued : suddenly the light in the entryway go on , and we see Tommy 's mother , in housecoat , beam at she son and he friend . CUT to : kitchen table where Tommy 's mother hover over the seat Tommy , Henry and James . the table be fill with plate and coffee cup and the debris of dirty dish . mother ( to all ) have some more . you hardly touch anything . do Tommy tell you about my painting ? look . we see she reach next to the refrigerator and pull up a couple of oil painting she prop on the edge of the table . mother ( proudly ) they want I to do a portrait next . I be gonna do the mona Lisa . CUT to : window where we see Henry 's car with the body in ' the trunk , still park at the curb . int . henry's car - night finally on they way , Henry be drive . James , in the passenger 's seat , and Tommy , in the rear seat , embrace the shovel , be doze off . the sleepy humming sound of wheel be suddenly interrupt by a thumping sound . at first , Henry think he have a flat , but the thumping be too irregular . James awaken . his eye be on Henry . Tommy lean forward from the rear seat . silence . thump ! silence . ext . merritt parkway - night car pull off the road onto the grass . Henry , James and Tommy , still hold the shovel , get cut of the car . tommy Jesus Christ ! miserable bastard ! ( continued ) continued : 5 Henry open the trunk and step back . in the trunk light we see the mattress cover squirming around . we hear muffled groans . tommy ( raise the shovel ) can you believe this no - good fuck ? the prick ! he 's still alive . Tommy suddenly smashes the shovel into the move , bloody mattress cover . he smashes it again and again and again . cursing batt with every swing . tommy Rat bastard . ( swing shovel ) no-good , low - life fuck . Tommy swing shovel again and again . soon the mattress cover stop squirming and Tommy stop swing the shovel . he be exhaust . Tommy and James get back in the car . Henry be face the open trunk . tilt up and freeze on Henry 's face slamm the trunk shut . henry ( v.0 . ) as far back as I can remember , I always want to be a gangster . MAIN title - good fellas unfreeze and -- dissolve to : henry - as child look out he bedroom window . title - east new york : brooklyn . 1955 henry ( v.0 . ) to I , be a gangster be better than be President of the United States . henry's Pov - grimy one -story cabstand - night 6 with fade " pitkin Avenue cab " sign above the door . ( continued ) continued : 6 it 's after midnight . we see a half - dozen , immaculately - dress hood wear diamond pinky ring and silk shirt , loung around the cabstand talk and sip coffee . henry ( v.0 . ) even before I first wander into the cabstand for an-after - school job , I know I want to be a part of they . it be there I belong . henry's Pov we see a cadillac pull up the to cabstand . we see the car rise slightly when two huge , dapper hood get out . on hood # 1 we see large diamond pinky ring on a sausage - thick finger . on hood # 2 we see a break - nose hood 's tie hang loosely across he monogramm shirt like a silk bandolier . henry ( v.0 . ) to I it mean be somebody in a neighborhood full of nobody . on the sidewalk we see the two hood who just get out of the car hug and playfully shove tuddy vario , the sloppily - dress , solidly - build hood who run the cabstand . henry ( v.0 . ) they be not like anyone else . they do whatever they want . they would double - park in front of the hydrant and nobody ever give they a ticket . in the summer when they play card all night , nobody ever call the cop . we see tuddy laughingly try to push they away . henry ( v.0 . ) tuddy vario run the cabstand and a pizzeria and a few other place for he brother , Paul , who be the boss over everybody in the neighborhood . we see a laugh hood # 1 slyly slip behind . tuddy and grab he around the neck , while hood # 2 start feign punch to tuddy 's ample midsection . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 6 suddenly tuddy vario and hood see that paul cicero , the boss , be stand in the cabstand 's doorway . cicero be a large man , stand six - foot tall and weigh over 240 pound . he appear even larger . henry ( v.0 . ) paulie might have move slow , but it be only because he do not have to move for anybody . tuddy and the hood immediately stop horsing around . title continue . int . child bedroom - morning 7 carmella hill , Henry 's mother , shove he book under he arm and push he into the hallway . we see Henry 's two brother put on they jacket and pick up they book and almost trip over another brother 's , michael , wheelchair . we catch a glimpse of two sister eat breakfast . we see Henry 's construction worker father sip coffee in kitchen before go to work . henry ( v.0 . ) at first , my parent love that I find a job across the street . my father , who be irish , be send to work at the age of eleven , and he like that I get myself a job . he always say american kid be spoiled lazy . carmella ( to the brood ) come on . come on . you will all be late . henry ( v.0 . ) and my mother be happy after she find out that the ciceros come from the same part of Sicily as she do . to my mother , it be the answer to she prayer . we see Henry 's mother shove he out the door with he school book . ext . STREET side of door - day 8 carmella , in doorway , watch Henry go down the block toward school . ( continued ) 10 11 12 10 . continued : 8 when Henry turn the corner , along with other school - bound youngster , we see he suddenly stop . the other school child keep walk . Henry carefully stick he head around the corner . his mother be no longer there . we see Henry race across the street toward the cabstand . henry ( v.0 . ) I be the luckiest kid in the world . ext . cabstand - day to 9 we see Henry leap into the air to catch a set of car key . henry ( v.0 . ) I could go anywhere . ext . cabstand parking lot - day ' 10 we see Henry , who can hardly see over the , dashboard , jockey a mobster 's caddy around the cabstand parking lot . we see other kid , Henry 's age , watch Henry , in awe , from behind a fence . henry ( v.0 . ) I could do anything . int . cabstand backroom - day . il we see Henry watch two uniform cop laugh with tuddy . and some hood while stuff whiskey bottle under they tunic . henry ( v.0 . ) I know everybody and everybody knew I . ext . sidewalk outside cabstand - day 12 we see Henry try to sip hot espresso coffee just like the big guy , except we see Henry grimace because . the coffee be too het and far too bitter . henry ( v.0 . ) but it be not too long before my parent change they mind . for they , the cabstand be suppose to be a part - time job , but for I , it be full - time . cuT to : 13 14 15 11 . int . rear of cabstand 13 tuddy be fold and place long sheet with policy bet into a brown paper bag . in the b.g. , we see hood go through box of steal orange and blue cardigan sweater . Henry wait at tuddy 's side until tuddy finish make a notation on a slip of paper . tuddy hold the paper bag in he hand and ... tuddy ( to Henry , with a smile ) okay . ext . cabstand 14 we see Henry run out the cabstand door carry the paper bag . he run past half a dozen hood , loung outside on wooden chair , wear orange and blue sweater . henry ( v.0 . ) people like my father could never understand , but I be a part of something . I belong . I be treat like a grown-up . every day I be learn to score . int . henry's house - kitchen 15 father ( in mock concern ) do you study hard in school today ? do you learn a lot ? huh ? Henry be silent and begin back away . father I can not hear you , you little liar . ( wave the letter ) I get this from the school . they say you have not be there in month . Henry try to dart past he Father , but he cannot escape . Henry get a blow on the back of he head . Henry 's mother start to interfere , but be push back . father ( beat Henry , but glaring at carmella ) Little lie bastard . carmella scream . Henry double up . ( continued ) 12 . 15 continued : 15 Henry 's Father keep pound away . close on henry's face freeze in action on : henry's father' face henry ( v.0 . ) my father be always piss off . he be piss that he have to work so hard . he be piss that he make such lousy money . he be piss that there be seven of we live in a tiny house . but after a while , he be mostly piss that I hang around the cabstand . he say they be bum and that I be a bum . he say I be go to get into trouble . I use to say I be only run errand after school , but he know better . he know what go on at the cabstand and , every once in a while , usually after he get he load on , I have to take a beat . but by then , I do not care . no matter how many beating I take , I would not listen to what he say . I do not think I even hear he . the way I see it , everybody have to take a beat some time . unfreeze and continue the beat . cuT to : henry's swollen and beaten face 16 int . cabstand - backroom 16 tuddy what happen to you ? henry I can not make any more delivery . ( continued ) 16 17 18 13 . continued : 16 tuddy whadda you mean , you can not make any more delivery ? you be go to fuck up everything ? henry my father get a letter from the school . he say the next time he will kill I . CUT to : int . automobile 17 Three hood and Henry in park car outside the post office . hood # 1 ( point to one postman ) be that the one ? henry no. hood # 2 ( point at another ) him ? henry no. ( pause ) there . that 's he . that 's the guy . Hood # 1 and Hood # 2 get out of the car and grab the stunne mailman . he lose he hat and spill some mail as they shove he into the car 's rear seat . int . neighborhood pizzeria 18 tuddy vario be stand in front of a pizza oven . Henry watch the hoods shove the mailman against the side of the oven . we see Paul cicero in the b.g . tuddy ( point to Henry ) you know this kid ? mailman ( barely able to speak ) yes . ( continued ) good fellas - Rev. 6/28/89 14 . 18 continued : '' bes 18 . nod , and the hoods 's pull and shove the mailman - eg dge allegiance tothe hise and ' sit through good — ' government bulishit . CUT to : * 18a ext . STREET 184 * tuddy . - and heary run in the. rain.to paulie 's house . * henry ( v.0 . ) *. ' paulie hate phone ... he would not * . have one in he house . . * CUT to : * ~~ tuddy .. and . henry * talk to Paul in the doorway of he house . * ( continued ) good fellas - Rev. 6/28/89 - / 14a . * - 48a .- | continued : sre . 184 ( ~~ _ henry . ( '' ay in sleeve - - of the cin : rear : yard sof : hoods be cook ( be bottle -o : satisage . cand be grill . there for I omemade ' wine and eb ‘of beer . we see Paul cicero hold court while € a sausage sandwich . : not { continued ) 19 20 15 . continued : 19 there be hood stand around he at a respectful dis - tance . only tuddy approach he with ease . we see a hood talk to tuddy . we see tuddy relay the message to Paul . we see Paul say something to tuddy , who nod back to the hood and then motion to Henry to come over . we see tuddy bend down a little and whisper in Henry 's ear . dolly in on Paul 's face . henry ( v.0 . ) hundred of guy depend on paulie and he get a piece of everything they make . it be tribute , just like the old country , except they be do it in America . all they get from paulie be protection from other guy look to rip they off . that 's what it 's all about . that 's what the f.b.i. can never understand -- that what paulie and the organization do be offer protection for people who can not go to the cop . they be like the police department for wiseguy . ext . used car lot - night 20 we see tuddy in he car , hand Henry a hammer , some rag , and a five gallon can of gasoline . tuddy ( drive away ) I will be up at the corner . we see Henry break the window of about six car park face the sidewalk . henry ( v.0 . ) people look at I differently . they know I be with somebody . we see Henry shove the gas-soake rag through the break car window . Henry look up the block where tuddy have park . we see tuddy ( from Henry 's Pov ) look around and nod . Henry immediately begin toss light matchbook through the smashed car window . ( continued ) 20 21 16 . continued : 20 henry ( v.0 . ) I do not have to wait on line at the bakery on Sunday morning anymore for fresh bread . the owner know who I be with , and he would come from around the counter , no matter how many people be wait . I be take care of first . suddenly the night explode in orange brightness . we see Henry begin to run toward tuddy 's car as the car he have ignite begin to explode behind he . henry ( v.0 . ) } we neighbor do not park in we driveway anymore , even though we do not have a car . at thirteen , I be make more money than most of the grownup in the neighborhood . I have more money than I could spend . I have it all . freeze on Henry 's silhouette against the darkness like a man in hell . henry ( v.0 . ) one day some of the kid from the neighborhood carry my mother 's grocery all the way home for she . it be out of respect . CUT to : ext . henry's house - day 21 Henry 's mother open door of house , bright daylight . mother' Pov she see grey lizard shoe , grey pinstripe trousers , grey silk shirt , billy eckstein collar , yellow silk tie , and double-breasted jacket . she look up and see Henry 's smile face . mother ( 0.s. ) ( aghast ) my God ! you look like a gangster . CUT to : scream man run toward the pizzeria , hold he hand . 17 . 22 ext . pizzeria - day 22 we see Henry stand near front of store . man ( scream ) I have be shot ! help ! help ! tuddy ( from rear of store , to Henry ) Close the door . do not let he in , Henry grab a chair , take it outside for the man to sit on . and close the pizzeria door . the man collapse in the seat and Henry immediately start wrapping the man 's shred and bleed hand in he apron . the man be turn white and praying . henry ( soothing the man ) it 's okay . it 's okay . they be get a ambulance . we see Henry prop the man in he chair and race into the pizzeria for more apron which he take outside and wrap around the man 's bleed hand , just as a ambu - lance pull up . we see tuddy come up behind Henry as the man be rush away . henry ( v.0 . ) it be the first time I have ever see anyone shot . tuddy ( angry ) you be some fuck jerk . we see that Henry be stunne . tuddy you waste eight fuck apron on - that guy . henry ( v.0 . ) I remember feel bad about the guy . but I remember feel that maybe tuddy be right . I know paulie do not want anybody die in the building . CUT to : 23 18 . int . cabstand - night 23 Henry be make a ham and cheese sandwich . camera tracking through room full of people play card , through professional card dealer skitter card across green feel table , through bodyguard watch the door , through tuddy vario walk around the table , through Paul cicero stand quietly on the side , through Henry give the sandwich to one of the player . henry ( v.0 . ) it be a glorious time . wiseguy be all over the place . it be before apalachin and before crazy joey decide to take on a boss and start a war . it be when I meet the world . it be when I first meet James conway . camera come to rest when James conway walk in the door . CUT to : henry look at James . henry ( v.0 . ) he could not have be more than twenty - four or twenty - five at the time , but he be already a legend . he would walk in the door and everybody who work the room go wild . he would give the doorman a hundred just for open the door . he shove hundred in the pocket of the dealer and who run the game . the bartender get a hundred just for keep the ice cube cold . Henry see cicero give conway a hug around the shoulder . Henry see James hand money to the doorman . Henry watch player timidly move they chair slightly to make room for James . Henry see James pull out a wad of bill and sit down . jame ( to Henry , who be stand near the bar ) hey , kid ! get I a seven and seven . we see Henry make the drink and bring it to James . cicero be stand next to James . ( continued ) 23 24 19 . continued : 23 cicero ( he arm around Henry 's shoulder ) Henry . say hello to James conway . we see James slip a $ 20 bill in Henry 's shirt pocket . jame ( lift he drink to Henry ) keep ‘em come . freeze frame on James . henry ( v.0 . ) James be one of the most fear guy in the city . he be first lock up at eleven and be do hit for mob boss when he be sixteen . Hit never bother he . it be business . but what he really love to do be steal . I mean , he actually enjoy it . James be the kind of guy who roote for the bad guy in the movie . he be one of the city 's biggest hijacker . clothes . razor blade . booze . cigarettes , shrimp and lobster . shrimp and lobster be the best . they go ast . ext . trailer truck ( near idlewild airport ) - night 24 the trailer truck be stop at a light in a desert area near JFK Airport . we see the driver be quietly lead to a car where James conway be stand . we see James routinely take the driver 's wallet . there be absolutely no resistance . henry ( v.0 . ) and almost all of they be gimmie 's . closeup - wallet we see James put a $ 50 bill . in the driver 's wallet . ( continued ) 24 25 20 . continued : 24 henry ( v.0 . ) . they call he James the gent . the driver love he . they use to tip he off about the really good load . of course , everybody get a piece . and when the cop assign a whole army to stop he ... ( pause ) ..-. James make they partner . cur to : ext . cabstand parking lot - closeup - rows of cigarette 25 carton - day pile inside a large trailer truck . James and Tommy devito , a youngster about Henry 's age , be move large cigarette carton toward truck tail - gate . while James be dress like a truck driver , Tommy be very nattily dress in a sharply - cut suit and highly buff shoe . James and Tommy be load the carton into the arm of a woman school - crossing guard who be have difficulty carry the load . jame Tommy . help the lady . we see Tommy scramble down from the truck and help the School - cross Guard to she own car where we see she already have a load of the carton . we see Henry stand near she car and watch . school -crossing guard ( drive off ) thank you , sweetheart . CUT to : jame stand between Tommy and Henry . jame ( to Henry ) say hello to Tommy . you will do good together . CUT to : ( continued ) 25 26 27 28 , 21 . continued : 25 police car pull onto the sidewalk where Henry , Tommy and James be stand . the cop recognize James . cop # 1 anything good ? Henry watch James smile and toss a couple of carton of cigarettes into they radio car . the cop wave and drive off . ext . factory gate - quitting time 26 we see Henry busily sell . carton to worker . Tommy be get carton out of the trunk of a car park nearby . Henry be so busy he can hardly keep the money and cash straight . instead of the neat roll we see on James , Henry 's cash be a wrinkle mess . some of it be roll , some fold , some in different pocket . we see Henry approach by two city detective . detective # 1 what do you think you be do ? detective # 2 where do you get this cigarettes ? henry , ( offer they carton ) it 's okay . detective # 1 roughly grab Henry 's arm . detective # 2 grab Henry 's cigarette carton , we see Henry pull he arm away and one . of the detective slap he across the face . we see that Tommy be about to say something , but run away instead . int . cabstand - day 27 we see Tommy talk to tuddy and assort hood at the cabstand . . : int . courtroom - " ar - 1 " ( arraignment part 1 ) 28 Henry be wait along with dozen of hooker , nodd junky , mugger and shoplifter . when Henry 's case be call , we pan to a well - dress mob lawyer . Henry , who have never see the lawyer before , walk to the prosecutor 's , rather than the defendant 's table . a court clerk nod he over toward he own lawyer . ( continued ) 31 32 33 23 . continued : 31 we see driver get out of truck with engine still running and leave door open . he nod to Henry who do not respond and the Driver casually walk toward the diner . henry ( v.0 . ) if any of the trucker or airline give we trouble , paulie have he union people scare they with a little strike . it be beautiful . it be a even bigger money - maker than number , and James be in charge . whenever we need money , we would rob the airport . to we , it be better than citibank . int . table in diner 32 we see Driver rise from debris of breakfast dish , leave a tip and pay the cashier . he walk out the door toward he truck in the parking lot . hold on the door . Driver rush back in through the door toward the cashier . driver ( flushed and agitate ) hurry , gimme the phone . two nigger just steal my truck . int , sonny bun lounge - dusk 33 a cavernous room within earshot of the airport that look like a movie nightclub . no matter when you walk into the bunz Lounge it 's always the middle of the night . camera track past the zebra-stripe banquette and bar stool , past sharpy businessman , bookmaker and hood . henry ( v.0 . ) there be James and Tommy and I . and there be Anthony stabile , franky carbone , fat Andy , frankie the wop , freddy no nose , Pete the killer , johnny bianco , mikey franzese , and Jimmy two Times , who get that nickname because he say everything twice . like , ' you wanna get the papers , get the papers . 's ( continued ) 33 24 . continued : 33 camera track to the backroom which we see be fill with rack of clothes , box television set , new toaster oven and stereo . we see man roll rack of fur coat i oom i ook : ike isco man ( to sonny ) sonny , we get the coat . sonny ( ignore the man and to Henry ) you get any suit ? henry not till Thursday . sonny ( close door to backroom ) I need suit . CUT to : henry , jame , tommy and assorted hood and there girl friend be have a party . there be champagne bucket around the table which be litter with steak and lobster dish . the table be a mess and everyone be laugh . we see Henry look at he watch and look at the lounge 's entrance . . henry ( v.0 . ) for we to live any other way be nut . to we , that goody - good people who work shitty job for bum paycheck , who take the subway to work every day and worried about they bill , be dead . they be sucker . they have no ball . if we want something , we just take it . if anyone complain twice , they get hit so bad they never complain again . it be routine . you do not even think about it . cur to : ( continued ) 33 25 . continued : ( 2 ) 33 doorway of bunz lounge we see frenchy mcmahon , a beefy man in a leather windbreaker , enter . we see Henry get up and go over to greet he . cut to : bar Henry and frenchy embrace . frenchy be still wear he Air France cargo worker 's coverall under he leather jacket and we see the " Air France " logo and the name " frenchy " in script over the coverall 's breast pocket . frenchy ( try to whisper above the din ) it 's all there . I can get you past the alarm and I can get the ey . we see Henry turn to table and wave at James to join they at the bar . CUT to : table we see James get up and go to the bar . we see Tommy at the table with sonny bunz , the owner , hover around . sonny bunz be hold a thick sheaf of bill . we see sonny timidly approach Tommy by whisper in he ear . in the b.g. , we also see the face of a terrify waiter . tommy ( put he arm around sonny 's shoulder ) it 's okay . put it on the tab . sonny ( whisper with fear all over he face ) Tommy , it 's not just this . Tommy , please . it 's seven grand here . we see Tommy just stare menacingly at sonny . ( continued ) 33 34 26 . continued : ( 3 ) 33 sonny ( he start , he might as well finish ) Tommy , I need the money , Tommy , please . I owe the world . tommy ( leaping from the table in a rage ) you sonofabitch fuck . be you call I a deadbeat ? the money I spend here ? embarrassing I in front of my friend . you miserable fuck . oturn to he pal ) can you believe this bastard ? ( back to terrify sonny ) ungrateful fuck ! I oughta break you fuck leg ! we see sonny bunz flee toward he office , with Tommy make a half - heart gesture to follow , but instead , he walk over and join Henry , James and frenchy at the bar . he be smile . frenchy {to Tommy ) hey , Tommy . have a drink . int . cabstand - backroom - day 34 we see sonny bunz meekly seat at table face Paul cicero . Henry be stand behind sonny bunz for support . cicero ( groan ) if you know that fuck kid . they be nut . especially that Tommy . what be I go to do with they ? sonny ( sweat ) but I be worried . I be hearing all kind of thing . paulie . you know I all my life . I have always do the right thing . cicero you think that matter ? you think they give a shit about anything ? the little bastard . ( continued ) 34 continued : 27 . 34 sonny but it be not right , paulie . that Tommy he 's make trouble for I all over town . I can not go here . I can not go there . cicero you ? you think you be the only one ? I have talk to they a million time , but they do not listen . sonny ( weakly ) but , paulie , please . cicero ( barely listen ) someday they will get what 's come to they . that 's the only way they will stop . sonny ( plead ) paulie , I swear , I be afraid . the guy 's nut . what do I have to do ? whatever I gotta do , I will do . cicero ( arm outstretch like a saint ) what can I do ? if I could do something , do not you think I would ? sonny look up at Henry for support . henry ( to sonny ) tell he , it 's okay . cicero what ? sonny I be think that maybe you could come in with I . take a piece of the place . if you be with I , maybe then they would have to lay off . cicero what do I need ... ( continued ) 34 35 36 37 28 . continued : ( 2 ) 34 sonny ( interrupt ) I mean it . we could do good . cicero you want a partner ? sonny please . ext . bunz lounge - curbside - day 35 we see truck with liquor , beer , side of beef , even furniture like bar stool and large mirror be unload and deliver into the front door . henry ( v.0 . ) now the guy 's get paulie for a partner . any problem , he go to paulie . trouble with the bill ? he can go to paulie . trouble with the cop ? delivery ? Tommy ? he ean call paulie . int . bunz lounge - day 36 we see Henry and two hood from cabstand check the case of liquor be deliver into the lounge . the entire room be fill floor to ceiling with case of whiskey , wine , crate of lobster , and shrimp , and stack of table linen and side of beef . the place look like a warehouse . henry ( v.0 . ) but now the guy have get to come up with paulie 's money every week , no matter what . Business bad ? fuck you , pay I . you have a fire ? fuck you , pay I . the place hit by lightning ? fuck you , pay I . also , paulie could do anything . especially run up bill on the joint 's credit . why not ? nobody 's gonna pay for it anyway . ext . bunz lounge - rear alleyway - day 37 we see case of liquor , wine , etc. , be carry out of the rear door of the lounge by hood from the cabstand and load onto u- haul truck . ( continued ) 37 38 <_ 39 ~~ 29 . continued : 37 henry ( v.0 . ) as soon as the delivery be make in the front door , you move the stuff out the back and sell it at a discount . you take a two hundred dollar case of booze and sell it for a hundred . it do not matter . it 's all profit . int . bunz lounge office 38 Henry , James and Tommy be stand around the small workman 's table . there be no desk . the office look denude of furniture . a lawyer be go over papers . a terrify , unshaven sonny bunz be seat behind the desk . the lawyer be show he where to sign . henry ( v.0 . ) and , finally , when there 's nothing leave , when you can not borrow another buck from the bank or buy another case of booze , you bust the joint out . CUT directly to : large closeup - hand make roll of toilet paper be knead into long roll with sterno . CUT to : henry and tommy shove wad of sterno paper into the ceiling rafter . henry ( v.0 . ) you light a match . cut to : closeup - match lighting roll of sterno paper . ext . bunz lounge - curbside - night 39 the street be empty . Henry and Tommy be seat in Henry 's car . they be watch the bunz Lounge . ( continued ) 39 40 30 . continued : 39 tommy ( to Henry ) you gotta help I . okay ? this girl I tell you about ? helene ? she 's from the five towns . she 's jewish . she will not go out with I alone . can you believe this shit ? she 's fuck prejudice , but she 's build . she 's never be out with a italian before . she say she will only go out on a double date with she girl friend . you believe this shit ? but you gotta see she . I mean , she 's beautiful . - henry ( laugh ) will you get the fuck out of here . — tommy be it my fault she will not go out without she girl friend ? for chrissake . come on . you do not even have to stay . jeesuz ! what 's the big deal ? henry Tommy ... CUT to : henry and tommy watch smoke come out of basement window of bunz Lounge . tommy ( 0.8 . ) ( back to conversation ) I swear you do not have to do nothing . you. just show up and then leave . what do you think , I want you around ? all I need be for you to get I start . we hear car engine start . int . quiet plush banquet in villa capra 40 a red damask restaurant . Tommy and Henry be seat on the outside of . a u-shape banquet with they two girl , helene and Karen , seat inside . helene be be woo and paw by a blissful Tommy . helene be enjoy every bit of Tommy 's undivide attention . ( continued ) 40 41 42 31 . continued : 40 Karen have not touch she melt baked Alaska and be look directly at Henry . Henry be stir he coffee . henry ( v.0 . ) I have a meeting with tuddy around eleven o'clock and here I be a back - up guy . . karen ( sarcastically ) have more coffee . it will wake you up . henry ( v.0 . ) I could not wait to get away . I be order the dessert when they be eat dinner . when they be have coffee , I be ask for a check . tommy ( to Henry , while hugging helene ) be not she great ? be not this great ? let 's do it tomorrow night ? okay ? karen ( v.0 . ) I could not stand he . I think he be really obnoxious . he keep fidget around . ext . restaurant - parking lot - night 41 we see Henry push Karen into the car . karen ( v.0 . ) before it be even time to go home he be push I into the car ... ext . karen' house - curbside - night 42 we see Henry hurry Karen out of the car . karen ( v.0 . ) ... and then pull I out . it be ridiculous . but helene and Tommy have make we promise to meet they again on Friday night . we agree ... of course , when Friday night come around , Henry stand I up .. 43 44 32 . int . villa capra restaurant - night 43 we see Tommy , helene and Karen seat at a table set for four . karen ( v.0 . ) we be a trio instead of a double - date that night , but I make Tommy take I look for he . ext . cabstand sidewalk - night 44 a hot night . the hood have move to the sidewalk where we see they sit in sleeveless underwear , watch the street . ' we see Henry leave the cabstand when suddenly a car screech up on the sidewalk directly in front of he . the hood scatter and we see that Henry be terrify . karen ( charge out of the door , scream ) you have get some nerve . stand I up . nobody do that to I . who do you think you be ? a big shot ? CUT to : henry who see Tommy and helene in the car , laugh . henry ( embarrassed and defensive ) I do not know . I swear . I think it be next week . karen liart CUT to : henry who see the wiseguy laugh . henry take it easy . we can talk about it . ( continued ) 44 45 46 33 . continued : 44 henry ( v.0 . ) she 's scream on the street and I mean loud , but she look good . she have this viclet eye . I remember she 's scream , but mostly I be look at she eye . they be just like Elizabeth Taylor 's . that 's what everybody say . karen ( furious ) talk ? to you ? after what you do ! henry I think you be go to stand I up . you look bored . you do not say anything . what do you expect . Tommy be all over I . right ? we see Karen relax for a second . henry come on , let I make it up . int . entry to karen' suburban home - angle on gold 45 cross around man be neck - night ~ and tilt up . Henry be all smile and slicked - up , stand - ing in the door wear a grey suit and open- neck black silk shirt with a gold cross on chain . karen ( fill with alarm ) button you shirt , quick ! hurry . Henry button he shirt as Karen 's mother come to the door . karen ma , this be my friend , Henry Hill . mother my daughter say you be half - jewish ? ext . copacabana - night 46 Henry give the key and a roll - up twenty dollar bill to the doorman at the building across the street and steer Karen toward the copa . ( continued ) 34 . 46 continued : 46 karen what be you do ? what about the car ? henry ( while push she through the crowd wait to get in ) he watch it for I . it 's better than wait at a garage . we see Henry deftly steer Karen away from the copa 's main entrance and down the basement step . a huge bodyguard , eat a sandwich in the stairwell give Henry a big " hello . " we see Henry walk right through the basement kitchen , which be fill with chinese and latino cook and dishwasher who pay no attention . Karen be be drag along , open-mouthed , at the scene . Henry start up a stain kitchen staircase through a pair of swinging door and suddenly Karen see she be inside the main room . the harry maitre do ( he be surround by customer clamoring for they table ) wave happily at Henry and signal to a captain . we see a table hold aloft by two waiter wedge they way toward the stage and plant the table smack in front of what have until that moment be a ringside table . as Henry lead Karen to they seat , she see that he be nodd and shaking hand with many of the other guest . we see Henry quietly slip twenty dollar bill to the waiter . karen ( sit down ) you give they twenty dollar each ? we see the Captain approach with champagne . captain this be with mister tony , over there . henry where , over there ? . captain over there , over there . Karen watch Henry turn around and wave at a 280 - pound hood . karen what do you do ? ( continued ) 46 47 48 35 . continued : ( 2 ) 46 henry ( toast Karen and clinking glass ) I be in construction . karen ( take he -hands ) they do not feel like you be in construction . Henry turn to the stage where the light begin to dim and henny youngman walk out . henry I be a union delegate . ext . AIR FRANCE cargo area - night 47 on load platform we see Henry and Tommy dress in Air France coverall . Henry be carry a large suitcase . suddenly we see frenchy McMahon come through a door , slip Henry a key and lead they back into the office area near the entrance . Henry go to the door mark " security area '' that frenchy point out and open it with the key . Henry and Tommy go inside . CUT to : henry and tommy come out with the suitcase , close the door and walk right past frenchy without say a word . int . cabstand - backroom - night 48 we see the suitcase open on the desk . we see cicero , James , Henry and Tommy stand around , wreathe in smile . Henry be count stack of cash , spread they all over the desk . henry ( v.0 . ) Air France make I . we walk out with four hundred and twenty thousand dollar without . a gun . and we do the. right thing . Henry count up $ 420,000 and slide ten package of $ 100 bill in front of cicero who stand up and proudly kiss Henry on the cheek . ° ( continued ) 48 49 50 36 . continued : 48 James and Tommy , both aglow with the moment , look on . it be clear that Henry have come of age . CUT to : henry's face cicero ( to Henry ) it 's a lot of money for a kid . if anyone ask , just say you win it shoot crap . ext . beach club ~ day 49 Henry and Karen be at a sun-drenched table after paper - cup and paper plate lunch where Henry be try to pay cash . karen ( touch Henry 's arm ) no. no . you have get to sign for it . we see athletic young man and woman in white clothes carry tennis and squash racket walk by . one young man , Bruce , say hello to Karen . she introduce he to Henry . karen ( after Bruce walk on ) he life across the street . CUT to : champagne be send to table . int . nightclub - night 50 camera pan to stage where we see singer 's back and Henry and Karen at a luxurious ringside table with linen , silver , and crystal . karen ( v.0 . ) one night billy Daniels send we champagne . there be nothing like it . I do not think that there be anything strange in any of this -- you know , a twenty - one - year - old kid with such connection . CUT to : i '' 51 52 37 . int . henry's car - dawn 51 Henry and Karen be sip champagne from copa glass in car park outside she house . karen ( v.0 . ) he be a exciting guy . he be really nice . he introduce I to everybody . everybody want to be nice to he . and he know how to handle it : CUT to : int . morris kessler' queen boulevard wig and beauty 52 salon - angle on morris' television commercial - day we see Morris swim the length of a pool , surround by ador model in bathing suit . morris ( v.0 . ) ( on tv ) they will stay put even in a typhoon . and I should know . I be the president of the company . we see Morris and Henry stand near television set , commercial be repeat over and over . Morris be take bet on the phone and complain to Henry . we see a agitate James conway in b.g. poke at wig and look toward Henry and Morris . morris ( complain sotto voce to Henry while take bet on the phone ) James 's busting my chop . ( into phone ) okay , give ‘em eight to five on Cleveland . ( hang up phone and to Henry , while nervously eyeing in the other room ) he want three point over the vig . from I ? I do not believe this shit ? henry ( plead ) Morris . please . you know James . you borrow he money . pay ‘em . ( continued ) 52 38 . continued : 52 morris ( so outrage he voice get louder ) I do not agree to three point over the vig . what be I , nut ? I do not need it that much . henry ( get exasperate ) what be you gonna do ? fight with he ? he want he money . morris fuck ’em . I never pay point . I always do the right thing . do I ever bust he ball ? do i? do I ? I could have drop a dime a million time , and I would not have have to pay dick . henry ( get annoyed ) Morris , you be talk crazy . Drop a dime ? call the cop ? do not even let anybody hear such bullshit . why do not you just pay the man he money and shut the fuck up . we see James in b.g. start toward Henry and Morris when he hear Henry raise he voice . we see James come up behind Morris and wrap the long telephone extension cord around Morris 's neck . we see Morris 's eye begin to pop . we see Henry try to get he hand between the wire and Morris 's neck while try to get James to stop . jame ( total fury ) you get money for you bullshit television , do not you ? I gotta watch you swim back and forth on t.v. all night long , do not I ? you get money for that , but you do not have my money ? henry James . he will be okay . he 's good for it . relax . we see Morris nodd in agreement that he will pay . suddenly , the phone ring . ( continued ) 52 a 53 54 io 55 continued : ( 2 ) we see James , Henry and Morris freeze for . a second . see James relax the cord . we see Morris pick up the phone . the extension cord be still loosely wrap around he neck . morris ( hand Henry the phone ) it 's for you . Henry take the phone . henry ( fury cross he face ) wait there . Henry race out the door , leave Morris and James docilely look after he as he run out the door . ext . roadside telephone booth on highway we see Karen wait at booth as Henry pull up . int . henry's car karen ( ery and dishev - ell ) I have know he all my life . he just start grab at I . he would not stop . and when I hit he across the nose with my shoe , he get mad and shove I out . ext . karen' parent ' house Henry 's car be park at the curb . a new red corvette be park across the street . henry go inside . I will be right there . karen what be you gonna do ? henry get inside ! when Karen get out of the car , we see Henry reach under the seat for a snub-nose .38 revolver . 52 53 54 55 56 57 40 . ext . corvette driveway 56 we see Henry walk down driveway to the back yard area where bruce and two of he brother be talk . Bruce see Henry and walk toward he . Bruce 's two brother be smirk . bruce what do you want ? they get close . bruce ( annoyed and menace ) hey ! fucko ! you want something ? with absolutely no warning , Henry reach out and grab Bruce 's hair with one hand and pull he gun out of he waistband with the other . in almost one motion , Henry smashes the gun across Bruce 's face . teeth fall from Bruce 's mouth . the two brother , still not see the gun , start toward Henry , but Henry continue to pound the gun into Bruce 's face like a dinner go . Bruce 's head be still off the ground only because Henry refuse to let go of he hair . Bruce 's brother realize Henry have a gun . they freeze and back off . woman ( 0.8s . ) ( from a window ) help ! Police ! he 's get a gun ! Police ! Quick ! murder ! Henry drop Bruce to the ground . ext . karen' driveway 57 we see Karen stand at the side door as Henry race up and put something in she hand . henry ( panting ) here , hold this . we see Karen look down . CUT to : karen' hand hold gun . closeup - gun ( continued ) 57 58 59 41 . continued : 57 karen ( v.0 . ) I know there be woman , like my best friend , who would have get out of there the minute they boyfriend give they a gun to hide . ' feh ! you and you gun . get out of here . who need you ? ' that 's what they would have say to he . but I do not . I have get to admit the truth . it turn I on . we see Karen look around to make sure no one else have see she . she then lean over and hide the gun in the milk box at she foot . , int . karen' parent ' house 58 we see hand carefully wrapping a white linen table napkin around some object . we see the napkin and object place on the floor . we see a man 's heel come down and smash the object , which turn out to be .a wine glass . we be at a small jewish live room wedding with a canopy and rabbi and it be Henry who break the glass as a part of the ritual . Karen 's parent be glumly look on . Henry 's . parent be even glummer . only Michael , Henry 's brother in the wheelchair , look pleased . int . chateau bleu catering hall 59 paulie cicero , frenchy , Morris kessler , Tommy devito , and all of they wife and fiance be present . pan from Henry 's and Karen 's parent sit uneasily at different table . jump cut to : paul cicero '' preside at a sort of line , introduce Karen to the cicero family and guest . Henry stand behind Karen , smile proudly . karen ( v.0 . ) it be like he have two family . the first time I be introduce to they all at once , it be crazy . paulie and he brother have lot of son and nephew and almost all of they be name Peter or Paul . ( more ) ( continued ) 59 42 . continued : 59 karen ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it be unbelievable . there must have be two dozen Peters and paul at the wedding . plus , they be all marry to girl name Marie , and they name all they daughter Marie . by the time I finish meeting everybody , I think I be drunk . CUT to : henry and karen' table seat nearby be a beam James conway and he wife , mickey conway we see cicero approach and hand Karen a envelope . cicero here . this be for you . karen ( leok down at the envelope ) paulie , you should not . we see that cicero 's envelope be richly emboss with heart and flower and have a clear window in front through which she can see several neatly - fold hundred dollar bill . when Karen look up , she see that every wiseguy and he wife be line up before she and that they be all hold envelope with clear window in ' ront . CUT to : karen perspire a little as she accept and thanks the dozen of wiseguy give she the envelope . we also see Henry have open a plastic supermarket shopping bag under the table where he be stuff the envelope just as soon as Karen accept they . CUT to : henry and karen get up to dance . karen ( whisper ) my bag . my bag . ( continued ) 59 60 43 . continued : ( 2 ) 59 henry ( amused ) what bag ? karen ( desperate ) the bag with the envelope . henry ( chide ) oh that . do not worry about that . nobody 's gonna steal it . int . karen' mother' house - live room - dawn 60 we see Karen propped up , awake , in a chair . her father be seat on a sofa , asleep . karen' mother be look out the window . karen' mother he do not call ? karen he 's with he friend . karen' mother what kind of person do not call ? karen he 's a grow man . he do not have to call every five minute . karen' mother if he be so grow up he would get you two a apartment . karen do not bring that up . you be the one who want we here . karen' mother ( ignore the charge ) '' look . he 's get the whole house in a uproar . CUT to : father doze on sofa . ( continued ) 60 44 . continued : 60 karen' mother he 's get you father upset . good thing he do not have to go to work in the morning . be this what he deserve ? kare ! ma! please ! you be -drive : I crazy . karen' mother driving you crazy ? do not get I start . you be here a month and sometimes I know he do not come home at all . what kind of people be this ? karen ma! stop ! what.do you want I to do ? karen' mother do ?. what can you do ? what do you expect ? he be not jewish . do you know how they live ? you father would never stay out this late without call . in thirty year he never stay out all night . CUT to : father sleep on sofa . karen stay out ? daddy never go out at all . dissolve to : title up - 6:30 a.m. we hear car door OPEN in front of house . CUT to : karen and karen' mother open the door together and we see Henry stand in door - way , a little drunk . ( continued ) 60 61 45 . continued : ( 2 ) 60 behind Henry we see a car with Tommy devito still park at the curb . Karen be happy to see he . she smile . karen' mother ( angrily ) where be you ? where have you be ? why do not you call ? we be all worried to death ! a marry man do not stay out like this ! we see Henry look at Karen , look at Karen 's mother and turn around and get back in the car and drive away . Karen begin to cry . Karen 's father sleepily come to the door . karen' mother ( as Henry drive away ) normal people do not live this way . int . jame and mickey' archie bunker house - live 61 room - night Karen and most of the woman we see at the wedding be at mickey 's cosmetic party . there be large cardboard poster of glamorous model use the cosmetics at mickey 's foot . karen ( v.0 . ) we be not marry to nine - to- five guy , but the first time I realize how different be when mickey have a hostess party . CUT to : mickey brush another woman , angie 's , hair while show off a new brush . mickey ( to Angie ) Angie , sweetheart , you want it fluff ? CUT to : ( continued ) 46 . 61 : continued : 61 angie' tire face black -ringe eye and thin mouth . angie he 's the one with the hand . I would like the smack he face . woman # 1 the red-haire guy ? he look like a farmer ? - angie sonofabitch . I swear . you can not go through the gate without he hand . I tell he . keep you fuck hand off , you sonofabitch , or I will cut they off . we see the woman laugh . angie he do not know how lucky he be . if I just mention it to Vince , I do not even want to know . woman # 1 that 's the problem . how can you mention it ? Vince would kill he . angie you think I do not know ? you think I like to keep this inside ? but I gotta , or he will kill the miserable bastard and he 'il be there for life . it 's disgusting what you have to put up with . mickey ( while fluffing Angie 's hair ) look at jeannie 's kid . angie what ? what happen ? mickey the oldest one . he be in a argument . a lousy ten-dollar card game . the kid pull out a gun . it go , the. kid get kill . the grandmother hear it and find out he 's be arrest . ( more ) ( continued ) 61 62 continued : closeup - talk . 47 , ( 2 ) 61 mickey ( cont 'd ) she have a heart attack , she drop dead right on the spot . now jeannie 's get a husband and son in jail and a mother in the funeral parlor . angie but he be always a bad kid , that one . mickey no. come on . it be the young one that be the bad one . karen ( v.0 . ) ( continue over dialogue ) they have bad skin and wear too much makeup . I mean they do not look very good . they look beat up . women karen ( v.0 . ) you never see tooth like that where I be grow up and the stuff they wear be throw together and cheap . a lot of pants suit and double-knit . and they talk about how rotten they kid be and about beat they with broom handle and leather belt , but that the kid still do not pay any attention . when Henry pick I up , I be dizzy . int . karen' mother' house - bedroom - night 62 we see they be get ready for bed . karen I do not know . I do not know if I could live that way . what if , God forbid , you go to prison . mickey say jeannie 's husband -- henry ( angrily interrupt ) be you nut ? ( more ) ( continued ) 62 63 continued : 48 . 62 henry ( cont 'd ) jeannie 's husband go to the can just to get away from she , she 's such a pain in the ass . let I tell you . nobody go to jail unless they want to , unless they make . themselves get catch . they ‘do stuff with the : wrong people . they do not have thing organize . you know who go to jail ? nigger stickup man . that 's who . and / they only get catch because they .. fall asleep in the getaway car . . Karen look down . she 's listen . henry listen , we be beginning to make real money for the first time . it 's business . do you think I be go to walk away from that ? Henry put he arm around Karen and begin to hug she . karen ( v.0 . ) after a while , it all get to be normal . none of it seem like crime . it be more that Henry be enterprise . that he and the guy be make a few buck hustling , while other man be sit on they ass wait for handout . we husband be not brain surgeon . they be blue collar guy , and the only way they could get extra money , real extra money , be to go out and cut a few corner . CUT to : int . truck - angle on henry and tommy - night 63 who be carry a brown paper bag as though it be a gun , pull a driver out of he truck and shove he toward another hood who push he into the rear seat of a car where we see another hood . CUT back to : ( continued ) 63 64 49 . continued : 63 henry and tommy get into the truck . CUT to : road where we see the truck drive off . CUT back to : truck where we see the paper bag in Tommy 's hand explode in a red burst as he wildly fire shot into the air . we hear Henry 's laughter . karen ( v.0 . ) and we be also very close . I mean , there be never any outsider around . absolutely never ! and be together all the time make everything seem even more normal . int . henry's doorway 64 we see Karen look at a search warrant be show to she by detective who be be very polite . the child be look on . karen ( v.0 . ) there be always a little harassment . they always want to talk to Henry about this or that . they would come with they subpoena and warrant and make I sign . but mostly they be just look for a handout . a few buck to keep thing quiet , not matter what they find . karen ( signing the paper ) can I make you some coffee ? the detective smile and , take off they hat , walk into the house where kid and Karen resume watch tv . karen ( v.0 . ) I always ask they if they want coffee . ( more ) ( continued ) 64 65 50 . continued : 64 karen ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) some of the wife , like mickey conway , use to curse at they and spit on the floor . imagine . she would spit on she own floor . that never make any sense to I . it be better to be polite and call the lawyer . cut to : int . house in background we see the detective go through the house , cut to : int . jame conway' house - dine room - night 65 we see James and mickey and Henry and Karen and tuddy and wife , Tommy and girlfriend , Morris and Karen kessler , franky carbone and wife and the assort child , all wear party hat and blow out the candle on nine - year - old James conway Jr. 's huge layer cake . karen ( v.0 . ) we all do everything together and we be always the same crowd . anniversary . christening . we only go to each other 's house . CUT to : snapshot of James hugging Karen and mickey at table . karen ( v.0 . ) the woman play card . when my kid be bear , James and mickey be always the first at the hospital . CUT to : snapshot of beam James , mickey and Henry embrace against the window of maternity hospital while a nurse hold up a baby . mickey be in tear . . karen ( v.0 . ) when we go to the Islands or Vegas for vacation , we always go together , CUT to : ( continued ) 65 66 51 . continued : - 65 snapshot of James and mickey and Henry and Karen in bathsuit stand next to they poolside chair hold tall Trader vic' -style drink with tiny umbrella and pineapple stick out of they . karen ( v.0 . ) it get to be normal . I get to where I be even proud that I have the kind of husband who be willing to go out and risk he neck just to get we the little extras . CUT to : int . henry and karen' suburban house - angle on 66 henry's bedroom closet - day camera track row after row of neatly hang suit and - sport jacket and rack of sharp shoe . we see Henry get undress . he neatly hang he jacket and then lift the front of he sport shirt to he neck , revealing thick packet of crisp $ 50 and $ 100 bill he have wedge all around he waist . karen ( 0.8 . ) but I get my mother to watch the kid tomorrow night . CUT to : karen' bedroom closet camera track past row of Karen 's dress , pants suit , biouse , shoe and fur coat . henry ( 0.s. ) I tell you I can not . CUT to : kitchen we see Henry , now shave and dress in a different suit . he be on he way out . karen ( annoyed ) I be gonna need . some money . henry how much ? ( continued ) 66 67 52 . continued : 66 we see Karen hold she thumb and forefinger about a inch apart . we see Henry take about a inch and a half of money from he inside jacket pocket , slap it on the table and go out the door . , int . suite - night 67 a plush , overdecorate cocktail lounge and nightclub on queen boulevard , where we hear sergio franchi on the jukebox . ( note : replay the open of the film at 9 time normal speed -- Henry slamm the truck close . ) henry ( v.0 . ) for most of the guy , kill get to be accept . they be routine . murder be the only way everybody stay in line . it be the ultimate weapon . '' you get out of line , you get whacked . everyone know the rule , CUT to : tommy smash gun into Bill batt 's head . henry ( v.0 . ) but sometimes , even if people do not get out of line , they would get whacked . Hit just become a habit for some guy . it do not take anything to get yourself kill . CUT to : silhouette of tommy , henry and jame stuff billy 's body into the truck . henry ( v.0 . ) guy would get into argument over nothing and before you know it , one of they be dead . they be shoot each other all the time . shoot people be a normal thing . it be no big deal . cu uut to : ( continued ) 67 68 69 53 . continued : 67 tommy' mother' kitchen and breakfast . henry ( v.0 . ) you do not have to do anything and nobody be immune . you just have to be there . CUT to : tommy smash shovel into soft , bloody mattress cover in the trunk of the car . henry ( v.0 . ) but we have a problem with billy batt . this be a touchy thing . Tommy have kill a make man . billy be a part of the gambino crew and untouchable . cuut to : ext . connecticut woodland - night 68 we. see Tommy , Henry and James bury batt . henry ( v.0 . ) before you could touch a make guy , you have to have a good reason . there have to be a sitdown . and you better get a okay , or you would be the one who get whacked . Henry slam down trunk . CUT to : int . copacabana - late show - angle on table - night 69 be quickly set up by waiter and maitre d' as Henry , Tommy , franky carbone , and Joe manri sit down . in b.g. , we see older hood with young showgirl type . we see janice , a cherry California blonde , and some girl - friend seat at a table directly behind Henry 's table . CUT to : ( continued ) 69 70 54 . continued : 69 stage and as stage light dim : henry ( v.0 . ) Saturday night be for wife , but Friday night at the copa be always for the girlfriend . CUT back to : henry's table Henry be now sit next to Janice . Tommy be with girl # 1 . carbone be with girl # 2 . girl # 1 last week I see sammy Davis . what a performer . you gotta see hin . you gotta catch he . he do imitation I swear you would think it be the real people . girl # 2 yeah , the way he move . it 's unbelievable . I mean , you can understand how a white girl could fall for he . tommy what be you talk about ? girl # 2 I do not mean I . not I . I just mean , you can see how some girl could . like that swedish girl . you can see how she fall for he . you can see how he have this , this , personality . CUT to : copa stage spotlight . Bobby Darren be sing . ext . janice' apartment build - night 70 Henry 's convertible pull up . Henry have he arm around . Janice 's neck . we .see they go into the building . dissolve to : same - dawn 71 55 . int . cicero' house - day 71 Sunday . there be lot of relative and friend present . Henry and Karen arrive . Karen be carry they new baby and Henry have he two - year- old daughter by the hand . a great fuss be make over the new baby and over Karen by the woman , include cicero 's wife . cicero put a arm around Henry and lead he into a alcove . cicero what do you hear about that thing ? henry what thing ? the Brooklyn thing ? cicero no. no . the guy from downtown . henry the guy from near where Christie use to live ? cicero no . the other one . the one who disappear up the block from Christie . the one they make a beef on . henry oh! him. cicero you : know the one I mean ? henry oh yeah . sure . that guy . I know he . cicero that batt be a miserable fuck , but he people be look still for he . henry oh yeah . yeah . I know . I even look into it myself . nobody know what the fuck happen to he . he come in the joint that one night and then he disappear . cicero well , keep you eye open . they be busting my ball look for the fuck . 72 73 56 . int . suite - night 72 Henry and Janice , with the crew , be drink . Morris kessler be reluctantly pay off a bet at the bar . James call Henry aside . jame we get a problem . that thing we take care of upstate ? henry ( surprised ) paulie be just take about he . jame well , we gotta dig he up again . henry ( shocked ) what ? jame the guy just sell the property . they be gonna build condominium and I do not want anybody digging up the little bastard . henry ( horrify ) it 's be six month . jame it 's still better than let somebody find he . henry ( nodd in agree - ment and concern ) if paulie find out , we get problem . jame fuck paulie . if batt ' crew find we whacked he , we get real problem . ext . henry's car parked on deserted country road - night 73 a hot summer night . the car trunk be open . Henry , James and Tommy be struggle with shovel . Henry , sicken by the stench , be wear he handkerchief over he nose and mouth . Henry look at James and Tommy . they do not appear to be bother by . the stench . 74 75 76 7 57 . ext . henry and karen 's suburban home 74 Henry be hose out the trunk of he car . . he have all of the mat , the spare tire , and jack out of the trunk . karen what happen to the car ? henry ( annoyed at Karen 's pry ) I hit . a skunk . Henry sprinkle in a bottle of perfume and slam the trunk shut . . int . janice' apartment - bedroom - night : 75 we see Janice show off she new apartment to the giris , include sandy , a sexy , dark - haire girl . we hear Henry , Tommy , carbone and manri laugh in b.g . the apartment be decorate in Ocean Parkway ming . there be thick velvet - cover sofa and blue-glass ' coffee table in bedroom and we see a satin-cover , king - size bed with a doll propped against the pillow . we see Janice lean over and show she girlfriend , include Sandy , the red ruffle . henry ( v.0 . ) I set up Janice in a apartment around the corner from the suite . that way I be able to stay over a couple of night a week . Karen be home with the kid anyway and she never ask any question anyway . int . bridal shop - backroom : 76 Henry be strangling the owner of a bridal shop with he own tie while Tommy and James laugh . henry ( v.0 . ) Janice and I be have so much fun , she start screwing up at work , and I have to straighten out she boss a little bit . int . janice' apartment - bedroom - same night 77 we see Janice suddenly lift off she foot and throw on the bed . we see Henry and the girl laugh . as Henry lift Janice off she foot , he wink at Sandy , who smile back . 58 . int . suite - basement card game - night 78 glaze wall , ornate sconce , and a rumpus room bar . Henry , James , Tommy and other wiseguy be play card . Tommy be a little drunk . spider , a 22 - year-old apprentice hood , be wait on the player , bring they drink . the sort of thing we see Henry do earlier . Tommy be feel expansive . he throw he jacket open to reveal a gun tuck in he belt . tommy ( impatiently ) spider . c'mon , get I a seven and seven . we see spider deliver a drink to Henry and slowly back toward the bar . tommy spider . what do I say ? do I say I be die over here ? come on . move it . do not walk , dance . ( to he fellow player ) do you ever see in the cowboy movie where they make they dance ? do you see the Oklahoma kid , the only cowboy movie cagney ever make ? come on , dance , you varmit . we see Tommy take out he gun . spider Tommy , do not fuck around . tommy yahooo . henry Tommy , do not fuck around . put the gun away . Tommy ! tommy no , no . it 's okay . henry Tommy , come on . put the gun away . tommy no . it 's okay . just watch this . watch it . the gun explode and we see spider shot in the foot . 79 80 59 . ext . henry's house - evening 79 we see a set of key come fly out the window . tilt down to key . CUT to : bedroom Henry be furious . he push past Karen and look out window . henry I gotta go out ! karen not tonight , you be not . not without the car key , you be not . henry be you nut ? karen I do not care . something 's go on . henry ( exasperate ) that again . karen ( shriek and in tear ) you be a liar . I look at you and I know you be a liar . we see Henry pick up a large lamp and throw it at Karen . he miss . henry ( suddenly calm and walk out ) I need some air . I need a Little peace . at least at home . we see Karen sit down on bed and begin to cry . we hear the child crying in background . int . suite - basement card game - angle on spider - 80 night with bandage foot , and Henry walk in , and tilt up to both of they . James , Tommy and some hood be play card . Tommy be already drunk . ( continued ) 80 60 . continued : 80 tommy hey ! look at this . Fred astaire , back from the war . can you believe this guy ? that bandage . it 's bigger than he foot . spider ignore he . the card game be go on . shirt be unbuttone . the table fill with empty glass .. spider limp over with drink . . tommy spider . you be so full of shit . even with that food , I bet you can dance . spider put the drink down and try to ignore Tommy again . tommy come on , spider . come on . let 's see you dance . spider why do not you go fuck yourself . jame ( laugh ) hey , spider . that 's very good . do you hear spider ? the kid 's get ball . see , the kid 's get ball . he 's a good kid . spider start to limp proudly back to the bar . jame ( whisper to Tommy ) you go to take that shit from this punk ? this fuckin ' lowlife . this kid 's get bigger ball than you will have any day . he just get shot in the foot by you and he tell you to go fuck yourself . I can not believe this shit . ( to the crew , roaring with laughter ) can you believe this shit ? ( to Tommy , almost whisper ) Tommy ! you gonna take that shit from a punk ? ( continued ) 80 81 82 61 . continued : ( 2 ) 80 the player be all laugh loudly . spider be proudly stand near the bar . and , before anyone have any idea of what be about to happen , Tommy pull out one of he two gun and put three deafening shot into spider 's chest . everyone be freeze in silence . Henry be upset by shoot . there be a long pause . jame all right , you dumb fuck , if you be go to be a big fuckin’ wiseguy , you can dig the hole . we see a frown Tommy get up from table and slowly begin move chair around to get ready to dig the hole . henry ( v.0 . ) after billy batt and spider , everything be go crazy . not just we crew , but everybody . ~ CUT to : ext . janice' apartment - day 81 we see Janice in the apartment . CUT to : janice' door we see Karen press the buzzer while hold two hysterical child . karen ( scream ) open up ! I know you be there ! you stay away from my husband . karen ( v.0 . ) she would not open the door . I ring she bell . still , she would not open . I ring she bell for two hour , and she keep on hide . CUT to : int . henry's house - bedroom - on henry's sleeping face 82 - night camera be looking at he . feel a presence on top of he . ( continued ) 82 62 . continued : 82 we hear a click . Henry 's eye open . Henry look up . CUT to : henry's Pov we see the gun aim right through the lens . we can see the bullet in the chamber . karen ( straddle Henry in bed , hold a gun ) Henry . ( pull back the hammer ) wake up . * back to scene henry ( always deny ) what 's the matter with you ? you be erazy . karen ( hysterically ) crazy ? I be ' crazy enough to shoot you and she . cover by series of quick closeup cut Karen sweat , Henry 's profile , the hammer of the gun , etc . karen ( v.0 . ) but still I could not hurt he . how could I hurt he ? I could not even bring myself to leave he . CUT to : karen sweat . henry {carefully move he head away from the gun ) it 's all bullshit . I swear . it 's nothing . whatever you want , we will do . CUT to : ( continued ) 82 ~~ io 83 rm 63 . continued : ( 2 ) 82 henry's profile CUT to : karen' trigger finger karen ( v.0 . ) the truth be , that no matter how bad I feel , I be still very attract to he . why should I give he up to someone else ? why should she win ? henry ( quickly move he head away and grab the gun ) Son of a bitch . we see Henry slap Karen across the face and knock she off the bed . henry ( angrily get out of bed and pack he clothes ) I do not need this bulishit . I get enough to worry about get whacked on the street . I gotta come home to get whacked ? we see Karen cry . henry I swear on my mother , I should kill you . you be fuck crazy . we see Henry hit she . he be about to hit she again , but stop . he turn he back on she and open the door of he closet roughly grab some clothes as if get ready to pack . CUT to : int . janice' apartment - day 83 Henry open the door and Paul cicero and James enter . they walk toward the kitchen . the place be in disarray . henry ( to Janice ) honey . go get I some cigarettes . ( continued ) 83 ~ oo 84 ~~ 64 . continued : 83 Janice leave without say a word . cicero ( after watch the door close ) Karen 's come to the house . she 's very upset . it 's no go . you gotta straighten this all out . Henry look down . jame thing gotta be calm right now , and Karen 's so high -strung . she 's with mickey every day . who know what she 's gonna do ? cicero James and Tommy be suppose to pick up something in Tampa for I this weekend . James nod in agreement . cicero ( v.0 . ) you go with James , instead , get away for a few day . relax . CUT to : int . rear seat of car - night 84 we see man 's bleed face be punch . cicero ( v.0 . ) enjoy yourselves . have a good time . then , when you get back Monday , you go home to Karen . we pull back to see James and Henry beat a man who be squash between they . man ( plead ) I be not get it . I swear . we see James and Henry beat he more . man ( cry ) I can not . I swear . we see James and Henry look at each other . 85 86 65 . ext . tampa zoo - exit sign to busch garden - night 85 we hear the roar of lions . we see James and Henry drag the bookie out of the car by he arm and leg just outside the zoo . jame we be gonna feed the bastard to the lion . henry ( while drag bookie ) what lion ? I be not go near any lion . jame we only have to shove ' be over the moat . we see the man finally begin to squirm and scream . CUT to : ext . roadside phone booth - angle on bleeding man - 86 night on phone with James and Henry wait outside . henry ( v.0 . ) they must really feed each other to the lion down there , because the guy give the money right up and we get to spend the rest of the weekend at the track . ( pause and genuine shock ) but then , I could not believe what happen . CUT to : newspaper picture of Henry and James get arrest . , henry ( v.0 . ) when we get home , we be all over the newspaper . at first , I do not even know why we get pick up . CUT to : ( continued ) 86 87 88 66 . continued : : 86 newspaper photo of man they beat be arrest with he head bandage . henry ( v.0 . ) then , I find out , that the guy we rough up turn out to have a sister work as a typist for the f.b.i . government office where sobbing typist be surround by man in business suit . : henry ( v.0 . ) who could believe it ? of all the fuck people . she give up everybody . James . me. even she brother . : cur to : int . courtroom - day : 87 Henry and James before judge . Karen and child cry in court : other family member present and cry . henry ( v.0 . ) it take the jury six hour to bring we in guilty . the judge give James and I ten year like he be give away candy . int . maxwell' plum - bar - late afternoon 88 Tommy , Morris kessler , Joe manri , stack Edwards , frenchy McMahon , etc. , be all have drink with Henry before he go off to prison . we see by the bar clock that it be four o'clock . suddenly , Karen come charge into the bar . she be angry . she have track Henry down . karen ( frantic ) I think you be suppose to turn yourself in at ten o'clock this morning ? henry I be just have my last few drink . ( continued ) 88 89 67 . continued : 88 karen I have be all over town . I get a call from the bondsman . he say they be go to rescind you bail if you do not show up and sign in right now . they be go to take away the house . henry shit . Henry look at he pal , order he last scream Eagle for a while , and gently touch the tip of Karen 's finger . he swallow he drink , hug and kiss a tearful Karen and walk out of the bar to a long , white stretch limo wait at the curb . tommy say hello to James . Henry get in the rear seat of the limo . henry ( down a palm full of valium ) okay , now you can take I to jail . CUT to : int . lewisburg federal prison - dormitory - closeup - 89 garlic be slice razor thin . henry ( v.0 . ) dinner be always a big thing . we have a pasta course and then meat or fish . paulie do the prep work . he be do a year for contempt and he have a system for do garlic . he use a razor and he slice it so thin it use to liquify in the pan with a little oil . CUT to : hot plate with a pot full of tomato sauce and meatball be stir . ( continued ) wont , 89 68 . continued : 89 henry ( v.0 . ) vinnie be in charge of the tomato sauce . I feel he put in too many onion , but it be a good sauce anyway . CUT to : frying pan with smoking steak . henry ( v.0 . ) johnny dio do the meat . we do not have a broiler , so johnny do everything in pan . he smell up the joint something awful and the hack use to die . CUT to : hot plate hook up by long extension cord to a electric outlet in the toilet . there be huge kitchen knife , a block of ice in a tin pail cover with a cloth and large pot and colander necessary for cooking pasta dish . pull back to a large dorm with four bed separate by shoulder- height partition . the room do not look like a prison . there be curtain over the bar . the room be fill with smoke from the pan-fry steak . henry ( v.0 . ) everybody else in the joint be do real time , all mix together , live like pig . CUT to : henry in grey prison garb , carry a heavy canvas mail sack mark " lewisburg prison . '' he dump the sack on one of the bed . - henry ( v.0 . ) - we live alone . we own the joint . even that hack who we could not bribe would never rat on the guy who do . CUT to : ( continued ) 89 p™ ro 90 o~ 69 . continued : ( 2 ) 89 henry open the sack on he bed and pull out bottle of wine , scotch , and brandy , and hold they aloft . henry ( look for praise ) Nice ? good ? cicero ( look up from he garlic surgery ) okay . what else ? we see Henry reach in the sack and pull out cheese , dry sausage , a large jar of vinegar pepper and dry mushroom . cicero ( beam with pride ) now we eat . , we see Henry begin to set the table . CUT to : cicero and rest of mob boss play card , and sip wine , scotch and brandy . Henry be sit on he bed with he back to the group . when he see that no one be watch he , he pulis a black plastic garbage bag out of the sack . Henry open the bag and quickly count the clear plastic bag of marijuana , glassine envelope of heroin and bottle of pill . Henry quickly repack the drug and slip they under he cover . int . prison entry gate - day 90 visit day . Henry be in a guard 's booth watch the visitor ' gate through a window . we see a guard in the room with Henry . there be a knock . the Guard open the door and look at Henry . Henry nod . the Guard let the inmate enter . while the Guard watch , the inmate give Henry some cash and Henry give he one of the plastic bag fill with marijuana and a bottle of pill . the inmate be then escort out by the Guard who close the door . guard be there any more ? ( continued ) 90 9l 92 70 . continued : 90 henry ( look intently at the visit gate ) no , that 's it . no more today . we see Henry casually stuff some bill into the Guard 's shirt pocket . cur to : int . visitors 's gate - angle on karen - day 91 come through . she be wear such a large , oversize | coat that Karen look twice as big as she be when we last see she . . she have the two child with she . she be carry a large purse and some empty shopping bag . the guard see she and immediately help she get through the metal detection device and past the table where other woman be empty the content of they bag and package . cut to : registration desk where Karen quickly sign the visitor 's book . cuut to : guard grinning face we see he turn page of book so Karen can see the name of another of Henry 's visitor . CUT to : page of book we see name , " Janice Rossi " write next to hill , henry . CUT to : int . prison waiting room 92 pan back to a large gymnasium fill with formica table and cheap plastic chair at which we see prisoner and they wife and child eat , talk , cry and , in discreet corner -- hide behind makeshift screen of shopping bag and scarve -- have oral sex . ( continued ) 92 71 . continued : 92 we see that the bored guard be indifferent to what be happen . CUT to : table Henry and Karen be talk while we see the child play in the distance at the commissary food machine . karen ( fume ) you son of a bitch . she 's be here . - henry ( act dumb ) what be you talk about ? karen ( gottcha ) do not lie to I . I see she name in the register . henry jezuz Christ ! karen ~ you want she to visit you ? good ! . let she stay up all night cry and write letter to the parole board . henry ( astound ) what be I do ? I be in here ! I be in jail . I can not stop people from come to see I . we see Karen open she coat revealing large inside pocket where she have stow salamis , wine , cigarettes , carton etc . karen you want she ? good ! let she sneak this stuff in for you . we see Karen slam a salami on the table with such a thud that the other prisoner and wife turn around . karen let she fight with this creep bastard every week to make life easier for you ! ( continued ) 92 72 . continued : ( 2 ) 92 we see Karen slam down cigarettes and wine with a thud , this time we see a guard turn around and look at Karen and Henry and the contraband on the table . pause . we see the guard turn he head away . henry ( desperate ) stop ! - stop ! karen let she carry this . shit inside . we see Karen boldly wave a baggie fill with marijuana and some plastic medicine container with pill . Henry grab the narcotic out of Karen 's hand and grab she . we see Henry hug Karen to he and we see she drop she arm and hug he . karen ( quietly sobbing ) nobody 's help I . Tommy get four year . Morris and Belle be break . I ask you friend remo for the money he owed you , and you know what he tell I ? henry ( stroking she head and soothing she ) it will be okay . karen he tell I to take the kid to the police station and make the cop put I on welfare . we see Henry take the drug from Karen 's hand and slip it into he shirt . henry we have get to help each other . karen even paulie , since he get out , I hardly see he . henry it 's only you and I . that 's what happen when you go away . we be on we own . forget. everybody . forget paulie . as iong as he 's on parole he do not want anybody do anything . ( continued ) 92 o~ v~ 93 94 o~ 73 . continued : ( 3 ) 92 karen ( sobbing ) I can not do it anymore . henry yes , you can . I have get it set up . we will be fine . all I need be for you to keep bring the stuff . I have get a guy in here from Pittsburgh who will move it for I . believe I , in a month we will be fine . we will not need anybody . karen I be afraid . I be afraid if paulie find out . henry do not worry about paulie . be he help you ? be he put food on the table ? we have get to help ourselves . we just have to be careful while we do it . karen ( look in he face ) I do not want to hear about she anymore . henry ( hugging she to he ) never . dissolve to : title - four year later ext . prison gate - day 93 Henry come out in civilian clothes . we see he face drop . pan over to the beat - up old car . Karen be behind the wheel . Henry get in . int . karen' SMALL , cramped apartment 94 the sign of wealth be long go . Henry see that Karen have be live four tough , lean year . they daughter be watch as Henry look around the house . ( continued ) 94 95 74 , continued : 94 henry ( smile faintly ) get pack . we be get out of here . karen with what ? , henry ( smile , slyly ) do not worry with what . you just start look for a new place . I be go to Pittsburgh in the morning . the guy from Pittsburgh they owe I fifteen grand from we little partnership and it 's only the beginning . karen but you have get to see you parole officer in the afternoon and ... ( whisper ) I promise we would take lois to f.a.o. schwarz . henry do not worry about it . you listen to I ? now , come on . we gotta go see paulie . CUT to : int . cicero' house - angle on platter of food - day 95 come out of the kitchen and place on the table . CUT to : dock - in rear of cicero' house dissolve to : cicero and henry walk toward the edge of the dock . cicero I do not want any more of that shit . ; henry wha ? I ? ( continued ) 95 continued : 75 . 95 cicero just stay away from the garbage . you know what I mean . henry ( shocked ) I ? why would I get into that shit ? cicero ( interrupt ) I know what you do inside . you . do what you have to do . I be not . talk about that . I be talk from now on , outside . I be talk right here . henry why would I get into that ? cicero do not make I a fool . you know what I mean . from now on , you gotta be careful . just do not mess around with that shit , and watch out for James . James ' a good earner , but he 's sometimes too hungry . he 's wild . he do foolish thing . James be not a businessman . as good as he be , he take too many chance . henry I know that . I know James . you think I would take chance like James ? cicero and that Tommy . he 's a good kid , but he 's crazy . he 's a cowboy . he 's get too much to prove . you get to watch out for kid like that . henry paulie , I know . I know what they be . but I use they for certain thing . please . believe I , you do not have to worry . ( continued ) 76 . 95 continued : ( 2 ) 95 cicero ( not even listen to Henry 's protest ) I be not go to get fuck like gribb . he 's seventy year old and the fuck guy be go to die in prison . I do not need that . I do not care who it be . I be warning everybody . gribb get twenty year just because he say hello to some fuck who be sneaking around sell junk behind he . back . that 's not go to happen to I . you understand ? henry paulie . why would I ? I swear . cicero you be only home early because we get you a job , right ? and I do not need any heat . you understand ? Henry nod . cicero and , if you hear about anybody else fuck around with that shit , you tell I . Henry nod again . cicero ( gently slapping Henry on the cheek ) anybody ! you understand ? henry I understand . CUT to : 96 int . sandy'' basement apartment - angle on sandy'' hand 96 - day mixing coke in metal bowl . we see Henry stand behind she . Sandy be a intense , sexy , 30 - year -old , divorced , ex-airport clerk . ( Sandy be describe earlier in scene # 75 , page 57 , where . she flirt with Henry . ) the apart - ment be a jumble mess and even the table where she be cut the drug be litter with old coffee cup , newspaper , and day - old dirty dish . ( continued ) 96 97 77 . continued : 96 henry ( v.0 . ) it take I about a week of sneaking around before I could unload the Pittsburgh stuff without paulie find out . but when I do , it be a real score . I start use Sandy 's place ' to mix the stuff - and - even with Sandy 's snort more than she mix , I could see this be a good business . I make twelve thousand dollar in my second week and I have a down payment on my house . all I have to do be every once in a while , tell Sandy I love she . CUT to : int . parole office - tight on piece of paper - day 97 where stubby pencil calculation be be scribble . henry ( v.0 . ) it be perfect . as long as I keep get the stuff from Pittsburgh , I know paulie would never find out . but within a couple of week it get to be so big I need help . I get James and Tommy to come in with I . henry ( 0.5 . ) Fifteen , sixteen , eighteen , twenty - one -five . henry open a shoe box he have hide in a plastic grocery bag . James and Tommy lean close to Henry in order to see inside . henry ( smile ) do I tell you ? CUT to : OPEN shoe BOX fill with twenty dollar bill . ( continued ) 97 98 78 . continued : : 97 jame ( 0.5 . ) Nice . : tommy ( 0.s. ) who 's buy ? we see Henry 's thumb run through the tightly - stack twenty like piano key . CUT to : parole officer in tired business suit come out of door , over which we see sign read " UNITED states department of justice - parole division " ... and we see that Henry , James and Tommy be in the large brightly - light parole office count they drug profit . parole officer ( overworked and look around the crowded wait room ) conway ? we see James and parole officer walk into the office . parole officer still work ? door close . CUT back to : whole floor fill with ex- con parolee . cuut to : int . henry's new house 98 we see Morris kessler and he wife , Belle , be take on a tour of a over - decorate and expensive live room . ( note : shot almost like a commercial . ) karen ( 0.8 . ) this we have to have make special . I mean , sit in it . go ahead . sit. Belle plop onto sofa . ( continued ) 98 99 79 . continued : 98 karen ( 0.5 . ) the other you could not even sit in . and from here , watch the wall . Karen 's hand flick a switch on table next to sofa , and wall slide back , revealing tv and stereo . karen ( 0.s. ) see . it open . we have the electrician fix it up special . cuT to : large marble top table karen ( 0.8 . ) this we import . it come in two piece . on third object , pan to Karen . as Karen and Belle kessler disappear behind swinging kitchen door , Morris and Henry drop onto the sofa . morris it 's a fait accompli ? henry done . morris and James 's in it , right ? henry will you stop ? morris but you do not understand . it 's worth million . it 's once in a lifetime . we will be rich . no more nut every week . I have be cultivate this thing for two year . int . robert lounge 99 a seedy mob hangout . we see all of the wiseguy who will be a part of the lufthansa robbery . Morris , Henry , Tommy , and James be watch a basketbail game . henry ( v.0 . ) and this be the guy . CUT to : ( continued ) 99 80 . continued : : 99 tommy and franky carbone who be lean with they back against the bar , they jacket open , boss of all they survey . henry ( v.0 . ) Tommy and carbone be go to grab the outside guard and make he get we in the front door . CUT to : frenchy mcmahon who be play shuffleball . henry ( v.0 . ) frenchy and -- cut to : joe buddha sprinkle sawdust on the shuffleboard table . henry ( v.0 . ) Joe buddha have to round up the worker . CuT to : fat louie who be about 300 pound and be sit backwards in a chair , watch the television with a drink in he hand . henry ( v.0 . ) fat Louis have to keep they tie up and away from alarm . CUT to : morris shove he way between James and Henry at the bar and turn to the television basketball game . henry ( v.0 . ) . only Morris be drive we nut . he be busting James 's ball for a advance on the money we be go to steal . CUT to : ( continued ) 99 100 81 . continued : ( 2 ) 99 stack edward who be sit at the bar , delicately stir he drink with he pinky . henry ( v.0 . ) even stack get in on it . he be suppose to steal the panel truck and afterwards compact it by a friend of ours in Jersey . CUT to : int . karen and henry's bedroom - angle on baby - day 100 lois byrd , a young , pale blonde woman , put the baby and a overnight bag on the bed as Henry and Karen watch . henry ( v.0 . ) I have everybody work . even we old babysitter . karen ( enthuse ) she 's beautiful . look at she . Henry , look at she . henry ( singsong ) hello ! hello ! ( to lois ) have a good flight ? lois I hate Pittsburgh . we see lois byrd unwrap the baby 's pink snowsuit and take off its hood and mitten as Henry open lois 's overnight bag and take out some pamper and then he take out several plastic bag with cocaine and heroin . lois where would you find such creep ? henry they be okay and it 's worth it . ai not it ? karen ( play with the baby ) be this the same one as last time ? ( continued ) 100 101 continued : 100 lois ( amaze that Karen can not tell the difference ) no . that one be my sister 's . this be Louise 's . karne look at she , Henry , be she sweet ? do not she look like lois ? lois that 's what the stewardess say . we see Henry barely listen while put the drug in a@ paper bag . CUT to : int . sandy'' house - extreme closeup - cokeball 101 come back to see Henry at table make '' " cokeball " in a metal press . CUT to : line of coke on mirror shove under Henry 's nostril . we see straw insert into Henry 's nostril as he casually inhale . he never stop press the cokeball . track out to Sandy take a snort herself , and the sloppy table with the drug , scale , mixer , bowl and sieve . Sandy be razor- blading two more line . henry ( watch out of the corner of he eye ) hey ! watch out . we see Sandy lick she finger and then run she finger across Henry 's tongue . he lick , but do not react as he take several golfball - size cokeball out of the machine and put they in a leather pouch . he get up to leave . sandy stay there . ( continued ) — _e we we 101 continued : 83 . 101 henry do not start . I tell you to clean up . look at this place . it 's a pigpen . look around here . why do you think I buy you the dishwasher ? look. look at this . ( stick he finger under ' Sandy 's nose ) there 's enough powder around here to put we all away . sandy ( lick Henry 's finger and playfully push he into the chair ) I hate to do dish . henry ( sit down again ) hey , come on . I gotta meet somebody . sandy ( reach over he shoulder toward he crotch ) so do i. = = we see Henry look at he watch . 102 int . sandy'' shower 102 Henry be listen to the radio while take he shower . radio news broadcaster ( v.0 . ) .».. and nobody know for sure just how much be take in the dare pre-dawn raid at the lufthansa cargo terminal at Kennedy Airport . the f.b.i. say two million dollar , Port Authority police say four million dollar , the city cop say five . how much maximum ? that they will not say . so far , lufthansa have not say anything , but they have promise to break they silence soon with a press conference , and w.1i .n.s. will be there to cover it live from the scene of the heist at j.f.k. when they do . ( more ) ( continued ) 102 oe 103 a ~~ 84 , continued : 102 radio news broadcaster ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it look like a big one . maybe the biggest this town have ever see . stay tune ... Henry slam the soap onto the shower floor and pound the wall with joy . sandy ( 0.8 . ) be you okay ? what happen ? henry nothing . I drop the soap . that 's all . ext . robert lounge - night ' 103 private Christmas party . as they arrive , Henry and Karen be hugge by James in the doorway . it be a lufthansa victory party , but no one mention the robbery : jame ( grab Henry around the neck and kissing he head ) come here . ( to Karen ) look at this genius . James keep he arm around Henry and Karen as fat louie cafora show up with he new wife , dolore , who be also over 200 pound . they be beam with pride . fat louie ( to James and Henry . ) come outside . I gotta show you . just for a minute . we see a new pink caddy convertible . the sticker be still in the window . fat louie ( 0.8 . ) be that beautiful ? I get it for dolore . jame ( whisper angrily at fat louie ) you fuck nut ? do not I say not to go buy anything for a while . you get a fuck car ? ( continued ) 103 85 . continued : 103 fat louie ( try to placate James as he enter the bar ) do not get excited . it 's okay . my mother buy it for we . it 's a wedding present . it 's in she name . jame you be crazy . the bull be across the street . they be watch everything we do . CUT to :. ext . robert lounge cop in front . CUT back to : jame as he watch fat louie walk into the bar . jame ( angrily whisper to Henry ) the fat fuck ought to wear a sign . we see a smile franky carbone walk in the door and we see that he wife be wear a $ 30,000 sable coat . jame Jesus Christ ! be you all fuck nut ? carbone ( to Henry ) what 's the matter with he ? before Henry can answer , we see James start to grab the coat off mrs . carbone be back . carbone hey ? what the fuck be you do ? mrs . carbone ( hysteria rise ) franky ! he 's take my coat ! franky ! ( continued ) 103 86 . continued : ( 2 ) 103 meanwhile , we see James grab the coat off Mrs. cabone 's back and begin to roll it up and shove it under carbone 's arm . jame ( furiously , to carbone ) do not I tell you not to get anything big ? do not I tell you not to attract attention ? in two day , one fuck busy a caddy and another busy a.ten thousand dollar mink . ( to Henry } can you believe this shit ? ( to carbone , with some menace ) now get the fuck home and get rid ef the coat . bring it back to where you get it . I do not care what you do , just get rid of it . mrs . carbone ( to carbone , hysterical and angry ) I be not give it back . franky ? do you hear I ? we see carbone angrily grab he wife 's arm and leave . carbone do I tell you to shut up ? shut up ! jame ( to Henry , as they walk toward the bar ) Fucking guy . can you believe they . I tell they all : do not attract attention . Act normal . at the bar , we see stack Edwards and he girlfriend drop - ping shot glass of green creme de menthe into large glass of chill dom perignon . Tommy and he girl - for - the-night be stand with stack and he girlfriend . Tommy be wear a shiny silk suit that practically glow with newness . we see frenchy and buddha with they wife . everyone be dress in new clothes and flash gaudy ring . James and Henry move toward a quiet corner of the bar . we see Morris kessler suddenly burst in on they . morris oh ! there you be . I have be look all over for you two .' ( continued ) we 103 87 . continued : ( 3 ) 103 Henry and James stare at Morris , blankly . morris listen . I need it , James . I need it all . James get up to walk away without even look at Morris . henry Morris , relax . you see some money . morris ( continue anyway ) but I need it all . I owe people , too , you know . . we see James walk toward small office in the back of the bar . : morris James . wait. listen . please . we see that Morris be about to follow James into the room , but Henry stop he . morris I wanna talk to James . henry he hear . morris but I get two hundred and fifty come . it 's my share . James owe I . henry ( follow James into the backroom ) Morris , please . let I talk to he . CUT to : backroom James and Henry be alone . we see James take a thick stack of bill from inside he jacket pocket and press they into Henry 's chest . jame for Christmas . you share . it 's just a taste . ( continued ) 103 104 88 . continued : ( 4 ) 103 henry James . jame ( embrace Henry ) we do it . we do it . we hear a knock on the door . James stop as if catch . male ( 0.5 . ) hey , James . James . James return to normal . jame yeah , yeah . I will be right there . CuT to : int . henry's house - angle on huge artifiical christmas 104 tree - night we see Henry come in with the tree . henry hey ! look what I get . the most expensive tree they have . CUT to : huge white tree : all set up with large purple balis . we see Karen and the child excited by the present reveal under the tree . we see Karen kiss Henry , who slip a thick packet of bill into the front of she dress . henry go buy yourself a coat . Karen shiver with excitement . camera dolly into tree . henry ( v.0 . ) lufthansa should have be we ultimate.score . the heist of a lifetime . six million in cash . more than enough to go around . 105 89 . int . stack apartment 105 stack in bed . we hear a loud knocking at the door . tommy ( 0.5 . ) hey ! stack ! come on ! open the door ! wake up ! CUT to : stack open the door . franky you get coffee ? stack fuck ! you say you have coffee . tommy ( to franky ) put on a pot . stack ( put on he trousers ) Ball -bust son of bitch . cur to : stack bend over to put on he shoe . we hear water in the sink . CuT to : tommy pull out a .38 caliber gun with a silencer from he belt . henry ( v.0 . ) stack be always crazy . instead of get rid of the truck like he be suppose to , he get stone , go to he girlfriend 's and by the time he wake up , the cop have find the truck . it be all over the television . they even say they come up with print off the wheel . it be just a matter of time before they get to stack . ( continued ) good fellas - Rev. 6/28/89 . '' we see James the - back - toc : . gut to : : 106a back room ee 1064 , * no ) ' about it . ~~ ck / oo henry : ' there be cop . all over the place . * ( continued ) as . Henry ' hug tomny . '' they '' hear a knock at ' the ' door . startle , Henry , Tommy , and James stare atthe. door. a second and leave the back room . oe oe CUT to : ~ 06d we. see Henry exit and Morris go . off . 00d . fellas - Rev. 6/28/89 92 , marrow ballway outside back room este ' belting alis oes . , hine ear ? '' ' everything 's 8 ' gonna be improvise with Morris make Henry laugh and ... Henry look . up and see James look '' at Morris . ext . : _ sidewalk , outside robert ' lounge . bar .- next day 106 d° - we see Henry and James walk toward the door . '' henry wy , oy y . '' I eould see : for the first ' time that James be .a nervous . wreck . his mind be go in eight - different . direction at. once . ( continued ) 5 106d -106e good fellas - Rev. 6/28/89 93 , * continued : 106d : '' maybe . ' T - ean ' use : think 1é '5 okay ? int . ation vie wait > day se oe 106e James and Henry . continue . walk ' toward fable in . rear . of the bar : CUT to :- closeup - '' henry . / as he ' sit with James . henry . ( v.0 : ) I be just stalling for time . 1 ; still - chad till . eight or.nine o'clock to talk James out . of kill Morris , .but - meanwhile , as far as . James know , I be go along with the pregram . ( continued ) ' 107 ext . ROBERT 's 's lounge - - daw ce es 107 we see Morris , djamé long night . '' we see Mo : James " ear . '' : Tommy . leave t the bar after the ris lean . over and whisper : ' in '' jame ( burst ' out. laugh ) - ' Son of a. bitch . you be @ pisser . ( continued ) goon '' fellas - Rev. 6728/09 ee eee * 107 continued : . and . the ' second he close the tomaéy 's 1 across thefront seat , pull Morris 's head i back : by ' the eye 's eket and slash ' he : throat . : Morris 's 8 blood spray . | ' the windshield and dashboard . out to : en 108 ° int . henre' house - wicer 7 108 we hear . a doorbell ; waking ' Henry . and | Karen from sleep . ~ ~~ : woman ( 0.8 . ). : . open up : ~.- Henry ! '' Karen ! it 's I . Belle ! : ( continued ) 108 109 94 . continued : 108 belle in twenty year he 's never be away all night without call . I know something 's wrong . henry awright , awright . let I take you home and I '11 go look for he myself . right now . int . parking lot outside sherwood diner - dawn 109 Henry and James be leave together . . henry what ' 1ll I tell Belle ? jame who give a fuck ? tell she he run away with a broad . what do you care about she . suddenly James spot two FBI man who have be tailing he , doze in they unmark car . he start toward they car . jame watch this . henry come on , do not fuck around , will ya ? jame I do it all the time . bust they fuck ball . - henry James ... come on . fuck ‘em . do not give they the satisfaction . Henry watch James tiptoe up to the Agents 's car and rap on the window . the startle agent look and see James stare at they . jame come on , fuckoe . let 's go for a ride . ( to Henry as James start he car ) I keep ‘em up all fuck night . while Henry walk to he own car , we see James roar off and we hear the squeal of tire and brake as James and still sleepy agent in pursuit speed away from the club . 110 111 112 95 . ext . cafora' pink cadillac parked on brooklyn STREET 110 near school bus stop - morning we see some youngster walk over to peek in the car . the youngster be giggle . one boy sneak up alongside the car door and peek inside . we hear a yell . we see the body of fat louie cafora and he wife , dolore , slump against each other on the front seat . blood have cake all over they face from small bullet hole in they head . ext . large dumpster behind diner near airport - dawn 111 we see large garbage truck back up to the dumpster as garbage man lash two steel cable to ring on top of dumpster . we see garbage man signal for 0.s. to tighten cable and tip dumpster into truck . closeup of top of dumpster as it be tip over and we see a arm fall over the side and as dumpster tip more we see another arm and the dead face of frenchy McMahon and Joe buddha as garbage man scream to helper 0.5. to stop . ext . hunt point market - truck parking lot - morning 112 we see the open door of a large refrigeration truck . we see bright light and flashbulb go off . camera steadily move in on freeze body hang from a rack inside the truck . henry ( v.0 . ) James be cut every link between himself and the robbery , but it have nothing to do with I . I give James the tip and he give I some Christmas money . from then on I keep my mouth shut . I know James . he have the cash . it be he . I know he kick some money upstairs to paulie , but that be it . it make he sick to have to turn money over to the guy who steal it . he would rather whack they . anyway , what do I care ? I be not ask for anything and , besides , James be make nice money with I through my Pittsburgh connection . ( more ) ( continued ) 112 113 114 115 96 . continued : 112 henry ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) but still , for month after the robbery , they be find body all over . cameras move onto a closeup of franky carbone 's freeze face . henry ( v.0 . ) when they find carbone in the meat truck , he be freeze so stiff it take they two day to thaw he out for the autopsy . int . sherwood diner - day . 113 a bright sunny afternoon , Henry and James seat in a window booth . we see James eat egg on pancake with sausage and toast English muffins . henry ( v.0 . ) still , I never see James so happy . he be like a kid . we have money come in through my Pittsburgh people and after a while even the lufthansa thing begin to calm down . but the thing that make James so happy that morning be that this be the day Tommy be be make . ext . tommy devito' mother' house - morning 114 we see Tommy be all dress . he kiss he mother . Tommy walk down the stair toward two wiseguy and into a wait . car . henry ( v.0 . ) ~ James be so excited , you would think he be be make . he must have make four call to Tommy 's house . they have a signal all set up so he would know the minute the ceremony be over . int . sherwood diner - day 115 James have finish he breakfast and spot Henry 's untouched melon . jame ( look at watch ) you want the melon ? ( continued ) 115 116 117 118 97 . continued : 115 henry Nah . jame ( reach for the melon and look at he watch ) I - better call again . henry ( v.0 . ) James and I could never be make , because we have irish blood . it do not even matter that my mother . be sicilian . to become a member of the crew , you have get to be one hundred percent italian so that they can trace all you relative back to the old country . int . one - family brick build with garage under first 116 floor we see the car pull into basement garage and door close . int . sherwood diner - henry's Pov : 117 in window , we see James cross the parking lot to a out - door phone booth on the side of the road . truck be roaring past . henry ( v.0 . ) it 's the high honor they can give you . it mean you belong to a family and a crew . it mean that nobody can fuck around with you . it also mean you can fuck around with anybody , as long as they be not also a member . it 's like a license to steal . int . basement room off garage 118 . as Tommy proudly walk into the room , follow by the two wiseguy . henry ( v.0 . ) as far as James be concerned , with Tommy be make , it be like we be all be make . we would now have one of we own guy as a member . Tommy proudly walk into the room . we see a hood sud - denly appear behind he , put a gun to he head and FIRE . ( continued ) 118 119 98 . continued : 118 we see Tommy inertly drop to the ground in a heap . henry ( v.0 . ) except , they do not make Tommy that day . int . phone booth - jame suddenly , James slam down the phone with so much strength that the booth sudder . henry ( v.0 . ) they kill he . it be revenge for billy batt . when James turn around , we see that he be cry . we see Henry hurry toward James to console he . henry ( v.0 . ) and there be nothing we could do . batt be a make man and Tommy be not . we have to sit still and take it . it be among the italian . it be real greaseball shit . they even shot Tommy in the face so he mother could not give he a open coffin at the funeral . come up on date -- sunday , JANUARY 11 , 1979 . title up -- 6:55 am . ext . henry's driveway - day 119 we see Henry put a paper bag fill with gun into the trunk of he car . we hear the loud noise of a helicopter . we see Henry look up . we see a red heli - copter . Henry slam the trunk close . we hear the helicopter . henry ( v.0 . ) I be go to be busy all day . I have to drop off some thirty - eight at James 's to match some silencer he have get . I have to pick up my brother at the hospital and drive he back to the house for dinner and then I have to pick up some new Pittsburgh stuff for lois to fly down to some customer I have near Atlanta . 120 121 122 123 99 . int . henry's car - closeup - henry's face 120 as he drive he see the helicopter . ext . james' doorway 121 Henry full face , car in b.g . we see James grab one of the gun in he doorway and try to screw on a silencer he have in he pocket . he can not . jame what fuck good be this thing ? they do not fit . what do I need this for ? I be not pay for this shit . henry ( v.0 . ) right ' away I know he do not want they . I know I be go to get stick for the money . I only buy the damn gun because he want they . and now , he do not want they . I do not say a thing . James be so piss he do not even say goodbye . CUT to : henry put tear bag with gun back into car trunk . title up - 8:05 am . ext . henry's car ~ day 122 we see Henry speed toward top of a rise in highway approach queen Midtown tunnel . int . henry's car - day 123 henry ( v.0 . ) I know my Pittsburgh guy always want gun , and since I be go to see they later in the afternoon to pick up a delivery , I be pretty sure I would get my money back . Henry look up and see the red helicopter . when he look back at the road he be suddenly confront with a huge traffic jam spread out before he . we see he jam he foot.on the brake . title up - 8:45 am . 124 125 126 100 . int . hospital room - day 124 a bedraggle Henry arrive in he brother Michael 's room . Michael be all dress and sit in he wheelchair , wait to go . henry ( v.0 . ) when I finally get there to pick up Michael , he doctor want - to - put I in bed . I tell he about the accident . I say I be party all night . closeup - pill in henry's palm henry ( v.0 . ) he take mercy on I . he give I ten milligram of valium and send I home . my plan be to drop off my brother at the house and pick up Karen . int . henry's car - day | 125 we see Henry drive Michael . Henry look up and see the red helicopter . henry ( to Michael ) I think that helicopter 's follow I . michael be you nut ? int . henry's kitchen ~ day 126 we see Michael , in he wheelchair , chopping celery . we see Henry make meatball . lois byrd be also there , help Karen shell peas . lois 's overnight bag be on the kitchen table , surround by food . the child be play - ing on the kitchen floor . henry ( v.0 . ) I be cooking dinner that night . I have to start braise the beef , pork butt and veal shank for the tomato sauce . it 's Michael 's favorite . I be make ziti and the meat gravy , and I be plan to roast some pepper over the flame , and I be put on some string bean with the olive oil and garlic , and I have some beautiful cutlet , cut just right , that I be go to fry up before dinner just as a appetizer . ( more ) ( continued ) 126 ~~ 127 io 128 no 101 . continued : 126 henry ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I be home for about a hour . my plan be to start the dinner early , so Karen and I could go unload the gun that James do not want , and get the package for lois to take to Atlanta later that night . I keep look out the window and the helicopter be go . I ask Michael to watch the sauce , and Karen and I start out . title up - 11:30 am . int . henry's car - day 127 we see . Karen and Henry in car when Karen point out the window . CUT to : helicopter henry we be go to you mother 's . CUT to : karen' mother' cover garage area - day 128 henry ( v.0 . ) now I be sure we be be tail . my plan be to go to she mother 's and unload the gun . who need they in the trunk with all this heat ? CUT to : henry put the gun into garbage can . henry ( to Karen ) go inside . tell she not to touch anything outside the house . nothing . CUT to : ( continued ) 128 129 130 102 . continued : 128 karen and henry look up at helicopter . henry let 's go shopping . ext . long island shopping mall - closeup - henry on 129 phone - day nearby we see Karen stand outside of they park car . in b.g. , we see a large , busy shopping mall with car and shopper . title up - 12:30 pm . CUT to : mall phone booth henry I be not nut . it 's be follow I all fuck morning . I mean it . we see Henry slam down the phone . dolly into face . henry ( to Karen ) they think I be paranoid . the dumb fuck . I should bring they the helicopter , then we will see how paranoid I be . title up - 1:30 pm . CUT to : mall entry Henry and Karen peek out the mall deor surround by people with shopping cart and look into the sky for the helicopter . it be go . he listen . no noise . henry . okay ! Quick ! let 's get back to you mother 's . ext . karen' mother' garage area - angle on henry - 130 day get gun out of garbage . title up - 3:30 pm . 103 . 131 int . motel apartment - day 131 we see Pittsburgh dealer laugh as Henry give he the package of gun . a young man be also stand in the room . dealer do not I tell you you be paranoid ? see , Karen , do not I - tell he he be paranoid ? karen {barely look up and wander toward kitchen ) I need some coffee . Dealer put he arm around Henry and motion he toward the bedroom where they snort some coke and laugh . after snort the coke , we see the Dealer give Henry a plastic package of heroin he have take out of a paper bag on the dresser . Henry casually put it in he jacket pocket . henry ( v.0 . ) my plan be I have to get home and get the package ready for leis to take on she trip . also , ( o~ I have to get to Sandy 's house to . give the package a whack with some quinine . plus , I know Sandy be gonna get on my ass . then I have the cooking to finish at home , and I have to get lois ready for the trip . phone ring in bedroom . Dealer pick it up , listen a moment and offer it to Henry . dealer ( whisper so Karen can not hear in next room ) it 's Sandy henry ( annoyed ) yeah . Henry cover the mouthpiece . ~~ henry ( to Dealer ) a pain in the ass . ( more ) ( continued ) 131 . 132 ~ ~~ 104 . continued : 131 henry ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) I will see you in about a hour. ( pause ) I can not . I get my brother home tonight . ( pause ) we will talk about it later . okay ? Henry hang up the phone , pause and dial again . int . henry's kitchen - day 132 phone ring . we see lois byrd answer the phone . we see Michael be stir the tomato sauce . dealer' bedroom Henry be on the phone . henry's kitchen dealer' bedroom henry's kitchen CUT to : henry you ready ? CuT to : lois yeah . cuT to : henry tell Michael not to let the sauce stick . cuut to : lois ( to Michael , who be still stir ) Henry say do not let the sauce stick . michael I be stir . ( continued ) 105 . 132 continued : 132 '' henry ( v.0 . ) ( on phone ) you know what to do ? lois ( bored ) yeah , yeah . cuT to : dealer' bedroom henry now this be important . make sure you leave the house when you make the call . you understand ? do you hear I ? it 's important . call from a outside phone . I mean it . CUT to : henry's kitchen lois Jesus ! you must think I be dumb . ( of what be you bugging I for ? : I know what to do ! henry ( v.0 ) just make sure you do it . you know what I mean ? lois Jesus Christ ! you can be such @ pain . henry ( v.0 . ) just do what I say ! lois okay . we see lois hang up the kitchen wall phone . michael ( still stir ) what would he say ? lois nothing . ( continued ) 132 133 134 106 . continued : 132 lois byrd take a puff on she cigarette and start to fish around in the bottom of she pocketbook which be on the kitchen counter near the wall phone . we see lois byrd take out the airline ticket . henry ( v.0 . ) so , what do she do after she hang up with I ? after everything I have tell she ? after all she yeah , yeah , yeah , bullshit ? she pick up the phone and call from the house . now , if anybody be listen , they would know everything . they would know that a package be leave from my house and they would even have the time and the flight number . thanks to she . lois byrd reach for the kitchen phone and call . title up - 6:30 pm . int . henry's house - evening 133 Henry be work in the kitchen . henry ( v.0 . ) as soon as I get home , I start cooking . I have a few hour until lois 's flight . I tell my brother to keep a eye on the stove . all day long , the poor guy 's be watch helicopter and tomato sauce . I have to drive over to Sandy 's place , mix it once and get back to the gravy . int . sandy'' house - evening 134 we see Henry watch Sandy mix the half - kilo of heroin with milk sugar , double the amount . there be silence between they . Henry look at he watch . Sandy pause for a moment and sniff a line of coke she have cut on a mirror near the table . Henry snort some coke , too . the table and room be a mess . mixing bowl , scale , and sieve be strewn around the room . ( continued ) 134 135 107 . continued : 134 sandy ( get angrier while mixing ) I do not need this ... you say tonight and now it 's not tonight ... ' henry ( watch the dope be mix while stroking Sandy 's neck and shoulder ) it 's okay . I will make it up . I promise . just hurry it up a little . okay ? sandy ( finish the package with tape , and almost purring ) okay ? we see Henry grab the two half - kilo package off the table and start for the door . Sandy be startle . sandy ( shriek ) you bastard ! where be you go ? we see Henry get out the door just before Sandy throw the scale at it . title up - 8:30 pm . int . henry's dine room - night 135 after dinner . everyone be feel very expansive . lois and Henry have leave the table and be stand in the kitchen . lois ( to Henry ) I gotta go home . henry what for ? I get a pound of stuff in my jacket I have be carry around all day . we gotta start start taping it to you leg . lois I gotta go home and get my hat . ( continued ) 135 136 108 . continued : 135 henry forget you fuck hat . what be you , kid I ? just what I need now be a trip to rockaway . just because you want you hat . lois ioneed it . . I - gotta have it . it 's my lucky hat . I never fly without it . henry do you realize what we be involved in here now ? lois I do not care . I need my hat . I will not go without . it . henry ( v:0 . ) what could I do ? if she insisted , I have to drive she home for she goddamn hat . I throw the package in the kitchen and go to take she home . CUT to : henry nodd to Karen that the heroin be in the kitchen . title up - 10:45 pm . ext . henry's driveway - night 136 we see Henry and lois get into he car . as they start to move out of the driveway , Henry notice that there be a traffic jam in front of he property . people be walk around with flashlight . it look like ' a accident . suddenly , a man in windbreaker appear at Henry 's window and jam a gun against Henry 's head . man one move , motherfucker , and I will blow you away . henry ( v.0 . ) for a second 1 think I be dead , but when I hear all the noise , I know they be cop . only cop talk that way . if they have be wiseguy , I would not have hear a thing . I would have be dead . 137 138 139 109 . int . henry's bedroom toilet - night 137 we see Karen hurriedly flush heroin down the toilet upstairs while we hear FBI men at the door downstairs . we hear Michael and child 's voice downstairs . we see Karen go to the bureau drawer and grab a small caliber gun , lift she dress and , grimace , shove the cold metal into she underpant . CUT to : int . FBI office 138 Henry be seat and surround by FBI Men and prosecutor edward mcdonald . we see lois byrd bring in past Henry and ushere into another room . we see the Dealer ushere past Henry and place into yet another room . henry ( v.0 . ) all day I think the guy in the helicopter be just local cop busting my ball over lufthansa , but they turn out to be nark . they have be on I a month . phone tap . surveillance . we see Sandy bring in , follow by two cop carry cardboard box fill with pot , sieve and scale from Sandy 's table . the cop put the box on a table where Henry can see they . we see one of the nark lick he finger after wiping it across one of the bowl . he smile at Henry and roll he eye . we see Henry slouch further in he seat while question continue . int . prison visiting area 139 we see Karen and Henry seat at a table in a visit area . Henry be nervously look around at the guard and whisper to Karen . CUT to : in synch karen ( anxious ) James 's call every day . it 's urgent . henry {a little annoyed at Karen ) what do he say , exactly ? 110 . 140 int . henry's house - day 140 karen ( v.0 . ) ( she turn to be annoyed ) at least James and mickey want to help . I talk to mickey every day . that 's more than I can say for the rest . : henry ( v..0 . ) ( placate ) Paul will calm down . you will see . 141 int . james' house - day 141 we see mickey on the phone . karen ( v.0 . ) I tell James the cop take we car and froze we bank account and he offer to get I some money . he want to know what 's happen . you gotta meet he : henry ( v.0 . ) fuck James and the money . do not I tell you I gotta get out of here first . I gotta straighten everything out with paulie or I be dead . camera pan to sinister James conway in b.g. 142 int . prison visiting area - day ( continuous ) 142 karen ( annoyed and indicate the jail ) then you be safer in here . henry ( exasperate ) safe ? here ? they will kill I here . they be all afraid I be gonna rat they out . people be already look to walk away from I . I be dead in here . you gotta get I out . karen ( worried ) who 's gonna do that ? ( continued ) 142 143 144 '' ul . continued : 142 henry ( plead ) just get I out . CuT to : karen her face drop , but she 's not sure . ext . prison bail release gate - midnight 143 we see Henry hurry out of the prison . he look nervous over he shoulder . henry ( v.0 . ) Karen finally get she mother to put she house up for my bail . I be out . we see Karen and she mother be wait in the car . henry ( v.0 . ) I remember I have this feel I be go to get kill right outside the jail . I know paulie be still piss at I and he 's such a hothead I be afraid he might have I whacked before he calm down . and I be also worried about James . James know if paulie find out he be in the drug deal with I , paulie would have James kill even before I . this be the bad time . I do not feel safe until I got. home . CUT to : int . henry and karen' house - bedroom - angle on 144 henry - night frantically look around the bedroom . henry ( v.0 . ) so now my plan be to stay alive long enough to sell off the dope that the cop never find and disappear for a while until I get thing straighten cut . henry ( to Karen ) where 's the stuff ? ( continued ) 144 112 . continued : 144 karen what be you talk about ? henry you know . the stuff I leave . karen ( beginning to cry ) I flushed it down the toilet . henry ( anguish and anger mix ) you what ? karen ( ery anguish ) what do you want I to do with it ? they be all over the house . henry be you fuck nut ? that be forty , fifty thousand . I need it . I be depend on that money . karen ( cry ) they have a warrant . they go through everything . they would have find it . I swear . henry shit ! you know they would have never find it . why do you do it ? why do you do it ? my God , why do you have to do it ? karen ( a primal screen ) oh no ! no! wnoooo ! henry ( scream ) why ? why ? we see Henry and Karen hold onto each other as they ery and scream , with the scream echoing out on the soundtrack . dissolve to : there face asleep , and camera dolly out to reveal a gun in Henry 's hand as they sleep . 145 113 . int . geffken' bar 145 the place be close , but inside we see Paul cicero in the kitchen cooking pepper and egg in a fry pan with olive oil . we see several hood surround he at a distance . various supplicant , a local butcher , a old lady , etc. , wait for a papal audience . cicero ( look down ) I warn you a million time . henry I have be all fuck up since I get out . cicero you think I do not know what you be do ? ' henry it be easy money . I do it in the can . shit ! I learn the junk business in the can , paulie . cicero right in my face . you look in my face and you lie . henry but , paulie , I be sorry . believe I . I be fuck crazy . but I be okay now . I can be trust . I be clean now . on my child . believe I ! two week cold turkey wait for bail get my head together . cicero you think I be some fuck jerk ? henry paulie , I could not come to you . I do not want to put you in this shit . ( pause ) I be ashamed to come to you . I know I be wrong . we see cicero stand , mute . henry paulie . you be all I get . I need help . ( continued ) 145 146 147 114 . continued : 145 cicero you treat I like shit . we see cicero reach into he pocket and take out a thick wad of bill . without count the money he put the cash in Henry 's hand . cicero clasp Henry 's hand in he own . cicero ( look down while hand Henry the cash ) here . take it . ( look up with tear in he eye ) now I gotta turn my back on you . closeup - henry henry ( v.0 . ) thirty - two hundred buck . that 's what he give I . thirty - two hundred buck for a lifetime . it would not have pay for the coffin . cuUT to : int . henry and karen' bedroom : - night / 146 karen I be not go to run . live the rest of we life like rat . be that what you want ? leave my mother . leave my family . never see anybody again . henry ( plead ) we be gonna leave then anyway , because if we stay around here we be gonna be dead . karen ( angrily pull away they be right . you be paranoid . ext . jukebox storefront - angle on jame - day 147 nervously pace near the doorway . there be jukebox and pinball machine of various size and hue on the sidewalk . some be be load onto panel truck and carte off . ( continued ) 147 continued : 115 . 147 jame ( concerned ) how be he ? okay ? be they busting he chop ? karen he 's okay . they sober he up . jame do he say what they be ask he about ? karen James . I do not know . I get so much else on my mind . I get the kid . we get no money . jame I gotta talk to he as soon as I can . karen he say he 's too hot . he do not even know I come here today . it 's like he 's crazy , James . jame I know . I know . but it will be okay . do not worry . I get some money for you . it 's down the block . we see James lead Karen to the edge of the sidewalk and point down the block toward a row of store . jame ( point ) the third store down . karen ( v.0 . ) James just stand there on the sidewalk . it feel funny . I start walk down the block , but I notice the store be empty . CUT to : empty storefront with chalk window . ( continued ) 147 148 116 . continued : ( 2 ) 147 karen ( v.0 . ) I get a bad feel . I just keep walk . cur to : jame stand on sidewalk . jame ( shouting ) Inside ! go in there ! cut to : empty storefront with open door and dark figure wait inside . karen ( very rattle ) James , I be in a hurry . I have get to pick up the kid at my mother 's . I will come back later . we see Karen hurry down the block past the store . ext . henry's house - driveway - day 148 we see Karen 's car screech to a halt near the garage as Henry come racing out of the house toward she . he have a gun press close to he side . we see Karen be freeze to the wheel in fear . she be visibly shaking , cry . we see Henry very gently pull she from behind the wheel . he have cradle she in he arm as , after a wary look around the street , Henry walk she toward the house . henry what happen ? you okay ? karen I get scared . henry ( soothing ) okay . do not worry about it . it 's okay . karen ( still in shock ) I get scared . 149 117 . int . sherwood diner - late morning 149 camera move in on table . henry's Pov - long tracking shot through restaurant you do not know what you be tracking until you see all the food on the table and James look up . henry ( v.0 . ) if you be part of a crew , nobody ever tell you that they be go to kill you . it do not happen that way . there be not any argument or curse like in the movie . you murderer come with smile . they come as you friend , the people who have care for you all you life , and they always come at a time when you be at you . weakest and most in need of they help . so I meet James in a crowded place we both know . I get there fifteen minute early and I see that James be already there . he take the booth near the window so he could see everyone who drive up to the restaurant . he want to see if I have be tail . James stand to embrace Henry . we see a table with melon , egg , sausage , toast English muffins , etc . Henry notice that James have not touch any of the food . next to James , we see a large legal folder . jame ( smile , friendly greeting ) you look good . henry ( shaking he head ) I do not need the headache . jame come on , eat something . henry I can not eat , just get I some coffee . henry ( v.0 . ) he be jumpy . he have not touch a thing . ( more ) ( continued ) 149 continued : closeup - 118 . 149 henry ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) in the old day , James would have order double and eat it all . on the surface , of course , everything be suppose to be fine . we be suppose to be discuss my case , just like we always would , but I have a feel James be try to sense whether I be go to rat he out to save my neck . jame . ( patting the legal folder ) I think you get a good shot at beat the case . henry how ? jame it 's that rat bastard from Pittsburgh . he rate you all out . he 's be a rat since he get bust in Pittsburgh . henry yeah . jame he 's hide , the son of a bitch , in Florida . henry yeah . 's jame I want you and Anthony to go down there and take care of that bastard . without he , they have get no case . james' hand give a piece of paper to Henry . tilt up on James and freeze . henry ( v.0 . ) James have never ask I to whack somebody before , but now he 's ask I to go down to Florida and do a hit with Anthony . CUT to : ( continued ) 149 150 151 152 119 . continued : ( 2 ) 149 freeze of henry , head - on look at James . henry ( ¥.0 . ) that 's when I know I would never have come back from Florida alive . unfreeze on Henry and back to action like nothing be wrong . camera dolly out and we see James and Henry sip they coffee . we see James reach for some food . Henry pass James the salt . they be two guy finish breakfast - in a diner . int . FBI office - angle on henry and mcdonald - day 150 argue . Karen and some FBI agent be stand nearby . mcdonald we will pack up everything and send it to you . karen I get dry clean . mcdonald we will pick it up . ext . jukebox storefront - day 151 we see a grim James get into the rear seat of a unmark FBI car while hood watch silently . CUT to : int . FBI office - day 152 Karen be now seat next to Henry on sofa . McDonald be lean against the desk . in b.g. , we see FBI man play with the child . we see Henry and Karen 's suitcase stack near the sofa . mcdonald we will sell you house here and apply the money to you new name . henry I do not want to go anywhere it 's cold . mcdonald I can not control that . ( continued ) 152 153 154 155 120 . continued : > 152 henry I do not care who control it . nowhere cold . karen he 's very bronchial . int . geffken' bar 153 we see FBI man fill the barroom and cicero , surround by agent , be handcuff and shove toward the door . CUT to : int . FBI office - angle on henry and mcdonald . 154 argue . karen . ( whisper to Henry ) what about the school ? : __ henry yeah . what about the kid ' school ? mcdonald do not worry about the school . we will take care of the school . karen I do not want they leave back . mcdonald they will not be leave back . they will stay in they grade . karen that 's important . CUT to : int . courtroom - angle on back of henry's head 155 and track around . henry ( v.0 . ) it be easy for all of we to disappear . my house be in my mother - in - law 's name . my car be register to my wife . ( more ) ( continued ) 155 121 . continued : 155 henry ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) my social security card and driver 's license be phony . I have never vote . I never pay tax . my birth certificate and my arrest sheet , that 's all you would ever have to know I be alive . slow dolly in to Henry 's face . henry ( v.0 . ) the hardest thing for I be leave the life . I stili love the life . we be treat like movie star with muscle . we have it all just for the ask . closeup - jame conway seat at defense table in grey suit and rimless glass . he almost look like one of he lawyer . henry ( v.0 . ) we wife , mother , kid , everybody ride along . I have paper bag fill with jewelry stashed in the kitchen and a sugar bowl full of coke next to the bed . in b.g. , we see mickey conway cry . henry ( v.0 . ) anything I want be a phone call away . free car and the key to a dozen hideout flat all over the city . I would bet twenty , thirty grand over a weekend ... closeup - jame conway come up on screen -- twenty -five year . henry ( v.o. ) . and then I would either blow the winning in a week or go to the shark to pay back the booky . CUT to : closeup - paul cicero look older and grey . cicero be look down . ( continued ) 155 156 122 . continued : ( 2 ) . 155 come up on screen -- four year . dolly in to : extreme closeup - henry as he speak ; in synch , directly to camera . dolly in to extreme closeup as he speak . henry it do not matter . when I be break I just go out and rob . some more . we run everything . we pay off lawyer . we pay off cop . everybody have they hand out . and now it 's all over . ext . STREET in midwestern andy hardy town - day 156 track down the street . henry ( v.0 . ) and that 's the hardest part . today everything be different . there 's no action . camera track past white picket fence . henry ( v.0 . ) I have to wait around like anyone else . you can not even get decent food . right after I get here I order some spaghetti with marinara sauce and I get egg noodle and ketchup . camera approach house and track in to : door of house as it open . aman , still in he pajamas , lean out to get the milk and newspaper . he look up . it 's Henry . henry ( v.0 . ) ( talk to camera ) I be a average nobody . I get to live the rest of my life like a schnook . fade out . the end