fade in fade in : 1 ext . off coast of antigua , 1775 ( black & white ) - day 1 super : " antigua , 1775 " a dinghy fill with five grizzle pirate row through rough water . two passenger , cleaner than the rest , sit in the middle look around quite nervously . passenger #1 ah ... maybe this be not a good idea . I think that I ... pirate#1 ah , not 'r ye mind . capn 's always lookin ' fer fresh meat . er , new blood . one of the other pirate grab he shoulder , make he jump . pirate#2 yeah ... ' side , who would not wanna ' be parta ' the fiercest crew afloat ? hmm ? laugh . the small rowboat pull up next to a large , fully armored and decorate pirate ship . the inferno . it be anchore closely to a strange , circular reef . a rope ladder be throw over the port side for they to board ship . lot of activity . two or three man be stand down on the reef . a pirate slap one of the passenger ' butt as he climb up . the other be poke with a sword to hurry he up the ladder . pirate # 1 Don ' fall ... would not want ye to feed the shark a' for meetin the cap and . passenger #2 sh-shark ? the man climb aboard and join the group on deck near the mainmast . various remark and catcall mock the passenger until everyone suddenly quiet down and look toward the captain 's galley door . it creak open . out of the shadow , a burly figure step forth . we only see he from the right side . there be a slight limp to he walk as he make he way to the center of the group . he stop almost face to face with the passenger . willy welcome aboard the inferno . 2 . in a instant , we see he leave side ... and the decorate patch cover he leave eye . one - eyed willy . he be in he mid-30 's and do not look like you typical idea of a pirate except for the eye patch . he be clean -shaven and speak very well . willy ( cont 'd ) I hear that you wish to become pirate . ( he crack a smile ) that true ? passenger #1 yes ... we do , sir . willy Fine . then pirate you be . just not aboard this ship until you accomplish one thing . passenger #1 j- just one thing ? what " thing " ? willy the gauntlet . the crew give a deep moan , almost in unison . some laugh . passenger #2 what be the " gauntlet " ? willy oh ... nothing really . just a test . two huge samoan-look pirate grab the passenger roughly from behind . other begin tie rope around they wrist . willy ( cont 'd ) a simple test to see if you have what it take to become a member of my elite crew of " ruthless barbarian " . all you have to do be retrieve a sword for I . that 's it . the pirate drag the frighten passenger towards the bow of the ship , tie they to the wooden point in front . they toss they over the front so they be hang upside - down by they ankle -- just above and to each side of the carve wooden lady that adorn the bow of the ship . willy ( cont 'd ) unfortunately for you two , the weapon be locate beneath the inferno . attach to the centermost point of she lovely hull be you key back onto the ship . one for each of you . bring they to I , and you shall reap the benefit of all that I have to offer . two pirate carry over a large barrel and dump it overboard beneath the passenger . it be fill with bloody remain , and quickly turn the water red . willy ( cont 'd ) oh . there be a rope ladder at the stern of the ship . if you still have a arm leave by then , please feel free to use it . a shark fin pop out of the water below the man . the water start to churn rapidly as several shark vie for the chum . it appear that they have be here for a while . the pirate aboard ship begin to howl and place bet . willy grin . the two passenger begin to scream as they rope be cut from the ship . passenger # 1 be cut free first and land roughly on top of one of the shark . his hand be still tie loosely . he be desperately try to free himself as passenger # 2 splashes down beside he . shark be everywhere . another barrel of chum be dumped on top of they . passenger # 2 , cover in blood , reddish water , and meat chunks ... give a brief terrify look at passenger # 1 , but do not help he . he take a deep breath , then dive amid the shark and start under the ship . passenger # 1 frees himself , then breathes deeply and dive under . underwater the water be very clear , and it be easy to see that the water be alive with shark . passenger # 2 lead by about two body length . as passenger # 1 start off , a shark attack he , slice into he leg . passenger # 1 twist around to see the beast grip he leg and kick roughly at the shark with everything he have . another shark brushes by he side . his heel connect with the eye of the shark , and he be release . he spastically swim away with a trail of blood flow from the severe wound . passenger # 2 have reach the center of the ship where two sword be mount in a small recede area about four foot from each other on either side of the keel . he reach up and grab the handle of the close one . as quickly as he grab it , two panel spring into place on each side of he wrist ... lock he arm inside . he begin panic , wildly try to get he wrist free . passenger # 1 swim up see the other sword , then the trap passenger . he swim over to passenger # 2 and try to help he . nothing . he twist around and see a very large shark head toward they . he quickly push away and go to the other sword . instead of grab it , he kick at it . the sword fall out as the panel slide quickly into place , trapping nothing besides water this time . he almost miss catch the sword before it plunge into the depth . he turn back to passenger # 2 . only a arm hang from the trap panel now . a small trail of blood lead away from the limb . he let out what remain air that he have and swim up to the port side of the ship . burst through the surface of the water , he gasp loudly for air . he be only a few foot from the reef . the pirate scream in support . he swim rapidly to the reef , try to climb up . a shark swim by . the four pirate on the reef quickly push he back into the water ! pirate#3 uh-uh ! ye be not finish yet ... ye gotta ' get to ' the ship ! with he leg trail a lot of blood , he swim rapidly towards the stern of the ship . a shark bump he as he round the aft of the inferno . a rope ladder be mount to the stern . the pirate be stare down at he , scream in support . exhausted , he fumble for the rung . pirate#1 ye better jump , flea ! the pirate point behind passenger # 1 . a shark fin be speed towards he . he quickly try to climb the ladder , but he be tired , have a sword in one hand , and he wounded leg be not work very well . just as the shark be about to bear down on he , he be pull up with the ladder by the group of pirate . they cheer loudly as they grasp he wet clothes and pull he aboard . he collapse onto the deck , bleed and breathe heavily . willy step up to he . willy well , man ... it appear that we have a new shipmate ! cheer . passenger # 1 weakly raise he sword into the air . willy reach down , pull he to he foot . he stumble . willy ( cont 'd ) someone attend to he leg ! we do not need another damn peg leg aboard ! a pirate with a bone peg leg hurry forward with bandage and start to work on passenger # 1 's wound . passenger # 1 ( weakly ) how many have ... 5 . willy huh ? speak up , mate ! passenger #1 how ... how many have make it though that alive ? willy none ! you be the first , matey . not too easy , be it ? a lot of shouting and point . a small dinghy have make its way to the ship . a man hurriedly climb aboard and head directly toward willy . he be out of breath and sigh deeply before speak . messenger they be almost upon we . a ship just pull into port and say they pass them on the way in . a day be travel ! they be almost here ! pirate#1 ye say we have week , cap and ! there be much excitement on board . everyone have turn to face willy as if expect answer that he do not have . pirate#2 yeah ! wha ' happen ? we ... willy enough ! the English have gain on we sooner than I have plan , but all be not yet lose . ( he motion toward the side of the ship where the reef be ) Close it up ... now ! we be leave ! pirate#1 but cap and ... there be men down there ! willy I do not care ! let God worry about they -- not I . willy smile at the new passenger , then turn and head back to he quarter . willy ( cont 'd ) and get that man a change of clothes . he 's a welcome addition to the crew ! he slam the door shut behind he . 2 ext . - inferno - night 2 the ship crash through the wave . windswept pirate cover the deck , rush to and for . stand on the poop deck , willy stare into the night behind they through a spy glass . a single light can barely be see on the horizon . pirate # 2 cap and ? anything ? willy yes . time pass . various image of a very long and rough trip . the English ship be much faster and be gain . there be a firefight . the inferno be outgun . damage , they try to flee . the English ship follow . 3 ext . inferno - day 3 willy be stare back at the very close ship . he look down at a crude map . a pirate come run up to he , breathless . pirate #1 cap and ! they say there 's a cave aroun ' the bend a bit ! can barely be see from the nest ... he motion up to crow 's nest perch on the masthead . willy and ? pirate#1 we be thinkin ' that we could pull the inferno inside . you know , so ... willy Big enough for she , eh ? hmmm . if they pass by , we can swing around behind she ... ( pause ) aye. do it ! now ! a instant flurry of action begin aboard the inferno . willy ( cont 'd ) cut she as close to the shore as ye can ! we need to make it in before they can see around the bend ! move , fer God 's sake , move ! man the hand lead and line ! 7 . 4 int . cave aboard the inferno - darkness 4 Pirates crouch in the shadow peer out between the gunwale . the inferno be tuck silently within the darken wall of a very large cave . the man watch silently as the trail ship round the bend outside the cave about 1000 yard out at sea . it continue without slow . the man aboard the inferno begin to smile . suddenly , the smile stop . the ship start to turn towards they . it be obvious that they have be see . the crew start scurrying to they post . they be trap . the ship outside move into place and start fire towards the cave . gradually , the cannon begin to find target . the cave start to collapse around the inferno . willy stand at the stern of he ship ... shadow of the collapse cave dance across he harden face until all that be leave be darkness . CUT to : 5 int . - one - eyed willy house o' antique - day 5 begin credit . during the credit , we be privy to the many object of curiosity lining the wall of the shop . there be a frame yellow newspaper article about the discovery of a empty pirate ship off the coast of Hawaii , and another on the arrest of the fratelli family thanks to a group of kid from the goon dock . somewhere among the article we even catch a glimpse of the map & doubloon that lead to the original adventure . at the end of the credit there be a frame photo of the original group of goony huddle together : mikey , brand , chunk , data , mouth , andy , & stef . end credit . a hand reach down and grasp a inhaler next to the cash register . mikey inhale deeply , then begin to breathe normally . he be now in he mid 20' , but will never appear to be he true age . the front door of the shop creak open , accompany by the sound of the connect chime . mikey look up from the dusty book that he be read to see a elderly man , chester copperpot III , enter the store . he be in he fifty , and be obviously well - to- do . the door slowly close behind he as he step toward the front counter , stare off distantly . mikey straighten himself up a bit . mikey good afternoon , Sir . the man seem to ignore he . he turn , appear to be look for something . he walk briskly toward the display case contain the medallion & skeleton key from the first film . he brushes he finger gently across the top ... almost caress the glass . mikey come out from behind the counter as the man attempt to open the case . mikey ( cont 'd ) uh , Sir that be not for sale . it 's only a display ... chester twenty - five thousand . mikey stumble a bit . mikey Excuse I ? chester twenty - five thousand . Cash . mikey F - for that ...? chester ( slowly . pronounce . ) each . the man have not yet look at mikey . suddenly , the door swing open behind they . tami enter the store . she be about the same age as mikey , and obviously know he quite well . tami hi , Babe ... ( spot the customer ) oh , sorry . she quietly go behind the counter . mikey slowly turn back to Chester nervously . mikey I , uh , can not . do you say ... " each " ? chester ( finally look up at mikey ) I will pay you fifty thousand dollar cash for this two piece . tami 's attention be instantly hook by he word . 9 . mikey no . no , I can not . they be special -- we go though a lot together . tami move in from around the counter . tami Mike ... chester Mr. walsh , everything have a price . what do you need from I to make we both happy ? just say a number . tami mikey ... mikey no. I be sorry , they be not for sale . mikey turn from he , and head back to the counter . Chester stand there for a moment before head for the door . he be obviously annoyed . tami trail after he . tami uh , Mr ... let I talk to he . he 's just ... they both exit to the street . through the window we can see they talk . he hand she something , then go to he car . she return inside . tami ( cont 'd ) mikey , do you realize what we could do with that money ? we ... mikey yes , Tam . I know . ( take a deep breath from the inhaler . ) that be not really mine to sell . they be a gift from a very old friend . tami stare , she face very slowly change from confusion to love . she move forward , gently touch he face . tami you know that they have treatment for obsessive - compulsive disorder , right ? ( pause with a smile ) ok , Mr. you win . you get to keep you trinket . we can squalor in poverty for now . they embrace . behind he , she toss the business card that Chester hand she onto the counter . it land face down . 6 T. int . - oregon state prison -- evening 6 a inmate lazily roll a cart cover in book , magazine , and newspaper down the row of prison cell . he hand a few book through the bar of a couple cell . at one , we see a hand poke out with two pack of cigarettes . he take they , give a sly glance around -- then reach under the stack of magazine and give the hand a copy of playboy . he wheel up to the next cell and stop . jake fratelli be lay on he cot . he look up at the inmate and give a crooked smile . jake whatcha ' get , buzz ? any hacksaws today ? inmate yeah , but I just give the last one away to someone who know how to use it . jake oh , that hurt . just gimme ' my paper . the inmate take the top newspaper , and begin to pass it through the bar . guard1 step up and swipe it from he hand before jake take it . the inmate look at the guard , then push he cart forward to the next cell . guard1 what the hell 's this shit ? ( read the paper ) the " astoria Times Delta " ? how cute ... why do you care what go on in astoria -- be not like you be ever gonna ' go back , Jake . jake stand up , press he face against the bar . jake I like to read the obituary ... hope I might find someone I know . guard1 oh , yeah ... be not that the section where I find you mother 's picture ? geez , you would think she could at least crack a smile . Jake 's eye widen , furious . he swing he arm out between the bar , try to grab the guard . jake you son-of - a-bitch ! I will get you damn picture in the paper ... she die in prison . I do not even get a chance to see she ! the guard back away quickly , laugh as he smack at Jake 's hand with the roll up newspaper . he toss the paper to the floor near the cell . guard1 kill a federal agent , and you deserve to die in the chair . not a prison cell . she get lucky . tell you brother I send my regards . I hear he 's be rake over so many time now that he 's gotta ' wear diaper . the guard head off with a smirk . slowly , Jake reach down and pick up the paper without lift he eye off the guard . he mumble to himself as he lie down on he bunk to read the paper . CUT to : 7 ext . data' house - day 7 a mailman open the mailbox locate outside data be house , and insert a few piece of mail . along the side of the mailbox be the word , " rick wang " . as soon as the door be close , a light activate on the front of the box . the mailman shake he head and walk off . the mailbox start to tilt at a odd upward angle until all of the mail slide back into the clear chute that serve as the post the box sit on . it disappear underground . 8 int . data' house - day 8 Inside , the mail shoot out of a tube onto a strange sorting machine . it take each piece of mail individually , open the side with a sharp letter opener . a tweezer - like arm separate the side of the envelope and remove the letter from inside . one particular letter look as if it be write on old parchment paper . the armature move this letter over to the adjoin computer and slide it into a flatbe scanner . the monitor next to it begin display the full screen image as it be scan into the system : " ye be invite to the wedding of Michael " mikey " walsh and tami Lynn springmeyer " it be a fancy wedding invitation make up to look like a treasure map . there be a big red " X " over astoria , Oregon . the modem start dial out . 9 int . kattel toy , data' office - day 9 data , now in he late 20' , be seat at he computer . he be the lead toy designer for kattel toy . various poster and item he 's create decorate he wild office . a poster for " slick shoe " hang behind he . a voice come across he computer speaker . voice you have get mail . data lean forward and click on a icon . the wedding invitation appear on he screen -- instantly scan and mail from home . as he read , a smile form . data all right ! he 's gettin ' marry ! 10 int . devereaux home - day 10 stef sit at she sculpting wheel , hand cover in wet clay . in one hand , she have the wedding invitation . her eye be wide with excitement as she hurriedly push the button on the phone to dial out . it ring . mouth answer on the other end . mouth ( o.s. ) Clarke devereaux here . stef mikey 's get marry ! in astoria ! mouth ( o.s. ) whoa , whoa ... mikey walsh ? shit , you sure , Babe ? stef of course I be sure , dork . why would I say that if I be not sure ? I have the invitation right here ! 11 intercut - front of CITY hall , beaverton , or - day 11 mouth I love when you call I name , stef. 13 . he be on he cellular phone , and surround by election sign cover with he name and picture . he be run for public office . a lady walk up and shake he hand while he be on the phone . mouth ( cont 'd ) when 's the wedding ? stef ( o.s. ) you have to wait until you get home to find out . soon I hope ? mouth you wanna ' get all " demi Moore " with the clay again ? ( chuckle ) I should be home in a bit , stef ( pause ) yeah , I love you too . he hang up the phone and smile at a few of the people pass by . he hand out a few election button . mouth ( cont 'd ) wow ... mikey . married . 12 int . chunkss uc berkeley dorm - day 12 a student wear a Berkeley T-shirt walk down the dorm hallway wave a letter above he head . he yell down the hallway . student lawrence ! you get a letter here ... look kind of strange . lawrence ! chunk poke he head out of he room . he be no longer overweight , and actually look quite serious now . chunk yeah ? what be it ? student weird , man . look like a invitation or something . he toss the old - parchment envelope at chunk . student ( cont 'd ) what the hell do " chunk " mean ? chunk stare down at the envelope . " lawrence ' chunk ' Cohen " be write in decorative calligraphy on the front . daze , he back quickly into he dorm room and shut the door . he rip open the envelope and pull out the invitation . as he read it , he face light up . he start to scream in excitement . the student in the hallway hear this , then walk away shaking he head . student ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) what a freak . 13 int . lumber mill , astoria , oregon , day 13 extremely dirty from work , brand be stand read though the invitation . people be work all around he . saw , forklift , etc . by the look on he face , this be he first time read the letter . he look ecstatic . brand hey , everyone ! my brother get marry ! through all the noise , a few guy look over confuse . not sure what he say . worker # 1 " you lover 's get carry ? " what the hell do that mean , brand ? brand no ... my ... he wave for a few of the machine to stop . brand ( cont 'd ) my brother be get married ! there be a awkward pause . worker #2 and you be happy ? worker #1 poor bastard . the machine start back up , and everyone go back to work . one worker walk past brand and pat he back . worker #3 sorry , Bud . better he than you . brand be oblivious to they , and walk off smile . 14 int . preschool classroom - day 14 andy be on the phone at the back of the classroom . Children be play loudly throughout the room . a few be finger painting near the front . andy be you sure ? stef ( o.s. ) what be it with you people ? chunk be the one who make up storey ... not I . of course I be sure . I have the invitation right here . andy wow . it almost feel surreal . what 's she name ? stef ( o.s. ) tami . cute . I do not even know he be dating anyone . andy do you ... do you think brand will be there ? stef ( o.s. ) duh . it 's he brother . of course he will be there . why ? uh- oh ... a coal still burn in the fire ? I think you be live with that prissy model guy , Jason . andy well ... it 's a long story . he be just the short version of it . everyone seem so ... bore . one of the kid purposely step on a plastic squirt bottle of blue paint . it spray all over one of the other kid , and the chalkboard behind . scream . andy ( cont 'd ) oh , crap . gotta ' go , stef . stef ( o.s. ) call I ... andy I will ! she hang up , and head over to the newly create mess . CUT to : 15 int . oregon state prison -- night 15 foot click down the darken hallway . two prison guard stop in front of jake be cell . the door slide open . Jake be asleep in he rack . guard1 step inside , quietly . the other one stand outside of the cell . guard1 pssst . hey , dirtbag . Jake quickly wake up , scared . jake yeah , yeah ? who ... the hell ? ( realize who it be ) I do not do nothin ' ! I -- guard1 get up , you be come with we . now . jake look around quickly . something be not right . he look worried . jake look , man. I be ok with you sayin ' crap about my Mom . say whatever you want -- guard1 shut the Hell up , Jake . you have 30 second , or I be go to walk out of here without you . Jake look up confuse . jake so ... all I have to do be lay here and you will leave ? guard1 you do not want I to leave without you . trust I . Jake slowly start to get out of bed . he reach over for he pants and start to put they on while still eyeing the guard suspiciously . the three of they start to head back down the corridor of cell . jake what 's this about ? guard1 the warden want to see you . jake in the middle of the night ? gimme ' a break . you guy plane on shoot I ? say that I be try to escape -- guard2 jeezus . be you for real ? jake I have see the movie . you guy always pull that kind of shit . guard1 oh , and by that theory ... all prisoner be actually innocent , right ? both guard give a slight chuckle . Jake look around nervously as they pass through a few open door . they enter a large darken room . someone be seat at the desk hide by shadow . guard1 ( cont 'd ) need one of we to stay with you ? from the shadow . warden that will not be need . go about you business and have a good night . guard1 you need we to check back in ? to take this scumbag back to he ... warden no . the guard look confuse . he shrug he shoulder , then the two guard exit the room . the door close behind they . there be a awkward silence . jake uh , warden . I be not be causin ' no problem , Sir . warden Mr. fratelli . jake ... and I be actually kinda tired too . ( fake a yawn ) gotta ' get ready for my parole board hearing next Thursday . warden Jake . there be not go to be a parole hearing . Jake look stunne . the door suddenly swing open behind he , make he jump . there be a ruckus as three man enter . francis I ... I do not do anything ! come on , guy . jus ' let I go back to my cell . please ? please ? two officer roughly shove francis into the room . he fall to he knee . the warden quickly stand . warden enough ! the two guard back out of the room . francis warden ... I ... jake Francis ? Francis ! francis wha ? Jake ? that you ? he quickly stand up . they momentarily stare at each other before hugging . jake it 's good to see you , Bud . all of the sudden , Jake shove he away a bit . jake ( cont 'd ) why the hell be you lettin ' they push you around , Francis ? huh ? what would ma think ? the warden clear he voice , and they both slowly turn to he . warden save the reunion festivity for later , will not you ? we be here to work out some detail . francis huh ? for what ? what be this , Jake ? jake I dunno . warden ... what do you mean ? I be not havin ' a hearing ? warden do you really think they be ever go to let you out , Jake ? seriously ? jake sure . I have ... warden no . they will not . roaches like yourselves be destine to scurry in the hall of prison you entire life . sure . you may see the light of day , but you always come home to nest . jake oh . warden however , there be other way out of this uh , " roach Motel " . can I interest you in a open door ? francis wait . we be here for over fifteen year without ever talkin ' with you ... side ' we introduction the first day . now ... jake ... you be we best friend ? like I ask before , you guy set we up ? the warden smirk a bit , then stand up . he casually walk over to Jake and Francis . francis oh , I be not you friend . never confuse that with what we be talk about here . I would just as soon shoot you as feed you . you two be nothing besides green to line my pocket with . if it be not for money , we would not be here talk . jake we do not have any money , warden . suddenly a voice come from a darken corner of the room . Chester copperpot III . chester yes , but gentleman ... I do . they both spin to look at a face they can not see . Chester make no move to help they see . francis who the Hell ? warden you two have only one chance . he pick up two very thick folder from he desk . warden ( cont 'd ) know how stupid you two be , I know one be not enough . but one it be . you friend here -- um , our friend here -- have make I happy . happy enough to chance several thing on you . you blow this , and I report you as escape . I guarantee that I can put together a manhunt big enough to scrape you from whatever shoe you try to hide under . you do what he ask -- and then quietly disappear when you be do ... and this file be file away permanently . with my signature . nobody will ask question that I can not answer . the fratelli 's look stunne . jake this be not no trick ? chester no . do exactly as I ask , and you two will be free man within a week . warden that be a scary think . jake what 's the catch ? chester no catch really . you just have to promise I that I will have you undivide attention and commitment for the next week . no question ask . francis no problem ! you get it ... what be we do ? housework ? Cleaning you car ? driving you around ... chester you may actually enjoy this . one last job ... finish up something that you have already start . jake all it 's gonna ' to cost we be one week ? chester gentlemen , it may end up cost you you life . warden we can only hope ! go to next section : the Island of Antigua CUT to :