gosford park a screenplay Julian fellow base upon a idea by Robert altman and Bob balaban shoot script : 02/20/01 last revision : 05/22/01 davip warfeld 660 pier avenue Santa monica , CA 90405 pre- title sequence ext . the countess of trentham 's house . day . november . 1932 . it be a grey day . Mary maceachran , a young Scottish lady 's may , watch a livery chauffeur try to start a green 1920 Daimler in front of a London house . the chauffeur , merriman , climb out with a crank handle which he fit and turn . merriman just start , you filthy heap of scrap . mary she will hear you one of this day . merriman I do not care if she do . mary do not you just ? the motor catch and he stand . while the passenger seat be enclose , the front , drive seat be open to the weather . Mary place a basket with a thermos glass and a seal , tin sandwich container on the rear seat . as she do so , it begin to rain . butler ( vo ) Mary ? merriman ? be you ready ? with a final check , she look up to where a butler in a black morning coat wait . mary yes , Mr burkett . we can hardly hear he '' everything 's ready , milady , '' nor can we see the face behind the veil of the figure who hurry down the step . this be constance , countess of trentham . muffled in fur against the cold , she hurry into the wait vehicle . the title run over the follow sequence . ext . country road . day . merriman drive . Mary sit silently next to he , huddle into she coat . unlike the passenger , the servant , in the roofless front seat , be expose to the rain . int . constance 's car . country road . day . glove hand try lazily to open the thermos , give up immediately and reach for the polished brass speak tube . the veile indistinct mouth give some instruction . ext . country road . day . they pull over and the drip may get out as a large lagonda stop . it be bright with shine chrome . it look like tomorrow next to the Daimler 's yesterday . a man in the front passenger seat look out helpfully . he speak in a Californian accent . weissman do you need any help ? be you o.k .? the door be open now and , behind the may , the indistinct passenger speak . constance be I what ? mary we nre quite all right . thank you . ivor Excuse I but .. be that .. Lady trentham ? constance do not answer . ivor ( cont 'd ) you do not remember I .. I be William mccordle 's cousin . ivor novello . at this Mary gasp in recognition but constance merely nod . constance of course . ivor May I present a friend of mine from California , Morris weissman ? and — have indicate the american on the passenger side in front , he have turn to a very handsome young man sit behind but , on second thought , he break off . ivor ( cont 'd ) I be wonder if we be all head in the same direction ... constance I dare say we might be . ivor well .. if you be sure you do not need any help .. ( continued ) continued : Mary have open the fold table for the refreshment . the other car drive away . mary be that really ivor novello ? constance could we get on before I freeze to death ? the may shut the car door , climb in and the journey continue . the credit end . ext , gosford park . day . the great house stand confidently in its park , proclaim its social pre-eminence . as the car continue down the drive , it catch the attention of a beautiful woman who be canter on she horse , topaz . she wear jodphur and a loosely tie neck scarf over she hack jacket . this be Lady sylvia mccordle , daughter of a earl and doyenne of gosford . she dig in she heel and head for the house . as she arrive at the front step , the novello car be move away to the side and novello himself , with he companion , be be shepherd inside by the butler , jenning . a footman ( Arthur ) hold a umbrella . with they be the owner of all he survey , Sir William mccordle , bart , a rich parvenu and proud of it . in he arm he hold a wiry unattractive terrier the arrival of constance make he turn back . william constance , welcome . the visitor nod as sylvia jump down from she horse , toss the rein back over its head . she give she aunt a kiss . constance if he have to call I by my christian name , why can not he make it '' aunt constance '' ? I be not the upstairs may . sylvia you know what he 's like . constance I see he 's still get that vile dog . sylvia it 's so typical . the one you hate live forever . have you have a horrid journey ? {continued} continued : constance fairly horrid . sylvia you must be freeze . come and have some tea , Mary eye the stand horse warily . with a snort , it shake its head and , rather gingerly , she stretch out she hand to take the rein under the animal 's chin . at once it start to fidget and plunge . sylvia look across . sylvia ( cont 'd ) leave he alone . he know what to do . the embarrassed may drop the rein as a groom appear and lead the docile horse away . Mary , of course , do not know what to do . sylvia and she aunt start up the step but we do not follow as they move off camera . jenning step forward . jenning take the car round the back to unload it . the car start up and head towards the side of the house . still , Mary wait . jenning look over to the may as he also start to reclimb the front step jenning ( cont 'd ) you would better follow he . Mrs Wilson ' 11 look after you . a lone figure , she trudge off through the puddle , clutching the dress case , as the car carry the stockbridge party sweep up to the front . int . kitchen corridor . day . Chaos reign . servant duck past the pile up trunk and case . valet and maid ( barne and Sarah , join later by Renee and Robert ) struggle to check that none of they luggage have go to the wrong room . surveying it all , clipboard in hand , be Mrs Wilson , the house - keeper , a opaque woman in she middle year . barne , who be carry a large flat , crest case approach . she do not look up . ( continued ) continued : mrs wilson just leave everything in one pile , make sure it 's properly label and it will be take up . barne this be the gun . where 's the gun room ? his voice could scarcely be more disdainful . she nod at a side corridor . mrs wilson at the end on the leave . you 'il find the keeper , Mr strutt , in there . he will show you what to do . barne I know what to do . he go as Mary arrive timidly , shelter behind a laden merriman . mrs wilson yes ? mary hello . merriman the countess of trentham . merriman have carry in the three smart case . he know the rope . Mrs Wilson nod and check she list , hand a label to the man . mrs wilson leave they over there by the luggage lift and tie this to the top one . you will find the chauffeur , Mr raike , in the courtyard . he ’1ll tell you where to put the car . you 'il sleep in the stable block with the groom . he set about the task , leave Mary feel more alone than ever . mrs wilson ( cont 'd ) her ladyship be in the Blue damask room . you will be share with the head parlourmaid . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) mrs wilson ( cont 'd ) she will show you where everything be . elsie , this be miss trentham . a young , uniform may , elsie , turn at the sound of she name and come near mary Excuse I , m be , but .. my name 's maceachran .. elsie not here it 's not . Mrs Wilson have move away as elsie take Mary 's case . mary what about the jewel ? she indicate the dress case still in she hand . elsie this way . George be in charge of the safe . he 's the first footman . and you want to watch where he put he hand ... they turn another corner in the maze of service corridor that xun beneath the house . at the door of the butler 's Silver pantry , stand a supercilious figure in livery . next to he , just inside the room , be a large wall safe . the iron door be open revealing a feel - line closet , fill with laden shelf . George , the first footman , be receive a case from another may ( Renee ) . Mary take a key on a chain around she neck under she dress and open the case , remove the jewel box which she be about to hand over elsie ( cont 'd ) have you get the one for tonight ? mary oh ... Mary unlock the box . Inside be gleam trays , each one with a complete parure of gem . she take out a set of sapphire and put they in the pocket of she coat . elsie always take a separate box with the first night 's jewel . save bother . Mary nod , re~locking the box and hand it over to George who give she a wink as he take it . as they walk away , re-crossing the back hall , they almost collide with a tall stranger carry a suitcase . Mrs Wilson arrive . ( continued } continued : ( 3 ) mrs wilson elsie , this be Lord stockbridge 's valet . show he the footmen 's staircase , will you ? and he 'il need the irone room . she start to leave . the new arrival turn to the two maid ROBERT the name 's Robert , Robert Parks . this seem to halt the retreate Mrs Wilson . Robert look at she enquiringly . mrs wilson I mean to say you will be share with Mr weissman 's man . you could have go up together but I do not know where he 's get to . other business claim she . elsie sigh . they might as well get on with it . elsie have he lordship 's luggage go up ? ROBERT supposedly . he 's in the tapestry room wherever that be .. oh well , here , we go again . but Mary can not return he casual pleasantry . instead she half whisper . mary that 's just it . I have never do a house - party before . not properly . ROBERT you will be all right . elsie , above they on the back stair , have overhear . elsie how do you manage to be take on as a countess 's lady 's may if you do not ' ave no experience ? mary she want to train I . she say she do not care about experience . {continued } continued : ( 4 ) elsie she do not want to pay for it , you mean . int . kitchen . day . a handsome face display the brilliant smile of Henry Denton , Morris weissman 's valet . at the long table , the cook , Mrs Croft , be work on a tray of quail . the senior kitchen may , bertha , slice carrot and the junior , ellen , slowly turn a ice-cream churn . they ogle the visitor who speak in a Scottish accent . mrs croft get on with you work . yes ? henry I just — but before he can say more , Mrs Wilson spy he from the corridor and enter . mrs wilson ah , Mr weissman , there you be . mrs croft I be deal with this . what be it , Mr weissman ? the dislike between the two woman be almost tangible . henry well , to start with my name be Denton . Henry Denton . mrs wilson you be here as valet to Mr weissman . that mean you will be know , below stair , as Mr weissman for the duration of you stay . you will find we keep to the old custom , it avoid confusion . he would answer back but decide against it . henry it 's about Mr weissman 's diet ~ mrs wilson and mrs croft yes ? ( continued } continued : henry he 's a vegetarian . mrs croft a what ? henry a vegetarian . he do not eat meat . he eat fish but not meat . mrs croft well , I never . henry I be sorry if it 's inconvenient . mrs croft well , it 's not very convenient , I must say . do not eat meat ? he 's come for a shoot party and he do not eat meat ? henry Mr weissman do not intend to shoot . I think he just want to walk out with they . get a bit of air . mrs croft get a bit of air ? mrs wilson thank you . we ’1ll make the necessary adjustment . now , if you would like to get one of the servant to take you upstairs ... Mr weissman be in the mulgrave room and you 's 1ll be share with Lord stockbridge 's valet . Henry nod he thanks and walk out of the room watch by Mrs Croft . mrs croft he 's very full of himself , I must say . do not eat meat ! mrs wilson come along , Mrs Croft . we do not want to be think unsophisticate , do we ? Mr weissman be a american . they do thing differently there . she go , leave Mrs Croft seethe . ( continued ) 10 continued : ( 2 ) mrs croft I will give she ' unsophisticate 's ! her assistant giggle but they response do not please the cook . mrs croft ( cont 'd ) what be you gaw at ? that be no good . I say ' julienne . 's and ellen that be ice-cream you be churn not concrete . calm down . int . elsie 's attic room . day . this be a simple , plainly furnish room with two bed . Mary hang up she coat then open the valise on the bed . she unbutton she wet travel dress and take a black frock from the case then a cap and a frilly , black apron . elsie watch she . elsie I think lady 's maid never wear apron . mary @ her ladyship use to have a french may who wear a black one like this . she think it 's get a bit of style . elsie I bet she do . and I will bet she take it out of you wage , too . mary she like to have everything just so . elsie roll she eye . elsie do not they all ? behind elsie 's bed be various picture of movie star , postcard or cut from magazine . Mary go over to the collection to admire it . she point . mary that 's he ! this be surprising as the picture be principally of garbo with a man behind she , ( continued ) continued : ll elsie who would you mean ? mary ivor novello . he pass we on the road today , on he way here , and he speak to I . well ... he speak to she ladyship but I answer . elsie I only cut it out for garbo . I prefer the american star . I think they have get more oomph . mary go on . be he really Sir William 's cousin ? imagine have a film star in the family . Lady sylvia must be thrilled . elsie I do not think . mary why would not she be ? elsie because she 's a snobbish cow . because she look down on anyone who get to the top with brain and hard work . dust like she look down on she husband . except when it 's time to foot the bill . then she 's get she hand out all right . mary what be she family , then ? elste what you have expect . toffee - nose and useless . her father be the Earl of carton which sound good except he do not have a pot to piss in . mary what 's she like to work for ? elsie horrible but he .. he 's o.k. , come on . we have better get crack . 10 12 int . kitchen corridor . day . probert , Sir William 's valet , be carry a boil - front dress shirt past Mrs Wilson . probert can not think why I be so behind today . the go have not go , have it ? mrs wilson oh no , you have plenty of time yet . probert ' cos you know what a fuss he 's in when he 's play mine host ... I think I '11 go and get he a paper if there 's time ... this last be to himself as he hurry on . Mrs Wilson notice something in the corridor that displease she . mrs wilson George ? what be you up to ? have not Mr jenning give you anything to do ? GEORGE I '' just go to help he with the tea . then I be to finish the table with Arthur . mrs wilson well get on with it then . with a movement suspiciously like the discard of a cigarette , he nod , start up the service stair that lead to the main house . int . upstair hall and corridor . day . emerging from the green baize door , George cross a magnificent staircase hall . as he go , he hear a whisper , angry exchange although he cannot detect the source . man ( vo ) what do you mean '' no '' ? you promise ! young woman ( vo ) I never promise ! I say I have do my best ... anyway , I be go to ask he tonight . ( continued } 10 il 13 continued : man ( vo ) you would bloody well better ! what — this be provoke by George step from the rug to the polished floor . the speaker , the hon. freddie Nesbitt , emerge . his anxiety dissolves at the sight of a footman . freddie it 's all right . it 's nobody . he be join by a young woman , isobel mccordile . isobel you should not sneak up on people like that . GEORGE sorry , miss isobel . the camera stay with the servant as the other walk away , they voice fade . freddie ( vo ) do you really think you 'il have a chance to talk to he tonight ? isobel ( vo ) oh , do stop go on about it . freddie ( vo ) that 's all very fine but why the hell do you think I have come here ? George turn the handle of the saloon door , without knock , and go silentiy in . int . SALOON / library . day . sitting at a table , surround by the evidence of a large tea , be constance trentham , Morris weissman , and mabel Nesbitt . ivor be hold court , enthrall mabel with Hollywood gossip , the other sprawl around the room , balance plate and cup with magazine and cigarettes as they drawl and chatter , jenning preside over the teapot . George , follow by isobel , freddie and the stockbridge , enter and take he position by the door as Lt. Commander Anthony and Lady lavinia meredith approach the tea table , he be ex - navy , she be sylvia 's sister , they tone be urgent and could not be overhear - except possibly by the butler . ANTHONY what do you mean '' leave it ? '' ( continued ) 11 continued : 14 lavinta I just mean let it come up naturally . do not steer the conversation . it make you sound so desperate . ANTHONY well , I be fuck desperate . they cross the room to sit down , pass the tea-table . constance . mabel what 's greta garbo really like ? do you get to know she ? ivor I do . as a matter of fact , she 's come to stay with I next month . mabel gasp . her shop -girl awe reassure ivor but it irritate constance tell I , how much longer do you think you will go on make film ? ivor that depend how much longer the public want to see I in they . constance I expect it 's hard to know when it 's time to throw in the towel ... what a pity about that last one of yours . what be it ? * the dodger " ? ivor " the lodger '' constance it must be so disappoint ... when something just flop like that . after all the hard work . ivor yes , I suppose it be rather disappoint . sylvia arrive at the table . weissman you have some beautiful antique , Lady sylvia . Real museum quality . ( more ) { continued } il 15 continued : ( 2 ) weissman ( cont 'd ) I be interested : how much would a picture like that set you back ? sylvia I hope you have all get everything you need , she share the moment with constance before walk back towards the open library door where mccordle be sit at a work table cover with gun tool and a pistol feed he terrier , pip . keeping he company be louisa stockbridge . louisa who 's the funny little american ? william Morris weissman ? a friend of ivor 's . he make film in Hollywood . ivor ask if he could bring he and I do not see why not . I think he might be interested in shoot but ... louitsa never mind . he add to the glamour of the gather . I do not expect anything half as exotic . during this , William go to pour two whisky . he splashes a little soda into they . nearby a door set into the book open and probert appear . he be surprised to find the room occupy . probert I beg you pardon , Sir . I just think I would take the Times up with I . in case you want to read it when you dress . william good think , probert . as the valet look for the paper , William hand the drink to louisa but she shake she head . louisa not for I . Far too early . and you know I never drink whisky . william nonsense . come on . drink up . it 's good for you . ( continued ) 16 il continued : ( 3 ) louisa really , Bill . you be such a bad influence . do not blame I if I pass out at dinner . but she take the drink and sip it as the valet take the paper and leave . william I do not know how impressed you husband be with we showbiz folk . he look as if he 's be force to share a railway sleeper with a garage mechanic . louisa Tim afraid he only feel safe with he own kind . william poor old Raymond . louisa tf you think he 's dull you should have meet he father . he make Raymond look like buster keaton . 12 int . kitchen corridor . eve . Mary carry three evening frock while elsie carry one . she hold it up . elsie Mrs Nesbitt . she 's only get this one with she . say she husband rush she when she be pack . mary do you always look after visitor if they do not have a may ? elsie sometimes dorothy help . though why Mrs Wilson make the still room maid do it beat I ... I think it 's just to annoy Mrs Croft . mary which one do dorothy answer to ? ( continued ) 12 13 a7 continued : elsie both . and she 's work off she foot . but then I do miss isobel as well ... here we be . she open a door and go in . int . ironing and sewing room . eve . in the centre be several irone board . barne , Robert , Sarah and Renee be in there work . Robert brushes glaze on a evening waistcoat as he iron it . elsie you find it , then ? she smile at Robert . then point to a cupboard . elsie ( cont 'd ) this one 's yours . mary thanks . ROBERT what 's you name ? mary E think here I be call trentham .. ROBERT no . I mean you real name ? mary Mary . Mary maceachran . ROBERT blimey . what do she ladyship call you ? mary well , it should be maceachran . that 's what my mother say . now I 'ma lady 's may . but she can not pronounce it so she call I Mary . ROBERT I do not blame she . elsie iron with contempt . ( continued ) 13 continued : 18 elste Machine - make lace . barne hark at she elsie I hate cheap clothes . twice the work and they never look any good . renee what do you expect from a woman without she own may ? sarah Lady lavinia always say a woman who travel with no may have lose she self - respect . she call it '' give in . 's elsie I do not have a may and T have not '' give in . '' sarah that 's different . elsie why ? barne yes , why be it different , Sarah ? sarah miss morse to you . int . kitchen corridor . eve . Henry be carry some clothes and a pair of stout shoe . as he go , he open every door and look inside .. he marvel at the complexity of the still room , then at the larder and so on . he jump at the sound of a voice . it be Arthur , the second footman . arthur can I help you ? henry I er.. I be look for the brush room . I think I would give Mr weissman 's tweed a go - over for tomorrow . ( continued ) 14 15 15a 19 continued : arthur I will show you .. here y’are . he open a door and Henry go in . int . brush room . eve . there be a cover table with every type of brush on it . Lewis , sylvia 's may , the shoe and lay out the tweed . be work on the hack jacket . Henry put down arthur the boot room 's next door ... do you really live in Hollywood ? henry I do . arthur but how do you get there ? I mean , where do you start from ? henry where do you think ? Scotland . this answer be not quite satisfy to Arthur . he look at Lewis . then he press on . arthur be you always in service ? or do you ever think of try to get into film ? I want to be a actor once ... when I be little ... henry be that a bell ? lewis it 's not the dress go , be it ? arthur can not be time for they to change yet , surely . he go off to investigate as Henry try different brushes to suit the tweed . int . red SALOON . eve . tea be nearly finish . jenning hand a empty tray to George . ( continued ) isa 20 continued : jenning its nearly time for the go . if they do not want any more , take they cup and plate . if they do , do not give they much . George walk towards the sofa on the leave of the fire-place . raymond sylvia , I mean it . there must not be any nonsense . sylvia I do not know what you be talk about . sylvia , without she hack jacket but still in jodphur , speak to she other brother - in- law , Raymond stockbridge . with George on camera , we hear they before we see they . Raymond sit read a magazine but it be clear that something have set he on edge . sylvia ( cont 'd ) have you do a lot of shoot this year ? raymond quite a lot GEORGE be you finish , you ladyship ? or would you like some more tea ? sylvia all finish , thank you , George . so be Lord stockbridge . he start to clear as she look across at the silent peer . sylvia ( cont 'd ) do louisa always go out with you ? raymond usually . sylvia how good she be ... it bore I stiff , I be afraid . and William 's such a rotten shot , he do not really like anyone stand with he . I try and duck out of it . particularly if it 's Scotland . ( continued ) 1i5a 21 continued : ( 2 ) raymond I be very fond of Scotland .. he speak without look up as George take he tray and we over to the table . constance but what a waste ! if you nre not shoot either , then they will only be six ! William ? be not that a shame ... she address William who stand in the library doorway with louisa . Anthony make a move to speak to he but William 's word deter he . william it do not matter ... I be go up to change . constance well , I be surprised . normally anything to do with shoot or that wretch gun be sacrosanct . what be you secret , I wonder ? ivor drift over to sylvia . ivor Zam sorry about that . I should have make it clear . stupid of I . sylvia nonsense . it 's William 's fault . he just have this idea that all Americans sleep with gun under they pillow . ivor so they do . but they be more for each other than for kill bird . she laugh as Raymond look up from he read . raymond remind I , how be you related to William exactly ? ivor qur mother be first cousin . ( continued } 15 a 22 continued : ( 3 ) raymond really ? I do not know that I ever meet William 's mother . do not she do something rather original ? George cross back to the now clear tea-table . ivor she be a teacher . so be mine . raymond oh ? well , of course that 's marvellous , be not it ? back at the table , constance be ingratiate herself with she neighbour . constance sylvia 's so clever . she always find such wonderful servant . I do not know how she manage . I be break in a new may and I be simply wear out with it . there 's nothing more exhaust , be there ? mabel I do not have a lady 's may . she give the information flatly but constance remain light . sylvia have give up on Raymond and come to look for a cigarette in a box on the tea-table . constance I be just tell dear mabel here about my new may . honestly , for all the help I have to give she , she should be pay I ... sylvia she do look rather young . constance drop she voice so that only sylvia ( and George ) can hear . constance well of course what she be , my dear , be wonderfully cheap . she laugh softly with she niece . during all this , George have remove the cloth , and fold the tea-table . 23 16 int . ironing and sewing room . day . sarah I s'pose Old mother trentham ' 1ll have she begging bowl out while she 's here . renee she will not be bother you employer . that 's for sure . mary what do ' you mean ? why not ? elsib ' cos Lady lavinia meredith have not a penny to bless herself with barne and who 's fault be that ? sarah there 's nothing wrong with the Commander . he 's just be a bit unfortunate . barne T will say . I think he 's pathetic . sarah then why do not you hand in you notice ? renee well , the other two sister fall on they foot . ' course , it help that they be good-look . mary Lady sylvia 's lovely . elsie doe you think so ? sarah she might have do a bit better for herself , really . elsie I beg you pardon . Lord carton be determine to get six William for either of the two eldest . I be tell he could have have he pick . ( continued ) 16 17 continued : she be in she go . 24 mary why be Lord carton so keen ? barne why d' you think ? who d' you suppose pay for he to swan around biarritz for six month a year . come to that , who keep ma trentham in stocking and gin ? Old money bag , that 's who . elsie I think it 's disgusting . the way they use he . especially when they all look down on he ' cos he 's make it himself . none of they have get the brain to make the price of a packet of tea . mrs wilson have you finish , elsie ? the doorway . elsie nearly , Mrs Wilson . I have just get this cuff to do . mrs wilson when you be ready make you way to the servant ' Hall . we dine after the guest be dress and before we serve dinner . barne follow , say , barne here we go . yes sir , no sir , three bag full , sir . mary what 's Lord stockbridge like ? ROBERT he think he 's God almighty but they all do . int . dine -room . eve . a beautiful and complicated table - set fill the screen with six glass of different shape and size , and silver cutlery range sideways out from a place mat support a fold napkin . ( continued ) a7 25 continued : on the right , among the spoon and knife be a single fork while all the other fork be on the leave . a hand enter the frame and take it up . henry ( vo ) why do this fork go on the right ? Henry be examine it . Arthur , wear green baize glove for move silver , take it back , spit on it , rub it lightly and replace it . arthur because they eat they fish with two of they . one in each hand . henry why 's that then ? arthur search I . George enter . he carry a tray hold some full , xed wine decanter . GEORGE what be you do here ? henry just look around . George unload the tray onto the sideboard then take a ruler out of a drawer and start to measure the exact distance between the place setting . GEORGE Mr jenning all be up in a minute . if I be you , I no go and ' look around 's somewhere else . henry whatever you say . with a smile , he leave . Arthur wait until the door shut . arthur there 's something funny about that bloke .. GEORGE his accent for a start . where do you - ( continued ) 26 a7 continued : ( 2 ) jenning be you finish ? what about Lord rupert standish and Mr blond ? he stand in the other door . frown , he move a entire place set slightly to the leave . GEORGE her ladyship say not to lay for they . the stuff 's ready if they get here in time . we can stick two more place on in a jiffy . jenning when they arrive , you will be dress Mr blond , Arthur . George , you x11 have Lord rupert . tf they be very late , they can change by themselves . you can tidy up when they be downstairs . be Mr Nesbitt settle ? GEORGE I all go up and finish he off now . arthur @ and Mr novello ? jenning Mr weissman 's man will attend to he . right . as soon as you be do , join I in the draw - room for the drink . he go . George fold up the ruler and put it away . GEORGE what 's the matter with you ? arthur nothing .. only I think I would be do Mr novello , that 's all . GEORGE and now you will not see he in he under - drawer ? never mind . better luck next time . Arthur attempt to conceal he furious blush . 18 int . novello bedroom . eve . Henry be tidy thing while ivor stand in white tie and tail e@ before a pier glass . ( continued ) 18 ce 19 27 continued : tvor so , how 's it go ? be you enjoy yourself ? henry very much . be you , sir ? int . trentham bedroom . eve . constance , wear the blue dress we see Mary irone and the sapphire , be sit in front of she look glass . Mary arrange a small tiara in she mistress 's hair . constance Rather a mix bag . that Mr weissman 's very odd . apparently he 's in film . he direct something call '' the Charlie Chan Mystery . '' or do he produce they ? I never know the difference . mary really ? I enjoy that , milady . constance light a cigarette . she be not interested in Mary 's movie-go . constance I suppose it 's fun to have a film star stay but there 's always so little to talk about after the first flush of recognition . and why have freddie Nesbitt bring that awful , common wife of he ? isobel only ask he because a gun drop out and that 's no excuse to inflict she on we all . and I be tell he 's be sack from he bank now , thank heaven he 's a young son ... so , what 's the gossip in the servant 's hall ? mary nothing , really , milady . but constance know better than that as she puff away . constance nonsense . out with it . mary well ... be it true that Sir William could have marry Lady stockbridge ? if he would want to ? ( continued ) ig continued : 28 constance be that what they be say ? mary only that Lord carton be after Sir William for one of they and he do not care which ... constance what would you say if I tell you they cut card for he ? mary what ? they do not , do they ? for a moment constance relish the shock on she may 's face . constance o£ course not . now , tomorrow morning I will breakfast in bed and get straight up into the tweed . what shirt have you bring ? mary the pink with the green check . constance oh no , dear . quite wrong . always something very plain for country sport . the one it have on today will do . mary but it 's soile . constance well ? you can wash it , can not you . God , I hate shoot . why do one have to do this thing ? mary could not you stay indoors ? Lady sylvia would not mind . constance maybe not but he would . he 's terribly touchy . worse since they make he a baronet . now he think he 's the last plantagenet and take offence accordingly . ( continued ) 19 20 29 continued : ( 2 ) she turn a search eye on she image in the glass , smear rouge into she cheek . int . mccordle dressing room . eve . probert be put the finish touch to six William 's evening dress . the new baronet look at the reflection of himself . his dog also check out the final effect . william and you really do not think a handkerchief ? probert no , sir mecordle reluctantly accept he valet 's judgement . probert ( and the camera ) cross the door at the moment it open and sylvia appear , she hard beauty accentuate by the superb cut of she clothes . when she speak , it be difficult to mask she indifference . sylvia I be go down . Lewis say you want I . william ( vo ) who 's next to I at dinner ? sylvia you know who . aunt constance and lavinia . william why do I have to have the old trout the whole bloody time ? why can not I have louisa ? sylvia do you really want I to explain the table of precedence now ? or can it wait ? her voice be drip with sarcasm . william ( vo ) who give a shit about precedence ? probert walk over to put something into a tall - boy near sylvia in time for we to see she shrug , speak wearily as she would to a tiresome child . ( continued ) 20 30 continued : sylvia you rage when people look down on you and then you insist on behave like a vulgar ignoramus . her contemptuous word have they effect . this be how she control he . william ( vo ) have constance ask you for any money yet ? the camera have follow probert as he continue to tidy the dress - room . now he take a crest , ivory clothes brush from a tall - boy and return to Sir William . sylvia no . william Raymond say she 's be complain that she allowance be not big enough . I have a good mind to stop it altogether . sylvia I think it be settle for she lifetime , william say who ? his manner be bully and unpleasant but sylvia be uninterested . sylvia will that be all , sir ? probert restrain a smile as he carry the clothes brush back to the dress - table . william ( vo ) I wish Anthony be not here . try and make sure he do not get I on my own , can you ? sylvia ( vo ) why ? william ( vo ) I be pull out of he scheme . {continued ) 31 20 continued : ( 2 ) o~ probert bring the camera back to they and he stand , wait to speak . sylvia oh ? have you tell he ? william no . and I be not go to if I can help it . louisa think I should do it next week . then he can sob in private . spare lavinia 's blushes sylvia Far be it from I to contradict louisa .. poor little Anthony . I think he be look unusually pathetic at tea ... get away from I . she shove pip off she foot as probert bow . probert will there be anything else , sir ? william C no , thank you , probert . 21 int . gallery . eve . as probert emerge , elsie be come down the gallery look harrass . probert bveryth all right , girl ? elsie honestly , I do not know how I will manage . she 's forget she hairpin . she have not pack the right shoe .. I be make brick without straw , Mr probert . really I be . Mary appear , carry the dirty shirt . elsie ( cont 'd ) I do not suppose you have get any hairpin to spare , have you ? mary hang on a minute . ( she rummages in a chatelaine and find a few . muttering thanks , elsie hurry away . ( continued ) al 22 23 32 continued : probert on you way down ? I will take you . mary I think I would just nip up to my room for a minute ...only ... probert yes ? mary which way be my room ? int . gallery . eve . George be emerge from the nesbitts 's bedroom as elsie arrive . elsie be he do ? he nod , raise he eyebrow , and go . she reach for the door handle when there be a movement at the end of the gallery . William and he dog be both look at she . with a secret smile , elsie return he gaze before she open the door . int . nesbitt bedroom . eve . mabel be at the dress table and , for a moment , it seem that freddie have he wife 's wrist in he fist . he swing round and , if he do have hold of she , he release it elsie I have get some pin , madam , from Lady trentham 's may . freddie we should be downstairs already . mabel you go on . T all be as quick as I can . freddie try and make she look respectable . he say this to the may and go without a comment from either woman . they stare at each other through the glass . mabel with she pasty face and lank hair look terrible . mabel well , there 's no harm in try . 24 33 int . drawing ~-room , eve jenning carry a salver with two martini glass to ivor who be play the grand piano . be it ' I can give you the starlight '' ? he and weissman take the drink . weissman thank you , Mr jenning . jenning just jenning , sir weissman then thank you , jenning . jenning I will clear the piano for you , sir . he lift the photograph and album that litter the close lid of the grand as sylvia approach . ivor stand but she make he play . behind she , the other drift in . sylvia jenning , can I have a martini when you have do that ? oh , do not get up . go on . please . what be it ? I do not believe I know it . ivor , nothing .. a idea I have be fiddling with . weissman by the way , jenning . I have a telephone call book . for California . if you could let I know as soon as they get through . jenning very good , sir . sylvia I can not imagine how one could ever invent a tune .. how do you start ? ivor it 's rather hard to say exactly . sylvia well I think it 's too clever for any word . ( continued ) 34 24 continued : she stroll back to join the other . weissman watch she as jenning finally lift the lid of the piano , fill the room with music . he start back to the drink table . weissman how do you manage this people ? ivor you forget . I make my live impersonate they . what do he want ? across the room , Henry have come in . he linger by the door as jenning approach jenning can I help you ? henry you know .. I really enjoy the way you do thing , Mr jenning . jenning I beg you pardon . weissman have leave the piano and cross the room . weissman what be it , Henry ? henry nothing . I just want to be sure you have everything you need . sir. wetssman yes . thank you Henry go , leave jenning completely bewilder . weissman acknowledge he . weissman ( cont 'd ) it 's so good to find a servant this day who take a interest . 25 int . servant 's hall . eve . a table be laid for dinner with a nervous boy ready to serve . all the indoor servant except the kitchen staff be here include two housemaid , May and Janet . merriman nod at Mary . jenning enter with George and Arthur . dorothy everything satisfactory , Mr jenning ? ( continued ) 35 25 continued : jenning yes , thank you , dorothy . they have they drink . we can take we leisure for half a hour , I think . at the head of the table , he look at Renee who stand on he right . his brow darken . jenning ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? dorothy I do tell she , Mr jenning . renee tt believe this be my place , Mr jenning - jenning qh ? since when do a baroness outrank a countess ? or be that some foreign custom you have pick up on you travel ? Renee purse she lip but say nothing . jenning ( cont 'd ) miss trentham ? would you like to come and take the seat of honour ? but Mary do not recognise she ' name 's . he repeat it and Arthur nudge she mary tome all right here , Mr jenning , thank you . dorothy go on . do not keep he wait . jenning stand . Mary , blush , move to he right hand side , displace Renee who move to jenning 's leave but even that do not satisfy he , jenning miss meredith , you may come to my leave if you please . as Renee stalk down the table , Mary turn queryingly to George . he whisper . ( continued ) 25 36 continued : ( 2 ) GEORGE her mistress marry a baron so she lose she rank as a earl 's daughter . Renee always try to catch Mr jenning out but no one can . lewis naturally I be nothing when there 's visitor in the house . never mind . I be use to it . no one pay she any attention as the housekeeper , Mrs Wilson , make she own stately entrance and take she place at the far end between Robert and probert . mrs wilson good evening , Mr jenning . jenning nod , say Grace and they sit . the boy hold a plate for Mrs Wilson and then the butler . unlike upstairs , they pass vegetable dish across the table . jenning right . start when you get it . no time for loitering . henry can I ask a question ? jenning certainly , Mr weissman . how can we help ? henry I just wonder . how many people here have parent in service ? and be that why they choose to go into it ? jenning that 's a interesting point and one I can not answer . all that of you whose parent be in service raise you hand . most hand go up . we hear '' not both of they '' or '' just for a bit , before they marry , '' '' I s'pose they expect I to , '' and so on . only dorothy , barne and Robert be leave . jenning ( cont 'd ) not you , dorothy ? ( continued ) tc 25 continued : 37 ( 3 ) dorothy my dad be a farmer , Mr jenning . a tenant of Lord carton 's . jenning mx meredith ? barne Factory hand . both of they . and if you ask I , they be better off . henry what about you , Mr stockbridge ? Robert look up . something in this attract Mrs Wilson 's attention he shrug . GEORGE what 's the matter ? do not you know ? ROBERT yes I know . I know what both of they do as a matter of fact . but it do not have no effect on I . on my choice . mrs wilson why be that ? ROBERT because I grow up in a orphanage . this wrong foot the company . jenning quickly pull a veil over matter . jenning thank you , Mr weissman . for give we something to think about ... I must compliment bertha on this stew . and Mrs Croft on the choice of the beef , of course . it 's delicious . Mary now have George on she other side . she whisper to he . mary where be Mrs Croft ? GEORGE always eat with she own staff . ( continued ) continued : 38 ( 4 ) mary do she take she pudding to Mrs Wilson 's room ? we cook do that . GEORGE not likely . she would not set foot in there if she life depend on it . they hate each other . jenning something amusing , miss trentham ? can we share it ? Mary be save by the arrival of Lady sylvia mccordle . in she couture clothes and jewel , fairy kingdom . the company jump up . sylvia it be so sorry to disturb you all but a major crisis have arisen . I have just learn that Mr weissman do not eat meat . be it a jewish thing ? I always think that be pork and prawn ... but the point be : what be we to do ? I can not tell Mrs Croft . I simply do not dare . mrs wilson everything 's under control , you ladyship . Mr weissman 's valet inform I as soon as they arrive . we have prepare a special version of the soup , he can eat the hor d'oevr and the fish and we will do welsh rabbit for the game course . I be not sure about the entree but we will think of something . sylvia 's response be not as warm as it might be . sylvia thank you , Mrs Wilson . of course you be ten step ahead . which one of you be Mr weissman 's valet ? henry iam , you ladyship . she be a enchant creature from 4 sylvia turn to deliver some patronise bon mot but she be absolutely arrest by the man 's beauty . for a moment , she simply stare . ( continued } 25 26 39 continued : ( 5 ) sylvia be you , indeed ? heavens ... well ... thank you for be so efficient . please do not let I interrupt you further . she hurry away and they sit , daze . George look across at Henry with a wink . GEORGE you be all set , then . a few junior servant giggle which do not amuse Mr jenning one bit . jenning yes , George ? GEORGE nothing , Mr jenning . they transfer they attention to they plate . ext . kitchen court . night . Mary , carry a cup of tea , be walk across the courtyard towards the garage for the visitor ' car . we can see merriman there work on constance 's car . there be a sound from the shadow . bertha be sit by herself , smoking . mary you give I a turn . I do not see you there . be not you cold ? bertha it feel good to be cold after a day in that kitchen . Mary walk on until merriman come towards she . mary I think you could do with this . merriman that 's kind , love . how be you get on ? before Mary can answer , they be interrupt by the arrival of a open roadster which sweep in , all headlight and bright colour . it pull to a halt and two young man , Lord rupert standish and Jeremy blond , hop out . ( continued } 26 27 28 29 30 40 continued : rupert can we get in this way ? mary would not you do better round the front , six ? jeremy exactly what I say . rupert the thing be we have get bag and gun and everything and neither of we have a man to carry they . I think it make more sense to bring they to the back door . if I give you the key perhaps someone can sort it out . mary of course . as she stand back to allow the man into the house , something make Jeremy turn . bertha be watch they , smoking as she lean against the outside wall omitted omitted int . servery . night . dorothy and Janet tend a serve table , stack plate and set out clean one from the heating cupboard . George pass with a dish of partridge , help himself to a taste as he go into the dining - room . elsie arrive and start to follow he . dorothy you can not go in there when you be not serve . what would Mr jenning say ? elsie keep you hair on . it so happen I have get a message for you precious Mr jenning . int . dine - room , night . the party be at table . because they be twelve , William sit at one end and Raymond ( continued ) 30 41 continued : at the other , George hold the dish for constance on William 's right . Arthur wait with a tray of game crisp , breadcrumb , bread sauce and gravy constance t be wonder if I could have a word with you . alone . after dinner . william I do not think I should leave my guest , do you .. he lean down to feed pip who sit beneath he chair . constance you will make that dog sick . weissman be talk to louisa . weissman of course I be go out with they . ivor 's promise to look after I . louisa ivor 's go with you ? weissman certainly . he say he 's look forward to a good walk . louisa be he ? do not sound very like ivor he normally stay in bed and come out with the lady for luncheon . weissman well , he want to show I how it all work . before she can respond to this , a dish be bring by Arthur to weissman 's leave side . louisa welsh rabbit ? be that a vegetarian game course ? freddie be on sylvia 's leave . freddie it be just a misunderstanding . ( continued ) 30 continued : 42 ( 2 ) sylvia oh ? aunt constance seem to think it be more serious than that . freddie only because she get she version from my father . on she right , Raymond eat in silence . there be a crack of thunder as she turn to he sylvia ivor and mabel be talk in the wrong direction so you have better join we . it never seem to work when I be mot at the end .. what a filthy night it 's turn into . I be afraid you will all be drench tomorrow but of course you will say it do not matter . raymond it do not . Beyond he , isobel be listen to Anthony on she other side . ANTHONY what do you mean he 's lose interest in that sort of thing ? isobel not just that . the whole Empire . he think the steam 's go out of it . anxiously Anthony talk down the table , make the conversation general . ANTHONY that 's not true be it , William ? that you think the Empire 's finish ? freddie surely everyone feel the war change thing . do not they ? lavinia I do not care what 's change or not change as long as we son be spare what you all go through . sylvia not all . you never fight , do you , William ? ( continued ) 30 continued : 43 ( 3 ) william I do my bit louisa of course you do sylvia well , you make a lot of money but it 's not quite the same as charge into the camnon 's mouth , be it ? thank God for Raymond . at least the family have one representative in the front line mabel turn to ivor on she right , speak sotto voce . mabel what about Commander meredith ? he must have do something right . tvor not much . after ten year in the navy you be make Lieutenant Commander if you be not dead or in prison . no , stockbridge be the here . once he capture a entire battalion single - hand . he wal ked into the middle of they by accident and instead of panic he tell they he be the advance guard whereupon they all flung down they rifle on the spot . trouble be there be three thousand of they and only one of he . mabel but how splendid ! sylvia it be splendid . how many time be you mention in despatch , Raymond ? raymond I forget . throughout this , George and Arthur move round the table . jenning stand surveying he troops . he move forward from time to time to replenish a empty ( red ) wine glass . he be at the table when he see elsie . cross over to she , he be almost fierce . jenning what do you think you be do here ? ( continued } 44 30 continued : ( 4 ) elsie Mrs Wilson ask I to tell you that the other have come . this do ameliorate she fault . he go to sylvia 's right , speak in a low voice . jenning Lord rupert standish and Mr blond have arrive , milady . sylvia no , they be too late . give they a tray in the billiard room . they can join we later . jenning very good , milady . isobel have hear . she lean over eagerly , she plain face flushed with pleasure . isobel be rupert here ? shall I go and say hello ? e@ sylvia I do not think so .. thank you , jenning . as jenning walk away , we can just hear one final interchange . mabel but I be not a country girl at all . ivor oh ? mabel no . I grow up in Leicester . my father have a glove factory . one thing I do know be how a glove should fit . freddie really , darling ! you be boring poor Mr novello to death ! off camera , ivor protest '' not at all '' as jenning reach the door . 31 45 int . billiard -room . night Arthur be carry a tray and he move discreetly as the two young man play billiards in a pool of light from the overhead fitting . they pay the footman no attention . jeremy face it . you be a young son . with the taste of a marquess and the income of a vicar . here 's the solution . she like you . her mother like you . she 's not exactly a show - stopper but you can not have everything . rupert why 's it so important to you ? jeremy because if you marry badly , who 's go to give I decent shoot in my old age ? rupert the father 's not keen on the idea . jeremy he will come round . ' have you meet my daughter , Lady rupert standish ? 's rupert maybe ... he think I be after she money . jeremy of course he do but you can not let that put you off ... '' faint heart never win fair lady . '' or , in this case , rich lady . rupert he 's more of a obstacle than you think . jeremy then you must overcome it , must not you ? during this , Arthur quietly unload plate from a tray onto a bridge table laid with a cloth , silver and glass . he strike a match to light the candle in its centre . the noise and flash of flame alert the young man to he presence and they straighten up . ( continued ) 3l 32 a6 continued : arthur her ladyship ask if you would join she in the draw - room after you have finish . rupert certainly . arthur tf you would ring when you be ready for you next course ... he indicate a bell pull in the dado . jeremy we will . thank you . Arthur go . as he leave rupert speak softly . rupert do you think he hear ? int . dine -room . night . the man be stand as the woman leave . jenning be the only servant present . sylvia now , do not be too long . William shut the door and return to he seat , invite the other man to join he . william move up , all of you .. thank you , jenning . they sit at he end of the table , irrespective of where they be before . weissman I do not suppose there 's any sign of my telephone call ? jenning not yet , I be afraid , sir . the line can be very busy ... jenning place a decanter of port in front of William , remove its stopper . {continued ) 32 33 continued : 47 jenning ( cont ' D} would you like I to ask Lord rupert and Mr blond to join you , sir ? william leave they be . they can entertain the lady . give Mr novello a rest . freddie be that rupert standish ? have he arrive ? ANTHONY why ? do you know he ? freddie certainly . we young son have to stick together . we have a lot in common . he imagine this will amuse William but , instead , he host look at he with disdain as he pour himself a glass and pass the port to he leave . jenning bring the cigar . willtam yes . I expect you have . the butler leave and we go with he . int . scullery . night . among the bottle in this ancillary room , there be two with the skull and cross bone sign of poison . bertha check the content of a drawer . Mrs Croft be watch she . bertha Arthur say he have to shout it down the table . make you feel sorry for he . mrs croft he 's get nothing to be ashamed of . it 's not he fault if they put he in a orphanage . bertha it 's nobody 's fault if it come to that . mrs croft how do you know ? ( continued ) 33 34 48 continued : bertha no . it 's not here . and Mr jenning be certain he have not get it ? mrs croft so he say . bertha but if it 's a silver carve knife , he must have it . it 's just go in the wrong drawer in the silver pantry . it would not have be put in here . mrs croft that 's what I tell he . how old would you say he be ? for a moment bertha be puzzle then she remember what they be talk about . bertha what do you think ? thirty one or two ? why ? mrs croft no reason .. I think T /11 turn in . we have get a early start . int . weissman bedroom . night . weissman , in he dress - gown , read a book by the fire in this sumptuous room . weissman of course he will not mind . i’1ll just say iowant you with I .. by the way , I talk to sheehan at the studio . the figure be worse than they think . not a single winner in the year . he sound pretty desperate . he look at the valet . weissman ( cont 'd ) will you come back later ? henry I do not think I should risk it , do you ? there be something smug in the way he say this . he go to the door . ( continued ) 34 ( ~ 35 36 49 continued : weissman oh Henry , do not forget that . or they will think you do not care . coolly , he nod at he dirty shirt , sock and underpant on a chair . they exchange a look . silently , Henry pick they up and leave . int . sylvian bedroom . night . Lewis help sylvia into a silk peignoir . the four-poster bed have een turn down . a embroider , gauze blanket - cover have replace the counterpane . lewis pleasant evening , milady ? sylvia not really ... I '' wear out . she throw herself back among the pillow , Lewis strain to hang the frock . she be old and the effort be great . but if there be irony in they situation , neither be aware of it . sylvia ( cont 'd ) be there any chocolate leave in that pot ? Lewis pause to lift the lid of a exquisite little sévre pot on the dress table . lewis I will go down and make some more . int . gallery . night . Lewis vanish through the door to the back staircase as Henry Denton enter the gallery . he be pass sylvia 's door when ait suddenly fly open . sylvia Lewis ! the suddenness of she apparition startles he for a moment . he return sylvia 's gaze . sylvia ( cont 'd ) I be look for my may . {continued } 36 37 50 continued : henry she 's just go downstairs . can I help ? sylvia she 's fetching some chocolate for I but I have rather have a glass of milk henry would that be hot milk ? or cold ? sylvia what do you think ? henry I could not say , milady . sylvia hot , then ... and with something to make it sweet ... or I know I will never shut my eye . henry why ? do you have trouble sleep , milady ? sylvia well , I have a feel I will tonight . in fact , I know I '1li be wide awake at one and bored to sob ... henry then we must try to think of something to amuse you - as barne appear through a door further down , they break off , they contract make . sylvia close she door as Henry hear Anthony 's voice . ANTHONY ( vo ) I know it . I know he have something like this plan ~ barne roll he eye in Henry 's direction as they push through onto the back stair . int . footmen 's attic corridor . night . Mary be climb the stair . at the top , she stop . she be clearly lose . after a moment , she go to one of the door and knock . there be a invitation to ' come in . 's 38 Si int . robert attic room . night . Henry be in he shirtsleeve . he look up as Mary enter . she stand , dumbstruck . mary oh ... I be ever so sorry .. I must have take the wrong stair .. but Henry be too quick for she . he push the door shut behind she . henry do not want to be see up here or you will be for it mary I would better go down ... henry there 's no rush , be there ? since you be here now .. she be freeze , receive he advance like a gazelle cornere by a tiger . henry ( cont 'd ) what about a drink ? I think we have both earn one . out of he bag on the bed , he take a bottle of whisky and sloshes some into two toothmug on the wash stand . holding out the glass with one hand , he slip the other round she waist , pull she to he and lean to kiss she when , she be suddenly transformed into a vicious , spitting , fight cat . as he back away , stunne , they hear the noise of someone on the stair . Quick as a flash , Mary pull herself together . when the door open and Robert enter , there be no trace leave of the rumpus . naturally , he be amaze to see she . ROBERT what 's this ? why be you in here ? mary I come up the wrong staircase . 1 I be just wait ' till the coast be clear . ROBERT well , you would better get down again . before anyone catch you . ( continued ) 52 38 continued : holding open the door , he check the corridor and nod . she go . he shut the door . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) tt think she 's nice , that one . henry then you would better go after she . you know what they say . he who hesitates be lose . this be not Robert 's style at all but , if anything , he be amused by he companion 's brashness . Henry scoops up the fall mug and smoothly pour two more drink . henry ( cont 'd ) so what do you make of the place ? Robert shrug . he sip the drink and sit , watch Henry hang he thing . henry ( cont 'd ) I mean , be this a well run house , would you say ? do you think Sir William would be good to work for ? e ROBERT no . he do not elaborate . after a moment , Henry continue . henry how long have you be do this ? ROBERT what ? valeting ? about seven year . I be a footman before that . henry and work for Lord stockbridge . be that a promotion ? ROBERT no . I use to be with the rarl of flintshire henry then why do you move ? ROBERT ' cos I feel like it . e@ {continued } 53 38 continued : ( 2 ) Henry nod . beside Robert 's bed there be a frame but old photograph of a woman . henry who 's that ? ROBERT my mum . henry where 's she live ? ROBERT she do not . that 's why they put I in the orphanage . henry of course . I be sorry .. what happen to she ? ROBERT what do you mean ? henry well ... why do she die . I mean , be she young ? be it in childbirth ? ROBERT you be not very curious , be you ? yes , she be young . she work in a factory , she have I and a little while later she die . end of story . henry so why do not you say she be a factory worker at dinner ? ROBERT ' cos I do not fancy discuss my private life with a table of stranger . he pick up a book . bven Henry be aware that he have overstep the mark . henry I be sorry if I speak out of turn , mate . do not mean to offend you . ROBERT I be not offended . and do not call I ' mate . 's ( continued ) 38 39 54 continued : ( 3 ) he return he attention to he book . during this last exchange , Henry have put he jacket and tie back on again . he look down at Robert . clearly he be not go to get any more out of he . henry well . see you later . I have get a date with a glass of milk . he slip out of the room . int . elsie 's attic room . night . elsie pull off she cap and shoe and slip out of she dress . Mary be finish unpack . she be still a little shake . elsie flop onto the bed . elsie should not worry about it . go with the territory ... I be bushed . I think Mrs Wilson forget I do miss isobel on top of everything else . she be flick through a Hollywood fan magazine . '' watch you step , Ann dvorak ! '' or '' Joan Crawford and Douglas faixbank : o£ course it 's for keeps ! '' until ... elsie ( cont 'd ) ooh , look . there be a still of ivor novello with benita hume . Mary look over she shoulder . mary dust think of he sleep downstairs ... elsie I shall have to watch you , my girl . I can see that . mary her ladyship say that Mr weissman 's a Hollywood producer . he make the Charlie Chan film . elsie I like that . I enjoy a bit of a fright in the cinema . mary you could go with he valet . he would give you a fright . ( continued ) 55 39 continued : C they laugh together . Mary wrinkle she nose . mary ( cont 'd ) you would better keep you eye on he . I think he 's a funny one . he 's not from Scotland for a start . at least not from any part of it that I know . elsie shrug and go back to she magazine . mary ( cont 'd ) what 's Mrs Nesbitt like ? elsie she 's 0.k . I feel a bit sorry for she , really .. ' course it never work . mary what never work ? elsie when a man like that marries beneath he . he have not get the brain to carry it off . C mary zi think it 's romantic . to marry for love . Mary pick up elsie 's dress and cap . elsie be more interested in she magazine . elsie oh , it be not love . not he , he 's a nasty piece of work . the ' honourable 's freddie Nesbitt . that 's a laugh . it be she father 's money he be after but there be less than he think . now it 's spend and all he 's get to show be a wife he 's ashamed of . and he 's lose he job . he want miss isobel to put in a word with Sir William . mary will she ? elsie she might . mary ned why should she ? ( continued } 56 39 continued : ( 2 ) elsie well , listen to you . miss nosie parker ... what 's the matter ? Mary have be distract by the sight of a crumpled shirt on the chest . mary I never wash that shirt . that 's I in trouble ... unless I do it now ... elsie do you want I to come with you ? mary no , no . you stay there . i’1l be all xight . 40 int . still room . night . Mary pull the plug from the sink and wring out the shirt . then leave the room , crossing the corridor on she way to the irone room . 41 omitted e@ 42 omitted 42a int , ironing and sewing room . night . Mary enter the dark room , turn on the light . there be a scuffling sound . mary be someone there ? there be silence . then a smother giggle . mary ( cont 'd ) come on . who be it ? you be scare I . shyly , bertha emerge from the shadow , smoothing down she skirt . mary ( cont 'd ) what be you up to ? she speak as she lower the drying rack over the stove , arrange the shirt on it and wind it up again . bertha shrug . bertha e@ nothing . ( continued ) 42 k 43 57 continued : she 's not give anything away . Mary nod and move off but as she be about to leave the room , she look back into the dark corner where a shaft of moonlight illuminate black shoe , crumpled trousers and underpant revealing the hairy lower calve of a man . the rest of he be in shadow . he be quite still . without a word , she hurry out . int . kitchen corridor , night . Mary be walk down the corridor when Mrs Wilson emerge . mrs wilson miss trentham ? can I help you ? mary i be just wash a shirt of she ladyship' . mrs wilson I hope you find everything you need . Lady trentham 's tea will be laid out in the still - room any time after seven tomorrow . we nve remember the cucumber . her breakfast tray may be collect at a quarter to nine . mary she like it at half past eight . mrs wilson I know but the shoot breakfast can delay the trays a little . it will not be later . they move off at nine . do she have to have marmalade ? dorothy make too little last January so we have run out of we own .. she would not care for strawberry jam , I suppose ? mary not really .. mrs wilson very well . it be not a problem . there be a noise . Sir William mccordle be approach down the corridor . ( continued ) 58 43 continued : william oh ... I be rather hope for a word with Mrs Wilson . mary o£ course , sir . william Mrs Wilson , I wonder if you could tell jenning that I want the soup after the fourth drive tomorrow ... be this really what he come to say ? as Mary go , Mrs Wilson have close the door . 44 int . footmen' attic corridor . night . Henry back out of the bedroom door , shut it carefully , and set off down the stair . 45 ext . gosford park . day . it be a grey morning . Men gather as two wagonettes be pull up to the front . 46 int . trentham bedroom . day . e@ a fire crackle merrily in the grate . constance be sit up in bed . she smooth the sheet before she , eagerly anticipate the tray that Mary be carry in from the door . constance they always send up a good breakfast here . I all say that for sylvia . she 's not at all mean in that way ... Mary place the pretty tray across she mistress . constance lift the lid of a china jam pot and wrinkle she nose . constance ( cont 'd ) buy marmalade ! dear I . I call that very feeble .. oh well . I suppose one can not have everything . Mary , I do not think I will wear that shirt after all . the check 's warmer and that 's all I care about . she start to eat . Mary , suppress irritation , look out of the window . ( continued } C 46 a7 continued : 59 mary they be just get ready to move off . constance ugh. look . it 's already start to rain . mary you 'il enjoy the luncheon . constance nursery stew in a howling draft ? I doubt it . ext . gosford park . day . strutt be with the loader . it be drizzle slightly . strutt we be only six gun now and , apart from Sir William , they be shoot double or singles so we will not need you all . d' you want to toss for it ? derwent what happen ? strutt the american gentleman . he 's a vegetarian . and vegetarian do not shoot , apparently . crosbie bloody he 11 ... they all start to laugh , include strutt , but then he quieten they down . strutt that 's / 11 do . and remember , no comment on the skill of the gun you be load for unless you nre ask . understood ? that go for you too , Baker . baker honestly , Mr strutt . I think he have ask ... ( continued ) 60 47 continued : strutt well , he think he have not . and straight face . even if they can not hit a barn door . 48 int . servant 's hall . day . Henry , in he overcoat , be be interrogate by barne , Robert , George and Arthur . probert be polish a fob watch and a couple of the maid , include Mary , look on . barne what do you mean you be ' go shoot ' ? henry Mr weissman want I to accompany he . nothing wrong in that . arthur but what for ? you be not even load . he have not get a gun . henry well ... he might need something . @ GEORGE what could he need ? George be imitate Henry 's voice insultingly . probert come to Henry 's aid . probert of course the very idea of service be offensive to you , George , but there 's no need to take it out on the rest of we . please forgive we ill manners , Mr weissman Henry smile a trifle nervously as he head for the door . barne I think he 's get something to hide , that one . probert we have all get something to hide , Mr meredith . Robert catch Mary 's eye as he pick up a newspaper from the table . @ 61 eo 49 ext . gosford park . day . Henry , out of place in he coat , slip from a side door look around for weissman . baker who 's that ? strutt have not a clue . right . Baker , you take Lord stockbridge . you will not have to teach he much . derwent and crosbie , Sir William as usual . tozer , Mr Nesbitt there ... once instruct , the man break away from the group and approach the gun they have be allot to . William have three gun share between he two loader . stockbridge , standish and meredith all have a pair . Nesbitt and blond have one each . William hold out a slotted pouch contain flat , ivory spill . one by one , the gun choose a spill and read a number although William keep he finger fix on one . at the end , he pull ait out before gather the other € william . I be four. right . we be turn on six . even go up two , odd down two . no ground game . any white pheasant will cost you a fiver . weissman I will come and cheer you on . but this suggestion do not seem to find favour . as weissman settles himself into the wagonette , Raymond , next to he , speak softly . raymond he will not let you . he can not stand witness . weissman but I keep hearing how he 's such a expert . raymond he 's a expert gunsmith . it be not quite the same as be a good shot ... weissman ( why would not he let anyone have number four ? ( continued ) ag 50 62 continued : raymond why do you think ? it 's the best peg .. that fellow 's try to attract you attention . weissman look over to where the oddly - dress Henry stand and beckon he over . weissman it 's just my man . . it 's all right for he to keep I company , be not it ? Raymond look at he . clearly this be a amazing suggestion . int . isobel ‘s bedroom . day . isobel gaze out at the garden . elsie do you want to change now , miss ? or shall it come back later ? isobel he will not do it . elsie who will not do what , miss ? isobel my father ... he win not give freddie a job . I speak to he last night and he say he have think about it but this morning , he say it be not up to he — when of course it be ... elsie why not ? isobel , I do not know , something to do with why freddie be sack but I can not get a straight answer out of either of they . elsie well , you have do you best . Mr Nesbitt can not ask more than that . isobel oh , but he can . much more ... he say he 's go to tell he . ( continued ) 50 51 63 continued : she have rise to she foot and be roam the room like a animal . this be a facer . elsie do you think he will ? isobel I do not know .. he say daddy 's 11 give he a job to keep he quiet . she hesitates . she turn back to elsie , she awkward face vivid with desperation . isobel ( cont 'd ) could you say something ? elsie to Mr Nesbitt ? isobel to daddy . elsie really , miss . why ever would you think I could make any difference ? her tone be disingenuous but isobel look at she coolly . isobel will you ? ext . a OPEN drive . day . the drive be about to begin . a horn blow . mccordle be ready , gun in hand . behind he stand he loader , derwent and crosbie , each hold a gun . the first flush of bird fly over . Sir William lift he gun and fire both barrel , one after the other . william damn ! he swiftly change gun with derwent who reload as Sir William fire again . william ( cont 'd ) blast ! he change gun with crosbie who start to reload . more shot from Sir William . ( continued ) 64 sl continued : william ( cont 'd ) I think I prick that one . from the expression of the loader as they share a look , it be clear they do not agree . the shoot be heavy now until suddenly a shot just miss they . all three duck . derwent bugger I ! crosbie you all right , six ? william no . I be not all right . to he and they astonishment , a tiny trickle of blood mark he ear . crosbie blimey . william where the bloody hell do that come £rom ? e@ derwent further down the line , sir . william at the end of the drive , find strutt . see if he know . if he do , he can tell the gun responsible to go back to the house . crosbie here they come again , sir . william right . with a sigh of recovery , he take up he gun again and fire william ( cont 'd ) damn it ! crosbie look over to derwent and roll he eye skyward . 52 int . trentham bedroom . day . Mary come in . constance be at the dress - table . sylvia lie @ on the bed , louisa and lavinia be seat . ( continued ) 52 65 continued : they be all dress for a shoot lunch in rather heartier tweed than they travel in . they wear walk shoe and be already in country hat . constance do you find one ? mary oh yes . she kneel down by she mistress and take out a brown shoelace . with constance 's foot on she lap , Mary remove the break one and replace it during the scene . lavinia well ? sylvia there 's no point in look at I . if I open my mouth on the subject , it will only make thing worse . louisa I have already try . I do not mind have another go but it will not do any good . the door open and isobel appear . she be now in she tweed which be not become . the other whisper conspiratorially . ' come in !' or ' shut the door ! 's isobel jenning say the car be ready . constance goody . I be starve . I do love a shoot luncheon . Mary look up . sylvia be examine she daughter dispassionately . sylvia what be you wear ? isobel why ? do not you like it ? you buy it . sylvia do I ? how extraordinary of I . come on . we would better get go . where 's the wretch mabel ? be she downstairs ? ( continued ) 52 53 54 continued : she go , 66 ( 2 ) constance and have anyone check she outfit ? she 's probably in black velvet with a feather in she hair . lavinia she 's in the morning - room look perfectly normal . and do not be such a snob , aunt constance . constance I ? I have not a snobbish bone in my body . indignant at the charge . isobel at the rear , this moment with Mary . int . ROBERT 's attic room . day . mrs wilson I be sorry , I do not realise you be in - just my routine inspection . ROBERT what can I do for you ? mrs wilson I be sorry ? so how be you settling in with lerd stockbridge ? I know you have not be with he for long . you know smoking be not allow up here . stub cigarette ~ see photo . ext . / int . mrs wilson ( cont 'd ) I hope you have everything you require to make he lordship comfortable . we have not forget anything . ROBERT I can not believe you forget much Mrs Wilson . OPEN field / temple . day . share George be in the back of a farm truck with large basket surround he . there be also crate of wine , of various size , cover with white cloth . jug and bowl ( continued ) 54 67 continued : the vehicle approach a temple with a terrace on which we can see that the gun , ivor , weissman and the lady have gather . below it , jenning be run forward . jenning where have you be ? they have already break for luncheon . take the bloody Mary . and hurry . George lift two cover jug from a bucket of ice on the floor of the wagon and start toward the temple . he pass meccordle and strutt . the latter be shaking he head . strutt well , they do not , sir . it be a heavy drive , the loader be busy and nobody see . I be sorry . George , carry he jug , take the camera over to the bottom of a stone staircase where Raymond and sylvia stand . as usual , we hear only what the footman hear . raymond T be warning you sylvia what ? what exactly be you warning I of ? she fall silent as she see the footman . at the top of the stair , George enter the temple . jenning hurry in behind he and start to unload the stew from the basket . Henry Denton watch as George arrange glass on a tray . henry can I do anything to help , Mr jenning ? jenning be threaten with the spectre of bad management . after a second , he nod . jenning well , since you be here .. you might take the sherry round .. Henry lift a tray with a decanter and glass . as he and George start for the terrace , they pass the meredith who appear to be argue out of sight of the other guest . lavinia just calm down . ( continued } 54 continued : 68 ( 2 ) ANTHONY you do not seem to understand how serious this be . lavinia we will manage , we always have . ANTHONY oh yes . and how long do you think we will go on manage if he stick to it . I do not see why you can not get you sister to help . lavinia darling , I have try . of course I have try . but you know what they be like . ANTHONY I know they could not care less if we go under . why should they ? they dressmaker will still be busy and they dinner serve on time . lavinia what do that matter ? why can not you see that we have get what they will never have . and they know it . do you honestly think I would change place with either of they ? ANTHONY that 's not the point . lavinia be not it ? anyway , promise I you will leave it for now . this be not the right moment . ANTHONY there be no sodd right moment ! Anthony move outside . mccordle be talk to Jeremy and rupert . Anthony wait for he as George and Henry start to hand round the drink . we follow they and hear snatch of what be be say . all this exchange overlap each other . freddie that 's you problem . isobel but I do not see what more I can do . {continued ) 54 69 continued : ( 3 ) in the background , sylvia be wind a gramophone . she lift the needle and it start to play '' the land of might have be . '' a few clap as ivor bow to he hostess . ivor very tactful . sylvia I think so . I borrow it off Lewis . constance be not this fun ? there 's nothing like a day out with the gun , be there ? sylvia nothing . shall we go in ? it 's go to pelt in a minute . ivor move over to weissman take a telegram out of he pocket . ivor I nearly forget . this come for you . about a hour ago . Henry join they as weissman read it . henry good or bad ? weissman neither . winfield sheehan want to talk to I . I x11 call he later . he explain to ivor . weissman ( cont 'd ) the head of production at Fox . he 's handle the next Charlie Chan . tsobel have leave freddie and join rupert , pass Jeremy and Raymond on the way jeremy you have a fantastic one in the third drive . it be a mile high . raymond that 's generous but I do not think so . rupert would you like to come and see how we manage it at stanton ? ( more ) ( continued ) 54 70 continued : ( 4 ) rupert ( cont 'd ) next month perhaps . I can give you four date to choose from . this be to isobel who smile . then she see as Jeremy wink at rupert . behind , mccordle cross . Anthony pounce . ANTHONY William ! he try what he imagine be a casual chuckle . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) you be not serious last night , be you ? william I be afraid so . I be go to tell you next week but since you ask William be irritate . this be exactly what he want to avoid . he look about for help and see George , he hold up he glass for some more . ANTHONY the thing be .. I do not think you have grasp what this would do to the whole project . what it would do to I . william come on . it 's not as black as all that . ANTHONY yes , it bloody well be . william well , I be sorry to hear it , Anthony . but business be business . I '' not a Charity commissioner , you know . ANTHONY for Christ 's sake , William , I be begging you — impulsively , he sieze the other man 's forearm forget about the full glass of bloody Mary . it shatter on the pave . Anthony be horrify . he take out a handkerchief , offer it to mccordle . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry , old man . ( continued ) 54 55 56 71 continued : ( 5 ) william just leave it his anger be obvious but contain as George stoops to pick up the piece and jenning come into the doorway . he be just in time . the rain be start again . jenning luncheon be serve . the company hurry in to the gorgeous table where the servant wait for they . constance I love a picnic , do not you ? int . maids 's attic corridor . day . elsie , in a dress - gown and carry a sponge bag , open a door at the end of the corridor . we hear a squawk and a splash . int . servant 's attic bathroom . day . the room be small and spartan without decoration of any sort Mary , embarrassed and cover herself , have be surprised in the bath . mary shut the door for heaven 's sake . elsie it 's only Lewis . if any of the man be find up here they have be sack on the spot . worse luck . she settles herself on the mean , cork - cover stool . Mary finish she wash , uneasily conceal behind she arm and she flannel . elsie watch she , amused elsie ( cont 'd ) do not tell I you be a convent girl . or be it presbyterian modesty ? be the water hot ? mary not very . elsie no . and it will not be ' till the gun come home . I would better get into yours . {continued ) 56 56A continued : 72 mary her ladyship say Sir William love he shoot . elsie yeah , he do . can not hit a barn door but he do love it . sweet , really mary last night - no , I should not say . elsie yes , you should . what be it ? mary only that ... when I go down to wash that shirt , I think he be in the irone - room . with one of the kitchen maid . elsie no . it would not have be he . she be surprisingly definite . mary I think it be . leastway , he come down the passage a moment later and I do not see how - blsie no , it be not he . hurry up . she start to undress . int . servant attic bathroom . day now Mary be put on she dress - gown and drying she hair while elsie ig in the bath . she be more comfortable to bathe with a witness than Mary be . they have settle into a gossip . mary you know when you say Sir William could have have he pick ? between Lady sylvia and Lady stockbridge ? elsie yes . {continued ) 73 56A continued : mary well , I ask she ladyship about it and she say ... they cut card for he . she share the wick think with elsie . elsie no ! mary I can not believe it either . I s'pose it be a joke . elsie I would not be too sure . I hear ... she break off with a sigh , catch herself out . elsie ( cont 'd ) just listen to I . mary what ? elsie why do we spend we time live through they ...? look at poor old Lewis . if she own mother have a heart attack , she would think it be less important than one of Lady sylvia 's fart . he always say - she remember herself and break off . mary who ? who say what ? elsie never mind . do not matter ... I dunno ... all I want be to be at the centre of my own life . ' course if you say that in this house , Mr jenning think you be plan to blow up the romanovs . there be a bang on the door . from outside we hear a anguish voice . lewis be you ever come cut ? 57 74 int . trentham bedroom . eve . Mary be fasten constance into another of the dress that we see be hang up earlier with another of the set of jewel . the mistress be in a jolly mood . constance you must know . you can not fool I . if there 's one thing I do not look for in amaid , it 's discretion . except with my own secret , of course . mary well , I do not know much , milady .. apparently , he be count on Sir William for a investment and have '' guarantee he interest '' — whatever that mean .. anyway , Mr barne — the Commander 's valet — say he want to leave at once but Lady lavinia 's persuade he to stay until tomorrow . to make less of a thing of it . there be a brisk knock and sylvia enter . she completely ignore Mary . sylvia I be on my way down . this be just a quick warning . for God 's sake be careful not to rub he up , tonight . constance ez do not know what you mean . sylvia you know exactly what I mean . he 's in a filthy mood . with everyone ... he 's talk about stop you allowance . constance but it 's for life ! that be settle ! he can not do that ! sylvia just you watch he . he 's absolutely spoil for a fight and if you will take my advice , you will not give he one ... I have get to go . she hurry out . this exchange have be in and out of vision as we follow Mary put thing away . constance catch she eye through the mirror . ( continued ) 57 58 59 75 continued : constance now that you can be discreet about ... int . upstair hall and corridor . eve jenning , with whisky , glass etc. , cross the hall . weissman be on the telephone . weissman what be I go to do about it ? I '' go to call he goddamn bluff . i‘l1l meet he fuck deadline . that 's what I be go to do about it ! we just see sylvia and louisa respond to he language as jenning get to the library . int , library . eve . jenning open the door without knock . he stop dead . Three man be seat round the fire . William , novello and Henry . William be surly as he pet he dog . william be she ladyship down yet ? jenning they be just assemble in the draw - room now , sir . william well , it will not kill they to wait five minute . he start to pour as weissman come in behind he , take a drink from the tray . weissman wait for it : sheehan want a final seript by the fifteenth . ivor that 's crazy . you nve only just work out the story . william that 's all , jenning . weissman ( vo ) he know that . he 's just want a excuse to renegotiate . ( more ) ( continued ) 59 60 61 76 continued : weissman ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) he think he 's lose the studio ... there 's talk about Zanuck come in ... but during this jenning have leave and we with he . int . kitchen corridor . eve . jenning be walk toward he own room when Mrs Croft see he . mrs croft oh , Mr jenning , have that knife turn up yet ? jenning not now . he go into he room and shut the door . further down the corridor , Mrs Wilson be watch . Mrs Croft retrieve she dignity and retreat into the kitchen . int . dine -room . eve . dinner be almost finish . in contrast to the night before , the atmosphere be terrible . George , Arthur and elsie be carry round the savoury . jenning pour wine . William be sulk . a few of the guest be try to keep thing go . lavinia goodness , be not it pretty , here ? the house have such a lovely position . raymond the best view 's from the old water tower . we might walk up there tomorrow . I suppose you really do have to get back to London ? ANTHONY I be afraid we should . when you be ruin , there 's such a lot to do . this succeed in further flatten the company as well as exasperate lavinia and infuriate William . the servant exchange glance as they labour on round . constance would anyone care for a game of bridge after dinner ? freddie I would not mind . ( continued ) 61 77 continued : constance who else ? what about you , louisa ? louisa q do not think so . I have rather go off card . I have never be very lucky with they . almost inadvertently , she catch William 's eye . he hold she glance , subdued . willtam nor I . for some reason , this both annoys sylvia and spur she into she duty as a hostess . sylvia tell I again , Mr weissman , what 's this film you be work on ? weissman '' Charlie Chan in London . '' it 's a detective mystery . mabel set in London . weissman not really . most of it take place at a country house - party . Rather like this one ... that 's where the murder happen . constance how horrid ! and who turn out to have do it ? weissman ~ could not tell you that . it no spoil it for you . constance but none of we will ever see it . her rudeness be quite unconscious . rupert feel sorry for weissman . rupert and be you think of make it here ? ( continued ) 61 78 continued : ( 2 ) weissman oh no . we will build it in the studio , I just want to experience a little country live while I be in England and ivor be good enough to say he could fix it for I . ivor it be William who could fix it . jeremy be you interested in film , sir ? sylvia not likely . william why should not I be ? you do not know what I be interested in . sylvia well , I know you be interested in money and in fiddling with that dreary gun but I agree . when it come the anything else , I be stump . elsie that 's not fair , be it , Bill ? you always — with this word , she have break the basic rule of domestic service . she have release terrible reverberation by speak as she do to William . not only have she call he ' billi , 's she have engage in the conversation of the family . the table be as Silent as the dead , fork be still in mid-air , glass half - way to lip . elsie realise that in one tiny second , in less than a second , she have terminate she employment in that house . after a moment of total immobility , William throw down he napkin and storm out . Raymond be the first to break the silence . with he voice , normality return . raymond sylvia , do you ever manage to track down that magnolia you be after ? because , if not , I may have rather a good substitute . tc 62 63 79 int . maids 's attic corridor . eve . Mary come out of she room , head for the stair when elsie , in tear , push past . mary elsie ? what 's the matter ? but the girl only go into the room and slam the door . int . dine -room . eve . Mary slip in . George and Arthur , with butler 's trays , be clear . George , in baize glove , help himself to the end of the odd wine glass . linger in the room be probert , barne , Sarah , Renee , Robert , dorothy , Lewis and May . mary it 's true then ? GEORGE you should have see it . renee what 's go to happen to she ? lewis she nil be lucky if they do not boot she out before the morning . mary but she 's work here so long .. barne shall I tell you what that mean to they ? bugger all . probert please , mx meredith . there be lady present ... where be he now ? GEORGE in the library and he will not come out again tonight at this point the door open and jenning appear . he look around at the company . jenning May I ask what be go on ? ( continued ) 63 64 80 continued : probert we be just ... jenning George , will you join I in the draw - room , please ? May , stay and help with the clear . the rest of you can go back downstairs . I must say I be surprised at you . dorothy but Mr jenning — to she dismay , he simply turn and leave . George wink at Mary as he follow . GEORGE Bet you be glad you come . int . drawing -room . eve . Janet have bring in a tray . she go into the dining room as George take the tray to hand round the coffee . constance be at the bridge table wait . rupert be talk softly to isobel . sylvia approach ivor by the chimneypiece . sylvia ivor , darling , be it too awful to ask you to play something ? and brighten thing up a bit ? it would be such a treat ivor of course . he and weissman walk towards the piano . weissman I have book a passage and I '11 live on the ' phone ' till I sail . but I have to get back to London tomorrow . I can go by train , if you have rather stay . ivor no , no . I will take you . weissman you be provide a lot of entertainment for nothing . ( continued ) 64 65 bl continued : ivor Morris . I be use to it . he start to play " the land of might have be " . rupert and isobel go to take they place at the card table . Jeremy whisper to rupert . jeremy good work , old chap . you be do awfully well . rupert you do not understand . I - George hold the tray for constance who look up as she pour herself a cup at mabel linger for a moment by the card table behind freddie . constance my may be say how sensible you be to travel light . after all , why should one wear a different frock every evening . we be not in a fashion parade . the player have draw for dealer and constance have win . as isobel cut the card for she , mabel wander over to the piano in she humiliation . int . upstair hall and corridor . eve . Robert and Mary be walk towards one of the two green baize door . ROBERT how could she let he touch she ? mary you sound as if you do not like he . ROBERT you would be surprised . mary all right then . surprise I . ROBERT maybe I will . but she be distract . from the draw - room come the sound of music . ( continued ) 65 66 67 68 b82 continued : mary listen . int . drawing ~room . eve . ivor be sing another song . the player be bid . be already bored with the music . constance what a lovely , long repertoire . rupert whisper to isobel over they card . rupert I be wonder if we could have a word later . isobel of course . if you like . constance nearby , Jeremy wink in approval , which isobel notice . as constance have win the bid , freddie be dummy . have laid out he card , he stand . freddie I will not be a minute . he walk to the door . mabel , by the piano , watch he go . int . upstair hall and corridor . eve . Mrs Wilson appear with a tray of coffee thing . she cross the hall . int . library . eve . William work at he gun table . the tool of he hobby surround he . he have re-route he rage and now he file a metal part with angry passion and finesse . the door open . william what do you want ? mrs wilson I have bring you some coffee . william if I have want coffee I would have rung for it ! with a impatient gesture he knock the tray out of she hand . she start to pick it up . ( continued ) 68 tr 69 's C 70 83 continued : william ( cont 'd ) never mind that ! just get I some whisky ! silently , she stand with the tray and go to pour the drink . her back be to he and she take she time . he ignore she as she set the drink before he and leave . int . drawing -room . eve ivor be still sing . the house - party have have enough . rupert be deal the next hand . constance you nre spoil we , Mr novello . quel embarras de richesh ... where on earth have freddie get to ? jeremy I will play if you like . until he get back . he sit between the lover . at the other end of the room , Anthony silently steal from the room . lavinia start towards he , lavinia Anthony - but he have go . she return to she seat on the sofa . meanwhile , jenning , near the door , be in heaven . George tip the remainder of the milk jug into a cup . he then turn to the enrapture butler and whisper to he . GEORGE better get some more milk , Mr jenning ... I will not be a moment . he hold the empty jug for jenning to see . he go to the dining - room door . int . dine -room . eve as he come in , Janet and May have pause in they clear . Arthur stand unashamedly by the connect door . George almost bump into he . arthur why ever have you come out ? ( continued ) 70 71 72 84 continued : GEORGE you can have enough of a good thing . I want a fag . he go . int . upstair hall and corridor . eve . Renee , barne , Sarah and probert and a reluctant Lewis creep out of the green baize door . Sarah look back down the stair . sarah where 's Mr Denton ? the other ' sssh ' she , further emphasise the illicitness of they presence . lewis this be not right , Mr probert . probert oh , go on . we be not the only one . he nod towards Mary stand listen a little way off . she smile guiltily . mary I could not resist . I be just say to Mr par - she look round and to she surprise , he have go . mary ( cont 'd ) oh . he 's go . int . the base of the kitchen stair . eve . Mrs Croft , the kitchen maid and dorothy listen . Mrs Wilson come downstairs . mrs wilson what 's go on ? dorothy . get on with you work . mrs croft Excuse I , but dorothy be under my jurisdiction as well , you know . and i say she can listen to a spot of music if she like . without another word , Mrs Wilson go into she own room . 73 74 75 76 85 int . maids 's attic corridor . eve. / night . Henry arrive at a door and knock gently . elsie open it . she have be cry but she be calm now . elsie yes ? what do you want ? henry I think you might need cheer up ... elsie do you ? well , you be wrong . she shut the door , leave he alone . int . / ext . back door / courtyard . night . the door open and a pair of male leg and foot , clad in black trousers and shoe appear ( it could be any of the man , above or below stair ) . it be raining and , for a second , the foot hesitate . they owner appear to spy some large , muddy walk over - shoe leave by a gardener in the porch . the man slip he foot , still in they black pump , into they . there be a noise . he freeze . Mrs Croft appear through the crack of the open door . she pull it to and we hear the bolt . after a moment the leg approach . they strain but the door will not budge . int . drawing -room . night . constance , bored to sob , look around as she take a liqueur from jenning . constance where 's Anthony ? you do not suppose he 's go to worry William again , do you ? sylvia even Anthony could not be that stupid . mabel look over sharply at constance who greet she with a cheery smile . int . upstair hall and corridor . night . the boot entex the front door , leave a muddy trail . the music be quite audible . 77 78 86 int . library . night , a secret door in the bookshelve open gently as the boot foot slip in . leave a trail of mud , he move softly across the floor until William 's foot come into view . the camera move up to reveal William in a fiercely concentrate position , hold some part of a gun quite still . he seem freeze . the empty glass be on its side on the table . the hand of the intruder lift into sight . it be cover in a green baize glove , the type we have see in scene 15 and 61 and it hold the miss knife . with a semi-circular arc , the blade flash down , over William 's shoulder and into he heart . silently , William slump forward onto the table , he face crush into the tool of he hobby . below he , the wretch pip whine . after a fraction of a second , the unknown assailant retreat . the conceal bookcase door close behind he . int . drawing -room . night . freddie return . Jeremy make to rise but freddie stop he as mabel come over . freddie no , no . finish the hand . mabel where have you be ? freddie never mind . now Anthony meredith slide back into the room . in answer to lavinia 's enquiry , he just shake he head reassuringly . George return with the jug . jenning speak sharply under he breath . jenning well if that 's a ' moment 's I have like to know what happen when you take a real break . now give she ladyship some more coffee . George take the tray and approach sylvia . she hold out she cup . sylvia George , do you know what 's become of Sir William ? GEORGE I believe he 's still in the library , milady . ( continued ) 78 79 80 87 continued : louisa get she refill . she be help herself to milk and sugar so George be still and we can see sylvia raise she eyebrow at she sister as she drop she voice . sylvia what be we go to do ? louisa I could try and fetch he if you like . sylvia would you , really ? he much prefer you to I . int . upstair hall and corridor / red SALOON . night . Mary , probert and Lewis be still listen as Robert rejoin they . he carry two hot water bottle and hand one over to Mary . it be in a cover bear the coronetted ' T . 's ROBERT here . I do yours as well . before the rush start . probert and Lewis acknowledge it be time to get to work . they walk away , past the door of the red saloon where we see louisa . in front of she , pip nose he way out of the almost close library door and look around . louisa pick he up . louisa come here you horrid little thing . William , I - but the rest of she speech be swallow in a scream . at once , the music stop . the guest , follow by the different group of listen servant , cluster into the red saloon . isobel crane forward but rupert shield she until a sob from probert bring they all to the door of the library . mabel scream . GEORGE bleedin ' hell ... the body of Sir William mccordle be slump over he work table . the eye be open in the red face and the tongue be lolling out . it be clear that Sir William be very dead . omitted 81 82 88 ext . gosford park . night . a police car arrive . the driver , constable dexter , be join by Inspector Thompson . vain and clottish , he feel he belong ' upstairs 's . the house party will not agree int . servant ' hall . night . the servant be all seat round the table . some of they , include elsie , be in dress - gowns . the atmosphere be mix . the news be shocking but not particularly sad . apart from elsie and the upper servant , many of they , even the resident staff , hardly know William except by sight . the ' front door 's bell jangle on the bellboard . jenning I ‘l1l go . jenning leave . elsie be sobbing aloud . Mrs Croft lean over and squeeze she hand . she speak softly but loud enough for bertha to hear she . mrs croft come on , love . no man 's worth it . at any rate , he be not . janet what be you go to do now , Mr probert ? probert T do not know .. I can not think straight ... GEORGE when I leave here , I want to open a garage ... nothing gawdy . just enough for a decent live . renee that 's a funny ambition for a footman . why be not you a chauffeur ? lewis I do not understand . head footman in a house like this ! you could be a butler if you play you card right . and you future 's take care of ! barne future 's take care of ? do not make I laugh . another twenty year and we will have vanish like the dodo . {continued } 89 82 continued : lewis that 's what they say in 1914 but here we still be Mary look over at Robert , deep in think . George follow she eye . GEORGE you be very quiet . what 's you ambition ? ROBERT I do not think I have get one . not now . sarah I be save to open a hatshop . very exclusive , regular client .. GEORGE yes , I bet you will have regular client . 83 int . upstair hall and corridor . / SALOON . weissman be on the telephone as jenning cross to the front door . weissman — do not understand .. I think they would agree it be a birdshoot .. why be fox hunt more cinematic ? who say that ?... oh ... well , ok , if it 's a big deal , make it a fox humt but what the hell be we do here ? jenning open the door to the two policeman . jenning we have be expect you . thompson good evening . I be Inspector thomp — sylvia stride purposefully towards they , talk as she do so . sylvia you must be the police . thompson just so . I be Inspector thomp — ( continued ) 83 90 continued : sylvia I be Lady sylvia meccordle . we have not move he but I do not know whether to ring for a doctor or not . William 's real one 's in London and it seem very hard to wake he at this time of night . thompson the police doctor will be here ina minute . sylvia good . I mean I suppose it do not really matter if it 's a stroke or a heart attack or whatever but we might as well get it right .. let 's go straight to the red draw - room . I have get everyone round up there . Thompson glance at weissman who be get heat but sylvia be in control . sylvia ( cont 'd ) oh , do not mind he . he 's just a american who 's stay with we . she have lead they into the saloon , jenning follow . all the upstairs member of the party be gather in vary state of shock . pip be in the corner , whining . sylvia ( cont 'd ) I no better tell you who we all be then we can go to bed and leave you with poor William . be that a good plan ? dexter do we need to worry they just now , sir ? we could do it in the - thompson perhaps I should introduce myself . I be Inspector thomp — sylvia this be my aunt , Lady trentham — thompson of course . the countess of trentham . how do you do ? ( more ) ( continued } 83 84 gi continued : ( 2 ) thompson ( cont 'd ) I once have the pleasure of serve on a committee with the late barl .. I be only sorry we have to meet in such tragic circumstance . his pompous enunciate of constance 's full title tell she everything about he petit bourgeois origin . she be not aware that they be ' meeting 's at all . sylvia continue . sylvia my brother - in-law , Lord stockbridge . my sister , Lady stockbridge , ...my youngest sister , Lady lavinia meredith , and she husband , Commander meredith . Mr novello , I suppose you know that without my tell you ... that ' 1ll be all , thank you jemning ... no , wait . would you like to talk to any of the servant tonight , Inspector — thompson thomo — sylvia perhaps you should see probert . my poor husband 's valet . would you tell he to come up , jenning ? now , where be I ? this be Mr and Mrs Nesbitt , my daughter , miss mccordle , Lord rupert standish and Mr blond ... but jenning have pick up pip and leave before she have finish the list . int . servant 's hall . night . they be still seat as jenning enter . he give pip to the odd man who take the dog reluctantly . after a moment , Mrs Croft speak mrs croft well ? do not leave we on tenterhook . jenning the police would like to see you for a moment , Mr probert . probert I ? why ? I do not know what I can tell they ... ( continued ) 84 85 92 continued : but he go , with a sigh and on the edge of tear , follow by sympathetic glance jenning there 's no point in the rest of you wait up . elsie what about I , Mr jenning ? jenning you can leave as soon as the police release you . I dare say that will be some time tomorrow . mrs wilson until then stay in you room . elsie I be not contagious , you know . barne I '' sorry , Mr jenning , but my two want to get away . so we will be off early . jenning neobody 's go anywhere ... now , that of you with remain duty , see to they as quickly as you can . otherwise , good night everyone . he stand aside to let they pass . we hear some exchange about the dog as they go . ' what 's go to happen to it ? ' ' I should think she will have it put down .'' best thing for it , nasty little beast . '' no one can stand it except Sir William . ' alone among they , elsie give the animal a stroke . ' do not do that , dear . he will have you hand off . ' while this be go on , Henry hesitates , unusually ill at ease . jenning ( cont 'd ) yes , Mr weissman ? henry I be afraid I have a confession to make .. he speak in a american accent . int . upstair hall and corridor . night . probert walk mournfully past weissman , still on the telephone . ( continued ) 85 86 87 93 continued : weissman Warner olund want cast approval ? do not make I laugh ! Warner olund do not have the right to approve he own toilet ! int . elsie 's attic room . night . the two young woman lie , try to sleep . elsie 's half ~ pack case be visible . mary I be really sorry ... about everything ... elsie do not feel sorry for I . pity that poor dorothy . she 's get all the early morning teas to do , then trays and she 's get to get miss isobel down to the dining - room — if she can find anything in black . I be well out of it . she 's the one who need you sympathy . mary E should think miss isobel might stay in bed tomorrow . elsie unmarried girl do not have breakfast trays . not at this house . they be silent for a bit . mary I wish I could help . elsie well , you can not . int . stockbridge bedroom . night Renee be arrange the blanket cover on the bed . behind she , louisa sit at the dress - table , wiping she eye . in a open doorway , Raymond stand quite still as Robert slide he gown on and then come round to set the lapel and tie the sash . ROBERT be that everything , m‘lord ? raymond yes , thank you , Parks . I think we would all better try and get some sleep . ( continued ) 94 continued : he nod at Renee and the two servant retire together , just in time to hear : raymond ( cont 'd ) do stop snivelling . anyone would thing you be italian . int . SALOON . night . George be tidy up . he give a cold glance over to where Henry be help himself , weissman and novello to brandy from a tray . ivor remark he expression . weissman that 's the main problem . Fox have not get anyone . apart from a few wash - up silent star .. how be you get on ? henry Mrs Wilson 's put I in the meanest room she could find . ivor what do you expect ? the State bedchamber ? you have make they feel like @ idiot . and they do not like it .. have anyone tell sylvia ? weissman she ' 1ll be ok . she can take a joke . Henry and ivor exchange a look . they be not so sure . ivor you no better be the one to say it . I should go now . before she hear it from someone else . weissman but do not tell she ' till afterwards . I would not want to spoil it for she . tonight of all night . his bitter tone do not merit a answer . Henry go to the door . weissman follow . weissman ( cont 'd ) wait ! I do not mean that ... Henry ... will I see you later ? ( continued ) ~~ 88 89 95 continued : henry I spend last night stare at the ceiling listen to the rambling of a sleep-talk valet ... I really think I need some rest , do not you ? he go . weissman turn disconsolately back into the room . ivor that 's not like you . do not tell I you be jealous . he 's not in the least interested , you know . he 's just use you . weissman why should not he ? I be use he . it 's a deal and I stick to my deal ... I be just surprised mccordle be right about she , that 's all . ivor I suppose a man know he own wife . besides , she have a point . good-look servant be the best . they do not dine with you friend . int . sylvian bedroom . night . sylvia , dry -ey , lie on she bed as a sniff Lewis go round turn off the light . lewis t’ / will say goodnight then , milady . unless you would like I stay with you ? Lewis go . sylvia cross to the window . a noise tell she Henry have come in . he stand , hesitate to speak . sylvia what be it ? please tell I you have not come with condolence . she look very beautiful and he be reluctant to jeopardise he fun . henry no , I - I be just wonder if you want some company . he be Scottish again . she stare at he steadily for a moment before she answer ( continued ) 89 90 96 continued : sylvia well ... after all , I suppose life must go on . int , library . night . probert be in tear . dexter be sympathetic . Thompson be rather embarrassed , thompson try and pull yourself together , Mr probert . I know it 's hard but iff you could be patient . they 'il be here any minute ... probert could not I just make he comfortable , sir ? please ? William , he face crush into he tool collection , do look very uncomfortable in he present position . probert 's grief have bring ivor and weissman to the door . ivor come on , Inspector dexter it would not be wise , sir . and it 's not long to wai - thompson oh , very well . I do not suppose it can do any harm . probert take hold of the dead man 's shoulder . be there a moment of tenderness ? he give a cry and the body fall back . as William 's arm flop open and he head drop back , mouth gape , he chest be reveal . the handle of the knife protrude from it . by this time , weissman have join they . the five live man stare at the dead one . thompson ( cont 'd ) right . well . now you can see why we have the rule .. yes , dexter ? what be ite dexter only that ... there do not seem to be much blood , sir . this be true and Thompson register it . the fact be everything have change . ( continued ) 90 91 92 97 continued : ivor , what happen next ? it 's a good question . ext . gosford park . early morning . the dawn of a new day . a undecorate hearse , laden with a coffin , drive away . the only sign of life be the small dog watch sadly from the step . int . kitchen . early morning . the scullery may blow on the range fire , try to get it go . bertha be lay out breakfast food . ellen put the silver entrée dish in the warmer . Mrs Croft consult a menu book and write she proposal for the day . pip sniff around . bertha George say Mr novello be in on it . and six William . he say it be a joke on Lady sylvia but I can not see that ... the point be he 's play a butler in the next Charlie Chan and he want to make it authentic . ellen well , he have better not model he performance on Mr jenning or they will think he 's as stiff as a board . they laughter be still as Thompson 's head look round the door . they all freeze , watch he . at first he face the wrong way and so the room must appear empty to he . then ellen giggle and he spin round , stand and enter . dexter be with he . ' thompson ah ... Mrs Croft ? I wonder if you could spare a few minute . my name 's Inspector thomp — mrs croft I have no time for this now . I be just do the breakfast ... thompson it will not take long . be there somewhere we could go ? they be still clean upstairs ... you can manage without she , I dare say ? ( continued ) 92 928 93 93a 94 98 continued : if this be a pleasantry , it fall on deaf ear . the other just watch he . mrs croft well .. I suppose you would better come in here . bertha , I be leave you in charge . mind you see the menus go up on she ladyship 's tray . and get that filthy dog out of here omitted omitted int . mrs croft 's room . day mx Croft have ushere Thompson into a cosy , little room at the back . he glance at a old tinted photograph of a baby in blue ribbon on she desk . thompson my word , but you have a bonny lad there . what 's he up to this day ? mrs croft he 's dead . once again , he jocularity have fail . he smile nervously . Mrs Croft be quite cold . mrs croft ( cont 'd ) I do not know what I can tell you . should not you be look for sign of a break - in ? thompson I gather there 's no one here who 's work for Sir William longer than you have .. sad day ... int . trentham bedroom . day . Mary pour tea . on the tray , as we see in 92a be a dish of slice cucumber mary but why one of the knife from the silver pantry ? do not make sense . ( continued } 94 940 continued : she take 99 constance he must have forget to bring one . and when you think what they have to carry about , all that gemmy and torch and skeleton key ... it 's a miracle anyone ever get burgle at all , it 's worse than shoot . anyway , it be not in the silver pantry . it 's be miss since last night . obviously , William have take it and when the fellow surprised he , there it be on the table as handy as you like .. by the way , be any of the other get up for breakfast ? the woman , I mean . mary I think Lady lavinia may be . constance that settles it . come back at half past eight and I ’11l get dress . the great bore of course but I do not want to miss anything . two of the slice of cucumber , lay they on she eye and lie back int . isobel ‘s bedroom . day . isobel , in night thing , be discuss it all with elsie who be now in civilian clothes . tsobel but..do they know where he get in ? do he take anything ? elsie no , but .. I s’pose he run for it .. when he see what he have do ... be you go to be o.k .? there be a knock . elsie duck behind the door as it open on dorothy . dorothy I wonder if you need anything , miss ... isobel if you could just get a bath ready for I ... ( continued } 100 94r continued : the may nod and close the door . isobel go to a drawer and fetch a envelope . isobel ( cont 'd ) when I come up last night I find this on my dress - table . elsie what be it ? isobel hand it over . elsie ( cont 'd ) ' this be you final warning . if I have not receive a offer from you father by luncheon tomorrow , I will tell he everything . freddie . 's stupid idiot . at least he 's off you back . that 's something . he 's get no one to tell now . at least , no one who would give he a job to shut he up isobel you can not be sure . he might tell rupert just for the fun of it .. no @ doubt I will hear from he soon enough . the girl shrug , limp with misery . elsie I no better be off . I might not see you again . I be only stay ' till the police give the nod . isobel you be not in any .. difficulty , be you ? elsie other than have no job and no home , you mean ? she relent , lightly stroking she stomach . isobel , after all , have do she no harm . elsie ( cont 'd ) no . no worry there . isobel I be forget . you be much cleverer than I be . e@ 101 95 omitted 96 int . brush room . day . Mary and Renee be work on some tweed when Robert walk in carry he employer 's tweed suit . mary I do not know why we be bother . they be bound to cancel the shoot today . ROBERT why ? the other be silence for a moment by he response . then : mary tt wonder what Lady sylvia will do now renee if I be she , I would go to London . set up as a glamorous widow with all the gentleman chase I for my money . C ROBERT not I . I grow up in London . mary be that where the orphanage be ? ROBERT on the edge . isleworth . mary and you do not get homesick ? ROBERT I do not think you be homesick if you have never have a home ... have you hear about Mr weissman 's valet ? renee what about he ? ROBERT turn out he 's a fraud . he be not Scottish at all . mary X could have tell you that . who be he , ww then ? ( continued ) 102 96 continued : a horrible think strike she . mary ( cont 'd ) you do not think he 's the murderer , do you ? ROBERT worse than that . he 's a actor . mrs wilson you breakfast be ready in the servant ' Hall . after that the water should be hot enough for the bath . how long have she be listen ? 97 int . upstair hall and corridor . day . weigsman be on the telephone which Thompson want . jenning be with they . thompson I be afraid I must insist .. weissman I 'il have to call you back . do not go to sleep . dexter it might be more sensible if I drive you down to the village , sir . thompson thank you , dexter . I know what I be do . this really be the only one , be it ? he be very important as he consider the expose position of the implement . jenning there 's a extension in the servant 's quarter . if you would rather use that . thompson I do not think so , thank you . weissman how long be you go to be ? ( continued ) 97 98 103 continued : thompson I have no idea .. hello ? yes , I want to place a trunk call . to London . the camera move away from he into a side corridor where Sarah stand listen . int . gallery . day . Sarah , Renee and barne , carry towel and bag be queuing at a door . renee you listen to the Inspector on the telephone ? that 's disgusting sarah Z could not help it . I be just crossing the hall . barne so ? what be he say ? renee do not tell we . I do not want to know . it 's eavesdropp . but hers be not the consensus . and , at last , even Renee must admit she be curious . renee ( cont 'd ) oh , go on , then . sarah well . he be talk to a lawyer in London , and it sound to I as if Sir William have decide to change he — the door open and isobel mccordle appear . the sight of she silence they . sarah ( cont 'd ) I hope we do not disturb you , miss .. we be ever so sorry about ... isobel just nod and hurry away . barne be start to rinse and prepare the bath , when he see Renee look at she watch . barne what 's the matter ? be yours ina hurry ? y'can go before I if you like . ( continued ) 104 98 continued : renee that 's very kind . be you sure ? wo not Commander meredith mind ? barne sod he . let he wait . I do not care . renee well , Sarah ? do not keep we in suspense . Sarah continue to relay she finding as , a little way down the gallery , Lewis listen with interest . 99 int . nesbitt bedroom . day . dorethy have bring mabel 's breakfast tray as freddie come in finish he tie . freddie where 's that George ? really , the slight upset and this fellow go completely to piece . how be I suppose to manage ? mabel do not talk nonsense , you dress at home without any help . freddie well , I certainly never get any help from you . mabel pay no attention . he 's in a bait and I know why . she give dorothy a friendly wink , 100 int . gallery / upstair hall and corridor May pass with she box as the meredith emerge . they start down the stair as barne come out of they room , just in time to hear what Anthony be say . ANTHONY there be one thing : the bastard 's death may have save my bacon . lavinia for God 's sake be quiet . what be the matter with you ? ( continued ) 100 101 105 continued : barne 's face assume a look of power . he make a v-sign at Anthony 's back . as the meredith reach the hall , Janet walk past weissman who be on the telephone . weissman I know what time it be there .. of course I want you to wake he up . how else would you suggest I talk to he ..? be that you ? well .. what do he say ? Clara bow ? you be not serious . he want to try that again ! the meredith and Janet go towards the dining - room as Arthur arrive from downstairs carry a entrée dish and open the door . int . dine -room . day . rupert , Jeremy and Raymond be eat while jenning stand by . constance , choose she food , look up as the meredith come in . the man read newspaper - constance good morning , dear . have you hear ? too tiresome . that frightful inspector will not let anyone leave ! so we be to be treat to another day of Mr weissman shouting down the telephone . tvor he have a problem with he work in Los Angeles , I be afraid . constance well , he conduct he business very oddly . come down stair just now , I think I have be transport to a bar in marseille . ivor do not contradict which be the right way to handle she . constance ( cont 'd ) I gather they carte poor William off this morning . so strange and sad . will they want to delay the funeral ? I do hope it 's not next week . I be mean to be with the de 1 's isle and I be so look forward to it . ivor you must try not to upset yourself . ( continued } 106 101 continued : Anthony and Raymond laugh which earn they a black look . weissman come in . weissman I have a call come through and I want to take it no matter what . jenning very good , sir . weissman now , could I have some egg and be there any tomato ? jenning of course , sir . or perhaps you no like to come and choose for yourself , weissman oh ? what ? cafeteria style ? at this , Raymond look up from the paper he be read as he eat raymond a englishman be never wait on at breakfast . weissman well , that 's interesting because a american be . he stand and go to the sideboard , Thompson look in , as gauche as ever . thompson ah. good . tell I , will Lady sylvia be down soon ? constance I should not think so . she have breakfast in she room and then she usually go for a ride . thompson possibly . but I doubt she will this morning . he be very assure but they expression tell we that they do not agree {continued ) 101 102 107 continued : ( 2 ) thompson ( cont 'd ) in that case .. Lady trentham , I wonder if I might have a few word ? we be in the library . whenever you nre ready . constance if you wish , Inspector . I be afraid I will not be much help ... but I suppose on a day like this we all have to pull we weight . the door open and isobel enter . her black frock and air of sadness cast a pall on the room . rupert jump up to help she with breakfast and Jeremy look on . ext . kitchen court . day . Robert be emerge from the laundry . in one corner of the yard be a game larder . ellen be there hold some bird and bertha come out with more . she nod at Robert . ROBERT do you want a hand ? he relieve she of some of the bird as pip jump up at they . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) get away ! ugh . this smell as if they could walk in on they own . I do not know how they can eat they like that . ellen you hear Mr Denton 's make a right chump out of Mr jenning bertha never mind that . what about Sir William ? apparently he be not stab after all . I mean he be but that 's not why he die .. he be poison that 's what kill he . the Inspector tell Mrs Croft . they do not know why the killer stab he as well but he must have be dead already . that 's why there be no blood . Dead body do not bleed , you know . Robert look at she . she 's awfully proud to have the fact . ellen burst out laugh . ( continued ) 108 102 continued : ellen trust Sir William to be murder twice . 103 int . butler' pantry . day . George and Arthur , supervise by jenning , clean the huge centrepiece with various tool . among this , one jar be label poison . probert watch but do not help arthur do he say anything about change he will , Mr probert ? probert not in so many word ... they all look at the valet . clearly he do know something whatever he say . probert ( cont 'd ) well , I remember he look at a picture of she ladyship a week or two age ... the one on the tallboy in he dress - room where she 's laugh ... anyway , he say ‘her nose be due for re-setting 's and I say ' why 's and he say ' cos it 's about to go out of joint . 's arthur except it be not . GEORGE exactly . arthur why do you think he be murder , Mr jenning ? jenning do not talk nonsense . of course he be not murder ! not like that . some ruffian break in , think the library be empty , Sir William surprised he and pay the price for it . and very tragic it be , too . {continued} c 103 104 109 continued : GEORGE I can not see that , Mr jenning . I mean , I do not think ruffian go about poisoning people and then stabbing they corpse . apart from anything else , they be usually in a bit of a hurry . jenning what be you suggest ? GEORGE i'm not suggest anything . just . jenning just what ? GEORGE well , it look to I like Sir William be kill by someone who mean to do it . that 's all . no wonder they will not let anyone leave . tough luck on whoever 's get any secret to hide . jenning if you can only talk rubbish , George , I suggest you do not talk at all . George 's tone be almost jocular . jenning 's be not . George catch Arthur 's eye . int . kitchen . day . Mrs Croft be in the kitchen with the other . mrs croft right . they have cancel the shoot so muggins here 's get to pull a dining - xoom luncheon for God know how many out of the hat ... be she ladyship back yet ? bertha no mrs croft then she will have to take what she 's give . ethel I dunno .. why would anyone want to kill Sir William ? ( continued ) 104 continued : this get 110 mrs croft well he be not Father Christmas . the attention of all the girl which she shrug off . mrs croft ( cont 'd ) he make a few enemy in he time . lottie what d' you mean , " enemy " ? when ? bertha be this before the war ? when you be a factory worker ? mrs croft Excuse I , I be not a factory worker . I be never a factory worker . I be a cook in one of he factory . he have four , two in isleworth and two in twickenham . and all full of girl so you can imagine ... ellen but be not it risky ? with factory girl ? suppose they have complain ? mrs croft who to , exactly ? bertha but suppose they get ...? maud get what ? mrs croft I do not know why you be look so shocked . do not happen that often but if it do , he would arrange a adoption . bertha but if you do not want it adopt ? té you want to keep it ? mrs croft then you lose you job . kicked out . you take my word for it . he be a hard - heart randy old sod . ellen so the business with elsie ... ( continued ) 104 105 iil continued : ( 2 ) mrs croft just show a leopard never change he spot . now come on the rest of you . just because Sir William 's die do not mean the clock 's stop . ext . kitchen court . day . Lewis stand in the back entrance watch as she mistress canter into the yard . to the may 's surprise , Raymond step out of the shadow . he hurry to sylvia as she dismount . we can only just hear that sylvia be indignant . '' why should not I ? I want some air . '' Raymond appear to be remonstrate as soon as the groom lead the horse away . drawn by curiosity , Lewis edge nearer until she be within earshot . raymond they seem to be ask a whole lot of question about thing that can not possibly have anything to do with William 's death ... and I think ... he hesitates , notice the approach may . sylvia never mind Lewis . the seal of the confessional 's get nothing on she . have it , Lewis ? lewis I should hope not , milady . sylvia smile at she indignation , address Raymond in a stage whisper . sylvia she 's rather anti-catholic ... so ? raymond it 's only that the police seem to be rake about , look for they grubby motive , and I do not want they muddle with with silly tale from the distant past ... sylvia but darling , you be quite safe . I be sure it 's not illegal . even for someone who do it as badly as you do . ( continued ) 112 105 continued : she share this with Lewis who , despite the personal morality of a carmelite nun , delight in she mistress 's defeat of a mere man . raymond that 's exactly what I be talk about . you say thing to be funny that can not be unsaid ... and it 's not important . sylvia but be not it for they to say what 's important and what be not ? yes , Lewis ? what be it ? lewis the Inspector 's be ask for you , milady , and I want you to know ... he 's be talk to the lawyer in London ... sylvia have he , indeed ? well , he ’1ll have to wait . I want a bath . who 's in the fire line at the moment ? lewis I think Lady trentham 's in the library just now , milady . sylvia God help they . 106 int . library . day . Mary be by the. door . Thompson have be talk to constance . dexter be a observer . thompson bh , come in miss maceachhh ... er.. I be Inspector thomp — constance there you be , Mary . this be all too tiresome and absurd . they be make the great fuss over — thompson if you do not mind — I have some question I no like to ask the young lady . ( continued } 113 106 continued : constance well , I be certainly not leave if that 's what you think . Thompson look to dexter . this be just the kind of woman he could do without . thompson would it bother you if Lady trentham stay ? mary why should it ? thompson no reason . only ... we understand that there may have be some difficulty between the late Sir William mccordle and you employer — constance really , this be too vulgar almost to be believe — mary I be not aware of that , sir . they get on well as far as I could see . constance relax with a superior smile at Thompson as he flail about . thompson so you be not conscious of any trouble over a allowance ? a allowance , I might add , that Sir William 's death have now make secure . mary what sort of a allowance would that be , six ? constance regards the girl with far more interest than she have ever do before . 107 int . ironing and sewing room . day . dorothy be mend a black dress . she look up . jenning be in the doorway . jenning I wonder who be in here . I hope you have get enough light for that . ( more ) ( continued ) 107 continued : ii4 jenning ( cont 'd ) Black on black , do not want you go blind on top of everything else . dorothy miss isobel 's only get two black frock and this one 's tear . jenning I be sorry the business with elsie 's land you with so much work . that 's what you get for be so reliable . this comment , simply mean , light a fire in dorothy 's soul . dorothy never mind I .. have you speak to the police again ? jenning not yet . dorothy I suppose they have to ask they question . jenning oh yes ... dorothy will they be talk to all of we ? jenning I should not think so ... well , I will leave you to it . I could ask miss Lewis to give you a hand with that if you like ... plainly he be distract with some sort of worry . she look at he tenderly . dorothy no need . it 's nearly do .. Mr jenning .. you know I no say anything you want I to . jenning what ? dorothy anything at all . I do not care what I tell they . if it will help . you know that , do not you ? you have only to ask ( continued ) 107 108 109 115 continued : ( 2 ) her face have never be more suffuse with feel . jenning be horrify to be confront with this unwanted declaration of Love . int . library . day George be arrange tea on a table for Thompson , dexter and sylvia . thompson no . the point I be try to make be only that if he have sign it , then you position would have be quite alter . sylvia I suppose so . but he do not . thompson precisely .. May I pour you some tea ? in he brain , he be poirot as he reach down and pick up the milk jug . sylvia how kind you be . but could you bear to put my milk in afterwards ? she smile , enjoy he gaffe as he clumsily replace the jug and pick up the pot int , jenning 's room . day . gather at the door , the servant listen to jenning . jenning t assume , by this time , you all know that Mr Denton have play a trick on we in pose as a valet . since Sir William be aware of the plan , it be not for I , or any of you , to criticise it . however , it leave we with a few adjustment to make for this evening . Arthur , you can take over dress Mr weissman . which leave we with the problem of Mr novello . I really do not want to ask Mr probert . arthur I do not mind , Mr jenning . ( continued } 116 109 continued : jenning no , you have get enough on you plate . Arthur 's hope be dash again . Robert look up . ROBERT I will do he if you like . jenning that 's very generous of you , Mr stockbridge . otherwise , I could always do he , myself . ROBERT no , no . it 's no trouble . it 's only for a night or two . jenning good . that 's settle then . and I think Mr Denton can dress himself . thank you all . you can go with Lewis mutter ' cheeky beggar , 's they file out leave only probert and Mrs Wilson . jenning go to a table where he have a bottle of port , a decanter , a glass and a funnel . he start to open and then taste and decant the port with care . jenning ( cont 'd ) I be give they a glass of the 1912 tonight . they 's 1 ] l need a bit of cheer up . mrs wilson what about you , Mr probert ? how be you get on ? have you make any plan yet ? probert I think I x11 go to my sister 's for a week or two . sort something out . I have a idea she and I might open a little hotel together , well , a B and B really . we have talk about it and this might be the moment ... mrs wilson what ? you mean you will not stay on in service ? I be surprised . ( continued } 109 110 17 continued : ( 2 ) jenning be you Mrs Wilson ? when every day one read of another house sell as a school or demolish to make way for a hospital ? maybe Mr probert 's right . maybe we be nothing but a race of dinosaur ... he smile sadly at he little joke . his next word confirm this be the end of a era . jenning ( cont 'd ) as a matter of fact , I too may be leave here soon . mrs wilson it very much hope not . jenning I too . I too .. but one be not always in control of this thing .. and please do not concern yourself . believe I , I have fully deserve whatever come . mrs wilson there be worse people than you in this house . int . boot room . day . Robert and Mary be clean evening shoe . they wear apron and glove . ROBERT certainly they will give she a good reference . otherwise they would have to explain why they be give she a bad one . this make she smile . she get she nerve up . mary mx Parks - ROBERT Robert . she be tear between pleasure at this mark of he regard and the question that 's be troubling she . ( continued ) 110 dai 118 continued : mary Robert , then ... it 's just ... when you say , last night , that you would surprise I ... you do not mean anything by it , do you ? ROBERT what do you think ? mary do not frighten I . ROBERT why ? do not you like surprise ? ROBERT ( cont 'd ) better get crack . I have get two grow man to dress . he stand , take off the apron . then he reach out and give a soft pinch to she cheek . int . library / upstair hall and corridor . day . barne , the valet , be be question . thompson ( vo ) ' the bastard 's death may have save my bacon ... '' what do you think he mean by that ? barne be not it obvious ? nothing be obvious to Thompson . ' thompson be it ? dexter perhaps he mean that the investment Sir William have agree would have to be pay now . by the executor or who - ' thompson what about the low shot that be fire when they be out that morning ? do you think it might have be intend for Sir William ? barne well , it nearly take he ear off . ( continued } 119 lil continued : thompson thank you , Mr barne . you nve be very helpful . now , perhaps you would ask Captain meredith to join we . barne you will not ... tell he what I say , will you , Inspector — ? thompson Thompson . my name be Inspector Thompson . now please fetch he down . barne , slightly unnerve by the anger he have release , retreat . as he close the door , we can hear weissman on the telephone . barne walk past he through the hall . weissman you tell I : who be Ray milland ? o.k. but no Clara bow , no Janet gaynor . tell he i’1l sign milland if we can be free of the un-dead .. no , the study be fine . no the shoot - out in the study be fine . yes , I be sure . Philip may be write it but I be live it . the stable ? why would anyone be murder in the stable ?.. what be it with sheehan and this fuck horse ? 1l2 int . kitchen corridor . eve . George be smoking and gossipe with Arthur . nearby May and Janet be unload coal scuttle full of a mixture of coal and debris from the upstairs fire . the man make no effort to help . elsie pssst ! they look up . elsie be above they on the stair . again , she be wear she own clothes . GEORGE they x11 be come in a minute . the dress bell 's just go . elsie I be go mad up there .. I have read all I magazine twice over .. you could not pinch one from the library , could you ? I do not care if it 's " horse and hound " so long as I have not read it . ( continued ) 120 112 continued : Renee , Sarah , barne , Mary and Robert be in the corridor , carry bit of clothing . renee what 's yours wear ? we have only get dark green .. sarah I do not think mine 's bother . she have not get any black here , anyway . mary funny lot , be not they ? when you think about it . change for dinner on a day like this — she break off as Henry Denton appear , behind elsie , on the stair . there be a pause . barne well . we be honoure . in case you have forget , this be the servant 's area . six . your be on the other side of the door at the top , there . Sir . henry it be just .. I want to explain . GEORGE no explanation 's necessary , Mr Denton , now if you 's 11l excuse we , we have work to do . come on , Arthur . the footmen take the scuttle and go . the other push past he . Robert be the last . henry Robert , surely ... it be just a laugh ... ROBERT then perhaps you would better enjoy you laugh in the drawing~room , sir . he speak without malice but , have speak , he too be go . elsie speak . elste they be afraid you ’11l repeat thing . that you will not be discreet . ( continued ) 121 112 continued : ( 2 ) henry but I be very discreet . that 's what I be kmown for . my discretion . elsie you never give up , do you ? 113 int . gallery . eve . Robert be walk down the gallery . he hear voice come from a open doorway . isobel you can tell he but he will not give you any money ... and mummy would not pay five pound to save I from the gallow freddie do not keep talk as if I be enjoy this . what I want be a job ... as Robert reach they , by isobel 's door , they be silent . then , after he have pass : isobel my chequebook 's in the library . I will do it after dinner . freddie leave as Robert be hail by Raymond at the far end of the gallery . before the valet can reach he , Raymond see Anthony approach , look haggard . raymond you look as if you have have rather a pasting . ANTHONY they keep on and on about that low shot yesterday ... they would not let it go . I tell they it be nothing to do with I . raymond I be sure you do . but another time , Anthony , try to be less greedy . before Anthony can protest , Raymond address Robert who 's nearly reach they . ( continued ) 122 113 continued : raymond ( cont 'd ) ah , Parks . can you see to Mr novelio first ? I want to have a word with she ladyship . with a quick " very good , m'lord " , Robert move off . Anthony have be hover , try to get a word in . ANTHONY Raymond , I do not know why you - raymond I see you . of course it be a accident . when a man 's as short as you be , it must be hard to gauge the height of the bird . but , next time , do be more careful . please . his tone be quite dismissive as he go into the room and shut the door , leave Anthony completely humiliate in front of the valet . 114 int . trentham bedroom , eve . constance be finish she toilet with Mary 's help mary you hear he be cut Lady sylvia out in favour of miss isobel ? constance that 's nothing . wait for this ... in the new will he no leave Lady stockbridge a hundred thousand pound . can you imagine ? sylvia think it 's a huge joke . particularly since she will not have to pay it . mary but be they ...? constance well , as the say go , the time to make up you mind about people be never ... which remind I , I have not compliment you on how you manage that horrible little man in the library .. I have be think , Mary . you be not a trainee any more . it 's time you salary reflect you skill . we will talk about it when we get home . ( continued ) 114 115 116 123 continued : the power balance , between this two have be quite alter by the last 24 hour . int . novello bedroom / gallery . eve . Robert crouch on the floor hold a shoe horn inside the back of a pair of evening pump as a black - sock foot enter the frame and be guide into the shoe . ivor ( vo ) he be a odd mixture . better and worse than people think he . it 's strange but he always seem to I the luckiest man I would ever meet .. until now . I wonder what he star sign be Robert stand and start to brush ivor 's tail . he speak without think . ROBERT Gemini , sir . ivor how on earth do you know that ? Robert pick up two shirt and some underwear . ROBERT I think I have better have this wash , sir . they still will not say how long you be go to be here . int . stockbridge bedroom . day . with a swift know , Renee opne the door . a savage row be in progress . raymond do not lie to I , you bitch ! suddenly they be aware of the may . there be a freeze moment . until : renee Lady lavinia will not be in black , milady . so we should be all right . but we ought to get start ... with a supreme effort , Raymond regains control . he walk to the door . {continued ) 116 117 continued : 124 raymond we will talk about it later . louisa if you like . I have get nothing else to say . raymond I just want you to be honest with I . louisa do you Raymond ? and suppose I want you to be honest with I ? int . servant 's hall . eve . barne , probert and the other valet and lady 's relax . the boy be wiping down the table after the servant 's dinner . jenning look in . jenning you do not know where Commander meredith might have get to , do you ? barne no. jenning only he 's never come downstairs and he 's not in he room . barne Mr. jenning , I have wash he and dress he , if he can not find he way to the draw room , it 's not my fault . jenning well , we can not delay dinner much longer . barne then he all have to go hungry , win /ot he ? the other be tear between shock and amusement . to barne 's chair and he savagely kick he away . at jenning and raise he brow . maid be pip wander up probert look 118 125 int . still room . night . dorothy come in with a tray of thing for the morning . she start . sitting alone in the darkness , be Anthony meredith . he be in evening dress . dorothy I '' sorry , sir . I do not mean to disturb you .. ANTHONY no , no . please .. come in .. I be afraid I be in you way .. dorothy no .. it 's no bother ... be you all right , sir ? ANTHONY I have be question by the Inspector ... I feel a little bruise . he glance out of the dark window . when he speak , he do not turn to she . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) why be it , would you say , that some people seem to get whatever they want in life ? everything they touch turn to gold . while other can strive and strive ... and have nothing . he look across with a face devoid of hope . still she stand , listen . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) I wonder ... do you believe in luck ? do you think some man be lucky and some just .. be not , and there 's nothing they can do about it ? dorothy ponder for a moment . of course he have ask she own question . dorothy I believe in love . not just get it .. give it . I think as long as you can love somebody , whether or not they love you , then it 's worth it . for a moment the defeat duo look at each other . the master and the maid . he nod . {continued ) 126 118 continued : ANTHONY good answer ... I would better go up . they must have finish dinner by now ... thank you ... he be go . 113 int . drawing -room . night . the mood be subdued . constance , louisa , lavinia and Raymond be play bridge . George take the coffee tray to isobel and rupert at one end of the room . isobel i£ only I could believe you ... rupert I wish you would . George move on to sylvia who be read a magazine . Henry sit near she . henry there 's a article in that on blenheim . be you interested in e@ house ? sylvia not very . she answer without look up . behind , ivor play '' keep the Home fire Burning '' . mabel oh , how that tune use to make I cry . turn to say this , she eye be catch by isobel hand something to freddie by the door . louisa speak from the card table as she take a drink from jenning . louisa could not you play something a little more cheerful , Mr novello ? we nre all quite emotional enough as it be . ivor oblige , move into waltz time . weissman lean over to he as jenning arrive . weissman that 's if they have emotion . @ ( continued ) 119 127 continued : ivor you be too hard on they . do not you agree , jenning ? jenning six ? ivor Mr weissman be criticise the aristocracy but he would not if he have be here during the war , would he , instead of lazing about in California ? we admire they stiff upper lip then , do not we , jenning ? jenning much more than I realise at the time , sir . his voice be choke with emotion . surprise at the intensity he have provoke , ivor nod at weissman with raise brow . ivor see . mabel and freddie be talk softly as jenning arrive back at the drink table mabel what be isobel give you just now ? freddie I do not know what you mean . she hold out she hand as Anthony enter . sylvia look up and return to she read louisa Anthony . there you be . where have you be ? you be too late for dinner but I be sure they can bring you a tray if you be hungry . ANTHONY no . I do not want anything , thank you ... lavinia isobel , come and take over will you ? as she go to Anthony , Henry jump up . George have tip a coffee pot over he . {continued ) 119 120 128 continued : ( 2 ) GEORGE I do apologise , six . I can not think how that happen . int , servant 's hall . night . a wireless play music . Arthur be practise dance step with ellen . Mary and Robert listen while dexter drink tea . Lewis mend lace , Sarah and Renee sew by the fire . bertha be scraping out scallop shell with a wire brush . barne read . probert have a leather collar box and he be sorting collar imto size . pip hover . bertha what ' 's the point of that , Mr probert ? wo not it all be chuck out ? probert I will know I have leave it in good order . tt 's all I can do for he now . ROBERT leave he alone . barne glance at bertha scraping away as Mrs Wilson look in . barne I wish you have stop that . it 's make my tooth go funny . bertha ioca not help that . put that dog out someone . mrs wilson constable , I be glad I have catch you . I be assume that the Inspector will not keep everyone beyond tomorrow but it think I have check with you . dexter well.we have not speak to all the serv Thompson look in . thompson there you be , dexter . come along . we be go home . ( continued ) 4120 121 122 123 129 continued : mrs wilson I be just ask the constable how long we guest will be stay . only Mrs Croft have the meal to arrange and one of the housemaid be anxious to get away thompson oh that will be all right . I be not bother about the servant . just the people who might have have a real connection with the dead man . the other watch Mrs Wilson . they be interested to see how she answer . mrs wilson I see ... yes , I suppose you would be . thompson still , I think they can go home . we have get they address after all . dexter will come in tomorrow to confirm it . but do not worry ... it will not end there . I will £ind he . whoever he be . I always do . he leave . before dexter can follow he , bertha speak . bertha do he ? dexter hesitates . dexter it 's be know . omitted omitted int . ironing and sewing room . night . George enter . there be a sound of scuffling . he turn on the light . bertha be on the floor with Jeremy blond . in silence the latter stand , tucking in he shirt and fasten he fly button . he refuse to make the smallest gesture of embarrassment . GEORGE right . beg you pardon , sir . I be just collect Mr Nesbitt 's shirt . ( continued } 130 123 continued : without a word , Jeremy leave . George look at bertha . after a moment , they both dissolve into giggle . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you naughty , naughty girl . bertha poor bloke . we be in ‘ere on Tuesday and one of the visit maid walk in . he must think I do it on purpose . she go to the door as George be take some shirt from one of the great cupboard . bertha ( cont 'd ) you will not tell , will you ? GEORGE two not tell . but you be lucky your're in the kitchen and not under Mrs Wilson . she would sniff it out without any help from I . 124 int . sylvia 's bedroom . night . Lewis be settling sylvia for the night when they both hear the @ door open . Henry stand there . sylvia continue to read she book . Lewis take she cue . lewis will that be all , milady ? sylvia do not go , Lewis . there 's no need . she ignore the hapless Henry until he be provoke into something like anger . henry T just do not see what 's change ! sylvia at last take she eye from the page . sylvia then you be a fool as well as a liar . 124a int . still room . night dorothy be wiping the surface at the end of a long day . Mrs Wilson look in . { continued } 124a 125 126 127 132 continued : mrs wilson quickly . I need you help . int . servant ' hall . night . the room be dark . the sole occupant , jenning , be slump onto the central table . a glass and a empty bottle be near he hand . Mrs Wilson and dorothy hurry in . mrs wilson we have to get he to he own room . nobody must see he like this . dorothy do not you worry , Mr jenning . everything 's all right . with a massive effort , they get he upright and half walk , half drag he to the door . int . jenning 's bedroom . night the two woman , seriously disshevelle by they effort , struggle in with the nearly unconscious man . they dump he onto the bed and set to work . mrs wilson take he shoe off while I loosen he collar .. there . now go to bed and do not say anything about this . derothy kiss she finger and secretly press it to the forehead of the sleep man . int . elsie 's attic room . night . Mary be in bed . her valise be open on the chest . she be watch while elsie pack a batter case which be on she bed . elsie so George get he own back on Mr Denton . good . mary he give I the creep . there be a light knock and isobel enter . isobel you be still here then . ( continued ) 132 127 continued : elsie only ' till the morning . isobel nod . she hesitates to speak look at Mary . elsie ( cont 'd ) do not worry about she . what be it ? isobel I ... Z think you would like to know that mabel Nesbitt leave this on my dress ~ table ... I think it 's over she hand elsie a envelope with the tear cheque and a note . elsie nod , pleased . isobel ( cont 'd ) and I just want to be certain ... you never do speak to daddy about it that night ? about freddie and everything ? elsie I tell you . I never have a moment ... tsobel no , I be glad ... that he be not bother with it before he ... well ... I suppose I would better go ... good luck , elsie . elsie good luck to you , miss . a thoughtful elsie hold the door as tsobel slip away . Mary look curiously at she companion . elsie ( cont 'd ) do not ask . mary do you think Sir William be in love with you ? elsie Nah , I be a bit of fun , that 's all . mary what about you ? elsie d not love he but .. I do not mind I like the way he have talk . ( more ) I di ‘im ... ( continued ) 127 128 133 continued : ( 2 ) elsie ( cont 'd ) he only talk to I ' cos he be sick of ‘er but it like it . he use to tell I I could be anything I want ... if I want it enough ... mary you be not sorry , then . even with the way it 's turn out . elsie no. I be not sorry ... it 's time for a change . who know ? might be the make of I . what be it 'o use to say ? carpe diem . sieze the day . this strike a chord with Mary . she get out of bed and put on she dress - gown . elsie ( cont 'd ) what 's up ? what have I say ? where be you off to ? int . robert attic room . night . Robert be sit on he bed . the door open . it be Mary . he be dumbfounded ROBERT what be you do here ? but she be silent , tremble in she sad little , candlewick dress ~ gown . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) you would better get back to you room . they must not find you up here . for a moment , she cannot decide if she want to put the next question . mary you do not really dislike he , do you ..? not really ..? at least ... not enough to kill he .. but he say nothing . her eye fill . mary ( cont 'd ) you can not have ! you do not know he ! you would have to hate he and why would you ? {continued ) 134 128 continued : she be so desperate that he should not be guilty . Robert 's eye meet hers ROBERT can not a man hate he own father ? Mary could scarcely be more shocked if he have hit she . she stare at he , ROBERT ( cont 'd ) Sir William mccordle be my father . he do not know it . but he be . mary but .. you say you be a orphan . ROBERT I say I grow up in a orphanage . now he decide to tell a little bit of the truth . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) not long before I leave , a group of we get into the warden 's office one night . we unpick the lock and take out we file . it be a prank , really . I do not expect any shocking discovery , just a birth certificate with my mother 's name and ' father unknown ' . this picture be with it . she take the picture and study it . mary but how do Sir William come into it ? ROBERT they have my admission form . I be two day old . guess who bring I to the door . mary but that do not mean — ROBERT yes it do . after that , I find out . she be a factory worker . she be not the only one .. either the authority do not know or they do not want to know . they take the baby and they take he donation . ( continued } 135 128 continued : ( 2 ) mary what happen to she ? ROBERT I ask they once . she die . when I be little .. I always say she die of a break heart but it be probably cyrrosis of the liver ... '' Broken heart '' sound a bit nicer , do not you think ? mary be that why you take the job with Lord stockbridge ? to get to Sir William ? to poison he ? ROBERT I do not poison he . mary what ? ROBERT I do not poison he . ( this be wonderful news . mary but then you do not kill he ... tell I you do not stab he either . at this he be silent . nevertheless it be still good news . mary ( cont 'd ) I know you do not . I be sure you do not ... even if you do , that do not kill he . and whoever do it know that . no one could stab a corpse and not know it . ROBERT be that right ? when do you last stab a corpse ? mary but ... who really murder he ? ROBERT T do not know . and I do not care . with that word , she know she theory be correct . the mood have alter between they . he come to she . when he take she in he ad arm , she do not resist he kiss . {continued ) 128 129 130 136 continued : ( 3 ) ROBERT ( cont 'd ) I have be want to do that since I first set eye on you . int . henry 's bedroom . early morning . the morning light glint through the draw curtain . the door open softly and Janet , the little housemaid , wear a long , ' kneel 's apron and carry a bucket of coal tiptoe to the fire . she put on thick , feel glove and set to work . henry ( vo ) who be it ? the voice startles the girl . she turn . he sit up . janet I '' ever so sorry , sir . henry sorry for what ? janet I be suppose to get the fire light without waking you . henry why do everyone treat I as if I be just one of the guest ? I spend half the week downstairs with you all . janet but you can not be on both team at once , sir . henry more 's the pity . he be sad as he watch she light the fire . with a nervous bob , she hurry out . int . mrs croft 's room . day . Mrs Croft be at she desk . bertha look in . bertha it 's official . they be off after breakfast . the constable tell I . mrs croft well , thank God for that . what about he ? ( continued ) 130 a cfo i3l 137 continued : together they look through the glass of Mrs Croft 's office to where dexter hover in the corridor . bertha he 's go too . soon as he 's see Mr jenning ... do you tell they any of that stuff in the end ? mrs croft I do not . I be sorry if I shock you , bertha , but the plain fact be he only get what he deserve . there . I have say ait . bertha I can not stop think about that girl .. the one that get ... you know ... mrs croft I do not wonder at it . the way you carry on . just make sure it never happen to you , my girl . she be severe but not unkind . tt be clear that she know what bertha be up to . bertha but the one who keep they baby ... who would not give they up ... do not he ever let they back ? mrs croft there be one time ... but .. that be because she baby die ... but Mrs Croft have say enough . with a sigh , she stand . it be the beginning of a new work day . mrs croft ( cont 'd ) come on . enough of this gab . let 's get start . she move away from she desk , revealing once more the poignant little tinted photograph of the long - dead , unforgotten infant . int . jenning 's room . day . jenning be bring he cellar list up to date . dexter look in , {continued ) 138 131 continued : dexter we / will be in touch . from now on we will be work from the station . see if we can not manage thing better from there . jenning what about the poison ? have not you trace that , at least ? dexter hardly . this house be a poisoner 's paradise . we find the stuff in practically every room . and unfortunately no one 's get a police record . ' cept you , of course he chuckle but jenning freeze . his worst nightmare be make flesh . jenning what do you intend to do about it ? dexter be genuinely surprised . he no only be josh . dexter what ? you mean — ? nothing . what should we do ? jenning nothing ? dexter Nah . I have a brother who be a conscientious objector . he do a bit of time , too . why ? do not they know ? have not you tell they ? jenning just look at he . dexter ( cont 'd ) T should forget about it . the war 's over . and you be too old to fight in another one . right . better be off . ' bye then , Mr jenning . he be go . a huge , leaden weight slide off the butler 's shoulder . 132 133 139 int . upstair hall and corridor . day . George be carry the nesbitts 's case down the stair . they follow , talk softly . freddie you be a fool . now what be we suppose to do ? mabel oh freddie . do try not to be so frighten all the time . they move off camera as Arthur , climb the stair , take we up to barne whe be carry luggage down with Sarah . behind they be the meredith . ANTHONY I do not know .. I get to the door of the library and then I just think ... what 's the point ..? the truth be , I have make rather a fool of myself lavinia maybe ... but you be my fool . she squeeze he arm as they turn into the entrance hall where jenning be see out the nesbitts and weissman be on the telephone . weissman what do you mean the butler do not do it ? if he do not do it , then who the hell do ? jenning , both wounded and mortally offended by this , hold the door for Anthony and lavinia as the servant take out they thing . weissman ( cont 'd ) what ? be you sure ? when ? check it and call I in London . absently , he give a smile to jenning but the butler only return a hurt glare as Renee pass by . int . stockbridge's bedroom . day . Renee enter . Raymond stand by the window . louisa read a newspaper . she look up . ( continued } 140 133 continued : renee beg pardon , milady , but what be I to do about the pack ? only you say last night that you might be stay on for a while ... louisa do not answer but instead look enquiringly at Raymond . raymond it 's not my decision . louisa on the contrary . it be entirely you decision , she hold he gaze . no arm wrestler in a dock -side pub could be more absorb in they contest of will . it be Raymond 's knuckle which hit the table first . raymond very well . louisa do not say it if you do not mean it . raymond e@ iz do mean it ... I will not mention the subject again . his capitulation be clear : he have purchase a scandal - free zone at the cost of never challenging he wife again over the whole William question , she be content . louisa then thank you , yes , do pack . I will be leave with he lordship after all . 134 int . upstair hall and corridor . day . on the stair , Jeremy and rupert whisper behind Arthur who carry they case . jeremy do you ask she ? rupert not quite jeremy on reflection , I think it 's just as well . e ( more ) {continued ) 134 135 141 continued : jeremy ( cont 'd ) accord to the servant ' hall gossip , she do not get any of the capital until she mother die and if that 's true it 's too long to wait . you can do better . rupert open he mouth to answer but before he can , isobel step round the corner at the base of the staircase . she must have hear . she look carefully at rupert . isobel have you check you room ? you must not leave anything behind int . elsie' attic room . day elsie lie stretch out on she bed , read a film magazine . she be smoking . the door open . it be Mrs Wilson . elsie glance over and then back to she magazine . mrs wilson you know smoking up here be strictly forbidden . elsie take a long , deep drag on she cigarette and blow a smoke ring . mrs wilson ( cont 'd ) the other guest be not leave by train so the luggage car can run you to the station . you will find it outside the front . elsie and that 's it ? mrs wilson let we know where you would like you reference to be send . she be about to go as elsie stand . elsie I do not mean nothing to he , you know . it be never serious ... mrs wilson do it matter ? 142 136 ext . gosford park . day . George and Arthur be load the last thing into Jeremy 's roadster . off screen , the two young man and isobel loiter by the vehicle . isobel ( vo ) no , I should not think of it . I know how you father hate it when someone 's be in the papers and I be afraid I be bound to be . rupert ( vo ) what about January ? when thing have cool off a bit . the footmen come round to open the door make they visible . tsobel let 's play it by ear , shall we ? well , goodbye . and thank you so much for come . I be sorry it 's all be so . , dramatic . before rupert can answer , she have go , across the gravel , @ towards the house . jeremy that be pretty painless . rupert no it be not . in answer to Jeremy 's curious stare , rupert follow isobel with he eye . rupert ( cont 'd ) not for I , anyway . amazing as it would be to isobel , rupert be in love with she . but it will do no good for she will never believe he now . with a sigh , he climb into the car and start it up . 137 int . hall / ext . gosford park . day . as jenning wait by the door , weissman and ivor cross the hall , dress for travel . ivor why ? what 's happen ? ( continued ) 143 137 continued : weissman they have bring in sidney Kent as the new President of the Studio . he like the Chan series and he 's over- rule sheehan . the deadline 's be drop and I can cast whomever I like . panic over . ivor just like that ? what a weird and savage world you live in . they have come out through the front door . Henry be already in they car . pip sit alone and unlove on the step watch as , at the far side of the house , elsie 's case be be put into one of the estate vehicle . Mary be with she mary good luck . do not do anything I would not do . elsie well , at least I know now that give I some room for manocevre . ro to they surprise , weissman hail she from across the forecourt weissman hey ! you there ! where be you go ? elsie to the station . weissman do you want a ride to London ? when she compare the batter farm car to the gleam lagonda , the choice be easy . elsie sure . why not ? with a laugh , she sieze she case and run to the car . as she climb in she be distract for a moment . the head of the unlove pip make a brief appearance from the top of she hold - all . firmly , she push he back and climb into the car . ivor turn to see a look of disapproval on jenning 's face , though he can not know if he see the dog . maybe he do . ivor ( ' I know , jenning ... but do not every creature deserve a second chance ? ( continued ) 144 137 continued : ( 2 ) with a wave , he too climb in and the vehicle move off . 138 int , trentham bedroom . day . Mary be put the last thing in the suitcase , each carefully encase in a layer of tissue paper with crush tissue to ease the fold . constance be in travel clothes . she address two envelope , seal they and leave they on the dress - table . constance honestly , it 's get so expensive . by the time one do jenning , and leave something for the housemaid , one might as well have take a suite at the ritz . tell I , what happen to William 's little may . I never see she again after that dinner . mary she 's go . constance pity really . I should have think it be a good idea to have someone in the house who 's actually sorry he 's dead . @ sylvia look round the door . if she hear she do not show it . or , possibly , care . constance ( cont 'd ) there you be , dear . do you have a nice ride ? sylvia i feel rather guilty . apparently they have all go . except for you and louisa .. but there 's no hurry . why not stay for luncheon ? constance T have better be off . leave you in peace . sylvia , once more in jodphur , sit on the bed near where Mary be pack , idly finger a garment that be wait to go in the case . constance be apply lipstick . constance ( cont 'd ) now you will telephone with the funeral plan ? sylvia e you do not have to come if it 's a bore . ( continued ) 138 145 continued : constance nonsense . of course I be come ... have you decide what you be go to do ? sylvia not really . I think I might travel for a bit .. Amelia northbrook ring up this morning . they have take a house in Alexandria for the winter and she 's give I a open invitation ... constance that sound lovely ... and what about gosford ? sylvia shrug , hold a scarf against herself to test the colour . sylvia I do not know . , William love it , of course . fiddle with he gun ... tramping over he acre ... not kill he pheasant .. poor William . she find another scarf better suite to she colour . constance nod , carefully patting she lipstick dry with a handkerchief she keep for that purpose . constance yes . poor , dear William . we shall miss he .. so will you keep the place go , then ? sylvia it 's so difficult .. I mean , this day , do one want the bother ? it 's not a family house , after all . just buy with William 's ill-gotten gain . I suppose I could shut it up for now and then make a decision when my head stop spin . constance , Mrs Wilson can manage thing until you be ready . sylvia oh yes , she could manage thing . let 's not worry about that .. no doubt she 'il sieze the chance to get rid of the wretch Mrs Croft . { continued ) 138 139 146 continued : ( 2 ) constance why be they such enemy ? sylvia who know ? something to do with when they be both in one of William 's sweat shop . Mrs Croft be the senior then . she be a cook when Mrs Wilson be a lowly factory worker . now she 's go up in the world and Mrs Croft can not adjust . usual rubbish ... constance be there ever a mister Wilson ? I can not imagine it . sylvia nor I . although , funnily enough , I think there must have be . constance really ? you amaze I . sylvia well , unless she just change she name ... I know she have a different one when she first work for William . parker or parkis or something . a miss piece have fall into place for Mary . she shut the case and stand . mary I all go down and fetch the jewel constance tell merriman to come and get the bag . int . mrs wilson 's room . day . Mrs Wilson be make note in a linen book . she put down she pen . mary you be busy . mrs wilson no , no . I be just check the linen rotation . if I leave it to the maid , the same twenty sheet would be use until they fall into rag ... ( continued ) 139 147 continued : she smile she professional smile as she wait for what Mary have to say . mary why do you do it ? Mrs Wilson stand and stroll over to the window , watch the activity outside . mary ( cont 'd ) how do you know it be he ? be it the name ? or do you see the photograph in he room ? mrs wilson ah . the photograph ... what a miracle it survive ... his mother put it in he blanket ... she just want to feel he have something of hers , I suppose ... what do he think happen to she ? mary they say she die . just after he be bear . mrs wilson well she do not die . she give he up . he promise the boy would be adopt . Said he know the family . turn out we all clung to that dream - all we girl . a better chance in life for we child and all the time he be dump they - he child - in some godforsake place ~- and I believe he . maybe it be easier that way . my sister have always hate I for it . mary you sister ? mrs wilson Mrs Croft . do not you know ? she keep hers - not many do , and it be very hard for she . she lose she job and then he die anyway - scarlet fever . mary but how do you know Robert mean to harm he father ? Mrs Wilson look at she for a moment . {continued ) 139 140 continued : there 's a Mary . 148 ( 2 ) mrs wilson what gift do you think a good servant have that mark they apart from the rest ? it be the gift of anticipation . and I be a good servant . I be better than good , I be the best , the perfect servant . I know when they be hungry so the food be wait . I know when they will be tired so the bed be make and warm . I know before they know it themselves . mary will you ever tell he ? mrs wilson why would I ? what purpose could it possibly serve ? mary what if they find out ? mrs wilson it 's not a crime to stab a dead man . they can never touch he , that 's what 's important now , he life . mary and you life ? be not that important ? mrs wilson what do you mean ? do not you hear I ? I be the perfect servant . I have no life . slight knock and George 's head appear . GEORGE her ladyship 's leave now , miss . mrs wilson thank you , George . you should go now , miss trentham . ext . gosford park . day . he speak to in the foreground , Robert and a chauffeur be strapping luggage to the rack at the rear of a car . Raymond and louisa stand with sylvia . the sister be quite cool . ( continued ) a 140 149 continued : louisa ( vo ) well , goodbye . let we know if there 's anything we can do . sylvia be you go away at all ? louisa not once the shoot 's finish . I think we will just put we foot up . wo not we , Raymond ? she glance at she husband . she be prepare to live in peace if he be . nearby stand constance 's car . merriman put in the luggage Mary come out , with dress case and valise , as the stockbridge get in . Robert stroll over as Renee tuck in louisa and climb into the front seat . the rear dicky be wait for Robert . mary Goodbye then . ROBERT Goodbye . she hesitates , try to think of what to say , but he touch she cheek . ROBERT ( cont ’d ) it 's all right .. it 's over . it 's finish . Raymond open he car door impatiently . raymond Parks , for heaven 's sake , can we get start ? with a smile , Robert cross to the car , jump in and they be away with sylvia wave they off . as Mary walk over to give merriman she valise , she see Mrs Wilson 's face , press against the basement window watch the dark head in the dicky as it move off down the drive . merriman take the case and strap it on . merriman crikey . well . we have get something to write home about . constance , in travel clothes , emerge from the front door . ( continued ) 150 140 continued : ( 2 ) constance I have sign the book , though some of the other seem to have miss it . Goodbye dear . Chin up . she kiss she niece and climb into the car . Mary lean in and straighten the rug on constance 's knee , find the basket with the thermos and sandwich box and place it nearby . clearly while , in one way , everything have change , in another , nothing have . Mary climb in and with a wave to sylvia , the car move off . constance ( cont 'd ) heavens , what a relief to be go . it will take I a month to recover . 141 int . downstair hall . day . Mrs Wilson be on she way past the servant 's hall when she catch sight of dorothy . dorothy have they go ? mrs wilson be ) yes . i’1l ask she ladyship if we be to lay luncheon in the dining - room . she may want a tray upstairs . dorothy nod but Mrs Wilson have not quite finish . she lower she voice . mrs wilson ( cont 'd ) thank you for you help last night , dorothy . dorothy you do not have to thank I . you know I would kill for he if I have to . this naked exposure of feel be rather more than Mrs Wilson bargain for . she recoil slightly and , in do so , move until she can see into the servant 's hall . George , Arthur and several other , head by Mrs Croft , be sit , do various task . one by one they look up at the house - keeper but Mrs Croft be they spokesman . mrs croft what be it , Jane ? do you think you be the only one who could ? e {continued } 14i 142 143 151 continued : her voice be quite gentle . she have forgiven she sibling . do she guess the danger when she hear Robert 's name at supper ? at any rate , she and they know now . int . constance 's car . day . constance have relaxed a little . she wind down the window that divide she own seat from the two servant and speak to the may . constance Mary , do you suppose , if there 's a trial , I have have to testify ? or you ? I do hope not . I can not think of anything worse . imagine a man be hang because of something one say in a courtroom ... Mary look at the countryside flash by , think for a moment . mary I know ... and what purpose could it possibly serve ? constance look at she may curiously for a moment before she wind up the window . as the final credit roll , constance pick up the thermos from the seat beside she and feebly try to open it . once again , she fail and reach for the speak tube . but this time , instead , she replace the tube and try the top of the thermos again . with the tiniest bit of effort she open it , pour herself a drink and , with something like a sense of achievement , she sit back . perhaps thing have alter , after all . just a little . the end