gothika by sebastian gutierrez revised second draft December 8 , 2002 the woodward Forensic Institute ( wfi ) be a 175 - bed intermediate Security treatment facility for male and female psychiatric patient . its primary clientele be that who have history of commit criminal offense and be either commit to the Department of mental Health by the circuit court of the State or who be admit under authority of a appoint guardian . fade in : open credit over quick cut : int . miranda and doug's bedroom - dawn push in on a sleep couple in the dark . the alarm clock read 5:59 am . the woman 's eye open a second before the alarm beep and turn it off . she grab a glass of water on she bedside table and drink it . climb out of bed past typical bedside photograph ( wedding , vacation , etc . ) . this be miranda grey : 30 , sharp and prettier than she know . int . gym swimming pool - morning miranda slide through the water . swim cap on , goggle . her steady breathing take we in and out of the water . something unsettle about this sound . something slightly unsettle too about she detach manner . a person on autopilot , recognize only the water and the perfectly align lap stripe lead she path . like graphic metaphor for she own conscience : flat . she emerge from the pool and self - consciously wrap herself in a towel . int . coffeehouse - morning miranda pay for a pair of coffee and a newspaper . int . kitchen - morning miranda 's husband douglas grey ( older , a superficial analysis would suggest a father figure ) serve breakfast . miranda smile thank you and go back to study a case file . he sip from he takeout coffee and read the newspaper . a pleasant domestic scene . it 's 8:00 am . ext . ST . anne's high school parking lot - morning miranda 's volvo pull in as student amble up the step . Doug kiss he wife and hop out . exemplary carpooler . student be already chat he up as miranda drive off . ext . woodward institute - on a surveillance monitor miranda 's car at some sort of guard gate . a buzzer let she in . as the car drive past we read the plate on the wall : ( continued ) 2 . continued : " woodward forensic institute " the gate shut behind she with a certain finality as we ... int . woodward institute - miranda's office - evening Stark wall . simple decor . bookshelve pack with the accord psychiatric tome and diploma . miranda face a troubled young mess of a woman , chloe : charismatic , derange and forever try to provoke . mid-session : miranda this be you stepfather who come to visit you ? chloe my stepfather ? no . he 's dead . ( beat ) I kill he . miranda try not to act surprised at this breakthrough . responds with the even keel of a train psychiatrist . miranda that 's the first time you admit it . chloe so ? there 's a first time for everything . miranda ( jotting this down ) it mean you be finally past the denial stage . this be good , Chloe . chloe I never kill anyone who do not deserve it . miranda you only kill you stepfather as far as I know . chloe I should have take care of my mother . she know all along . you remind I of she . ( continued ) 3. continued : miranda I remind you of you mother ? chloe always so put together . like you iron you underwear . like you pussy be the apricot of the Promised land and the bread of the -- miranda ( get she back on track ) let 's get back to you visitor last night . chloe the Devil . miranda alright , the Devil . why would the Devil visit you ? it 's already hell in here , what would he have to gain ? chloe he come to fuck a angel . ( giggle at that ) I be he dirty angel . before miranda can analyze that one , the room light flicker and die . darkness . miranda 's breathe speed up . chloe he grab I by the hair while I suck he and usually I love that , I just do -- maybe you can tell I why I love it so much -- but not this time , he be just too rough -- as suddenly as it go out , now the power return . a visibly uncomfortable miranda check the clock . miranda that 's it until Monday . try and get some sleep tonight , okay ? chloe sure , doctor. ( lean in ) crazy people hear message from God . not the Devil . you know that , right ? ( continued ) 4. continued : miranda I do not say you be crazy . chloe you do not have to say it . she almost do not seem crazy when she say this . almost . two orderlies appear at the door . miranda nod for they to escort Chloe . Chloe shake they hand away from she , stride off dramatically . the princess of the asylum . int . woodward corridor - later miranda lock she office , armed with paperwork . the end of another workweek . dr . pete graham , a good ten year older and miranda 's best friend on the job , approach . pete Dr. grey . miranda Dr. Graham . they walk along with the easy confidence of colleague who not only respect each other , but enjoy each other . a lot . pete power go out again in we wing . miranda ( know what 's come ) same here . pete it 's not shrink - appropriate to be afraid of the dark , you know ? miranda you be not shrink appropriate and you be about to get promote . everybody 's afraid of something . pete what be I afraid of ? miranda yourself . at least you should be . what be you up to this weekend ? ( continued ) 5 . continued : pete write a little country music , decline invite to grand social event , drink myself to sleep -- the usual . you ? miranda Doug want to look at some Real estate up at Willow 's Creek . pete again ? miranda he think it 's fun . pete so be golf , I be tell . who be you six o'clock ? miranda Chloe mcgrath -- talk about try to empty the ocean with a tea cup . she 's a mess . pete I hear Manhattan 's full of they . miranda do not start with that . I already turn down the job . we be stay . pete good girl . they have reach a office mark " dr . phillip parson director " and peer in to see parson ( 50' , distinguished , command respect from everyone ) on the phone . he gesture for Pete to sit . miranda be about to exit when he cover the mouthpiece -- parson miranda , my wife keep want to set that dinner with you and Doug . be you free tonight ? miranda he 's stick at a school board meeting . parson look through he appointment book . ( continued ) 6 . continued : parson you have be here a year already , dorothy 's start to take this personal . how 's next Wednesday ? miranda next Wednesday it be , phil . he nod at she with a smile and return to he phone call . ext . woodward institute - night miranda drive off , leave the majestic grounds behind . a guard wave she off . end open credit . ext . road - night miranda slow down at the sight of color light up ahead . a knock - down telephone post block the road . emergency vehicle at the scene . a patrolman wave she down . int . miranda's car - moving - night sheriff ryan , 40' , recognize she and amble over . miranda anybody hurt , sheriff ? sheriff ryan Nah , telephone post just decide to fall . it will take we a while to clear this up so I be afraid you be gonna have to take the long way home , miranda . miranda if you say so . sheriff ryan and tell you husband he owe I a phone call . miranda will do . would not want he in trouble with the authority . ( continued ) 7. continued : sheriff ryan that a girl . the law never sleep and all that . you take care now . he tap on she hood and head back to the site . she shift into reverse and make a u-turn . ext . old MAIN road - night miranda drive down the curvy road toward a old bridge . something definitely creepy about this desert place -- int . miranda's car - moving miranda dial a number on she cell phone , get the machine . miranda ( into phone ) hi , it 's I . be you there ? pick up , pick up . I be on my way but I just get detour so I be ... a bump on the road make she drop the phone on the passenger seat . she reach for it and when she look up we see : Pov through the windshield a teenage girl stand smack in front of we . nake . about to get pummelle by we . back to scene miranda swerve to avoid she and slam into the railing . metal screech as she struggle to regain control of the car and finally brake to a halt -- she look in she rearview mirror : the girl be stand back there . drunk or high or in any case completely out of it . miranda ( into phone ) stay on the line . do not go anywhere . the weirdest thing just -- ( the phone cut out ) hello ? hello ? ( continued ) 8. continued : she stare at the dead phone . punch the button on it . no go . miranda wonderful . she toss the phone on the seat and hop out of the car . ext . ashley bridge - night miranda cautiously approach the girl , who be now not move . just stand there . her back to we . miranda hello ? be you hurt ? hello ? nothing . as we get closer we see she be cover in bruise . clearly something horrible have happen to she . miranda be you in a accident ? be you attack ? it 's okay , I be a doctor . ( beat ) my name be miranda grey ... and now she turn . Young , seventeen top . busted lip , black eye . miranda pull off she coat , wrap it around the girl -- miranda you be in shock right now , that 's perfectly natural . I be go to get you to the hospital . okay ? the girl suddenly grip miranda 's arm . hard . miranda do not be scared . it 's go to be fine . now the girl be touch miranda 's face . her movement desperate , smother . like the movement of a drown person . miranda try to push the girl 's hand back down . miranda hand off I , okay ? tell I you name , do you remember you name ? the girl try to speak but no word come out . instead she produce a strain , wettish sound . creepy as hell . and now she be pry miranda 's mouth open and she 's much stronger than expect and miranda be panic -- ( continued ) 9 . continued : miranda what be you do ? I be try to help you --?! the girl open she own mouth wide like a snake . and as miranda muffle a scream , blood start leak out of the girl 's eye socket and from wound all over she body . slam CUT to : int . bedroom - dawn miranda wake up in a cold sweat . just a bad dream . a beat . faint at first but growing louder , we hear a repetitive SOUND outside . like a echo of some sort , but vaguely familiar : thwip , thwip , thwip . miranda take a deep breath , reach for the glass of water on she bedside table . except ... it 's not there . she turn to she husband but he 's not in the bed . and now she glance around the room and realize this be not she bedroom . she climb off the bed and walk in the dark . trip over something . a tray that clang loudly . her heartbeat go haywire . she feel she way along the wall to a small open in the door . a glass pane . she peer through the glass at the empty corridor outside , realize what this must mean , realize she 's inside a cell . she jiggle the handle and pound on the door , frantic -- miranda hello ? somebody help I ! ext . woodward institute - establishing - day camera soar through the tall iron gate , past the guard . now we spot the source of we continue thwip thwip sound : sprinkler water the impressively - keep garden . the expansive complex be more victorian campus than drab prison , with separate wing ( male and female ) , research unit , library , gym and volunteer outpatient center . 10 . int . woodward institute - various shot a bored group of female patient listen to a social worker lecture they . a janitor mop a long corridor . patient study at the library under the watchful eye of orderly . a doctor and two orderly hold down a patient have a epileptic fit ( we will soon know she as shelley ) . they force a bite block in she mouth to avoid she swallow she tongue , prepare a syringe . Institute director phil parson at a meeting with other doctor , discuss a patient 's progress on a chart . now we be moving up the main building 's wall and through large window into -- int . female wing stair Pete rush up two step at a time , pass by a nurse with a cart of meds , who nod respectfully as he go -- int . hallway outside miranda's cell a orderly unlock the door for Pete . through the glass pane he can see a visibly upset miranda argue with the head nurse : a tough as nail woman in she 50' : irene . orderly # 1 sleep beauty be awake . Peter force a smile , enter -- int . miranda's cell miranda Peter , what the hell be go on ? Pete nod at irene : it 's okay , he will take it from here . pete how do you feel ? miranda how do you think I feel ? be this a joke ? Peter be half - listen to she , half - signal to the nurse with the med to come in . miranda catch all of this , grow more agitate . she wear the uniform all patient wear : a white T-shirt and sweat . her wedding ring be go . ( continued ) 11 . continued : miranda what be you do ? pete give you something to calm down . miranda I do not need to calm down . what I need be a explanation Pete grab the med from the nurse . irene and the attendant step closer to help . miranda feel they close in on she . Peter 's tone be infuriatingly gentle : pete just take this and we can sit down and chat . miranda why here , why not in my office ? she look at the silent face around she . no sympathy . or maybe too much sympathy . either way it 's unnerve . miranda I do not want a anticonvulsant , at least give I valium . pete ( nod at nurse ) fifty milligram . miranda Jesus Christ , you be gonna knock I out ? ten milligram . pete ( final offer ) twenty . the nurse comply . miranda stare at the med , try desperately to put this into some kind of perspective . miranda how would you feel if you wake up in a goddamn cell , dress like this ? pete we can discuss it at length after you take you med . awkward nod from irene , the nurse and the attendant . Pete hold miranda 's gaze . miranda take she med . ( continued ) 12 . continued : miranda okay . this better be good . Pete motion for the other to leave they alone . one by one they file out and lock the door behind they . int . miranda's cell - later miranda pace . alone with Pete , she be even more upset . pete miranda , this be very awkward . technically I should not even be treat you but the court have grant we a waiver until you be transfer . so whatever be say here will not leave this room . I will not tell parson , I will not tell anyone . miranda I want to talk to my husband . pete you can not to that . sit down , please . try to relax . miranda why would I pretend to be in any way relaxed ? pete I understand you be upset . but we need to put some thing in order . miranda two massive understatement . he hesitates , unsure where to begin . pete how long have you be here ? miranda ( laugh ) what be this ? why be you do this to I ? pete just answer the question . humor I . ( continued ) 13 . continued : miranda hi , my name be miranda grey . I be a psychiatrist . I transfer here to the woodward Forensic Institute a little over a year ago . my job entail deal with a ward of schizophrenic woman between the age of eighteen and fifty - fife -- pete I do not mean how long you have work here , I mean how long you have be stay here . this stop she . wanting desperately to whip out a comeback but realize she do not know the answer . miranda I be a doctor , yes ? or be medical school just a elaborate dream ? pete of course you be a doctor . a great doctor in fact . the hint of sadness in he voice alarm she . miranda Pete , how long have I be here ? pete five day . miranda ( barely audible ) what ? pete you be admit to the neurosurgical unit seize violently . that last three day . scan reveal left-side weakness , numbness and severe fontal lobe deficit . miranda shake she head in disbelief , but we -- flashback - int . neurosurgical unit miranda seize violently from her Pov : doctor struggle to contain she . arm thrashing , leg . flash of the wall , the floor . head crash against a cart , out of control . ( continued ) 14 . continued : pete ( v.o . ) you come out of it and test negative for pcp , underwent extensive hypnosis and receive amytal injection . flash : miranda be tie down . a nurse with a syringe -- int . miranda's cell - continuous action ( present ) she look down at she wrist with the reddish mark . pete you be tie down for a day and a half so you would not hurt yourself and then you go into a state of , well -- ( how to put this ? ) you have be pretty much catatonic . ( beat ) this be the first time you speak . miranda , speechless . reality sink in . miranda Doug must be worried sick . I need to call he -- Pete shake he head emphatically . pete you be the most logical person I know , bar none . plus you have a photographic memory -- unconfirm , but you do remember event and phrase more accurately than anyone around . why be I tell you this ? miranda you be establish my personality as fairly intellectual , you do not consider I impulsive or emotional . pete and that 's a fair assessment , no ? miranda yes , that 's fair . and follow this pattern of analysis , we be about to discuss a traumatic event that render this psychological profile useless , correct ? ( continued ) 15 . continued : pete two hundred percent . a pause here . he 's wait for she to continue . she 's not use to be on the other side of the therapist 's table . miranda you think I be in denial . that I be put on a brave show -- that this be a ' cover ' for some unbearable emotion I be hide . why ? pete do not analyze yourself , just focus on remember . miranda I remember Friday night after work , if you say that be five day ago -- ( push on ) anyway , I ask you what you be do for the weekend and you say the usual and you make a joke about write country song and drink yourself to sleep and I tell you I be go to look at some real estate in willow Creek with Doug . pete and then what ? miranda then I drive home . pete and then what ? miranda I get home , I guess , and have dinner by myself because -- ( pause , struggle ) because Doug have a alumnus meeting at he school and he be go to get a ride back . he 's the principal now , as you well know . she stop here . Pete wait . the silence be deafen . she push on , but she hand shake a little . ( continued ) 16 . continued : miranda but wait -- there be a accident before that , be not there ? a girl -- she have be beat . I take she to the hospital , right ? pete there be indeed a accident , you be detour by the cop . but there 's no report of any girl . miranda no , the cop be not there . they be back on Main Road . a knock - down telephone post , correct ? Pete nod . miranda be all foggy on the detail : miranda I see the girl after that . she be bleed . flashback - antique wind chime sway in the night breeze with they gentle tinkling SOUND , more menace than joyful -- flash CUT to : int . miranda and doug be house - night a breathless miranda wipe she face , leave a thick streak of blood on it . flash CUT to : extreme closeup - miranda's eye jittery , alert . we scour she every blood vessel , iris , pupil . filling the screen and now we distinctly make out a eerie shape reflect inside of it . but just for a sec -- the teenage girl . pete ( v.o. ) what about you husband , what can you tell I about he ? 17 . int . miranda's cell - continuous action ( present ) miranda shake the puzzle image out of she head : miranda Excuse I ? pete what 's the last memory you have of he that night ? miranda my last -- ? ( frown ) tell I nothing happen to Doug . pete let 's backtrack a second . you leave you office , you be drive home , you get detour by the police -- do you call someone on the phone that night ? miranda I do not know . I might have . pete who would you call ? miranda I might have call Doug to tell he something . or check my answer service . pete be you see someone else that night ? miranda I beg you pardon ? pete there be some trouble in you marriage , be not there ? miranda of course not . she shake she head emphatically as we : flash CUT to : flashback - int . loft - night camera pan across the large space to find miranda and a man ( whose face we do not see ) kissing heatedly . ( continued ) 18 . continued : pete ( v.o. ) be not there ? int . miranda's cell - continuous action ( present ) miranda chase the disconcert image out of she head . miranda no . there be no trouble in my marriage , I do not know what -- ( stop herself ) there be no trouble in my marriage . you just use the past tense ; why ? his face say he do not know how to tell she . miranda do something happen to Doug ? pete you do not remember anything else . anything at all ? frustrate , she snatch he cell phone and start to dial : miranda this be preposterous . what 's wrong with Doug ? pete he 's dead . this stop she cold . time stand eerily still . she stare at Pete as if by look at he long enough , he will contradict he statement . miranda no , he 's not . do not tell I that . do not tell I that . ( sicken ) be you -- sure ? pete I be positive . ( painful beat ) you kill he . int . corridor - moment later irene and two nurse rush to miranda 's cell . we hear she hysterical cry from inside -- 19 . int . miranda's cell - night Pete struggle to contain miranda , who howl disparagingly . pete it 's go to be alright , miranda . you just need to sleep . it 's go to be alright -- off Pete 's nod , a nurse inject the syringe into miranda 's arm . they hold she down with great effort as she continue to cry , and we ... fade to black . fade in : flashback sequence - series of shot a blur of image and scramble snippet of memory come at we rapid-fire , like a drug-induced dream : ext . ashley bridge - night miranda 's car screech to a stop and she jump out , glance around . int . ST . anne's high school - gymnasium - night graduation night . School principal Douglas grey shake hand with proud parent and clumsily formal student . miranda grab a drink from a nearby tray , bored . doug ( be : she drink ) be that number three ? miranda yes , Mr. principal . special occasion -- I be celebrate how proud I be of my husband tonight . he smile weakly at the compliment . move he hand towards she , in a affectionate gesture ( or so miranda think ) but instead fix she bra strap . ever methodical . ext . movie theater - day miranda and a man exit the theater . giggle . flash CUT to : 20 . int . miranda and doug's house Doug lay on the floor cover with bloodstain . bloodstain axe on floor in f.g. wall cover with bloodstain . int . loft - night a flustered miranda fumble with she purse and key , head for the door . she try to fix she smear lipstick and mess - up hair . turn to camera : miranda I be sorry . the fact be I be marry and I -- this be not I , this be a mistake . first we hear we mystery man 's voice , then we see he : Pete . ( yes , the same person she kiss and go to the movie with . ) he place he hand on the door , block she . pete you marriage be the mistake and you know it . miranda do not . pete I be sorry . that be out of line . I feel like a school kid hide from the principal . miranda we be hide from the principal . he smile . touches she face tenderly . torn . a person use to do the right thing but not like that at the moment . pete I would just like to spend some time together . miranda we spend time together every day . pete I mean minus the schizophrenic woman . miranda I have to go . I need time to think . ( continued ) 21 . continued : he nod . open the door for she . she start to walk away . pete do not be too hard on yourself , Dr. grey . you have not do anything wrong . miranda not yet . but I want to . ext . miranda and doug be house - morning push into a quiet house on a quiet suburban street . two volvo park in the driveway . perfectly - keep front lawn . CUT to : flashback - int . miranda and doug's house another near-subliminal glimpse of Doug lay on the floor cover with bloodstain . bloodstain axe on floor in f.g. wall cover with bloodstain . ext . chapel - day miranda and Doug laugh at they wedding . it 's clearly hot , because she wipe sweat off he brow with a handkerchief . int . miranda and doug be house - night a breathless miranda wipe she face , leave a thick streak of blood on it . she look down at she hand , notice the blood -- and now we be back in -- int . miranda's cell - night ( present ) miranda wake up with a start . the darkness render the room almost void of any color . monochromatic . it take she a moment to orient herself . her eye wander across the unfamiliar room , feel like she 's be watch . we become aware of a ragged breathing sound . like somebody be stand over she bed . but we do not see anything . miranda gingerly cross to the door and peek through the glass partition into the empty corridor . she glance back at the room , still see nothing -- and bang on the door . ( continued ) 22 . continued : miranda can I get some assistance here ? hello ?! she wait . Bangs on the door again . miranda irene ?! anybody !? a beat . and now finally we hear footstep approaching . a light be switch on down the corridor . the footstep get closer ... and closer ... miranda try to appear compose . wipe sweat off she forehead . fix she hair . the footstep now stop right out side the door . a key go into the lock and jiggle it . miranda wait for the door to open but nothing happen . confused , she step up to the glass partition and peek -- the second she face touch the glass , she be meet by a pair of pierce eye . the eerie teenage girl . miranda jump back , scream . and when she look up again , the image be go . a beat . rational think kick in -- miranda ( to self ) wake up , wake up ... ( beat ) you be dream . it 's not real . a anxiety dream , that 's all . that 's all . this be dream logic . if it be real , they would have hear you scream . there be twenty employee on the night shift . fact . at least twenty . she prop herself with she back against the wall . with a view of the whole cell . just in case . stare at the door . miranda I be just dream . and now , faintly at first , but growing louder -- footstep can be hear approaching outside . just like before . ( continued ) 23 . continued : miranda I be dream , I be dream , I be dream , I be dream . like she life depend on that mantra . the footstep get closer . and she voice begin to falter -- miranda ( voice rise ) I be dream , I be dream -- and now the footstep pause outside she door like before and she hold she breath , horrify , when suddenly we be hit with the sudden glare of return light . everything flash white and then color return -- irene ( o.s. ) rise and shine , lady ! int . miranda's cell - day irene try to shake miranda awake . a orderly and nurse stand by . irene ( shaking she ) that mean you , honey . up -- ! no reaction . irene rise and shine now . wake up . she shake she harder . and now miranda 's eye shoot OPEN and she grip irene 's arm . hard . like the teenage girl do . irene easy now , it 's okay . miranda stare at she , come back to . start to speak but have no voice . clear she throat -- miranda I need to see Peter Graham . irene and you have a session schedule this afternoon -- miranda right now . ( continued ) 24 . continued : irene he 's not even in yet , now let go my arm , honey . miranda Doctor grey , if you do not mind . irene actually I do mind . I start call you ' doctor ' and everybody else want to be call ' doctor ' -- miranda please . it 's a bit different , would not you say -- ? irene reach out she hand and the nurse place a cup with med on it . miranda what do you think you be do ? I want to speak to my lawyer -- wait , what be you do ? irene my job . irene shove the med into miranda 's mouth -- miranda c'mon , irene , do not do this . I be calm now , look -- I be calm -- ! she struggle as they hold she down and irene sedate she . int . rec room - day drifting past the female patient at they usual activity . some watch tv , play domino , some pretend to read , some stare out blankly . here 's Chloe at a table , engage in some sort of trivia game with a tattooe Southern redhead name jenna : chloe M. jenna mallorol , matzine , megaphen , meallaril -s , meleretten , meleril , mellaril , mellaril -s , mesoridazine , methotrimaprazine , mixidol , moban modalina -- ( continued ) 25 . continued : chloe modalina ? be not that a band ? jenna Trade name for triflupoerazine . look it up . Chloe shrug , if you say so . Jenna resume : jenna moditen , molindone , moltipress , motival . that 's it for the ' m 's . chloe not bad . High potency neuroleptics start with ' J . ' jenna trick question . there 's only jatroneural . chloe what do you wanna bet ? jenna Bet you a soda . Chloe check a reference book . nod , impressed . chloe right on the money , cowgirl . twenty point and a soda . camera follows her intent gaze to another patient , shelley ( the same patient we see earlier mid-fit ) mosey across the room . nervously take a seat beside miranda . shelley hi there , Doc . it take a moment for the heavily - drugge miranda to react . she look up slowly : eye glaze , painfully out of it . shelley I never get shrink by you but all I hear be nothing get past you , I mean , that 's just hearsay and I do not pay much attention to hearsay because now they say you hack you husband with a axe but I say maybe it just slip , right ? ( continued ) 26 . continued : miranda notice shelley be toy with a wrinkle newspaper clipping . shelley catch this look and slide it over to she . without malice , like a child . shelley they put you picture in the paper . it read " school principal slaughtered . wife under arrest . " photo of miranda , Douglas , they house . miranda stare at it in disbelief . grow sick . miranda how do you get this ? shelley Chloe do . who know how ? not I . around here I be on a need to know basis about stuff and most stuff I do not need to know . my point be about people talk behind other people 's back . like before I be here , everything I do I think , ' this will get they , ' want they approval , want they to say good thing behind my back . but now I be more anonymous , more myself . I be shelley . miranda slide the clipping back to shelley , clueless as to how to get out of this conversation , but shelley have no problem hold a conversation all by herself -- shelley you be not like , undercover here , be you ? they pull that at spring Grove , have a bunch of doctor pretend they be patient , see if they could handle it . most quit after day one . you be not , be you ? miranda no , shelley . I be not undercover . shelley because if you be , I be like the Fort knox of secret . ask anybody . miranda that 's good to know . but I be not . ( continued ) 27 . continued : shelley say no more . ( sotto ) I understand perfectly . she hand miranda paper and some crayon , whisper : shelley drawing be a great cover . good luck to you . with a wink , she 's go . miranda look at the room around she : Chloe spying on she in the corner , irene and the nurse share a laugh , other patient amble about , argue -- life among the insane . int . locker room - dressing area - day patient undress in the bare - bone locker area . a uneasy miranda be hand a bar of soap and towel by irene . miranda I do not -- I think I be alright . irene you go in last because you be special . ( off miranda 's look ) it 's not a mexican prison , toot . everybody here mind they own business . miranda if it 's all the same , I would rather -- irene State law say we keep you lady clean . and I be a stickler for the law . ( beat ) now come on . if you go downtown , you gotta dance . miranda study the patient already under the spray of the shower . something vaguely concentration camp -like about institutional bathing . ( continued ) 28 . continued : the shower , like everything else in this place , be regulate by shift , so that various grouping of patient each get they turn . miranda feel Chloe 's gaze on she across the room . she be stripping off she clothes for miranda 's benefit , gleefully mangle the last refrain from the Stones ' " start I up . " irene ( check watch ) that 's five minute , group one . ( to Chloe 's group ) alright , lady , nice and easy . the first group of bather file out , drip wet past miranda , in all shape and size . she register they many scar and tattoo , like map of troubled soul : name of man , place , religious quote . burn scar , cut , needle mark . they begin to towel off as miranda , slowly and painfully self - conscious , begin to undress in the corner . a moment later irene nod for she to go in . int . communal shower - later miranda hang she head under the spray and close she eye , try to shut it all out . the sound slowly fade out until all we have be miranda and she ragged breathing . Chloe and shelley , the last two out from the previous group , grab towel . Chloe wink at miranda when she catch she stare , but miranda be not stare at she . she be stare past she at the tile wall . more specifically at a hole in the tile where a bust water pipe poke out . clearly at some point there be a handle there , but now it be just a hole with a bust pipe . push into the hole to see a perfectly - form globule of blood emerge , follow by a gurgling sound which seem to come from deep in the bowel of the plumbing system . the blood linger tentatively , as if unfamiliar with the law of gravity , before trace a upward line along the tile . the gurgling grow louder , closer , and now more blood flow from the hole and spread up the wall . miranda look away , disturb , and now realize she be the only one leave in the shower . panic . shut she eye . ( continued ) 29 . continued : miranda ( to self ) it be not real . it be not real . open she eye . five letter be write in blood . n-o-t-a-l. shake , nauseous , she look down at she foot and the drain , too scared to look back up . miranda ( to self ) it be not real . you be hallucinate . perhaps . but now blood drip by she ankle , drip , drip , drip . and the shoot pain she feel be come from she arm . what the hell -- ? we see sharp slashes appear on she skin , like some invisible knife be slice she . hallucination or not , she bolt out of the shower -- int . locker room - dressing area miranda wrap a towel around she bloody arm , too freak out to process anything . fumble for she clothes and head straight to shelley , tie she shoelace , mutter . miranda shelley ? shelley and pick up that damn cigarette butt . Jesus , tv be dumb -- miranda shelley , can you do I a favor ?? shelley fix she with a intense conspiratorial look . shelley the housewive will find something better to do . miranda can you go in the shower and tell I if you see anything on the wall ? shelley do not respond . simply cross over and head for the shower . miranda get dress when a hand on she shoulder make she jump -- ( continued ) 30 . continued : irene enough privacy for you ? miranda yes . thank you , irene . but now irene notice the blood seeping through the towel . irene what do you do ? miranda nothing . it 's nothing -- irene what the hell do you do to yourself ?! and now the other patient be curiously watch as orderly rush in to haul she away . int . woodward corridor - later through a glass pane we see a nurse bandage miranda 's arm . parson and irene confer just outside the room . irene I look away for a second . it 's unacceptable , will not happen again . parson not you fault . patient always find a way to hurt themselves if that 's what they want . irene I just do not peg she for a cutter , that 's all . parson watch miranda through the glass . she can not look he in the eye . int . rec room - later miranda ( with she fresh new bandage ) ignore the look from the other patient as she rejoin they . spot shelley by the window furthest from the warden . scare . shelley oh my God . oh my God . ( continued ) 31 . continued : miranda you see it ? shelley listen , Doctor . some people , they have a gift . and in here , because they categorize we as a bunch of schizo , they refuse to acknowledge that . it 's like that hubble telescope that see thing a trillion mile away but what it 's see be just reflect light of a star that die a thousand year ago ? it 's like that . do not mean you be crazy . it only mean you eye open in a different way . miranda try to follow the convolute explanation , but have a sink feel . miranda what do it say ? shelley on the telescope ? miranda do you see anything , shelley ? shelley glance around to make sure no one can hear . shelley that 's not tile that wall be make out of . it 's a holographic screen . all part of you mission , be not it ? miranda shake she head , feel foolish . walk away . miranda thanks anyway . shelley ( tap she forehead ) this be all we have . the rest be dust . int . miranda's cell - day Pete and miranda stare at each other . a tense beat . ( continued ) 32 . continued : miranda it be you I call that night . pete yes . miranda do you mention that to the cop ? pete no . miranda why ? pete I do not think it would help you . miranda what do that mean ? pete it mean they would not have let I treat you if they think I have any kind of involvement in what happen . miranda and do you ? pete do I what ? miranda do I make it to you place ? do I see you that night ? pete no . we get disconnect and I could not get through to you . I sit there wait all night . figure you would change you mind . miranda why do not you tell I this before ? pete because the only way you will be able to accept this event be if you remember they on you own . my job be to assist you in processing that information because you be not in a frame of mind to do it by yourself . ( continued ) 33. continued : she stare at he . queasy . miranda you be change the subject . pete the subject be you do not trust I . miranda right now I do not trust anyone . she try to read he face . remind herself of who Pete be and what he mean to she . he point at she bandage arm . pete you want to talk about today ? she take a resign breath , slowly shake she head . wish she could wake up from this nightmare : miranda I want to talk to my lawyer . pete I think that 's premature . miranda I can not help what you think . fade out . fade in : ext . woodward institute garden - day sprinkler system do they thing : thwip , thwip , thwip ... the female patient be out in the garden for they freshly dose of air . boom down to miranda alone at a bench . a cigarette appear before she , be offer to she : jenna you a marlboro girl ? miranda see Jenna loom above she , shield the sun . miranda I do not smoke , thanks . ( continued ) 34 . continued : jenna all we have be we health , cupcake . ( sit beside she ) what I do be quit constantly , start again . drive they all crazy . one day I quit three time . miranda huh . Jenna light she smoke , blow out the match slowly . miranda turn and check the building entrance as Jenna ramble on . jenna they allow I one match at a time and pretend they be not watch . check it out : salivate goon number one at three o'clock , oh- so-inconspicuous goon number two at five o'clock . miranda follow Jenna 's gaze . sure enough , she 's be closely watch by two orderly . miranda what do you set on fire to wind up here ? jenna very perceptive , Doc . I burnt down the building where I work . I find a baby at the doorstep , call the cop -- of course the bottom feed prick never show . it 's beside the point , really . miranda shrug . God know what Jenna be talk about but who be she to say ? once again , miranda check the building entrance and now see parson emerge . she rise -- miranda phil . he keep walk . headed to the parking lot beyond . miranda phil ! ( continued ) 35 . continued : he turn . his first instinct be to smile . but he check himself , remind himself of she new status . slip into he best professional face : parson hello , miranda . miranda I wonder if I could talk to you . parson of course . ( check he watch ) well , actually , I be about to ... miranda you staff meeting 's do and thursdays you do not schedule session until the afternoon . this will just take one minute . promise . impressive . she remember he schedule perfectly . parson true. ( point ) but the sheriff want to ask I some question . she follow he look to the parking lot where sheriff Ryan emerge from he patrol car . miranda nod . miranda it 's about Pete . parson what about he ? miranda perhaps he 's not the most qualified person to be treat I . his tone be fatherly yet direct . parson be you complain about he method or be you refer to the nature of you past relationship with he ? this surprise she . ( continued ) 36 . continued : miranda what do he tell you ? parson he explain there might be a conflict of interest because he have feeling for you . you two engage in a kiss at one point . be I right ? miranda yes . parson I tell he we be all grownup here and the fact be he 's the best doctor on my staff . as such , and give the severity of the charge you face , I consider he the most qualified person to assist you recovery . now , if you will excuse I , sheriff Ryan be not a patient man . stonewall in the simple of way , she 's leave feel like a idiot . watch parson join the sheriff by he car . the two man shake hand when suddenly irene run past she , yell -- irene hey ! Chloe ! now two orderlies race past . miranda look over to see what the fuss be all about . Chloe be on top of a institute staff member we have not see before , a round black woman name consuelo . punch she -- other patient have crowded around the scuffle . chloe you fuck cow give I the evil eye , huh ? fuck you , you fuckin ' voodoo witch -- ! irene and the orderly yank Chloe off consuelo . Chloe kick and scream like a animal . consuelo meekly stand up . consuelo ( heavy Cuban accent ) be okay , she 's okay -- she do not mean nothing . chloe you bet you goddamn fat ass I mean it , you be a witch -- !! ( continued ) 37 . continued : irene mcgrath , that 's enough ! the orderly start pull Chloe away . Chloe spit at consuelo , full of venom . chloe take you voodoo shit back to Cuba -- irene I say that 's enough . consuelo irene , she 's okay . pobrecita , la infeliz . it 's a misunderstanding . pobrecita . I be only try to help she -- chloe you wanna help I ? you pity I ? ( grab she crotch ) suck I . the orderly haul Chloe off . irene disperse the crowd . consuelo sigh , embarrassed , wipe a bloody lip . her manner say she just want to get back to she duty . excitement over , the patient resume whatever it be they be do . miranda stare at she bleak surroundings when something catch she eye : Pete watch she from he office window . he quickly slide the curtain shut . odd . ext . woodward institute - day to night ( time lapse photography shot ) a sunny sky grow dark as night envelop we with a swoosh -- int . woodward corridor slow push down empty corridor . the air thick with dread -- int . miranda's cell - night miranda cry softly , unable to sleep . voice trickle in from the corridor outside , warden on they round , a soft moan from another cell , a random scream . she shut she eye , reposition herself on she stomach . ( continued ) 38 . continued : as before , somebody seem to be watch she . fade out . fade in : int . woodward library - day irene escort miranda into the library . a warden follow . irene how be we feel today ? miranda ' we ' ? irene sorry I ask . miranda do not seem like the best choice of word when treat schizophrenics . irene fitting right in , be not you ? the library be pretty much empty at this hour except for the librarian and the odd janitor tidy up . a efficient- look man rise from a desk , briefcase in place , glass of water -- this be attorney theodore " teddy " howard . teddy howard miranda . miranda hi. irene check she watch . the warden hang back , keep watch . irene she 's due back in the rec room in twenty , counselor . teddy howard thank you kindly . miranda sit . wait until irene be out of hearing range . ( continued ) 39 . continued : miranda teddy , I know you know Doug well and this be a extremely -- teddy howard I be here as you lawyer . so whatever my relationship be with Doug be no longer of consequence . first thing first , how be they treat you ? miranda like I be crazy . teddy howard you know this place better than anyone . anything out of the ordinary ? miranda other than I be crazy ? no . teddy howard the da be push for a hearing as soon as next week . they be eager to resolve this situation because -- well , crime like this do not happen that often around here . Doug be a hometown boy who would do good , beloved high school principal , a role model . we best shot -- scratch that , we only shot -- be to claim temporary insanity . as he speak , she start fidget with she itchy bandage . miranda wait , wait , wait -- teddy , you know I . I would not raise a hand at my husband for the life of I . not even in self - defense . be not it remotely possible a burglar break in or some craze high school student attack Doug and I go into shock ? teddy shake he head . miranda you be tell I there 's no other suspect in anyone 's mind ? ( continued ) 40 . continued : teddy howard frankly , no . neighbor hear scream . they have you at the scene , they have the murder weapon and they have you print everywhere . the only thing they do not have be motive . she keep absently play with the bandage . the adhesive be give . the bandage start to peel off . miranda because there be no motive . teddy howard and that 's what 's confusing they . the fact that you be a brilliant psychiatrist do not help either . it fill they head with idea . they figure if you be to plan a murder you might know how to fake insanity to get out of it . she pull off half the bandage , back and forth . not look . but we see the beginning of a pattern in she scar skin -- miranda I be not fake anything . teddy howard good . I pass no judgment either way . the point be -- miranda the point be I be the only person who do not believe I kill my husband . I never think I would say this , but I feel like I be in the middle of a conspiracy . ( beat ) do you believe I be crazy ? a uncomfortable teddy take too long before answer . miranda look down , humiliate -- and now she see it . perfectly carve into she arm , she scar read : " not alone . " petrify , miranda jump back , knock down teddy 's glass of water all over he papers , she chair topple over . the warden and janitor look up -- teddy try for delicate : ( continued ) 41 . continued : teddy howard it do not matter what I believe . miranda forget it . forget I ask . push into she face as involuntary tear roll down and we -- int . pete' office - day miranda . numb . Pete try hard to get through . a beat . we get a good look at the write on she arm . ( the right arm . ) pete I can not help you if you do not talk to I . silence from miranda . he be firm but not unkind : pete I can stand here all day . all week . you be the one run out of time . nothing . he go to touch she arm . she jerk it away . pete what do it mean ? she shake she head , at a loss . torn between she suspicion and the need to confide in someone . finally : miranda I do not write this . pete then who ? they stare each other down . there 's definitely chemistry between this two . but the moment be far from romantic . pete you be go to have to trust I . miranda why ? pete because no matter what 's go through you mind right now , I have not do anything wrong . ( continued ) 42 . continued : miranda then you know exactly how I feel . he start to speak , stop himself . switch tactic . they banter escalate in speed as they term get more clinical : pete you admit you be have a hard time differentiate what 's reality from what 's hallucination , right ? so be not it at least possible that -- miranda as a doctor I agree with you . maybe -- and this be a big maybe -- all of this be just a deep epilepsy that extend to the limbic structure , but I be tell you -- pete how about this moment right now ? miranda what about it ? pete be this a hallucination ? miranda you tell I . but I do know what I sound like . paranoia be the ultimate awareness , right ? pete which be why I suggest we simply increase you dose until -- miranda ( venom ) no! goddamnit ! no ! he step back at she blowout . she catch the look on he face and force herself to sit down . miranda I be sorry . be there any way we can pretend that do not just happen ? ( more ) ( continued ) 43. continued : miranda ( cont 'd ) ( beat ; struggle ) I want to believe you . I do . so I will take you word for it -- you be not involved in this -- but you take mine : I do not write this and I do not kill my husband . he study she . finally nod . New tactic : pete alright . let 's say you do not write this -- miranda number one : I be right-handed . number two : I would have have to bring a X - acto knife into the shower to do this , would not I ? Pete try to reserve judgment . her argument have a certain loopy logic to it . he hesitates , then pull a series of photograph from a manila envelope . pete I think it 's time you look at this . miranda look at the crime scene photo . lurid . terrible . here 's part of Doug 's body . here 's the axe . and now she see a closeup picture of the wall with word on it . in blood , a la Manson family . and it say : " not alone . " miranda immediately toss it away from she . repulsed -- flash CUT to : flashback - int . miranda and doug be house - night miranda furiously write on the wall with blood . wipe she face breathlessly , leave a thick red streak on it . int . pete' office - continuous action ( present ) pete you write that . any idea why ? miranda ( panic rise ) no , I do not . no , I do not ! ( continued ) 44 . continued : Pete retrieve the photograph off the floor and hold it up for she to study again . pete you be the only person who can figure out what this mean . try to remember . stop hold back . she nod meekly . stare at the picture . begins to shake as all of it finally come flooding in -- flash CUT to : flashback - int . miranda and doug be house - night a breathless miranda wipe she face , leave a thick streak of blood on it . she look down at Doug , crawl on hand and knee . he moan horribly , in shock . she grab the heavy axe from the floor and follow he . he reach for the coffee table with the telephone on it and make a move to grab it . he have all the speed of a die turtle , and that 's pretty much what he resemble . miranda bite she lip , lift the heavy axe with both hand . Doug 's hand grab the phone . miranda swing the axe over she head and it come down straight at camera . miranda wipe she face again , catch she reflection in the mirror over the mantel and stare -- we hear that SOUND . the wettish gurgling sound . miranda stare at the mirror look for the source of it . for a instant we see the teenage girl 's reflection there , beckone . but now she 's go and miranda be leave study she own dement expression and now flame rise around she . she look down at she foot : no fire . blood on she clothes , axe still in she hand . look back up at : the mirror version of miranda show a serene expression on she face . Fire envelop she . she slowly lift she hand over she head . in place of the axe there be chain attach to shackle on she wrist . she be completely naked , as if purify -- like a extreme version of anima sola . ( a biblical icon in which a woman in fiery purgatory await she fate . ) time stand still for a mesmerize moment -- when the mirror shatter to piece and we be back to reality . miranda stare at the axe she 's flung at it . 45 . int . miranda's bathroom - later miranda try to wash off the blood in the sink . this be a daunt task , see as how she 's cover in it . she stare at she bloody footprint all over the floor , at the mark on the door handle , towel and wall . gasp for breath , almost cry , she turn on the shower at full blast and climb into the tub . she watch the blood wash off she . as if finally come back to she body and realize what she 's do , she slowly slide down the shower wall and curl up in the tub . crying . shake . she shut she eye as hard as she can to make it all go away , and we -- fade to black . blackness silence . and now , faintly at first , but growing progressively louder , we hear the SOUND of buz fly . fade in : int . miranda's bathroom - day miranda wake up , still in the tub . how long have she be there , hour ? day ? impossible to know . but at some point she must have turn off the water . she sit up , every muscle of she body aching , hair cake with blood . the first thing that hit she be the stench . and it 's foul , the putrid smell of decaye flesh . she step gingerly out of the tub onto the flood floor and follow the trail of blood , mortify at what she will find . int . miranda and doug's live room - continuous action soon enough the press will make the Manson family reference , but for now , only miranda be here to witness the fruit of she labor . she gasp for air . instead she be hit by a wave of nausea . she double over to throw up when there be a frantic rapping at the front door . she freeze . voice and yell trickle in . the hinges on the door rattle under repeated pounding and she still stand there as the first fireman break in . sheriff Ryan and he deputy right behind . a concerned Pete Graham behind they . ( continued ) 46 . continued : the cop take one look at the place and raise they gun at she , but we can not hear what they be say because miranda 's rag breathing have take over the soundtrack . suffice to say that , at the sight of the gun , something click inside she and she turn on she heel and flee -- int . hallway - continuous action she slip on blood , nearly fall as she scramble to the bedroom -- int . miranda and doug's bedroom she lock the door behind she , hyperventilate in terror . instantly there be man pounding on it . squawking radios . order barked at she . she spot two officer through the window in she backyard . about to smash the window . a cage animal , completely surround , she cover she face with she hand . tremble . the doorknob jiggle violently , about to give . and when she bring she hand down she be stare straight into the teenage girl 's face . and she open her mouth wide and now we be back in -- int . miranda's cell - night ( present ) miranda gasp for air , drown in sensory overload . miranda oh God , oh God , oh God ... she rock back and forth . finally aware of what she 's do . she be the killer . no more doubt . and now that she know , everything be much worse . a long , harrowing beat . we push in on she devastate face . night turn to day . int . miranda's cell - day the lock be unlock . Pete appear at the door . miranda glance up at he . she look like a different person . completely destroy . he crouch beside she . pete you okay ? she shake she head slowly . he set he hand on she shoulder . she turn to he and hug he tight , hold on for dear life . break down in sob . 47 . int . phil parson ' office - day parson leaf through miranda 's file . Pete stand by the window , lose in think . parson how much do she remember ? pete it all come flooding back last night . parson guilt ? pete more like a uncontrollable reminiscence . intense , over - cathect . she 's not feel guilty of she action , not exactly . sound to I like last night she actually re-live they in great detail . parson hypermnesis follow amnesia . could a specific epileptic element be involved ? pete that 's exactly what she suggest . even in she present state , she instinct remain impeccable . parson I would like to talk to she . int . woodward corridor - later Pete escort a fragile miranda down the corridor . the two orderly walk ominously behind they . pete Standard procedure . miranda I do not say a word . int . dr . phil parson ' office - day parson on the phone , gesture for they to enter . ( continued ) 48 . continued : parson ( into phone ) dorothy , I can not discuss this now -- ( motion for they to sit ) I be not take it lightly , no . we will talk about it at home . miranda and Pete sit across from he . miranda try hard to appear compose -- acutely aware of she every gesture , and of how different she last visit to this office be . nothing casual about it now . she stare at the picture frame on phil 's desk ( all face away from we ) , the diploma on the wall , the book by note father of neurology ( work by hughling Jackson , kurt goldstein , Henry head , a.r. luria ) . a frame quote read : " ' if you do know that here be one Hand , we will grant you all the Rest . ' -- wittgenstein " parson ( into phone ) yes , dear . I too . he hang up . take a moment to look at miranda . tries a smile but to she it come off condescending . fact be -- there 's nothing to smile about . parson I be so sorry about this , miranda . she nod , daze . angle she head to look at a frame picture on he desk . parson look to Pete . parson have Pete tell you about the hearing ? pete teddy already fill she in . parson teddy Howard be top notch . he 's go to do everything in he power -- and he 's quite resourceful -- to prove you be not fit to stand trial . miranda , I know you have no family leave , so we be you family now and we be all go down to the wire to protect you and help you in any way we -- ( continued ) 49 . continued : push in on miranda who stare intently at something on the desk . not listen to a word he 's say -- miranda who be that ? parson pause here . exchange glance with Pete . parson Excuse I ? miranda the girl in the picture . we see what she be talk about : a frame photograph on the desk be now facing we . eerie . it show parson , he wife dorothy and a young girl . we teenage girl . parson my daughter . miranda look up at this , perplex . miranda she 's the girl I see . parson you be obviously mistaken . miranda I be positive . she be hurt , bleed . be she all right ? Pete and parson trade uneasy look . pete miranda , you have see that photograph at least a dozen time , every time you have be in this office . you be just confuse -- miranda not about this . be she all right ? parson no , she 's not ... all right . ( beat ) Rachel commit suicide six year ago . this shut miranda right up . mind spin . miranda how ? ( continued ) 50 . continued : pete miranda , that 's none of you -- parson that 's okay . ( to miranda ) Rachel be a very troubled girl . handicapped since birth . she be bear mute . my wife and I try everything to help she fit in but ... but she run away from home more than once , want to end she life . ( beat ) and she finally succeed . jumped off Ashley Bridge . she be only seventeen year old . Ashley Bridge . mute. ghost ? miranda hesitates here . she be not the type to believe in ghost , and know full well what even she suggestion of it will sound like . miranda I be -- I be terribly sorry , phil . parson do not want to talk about it anymore . rise . parson Peter , can I speak to you ? the man step outside . push in on miranda 's face as she stare at the picture of Rachel . we catch snippet of the doctor ' discussion outside , increase she paranoia -- pete ( o.s. ) ... textbook psychotic pattern ... manifestation of guilt ... parson ( o.s. ) ... much she know about Rachel ? pete ( o.s. ) I be tell you she do not ... concoct alternate reality ... parson ( o.s. ) I be trust you ... crawl with cop . a dark shadow envelop miranda 's confuse face , as we -- 51 . int . miranda's cell - night miranda 's pale skin be visible in the dim monochromatic light . we be moving toward she , see she as if from the Pov of someone approach she . we become aware of the ragged breathing sound . miranda open she eye , look this way and that , then close they again . she be nearly asleep when she hear a sound we have hear before . the strain wet SOUND . miranda 's eye SNAP OPEN . she slowly sit up , back against the wall . squint to cover every inch of the room . and now she see it : a shadow crouch in the corner . roughly the size of a person . miranda climb off the bed and slowly walk towards it . scare , but determine . she wrinkle she nose at the putrid smell come from it . she get closer ... closer ... the ragged breathing growing louder as she reach the shadow -- she stretch out she hand and finally touch ... nothing . she swipe she hand through the air , feel stupid . miranda this be not go to work . I be sick of be watch , and I know this place well and it do not smell this bad . she pace around the room , feel the wall , tap she head . miranda I be awake , I be not dream . I be alive -- this be not some afterlife mumbo jumbo . so - call paranormal activity can be debunk a million different way . so whatever you be , whatever it be I be make up here -- I be let you go , I be set you free . I be the wrong person . and I need to sleep . I be not afraid and I do not believe and I be fully aware that this be all in my mind -- fiction -- a concoct alternate reality -- and I acknowledge it . and now I be do with it . I be go to sleep now . the moment be as brave as it be ridiculous . she have psyched herself into verbally defeat the ghost . and now she climb back in bed . ( continued ) 52 . continued : miranda ( sleepy ) besides , if you really be the ghost of Rachel parson , you would let I out of this cell . a beat . and now we hear the SOUND of the deadbolt slide OPEN . the door open quietly . push into miranda 's face . properly scared now . miranda Holy shit . if proof be what she want , proof be what she get . from now on we will refer to the teenage girl as rachel . int . female ward - corridor - night miranda take a tentative step outside she cell , feel the door with she finger , feel along the wall -- still make sure she be not dream this . she look down the long , empty corridor , the glare of neon light make she readjust she eye momentarily . nobody there . but when she look down the other way she see a pair of bare foot disappear behind the wall . so quick we be not sure we see it for sure . miranda deliberately walk in the opposite direction . at night the clinical corridor take on a unsettle quality . she silently stroll down the hall , tilting she head at the various sound from patient in they cell . she turn to make sure Rachel be not behind she and when miranda face forward again , she realize she be stand right across from : the nurse ' station where two nurse be watch television . miranda tiptoe past they , ducking at the window to remain unseen . another corridor this one be wider . miranda be startle by the sudden sound of laughter behind she . the nurse laugh at they late night show . momentarily distract , she almost knock over a mop and bucket rest by the wall . she hold the mop in place and now open the door to a sanitation closet . ( continued ) 53. continued : she look for something , a tool . discard a pair of brushes and find a small screwdriver . pocket it . the stair miranda hurry up the stair , hugging the wall to stay clear from the surveillance camera sweeping the area . she wait at the landing , time it just right -- and scurries to the next floor . int . woodward corridor ( office floor ) - continuous action know she way around here , miranda keep a steady pace as she head towards she old office . she turn a corner and stop in she track : another janitor make he round . she wait until he 's out of sight and rush to she office . she pull out the steal screwdriver and bring it to the lock . start unscrew the screw . she do this as fast as she can , but she 's no professional -- so it take a few try . she loosen one screw , then another -- and clumsily drop the screwdriver . the metal echoes against the floor . miranda suck she breath in , wait . no footstep . she bend down , retrieve it , and hold onto the knob for balance . it easily turn in she hand . it be open all along . she simply forget to check . int . miranda's office miranda shut the door behind she and slip behind she computer . shroud in darkness . Hit a switch and a surveillance monitor come to life . now she have a view of the corridor : two guard here , a nurse go for a smoke , a janitor at the coffee machine and so on . she switch on she computer and tap she finger as she wait for it to boot up . on surveillance monitor the janitor with he coffee cup now head back towards miranda 's office corridor -- ( continued ) 54 . continued : miranda glance at the door , can see the glare of the computer screen reflect against the glass pane . she try open drawer but they be all lock . she remember something and dig a sweatshirt from beneath the couch , use it to block the light . Computer power up , she run a online search for " rachel parson . " wait as the info appear -- miranda ( to self ) alright . what happen to you ? on computer screen various listing : the archive news of she funeral , something about she search and a local news article about teen suicide . that 's the one she choose . Hit " print . " she check the surveillance monitor again : the janitor now mop right outside she door . on printout the head say " what drive our teenager to suicide ? " a quick glimpse give we age ( 16 , 18 , 17 ) and name of three local girl who have die . Rachel 's name and photograph appear with two other : Jenny dixon and andrea White . miranda pocket it , look back at the surveillance monitor : the janitor be walk away . she watch he disappear down the hall . slowly but surely . and now the screen be empty . but just for a second . because suddenly Rachel be there . stare straight at she . make we jump . int . corridor / stair - moment later retracing she step , miranda shut she door and hit the stair . play off the sweep of the surveillance camera . int . female ward corridor - continuous action as she reach the landing , she hear voice come she way . she detour down another corridor and hide from view . wait for consuelo and a nurse to exit down the staircase . ( continued ) 55 . continued : and now she turn at another SOUND . come from inside the room immediately behind she . room 237 . she step to the small glass pane on the door and peer inside . int . room 237 it take a moment to adjust we eye to the darkness but now we make out two figure in the room involved in some sort of struggle . miranda press she face against the glass and now see a flash of metal . something sharp . not a knife , but a needle . and now a blur of hair yank up by a strong arm . in the dim light we can make out Chloe , eye glaze , drool . just for a beat , because now she be slap down on the bed like a rag doll and the man with the needle enter frame . int . corridor - continuous action miranda flinch , confuse . glance down the corridor to ensure she remain undiscovered . then peer back in . int . room 237 Chloe on she stomach on the bed . her pale naked skin mark with scratch and bruise . the needle be stick in she arm , which hang off the side . her mouth be open but it be impossible to tell whether she be laugh or sobbing . abruptly the man climb on she , pull off he T-shirt . as he discard it we see that it be yellow . int . corridor - continuous action disturb , miranda turn away . except now the corridor be not empty . there be a janitor at the end . coffee cup in hand . stare at she , disconcert . janitor hey ! miranda turn and run . int . female ward stair miranda bolt down the stair . thundering footstep and yell can be hear right behind she . 56 . int . female ward third floor miranda race down the empty floor towards a emergency exit door all the way at the end . two orderlies emerge from the staircase and give chase , shouting for she to stop . patient holler from they cell , awaken by the commotion . miranda 's heart be nearly burst through she chest as she get closer and closer to the emergency door . twenty foot , fifteen , ten -- when a side door open and a man in a yellow shirt appear , block she path . miranda try to avoid crash into he but carry too much momentum . veer leave against the wall but the man easily tackle she and pin she down . the orderly and a nurse arrive at the scene to find she scream , hysterical . they hold she down -- miranda it 's he ! it 's he ! Jesus Christ , it 's he ! the man in the yellow shirt act as if he have no idea what she 's talk about . Ho -hum , just another psychotic woman try to escape . a nurse prepare a needle and we -- fade out . fade in : int . conference room - day tracking along a long desk where the staff finish they morning meeting . parson , Pete and irene among other . parson we have transfer she to a higher security room on the fifth floor . that 's my final concession to any type of special treatment . pete and the night staff ? irene they insist she room be properly lock , what else could they say ? ( continued ) 57 . continued : pete could there be any truth to she claim ? parson Peter , we have one hundred and forty employee . thirty - five work maintenance . they all wear yellow shirt , it 's they uniform . I be hold a very discreet inquiry , sure -- but I do not want a news van park outside day and night . it make much more sense that she try to escape and get catch , do not it ? Pete ponder this . it certainly seem that way . pete I peruse miranda 's file on Chloe mcgrath -- they be damn comprehensive . maybe she be a bit obsessed with she . irene and parson share a look . he wrap it up : parson the scariest gift God give we be we mind . and a bright person like miranda -- she 's grasp at straw here -- who know what she brain be tell she , now that it 's snap . int . miranda's new cell - day a better room , in fact . this one have a view . heavy bar on the window , but still . miranda pace . Pete be seat , observe she deteriorate state . miranda do you live here when Rachel kill herself ? pete yes . as a matter of fact , I be part of the search party that find the body . miranda phil must have be a wreck . ( continued ) 58 . continued : pete you can imagine . actually , phil be in Houston undergo triple bypass surgery when it happen . what be that ? miranda react to this . miranda and this be confirm . there be hospital record and so forth ? pete I be sure there be . can we get back on track now ? miranda pull out the fold printout from she pocket . miranda what about this other date , be phil here when the other girl go miss and find dead ? a disconcert Pete look at the article with the picture of Rachel and the other : andrea White and Jenny dixon . pete where be you go with this ? first I be a suspect in Doug 's death , now what , phil parson murder he own daughter ? miranda Rachel parson disappear six year ago . a week later she 's a suicide . Andrew White , four year ago , same m.o. , and Jenny dixon , two year ago . do not you find that unusual ? he regards she . maybe parson be right : she 's desperately grasp at straw now . skim the article : pete what same m.o .? one jump off a bridge , one hang herself and one crash she car . who give you this ? miranda not one leave a suicide note . in fact , how be anybody sure this be suicide ? ( continued ) 59 . continued : pete you hear phil , he daughter have try several time before -- miranda that 's he story . I need to talk to the reporter who write that . Frank something . pete well , you can not . miranda I beg to differ . I know my visitation rights . pete you can not because ... he die . miranda snap to attention here . miranda you be tell I the one local investigative reporter who connect three highly - suspicious death , just happen to have conveniently die ? pete Frank albright be a eighty - year - old retire sociology professor . ( be : the article ) this be a fluff piece about teenage depression and the breakdown of the nuclear family . you can find one in any local paper , anywhere , any other week ! miranda do not be smug , Pete . that 's one thing you have never be . Rachel be somehow connect to what I be go through . I do not know how -- like you say , I be not in a frame of mind to process the information without assistance . so I be ask you for assistance . pete listen to I . you be not well . I have hope once you remember the murder we could deal with you feeling about it but this fixation : ( more ) ( continued ) 60 . continued : pete ( cont 'd ) Rachel parson , Chloe mcgrath -- be self - create distraction to avoid look into yourself . and the longer you -- miranda I know this lecture like the back of my hand ! pete good . save I the trouble . discussion over . he rap on the door . triple-locks come unlock and a orderly be there . Peter exit . int . woodward corridor - moment later Peter hurry down the corridor , pass by a nurse . the same one who bandage miranda earlier , so let 's give she a proper name : claire . she push she cart into the elevator . int . third floor corridor - day Claire and she cart emerge from the elevator and she head down the long corridor , reach a door and unlock it . int . medical supply room tight on a row of drug-filled shelf . Claire park she cart and kick off she shoe . dig a pack of smoke out of she stashed purse when a pair of hand grab she . Claire squeak until she see she attacker : a stoner type name simon . deftly unbuttone she uniform , hand all over she . she mean to resist but he 's get such boyish charm . claire get off I , you dog -- simon Hell , do not go all bubbly with joy or anything . claire you can not be in here and you know it . nap in you car . ( continued ) 61 . continued : she finally twist herself out of he grasp . point a accuse finger , but she 's grin . blush , even . claire now get out before we get bust . properly reprimand , Simon pick up he fold uniform and prepare to leave , head hang low . simon you slay I , Claire . honest . claire sure I do , Boy scout . he exit . she shake she head , slip she uniform back on . int . elevator - moment later Simon press the button , wait . he check inside he fold uniform where we see several steal vial of sedative . the door begin to close when -- claire hold it , Simon ! he hide the loot behind he back , bust . she hold the door open and toss he he yellow shirt . claire what do you think I be , laundry service ? simon ( relieved ) wo not happen again , mar 'am . she turn and exit . the door slide shut . meet we rapist . int . woodward cafeteria - day bustle with activity . the room be divide into two : a large main area where the patient eat , plus a second , smaller upstairs area for the staff . boom down to find miranda eat at a long table . shelley beside she , play with she plastic fork . Jenna tap a unlit cigarette . as usual , irene keep watch nearby . ( continued ) 62 . continued : shelley ... she would get high on glue and make I help she try on my bras . be that the strangest shit you have hear ? jenna Heard stranger . but she 's a case . shelley and she always put on a happy face . man , what a optometrist . optometrist ? miranda start to correct she , but let it go . jenna you narce she out , do not you ? boo-hoo . Bet you be a little buzze yourself . miranda 's gaze stray from this , um , most compelling of conversation and come to rest on Chloe . alone at another table . heavily sedate . a wreck . miranda rise and walk over . shelley wait until she 's out of hearing range , lean in to Jenna -- shelley all work , that woman . work , work , work . jenna what be you talk about ? shelley she 's like a alcoholic . but with work . jenna what work ? shelley not safe to tell you . wish I could . Jenna roll she eye , return to she food . upstair parson watch intrigue as miranda sit beside Chloe and start talk . from parson 's Pov up above we can see pretty much the entire dining area . 63. back to miranda try to get Chloe 's attention . but Chloe just stare at she untouched food , glassy - eye . miranda I see what happen . I be sorry . no reaction . miranda have you tell anyone ? Chloe ? nothing . miranda look , Chloe -- the person who do this to you be not the devil . and if you can identify he , I will make sure the motherfucker be arrest . now Chloe look at she , like something finally register . chloe Doctor , do you just say ' motherfucker ' ? miranda do you know he name ? maybe you see a nametag on he uniform ? think . Chloe simply stare . finally shake she head . chloe man , you must really hate I . miranda what ? I do not hate you . chloe you hate I because now you be just the same as I . you must feel so embarrassed . miranda I do not hate you . and I do not feel embarrassed . chloe that 's just a pat answer you have because you be new at this . trust I , I know what I be talk about . ( continued ) 64 . continued : miranda ( rise ) forget it , alright ? forget we have this conversation . Chloe abruptly grab she arm . tightly . chloe you know what happen next ? miranda I get the distinct feel you be go to tell I . chloe the shock wear off and the guilt kick in . and that guilt be the real motherfucker . you will be watch 24 / seven , because they be afraid you will kill yourself . Dr. Graham will question every harmless gesture , every innocent comment , ever twitch you make and eventually -- and it 's a fuck tedious ' eventually ' -- you will stop hat yourself for what you do . but what replace that hatred be this unbearable sadness . and you do not lose that as long as you live . push in on miranda . deeply affect by Chloe 's word , as we -- int . woodward institute - various shot - day and night miranda's resigned DAILY grind in quick dissolves -- a ) miranda and the other patient line up for med in the rec room . B ) irene keep watch in the garden as the woman get they daily fresh air . C ) warden watch as each patient enter they cell at night and the light go off . int . miranda's cell - night echoing a earlier scene , we be moving toward she -- she pale skin visible in the dim monochromatic light . miranda flick a look this way and that , alert . sense something . ( continued ) 65 . continued : miranda leave I alone . go away . just like a crazy person . she listen for any further noise , hear none and shut she eye . exhausted . miranda I have lose my fuck mind . happy now ? silence . but now the bedsprings creak behind she and she whip around and start to scream as a big hand cover she mouth . her eye open wide at the sight of Simon , in he yellow shirt . he shove she against the mattress and press he full weight against she . she let out a muffle scream as he uncap a syringe with he tooth and bring the plunger to she throat . straight into she jugular . simon ( sotto ) this be gonna hurt you more than it hurt I . she flail and kick desperately but he pin she down . the bedsprings strain violently and now he 's straddle she , squeezing the plunger into she throat . her eye welling up : simon ( sotto ) I have always want to do a doctor . she manage to free one hand and yank the syringe from she throat . it fly to the floor . he grin , enjoy this : simon ( sotto ) the more you fight I , the harder I get , pussycat -- so pretty please , with sugar on top -- keep still . Simon paw at she clothes as she struggle to defend herself . he finally slap she free arm down . press he knee against it , immobilize she once more . now he produce another syringe from he pocket . check it . miranda shake she head , plead . a scream stick in she throat . but nobody can hear she . Simon bring the syringe towards she when suddenly we hear a loud clanging at the door . shake it off its hinge . ( continued ) 66 . continued : Simon look up , confuse . nobody be there . the split - second distraction be all miranda need to shove he off the bed . she fumble for the discard syringe and stab he chest with it -- squeeze the plunger -- miranda ( sotto ) take that , son of a bitch . Simon moan as the full dose hit he system and he body go limp . miranda exhales , come back to herself . a beat . miranda Rachel ? no response . miranda grab he key , begin to undress he . CUT to : security camera Pov show a uniform janitor calmly walk down the corridor . pull back to see we be in -- int . surveillance booth - night a bank of monitor keep watch on the premise after dark . two guard play card ( Uno ) , bored to tear . a cursory glance at the monitor produce no reaction . certainly a janitor walk down the corridor be no cause for alarm . ext . parking lot - night Dead quiet . cricket chirp or whatever it be cricket do . miranda steady she breathe , peruse row of unfamiliar car . she click Simon 's key-re button repeatedly until a set of headlight blink on and off . int . simon be car - night miranda slip behind the wheel , start the car . the radio kick in at ear - deafening volume . she nearly drop dead . ext . woodward gate - night the gate guard read a magazine as miranda 's steal car approach . the guard barely register the driver in the booth mirror , immerse in he article . Hit a button to open the gate for he . it open slowly . s-l-o-w-l-y. 67 . int . simon be car - moving - night miranda , sweat , watch the recede image of the institute behind she . turn on the main road . free . miranda thank you , thank you , thank you . she glance back , make sure no one be follow she . catch she own reflection in the rearview mirror : the scared eye , the haunt face . the new version of herself . she flip the radio dial : bad new age muzak . bad country . bad DISCO . more bad new age muzak . she find iggy pop' entirely appropriate " the passenger ) and let it play . another angle now we be see she as if from the Pov of someone travel alongside the car . peer through the passenger window . miranda become aware of this , slowly glance over . see nothing but she own reflection . turn back forward . we notice the blue cigarette lighter key chain dangle off the dashboard . nothing but a long stretch of road ahead . ext . miranda and doug be house - night the neighborhood perfectly quiet late at night . miranda park in the driveway and stare at the empty house . steel herself , climb out of the car and head around back . she find she spare key behind a pot plant , take a deep breath and let herself in through the back door . int . miranda and doug's house police crime -scene tape everywhere . she turn on the kitchen light only and scurries to she bedroom without even look in the direction of the live room , avoid the scene of the gruesome crime altogether . eerie as hell -- int . bedroom - quick cut miranda stuff clothes into a suitcase , find she passport , dig out some cash from a box . Quick change of clothes to get rid of the rapist 's uniform . fast , fast , fast -- 68 . int . simon be car - moving - night miranda watch she house fade from view in the rearview mirror as she drive down the block . shudder . flip the radio dial with shaky hand . radio dj ( v.o . ) ... weather forecaster predict heavy wind tonight as a major thunderstorm roll in tomorrow . you be listen to klpg , 101.4 on you dial . this next honky - tonk heartbreak classic be ... she look in the rearview mirror once more . only this time she be meet by a pierce pair of eye . Rachel 's . Inside the car . Rachel 's mouth open unnaturally wide , revealing a gape abyss of rotted tooth and flesh -- and let out the wet sound . a threaten howl this time , pure venom . miranda cover she face , jerk the car . it do a 180 and slide to a halt in the middle of the street -- facing the direction of she house again . ext . STREET miranda jump out , panicked . glance around . look inside the car : no Rachel . a beat to catch she breath , make up she mind . slide behind the wheel and make a u-turn . int . simon be car - moving - continuous action miranda flip the rearview mirror so it face the ceiling and turn up the radio . gun the pedal . freak . she 's drive maybe 20 foot when suddenly she engine die -- miranda no. the car sputter to a stop . miranda go to turn the key but suddenly freeze . look at the ignition oddly and notice the key be go . miranda why be you do this to I ? a dead -still beat . glancing around , she be even more startle to see the blue lighter key chain lie in the middle of the street . 69 . ext . STREET - night miranda open she car door and walk down the empty street to retrieve she suddenly magical key . we watch she reach the key , all alone out here . the moment she bend down to pick it up she be blind by the glare of headlight and the roar of a engine . miranda jump out of the way , narrowly avoid be flatten by a road sweeper , spraying water as it go . she watch the truck disappear down the block . heart in she throat . calm she nerve and now walk over to the pesky key again . smack in the middle of a puddle now . boom up the post harness power line which surround the area until we stop on a pair of industrial bolt fastened around the insulator of a thick power line . from here we see miranda bend down and pick up she key . and now the bolt suddenly shake off they hinge , come loose right in front of we eye -- move by some invisible force -- miranda tilt she head at the sound of a metallic SNAP and turn . the bolt pop out of they socket . the live wire uncoil like some gigantic serpent and swing straight towards the paralyze miranda -- she look down at she foot , ankle - deep in the puddle , back up at the 11000 volt of power about to fry she to a crisp and jump out of the way at the last second . the wire hit the water and the monumental charge send SPARKS fly in every direction . it look like lightning . a silent , sudden beat . that be as close as close get . miranda ( fight tear ) what do you want from I ? no sign of Rachel . miranda yell at the air , glance over she shoulder , seemingly dement : miranda what be it you want I to do ?!! a moment . miranda strand . the steal car in the middle of the road . and now the squeak of a gate open abruptly . miranda whip she head in the direction of the sound . it 's the front gate to she house . and now the front door swing OPEN . and now the live room light switch on . ( continued ) 70 . continued : clearly Rachel want she back in the house . miranda I can not . ( softly ) please , please do not make I go back in there . but even as she 's say this she foot be move towards it . she pause , look at the car in the middle of the road . look at the fizzling puddle where she be almost electrocute . no neighbor have come out to investigate yet , but how long can that last ? she walk to the car . int . simon' car miranda climb in , not sure whether to laugh or cry here . she 's never ask a ghost for permission before : miranda bear with I , I be just parking it out of the way so it will not look suspicious in the middle of the road -- okay . she start the engine and pull over to the sidewalk . int . miranda and doug's house miranda stand in she live room , stare at she handiwork . frozen with dread . the blood have be clean up some , but the mess remain . the upturn furniture cover in plastic , the chalk outline of the body , the yellow crime - scene tape , the shattered mirror above the fireplace , the muddy footprint of dozen of cop , coroner , etc . the fade write on the wall : " not alone . " miranda take it all in , not entirely sure what she 's suppose to be look for . miranda ( piece it together ) not alone . what happen to you happen to other girl . ( beat ) I understand . and I be sorry . but there be nothing I can do about it now . it have nothing to do with I . ( continued ) 71 . continued : not know what else to do , she turn to exit when the television set suddenly come to life , make she jump . the unmistakable music from some old WB cartoon at full blast . she stare at the tv screen . be there some sign here she should be able to follow ? she cross to turn it off and immediately double over in pain -- miranda shit . she look at she foot . a big shard of glass be stick right through the flimsy hospital slipper into she skin . blood already seeping from the nasty cut -- int . bathroom miranda seat on the edge of the tub , slowly pull out the piece of glass , drop it in the wastebasket . she grab a cotton ball and alcohol and start clean the cut . and now , faint at first , but growing louder -- she hear the hollow wet SOUND we have come to associate with Rachel . Inside the room with she -- miranda stare at the medicine cabinet . do the mirror move ? we watch she from the mirror Pov as she hold perfectly still , listen . the SOUND now seem to have stop . a silent beat . she turn she attention back to clean she cut , grimace as the alcohol burn she skin . it look painful . and now the slow squeak of the medicine cabinet door make she look up again . and she see herself in the mirror like the night of the slaughter : flame all around she . nake arm raise . wrist shackle . anima sola . she stare . mesmerized . the sound of flame growing louder . miranda no. no. no ... miranda walk slowly to the mirror . incredibly , the image reflect back at she also grow bigger . as if the two version of she be literally walk towards each other . from a side angle we see both they face mere inch apart . miranda bring she fingertip to the mirror and touch it . immediately pull she hand back . ( continued ) 72 . continued : miranda stare at she fingertip . the tip be burnt . the skin sizzle softly . 200 percent scientifically impossible . and when she look up at the mirror again -- the image be go . it be now deathly quiet . and what she find herself stare at in the mirror be the reflection of something just behind she . a fold newspaper discard in the far corner of the room . she turn to look at it now . it 's open to the realty listing page . Doug must have leave it there . she pick it up and look closer : focus on a picture of a bank - repossess property . the address be in willow Creek . her brain wire start click . this must be what Rachel want she to see . she stare at it . push in on the picture as we -- match CUT to : ext . willow creek property - dawn a " for sale " sign still flap in the wind . the first few ray of light break through the dawn sky . miranda 's ( Simon 's ) car approach up the road until it fill the frame and park . miranda step out . she study the house before walk up the drive . we watch she peek through window and walk around back , look for something . what exactly , we do not know . ( neither do she . ) she make she way back to the start point and fix she stare now on the barn . the one place he have not look . int . barn Dark , empty . the wind outside cause the aluminum siding to flap noisily . it 's slightly unnerve , but hey , it 's just the wind . miranda cover the distance of the large room , perplex . there be something about this place . something she can not quite put she finger on . beckone she . with a last fruitless look , she head towards the front door when a glint of mental in the opposite corner stop she . she move to it . ( continued ) 73. continued : and here , where the wall should meet , there be a narrow gap , lead to a passage , maybe five inch wide . a padlock chain have be thread through a hole in both wall , hold they together . miranda inspect the heavy padlock , the source of the glint . she tug on the wall and open it to the limit of the chain , but that 's only a few inch more . miranda peer into the darkness beyond , but can not see a thing . hesitate only a moment , she turn sideways and slide herself into the claustrophobic slot . she move forward cautiously a few foot until she face brushes against something hang in the air . she stop , startle . it 's a pull -string hang from a naked light bulb . she tug on it . and now she have 60 watt of reddish glow to see the hatch on the floor immediately in front of she . she pull on the latch and it open with a rusty creak . she peer into the pitch - black basement below . feel around for the beginning of a stepladder and climb down . int . secret basement miranda emerge from the ladder into total darkness . whatever dim reddish light be provide by the bulb upstairs do not reach here . she feel around the wall for a switch . nothing . miranda ( to self ) it 's not shrink - appropriate to be afraid of the dark , right ? abruptly there 's a sharp click as she light Simon 's key - chain lighter , and the wavery light illuminate the vast space . rat scurry for cover . it take a second to orient ourselves . something metallic catch the lighter 's reflection way in back . miranda walk towards it . miranda hello ? she take a few more step until she foot hit a bulk on the floor . she stop . kneel down and in the dim half - light we make out a backpack . she unzip it and rifle through it ( t-shirt , underwear , walkman ) until she find a wallet . open the billfold and bring the lighter next to the id : the picture belong to a teenager name " tracy marie seaver . " ( continued ) 74 . continued : miranda be there anybody here ? hello ? the lighter in she hand be get hot , so she let it click off . when it come back on we see she have wrap a rag T-shirt around it for insulation . miranda step deeper into the room . up ahead , she can make out the metallic thing that reflect light before . it be a hook in the ceiling . and suspend from it be several heavy chain . like a meat rack . and now she catch a whiff of the terrible smell and see the body of the teenage girl : hang upside down , tie around the hand and ankle . Medical training kick in , miranda quickly lower the girl to the ground , cause the angry rat to skitter away . miranda go away ! fuck off ! ( we see the follow in between flick of the lighter so that we go from midnight black to wavery light in a almost strobe - light effect : ) she check for vital sign , pulse , heartbeat -- miranda 's adrenaline at full tilt -- miranda c'mon , c'mon , c'mon -- she strike the flint and bring the lighter to the girl 's pupil . inspect they . slap she repeatedly , clinically . the strobe effect also allow we glimpsis of the immediate surroundings : household tool strewn about ; wire cutter , plier -- a pool of dry blood . miranda wake up , Tracy , wake up -- nothing . she unty the wire around the girl 's ankle . the skin swollen grotesquely around they . she shake the girl . slowly come to the realization that it 's too late . 75 . ext . barn - later miranda come crash out of the barn , double over and throw up . the bright light outside blind she momentarily . her bloodshot eye take a moment to register -- the patrol car park in front of the house . a police officer cautiously peer inside she steal car . he look up and notice she . miranda hesitates . nowhere to run . the officer wave . his name be turlington . officer turlington howdy there . he say this while already strolling over . miranda 's mind race a mile a minute -- officer turlington everything okay ? miranda y-y . officer turlington that you vehicle , mar 'am ? she stare at the young , friendly cop . his leave hand rest on he belt . right next to he gun . but it seem as if he have no idea who she be . at least not yet . miranda yes -- I -- I just pull over . I be -- look for a bathroom . Morning sickness , you know ... officer turlington congratulation . but I be afraid this be private property -- you can not just waltz on in . you understand that . she nod , nerve shot to hell . start walk . miranda I will be on my merry way now . my husband will never forgive I if I get a ticket for trespasp . ( continued ) 76 . continued : the cop nod at that , seem to have a fair grasp of marital dynamics . he flash a smile but suddenly stop , whip out he gun and train it on she -- officer turlington Holy shit . ( click the safety off ) Lady , stay right where you be . miranda shut she eye , bust . freezes . officer turlington hand up where I can see they . miranda awkwardly raise she shaky hand . officer turlington Nice and slow , start talk to I . and make it good . tell I just exactly who that be . a confuse miranda slowly turn in the direction he 's look to see Tracy seaver at the barn door . dragging herself in agony , clearly in a severe state of shock . batter , yet somehow -- incredibly -- still alive . but just barely . ext . jackson hospital - day a car pull up to the chaotic er area . phil parson and Pete step out , rush inside . int . hospital er - men' room - day sheriff Ryan be busy at the urinal . but even here he can not find any peace because teddy Howard be on he case -- sheriff ryan Mr. Howard -- let I simply list the event you client be involved in last night . first she drug a janitor , steal he car and escape a mental institution -- teddy howard hold on , there be not even any substantial evidence -- ( continued ) 77 . continued : sheriff Ryan zip up he pants , flush and run the sink to wash he hand -- sheriff ryan Mr. Howard -- there be not evidence because the overdose janitor have not wake up , that 's why -- and when you client be question on the matter she admit to inject a full syringe of -- teddy howard ( hand he a paper towel ) you have no right to question my client without my presence -- sheriff ryan Mr. Howard , this be not a courtroom . you client be read she rights and she still insisted -- teddy howard -- let I ask you this , sheriff : what exactly be a janitor do with several vial of sedative inside my client 's cell ? and be it not possible he have take some drug himself before my client -- sheriff Ryan discard the paper towel and walk out to the wait room , teddy follow closely -- int . er waiting room paramedics and nurse do they thing . the young officer who arrest miranda hand the sheriff a cup of coffee . sheriff ryan I be not a drug expert . I be simply state the frigging fact . sheriff Ryan burn he tongue on the coffee , notice parson and Pete approach . relief cross he face . sheriff ryan phil , thank God -- this guy 's drive I nut ! parson what happen ? ( continued ) 78 . continued : sheriff ryan a ' incident ' -- for lack of a better frigging word -- involve miss grey and a teenage girl who 's be torture and be in critical condition and chance be slim she will even utter another word . pete who 's the girl ? sheriff ryan a runaway from Portland , Tracy Marie seaver . reported miss a couple week ago . we find miss grey in some barn off willow Creek with the girl all mess up . I be just now wait for the surgeon to give I a update . ( to teddy ) notice , counselor , how I be not even mention she trespasp or lie to a police officer . teddy wave he off in frustration . go to talk to turlington . sheriff ryan Christ , the woman 's get the entire hospital busy -- sheriff Ryan notice teddy talk to turlington -- sheriff ryan why be you harass my deputy ? teddy howard I be only ask he where he get the coffee -- ? sheriff ryan he 's not at liberty to answer that . you have have enough goddamn coffee already . the sheriff leave Pete and parson . they walk over to the water cooler where they can talk more privately . pete we need to get miranda back to the institute . she need psychiatric care , not a prison cell . ( continued ) 79 . continued : parson nod , lose in think . sheriff Ryan return . sheriff ryan phil , how well do you wife know the suspect ? parson why do you ask ? sheriff ryan because she 's at the station right now , demand to speak with she . parson frown at this , concerned . Pete study he . int . county station holding cell - day bare room . a desk and two chair . Glass window pane to insure no privacy . dorothy parson ( 5as ) wait , seat . the door open and a deputy escort miranda in . she sit across from dorothy , look as lose as can be . a long beat . dorothy how be you ? miranda do not answer . her mind elsewhere . namely back at the barn and how it connect to Rachel . dorothy I need to see you , but I be not sure where to begin . I do not know you well , I certainly have nothing but fond feeling for you . phil always keep I post on he colleague and he work and -- in any case , I have always think of you as a very bright , very perceptive doctor . even though I do not know you well . she pause here . miranda look up now . her face hollow and exhaust . bag under she eye . a person who have see too much . wonder where the hell this be go . dorothy my point be , my point be -- when Rachel die I have , um , I suffer through this spell , this recur dream . ( more ) ( continued ) 80 . continued : dorothy ( cont 'd ) and eventually , once I come to term with she death , they go away . lose a child be the hardest , most inconceivable event a mother can -- she drift off . take a beat to collect herself and resume : dorothy the past few day I have be have the same dream . a nightmare . miranda can not help but smile to herself at that . miranda that word . nightmare . welcome to my life . dorothy this nightmare involve Rachel but it also involve you . in the nightmare Rachel hold a box in she leave hand . a small box . and she repeat a series of number . now , Rachel never speak , from the time she be bear -- she have a condition -- I often ask God why he punish this child in such a way -- she could not speak , but she be extremely bright . she be not autistic as the doctor claim -- dorothy parson start to cry . a moment pass like this . it seem she will not recover enough to continue she tale . miranda Mrs. parson , you need a therapist . normally I would encourage you to schedule a session with I but as you can see -- dorothy shake she head , determine to finish . she pull out a fold piece of paper . dorothy every night the same box in she hand and the same number . I write they down . ( continued ) 81 . continued : she slide the paper over . miranda watch she carefully , then look at the piece of paper . the number be : 1-0-2-2-0-1. a long beat . dorothy it 's a message . it 's a code for something . I do not know what . but she want you to have it . miranda study it . Studies this woman , who quite frankly seem to have completely lose she mind . then she look back at the number and be slowly hit with a realization . miranda October 22nd , 2001 . it 's my wedding date . she stare at dorothy , stunne . Brain click -click - click . her wildest fear confirm : Doug be behind this somehow . miranda that code belong to a safety deposit box my husband keep in a bank up in newcastle , that 's where he parent live . ( beat ) dorothy , I need you to drive up there and open it . dorothy stare at she , scared . and finally nod . ext . woodward institute - day Pete hurry down the front step of the main building as two police cruiser pull up . miranda be bring out of one of the cruiser by two officer . pete we can take that off now . sheriff Ryan lean out of the other cruiser . sheriff ryan do not push it , Doctor . she 's cuffed until you people secure she in a cell . ( continued ) 82. continued : Pete sigh , gesture for the officer to bring she in . irene and two heavy - duty orderly will also be part of the escort . miranda lock eye with Pete as she approach . pete be you alright ? miranda ( quietly ) I be wrong . it be not phil parson . it be Doug . pete can we talk about this later ? ( to sheriff ) thanks , sheriff . sheriff ryan tomorrow morning first thing my deputy be here . pete I know , I know . we will see you then . sheriff ryan and my offer still stand if you need add security . pete thank you . she will not go anywhere . I guarantee it . the sheriff wave , whatever . knock twice on the hood and the officer behind the wheel shift into drive . miranda that 's why Rachel pick I . it be doug. I be so stupid . Pete regards she now , have no idea what she 's go on about this time . tries to remain professional . pete Inside , okay ? int . cafeteria - moment later lunch time for the female wing . a excited shelley rush over to a table where Chloe and Jenna be , whisper something to they . they glance at the door . ( continued ) 83. continued : a moment later , miranda walk in with she police escort . take she across the cafeteria towards the back door . a uneasy Pete lead . irene and the warden at the rear . miranda glance at the woman stare at she like a specimen . like somehow she 's even more dangerous than they . top dog , as it be , of the crazy . and then , halfway across the room , one of the woman stand up . Chloe . she clap she hand together . slowly . miranda watch she , confuse . and slowly shelly , Jenna and other rise as well . all of they join Chloe in clap . pete what be this ? irene she 's a hero . Little Red Riding Hood put the big bad wolf in a coma . Pete nod . just what he need . the officer trade look . officer # 1 they be not gonna start something , be they ? irene shake she head , amused . irene you be not scared of a bunch of woman now , be you , Officer ? the entire cafeteria be on they foot show they solidarity for miranda . Chloe lock eye with she , mouth the word " thank you . " and miranda be haul out the side door . int . miranda's new cell White . surveillance camera in every corner . two separate door with elaborate lock . High security all around . the officer undo miranda 's cuff and excuse themselves . Pete gesture for irene and the orderly to leave as well . orderly # 1 we will be right outside , Doctor . ( continued ) 84 . continued : once the door be lock and they be alone , the conversation jump straight into frustrated high gear : pete I pull a lot of string to get you transfer back . the best case scenario you be look at right now be five year here . five. under my -- miranda ( interrupt ) Peter , I do not believe in ghost before this . and neither do you . Pete be at the end of he rope . can not hide he sadness when he look at she . still , he try to get she back on track : pete but you know that the brain be fully capable of trick you into see all sort of thing . the simple chemical deficiency can -- miranda Chemical deficiency can not get inside of you and make you do terrible thing you do not remember do ! pete I be a very open-minded person , but as a doctor -- miranda no , you be not . you be a close - minded academic , just like I . you tell I once that I be the most logical person you know , remember ? well , everything that 's happen have a explanation but it have nothing to do with psychiatry or science . Rachel parson be abduct and she be murder six year ago -- toss off the Ashley Bridge by my husband . my harmless , righteous ' community leader ' husband -- that 's how pathetically blind I have be . ( more ) ( continued ) 85 . continued : miranda ( cont 'd ) andrea White and Jenny dixon be also abduct and murder -- now this be before I meet Doug but I bet you anything that they both go to he school . then he obviously stop for a while : fear , guilt , distraction -- namely I -- delay he from reverting to he sickness . that 's why I do not notice anything . I believe he really try to lead a normal life , for I . then along come Tracy seaver and he can not resist . lock she up and torture she in some abandon property -- she show he the crumpled newspaper list . miranda here 's Doug 's interest in real estate , Pete . Pete stare at the realty list for willow Creek . miranda Rachel parson be a piss - off ghost with a agenda , furious at she parent for give up on she -- she 's be try to communicate with they for year but they be too goddamn logical to pay attention -- and she pick I , she seek I out that night and send I home to fix she problem . make sure I kill Doug because he be go to do the same thing to Tracy seaver as he do to she . and she will get rid of anyone who stand in she way . Pete take all of this in . dumbfound . pete be that a threat ? miranda to whom ? pete to I . ( continued ) 86 . continued : miranda to you ? I be tell you she nearly electrocute I when I try to leave town and she lead I to that barn and if I do not do what she want -- she 's go to kill I . Pete can see that she 's petrify . he start to speak , but she hush he by gently place she finger on he lip . the gesture be tender , almost romantic . a reminder of they very real connection . miranda I need you to at least consider the possibility that I be not insane . ( beat ; plead ) not as a doctor . as the only person I trust in this world . ext . newcastle community bank parking lot - day a tense phil and dorothy parson in they park car . dorothy I be not do it for miranda , I be do this for Rachel . parson you be make a complete fool of yourself . do you realize what you sound like ? she sigh , climb out of the car , leave he there . take three step . stop . turn back around and let he have it : dorothy what do I sound like , phil ? like one of you patient ? well , it 's probably because that 's exactly how you treat I . and I have have enough of this deafen silence between we , this exemplary mourn in front of the community , tiptoeing around we life with you pretend Rachel never exist . bank customer walk around the argument , pretend not to hear . phil be mortify . but dorothy do not care : ( continued ) 87 . continued : dorothy I be lose my mind . we daughter be go and I miss she and I be angry . she turn and storm off . phil take it all in for the first time . a moment later he climb out of the car . int . bank vault - day a solemn guard place the safety deposit box on the table in the middle of the room . step back through the gate and wait . dorothy and phil stare at the box for a moment . finally , phil punch in the code write out by he wife and open it . he sort through some paperwork that mean nothing to he until he hand feel a thick envelope . he open it and spill the content on the table . it be a stack of polaroid . dorothy lean in and immediately she face darken . she grab onto the table , shakily -- and be force to sit down . a horrify sob rise from deep inside she , come out like the howl of a die animal . her husband pale , all blood drain from he face . ext . woodward institute - evening the sky darken fast . the storm move in . int . woodward institute - nurse ' station thunder rumble outside , make a tray of med rattle . pan up to see consuelo , the round black woman we might remember Chloe beat up earlier . she shake she head . consuelo it 's gonna be a interesting night . int . miranda's new cell miranda look up at the sound of the bolt be drawn and the handle unfasten . through the door come consuelo , carry a tray . set it down by the bed . she be on she way out when she pause , stare at miranda . ( continued ) 88. continued : consuelo how be we do today ? that term again , " we . " doctor-speak . miranda do not have the energy for it : miranda just fine , thank you . consuelo the spirit be not fine . she 's very unhappy . what be that ? normally miranda would look at this woman as if she be crazy , but thing have change . miranda how -- how do you know ? consuelo ( shut she eye ) but she 's only a girl . do you know she name ? miranda yes. Rachel . consuelo have you talk to she ? miranda yes , I -- you could say that . consuelo hold miranda 's hand firmly , " read " she . consuelo she 's very , very angry . and she 's not finish with you yet . miranda I be sure that 's mean to sound comforting but -- consuelo she want to show you something . miranda that may be so , but I want she to go away . consuelo then you need to protect yourself . ( continued ) 89 . continued : miranda and how exactly would I do that ? consuelo mira , first I be gonna bring you some cascarilla , it 's a powder , you get it anyplace , it come from egg -- you pour it all over you -- ( indicate ) like this -- miranda look -- ( read nametag ) consuelo , I appreciate what you be try to do , but I honestly do not think this ghost will go away if I pour some egg powder on myself -- consuelo hold up a finger , hush miranda . she 's receive something here . shudder . consuelo she make you do thing . bad thing , do not she ? miranda yes . consuelo and you carry this out for she . she use you as a vessel ... consuelo 's grip tighten on miranda as we -- flash CUT to : flashback - ext . ashley bridge - night we be back at the bridge . Rachel pries open miranda 's mouth . miranda panic : miranda what be you do ? I be try to help you -- ?! Rachel open she mouth wide like a snake . and as miranda scream , blood start leak out of Rachel 's wound . and now we see it . Rachel 's lip touch miranda 's and breathe her spirit into miranda with a whoosh -- 90 . int . miranda's new cell - continuous action ( present ) consuelo let go of miranda 's hand . like recoil from fire . speak in the simple of way . the truth : consuelo you be possess by she . miranda yes . consuelo ay , probrecita . you be both in terrible danger . she 's scared too but she can not step back into the light until she finish what she start here . and now you be the only person who can help she find the way back . miranda I do not know how to do that -- I be not qualified for it . you do it . consuelo cross herself . a sign of respect for the situation . but it have a chill effect on miranda . consuelo despair be the only unforgivable sin . you will be in my prayer , miranda . prayer ? what good be that go to do ? consuelo exit . ext . parson ' house - night two police cruiser park outside . int . parson ' live room - night a glassy - eye phil parson serve himself another scotch , devastate . the shot be framed so that we see the bedroom door be open , dorothy lie in bed , heavily tranquilize . sheriff Ryan inspect the photograph . on the lurid polaroid postcard from hell : scared teenage girl in force pose -- gag , torture -- andrea White , Jenny dixon , Tracy seaver ... ( continued ) 91 . continued : and young Rachel parson . parson this prove that she story be true : my daughter appear to she in some form and guide she through all this , put thing right . sheriff ryan come on , phil , you of all people -- parson I of all people hold logic , reason and fact above everything else . and seek the truth through proof and proof only . ( be : picture ) and what do you call that ? sheriff ryan have it occur to you that maybe she know what she husband be do to that girl ? parson no. frankly , it have not . sheriff ryan maybe she could not stand the guilt and cook up this far- fetch tale to tug at everybody 's heartstrings . the fact remain she hack she husband to piece . parson the fact remain my daughter be murder and miranda stop the killer . a killer who be loose under you incompetent nose for over six year . we do not know how many future victim be spare , but we do know she save that girl in the barn 's life . and that 's more than you or I can say -- ! sheriff ryan calm down . for the record , that girl be on a ventilator . the doctor do not think she will make it through tonight . ( more ) ( continued ) 92 . continued : sheriff ryan ( cont 'd ) now , you want to stand up in a courtroom and tell a judge that a ghost be behind all this , that 's you prerogative -- but I have to abide by the law . and the law say miranda grey face criminal charger . so here 's what we be go to do . I be go to leave a cruiser outside to make sure you do not go anywhere tonight and two of my deputy will go guard Ms. grey until tomorrow morning . phil ? parson do not respond . his eye far away . sheriff ryan there will be no breakout , no aid and abetting , no take the law into you own hand . it will take a Act of God for miranda grey not to show up in that courtroom tomorrow . be we clear ? and now the sheriff can see that parson be cry . quietly , miserably . and it 's a disparage sight . sheriff Ryan exit . two deputy follow , radios squawking . parson remain still for a moment , then dig a photograph out of a drawer . a picture of Rachel in happier time . parson I be sorry . I will never forgive myself for what happen to you . not as long as I live . ( break down ) I miss you so much . he sit there , stare at he dead daughter . grieving . we pull back to see he be not alone . Rachel be watch he . ext . woodward institute - night the wind have really picked up now . a massive lightning bolt streak the sky , officially announce the storm 's onset . a police cruiser pull up to the guard gate . 93. int . woodward surveillance booth pan off the bank of monitor to the same two guard we have see before . play yet another bored card game . the light rapping on they glass door make they look up . guard # 1 help you ? two officer stand there . we recognize one of they : officer turlington we be here on miranda grey detail . the Guards shake they head , chuckle . guard # 1 Sixth floor . you can get a couple chair from the nurse up there . a pretty decent cup of joe too . officer turlington thanks , guy . the Guard point at the bank of monitor . guard # 1 although why the sheriff be make you fella waste you time be beside I . we get she right here . she be not go no place . on monitor miranda inside she pristine white cell . restlessly pace . officer turlington look perfectly harmless , do not she ? guard # 1 do not they all , Officer , do not they all ? the man share a chuckle over that one when suddenly thunder crackle and the power go out . no monitor , no radio , no nothing . pitch black . guard # 1 shit . there go the card game . abruptly there 's a series of sharp click as four flashlight come alive . 94 . int . miranda's new cell the thunder outside rattle the window pane . the only light source be the intermittent lightning as the STORM rage . she pace in the dark . sits. wait . int . woodward institute - stair - same time the two cop use they flashlight to hustle up the stair . int . miranda's new cell - same time miranda hold she breath , listen . and sure enough , somebody else be in the room . she look around . miranda no. no . what do you want -- ? and now lightning streak the room and we see Rachel in the corner . stare with she dead eye . move towards she . miranda I have do everything you have ask I to . my life be ruin . I can not take this anymore . I can not ... ( faintly ) you have to step into the light , Rachel . you do not belong here -- you do not belong ... but it do not work . Rachel keep walk towards she . miranda back up against the wall . trapped . Fighting tear -- miranda into the light -- ( loudly ) can somebody come in here ? I need help . somebody , please ! int . woodward institute - different floor - stair - same time the cop reach the landing where we see other flashlight down the corridor . they walk towards they . irene and who be you ? ( continued ) 95 . continued : officer turlington Officer turlington , mar 'am . we be suppose to sit outside miranda grey 's cell all night . irene knock yourself out . next floor up . ( loudly ) it 's only a power outage , lady -- let 's call it a early night . the cop head down the corridor . int . miranda's new cell - same time Rachel stretch out she arm to miranda 's face -- miranda please do not . why be you do this ? it 's over . over and do ! Rachel slowly shake she head , place she hand on miranda 's eye and shut they -- flash CUT to : miranda's vision - andrea white in she school uniform . stare straight ahead . now the image be bath in a red and blue light and we see she half - naked , bruise . Dead . flash CUT to : jenny dixon stare at we in she school uniform . now abruptly she be a hellish vision : open she mouth in agony , also bath in the strange red and blue light -- end of miranda's vision . int . miranda's new cell - continuous action miranda scream at the vision . Rachel hold she steady . miranda stop it ! I do not want to see this ! I can not help you anymore ! stop it ! ( continued ) 96 . continued : now a heavy rattling make she turn to the door . one of the hinges have shatter and the latch itself be half - pull from the doorframe . relentless pounding on the other side . miranda let I out of here ! let I out ! there 's a deafen SOUND like a thousand bell ringing at once and miranda cover she ear -- outside we hear murmur , yell , instruction -- int . woodward institute - corridor the cop arrive to find every door in the corridor flung open . confused patient spill out as guard and nurse try to restore order . radios squawk , flashlight beam and footstep fill the dark corridor as patient try to escape . ext . woodward institute - various shot - night FIRE engine and patrol car arrive at the scene , siren blaze . sheriff Ryan and additional deputy rush from they car to contain the breakout . a large spotlight come to life . we spot Jenna make a run for the garden wall when the spotlight hit she . two officer rush after she . int . woodward institute sheriff Ryan make he way through the mayhem , past irene help a patient , past nurse Claire cower in a corner -- sheriff ryan Christ almighty . sheriff Ryan hit the stair . int . sixth floor corridor Officer turlington run down the corridor , search frantically with he flashlight -- ext . woodward institute - night a car pull up at the scene . Pete and parson step out . ( continued ) 97 . continued : pete miranda ... Pete rush up the step -- int . sixth floor corridor Officer turlington look inside miranda 's cell . empty . and as he be about to speak into he walkie he spot she : seat by the elevator . holding a bite block in shelley 's mouth as she seize subside . officer ( into radio ) sheriff ? I have miss grey right here . he flash he light at she . miranda look back blankly . officer turlington sorry , we think you might have make a run for it . miranda page irene asap . this patient need she med . turlington nod . miranda look down at a grateful shelley , whose head be cradle in she lap . brushes the matte hair off she face . carefully remove the bite block , make sure shelley be alright . shelley ( after a beat ) you be gonna get that pulitzer after all . miranda shh , shh , just rest . shelley ( sotto , smile ) I tell you I could keep a secret . int . rec room - later the patient be all assemble here . flashlight galore . irene and consuelo do head count . Guards , officer , janitor -- everybody . irene point a finger at Jenna . ( continued ) 98 . continued : irene you have really disappointed I tonight , Jenna -- jenna give I a break . you would not respect I if I have not try -- parson break away from turlington , head over to Pete and miranda -- pete everybody account for ? parson we be do the final count . now they can not find the sheriff . miranda scan the near-dark room , look for someone . watch turlington step aside to take a call on he radio . parson regards she with newfound respect : parson be you alright , miranda ? miranda Fine , phil . thanks for ask . suddenly all the policeman in the room begin to exit -- pete what 's go on , Officer ? officer turlington one of you patient be hold the sheriff at gunpoint . she 's in the cafeteria . Pete glance at miranda . she know exactly who it be : miranda Chloe . turlington be about to exit when parson stop he : parson I think Doctor grey should be the one to talk to she . int . cafeteria - moment later the door crash open and Chloe shove the sheriff inside . she have a gun press hard against he ear . ( continued ) 99 . continued : sheriff ryan Young lady , I do not know how you think you can get out of here , but -- chloe you be very polite for a piggy . now take off you uniform . sheriff Ryan hesitates . Chloe press the gun against he . chloe do it quick . I will not make fun of you . the sound of the upstair door be thrown OPEN make she glance up . she train she flashlight at the second level , step behind the sheriff to use he as cover . chloe nobody better fuck move up there or I will blow this piggy 's head off ! her flashlight beam search the section . catch the reflection of a police shield hide behind a table . chloe that mean you , fucko . up on you foot or I will start by shoot he ear off . a beat . Officer turlington rise . slow and deliberate . chloe ( to sheriff , sotto ) tell junior the grownup be talk now and he 's not allow in here . do it . sheriff ryan turlington , it 's alright . I can -- I be just go to -- chloe the grownup be talk . do not paraphrase I . sheriff ryan the grownup be -- be talk now . just leave . ( continued ) 100 . continued : a voice startles Chloe from behind , at floor level . miranda Chloe ? can I talk to you ? Chloe flick the flashlight to see miranda by the door . chloe dreadful timing , I be real busy . miranda you have to let he go . I be sorry . Chloe flinch at that . like all this multitask be affect she . she dig the gun deeper into the sheriff 's neck , make he cower to he knee , execution style -- chloe look -- let 's not confuse thing . I like you . but this be my only chance . ( to sheriff ) now take off that goddamn uniform before I get really piss . the sheriff glance at miranda . miranda nod . the sheriff begin unbuttone he shirt -- miranda what be you go to do ? put on he uniform and walk out of here ? think about it , Chloe . they know you have he . the place be crawl with cop . chloe what be my option ? to grow old in this place ? it 's clear they will never let I go . never . ever . miranda that 's not true . you have less than a year leave here . chloe that 's a lie ! I will never stop be sick , they will just find something new that 's wrong with I . no wonder you doctor can not help anyone -- all you have be deficit column and stupid test design to point out what part of the puzzle you think we be miss ! ( continued ) 101 . continued : she start sobbing . letting everything go -- miranda you be right , doctor never concentrate on the thing patient be actually capable of . but I know you , Chloe , you have be through thing that most people do not survive . and you have a wonderful future in front of you if you choose it . it 's up to you . this get through to Chloe . her grip loosen on the gun . miranda no more guilt , no more hatred , no more unbearable sadness . you have no use for any of that anymore . you life begin this very second . chloe I be so tired . so goddamn tired -- miranda walk over and embrace she . Chloe hand she the gun . and that 's when the power return . miranda and Chloe freeze in they embrace . sheriff Ryan on he knee . in the sudden , shocking glare of return light , color abruptly re-enter the world and every radio , phone , fan and machine that be leave on hum to life . miranda find herself stare at sheriff Ryan , bath in the glow of the flash red and blue light from the cruiser outside . the image a replica of the andrea White and Jenny dixon vision . peek from he half - unbuttone shirt be the beginning of a chest tattoo . miranda slowly train the gun on the sheriff , finally strike with the realization : miranda it be you , be not it ? sheriff ryan what be you talk about ? she open he shirt to reveal the tattoo : a 1950s pinup - style woman surrounded by flame , arm raised , shackle . anima sola . miranda 's recur vision from the night of the slaughter . ( continued ) 102 . continued : miranda ' not alone . ' that 's what Rachel have be try to tell I all along . Doug be not alone . you be with he . this whole time it 's be you . you cover up they death to look like suicide . the sheriff throw he jacket on , start walk -- sheriff ryan you have lose you mind . miranda do not fuck move . the click ! of a safety be release make he pause . he turn to look at she . a tense beat . pete ( o.s. ) miranda , do not do it ! she glance at Pete 's plead face and the room around she : cop everywhere . all gun train on she . sheriff Ryan speak low so only she can hear the follow : sheriff ryan and just exactly who would believe you ? no proof , no live witness . everybody know you be crazy . miranda 's finger itches on the trigger as they face off . her hand start to shake . sheriff Ryan turn and stride off . get away . further. further ... but as much as she want to , she can not bring herself to do it . finally bring the gun down . the armed policeman rush over and disarm she , shove she to the floor and cuff she . sheriff ryan I want that woman in custody . she have a judge to face in the morning . ext . woodward institute - night ( heavy rain ) turlington escort a cuffed miranda to a wait cruiser . he jump behind the wheel and start to pull out when Pete suddenly tap on miranda 's window , startling she -- ( continued ) 103 . continued : pete I will call you lawyer and -- ! officer turlington Sir , not now -- pete I will meet you at the station ! she shake she head . mouth something Pete can not make out . officer turlington Sir , please -- pete what ? turlington hit the gas . miranda press she face against the window so only Pete can see she say the follow : miranda the girl in the hospital . Pete lock eye with she , nod -- as the cruiser leave . int . jackson hospital - recovering room - night Tracy seaver lie unconscious , hook up to a series of machine . pull back to find Pete with a young doctor . doctor her condition remain the same . basically that ventilator be keep she alive . we have no reason to think she will ever wake up . I be sorry . Pete nod , disconcert . stare at the girl . pete you mind if I stay here tonight ? doctor hey , it 's a big place . the more the merrier . if I can just ask you to wait outside . int . waiting area the Doctor gesture for Pete to make himself comfortable . ( continued ) 104 . continued : hospital loudspeaker ( v.o . ) Dr. brook to er . Dr. brook -- doctor that 's I . Excuse I . the Doctor rush off . int . recovery room # 2 like Tracy seaver , Simon reynold be hook up to a bunch of machine and cable . suddenly he eye shoot OPEN and the cardiac alarm squeal -- two nurse rush in . the young Doctor right behind . nurse # 1 v-tach . the ekg whipsaw . the Doctor feel for a pulse , then slap on the defibrillator pad , place the paddle on the chest -- doctor clear ! he begin chest compression on Simon 's heart . he spasm violently once , twice -- and then it stop . the Doctor and nurse stare at the monitor . flatline . unseen by they , Rachel step out of the room . ext . county police station - night we see turlington and two other cop climb in a patrol car and drive off . we move inside the empty station ... int . sheriff ryan's office sheriff Ryan take a healthy chug from a fifth of scotch , slip it back in a drawer . stare at he hand . steady as a rock . take a deep breath . know what he must do next . a religious man despite everything , he bring he thumb to he forehead and cross himself . int . county station - holding cell - moment later miranda 's eye snap open at the SOUND of deadbolt sliding unlocked . hopeful . could this be Rachel ? ( continued ) 105 . continued : a loom figure appear at the door . do not bother to shut it . stare at she silently for a long while . and so begin a claustrophobic cat and mouse game : sheriff ryan how do you know ? miranda you tell I . sheriff ryan this be not one of you word association game , Doctor . do Douglas tell you that night ? miranda why wait this long if he have ? sheriff ryan maybe it 's you amnesia . maybe you block it out . miranda maybe . but it seem to I that it 's vital you know for sure . he study she . take a step towards she . miranda respond by step back . a slow motion semicircle , if you will . she eye the open door . tempted . sheriff ryan you think I and Doug be monster . that this be all a carefully laid out plan with that girl . but it be not that at all . you do thing sometimes and you be not sure why you do they . then you realize you can live with they and so can everyone else . life go on . miranda if you be look for forgiveness , you come to the wrong place . she 's stalling , try to keep he talk and he know it . sheriff ryan one thing about fear be it make people say the dumbest thing . ( continued ) 106 . continued : miranda be that as it may , you be afraid too -- because you know kill I will not solve you problem . sheriff ryan my only problem be you . miranda what about parson ? and Peter ? they know . and that girl in the hospital will never forget you face . you miscalculate , now you pay . patience test , he suddenly whack she across the face . sheriff ryan I hate a bad bluffer . she make a big effort to hide how much that stung . miranda I sure hope that feel good because you can not afford too many more sign of struggle . can you ? sheriff ryan go ahead , hit I back . it 's what you want . miranda no , that 's what you want I to do . sheriff ryan back to profiling , huh ? you think process be completely transparent . and now miranda briefly take the rein of the conversation . analyst and patient in session . echoing she open scene with Chloe . miranda so we be even . you leave that door open so I would try and run , it 's what you get off on , be not it ? sheriff ryan I guess we will find out . ( continued ) 107 . continued : miranda and yet you have to make I look like a suicide . with what , you belt ? ( off he shrug ) how would I get access to a belt ? sheriff ryan trust I , prisoner hang themselves with just about anything . miranda I do not think that 's go to satisfy you . you will not be able to do this clean . you have too much guilt inside . smack ! another slap across the face . miranda 's knee buckle . but she remain stand . her lip tremble . miranda you be lose grasp of the situation . it be different with that girl . I bet all they do be cry and scream . sheriff ryan do not worry , you will scream . ( after a beat ) take off you shirt . this throw she off . she shoot a quick glance at the door . miranda be not I a little old for you ? sheriff ryan take it off . she hesitates . he draw he gun , tired . remove the safety . miranda that 's for show . you know you can not shoot I . sheriff ryan but I can smash you tooth out and make it look like you bashed you head against the wall . now shut up , take off you goddamn shirt and pull off you bra . ( continued ) 108 . continued : miranda be petrify now . running out of way to hide it . sheriff ryan today , Doctor . in a sudden move , miranda shove the chair at he and bolt out the door . the sheriff do not move to stop she . int . hallway to cell area - continuous action miranda dash down the hallway , try to escape . take quick inventory of the space : two more hold cell like she own , a row of filing cabinet , and a storage area with bar window . she make a turn up ahead and reach another gate down the corridor . a slide gate that close off the cell area from the main station . she try the gate . lock , naturally . she shake and bang on it , desperate . miranda turlington !! somebody help I !! no response . and no way to disguise the sheer panic in she voice . she fall for he trap . they be all alone here . int . miranda's cell - same time Ryan smile at that . re-holster he weapon and walk towards she , take he time . relishing the hunt . sheriff ryan Doug mention you be painfully ' modest . ' but enough about you , let 's discuss Rachel . int . hallway to cell area - continuous action now miranda search for a place to hide . his footstep getting closer -- sheriff ryan ( o.s. ) she be no crippled saint . be not the first time she turn up at Doug 's house all mess up . 109 . another angle sheriff Ryan peek down the corridor where we last see miranda . the gate still lock . she 's not there . he trace she step , clearly enjoy this : sheriff ryan sure she be a minor , but she be not go to let that get in she way . int . storage area - same time miranda be cramped underneath a upturn desk . the shot be framed so we can see the doorway . she pray silently : miranda ( sotto ) Rachel , where be you when I need you ? clearly not here . sheriff Ryan 's voice get closer : sheriff ryan ( o.s. ) that other girl -- make no mistake -- they know what they be get into . he appear at the doorway now , peek inside the room . sense she in there . miranda hold she breath . sheriff ryan I be not say they know they be go to die , but truth be , Doug and I do not know it be go to end that way . it be just the natural extension of that moment . so yeah , we fuck they and we kill they . and we know it be wrong . sure we do . he reach the upturn desk and flip it over with a clanging SOUND . miranda be not underneath that one . she scramble to the door behind he as he turn -- int . hallway to cell area - continuous action she slam the door shut on he finger and fumble to slide the deadbolt behind she when the door suddenly smashes OPEN against she , knock she backwards onto the floor -- he loom over she . she reach around for anything to defend herself . nothing there . game over -- ( continued ) 110 . continued : sheriff ryan it be not some satanic pact , society do not make we do it . but I believe give the proper circumstance a person be capable of anything -- certainly in my line of work you see it day in , day out . ( beat ) tell you what , keep the shirt . the bra will do . miranda stare , helpless . the sheriff gesture for she to begin . like he have all the time in the world . miranda slide up the wall and start to unclasp she bra under she shirt . petrify -- sheriff ryan Chin up , Doctor . you want to get to the bottom of this and you do . you follow it all the way through . this be how it end . his demeanor and voice be eerily calm , as if in a trance . he take the bra from she hand and hang it around she neck , as if help somebody with they tie . she take a step back and find herself pin against the wall -- sheriff ryan Doug settle down once you two get marry . New start and all that . want nothing to do with this runaway I would find , Tracy seaver -- he squeeze the bra tightly around she throat , choke she . she stare straight into he eye -- she whole body simultaneously freeze in place and shaking uncontrollably -- sheriff ryan or so he claim . because the truth , Doc -- be people never change . the son of a bitch could not resist . I ask he to dump the body and instead he go find some barn to work she out of he system some more . go fuck figure . and now we pan down to see miranda 's leave hand ever so slowly reach for he holster ... ( continued ) 111 . continued : sheriff ryan you can not count on anyone , even friend you have have you whole life . they be so close together they nose nearly touch . he gaze into she eye , watch life drain out of she . he apply one final burst of pressure , stretch she skin to the point of no return -- sheriff ryan the only soul you can ever count on be yourself -- blam ! a gunshot ring out and half he ear explode in a gush of blood . he stumble back , still on he foot , daze . he look up at miranda with the gun train on he . struggle to catch she breath . a faint smile form on he lip , somehow appreciative of this turn of event . sheriff ryan why , Doctor . that be unexpected . he step forward , almost playfully . she slowly shake she head . wrap she finger tightly around the trigger -- sheriff ryan you sure about this ? he stare at she . blood flow from the side of he head . he 's now stand directly in front of miranda 's open cell , weigh he option at triple speed -- sheriff ryan you need I alive for you story to stick . be logical now . you know you can not kill I . he take exactly half a step forward when miranda drill a bullet through he forehead . sheriff Ryan splay backwards and land with a crash . miranda logic be overrate . int . hospital - waiting room - night the door to Tracy 's room be close . we find Pete where we leave he , by the soda machine , fight to stay awake . ( continued ) 112 . continued : moving toward he , we come to rest on the back of he neck . so tight we can actually see the hair on the back of he neck . and as he feel the swoosh of a cold whisper , they stand up on they end . Pete turn to Tracy 's room to notice that the door be now open . strange . he stand up and walk to the door . int . recovery room # 1 Pete look oddly around the room . pete anybody in here -- ? as he turn , we reveal Rachel slip out of the room . unseen by he , of course . Pete start to exit when Tracy open she eye . groggily waking as if from a dream . tracy seaver hello -- ? ext . county police station - night turlington come out of he cruiser , carry a bag of take - out food . chatt with he colleague . int . hallway to sheriff ryan's office - moment later turlington rap on the sheriff 's door and open it . officer turlington sheriff Ryan ? no sight of the man . that 's odd . maybe he 's in the bathroom . turlington head in that direction . int . men' room - moment later turlington peek in . check the stall . officer turlington sheriff ? nobody . he notice the back window be open because raindrop be blow in by the wind . he look out to the parking lot for a moment before shutting it . 113. int . police station - corridor the front desk officer be try to hold back a grim Pete , parson and teddy Howard from head to the back area . front desk officer I be sorry , but nobody be allow to visit at this hour -- pete be the sheriff here or be not he ? officer turlington ( reach the scene ) help you , gentleman ? pete we be here to see miranda grey . officer turlington you know full well you be not allow to see -- teddy Howard slap a official - look document on he . teddy howard that 's straight from judge wilkinson . take we to she cell . front desk officer better get the sheriff out here . turlington look over the paperwork , confuse . officer turlington sheriff Ryan be not here . his car be go too . parson Officer , unlock the goddamn door to miranda 's cell or I will break it down myself . turlington be not use to be speak to this way , certainly not by upstand director of psychiatric institute . he lead the man down the corridor and unlock the cell . the man wait as all three lock be dutifully undone and then the heavy door be sly open . the man look inside and instantly stop in they track . int . holding cell sheriff Ryan , splay . very dead . ( continued ) 114 . continued : officer turlington Jesus H. Christ . teddy Howard have to look away . Pete place he hand on parson ' shoulder . parson simply glare at the dead man , eye fill with hatred . no sign of miranda anywhere . vanish . like houdini . dissolve to : ext . woodward institute - day camera soar through the tall gate , past the guard , past the sprinkler water the impressive garden . a taxicab pull up . superimpose : six month later a healthier , much happier - look Chloe shake Pete 's hand at the front step . small suitcase by she side . chloe thank you for everything , Dr. Graham . I will never forget all you have do for I . pete it 's be my pleasure , miss mcgrath . good luck out there . Chloe smile . awkward . her first day out in the real world . chloe well , I guess this be it . I hope not to see you again unless it 's for coffee or something . pete hey , you never know . it 's a small world , unless you have to clean it . Chloe pick up she bag , climb down the step to she cab . stop midway , turn : chloe you do not have to tell I if you do not want to , but -- have you ever hear anything from -- ? Pete shake he head . Chloe nod , climb inside the cab . Pete wave as it drive off . then he pull out a postcard from he pocket . it have a New York City postmark . 115 . insert - postcard miranda ( v.o. ) dear Pete . hope this find you on both foot , preferably have be promote to director after phil 's retirement . not that you have much competition , but a big hug to you anyway ... I be as surprised as anyone to read about sheriff Ryan 's suicide and the startling discovery that it be he who murder my late husband . I wish I could personally thank certain people for they convincing testimony in the case . newspaper headline fly at we under she v.o. : a ) " female doctor still at large , want for question , " with a picture of miranda underneath . B ) " guilt-ridd serial killer kill accomplice , then kill self : female Doctor clear on charge . " picture of sheriff Ryan and Douglas grey side by side . C ) " authority close case on dual serial killer : community mourn murder daughter . " a picture of Officer turlington , Pete , and phil parson at a press conference . miranda ( v.o. ) as for myself , I have a new name now and a job work with teenage girl at a runaway shelter , try to keep a open mind at the horror they tell I ... ext . cemetery - day boom down to a young woman kneel down to set flower on a grave and we recognize she as Tracy seaver . shockingly clean up and properly attire -- she 's even cute . miranda ( v.o. ) which remind I : consuelo the Cuban witch be a keeper , do not fire she . she know thing about the world you and I do not . ( continued ) 116 . continued : pull back to see the give be Rachel 's , and it be positively overflow with flower . she 's become something of a cause celeb in this part . Tracy walk back to the retire couple hold hand , phil and dorothy parson . miranda ( v.o. ) well , gotta run now , I have some country song to write and lot of social invite to decline ... still pulling back through the lush cemetery , past several tree until we find Rachel watch the serene scene . she turn to camera now and we push into she eye , finally at peace , until it fill the screen and in it we see ... ext . bleeker STREET ( NYC ) - day miranda walk among the throng of pedestrian . she look confident , relaxed , down to earth . no longer the tightly wound professional at the beginning of we story . miranda ( v.o. ) p.s. and in case you be wonder what the chance be of I buy you a beer and maybe finish something we almost start , the answer be : it 's just not go to happen . especially not at mcsorley 's next Friday night . say around nine . so you probably should not bother show up . all my love , m.g . she turn at the light and get lose in the crowd . fade out . the end