grabber written by Kevin lehane production draft November 10 , 2010 production draft - pink revise , November 16 , 2010 production draft - blue revise , November 19 , 2010 production draft - yellow revise , November 28 , 2010 production draft - GREEN revise , December 10 , 2010 production draft - gold revise , January 28 , 2011 fade in : ext . ocean - night across the inky swell , a river of moonlight cut a path to a lonely fishing tug drift with the tide . the merry widow . int . merry widow galley - night a light bulb waltze with the sway of the boat . Three shabby irish fisherman unwind after dinner , play card . the eldest and scruffiest ( the skipper ) reveal he hand to a young deckhand ( greg ) . read them and weep . greg you can not be serious ? laugh , the skipper unspool himself from the cramped table as he and roy , the bloat first -mate , clamber above deck . greg every bloody night . ext . MAIN deck - night Roy and the skipper check the haul in net , until ... a silent arc of light slice across the sky . it careen downward in a furious trajectory and -- boom !! a mile off they port it collide with the sea . roy do you see that ? skipper ... yeah . roy a flare ? the skipper watch the water . unsure . greg leap on deck brandish a clutch of card . greg ye cheat ! there 's five ace ! I count them ! the skipper brushes past greg , distract . skipper secure the line . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 2. greg look to Roy . greg not so funny now , huh ? Roy pluck one of the five ace from greg 's hand and flip it over . its back be red . roy it 's from a different deck , ya muppet . he stick it to greg 's damp forehead and carry on as order . greg turn the remain ace over . they be blue . greg ... shite . ext . ocean - night foam rise as bubbles crest violently . close in , the merry widow cast its searchlight across the churn surf . int . pilothouse / ext . ocean the skipper steer carefully , hold a radio mic . skipper ( into mic ) Haven Point . Haven Point . Haven Point . this be fishing tug merry widow . call sign echo whiskey niner ait fife . position five nautical mile west of Erin Island . responding to unknown distress flare . over . the skipper pull back on the throttle , sloshing to a stop . he tap the sonar screen . a hazy shadow engulf the readout . skipper definitely something ... roy ( o.s. ) over there ! Roy shine he flashlight over the rail . roy there 's something in the water ! suddenly Roy wheel overboard , yank into the murky sea . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 3. the skipper drop the mic and rush to the rail with greg . skipper Roy ! Roy 's glow flashlight bob in the water . skipper can you see he ?! a hundred yard off on the opposite starboard side , far behind they , Roy surface scream ! greg and the skipper rush to the starboard rail . Roy 's gurgle , torture cry mist in the air . the skipper snap into action . second count . skipper do not lose he ! greg point , fix Roy 's position . the skipper grab a lifebuoy , light it up and throw . skipper Roy ! do not panic , mate . swim for the buoy ! greg c'mon , Roy , kick ! Roy 's head strain the surface , he arm flail in agonise spasm ... ... and then silence as he go under . the sound of water sloshes and lap against the hull . the skipper stare hopelessly at the water . greg 's point hand tremble . he lower it . the skipper shove a lifejacket into greg 's chest . skipper put it on . greg what happen ? skipper just do it , boy . greg do , fumble . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 4. the skipper load a flare gun and aim it overhead -- whoosh ! the glow red beacon graffity the starry sky . coastguard ( o.s. ) ( via radio ) merry widow . merry widow . this be coastguard Haven Point . please respond . over . skipper Radio a mayday ! ( off greg 's hesitation ) move ! greg scramble back to the helm -- int . pilothouse / MAIN deck - intercut -- and snatch the radio mic . greg ( into mic ) mayday-mayday-mayday . ( search chart ) merry widow , uh , echo whiskey niner ait fife . man overboard . man overboard . emergency assistance require . position -- the skipper scan the glassy sea with a flashlight . skipper roy ?! roy ?! subtly at first , the buoy 's bight of rope twinge . the skipper see it . his eye narrow -- -- it jerk like a fishing line . the skipper grab it and reel it in . skipper c'mon , Roy , mate . fight . underwater the buoy 's rope move towards the boat . int . pilothouse - night suddenly the trawler keel steeply . greg grip the fitting for support as debris rain on he . greg Jesus Christ ! grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 5. coastguard ( o.s. ) received mayday , merry widow . emergency rescue team dispatch . how many aboard ? over . Water lap over greg 's foot as the boat rights itself . greg survey the flood deck . the skipper 's go . greg ( into mic ) please hurry . coastguard ( o.s. ) hold you position , merry widow , rescue chopper on its way . over . greg drop the mic and edge outside . ext . MAIN deck - night the deck swim with water . greg hold he breath , listen . greg skipper ? the abandon c.b. mic swing to and for . almost playfully . coastguard ( o.s. ) merry widow , how many aboard ? over . greg round the pilothouse , breathe heavily . suddenly what look like a weird , headless black snake feel its way towards he boot . greg turn and bolt . he scramble to the stern amongst the net and snatch a gut - knife with both hand . trapped against the rail , panting , he pray for help but -- -- he's dragge overboard . his leg round in the air as he cascade into the sea . ext . ocean - night just beyond the merry widow , he surface gasp . greg oh Jesus . oh Jesus . oh jes -- he 's go . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 6. ext . ocean - night in the moonlight the isolate merry widow reposis mournfully . G R a B B E R S int . live room - morning ciarán o'shea lie face down on a sofa . his bed for the night . he grope a dry bottle of whiskey as a mobile phone ring . he stir awake . it 's no surprise he look like shite , but to be fair he 's not bad look after a wash . o'shea uh ... yeah ? someone we will meet later as sgt kenifick reply . kenifick's voice ( via speaker phone ) o' Shea , I take it you have leave already because if you have not , you be late . that ferry get in at nine . o' Shea rise , eye close . mouth dry . kenifick's voice where be you ? o'shea ... on the way . kenifick's voice so you be in the car ? o'shea ... yeah ... kenifick's voice so you be drive while on the phone ?! o'shea ... no . kenifick's voice in the name of God , I do not b-- o' Shea hang up and drop he whiskey bottle in a bin where it clatter with yesterday 's bottle , and the day before 's . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 7. ext . o'shea' house - morning a isolate house at the foothills of a mountain . a white garda patrol jeep leave the scene and -- ext . mountain road - morning -- ramble along the sunny coast . at the wheel , o' Shea be a very hungover , droopy eye garda . ext . erin island - morning lush green hill and whitewash bungalow , pastel beach and multi-coloured fishing boat . enchant . ext . marina ferry dock - day colourful crowd of family ( teens , kide , parent ) file onto the mainland ferry as it lie moor in the harbour . garda lisa nolan hustle through the mass drag a trolley bag and pass a sign that read : oileán éirinn , céad míle fáilte welcome to Erin Island Lisa open a map and wrestle with it in the wind . soon defeat , it blow out of she hand . lisa shit ! she chase it as if run down a mugger but it lift skyward and twirl haughtily in the air . suddenly inching towards she , drive with all the panache of a abandon shopping trolley , come o' Shea . bleary - eye and hunch over , he drop he window before she . o'shea well ? lisa howya . o' Shea , be it ? ciarán ? we speak on the phone . I be garda nolan , Lisa . o'shea you be not serious ? she consider he bedraggle appearance . he look like he want to vomit on she . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 8. lisa yeah , well . just be polite . o'shea be ya gettin ' in or what ? lisa I have a bag . he pop the boot and gaze back at the road , wait . ext . road - day tyre splash and crash in the war against pothole . ext . mountain road - day the jeep follow the mountain road ... int . patrol jeep - day wincing , o' Shea hug the wheel feel every agonise bump . a locket of Lisa 's slick ponytail come undone . she quickly yank it back give herself a face lift in the process . o' Shea belch under he breath and Lisa flinch . she pull a packet of mint from she bag . lisa would you like a mint ? o' Shea stare at they , then at she . barely read the road . o'shea Nah thanks , they give I heartburn . he belch again as they jostle over another pothole . Lisa drop she window and she hair erupt in the sea breeze . ext . garda station - day o' Shea and Lisa arrive at the station . Home from home . ext . beach - day across the grassy dune , dr jim gleeson walk he dog . for a health practitioner , he just preach . he fling a stick for he eager collie and it gallop over a dune . Dr gleeson follow , rise over the hill and stop cold as he see across the strand : a pod of pilot whale lay beached . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 9. int . garda station - day sgt kenifick wipe a thumb along he desk . on the verge of retirement he look more like tourist in he sunshine holiday garb . he rise to greet o' Shea and Lisa . kenifick garda nolan , lovely to have you . o' Shea , you look like shite . would you go way and shave . o'shea ( re. kenifick 's clothes ) a bit eager be not ya ? kenifick ( to lisa ) smooth crossing ? lisa smoother than most . o'shea coffee ? lisa that would be great , thanks . Lisa hand o' Shea a mug from she bag . he regards it . kenifick so what do you think of the place ? lisa it 's gorgeous , be not it ? kenifick ' tis indeed . o'shea and quiet as shite . kenifick and Lisa glance at o'shea . o'shea ( to lisa ) milk ? lisa uhm , what kind ? o'shea cow . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 10 . o' Shea and Lisa consider each other . line firmly draw . lisa I will take it black , thanks . kenifick 's mobile ring and he silence it . kenifick so you can have my desk while I be go . o' Shea will tell you , ' tis mostly administrative , processing permit and that sort . you might catch the odd bit of commotion every now and then but half the island 's leave for the show in dungary so it will be dead all weekend . lisa I be sure we can find something to do . o' Shea roll he eye and pass Lisa she coffee . lisa ta. she take it and sit at she desk , feel she surroundings . o'shea ( whisper to kenifick ) be she really necessary ? kenifick you tell I . Lisa carefully arrange she desk how she like it . neat . o'shea you be only go two week . I can handle two week . kenifick you could . but you would not . kenifick 's mobile ping . he check the text message . kenifick do not be late , I say . what do I say ? his phone ring again . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 11 . kenifick I be come , I be come . right , I be off . lisa not a bother . kenifick rightio . report and file in the top drawer , anything you need , o' Shea will be here to show you round . o' Shea ? o'shea you be gonna miss you boat . kenifick slán . kenifick leave . a uncomfortable silence fill the air like two stranger in a elevator . Lisa sip she coffee . hate it . o' Shea slump at he desk , throw he foot up and sigh . kenifick barge back in and o' Shea fall over himself to straighten up , burn himself with he coffee . kenifick wo not go far with no ticket . see you in a fortnight . be good . he snatch they and leave . o' Shea recover and notice Lisa stifling a smile . the office phone ring and o'shea sluggishly reach for it . but Lisa beat he to it . lisa garda nolan . ext . fishing port ( by maher be pub ) - day at the dock paddy barrett sort he lobster trap . all he 's short be a parrot and a wooden leg . his trap appear empty , some mangle , but before he can protest one of the oblong trap leap . he watch it and like a magic trick it leap again . he squat down and gaze between the seaweed strewn cage . nothing to be see thanks to the seaweed . he prod it and lo , it shift violently . hopping mad . paddy rise , wipe he frown forehead with he cap and gesture to a fisherman pack ice crate on the dock . tadhg murphy saunter over . a alpha male in a beta body . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 12 . paddy take a look at this . paddy gently kick the lobster trap , spurring it . on cue , it haphazardly jump across the wet dock . tadhg snicker . tadhg he 's a biggun . paddy he 's not a lobster . tadhg then what be it ? paddy shrug . tadhg kneel down and peer inside . splat ! a geyser of goo sprays in he face ! tadhg stagger to he foot , spitting furiously . tadhg oh ya bastard , paddy ! ya know it be gonna do that . paddy I do not . on I life . tadhg wipe away the slime with he sweater . tadhg eurgh , the smell . paddy so what be it ? tadhg I dunno , it 's a feckin octopus or something , it 's cover in seaweed . but ' tis no feckin ' lobster ! tadhg stomp off . paddy a octopus ? paddy consider the lobster trap , eye flash . int . patrol jeep - day Lisa drive safely , under the limit . a turn approach . lisa do I go ...? grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 13 . o' Shea wait for the last second . o'shea ... Left . Lisa turn sharply , amusing o'shea . o'shea so you be after the sarge 's desk ? lisa what make you say that ? o'shea just wonder . lisa well , I be not . I would some holiday save that need to be take and this posting come up and I think sure what harm , why not ? can not hurt with the review board , you know ? o' Shea nod , sussing she out . o'shea where be you station ? lisa Dublin Central . o'shea and how 's that work out for ya ? lisa great . we get drug , mugging , murder and rape . always on the go . o'shea well you can relax , there 's none of that here . lisa you never know . it 's the quiet place where all the mad shit happen . just open a paper . o' Shea smirk out he window . Lisa notice . lisa what ? grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 14 . o'shea I bet you have not miss a day of work in you life . lisa and should I be ashamed of that ? o'shea it 's just a job . arrive at the beach , Lisa park sharply send o' Shea collide with the dashboard . he recover , stunne . lisa seatbelt . it be the law . ext . beach road - day o' Shea and Lisa get out of the park jeep . ext . beach - day o' Shea and Lisa trundle past some onlooker ( folk we will party with later ) and head towards the whale . they plough forward until they be upon Dr gleeson . dr gleeson in all I year , never see anything like it . o'shea Lisa nolan , doctor Jim gleeson . resident physician . dr gleeson oh hello , love . how be ya ? lisa Grand , thanks . o'shea you would not have any aspirin on ya , would ya , Jim ? dr gleeson I have a few winegum ? would ya like a winegum ? o'shea you be all right . Lisa move deeper down the beach and o' Shea follow . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 15 . lisa I would prefer it if you would introduce I as garda nolan . o'shea ah , no one mind . lisa I do . Lisa march on , staggering awkwardly in the soft sand . o' Shea and Lisa arrive by the whale and adam smith , Ph.D. nod to o' Shea as they approach . busy work . o'shea what happen ? smith ( write in a pad ) one second . Lisa 's eye light up at Smith 's dismissal of o' Shea . a kindre spirit . once Smith 's ready , he ignore o' Shea and remove a glove to shake Lisa 's hand . so very English . smith Smith . lisa Lisa . o' Shea stare at she . typical . o'shea Smith 's a marine psychologist or something , do I get that right ? smith no . it 's marine ecology . o' Shea shrug , whatever . lisa that be quick . smith more fortunate really . I be base here do study for the department of the marine . Smith hand o' Shea the tip of a tape measure . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 16 . smith hold this , please . o' Shea do not have a choice . Smith walk the length of the whale , step around Lisa and touch she as he go . smith so how long be you here ? lisa two week . smith oh , wonderful . wonderful . be you stay nearby ? o' Shea interrupt , deliberately : o'shea so be they dead ?! smith hmm ? no , they be just sleep . Smith and Lisa share a smirk . o' Shea notice and let the tape measure go , snap back on Smith 's finger . ouch . o'shea slipped . o' Shea and Smith trade look . lisa so what happen ? smith well they be pilot whale . it happen with they from time to time but no one really know why . Lisa note deep spider- vein gashes on the whale ' body as if they be whipped with a huge cat - o'- nine -tail . lisa what be that mark ? smith not sure . possible scratch off the rock while wash up here . lisa they do not beach themselves ? grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 17 . smith no , they die at sea . o'shea all of they ? at once ? smith it 's a strange one all right . o' Shea consider the ocean before he . ext . paddy house - day a charming little shithole . int . paddy bathroom - day paddy kick open the bathroom door . he plug the bathtub and let the tap run , fill it . he shuffles out and return wear a welder mask and drag the lobster trap . he lift the trap over the bath rim and drop it into the bath water where it bubble . he remove he mask and peer in at it . what the feck ? ext . derelict site - day a dilapidate mill , long since operational . a sign read " keep out " . the jeep pull up and o' Shea and Lisa step out . o'shea hey , Daly , cooney about ? on the rim of a demolish " pit " daly point to a ramp . year of labour have turn Daly into one big freckle . o' Shea follow Daly 's direction up a ramp towards the demolish frame of a building . Daly elbow he mate , ogling Lisa . daly now that be one arrest woman . daly mate wolf -whistles . appall , Lisa whip out she notepad and pencil . lisa you , what 's you name ? daly mate ( polish accent ) przemyslaw wojciechowski. grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 18 . Lisa close she pad . forget it . lisa carry on . in the pit declan cooney direct Daly . although it 's not possible , cooney appear pregnant . o'shea busy ? cooney Nah , just stripping a oil tank . this place be a death trap sure . o'shea I have warn the kid to keep out . cooney walk along a horizontal ladder towards o' Shea . alone and wander , Lisa step into the path of a jcb with a big mechanical claw but still get splash by chalky muck that stain she polished boot . lisa watch where you be go . cooney and o' Shea stroll down the ramp . cooney where 's kenifick ? o'shea on holiday . leave I up the creek . cooney why ? what 's up ? behind o' Shea the jcb claw grab some scrap from the " pit " . o'shea well , remember that favour you owe I ? I be look for some boy to help move a few thing off the beach . a hour work , top . cooney what kinda thing ? grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 19 . ext . beach - night " beach close " sign jut out of the rain soak sand as cooney , Daly and some helper winch the last of the whale onto a jcb dump truck , work in the rain . cooney give Daly 's mate , behind the wheel of the truck , the thumb up and off he go , engine rumbling . cooney that will do , boy . pack it up . Daly wipe the rain from he face as the helper pack up . cooney do not forget the shovel . daly I get them . Daly venture towards the shoreline towards a pile of tool as everyone else leave the beach . he gather the tool , but then something catch he eye . he sweep some sand off of -- daly -- what in the name of ...? Daly rise , shocked by whatever it be he see until -- bam ! a tentacle grab onto Daly 's foot and whip he weight out from under he . he collide with the wet sand . wind . ext . beach promenade - night cooney throw the rope and tool into the car boot . ext . beach - night Daly claw at the sand as he 's drag into the sea , yell . daly help ! help I !! as the ocean consume he he gurgle cry drow out while in the sand he struggle be wash away without a trace . int . / ext . cooney' car - night cooney wave the other car off , then sit in he car . he switch on the radio and check he watch . wait . ext . beach - night - minute later cooney scan the shore and find the mislaid tool . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 20 . cooney Daly ? int . / ext . cooney' car - night cooney sit back at the wheel , one leg rest outside he door , hold out for Daly 's return as something move in on he ankle . not a second to spare cooney pull he foot inside , shut the door and drive off . but the car stall , snag on something . he step out , kneel and gaze under the chassis . bam ! he 's drag under face first , foot thrashing . the car rock , the radio serenade he demise and the airbag deploys . int . maher be pub - night o' Shea lean on the counter , a whiskey before he . avuncular proprietor brian maher watch from behind the counter . on a pub tv : the white helicopter of the coastguard circle the merry widow boat . footage take earlier in the day . rte reporter ( v.o. ) ( over tv image ) -- search and rescue be call off as a search and recover operation become priority . a tell sign that the miss fisherman be believe to have perish . Lisa approach the counter / reception and hand Brian a key . lisa hi , do you have a iron ? brian we do indeed . Brian move to get it and Lisa spot o' Shea , throw she . shoeless , she rise up on she toe . gain two inch . lisa hi. a awkward silence . o'shea would you like a drink ? una maher eavesdrop while wiping the counter . una have a face you could confide in , but should not . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 21. lisa another time , maybe . Brian hand Lisa the iron . lisa thanks . ( to o'shea ) see you tomorrow . o'shea tomorrow 's Sunday . lisa oh , right . well , I have a key so ... see you Monday then . she walk off and una move in , wiping under o'shea 's drink . una spark fly there , huh . o'shea what ? una do you like she ? o'shea she 's all right . a bit uptight . una you should talk to she . o'shea I do talk to she . I talk to she all day . una God , ye be all the same . brian ah leave he off , una . una listen to you . ( to o' Shea ; about Brian ) eight year I be wait for he to get down on he knee . have ya ever hear the like of it ? my family think I be mad waste I time on he . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 22. brian ah feck they . una ah feck you , Brian . una shuffles off . brian same again ? o'shea go on . brian I tell you what though if I be not , you know , I would be up they stair like a shot . Brian feel una 's stare from across the bar . he smile at she , placate . grinning to himself at the far end of the counter , paddy fix o' Shea 's stare . o'shea what be it , paddy ? paddy would not you like to know ? o'shea no , not really . o' Shea turn back to he drink . paddy but you would , though . o'shea nope . paddy you would ! if you be to know what I know you would want to know . o'shea all right , tell we then . paddy shuffles closer , all excited . paddy right , between you and I , I catch meself a sea monster today . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 23. paddy ( cont 'd ) swear to God , may he strike I down . ( off o'shea ) ya do not believe I ? o'shea not a bit . paddy I be no liar ! Brian snicker in the corner . brian ha ! paddy feck off , you . o'shea all right , where be it ? paddy in I bathtub . o'shea in you bathtub ? paddy have a bath . o'shea g'night , paddy . o' Shea downs he drink and saunter off . paddy ignorant gobshite . o'shea ( stop , turn back ) what ? paddy hmm ? o'shea what do you say ? paddy nothin ' . do not open I mouth . brian he call you a gobshite . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 24 . paddy ( to brian ) you see you , if this be not the only feckin ' pub on this shittin ' island I would piss on it than sooner come in here . brian Fine . you be bar . paddy think a moment , then crack a smile . paddy ah I be joke , you know that . one more , huh ? o' Shea scoff and leave they , follow the hallway upstairs . int . upstair hallway - night o' Shea remove a small hip flask from he pocket and drain it . cough . compose himself and approach room # 3 . int . lisa' bedroom - night Lisa regards she chalk -stain boot . she brushes some of the dirt off they , sigh and return to irone she uniform . a knock come to she door and she open it to find o'shea . lisa be everything all right ? she glance down the hallway . o' Shea look too , confuse . o'shea what be it ? lisa ( realise ) what do you want ? o'shea come on down for a drink . lisa I have work tomorrow . o'shea it do not matter out here . no one will know . lisa you be drunk . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 25 . o'shea I be not . I be sober as a judge . o' Shea slump against the door , recline casually . or so he imagine . lisa be that so ? say the alphabet backwards for I . o'shea ... Zed ... et cetera . lisa I hope you be not drive ? o'shea course not . I be take johnny 's horse . lisa you be go to ride a horse while intoxicate ? o'shea yeah , so ? the horse be sober . lisa amazing , and you be in charge here . o'shea listen , I think we get off on the wrong foot today . o' Shea change weight to he other leg and accidentally kick over Lisa 's side - table . o'shea feck . it clatter to the floor , knock she toiletry over . o'shea sorry . lisa it 's ok . he help she pick they up -- o'shea ( notice a ' stress Ball ' ) what 's that ? grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 26 . Lisa grab it off he , mortify as he rise with a headrush . o'shea whoa , that last drink 's go straight to I head . lisa just you head ? o'shea well , other place too . o' Shea grin suggestively , read she wrong . lisa do you get this drunk every night ? o'shea just high day and holiday . o' Shea rest against the wall . eye droop . lisa let 's get you to bed . o'shea now you be talk . ext . garden path - night paddy crash he bicycle into a fence and stagger in the gate , mumble something about bastard and fence . int . paddy house - night paddy pour himself a drink of what look like homemade potcheen . still mutter . thud ! the bathroom door rattles . he look at it , wide - eye . int . paddy bathroom - night the door yawn open and paddy creep in , wear he welder mask . he gaze into the tub and remove he mask . there just as he leave it be the lobster trap , but it 's broken . paddy lean down and check the trap as behind he reflect through the slimy residue of he bathroom cabinet 's mirror something black and slithery crawl up the wall behind he . we see it but paddy do not until a hiss . paddy turn and the grabber spit a barb tongue and whip itself onto he face . paddy slam against the bathroom mirror , as if levele by a punch . the mirror shatter , obscure the scuffle . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 27 . paddy tear it off he face , gasp and fling it away . blood seep from a three point puncture wound on he neck . paddy you dirty ... paddy stamp on it , whatever it be . again and again , until out of breath , he stagger from the bathroom . a moment later he return with a stand lamp and continue beat it . over and over and over until he 's exhaust . paddy bastard . ext . bungalow - night the warm glow of light from within would attract every moth within a mile if it be a dry summer 's night , but it 's not . it 's raining and it 's attract something far more sinister . int . bedroom / bungalow - night irene murphy , cocoon in a bathrobe and slipper , snatch a pair of sock and a sweater off the floor . muttering , she sniff the sweater and recoil . it reek . on a mission she march through the open plan home pass fisherman tadhg gaze at the tv . irene tadhg , you be stinking . would you get in the bath already , I can smell you from here . tadhg I be watch this . irene ( to herself ) what be you do at all today ? irene enter the kitchen -- ext . kitchen - night -- and dump it in a wash basket for tomorrow 's load -- a bang against the window . irene startles . she lean , hand cup around she eye press up against the glass , stare out into the darkness . any second now she 's go to be pull through ... only not . she tighten she robe instead . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 28. irene ( to herself ) God , 'tis blow a gale out . tadhg ( o.s. ) what ? irene I say ' tis ... nothing . I do not know why we have to move here . there be nothing wrong with I Mam 's house . omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted int . / ext . bungalow / bedroom - night - intercut tadhg scoff , channel hopping with the remote . tadhg ( to himself ) apart from you Mam . irene appear behind he . irene what be that ? tadhg flick the tv channel onto a ' tremor ' . ( alternative : ' fair CITY ' be on . ) thud ! the door tremble with the weight of a knock . thud ! cooney headbutt the door , he head flopping like a doll , jaw slack , eye shut . he 's dead . with arm stretch above he head , weight support by he intertwined wrist and foot barely touch ground , something be swinging he . thud ! tadhg rouse and clear he throat . tadhg irene ? irene blow - dry she hair . she pause to listen . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 29 . irene what ? tadhg someone 's at the door . irene I be not dress . thud ! tadhg glance disapprovingly at the clock . tadhg all right , all right . he peer through the door-window . cooney seem drunk off he ass dirty dance with the letterbox . hip swiveling . tadhg it 's that bloody declan cooney and he 's piss as a fart . irene throw she eye up and rise , tie she dress gown . irene do not give that cowboy any money . he will only piss it up the wall . tadhg open the door . tadhg cooney , you look like death . what be you do ? cooney swing suggestively to tadhg 's open mouth horror . irene what do he want ? tadhg ( to himself ) to dance ? irene join tadhg at the door . suddenly cooney collapse , crumpling like a pile of wet laundry . irene Jesus . tadhg cooney ? be you all right , mate ? tadhg step over cooney 's break twisted body . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 30 . tadhg cooney ? suddenly tadhg 's pounce upon and whipped up out of sight . irene tadhg ! tadhg ! irene chase after he as roof tile tumble down on she . he's gone . she scurries inside and lock the door . int . bungalow - night the tv flicker as the reception falter . outside the window the satellite dish bounce onto the driveway . irene back through the bungalow , shaking . the violent scuffle on the roof rattling the ceiling light - shade . irene honey ? oh god. oh god. a weird , pitched roar take irene 's breath away . whatever snatch tadhg sound unnatural , huge and mean . soot tumble down the chimney draw irene 's attention . she run and kneel before the fireplace and receive a blast of black soot to the face . she cough and sputter and reach up to close the chimney chute . fumble , whimper . inside the chimney chute something descend towards she , gain speed . irene grab blindly at the clasp ... her eye dart open . that 's not the clasp ! she scream and fly up the chute like a mouse suck up a hoover . and as she cry die out all that 's leave in the open fireplace be a pair of orphane fluffy pink slipper . int . maher be pub - morning Lisa ding the reception bell . una stumble to she call . una good morning . sleep well ? lisa Grand , thanks . do I have something to sign ? una oh yeah . the big one . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 31 . una grab she bill and hand it to Lisa . lisa how 's the weather look ? una oh , there 's a storm come . lisa really ? be the gull fly low or something ? una no , it 's on the telly . una gesture to the tv weather report . Lisa smile . of course . she fish out she credit card . una so , you be work with o'shea ? lisa temporarily . una he 's a nice fella be not he ? quite a catch . lisa depend what you be fishing . una hand Lisa she receipt to sign and watch she write . una single ? ( off Lisa 's nod ) so 's o' Shea . well , widow . Lisa look up . lisa widowe ? una why do you think he 's here ? sure there 's no want for he round this neck of the wood but I suppose he want the peace . or he superior think he do . he do not say , God love he . Lisa smile uncomfortably and hand she receipt to una . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 32 . una so will you be stick to the same room all week ? because we have a few double . there 's more room in that , you know yourself . una wink knowingly . lisa the single room be fine . una be you sure now ? you never know if you want to stretch you leg later on . give it a week and we will be book solid , so we will . lisa I will think about it . Lisa hightail it . int . cell , garda station - morning panned out on a rubber mattress you would swear o' Shea be dead if he be not snoring like a granddad . the heavy cell door fly open and slam off the wall . Lisa stand in the doorway as o' Shea jerk awake . lisa Morning . o'shea wha ..? lisa how much do a place like this go for ? I mean it 's close to the beach , all mod-con . it 's perfect . o'shea I ... uh , what happen ? lisa section four point one of the Public order Act . it be a offence for any person to be present in any public place while intoxicate to such a extent as would give rise to a reasonable apprehension that the person might endanger themselves or any other in the vicinity . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 33. o'shea you arrest I ?! lisa for you own good . o'shea let I out of here . lisa relax . you pass out before I could find you house . the phone ring ! Lisa pick it up . lisa garda nolan . ext . marine centre - morning paddy escort o' Shea and Lisa along the short wooden pier , past the moor yacht and into the marine research centre . paddy so I get a reward for discover it , right ? a finder fee ? o'shea we will discuss it later . paddy but I get something , right ? they enter . int . lab - morning shrivel tentacles spill over the gurney as a hideous mouth gape open as if in the dentist 's chair . Smith stand over it , forcep in hand , as o'shea , paddy and Lisa enter . o'shea eurgh . smith be that you professional opinion ? Smith remove he surgical - mask revealing a excited grin . paddy a grabber . o'shea a what ? grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 34 . smith I tell you I be not call it that . it need a binomial nomenclature , one identify its genus and class and once I have figure that out -- paddy I discover it . I get to name it . Smith smile at Lisa . smith hi. Lisa smile at Smith . lisa hi. o' Shea smile at Lisa . mock . o'shea hi. Lisa 's smile drop . paddy look confuse . paddy ( to lisa ) hello . lisa what be that thing ? smith I have not a clue . I have never see anything like it . it 's a completely foreign species . I can not even begin to originate or class it . paddy a grabber . Smith sigh . lisa and this attack you ? paddy pull he collar back expose he bandage neck . paddy stuck on the ceiling , it be . like a pancake . nearly rip I throat out . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 35 . o' Shea lean in for a closer look of the creature . o'shea be it dead ? smith I be not sure . o' Shea lean back , and half - step away too for good measure . o'shea you be not what ? smith well basic test I have do so far have show up nothing usual or normal . it 's beyond mystify . really I can not be certain without open it up . paddy whack it with he walk stick . nothing . paddy ' tis dead . smith would you stop do that ? it be not any wonder it bit you . Lisa stare at its multi-fanged jaw . lisa what 's that in its mouth ? smith its tongue . check it out . Smith take hold of its tongue and extend it three foot with a barb tip like a mace . off o' Shea and Lisa 's awed face . lisa that 's not a tongue . o'shea it 's a weapon . paddy it spit like a frog and strangle ya . whippet fast , and sharp . smith I be guess it bleed its prey like a leech . consume the blood , like some sort of vampiro toothis . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 36 . o'shea vampiro what ? smith toothis . it 's a rare deep sea squid but this be not that , not in irish water . no , this be something totally different . something ... alien . ( off they look ) in that it 's undocumented . paddy it 's gotta be worth a fortune . smith but here 's the thing ... Smith pick up a sponge , daub it in a tray of water and -- smith -- when I try to clean some dirt off of it -- paddy I stand on it a few time . smith -- this happen -- -- he delicately dab the tip of a tentacle . the grabber 's skin react , rehydrate . Smith watch it expectantly . suddenly the tip twitches . Smith smile at they . smith all this thing need to survive be blood ... and water . o' Shea frown , watch it . paddy could you put it on the ebay , do ya think ? smith you be not put this on ebay . you be lucky she do not kill you . o'shea she ? grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 37 . smith yeah , it 's a female from what I can tell . paddy how can you tell ? smith it 's get no testicles . a long silence , paddy nod . I see . smith and ... she be pregnant . he reveal a egg spawn . gelatine and gooey . Inside be a baby grabber ; a Jack -in- the - box type creature aka a jumper . lisa that 's disgusting . Lisa recoil : it stink . Smith toy with it , marvel . smith we be deal with something extraordinary here . and if it look like this when it hatches , then this species nest on land . o' Shea and Lisa share a look . uh oh . int . / ext . patrol jeep - day o' Shea switch gear as they make they way along the coast . lisa do you reckon that thing have anything to do with that dead whale ? o' Shea consider she , think . they pass the promenade and o' Shea crane he head to see something . lisa what be it ? o'shea that 's declan cooney 's car . ext . beach promenade - day cooney 's car sit abandon , its door open and airbag flat . o' Shea and Lisa pull in behind it and step out of the jeep . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 38 . o'shea cooney ?! o' Shea take a leprechaun keychain from the ignition , then note some unusual scratch along the car 's body work . lisa where could he be ? o'shea nowhere without he key . do you believe in coincidence ? lisa not really . o'shea neither do i. o' Shea look around and focus on the Murphy 's bungalow up ahead and overlook they . o'shea come on . lisa where be we go ? o'shea when you be look for answer you gotta go ask question . he walk off . Lisa 's impressed . ext . bungalow - day Lisa step over some break slate tile and ring the doorbell . no one 's home . o' Shea spy in the window to the live room Lisa copy he . they notice : all the house light be on . o'shea all the light be on . ext . bungalow - day o' Shea turn and bump into Lisa , behind he . she step aside . o' Shea smile . something 's different about she . her hair 's down , she 's dress casual . she look nice . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 39 . o'shea how come you be not in uniform ? lisa it 's Sunday . ( off o' Shea 's look ) hey , neither be you ! o' Shea smile to himself . o'shea it suit you . Lisa read he wrong , so just to piss he off -- lisa -- Smith 's a nice fella , be not he ? o'shea oh he 's positively smash . ( knock again ) lisa a proper gentleman . and such polite company . o'shea uh huh . tadhg ? irene ? lisa a lovely fella . Lisa throw o' Shea a point look . o' Shea shrug she off . o'shea he 's like you , he 's marry to he job . lisa I be not -- I take pride in my work . unlike yourself . o'shea shush , I be work . o' Shea rap on the door and call in the letterbox . o'shea tadhg ? irene ? lisa you be look in the wrong place , columbo . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 40 . she gesture to the fall roof tile . minute later o' Shea set a ladder against the roof ( from the garage ) and before he even have the option , Lisa climb it . lisa hold it steady . o'shea you be something else , you know that . you should have join the army , not the guard . o' Shea sneak a glance of Lisa 's arse as she climb . lisa stop talk to yourself . it 's very distracting . o'shea I be not talk to myself , I be talk to you . lisa ( not listening ) uh huh , great . there 's something up here . o'shea could you be a bit more specific ? lisa it 's a -- -- a check shirt , the sleeve of which lead towards a lump that 's bury under more rag . o'shea well ? lisa ugh , it stink like that thing . Lisa tug on the sleeve and thump - thump -thump -thump ! something roll towards she . lisa oh the Divine mother of Jesus -- Lisa lean sharply out of its way as down below : o' Shea sneak a sip of he flask . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 41 . lisa watch out ! o' Shea look up to see tadhg's severe head spin towards he . bop ! headbutted in the face , o' Shea clutches he nose . o'shea aw Jesus cock ! Lisa look down at the gaw severe head , sicken . lisa you break its nose . int . doctor' surgery - day Dr gleeson replace a sheet over tadhg 's head as Lisa pace on a mobile phone , o' Shea watch . o'shea what kill he , Jim ? dr gleeson the fact he 's just a head ! Dr gleeson turn back , write . dr gleeson Jesus what do you think ? you bring I someone with a head cold or a headache and I could do something . you bring I just a head and you be take the piss . lisa ( into phone ) so when can they get here ? ... ( for o' Shea 's benefit ) tomorrow ? ... and what about the state pathologist ? dr gleeson they could bury he in a shoebox . that 's not right . lisa ( hand over receiver ) Doctor , we need to know . dr gleeson I do not know . a tiger ? grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 42. o'shea a tiger ?! lisa I can not say that . Dr gleeson loosen he tie . dr gleeson I be tell you he head be tear off . by something big . o' Shea share a look with Lisa . int . garda station - day o' Shea upload crime scene photo of tadhg 's bungalow onto a laptop as Lisa pace on the phone . lisa ( into phone ) no , no , do not put I through I have already speak to -- ugh . thanks . Lisa sigh . she 's be at this a while , it seem . o' Shea pull he hip flask from he jacket pocket and furtively sneak a sip , savour it . paddy Holy Christ , wait till I tell ya ! o' Shea choke on he drink , cough . he spin to face paddy , quickly hide he flask . o'shea Jesus , paddy . paddy what ? what 's wrong with ya ? o'shea what be it ? paddy come look for yourself . Lisa look at o'shea . a silent exchange . Lisa hang up . int . paddy bathroom - day a demolish wall offer a new entrance to the backyard , where amongst rubble , paddy 's scratch bathtub lay . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 43. paddy how be I suppose to wash meself ? o' Shea think ... int . paddy house - day - second later o' Shea unroll a map of Erin Island on the live room table . he point at four spot on the map . a zig - zag pattern . o'shea ok , we be here . here 's where cooney 's car be abandon . here 's tadhg and irene Murphy 's house and here 's where the whale wash up . lisa ok , so what do that mean ? o' Shea stare blankly . o'shea I have no idea . I be hope it would show some sort of pattern . paddy it 's the letter zed ! lisa ( to paddy ) do you show that thing to anyone else before we see it ? paddy tadhg Murphy get a look of it when I bring it in . it gawk on he , but that be it . Lisa and o' Shea share a look . paddy why ? lisa we think there might be another one of that thing , at least one anyway . paddy be you serious ? grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 44 . o'shea yeah . that thing you catch could not have fertilise that egg by itself , which would mean there 's a male out there big enough and strong enough to knock a hole in you bathroom wall . lisa ( off that ) Smith say it need water , right ? o'shea he say a lot of thing . paddy mostly bollock . lisa whatever . but if it need water to survive , how could it be move about on dry land ? Water drip in paddy 's demolish bathroom , paddy stare at it . drip-drip-drip . paddy it be raining ! when it rain there 's no such thing as dry land . o' Shea and Lisa consider this . lisa there 's a storm due tonight . paddy it will piss it down . o' Shea steel , and study the map intensely . o'shea ok , all this be on the west side of the island , right ? so that would make this area its territory ; which would mean it 's get to be somewhere close . somewhere with access to the water around the west beach . paddy the black rock cave . I catch the female just beyond there . o' Shea consider this . he look to Lisa : grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 45 . o'shea what do you think ? lisa I think we have get at least two miss person . we need to take a look . ext . beach - day paddy lead o' Shea and Lisa towards the rocky beach where the tide 's quickly come in . ( note : o' Shea and Lisa have take a pair of flashlight and o'shea 's garda hat from the jeep . ) paddy ( talk away to himself ) ya know what 's to blame for all this ? Global warming . ya get you iceberg meltin ' and you thingmajigs floodin' . the whole world 's drownin ' and we do not have the gill for it . follow a few pace behind paddy , o' Shea take a pull off he flask which Lisa notice . o'shea what ? lisa I do not say anything . o'shea you give I that look . lisa what look ? o'shea the " I feel sorry for you " look . lisa no I do not . o'shea yeah you do . lisa no , I give you the " I feel embarrassed for you " look . Big difference . she walk on faster , leave he trail behind . think . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 46 . o'shea sure that 's worse ! paddy round some rock and come upon the cliff face . o'shea look , I know I be no dandy fop , ph. D. Smith type . lisa what 's Smith get to do with you raging alcoholism ? hmm ? o'shea I be not a raging -- you be some character you know that . a real character . I be a social drinker . lisa uh huh . of course you be . o' Shea take a big swig of he flask just to piss she off . lisa Lovely . paddy we be here . ext . beach , cave mouth - day they stand before the cave mouth , take it in . Dark and oppressive and claustrophobic . Water drip within . a wave wash up behind they , drench they foot . paddy tide come in . another hour and this place will be under water . o'shea wait here . paddy you can be sure of it . Lisa and o' Shea turn on they high beam flashlight and venture into the cave , mulder and scully style . Water drip from the cave wall while the sound of crash wave echoe throughout . at the cave mouth , the dregs of a wave wash over paddy 's boot . he look into the cave , anxiously . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 47 . venture further into the shadowy cave , Lisa find a arched entrance to the rise ocean as fog creep around she foot . o' Shea round some rock , find Lisa and see she flashlight have find a fisherman 's shred slicker . ( the remain of the merry widow 's deckhand greg . ) lisa be we miss some fisherman ? o'shea ( call out ) hello ! Lisa jolt , startle by o'shea . lisa my heart ! what be you do ? o'shea just check . well , if you know of a better way ? ( call again ) hello ?! lisa what be you expect ? " helloooo , 'tis only I . " a shadow rise up steal the light . o' Shea and Lisa turn . they lift the flashlight and take in the horrifying sight . o'shea run ! they take off , run for the slim cave mouth . they light dance in the darkness as they scramble for the exit -- lead onto the beach . the narrow gap allow just one person at a time . and at a push . Lisa edge through first . int . / ext . beach cave open - day - continuous o' Shea wait behind Lisa , watch behind they , and see the light of he flashlight go dark , swallow by something come he way . o'shea Lisa ! hurry ! lisa I be try ! o'shea move you arse ! grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 48. o' Shea push on she arse as she squeeze through . lisa get you hand off my arse ! o' Shea shove harder . lisa I swear to God , if you do not stop ! Lisa kick back at he , but he keep push . she tumble onto the seaweed strewn sand , drench by the income tide , as o' Shea squeeze through next . soon , wedge in himself . o'shea if I die in here I want you to know it 's all you fault ! lisa oh shut up . Lisa wrap she arm around o' Shea , cheek - to- awkwardly - intimate - cheek and pull , drag he loose . with effort . the grabber rush towards o' Shea , gain speed . almost on he when he escape , second to spare . bam ! the grabber fill the gap in the rock face , trap by its own bulk . it snarl as one of its tentacles slither out towards they , but quickly retreat back inside . lisa the size of it . they back up , horrify . o'shea it 's ok . it can not get we on dry land . not when it 's not raining , it can not . whipah ! a barb tongue shoot out from the darkness of the cave and lance o' Shea 's garda hat clean off he head . o' Shea blink , feel he bare head . o'shea ... what ? a thunder-crack from the ominous rain cloud . lisa leg it ! grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 49 . ext . beach - day paddy step out of the way of a oncoming wave and kick something with he heel . he kneel down and find a egg . paddy mother of god. egg pile high like a fun fare ball pit . he barely have time to process this as o' Shea and Lisa come bound towards he . paddy the egg be bury on the beach ! there 's feckin ' load of them ! lisa run ! paddy regards the egg then take off after o' Shea and Lisa . and in the gouge out sand beneath they foot more expose egg flutter with life . this thing be close to hatching . int . lab - day o' Shea , Lisa and paddy stumble in , make a beeline for the grabber female on the table . Smith look up from he laptop to see o' Shea who have a petrol can and a plan in mind . smith good , you be back . I have a theory ! that whale be kill as a food source for they spawn -- o'shea the egg be bury at the beach . smith exactly . lisa we know . smith oh. paddy well do . smith what be you do ? o'shea everywhere that 's be , the other one 's follow . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 50 . smith you find another one ? where ? o'shea it try to eat we ! and it 's huge and look for she ... but this will be the last place it look . he pour petrol all over it . Lisa hand he the lighter . smith be you mad ? do not do that ! Lisa take a fire extinguisher off the wall . smith no , stop , you will -- lisa Smith , it 's for the best . smith no , you muppet ! if he light that in here you will -- o' Shea drop the lighter and boom ! it flash up in flame . whoosh ! the sprinkler blast to life and water rain down on they , the lab and the dormant amphibious bloodsuck alien . smith -- get it wet . o'shea shit . smith you really be irish . Lisa drop the fire extinguisher . lisa shut it off ! paddy see ya later , lad . paddy scamper out as o'shea , Lisa and Smith scramble for the main under the sink . six hand fight to shut it off . once they do , every surface drip . a fish - tank overflow . they rise slowly from the slick floor . it 's eerily quiet . Smith pick up a stool . Lisa grab a scalpel . o' Shea roll up a magazine . they creep forward . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 51 . smith careful . once it 's wet I do not know what it can do . o' Shea edge closer . it 's unscathed from the fire . o'shea it do not burn . lisa be it dead ? o'shea I -- boom ! it launch to life , spray o' Shea with goo and dive onto he , wrapping around he face , head and neck . Lisa and Smith leap to he aid and battle what look like a dozen boa constrictor work as one , choke he . o' Shea flail and smashes into lab unit , knock a utility closet open . broom and mop fall out as o' Shea slump onto the wet floor . Lisa and Smith pull tentacles loose and o' Shea gasp for air . his drain , ashen skin pock with bleed bite wound . Smith fling the limp grabber across the lab and it hit the wet floor , flopping woozily and vomit blood . it bear down on its tentacles and spring itself onto the ceiling like a octopus shot out of a air cannon . splat ! it hit the fluorescent light and hang from it , upside down . Smith blink , agog . smith ok , it 's a alien . o' Shea feel he wound . furious , he grab one of the mop surround he and jab at the grabber with the handle . o'shea you vicious little fu--! the grabber bite down on the handle and hang on . o' Shea suddenly take the full weight of it . it totter above they head , sway . Lisa and Smith duck . lisa ah! Jesus ! o' Shea ! grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 52 . o' Shea drop it onto the floor and Lisa yank a steel cabinet over , pin it down . trapped , the grabber thrashes . o'shea we need to kill it . smith no ! you can not ! it 's the scientific discovery of we time , imagine all that we could learn from -- the cabinet flip , expose the grabber . Smith scream and brain it with he stool . scare shitless , o' Shea and Lisa pile in with they boot . all three whack and stamp until they be sure it 's dead . sweating and in shock , they catch they breath . smith I think we get it . o'shea ( pat smith ) good man . o' Shea flick the grabber goop out of he hair . smith it 's still move . lisa we need to get help . o'shea they will never make it across the water . lisa if that egg hatch , with no whale to eat -- smith -- they will head in land to feed . o'shea finish each other 's sentence now ? lisa what ? o'shea nothing . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 53. paddy they be hatching . the trio turn to notice paddy have join they look down at the smoosh grabber . o' Shea consider paddy . o'shea it take three of we to get that thing off I . paddy I woulda help but I have a bad back , give I shocking pain , you know yourself . o'shea how be you still alive ? paddy diet and exercise . o'shea no , when that thing attack you . you should be laid out in a box right now , but you be not . what make you so special ? paddy I be always lucky . o' Shea disregard he and take a swig of he flask as Lisa consider the bloody sick . queasy . smith must not have like you blood much . lisa what have you be eat ? o' Shea still , hearing that question . o'shea ( to paddy ) you be drunk ! ext . maher be pub - day Storm cloud gather over the idyllic drink hole as gale jeer and wave pile on the pub 's neighbour harbour . int . dr gleeson' surgery - day Dr gleeson peer at the grabber 's severe head in a beaker , gaw away like a fish head . he squirm . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 54 . dr gleeson grabber ? smith no , it 's a cryptozoological amphibious sanguivore . lisa ( to Dr gleeson ) not a tiger . Dr gleeson remove he glass to stare at o'shea . dr gleeson where be you get all this head ? o'shea come on . o' Shea lead the group leave Dr gleeson to add -- dr gleeson this place have go to the dog . ext . step to maher be pub - day o' Shea , Lisa , Dr gleeson , Smith and paddy head for the pub . o' Shea 's set the pace leave paddy hustling to keep up . o'shea they be like leech , right ? they feed off you blood . well when one of they bit paddy , it almost die , why ? paddy slow down for fuck sake . lisa because paddy be so intoxicate he blood - alcohol level be toxic . o'shea exactly . if we taint we blood with booze , we be poisonous to eat . smith in theory . paddy ( to Dr gleeson ) and you tell I to cut back . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 55 . Dr gleeson shrug . o'shea we have just one night where we have to deal with this on we own . tomorrow , we will be sort . we will get off the island , they will nuke the beach or whatever they do , but all we have to worry about be tonight . and it 's simple . we have a lock - in . we stay out of the rain and we drink . ( turn to face they ) we can not stop they come but we can be ready . o' Shea back into the pub . Lisa , Smith , paddy and Dr gleeson look at each other -- wow -- and follow he inside . int . maher' pub kitchen - day Brian stare , incredulous . brian what ? smith a hostile migra -- dr gleeson -- grabber . smith God sake . brian be ye for real ? paddy be we for real ? be you for real ? show he . Smith plop a beaker cover with a tea cosy on the counter . he raise it just a tad to show Brian . brian that ? sure you could kill that with a hammer . o'shea that 's just the tip of the blood suck iceberg . Brian consider the four of they ; all look gravely serious . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 56 . brian ( convinced ) grabber . smith I give up . yes , a grabber . Smith cover the beaker again . dr gleeson but if its allergic to booze can not we just hose them with vodka or some shit ? o'shea no , that will not work . brian how do you know ? smith because alcohol be a poison . it need to be ingest to take affect . also to preserve specimen I keep they in a alcohol base solution . just like with this one , right now . Smith tap the tea cosy . brian it 's fill with ? smith yep . paddy can you drink it ? dr gleeson so what if we spray whiskey in its mouth ? paddy feck that . a waste of whiskey . lisa if you want to get that close to it , good luck . una pass with a wash basket . she stop , see they . una what 's go on here then ? grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 57 . brian just discuss something . una look like you be plotting something . o'shea no , no . more like plan . una huh . ( think , smile ) carry on . she leave , grin . brian great . it 's she birthday next week now she think this be something for she . dr gleeson she 's in for a shock . ext . maher be pub - day o' Shea , Lisa , Smith , Brian and Dr gleeson huddle . o'shea listen , the only people that know about this be we and it 's gotta stay that way or we will have a panic on we hand . the group confer , share glance . lisa how drunk be we talk here ? smith paddy level of drunkenness . they laugh loudly . dr gleeson you be go off you game , boy . lisa no offence but I do not think my body can handle paddy level . paddy it take year of practice . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 58 . brian if that thing do come for we , we would be lamb to the slaughter if bomb out of we brain . lisa and with everyone hammer there 's no one in a fit state to call the shot . the non- alcoholic shot . dr gleeson yeah but single someone out and they will be seek as the only meat on the menu . lisa but what 's to keep we safe from ourselves , forget what 's outside , we could fall over and break we neck try to conga . statistic prove put a large number of people in a confine space , ply they with booze and -- paddy -- you have get a hooley . lisa that 's not what it say . o'shea this will work . and I will keep order . I will not be drink . Lisa almost step back to take a closer look of he . lisa you ? we will both do it . smith that would put you both at risk . I suggest it 's just o' Shea . o'shea thanks . ( to lisa ) only one of we need risk it and I know this people and this island better than you . it should be I . smith I agree . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 59 . Lisa usher o' Shea aside ( leave the other talk amongst themselves ) . lisa I see what you be do here but have you forget you be a dependent alcoholic organise a piss up in a brewery ! I will do it . it will be easier . o'shea Lisa , I be good to no one when I drink . I know that . so do you . I can do this . paddy it 's gonna rain any minute . Lisa look at he , hold he stare . o' Shea do not flinch . finally -- lisa ok . but just so you know , I do not drink . I have never even be drunk . I do not know if I can . o'shea of course you can . and you will be the best drunken Guard this country 's ever see . you will probably get promote . lisa ah stop . o' Shea smile encouragingly . he take out he flask and hand it to she . suddenly he seem taller . smith right , if we be do this we will need a blood test from a healthy subject . Lisa , you be the fittest person here . lisa ( blushes ) you charmer . it 's true , though . o'shea Brian , I want a table of everything paddy have last night . brian what night be last night ? grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 60 . paddy Saturday night . lisa oh you gotta be joke I ! paddy oh it be a big one . brian comin ' right up . int . maher be pub - day - later the table have six empty on it . Lisa see double that though as she grip she seat for balance . lisa he never like I as much as she . she be the talented one , daddy 's little girl . that bitch ! o' Shea hold she beer hand steady . o'shea come on . Three finger . lisa but I get you guy . I love you all . even you . ( prods o'shea ) brian she 's langer . she downs the dregs and breathes deeply through she nose while stroking she hair as only drunk woman do . o'shea there , that 's everything . Brian , Dr gleeson and Smith do not know if they should clap . paddy reach into he pocket sheepishly . paddy I also have a snifter of ... a small bottle of what look like water . o' Shea stare he , know the answer before he ask . brian what 's that ? grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 61 . paddy a little home brew . brian you bring potcheen into my bar ? paddy a bird never fly on one wing . o'shea when this be over we need to talk . paddy ah come off it , this could save all we life yet . paddy pour a drop for Lisa . paddy there ya go , pet . Brian take the bottle of potcheen from paddy . brian I will take that . paddy you will in I shit . o'shea paddy . Lisa downs the potcheen and rest she head on the table . lisa I need to pee . int . disuse pub - day Dr gleeson draw blood from Lisa . o' Shea , Brian and paddy watch . Smith mark up a petri dish with he blood . lisa ow . Smith place he petri dish of blood next to a cage and -- whipah ! a tongue shoot out and hoover up all the blood . Brian 's shocked . paddy almost chuckle . o'shea now the taint blood . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 62 . brian if you be right , this will kill it ? o' Shea present Lisa 's petri dish of blood and whipah -- it hoover it up . the group lean in expectantly and bleurgh ! the grabber projectile vomit up all the blood , startling and revolting they -- ugh ! and then it warp , wither and shrivel . Dead . o' Shea hold the breathalyser in Lisa 's mouth . o'shea blow . ( read ) Point two . dr gleeson Holy Christ ! o'shea ok , now we know what we gotta do . keep we blood alcohol level at point two . the group 's horrify , except for paddy . dr gleeson ( to paddy ) you unnatural eejit . you be what will kill we . Point two ?! smith how be we go to determine that base on each person 's body mass index ? dr gleeson you be look at up to ten pint each depend on height and weight . brian we will have to do shot . properly tear the arse out of it . o'shea so let do it . brian ( a thought ) who 's go to pay for all this by the way ? grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 63. ext . mountain road - day the patrol jeep park at the chapel . ext . chapel - day Brian , o' Shea and Lisa make they way towards the chapel door . omitted omitted int . chapel - day fr pott , a incredulous elder statesman , finish mass . his eclectic congregation of forty or so islanders bless themselves -- fishermen , housewive , oap , una , etc . fr pott mass have end , go in peace to love and serve the Lord . amen . o' Shea , Brian and Lisa enter the back of the chapel . o'shea be this everyone ? brian it 's fr pott last mass , so everyone that do not leave yesterday for the thing in dungary . o' Shea and Lisa walk up the aisle towards fr pott as people rise to leave , some chat to each other as they go . o'shea Father , do you mind if I say a few word ? fr pott go mad . o' Shea take to the pulpit . o'shea can I have you attention please ? the congregation look up , consider o' Shea . mamie , a grey haire granny , tut to she neighbour . mamie oh here we go . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 64 . o'shea folk , just a quick announcement , at maher 's tavern tonight we be have a bit of a shindig and you be all come to join we for what will be a great night 's craic ! a wall of silence . una you be throw a party ? o'shea yeah . una why ? o'shea who need a reason to have a laugh ? Lisa gesture to o'shea , still drunk but she will field this one . lisa it 's a welcome party for I . Lisa seem very proud of herself for come up with that . una a welcome party ? but you be leave in a fortnight . lisa so it 's a goodbye party . whatever . una you only just get here . lisa ( to o'shea ) what 's she problem ? o'shea what we mean to say be -- a fisherman rise to leave . lisa -- hey bucko ! where be you go ? this party 's for you benefit . and all of you be gonna be there too . it 's the law ! grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 65 . lisa ( cont 'd ) and I swear to God I will arrest any one of you who be not . chalk it down ! Lisa glare at the congregation . fisherman be you coddin ' we , love ? lisa what 's you name ? he wilt . o'shea what garda nolan mean be we would love you company . there 's no point go home to a cold , empty house in weather like tonight when we will be right across the street from here and we will have music and craic and company -- and a free bar ! brian what ?! hilda , a stout woman , grab she coat . hilda sold ! o'shea that 's the spirit ! so c'mon , it 's a party and the drink be on we ! int . maher be pub - night the jukebox bellow with the dubliner " whiskey in the jar " as Brian wade through the forty strong patron . the drink 's flow , the merriment 's joyous , ignorance be bliss . int . pub kitchen - night o' Shea , Lisa , paddy , Smith and Dr gleeson be gather over a table . o'shea weapon . what have we get ? Lisa fumble some skillet , knife and bat . lisa crap . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 66 . dr gleeson I have get a nail - gun . thwack ! he nail a board of wood . dr gleeson and a board with a nail in it . o' Shea nod . ok . paddy I have get a hurley and a pellet gun . smith what be we gonna do with a pellet gun ? paddy shoot pellet . but I do not have any pellet . smith great , well you can just wave it at they then . o'shea all right , what have you get ? smith I have get a flare gun . everyone 's impressed , except paddy . lisa I dib the flare gun . Brian slam a huge colourful super-soaker before they . brian c.p.s. forty - one hundred pump action twin jet Super soaker . shoot twenty foot . the nephew 's . paddy a water pistol ? this thing like the water . brian it 's a water pistol if you use water . fill it with petrol and you have get a flamethrower . lisa I dib the water pistol . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 67 . o'shea right , well look sharp . you know you station : guard each exit and do not let anyone out . bottom up . they each raise shot glass and knock they back . Lisa lick she salted wrist . lisa tequila ! she suck the lime slice and everyone disperse . alone , o' Shea consider the back window as the first drop of rain pelt against it . the music build . this be it . ext . beach - night lapped by the surf , the detritus of egg spawn litter the shore as stream of track mark trail inland . ext . maher be pub - night - later rain begin to fall , hard and fast . no turn back now . int . maher be pub - night music belt out of the jukebox as folk get fluter . ( something with " rain " in its title . ) ext . maher be pub - night Dr gleeson guard the back entrance with he nail gun , watch the rain through a gap in the side door . int . maher be pub - night Brian tend bar , pour shot . one for you , one for I . mamie from the chapel lean on the counter , pisht . mamie two shandy , Brian pet . Brian knock up two shandy but spike both with blind double shot of vodka . brian how 's the heart , mamie ? mamie tip top . brian ( to himself ) thank Christ for that . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 68. he palm they to she , guilty as sin . she sip one and cough , teary eye . the wind knock out of she . mamie perfect . she stagger off . int . pub kitchen - night Smith sip he vodka coke , watch the back door and stand by with the walkie talkie . int . maher be pub - night paddy sip he pint by the front door while una dance with hilda , mamie and other . int . / ext . patrol jeep - night o' Shea and Lisa sit on stakeout outside the pub , rain pelting against the windscreen . lisa I dunno , you know ? she double up , laugh . o' Shea fight off a smile . lisa c'mere . listen . listen . at the end of the day , you know ? I dunno . I be so into you right now . joke . ( muffled ) kinda . she watch he reaction and stifles a burp . o'shea how much have you have ? lisa not enough to fancy you . o'shea then keep drink . o' Shea put the breathalyser in she mouth . o'shea blow . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 69 . lisa that 's it , be it ? you think I think I fancy you . that 's the sitchuashun we get , huh ? o'shea ( off breathalyser ) no more for you . lisa well I do . so whatcha wanna do ' bout it ? arrest I ? she smile coyly . or try to . o'shea you know as flatter as it be to hear a beautiful drunk slurring she feeling for I , now 's not the time . Lisa scoff , then something ( slightly ) sober she . lisa why do you drink so much , ciarán ? o'shea for the craic . lisa yeah right , and I work everyday ' cause I be drive . Lisa hear herself aloud . the admission sink she . lisa always chase they goal , you know ? always chase . always run . o' Shea consider she , recognise she vulnerability . o'shea you be too hard on yourself . Lisa well up , the drink make she emotional . lisa I feel like I have know you for year . I do not know why . o'shea maybe because I put year onto people . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 70 . lisa ... yeah . that 's true . they gaze at each other until o' Shea look away first . Lisa hiccup . as ladylike as possible . lisa I be sorry about you wife , o'shea . I really be . o'shea my what ? lisa una tell I , how she die . I be so sorry . o'shea una say what ? of all the storey . una be the biggest gossip go . you should not listen to she . no one die . we just ... we do not work out . lisa oh . ah shite , I be sorry . o'shea you be grand . lisa ... do you split because ... because of you alcoholickissness ? o'shea I do not drink back then . no , she meet someone else . it happen . o' Shea hide it well but this hurt . Lisa notice . lisa feck she , o' Shea . if you want I will find she and do she in for you ? o' Shea smile . Lisa reciprocate drunkenly . o'shea a toast . from a alcoholic to a workaholic . ( raise he coffee ) to get out of this alive . a moment share and then ... grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 71 . lisa hmm , toast . o' Shea smile and grab the c.b. Radio . o'shea patrol to base . patrol to base . come in , over . int . pub - night - intercut Smith belch under he breath and clutches a walkie-talkie . behind he , people be reenact the ' Siege of ennis ' which involved dance jig and hold hand for some reason . smith reading you loud and clear . over . o'shea ( v.o. ) how be we do ? Smith regards the islander enjoy the craic . smith ignorance be bliss . o'shea ( v.o. ) great . keep it up . over . Smith move back into the kitchen . int . pub kitchen - night - continued Smith go to finish he vodka coke but it 's already empty . he go to make another but then notice paddy 's potcheen bottle sit idle on the counter . he consider it . uncork it . sniff it . pour himself a drop . tastes it . hmm , like it . and pour himself a lethal dose of it , smile away to himself . sure God love he , he 's fuck . int . maher be pub - night Brian tick a chart , tabulate whose have what and how much . hilda from the chapel order . hilda two pint please , Brian . Brian tick a piece of paper and start pour she pint . brian both for you ? grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 72 . hilda no. Jesus , what ' cha take I for ? brian right , right . be you sure ? hilda I be ! brian Grand , grand . c'mere hilda , you be look well . do you lose weight ? hilda light up , delighted with herself . hilda aw , really ? well I have be doin ' the walkin' . brian yeah , yeah . how much would you say you lose ? would I be right in think you be around fourteen stone ? she stare , gobsmack . brian no? Fifteen ? yeah , I better go with fifteen to be safe . int . maher be pub - night Dr gleeson sway past paddy as he return from the back . paddy ya all right ? dr gleeson ugh , bloat . paddy ya have not touch you pint . ya gonna finish it ? dr gleeson hold onto it for I . Dr gleeson walk off , give paddy he nail gun . paddy wait a few second then siphon a sup off gleeson 's drink . int . downstair hallway - night outside the men' bathroom Dr gleeson join a long queue . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 73. dr gleeson c'mon , c'mon . be some bloke doin ' he makeup or what ? he shuffles on he foot . he can not wait a minute longer . dr gleeson ah , feck the like of this . he abandon the line . ext . maher' pub alcove - night Dr gleeson sneak out , spot the patrol Jeep and duck into the alcove -- out of sight . he lean against the wall , pee . rain run down the corrugate roof . relief . for now . he zip up , turn and see ... jumper . dozen of they . Dr gleeson chill . limbless bounce piranhas . they move clumsily , regularly toppling over as they hop , leap and jump . they be not very intelligent or agile but they be inquisitive . and starve . for a moment there 's a curious stand - off , and then a jumper hop closer startling Dr gleeson . dr gleeson whoa , feck off ! Dr gleeson kick it like a football and it launch through the air , squealing . with beak gape , spike tongue curling , the rest of the jumper move in on he . int . / ext . patrol jeep - night o' Shea toss a peanut into the air to catch in he open mouth but he miss as he stare , slackjaw at -- ext . maher be pub - night -- Dr gleeson staggering blindly in the rain , a jumper clamp onto he head , swallow he down to he nose . dr gleeson Christ almighty , I head ! o' Shea bound from the jeep , hurley in hand . Lisa flank he , staggering with a golf club . o'shea Jim , do not move ! grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 74 . Dr gleeson stumble forward as jumper maul he and other circle like fat toddler around a ice-cream truck . he fall to he knee before o' Shea and Lisa . dr gleeson get it off ! get it off ! Lisa stamp the group as if scare off a load of stray cat . lisa git! g'wan ! shag off ! the jumper keep they distance as o' Shea drag the jumper off Dr gleeson 's head , like tug on a wedge welly . he pull it off and the jumper disperse into the shadow . o'shea you ok , Jim ? Dr gleeson catch he breath , gasp , he hair stand up on he head like a gell explosion . dr gleeson I have to piss . suddenly the silhouette of a tree behind Dr gleeson come alive . they be not branch , they be tentacles . flashes of lightning reflect off its slick , oily skin as -- a tornado of black feeler slither forward . 25 foot of ugly . off Lisa and o'shea 's horrify face , Dr gleeson turn to meet Medusa on a bad hair day . the grabber seize he , lift he high and dangle he over its jaw like pluck grape . then drop he before he can scream . devour like a banana in a blender . Dr gleeson 's dead . or at least incredibly injure . the grabber spit a pip : Dr gleeson 's head . it land at Lisa 's foot . no , he 's definitely dead . lisa fuck that . Lisa bound for the jeep . the grabber roar ! spittle fly out of its gape maw . int . maher be pub - night " the irish Rover " bellow on the jukebox . people clap and jig . una swing fr pott , link onto he , until he fly loose of she and stagger into paddy 's table . wahey ! grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 75 . fr pott Jesus Christ , una . everyone 's have a ball . the pogue with the dubliner carry outside , accompany the action as -- int . / ext . patrol jeep - night - intercut Lisa climb behind the wheel and o' Shea hurry to catch up . lisa get in . she open the passenger door for he but tear off leave he behind . driving drunk . o'shea wait ! oh Jesus Mary mother of god. she slam on the brake . skid . lisa shite . get in . o' Shea catch up and dive in the backseat . o'shea drive ! drive ! Lisa do , but reversing towards the grabber . o'shea ahh , the other way ! the other way ! they ram into the grabber , the car jolting violently . lisa shite ! o'shea let I drive ! lisa I be not feel so good . I need a drink to calm I nerve . she reach for a quick swig but o' Shea bat the bottle away from she pucker lip . o'shea get we out of here ! lisa I can not drive with you shaking I . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 76 . Lisa crunch gear and the tyre smoke and spin , fight against the drag . the grabber smother the jeep , its fetid breath fogging the windscreen . o' Shea scream ! Lisa sob . o'shea we be gonna die ! o' Shea grab at the handbrake , put they in gear , desperate to get they move . o'shea put you foot on the clutch ! lisa I be arrest you for the murder of Doctor gleeson . you be not oblige to say anything unless you wish to do so , but whatever you say will be take down in write and may be give in evidence . brian ( v.o. ) base to patrol . o' Shea we be run short here . we be dry on four tap and out of spirit and wine . over . o' Shea grab the radio . o'shea ( into radio ) brian , get the door , OPEN the door ! Lisa switch on the patrol light and palm the horn . the grabber leap back from the jeep and flare up like a huntsman spider , hiss . lisa fuck that . Lisa bound from the jeep leave o' Shea stare in shock . he kick open he door and scramble after she as the grabber leap onto the jeep and smashes it . second to spare . Lisa turn to look . lisa it 's eat the jeep . o' Shea run past , grab she hand and pull she along . o'shea let it ! grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 77 . ext . pub kitchen - night Brian open the side door and stop as he see the chaos . brian merciful shit . he turn back and -- int . pub kitchen - night -- grab he super soaker off the coat rack . brian Smith ! Smith lift he head up off the kitchen table . his eye be furiously blood shot and he look like he 's have a stroke . smith ( drooling ) I can not feel my face . brian Smith , the lighter ! smith I think I be drunk , Brian . brian hurry ! Smith rise and stagger-run to Brian but slam into the wall instead . he slide onto the floor where he lull , confuse . smith you floor be break . o' Shea and Lisa barrel in . o' Shea look for stuff to barricade the door . o'shea grab the table . Brian belch , also piss . brian Smith ! Light I ! remain slump on the floor , Smith spark a Zippo lighter and hold it up for Brian to light the gun nozzle . but like fella after ten pint try to stick they key in the front door they can not synchronize they movement . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 78 . Brian squat , the way only a drunk would , to steady himself . brian nearly . put the other light away . ... stall on now . that 's it ... o'shea Brian , forget that help we barricade the door . brian almost there . o' Shea and Lisa drag the heavy table into position . omitted int . pub kitchen - night finally Brian set the wick in the nozzle of the super - soaker alight , pump furiously and aim it out the door . brian all right you ugly bollock , have some of this shit ! he take squirt and ... nothing happen . except the gun tip melt and light ablaze . brian ahh , Christ ! the grabber roar get closer . o'shea that 's gonna blow ! get rid of it ! Brian toss the super - soaker outside and slam the door , double -bolt it , just in time as una sway in , drink in hand , to find o' Shea , Lisa , Smith and Brian in a right state . una ( slurre ) what 's goin ' on ? o'shea nothing ! boom ! a bright flash of fire blossom outside . o' Shea barricade the door with furniture . una what be that ? grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 79 . brian what be what ? Brian grab a glass of wine . brian here , honey , have a drink . una I have a drink . brian have two . una I have drunk enough . o'shea move back . thud ! the door rattles . una ( call out ) who be it ? brian it 's nobody , honey . lisa who want toast ? smith I do . o'shea be every one all right ? lisa Grand . bleurgh ! Smith vomit against the wall . una mother of Jesus ! pop ! Lisa 's toast arrive . she butter it . o'shea be this what I be like when I be drunk ? Lisa stare at he , chew toast . eye swim . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 80 . lisa you be worse . o' Shea hustle every one out of the kitchen . int . maher be pub - night - continuous o' Shea push through the oblivious patron towards the bar . Brian flick the tap . they hiss and sputter . brian ( to o'shea ) we be dry . paddy we be what ?! brian unless someone go outside to change the keg , we be do drink for the night . paddy 's devastate . paddy no ! no ! he thump the counter . paddy I be just gettin ' a taste for it . the gang talk over the din . the islander still blissfully unaware of what 's happen . for a moment o' Shea 's lose in he own world as he notice he 's absentmindedly clutching a pint from the counter . he consider it , then push it away , grab a chair and rise . o'shea folk , listen carefully . we be move this party upstairs . fr pott ah now , what kind of party be this ? o'shea it 's just a precaution . una a precaution to what ? o' Shea think . mamie rise with she coat . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 81 . mamie ( slurre ) I be goin ' home . I be pisht . she sit back down again , lose she balance . o'shea you can not . no one can . fr pott why ? lisa it 's raining . people look , huh ? fisherman someone better tell we what 's really go on here ? right now ! omitted omitted omitted int . maher be pub - night panic and confusion spread through the crowd . una this party be not for I , be it , Brian ?! you lie to I ! brian ( to paddy ) you see you ! this be you fault . you bring that thing on the island . una what thing ? Smith hang onto the pub wall , edging towards the front door as everyone 's attention be focus on the commotion inside . smith ( mumbling ) be this my sausage ?! ( puke ) kill I . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 82. paddy ( to brian ) ah relax . you will give yourself angina . brian I will give ya angina . outside , now ! I claim ya ! o'shea no ! you can not go outside ! lisa ( to fr pott et al ) because of the rain . Lisa wink sleepily at the huddle mass as o' Shea get between Brian and paddy , separate they . brian ( to paddy ) c'mon then , put them up . paddy right you be ! I be sick of you bollock . Brian roll up he sleeve . paddy take out he tooth . o'shea paddy ! Brian ! cop on , I be ask ya ! now 's not the time for this . paddy and Brian drunkenly box ( by miss every punch , and fall over a lot ) . una repeatedly punch Brian 's arm . una ( punching he ) stop fightin ! stop fightin ! fr pott hold onto the huddle and terrify islander . Lisa look they all in the eye , sway and smile . lisa do not worry , we have it all under control . there 's nothing try to kill you . Smith open the front door , let a chill breeze into the pub . everyone turn to see . smith we need more alcohol . ( dry heave ) grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 83. Smith stagger out the open door . mamie thanks be to Jesus , let I out of here ! o'shea no ! o' Shea run to the door hold people back from try to follow . folk jostle to see out window and over shoulder . o'shea get back ! Smith , what be you do ? Smith ! int . / ext . maher be pub - night Smith stagger out into the rain . smith it 's raining again . o' Shea , Lisa and paddy hang at the door , watch . o'shea Smith , listen to I . it 's bigger than you think . get back inside now ! please , I be begging you . smith I need a picture with it . for National geographic . and Facebook . paddy feck you photo , change the keg ! ( off o'shea ) what ? he 's fluter , sure he will be fine . g'wan , Smith ! Fine fella y'are ! a growl in the darkness . a hint of movement in the blackest shadow . o' Shea pale . Smith raise he digital camera . o'shea Smith , mate ! listen to I ! flash ! he snap a photo and the grabber light up for a split second , ten foot from Smith . smith shush , you will scare it . intercut smith with the pub . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 84 . una oh my God ! fr pott what the fuck be that ? paddy a grabber . flash ! eight foot away from Smith . and move slowly . flash ! five foot . flash ! two . flash ! the grabber breath on Smith , the air mist as its black lip unfurl back , revealing its pink blade throat . smith steady . you do not want to eat I . I be rip to the tit ! tentacles molest Smith , writhe all over he , muss he hair . lick and taste he sweat . smith sticky . the grabber recoil , have taste he sweat . yuck ! smith ( turn to other , grin ) see ! I tell you . it 's just a animal , it do not want to hur -- -- oof ! the grabber flick Smith out its way like a peanut , send he shoot off into the night sky . folk scream and whimper . complete shock . paddy he fly ?! the grabber charge straight for they . o' Shea slam the door and turn , back flush against it -- o'shea everyone , upstairs ! now ! the pub door collapse and jumper flood in , breach the fort . no doubt about it now , they be on a sink ship . a stampede for the stair . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 85 . int . upstair hallway - night - continuous islander clamber into the corridor , petrify . int . stairway - night - continuous ( same location ) o' Shea pull a cabinet over , leave obstacle in he wake . int . upstair hallway - night - continuous o' Shea and some other push furniture down the stair , block access with a fortify wall of rubble . the upstairs hallway be jamme as Brian open a door into a old disuse upstair pub , allow people to filter in . the ruckus below sounding like a bar brawl . o'shea everyone , stay calm . they can not get up here . fr pott and what in the name of fuck be that thing ? paddy jumper . fr pott ha ? paddy they jump . thud ! crash ! bang ! islander whimper . o' Shea move through the hallway , through the crowd . o'shea have anyone be bitten ? ( no one have ) you have not be bitten because of the alcohol you have be drink . they be allergic to drunk people . so there 's no need to panic , we be safe up here . have anyone get a mobile on they ? everyone take out a phone , some take out two . o'shea call the mainland . call the coastguard . call whoever you can get through to . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 86 . they start dialling . mamie Father , be it the apocalypse ? fr pott Jesus , I hope not . o' Shea catch he breath , hunch against the corner . he look up to una , Brian , Lisa and paddy watch he . he force the best smile he can muster . o'shea we will be fine ! ext . maher be pub - night the grabber retreat into the darkness . int . disuse pub - night - later Brian open the door to a supply closet . o' Shea and Lisa flank he . the closet 's full of innocuous clean product , blanket , etc . brian it 's just linen and clean stuff . nothing we can really use . fisherman why can not ya just shoot it ? ye guy must have some gun . Brian close the closet . o'shea we be the gardai . not the lapd . ( off they face ) a garda siochana will succeed not by force of arm or number , but on they moral authority as servant of the people . Lisa gasp . she grin at he with drunken pride . o' Shea almost blushes . fisherman we be bollox . brian yep . Brian shut the door . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 87 . int . disuse pub - night o' Shea watch the window . o'shea something 's not right . it can not be that hungry . eavesdropp , paddy chime in . paddy it 's the female . it 's follow she scent . sure do not she slime you in the lab ? like with I bathroom and tadhg Murphy . o'shea tadhg Murphy 's dead ! some hallway people whimper , overhear o'shea . o'shea no , no , tadhg Murphy 's fine . he 's at the festival on the mainland . lisa and so 's he wife . the islander gasp . irene 's dead too ?! ah fuck . omitted omitted omitted ext . maher be pub - night thud ! a dead sheep slam the door ( as cooney do ) . int . lisa' bedroom - night Brian peek out the bedroom window . Brian round the corner , back towards o' Shea et al ... brian it 's swinging one of Tommy riordan 's sheep at the door . paddy , Lisa , una and o' Shea look . thud ! thud ! grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 88. lisa my cat do that , then leave it on the doorstep as a present . paddy a mate ritual . thud ! crash ! bang ! o'shea what the hell do that mean ? paddy it will try to mount you , somehow . fail that it will most likely rip you limb from limb in frustration . o'shea Grand . ah sure what can ya do . lisa play hard to get . thud ! the grabber roar and slither off into the shadow . hilda oh , God . what do it want ? o' Shea look at the scared islander . he 's what it want . the sound of window shatter . islander 's whimper . una it 's not gonna stop , be it ? we will not survive the night . we be on a sink ship . Brian breathalyses himself sorrowfully . o'shea what 's you read ? brian too drunk to drive a car but not drunk enough . we be sober up . all of we . o' Shea nod tensely . Brian console una as another loud thud shake the floor and the ceiling light shade above they . una we can not just sit here . it will bring the wall down around we . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 89 . paddy what if we throw a bomb at it ? brian have you get semtex on you ? paddy not on I , no . brian how about we like push it off a cliff or something . una or electrocute it ? I do not know . paddy I vote we feed it Father pott . unless it eat shit it will choke to death . fr pott I beg you pardon . fr pott perk up from the darker corner . paddy feck , be he in here ? I be joke , Father . I apologise . fr pott disregard he . una if we can not destroy it , what can we do ? o'shea ( to fr pott ) what about the phone ? fr pott shake he head . nothing . o'shea ok , we know it do two thing : it drink blood and it breathes water . we take away one , we could take away the other . una what do you mean ? o'shea we need to keep it away from water . dry it out somehow . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 90 . paddy ( re. the rain ) look outside . o'shea there 's get to be some way we can stop it , fight fire with fire . Lisa notice she police boot from the day before , see the chalky stain all along they . a idea ! lisa the grabber ! not the grabber - grabber , the mechanical one ! ( off they confusion ) the big yoke , with the arm and the thing and you know ? that big aul whatchamacallit you crush thing with . the feckin ' thing at cooney 's site ! what 's it call ? paddy a grabber ? lisa exactly ! with that thing you could grab it , hoist it up and trap it . it 's raining now but it have to stop some time right ? and when it do it would be stick . once the sun come up it would cook . that would dry it out . o' Shea 's eye brighten , he smile at Lisa . she smile back , properly proud of herself . paddy you think you can catch that thing ? una sure 'tis lepping about all over the shop . brian you would need some sort of ...? o' Shea clenches the leprechaun key-re in he fist . o'shea -- a death trap . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 91 . int . disuse pub - night - continuous o' Shea move to a window to clock a white pickup truck park outside in the rain . his purposeful stride instil confidence in the other . o' Shea 's back in charge . o'shea ( to brian ) have you get the key to you truck ? Brian check he pocket . brian they would be in the kitchen . on the table , I think . o'shea I need they . una you can not go downstairs , that thing will tear you to piece . brian she 's right . paddy you might not get past they , but someone else could . fr pott you would be talk about the drunkest person we get . all eye fall on Lisa as she lick she dry mouth . off they look -- o'shea absolutely not , it 's too risky . paddy you go . paddy what ? feck off ! Brian should go . Brian consider it . una 's have none of it . brian I could try ... una not a hope . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 92 . lisa ( rise , sway ) slow down there . I will do it . o'shea no . it 's too dangerous . lisa which be exactly why you will want the best drunken guard this country 's ever see . right ? Lisa look at he , hold he stare . o' Shea smile . int . top of stair - night - later the gang rally around Lisa at the stairway blockade . o' Shea hand she the nail - gun . o'shea if you get in trouble . pull the trigger . she take it in she hand , drunkenly marvel . lisa oooh , savage . she pull the trigger and a nail stab the wall inch from paddy 's head . o'shea careful . brian you miss . paddy throw Brian a wither look . o'shea just get the key and come right back . I will do the rest . fr pott bless she . lisa get it . just the key . they pull away debris , allow a gap . Lisa and o'shea 's gaze hold a second longer than necessary . Lisa smile . lisa I will be all right . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 93. int . stairway - night - intercut Lisa scramble through . una steal a glimpse downstairs . una look what they have do to the carpet ! Brian console una as o' Shea and paddy seal the gap . suddenly Lisa trip and slip down some stair . waking the dead . o' Shea , Brian , una and paddy gasp , listen . Lisa pick herself up . lisa it's ok ! i'm all right ! o'shea shush !! keep you voice down ! paddy she 's a goner . o' Shea look at paddy , then at Brian . brian how be you gonna get to the truck ? o'shea run very fast . una Love , you be not that fast . fr pott you will need a decoy . paddy I get it . if its you it want , then we give it what it want . we fashion a dummy , dress it up like bait and confuse the shite out of it . it will not know where to look when there 's two of you . fr pott and how the hell do we make a dummy ? o' Shea look at paddy , he like that idea . o'shea improvise . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 94 . int . maher be pub - night jumper mill about , tear the place asunder . one study itself in a mirror , until it can not stand itself any more . it attack the mirror and knock itself out . another choke while try to eat a pool ball . Lisa round a corner , slumping lazily against the wall . lisa focus . she take a deep breath and move in amongst they . she sidestep over one and dip she hand into a peanut bowl . she palm they into she mouth , chew and scan the room . a jumper leap onto the counter beside she . pop ! it collapse back . another jumper climb onto she foot . lisa get off . she kick she leg and the jumper fly off and smack into the jukebox , turn it on . mundy 's " galway girl " blast . int . disuse pub - night Brian , una , fr pott , o' Shea and paddy grab supplies . a mop , a broom , a coat rack , marigold glove , twine . the music bleed upstair : una I love that song . paddy what be she do at all ? they begin assemble something as o' Shea mask he concern : o'shea hurry . omitted omitted int . pub kitchen - night Lisa search for the key . she scan the floor , find the full bottle of potcheen Smith drank . she tuck it in she jacket pocket and continue search as behind she the back door slowly open ; its lock break . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 95 . tentacles reach inside , snake silently towards she as she find Smith 's Zippo lighter and hold onto it . she spot the key under a stove and reach , strain . her face flush with the floor as the tentacles close in . suddenly a stray tentacle knock a dangle skillet -- -- clang ! Lisa spin and fire the nail gun as tentacles rush towards she . a hail of nail stab the wall and blow out the wall mount fuse box -- bang ! int . disuse pub - night sudden darkness be meet with scream ! maher' pub Lisa dive into the main bar and flip the Zippo lighter as the grabber seize she leg . the lighter fall beyond reach and take fuel off the coat rack . flame crawl high upon the jacket and coat . lisa uh FIRE ! FIRE ! the grabber drag Lisa across the pub floor . int . / ext . disuse pub - night - continuous paddy , Brian and o' Shea slot the mop into the coat rack and slide a broom through the horizontal gap , its clear now they be building a scarecrow . o' Shea put he jacket over it , dress it . una sniff the air in the hall . una do you smell smoke ? int . maher be pub - night - continuous Lisa grab hold of the bar counter foot rail , but she 's quickly pull from it and slide into the pub kitchen towards the gape jaw that fill the backyard door frame . she grab break bottle off the floor and stab at the tentacle , glass they . she grab Dr gleeson 's board with a nail in it and slam it home . it uncoil around she foot . free , she run for the pub front door . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 96 . int . upstair hallway window - night o' Shea frantically pull apart the blockade as smoke funnel up towards they . people panic . fr pott we be go up in flame ! o'shea where be she ? brian you gotta go now . o'shea I need that key . brian we can not wait , son . o' Shea open the hallway window and climb out . he nod towards Brian await he cue : do it . int . disuse pub - night Brian fling the window open towards the rain . paddy yoohoo ! come and get I , you rotten bastard ! paddy , fr pott , Brian and una pick up o'shea 's scarecrow decoy and chuck it out the window into the back yard . Brian shut the window and splat - bang ! everyone jump back ! startle as -- -- the grabber 's mouth fill the window , kissing glass . it crawl upwards , smudge the window . folk stare , horrify . Brian look back at o'shea 's open window . he run to it . ext . maher be pub - night o' Shea drop onto the back wall and shimmy along it . brian run , o' Shea , run ! o' Shea look back at Brian and see pitching itself over the roof of the pub -- the grabber . it cascade towards he like a sticky spaghetti slinky , tentacles tumble . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 97 . suddenly skid around the corner , spew up mud , come Lisa in Brian 's old pickup . she park right below o'shea . o'shea Lisa ? lisa would ya come on for fuck sake ! o' Shea 's never be so pleased to see she behind the wheel . int . / ext . pickup - night thump ! o' Shea jump in the pickup . o'shea go ! lisa I be break so many law . drink on duty . driving under the influence . speed . driving without light on . o'shea put you light on ! lisa ( she doe ) ah that 's better . they tear off , leave the grabber behind . roaring ! int . upstair window - night Brian , paddy and una watch from the window . paddy good luck , boy . Brian hand paddy a axe . ( bury the hatchet . ) brian let 's bury the hatchet , paddy ... into the head of that feckin' thing ! paddy jumper . una come on ! paddy take the axe and the trio turn to go to work . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 98 . ext . mountain road - night Brian 's pickup race along , splash through a puddle and leave a empty road in its wake , that be until the grabber appear over the hill , rip along and gain on they . ext . derelict site - night rain dribble down the " keep out " sign as the pickup smack into it , knock it down . Lisa and o' Shea bail out and regard the empty site . Lisa run towards the truck as -- -- o' Shea make a beeline for the site 's gennie . he start it up and light fill the site from big work lamp dot about . o'shea it 's follow I , so you get the crusher and I will lure it into position . Lisa back into o' Shea , dread paint on she face . lisa it 's go . o'shea what be ? lisa the crusher , the jcb . it 's go . it 's not here anymore . on that -- a roar ! they turn and see the grabber stare at they from across camp . it stalk forward like a cat approach its prey . o' Shea and Lisa back up , keep they distance . no sudden movement . lisa ciarán . o'shea I know . lisa what be we gonna do now ? o'shea fuck know . o' Shea take out and check the flare gun . two cartridge . he look around he , look for idea . he see something -- grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 99 . o'shea I have get a idea . Lisa clock something , too . on the other side of they . lisa I have get a idea too . o'shea what 's you idea ? lisa why , what be you think ? o'shea i'm thinking -- the grabber lurch forward sounding the starter pistol and storm towards they . lisa ( at the grabber ) wait ! we be not ready ! o'shea run ! lisa give I the key ! o' Shea toss cooney 's leprechaun key-chain at Lisa . she reach to catch it but it sail past she drunken hand . lisa get them . shit ! Lisa stagger after the key and snatch they off the footprint she leave in the cement , now dry and rock hard . lisa get them ! o' Shea run the incline of the ramp , gun for the pit . int . / ext . bulldozer - night - continuous Lisa slam into the bulldozer and stab cooney 's key into the driver 's door but they will not open . they be -- lisa -- the wrong key . it will not open . ( spot something ) grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 100 . she grab a 2 x4 off the ground and smashes the cabin' window . she climb inside , grab a screwdriver off a toolbox and set to work jack the ignition . lisa ... break and enter . jack a steal vehicle ... int . derelict site - night - continuous o' Shea find the pit as the grabber follow he , roaring . he dart across the metal ladder laid over the pit like a rickety bridge . the concrete hole wait to swallow he up . the grabber edge towards the pit , snarling . it reach the edge and stall , feel its surroundings . o' Shea be almost at the other side of the ladder when the grabber snatch hold of it and yank it away from under he . o' Shea just make the safety of the rim give he a foothold with a twenty foot drop onto shard of break barrel and iron girder beyond that . if he slip he 's dead . the grabber consider he , edging no further . o' Shea see the oil tank , he aim the flare gun at the drum . finger on the trigger , ready and wait . o'shea come on , you langer . just a little closer . move . hey , you want I , you be go have to come across and get -- -- whipah ! the grabber 's barb tongue shoot across the pit and lance the air around he . o' Shea 's well within reach . o'shea awwwwww bollock . whipah ! o' Shea jump leave . whipah ! he jump right . inch to spare each time as o' Shea try to take aim while ducking . he fire and the flare miss the oil drum . it strike a expose girder and land in the pit , glow and smoulder . he duck the tongue and reload , balanced precariously . int . / ext . bulldozer - night - continuous Lisa jack the screwdriver into the ignition and turn . the engine rumble to life along with the radio . she move to put on she seat - belt but stop herself . feck it . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 101 . she flip the light on , full beam . releases the hand -brake . steel herself and slam the foot down , switch gear . all the while absentmindedly mumble along to the radio . tread spin , spitting mud . here she come ... int . pit - night whipah ! the tongue lash out and o' Shea duck it . o'shea enough ! piss off ! whipah ! the tongue strike again but this one lance o' Shea 's shoulder and spin he like a top ! o' Shea smack off the pit 's floor , just miss a iron girder . ouch ! he land hard on he shoulder , strike with utter agony . tentacles surround , curling towards he . he grab he strewn flare gun and bury himself in the corner of the pit , rain and mud dribble down upon he . he reload and take aim at the oil drum . this final shot will certainly kill he . yet he 's willing to do it . he grip the trigger , summoning all he have ... as the SOUND of a engine draw close . headlights shine over the pit -- int . / ext . bulldozer / ramp - night - continuous -- Lisa slam she foot down , gun it . eye burn . lisa get away from he , you --! the grabber turn , see Lisa a second too late as she slam into it with a sloppy -thud ! the grabber roar , obscure she last word . she wait for it to stop squealing and ... lisa cunt. ( alternative : langer . ) ext . pit - night - continuous the grabber crash into the pit as the bulldozer pivot and pin it ; its scoop slamm down and sever the grabber 's extend tongue . o' Shea rise , back to the pit wall , inch from the carnage . he stuff the flare gun in he belt and climb the bulldozer 's tread towards level ground . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 102. tentacles whip and flail around he as Lisa clamber from the cabin and grab he hand . lisa I get you . she help he climb out and they catch they breath . elate . o'shea you take you sweet time . Lisa reveal paddy 's potcheen bottle . lisa I think this call for a celebration . o' Shea laugh but then he face drop . he look down to see a tentacle wrap around he waist . lisa o' Shea ! it pull he off he foot as he grab Lisa 's bottle . pull towards the grabber 's snap maw , it draw he in , jaw snarling . almost grin . it 's go to enjoy this . but at the last moment o' Shea pop the cork and chuck the bottle into its mouth . o'shea sláinte . the grabber choke and spasm . a monstrous wail and -- -- o' Shea be flung into the air . ext . derelict site ramp - night - continuous o' Shea land . he spit up dirt as Lisa run to he . o'shea he could not handle he drink . she lean in close as if to kiss he . o' Shea pucker up . but Lisa grab the flare gun from he belt and run back to the precipice of the pit . o'shea ... what be you ...? she aim it at the oil drum . the roar of the grabber . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 103. lisa oh shut you hole . she fire ! kabooooom ! the shockwave hurtle Lisa onto she arse beside o'shea . both laid out in the mud . grabber gunk and rain pelt they . o'shea Jesus , you be dangerous . lisa ( thrilled ) I know ! they laugh . ext . grassy hill overlooking beach - dawn no longer raining , o' Shea and Lisa look absolutely filthy as they come walk over the hillside . she hiccup demurely . lisa you look like crap . o'shea so do you . they shuffle on together . Battle -scarre . limp . side-by - side . Lisa take o' Shea 's flask from she pocket . lisa here . she hand it to he . o' Shea remember it for a brief moment , then let it fall away . Lisa smile . proud of he . they stagger on , the beautiful sea panorama before they . casually they fill the pause , at ease with the world . lisa I think I will take some time - off . o'shea you know if you live here you would be home already . Lisa absorb the vista before she . lisa Home of the Erin Island grabber . it 's gonna get mental round here . grabber - production draft ( gold ) 28/1/2011 104 . o'shea I will need all the help I can get . o' Shea put he arm around she , and they seem right together . lisa you want to get some breakfast ? o'shea yeah . lisa first , let get out of this wet clothes . o'shea sound good . they laugh , and stumble on arm -in - arm into the sunrise . ext . shore - dawn in the ripple of sand , a different pattern be obvious , some unusual track lead to water ... jumper . they make it . fade out . the end