grand HOTEL shoot draft hour . people people camera written by bela balaz base on the play " menschen im Hotel " by Vicki baum american version by William A. drake prologue Berlin . season be March . action of the picture take place in approximately 36 picture commence at approximately 12:35 in the day . time : the present . exterior revolving door show general natural action of people go in and come out but in it be the definite inference of arrive and people leave the big hotel . move inside through the revolving door -- very quickly . pause on the threshold like a human be , see and hearing . and business the it movement camera action . people who distinguish hear action Captain -- go dissolve out . dissolve into : clock . it be twenty minute to one -- then move slowly into the crowd of busy mid-day jumble . camera push through crowd and pass by the foot of step that lead up to the restaurant . in its journey , pass kringelein look up . he be not point . the camera then saunter -- get a slow profile across -- near senf 's desk . senf be very busy . the now pass -- profile -- the desk of senf . General senf stand before he background of slot and key . we proceed until we be face the elevator . at that moment the elevator be open . among the emerge be suzette , who move too quickly for we to who she be . the camera pan quickly with she and in the distance we she say to senf : suzette madam grusinskaya will not want she car . this line be only just above the general clatter of but it be pick - up sharply first by senf then by Bell - and as the camera slowly turn around , we see the boy towards the door and we hear the voice in the distance , say : voice cancel madam grusinskaya 's car . the camera now back away from the scene into the bar . -- in crowd of blonde , glance at of he suddenly to a glance at camera the of lunchtime . pompous important just d'hotel to arm : a section . ) it back to the back of the bar and proceed profile -- behind the back of the barmen . a mix people drink before they lunch . we pick up the Doctor , lean he head upon he hand , look into space . the woman next to he , a noisy be laugh . the doctor glance up at she -- she the doctor . she and the audience see the scar side face -- the laugh die on she lip and she turn she companion , who be the Baron . we do not get much of chance to see he because at that instant he be he watch , he shoulder be turn away from the and he move out towards the lobby . back up a few foot and lap dissolve as you move into main aisle of busy room in restaurant . great activity waiter . the bustle and activity of fashionable string orchestra be play . among other thing , we pick up the smile face of the maitre d'hotel , he have apparently just show someone to a table . the camera watch he face and follow he . his face as camera reach service table . the pompous maitre now become a thing of drama as he demand of a waiter : maitre d'hotel where be that gentleman 's soup ? the waiter , frighten and perspire , do not bother argue -- he tear off quickly ( camera following he ) to another service table . the waiter seize buss - boy 's he , ticket exception " trll over CUT to : small and face -- chef have down before Mr. hand . a he , go to waiter where 's that soup ? Boy go off at great rate of speed , camera follows into service room of kitchen . Boy stop at soup chef 's counter . he be not the only waiter want soup at that moment . he push he way to the front and put he forward . boy Quick -- come on -- come on ... the soup chef , use to impatient waiter , make no of the young man . he look at he as much as to say : slap you on the mouth . " at the same time he be pull a cauldron of soup . cauldron of soup be pull over -- it dislodge a cauldron that be near the edge . we see the soup fall hear the scream of a woman before show she agonize she have be scald . General steamy confusion . the fill the plate . we proceed the buss -boy out . half way the aisle , the waiter take it from he . the camera follow the waiter who place the soup preysing . preysing have be wait , with he serviette carefully tuck in he collar . his spoon be in he horrible man , ready for action . the soup be in front of he taste it , push it away , frown , we feel he be tear the place down . waiter ( anxious voice ) yes. preysing ( grimly ) cold . voice ( near preysing 's elbow ) Mr. preysing ... preysing ( in same voice ) yes ... bellboy telephone -- from fredersdorf -- preysing rise , strut from restaurant . camera follows he -- he walk out through the door ... dissolve out and into : between two operator head . odd effect at board . camera tilt up as preysing 's head look right down at girl . bellboy be with preysing . bellboy Mr. preysing from fredersdorf -- he call . girl yes , Mr. preysing -- preysing begin drum he finger on the top of switchboard . girl ( nervously ) they have go -- just a moment , sir ... preysing ( to boy ) you tell I it be on -- you say the call be through . ( he wait irritably ) second girl ( to first ) who 's in number three ? CUT to : next from the first girl senf -- the hall porter . ( girl look off at ... ) senf in telephone booth senf yes , it 's senf , the head porter , Grand Hotel ... be you at the Clinic ? , ... how 's my wife ? , ... be she in pain ? , ... be not the child come soon ? , ... patience ! it 's easy for you to talk ... get away ? , ... no , I can not -- I would lose my job . it 's like be in jail . oh , I hope the child come along all right . at the conclusion of senf 's speech , camera move to booth . thru the glass door we see preysing approach desk . he enter booth and commence conversation : preysing hello ! Long distance ? , ... get off the wire ... no ... I be talk to fredersdorf ... what ? , ... oh. hello !... be that you dear ?... how be everything at home ?... what do you hear from the factory ?... no ... how be the child ?... I leave my shave set at home ... yes , be you father there ?... hello , father ?... we stock have go down twenty - three point . if we merger with the saxonia do not go through -- I do not know what we can do ... hello , hello ... yes , papa . rely on I -- everything depend on Manchester ... if they refuse to come in -- well , we will be in bad shape ... no ... rely on I , I will make it go through -- I will make it go through ... wait ?... yes , I be still speak ... the camera then pan to suzette . suzette be already in booth and she be wait for Mr. meierheim to come on . suzette ( start to speak ) hello , Mr. meierheim ?... be that Mr. meierheim ?... this be suzette ... suzette , madam grusinskaya 's may ... no ... madam grusinskaya will not go to the rehearsal ... no ... madam be in a terrible state , she do not sleep all night -- she 's very tired ... no , I be speak from a booth -- I do not want to speak in front of she ... I give she a tablet of veronal ... she 's sleep now ... you have better come to the hotel , I be afraid ... pan to baron just enter booth . he be lighting a cigarette . ( receiver down - trick ) baron ( speak into telephone ) Baron gaigern speak . yes , Baron gaigern himself . where be you ? , ... good ... no -- first , I need money . I need it right now . I have to make a show ... that 's my business . I hope to do it tonight ... at the theatre or after the show ... but money -- for the hotel bill , for tip ... I do not need advice , I need money !... now , listen ... pan to kringelein - booth . kringelein who be that , this be ... hello , hello !... who be that ... heinrich ? this be kringelein . hello , heinrich . this be otto kringelein . hello ! can you hear I ?... I have get to speak very quickly . every minute cost two mark ninety ... what ?... otto kringelein ! yes , I be in Berlin , stay at the best hotel , the Grand Hotel ... no , do not you understand ? I want to explain , but I must do so quickly , it cost so much . please do not interrupt I -- hello ? hello ! listen ! you know that will I make before my operation ? I give it to you . I want you to tear it up . destroy it . because , listen , I come to Berlin to see a great specialist about that old trouble of mine ... it 's pretty bad , heinrich . the specialist say I can not live much longer . ( louder ) I have not long to live ! that 's what 's the matter ! hello , hello . be you on the line ? no , it be not nice to be tell a thing like that . all sort of thing run through you head . I be go to stay here in Berlin . I be never come back to fredersdorf . never ! I want to get something out of life , too . you plague , and bother , and save -- and all of a sudden you be dead . heinrich ... you do not say anything . I be in the Grand Hotel , do you understand , the most expensive hotel in Berlin ? I be go to get a room here . the very best people stay here . we big boss , preysing , too . I see he -- not five minute after I be here . sometime , I would like to tell he exactly what I think of he . listen , heinrich -- I have take all my savings ; my life insurance , too ; I cashed in all my policy , the sick benefit fund , the old age pension , the unemployment insurance , the burial fund and everything ... what 's that , miss ?... hello , heinrich . I have to hang up now . I have to pay three time overcharge . just think heinrich ! there 's music here all day long . and in the evening , they go around in full dress ... yes , sometimes I have pain , but I can stand it . everything be frightfully expensive here . you can imagine , the Grand Hotel ... what ? time 's up ... near the conclusion of kringelein 's speech , we see the Doctor approach through kringelein 's booth . he be look down at something . CUT to : together same various complete reverse - match shot - shoot they both Doctor track . booth Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor be look down at parcel . kringelein 's voice on camera back up . show doctor as he pass -- voice of respective people come up sharply . kringelein I be a sick man -- heinrich -- hello - hello -- Operator -- every minute two mark ninety . pass Baron 's booth next . baron dangerous ?... that 's my business ... I will do it tonight -- ... I will do it alone . pass suzette 's booth . suzette madam be afraid -- she will never dance again -- there be no applause last night -- pass preysing 's booth . preysing yes -- the merger -- Manchester -- it be my business as much as yours -- we have already lose eighty - five thousand -- pass senf 's booth . senf I be on duty I can not leave the Grand Hotel -- it 's like be in prison -- the baby -- cross to telephone operator : doctor ( to operator ) any call ? girl no , Doctor . CUT to : out : action . demi - this suddenly to : Band in doctor ( half to himself ) Grand Hotel -- people -- come -- go ... who care ... nothing ever happen . fade out . sequence " # 1 " facade of HOTEL show electric sign -- odd angle -- the grand HOTEL - unlight . electric control room small section -- engineer pull down lever . facade of HOTEL sign flash on . dissolve dissolve into : exterior HOTEL shoot directly on swinging door -- normal crowd tea-dansant at this hour be daily rendezvous for smart mondaine , gigolos , out - of - town traveler , etc . -- type indicate . in the distance we hear music . dissolve yellowroom - near shot of band this same music be be play by the eastman Jazz the yellow room of the hotel . the reality Baron -— the corridor proceed pretty who be CUT to : turn tie CUT to : with the camera do not wait but back down the room . it be hour of the tea-dansant . as the camera be backing out of the room which be in the restaurant convert -- the tall figure of the he proceed through the door of the restaurant -- note : question here as to whether yellow room will be restaurant convert , or not . in which case it will be necessary to add scene of Baron walk through upstairs -- give sense of distance . the Baron be whistling the tune of the orchestra , he through the lobby as if on a mission . he glance at a woman who pass and nod good evening to the Doctor , seat in he chair , not far from the desk . he enter . florist shop pretty girl be there , she have see he come . she from the door and hand he a box of orchid , already in ribbon . baron good little girl -- nice one ? girl yes , Baron . the Baron would stay and flirt but he have a mission ; he leave . lobby in the lobby we pick up the Baron leave the florist desk . down . the small box of flower -- he cross quickly to senf 's shot over senf's head as the Baron put the flower senf be busy . the Baron be whistling gaily -- tapping he finger on flower box -- he be good - nature and patient . senf ( to clerk -- as telephone bell ring ) be that for I ? clerk no -- madam grusinskaya 's car be to be bring . ( he replace the receiver ) senf ( to one of the bellboy ) madam grusinskaya 's car be to be bring . Boy leave . we hear he voice out of scene at the door . bellboy' voice madam grusinskaya 's car ... to be bring . senf good evening , Baron . baron ( amiably ) good evening . will you send this up to madam grusinskaya ? senf yes , Baron . ( he hand the box of flower to the clerk ) madam grusinskaya . clerk hand box to bellboy . clerk room one - seventy -- madam grusinskaya . the quickly apparently theatre . telephone the clerk Baron . baron ( to senf ) have you my ticket for the theatre ? senf oh yes , Baron -- ( to clerk ) Baron von gaigern 's seat for madam grusinskaya . ring again . clerk pick it up . senf ( to clerk ) for I ? clerk ( at telephone -- shake he head ) no -- madam grusinskaya 's car be not to be bring . senf ( to boy ) madam grusinskaya 's car be not to be bring . hand senf the ticket which senf hand to baron charge they ... as the Baron be pick up he ticket he look around as he hear the voice of pimenov , who have arrive from he afternoon walk from the rehearsal at the pimenov ( to senf ) good evening -- my key -- one sixty - eight . baron good evening , Mr. pimenov . pimenov oh -- good evening , Baron . little clerk . the japanese baron how 's the beautiful lady ? pimenov grusinskaya -- well , to tell the truth , Baron -- tonight we be a little bit nervous . be you at the theatre last night ? baron certainly -- always when grusinskaya dance . pimenov well -- last night be not so good . baron I think she be splendid ! pimenov yes -- but the audience . at that moment they be interrupt by a vehement japanese with he wife . they be argue with the japanese speak in japanese to he wife . clerk ( to japanese ) the parquot loge be behind the parquet chair . japanese then they have put I back and I want to be up in front . how be that , chair in front of loge ? senf be speak to a lady at the same time . senf the train leave at seven-thirty madam . that be the only through train -- the dining car go along . the Baron and pimenov exchange glance as the little speak volubly to he wife . baron ( sarcastically ) it 's always so quiet here . pimenov if you occupy the room next to madam grusinskaya , you would appreciate the quiet of a hotel lobby . baron my dear sir , I would gladly change room with you . pimenov ( effeminately ) no doubt you would , Baron . but do you know , I be quite indispensable to she . I be she ballet master and she nurse . I hardly belong to myself anymore . but , there you be , it 's grusinskaya -- you can not help ador she . at that moment , Zinnowitz push past they . zinnowitz pardon me.t ( address senf ) be Mr. preysing in -- I be Doctor Zinnowitz . senf ( to bellboy ) Mr. preysing -- from fredersdorf -- bellboy ( quickly -- paging ) Mr. preysing -- preysing step quickly into scene . preysing ach ! here you be , Doctor Zinnowitz . zinnowitz have I keep you wait ? preysing wait -- I be wait for news from Manchester . zinnowitz no news yet ? preysing back to they no . no word . zinnowitz everything depend on the Manchester merger . preysing I know -- I know . zinnowitz I see gerstenkorn at lunch -- and as you lawyer I make it my business to broach the matter --- as they begin to move out of scene , Zinnowitz call senf . zinnowitz I be expect a young woman -- a stenographer -- she will ask for Mr. preysing . ask she to wait . senf yes , Doctor Zinnowitz . as they move out of scene , telephone bell go . senf ( to clerk ) for I ? clerk no -- letter to two -eighty . senf ( to clerk ) if a young woman , a stenographer , -- etc . this just cover the scene . the Baron and pimenov be laugh at something one of have say which bring we attention to they again . at that moment the Doctor enter the scene . doctor any letter ? senf with Baron ... reception no , Doctor . doctor telegram ? senf no , Doctor . doctor anyone ask for I ? senf nobody , Doctor . the Doctor turn slowly away , take out a cigarette he one hand . baron ( glance at Doctor ) the war . pimenov ( look up from he letter -- glance off at the doctor ) that be Doctor otternschlag -- you know he ? baron yes -- he always seem to be wait for something -- and nothing ever come . pimenov the war drop he here and forget he . baron ( beam ) yes , I be in the war . CUT in : flash of doctor -- he turn as he hear the Baron say this . he pull at he cigarette and look grimly at the then he look off at kringelein -- who be try to get rohna 's attention ( the reception clerk ) -- at the desk , which adjoin that of senf 's . kringeleinx voice please -- please pay some attention to I -- I have no time . Pan back to desk : rohna ( engage with a lady and gentleman , who have just arrive ) if you will wait one moment , sir . kringelein I will not wait -- I can not wait -- I wait three day before I get a room at all and what a room that be . rohna it 's a very nice room and inexpensive , sir . kringelein do I say I want a cheap room to live in -- when I come here do I ask for a cheap room ? do I ? rohna , sense a scene with this strange dirty little gentleman , look furtively around for the manager . rohna just one moment , sir . kringelein no , I will not wait -- I can not -- every day be precious -- every hour -- every minute . second clerk be look straight at he . kringelein turn he attention directly to this man and proceed : kringelein I come here because I want to live here , two week , maybe three -- God only know -- I have tell you I will pay I will pay anything you ask . I be tired I be ill -- I can not wait . as he finish the Doctor draw into the scene watch . -- he be pimenov the and Assistant rohna and he sense enter the manager enter . assistant manager have the gentleman a complaint ? kringelein speak together . rohna the gentleman be dissatisfied with room number five fifty - nine . kringelein I certainly have a complaint -- and a fair one . a audience and warm up . the Baron and scene . the lady and gentleman have turn . bellboy stand watch curiously and even senf pause look up . kringelein ( continue ) I come here from a long distance to stay at the Grand Hotel . I want a room -- a big room -- like you would give General director preysing -- I be as good as Mr. preysing -- I can pay like Mr. preysing -- would you give he a little room , way up in the corner with the hot water pipe go -- bang -- bang -- bang ... ( he bang at the desk with he fist ) doctor this gentleman can have my room . kringelein ( turn ) oh ! doctor send he bag up to my room . kringelein oh -- but -- I -- doctor rohna extract kringelein to have you be tired . I can see that . kringelein yes -- yes -- I be tired . I have be ill ... doctor you be ill . during this scene the manager have be talk with quietly . the manager how turn . manager Mr. kringelein will take room number one - seventy - six , one of we most expensive room . it be large and on the front with bath . kringelein ( subdued -- exhaust --) do that mean that the bath be my own ? --- private ? manager certainly , sir . kringelein well , now , that 's very kind -- thanks . that 's what I want -- a large room on the front with a private bath -- yes , that 's what I want . I can pay now if you like . he take out he wallet and nervously commence to money . doctor that will not be necessary . the manager be instruct the bellboy to take the new room . kringelein accidentally drop a bill -- the Baron , who notice the money , stoops to pick it up . in bend himself , kringelein drop he hat . with he suddenly where Baron pick up the hat and considerately brushes it sleeve . kringelein thank you , sir . baron ( amused ) not at all , sir . ( he beam ) kringelein ( find a friendly face ) permit I -- my name be kringelein -- from fredersdorf . baron I be Baron von gaigern . kringelein oh , a Baron ! ( he be impressed ) Baron catch the mood of make this gentleman popular . baron and this be Doctor otternschlag . kringelein ( turn to Doctor ) oh -- Doctor -- you be a Doctor -- I be -- doctor I know -- I know -- when a man 's collar be a inch too big for he -- I know he be ill . kringelein yes -- oh -- oh -- yes , -- ( he finger go nervously to he collar ) Zinnowitz pass through scene quickly on he way out . at that moment , pimenov return from the news -stand , he have buy the evening papers . pimenov well , Baron -- I must go and dress . kringelein ( to doctor ) be this gentleman a Baron , too ? pimenov ( laugh ) unfortunately no . the manager come into scene . manager will Mr. kringelein kindly register . kringelein again ? manager please . kringelein turn to the desk . the Doctor turn up with he . at that moment the Baron 's chauffeur touch he arm . chauffeur have you a minute now ? baron no -- I tell you not to come in this lobby . chauffeur time 's get short . baron I have tell you a hundred time not to speak to I with a cigarette in you mouth . chauffeur take the cigarette out of he mouth -- but still hold it in he hand . chauffeur I want to speak -- baron not now . chauffeur yes , sir . the Baron leave . General move off , towards elevator , of Baron , pimenov , kringelein and the Doctor . senf's desk on another shot , shoot profile onto senf 's desk bring in flaemmchen . flaemmchen enter . her back to camera . flaemmchen ( we hear she ask ) Mr. preysing . senf will you wait please . clerk the stenographer be to go up -- Mr. preysing telephone . senf Mr. preysing -- one sixty - four . flaemmchen thanks -- ( call off to elevator ) heigh ! -- wait ! she cross to elevator . the camera rush up behind her , almost pushing into elevator with her . as she enter the elevator and the gate shut , she turn around , back press against the Baron -- who be look down at she . the look on she face be the look we often see on flaemmchen 's in elevator when they be press . note : good introduction , for flaemmchen . for move of there CUT to : the lift ascend . upper corridor flaemmchen step out of the lift . she be look around the number . she move out of scene . the Doctor , kringelein and the bellboy with the bag , straight down the hall . pimenov be chat volubly . pimenov ( to Baron ) poor grusinskaya -- how can she receive anyone . she can not -- theatre , train , hotel -- hotel , train theatre . we see flaemmchen be direct by the floor clerk to preysing 's room . pimenov ( continue ) I must go and dress -- she will be waking up and call for I . he proceed up the passage , pompously , hum the air he ballet . at that moment , flaemmchen , who have be direct to preysing 's door , by floor clerk , pass the Baron and be a amusing exchange of glance between they . flaemmchen knock at preysing 's door hear a voice . preysing's voice come in . she open the door . preysing's room it . he towel . CUT to : Baron continue say : preysing have have a bath and be actually steaming from stand before a long mirror , rub himself with a he see she through the mirror , wrap the towel around very cutely , for a big man , and turn upon she . preysing what ...! -- flaemmchen I be the stenographer . preysing then you will please wait outside . he be very much affront . flaemmchen , who have see many large gentleman in the altogether -- flaemmchen ( lightly ) do not hurry -- take you time . she go out of the room and shut the door . upper corridor flaemmchen emerge from preysing 's room . Baron loitering in the hall . ( whistle as outline ) . approach , he be also whistling -- the same tune that flaemmchen be whistling . she glance at he , as he whistling with a amusing dance step , as much as to " be you mad ? " baron like dance ? flaemmchen not with stranger . Baron glance back up the passage ; it be apparent that he be go to make conversation here with this girl , in order to keep legitimately in the passage until grusinskaya come out . baron ( turn to flaemmchen ) never ? flaemmchen you be a fool ! baron yes , I be rather . he glance down the passage again , he hand in he pocket . she glance impatiently at she watch . baron he must be very nice . flaemmchen who ? baron ( gallantly ) whoever be keep you wait . flaemmchen ( indicate preysing 's door ) have you see it ? baron oh , my large and noisy neighbor -- really ? that ? ( indicate preysing 's door ) flaemmchen that . baron ( with meaning ) you ? flaemmchen ( quickly ) oh -- work !! baron ( with meaning ) oh! flaemmchen dictation . ( she twittles she finger ) you know ... baron oh ... poor child . if you be free , I would ask you to come and have some tea -- but -- flaemmchen tea would spoil my dinner . ( lightly ) one meal a day , I would hate to spoil it . baron reduce ? flaemmchen ( she turn invitingly ) no -- why ? -- should I ? baron Lord no -- charming -- but why one meal a day ? flaemmchen ( laugh in he face ) money -- ever hear of it ? baron yes -- yes indeed -- but you be a... ( move finger ) ..a stenographer . do not little stenographer earn little penny ? flaemmchen very little . baron too bad . flaemmchen do you ever see a stenographer with a decent frock on ? -- one that she would buy herself ? baron poor child -- ( enthusiastically ) I wish I be free tonight -- we could -- flaemmchen ( with invitation ) be not you ? baron ( quickly ) what ? flaemmchen free -- baron ( glance up passage ) unfortunately no -- to bad -- tomorrow though . flaemmchen tomorrow ? what time tomorrow ? baron shall we say five o'clock -- downstairs ? flaemmchen where downstairs ? baron yellow room where they dance -- ( business ) flaemmchen you be very funny -- baron ( with great meaning ) yes ? -- tomorrow ? flaemmchen of course . baron really ? flaemmchen laugh at he . baron we will dance . flaemmchen ( slowly ) all right . we will dance . at that moment we hear kringelein 's voice call from he doorway at the end of the passage . kringeleinx voice Baron -- oh , Baron ! the Baron turn and look off at --- kringelein kringelein be in he door in the distance -- radiant . he wave . kringelein if I could trouble the Baron to come and see this beautiful room . I have order champagne . perhaps the baroness could join we . cur back to : flaemmchen , baron and kringelein kringelein waiter , oh waiter ! wait a minute ! ( to Baron and flaemmchen ) we be have caviar -- it 's expensive but that make no difference -- I see the baroness be laugh . flaemmchen have caviar if you like , but it taste like herring to I . at that moment grusinskaya 's door open suddenly and suzette come out into the hall . the CUT to : be yellow slipper suddenly robe , hand the suzette ssshh ! please ! madam be asleep . kringelein oh ! by this time the other be enter kringelein 's room . Baron turn back for a moment . baron ( call back quietly to suzette ) asleep ? -- ssshhh -- sorry ! suzette turn back into the room . grusinskaya's room it be typical hotel . half -open trunk , etc . curtain draw -- room be in semi-darkness . there be a sense of silence , except for distant music come from the room below . in suzette 's hand we see one of grusinskaya 's ballet which she have be mend . she be about to tiptoe to she seat when she stop and look off dramatically at ... grusinskaya shot from she angle . she be sleep beneath a chinese on the chaise-lounge . apparently she have change she position , because the which be outside the robe move . the camera , as though it be suzette , move up towards grusinskaya . her eye be close . suzette cross to chaise - lounge and be look down . grusinskaya 's eye open suddenly . she look at the ceiling and then she eye turn and look straight at suzette . suzette' voice ( quietly and reverently -- almost a whisper ) madam have sleep well . grusinskaya no , I have be awake -- think -- think . suzette' voice it be time for the performance . grusinskaya the performance ? suzette it be time . like a soldier call to attention grusinskaya sit suddenly upright -- grusinskaya always the performance -- every day the performance -- time for the performance . ( she pause and droops suddenly ) I think , suzette , I have never be so tired in my life . ( she take the bottle of veronal which be nearby ) veronal do not even help I to sleep . ( laugh a little ) suzette ( speak into telephone ) madam grusinskaya 's car be to be bring . while she be speak grusinskaya rise -- with the grace of a dancer she pick up the chinese robe that have fall to the run she eye speak . the they . silence . she . hand the floor and although there be only one other woman in room -- she hold the robe around she . she cross to the mirror and look at she face , finger through she hair . she gently massage under she and the camera see grusinskaya for the first time . there be silence in the room -- neither of the woman suzette get madam 's clothes ready . she cross , put case of pearl down on the dress table and open grusinskaya look into space -- silence -- dead suzette kneel as if to put madam 's stocking on for grusinskaya pull she foot away . grusinskaya I can not dance tonight -- suzette it will pass -- it will pass -- come . grusinskaya let we cancel the engagement . suzette but , madam . can not do that . grusinskaya now be the time to cancel to stop entirely . I feel it -- everything tell I -- enough -- enough . she lean forward against the dress - table and she unconsciously touch the pearl . grusinskaya ( very quietly ) the peal be cold -- everything be cold -- finish -- it seem so far away -- so threadbare -- the Russians -- St. Petersburg -- the Imperial Court -- away knock . the Grand Duke sergei -- ( long pause as though she be relive incident of the past ) -- sergei -- dead -- grusinskaya -- it 's all go . she throw the pearl away , down upon the floor . suzette mon dieu -- the pearl -- if they be to break -- grusinskaya the pearl will not break -- they hold together and bring I bad luck ---- I hate they ! suzette cross replace the pearl . suzette orchid come again , madam -- no card -- I think perhaps they be from the same young man -- he be at the end of the corridor -- tall -- he walk like a soldier -- madam must have notice how often he be in the elevator with we . last night for instance -- grusinskaya oh , suzette -- suzette -- sshh -- quiet . grusinskaya 's eye be look off into space -- she be in Russia -- she do not look -- telephone ring -- suzette cross to telephone . suzette ah , oui -- the car be here for madam . grusinskaya send it away -- I sha not need it . there be a knock at the door -- a certain kind of grusinskaya come in . enter . trouble . speak will dress - just very with she pick up the telephone and as she do so pimenov suzette quickly give pimenov a signal that there be as pimenov be close the door we hear grusinskaya into telephone . grusinskaya ( authoritatively ) madam grusinskaya will not require she car -- no -- she will not be go to the theatre . ( she turn ) pimenov ( at heart a clown ) make a grand comedy bow . he deliberately try to tease madam out of she mood . she glance at he , without smile , cross to the table and sit . pimenov it be time for the performance . grusinskaya ( under she breath ) the performance -- the performance -- the performance . ( during this scene the orchid fall to the floor ) it be a hysterical out - burst . it be not a woman who be temperamental , it be something deeper than that . she be near a nervous breakdown . we , the audience , must feel she a revulsion against the word performance . pimenov ( tenderly -- as he touch she shoulder gently ) poor little lisevata -- she still have she stage frights -- it will pass . pimenov kneel by grusinskaya -- he be chafing she hand , he attempt to soothe she . now grusinskaya draw she hand suddenly away . grusinskaya it be not stage fright -- it 's something more -- pimenov ( tenderly ) what -- what be it ? last night ... grusinskaya last night ?... there be no applause . pimenov ( quickly ) there be -- there be . grusinskaya that theatre -- half empty -- dance for that few -- I be frantic -- I finish -- the last beat and ... ( she recline she head as the swan finish the dance ) .. I wait -- I listen -- but the applause do not come -- nothing . a man in the box -- and just the claques behind -- it be pass , pimenov . we be dead -- it 's finish . there be a sudden knock at the door . pimenov meierheim -- the door open suddenly . meierheim burst into the room . meierheim what be this that you have cancel you car ? who be I that I should wait like a fool at the door ? and here on a whim , you cancel you car . have you forget there be a performance ? do you know the time ? or , be we all mad ? be I you manager ?... have we a contract ? have we obligation ? be I blind ? ( glance at he watch ) .. or be that the time ? grusinskaya I be cancelling the engagement . meierheim oh ! Business of pimenov signal to he . meierheim oh ! madam be cancelling the engagement . madam have choose a funny time for such a funny joke . ha , ha , ha -- hurry , come on . tonight -- there 's a line in front of the theatre since six o'clock . the house be jamme to the roof . grusinskaya the house be not full -- be it really full ? meierheim pack to the ceiling . hurry -- get dress . and what a audience -- the french ambassador -- american millionaire -- princess ratzville -- er -- er -- grusinskaya ( to suzette ) oh -- but it can not be . suzette oh , come , madam -- please come . ( she hold up she frock ) grusinskaya ( change mood ) all right , suzette -- quickly -- hurry . pimenov we will wait . meierheim you be late . hurry . and CUT to : pace almost camera the caviar , flaemmchen , meierheim go over to telephone , he pick up receiver say : meierheim tell madam grusinskaya 's chauffeur to bring the car . show few foot of grusinskaya get dress . by elevator pimenov and meierheim . meierheim be push the bell . pimenov how be the house ? meierheim terrible . after this , no more ballet for I . Jazz -- ( snap he finger ) just jazz . pimenov if the house be empty again , I do not know -- meierheim when she get she paint on and hear the music -- she will be all right . I know this people . they be walk towards kringelein 's room . they be rather like man who walk the deck on a liner . they turn together , but when they turn back past the camera the proceeds on into kringelein 's room . the camera enter room to a burst of laughter . Champagne bottle open , smoke , etc . in the room be the Doctor , kringelein , the Baron , and a very fat waiter -- comedian . shake floor the Baron she head . clerk . kringelein you may laugh . caviar and champagne may mean nothing to you , but to I -- they mean a great deal . you see , I be ill and all of a sudden I get a fear of miss life . I do not want to miss life -- do you understand ? flaemmchen you be funny . you speak of life as if it be a train you want to catch . kringelein yes -- and for I , it 's go to leave at any minute . let 's drink . offer flaemmchen a glass of champagne . she kringelein I be sure this beautiful room must appeal to you taste -- distinctive , do not you think ? Velvet upholstery -- " a - number one ' . I be in the textile trade and I know . ( he have a slight case of hiccup from the champagne . he touch the drape ) and this be real silk drape . flaemmchen ( amusedly ) silk -- think of that -- silk -- they be , too . kringelein ( who have not stop talk ) have you see the bathroom ? -- hot and cold run water -- you see , I can get a bath whenever I like . at that moment preysing 's voice be hear call to the preysing the stenographer ! flaemmchen , hearing this , turn and look off apparently through the door . her manner change , she put down she glass . flaemmchen her master 's voice ! ( turn to Baron ) I must go now -- goodbye -- thanks . kringelein oh , do not go . flaemmchen I be engage for the evening . kringelein oh , can anyone engage you for the evening ? flaemmchen to take dictation -- a Mr. preysing -- ( to Baron ) Goodbye , you -- tomorrow at five o'clock . ( she be move out ) kringelein 's optimism have leave he for a moment , he stand look out of door undecided , he be drooped suddenly , as though year have return to he . baron what 's the matter , Mr. kringelein ? kringelein ( to himself ) General director preysing ! ( possibly he turn to Baron ) Baron , when I be sixteen year old , I start as a office boy in that man 's factory -- baron then you know he ? kringelein do I know he -- I know he through and through . CUT to : script . man . in down back to : they start to leave . oh , gentleman , please do not go . baron I must -- I hope to see you again , Mr. kringelein . Baron leave . kringelein you will stay , Doctor -- if you have nothing better to do ? doctor I have nothing better to do , Mr. kringelein . they move into the room . no scene : 24 and 25 sequence omit from original near elevator pimenov and meierheim be stand there . meierheim be push the elevator button . the Baron stand near and pause , he be now a change he look off as he hear the voice of grusinskaya , off the distance . grusinskaya 's Voice hurry , suzette . grusinskaya shot from the Baron 's angle . grusinskaya be sweeping the corridor , follow by suzette . cur baron , pimenov and meierheim baron perhaps you could present I now , with a first she take jewel Mr. pimenov . pimenov please , Baron -- forgive I -- not now -- here she be . grusinskaya sweep into scene . the Baron lean forward quickly and push the bell glance at she . they look at each other . he fix he eye on she characteristically . she glance at he . this be the time they have meet in the picture . she be impatient . as if to break a awkward silence , turn to suzette . grusinskaya my coat . suzette be carry the coat over the pearl . as she the coat off she arm , grusinskaya glance down at the case . grusinskaya suzette -- I tell you not to bring the pearl . I will not wear they tonight . meierheim why not ? grusinskaya take they back , suzette . meierheim you have not time . suzette hesitates . grusinskaya hurry , suzette . meierheim such nonsense . the up . in noise , other with the seem to the she back to : suzette toddle off with the pearl . the elevator open , collect its passenger , all except Baron and descend . flash in a shot of grusinskaya 's eye as she go down , glance flash in a shot of the reverse of he look down . the Baron pause , hesitates , think . we be interested he action . for the first time he become furtive . HOTEL lobby - from elevator Music swell up from the yellow room . a great deal of confusion and activity as the elevator stop to emit grusinskaya , follow by pimenov , meierheim and some people who be rather excited to be in the elevator great grusinskaya . meierheim ( off scene ) the car for madam grusinskaya . the bellboy hear it and pass the word around . it be echoed through the lobby . people turn , as grusinskaya 's spirit seem to rise with attention she be get . the camera precede she through the revolve door , as sweep outside of the hotel . the Baron 's chauffeur , schweinke , be see to watch she he look furtively around and enter the hotel . cur room . she downstairs . out : upper corridor - closeup of baron as he watch suzette return from grusinskaya 's be about to push lift button - then decide to run important closeup of baron fade end of sequence " # 1 " preysing's room Zinnowitz and preysing be stand by door . preysing no news from Manchester yet -- do you think we ought to postpone the conference ? zinnowitz good heaven no . that would create the very worst impression . you must be optimistic . you must convince they . you know as well as I do that the merger must go through . preysing yes -- the merger must go through -- but I be use to make my deal on a solid basis . I be not a liar . I be a honest business man -- a good husband and father -- I have a sense of honor -- I have nothing to conceal . I could not live happily otherwise . zinnowitz well , do not get excited about it . we agree that the merger with the saxonia people must go through . preysing I want to dictate my statement for tomorrow . I can not speak without note . I like to have thing down before I in black and white . zinnowitz the that behind be a preysing 's stride I will see you in the morning then , at the conference . everything will be all right , preysing ... do not worry . goodnight . preysing good night . Zinnowitz leave . sequence " # 2 " fade in on blackness of preysing's room we hear the distant voice of preysing and the key of typewriter rattling . the reason for the blackness be preysing 's back be flat into the camera . his hand be he back and he fat finger be move restlessly . it odd effect . we do not know quite what it be . preysing's voice both party have fully agree that this merger can result only in mutual advantage . preysing move forward show that we be in room . the change of light show we plainly the time lapse . flaemmchen be seat at a small table type . prey forward as he stride he say : preysing moreover -- flaemmchen ( repeat ) moreover -- preysing pace the room . preysing ( repeat ) moreover -- ( he pause , think . rub she wrist - as look herself at pick up telephone quickly -- into telephone ) be there a telegram for I yet ?... oh -- when it do , send it up . during this , flaemmchen , who be tired sit back and finger that have be over - work . she glance at she watch . preysing come and stand behind flaemmchen . preysing now , where be I ? ( he look over the sheet in she typewriter -- accidentally he arm touch she neck ) oh -- sorry . ( he put he cigar in he mouth and walk away . as he walk away ) where be I ? as he turn , he catch a down shot on she from behind she stretch back show she bust . see he face down on she she pull herself together and seat attention . flaemmchen moreover ... preysing moreover ... it seem a silly kind of lull . preysing do you work in justice Zinnowitz ' office ? flaemmchen no -- only occasional job . ( she yawn suddenly ) over to preysing tire ? flaemmchen you pay I . preysing you be a very unusual stenographer -- flaemmchen moreover ... preysing moreover ... ( as he pace the room , it be obvious that he be try to collect he thought ) she look at he , wait a moment and then begin characteristically to , change the sheet of paper . flaemmchen I do not see why it 's unusual for a stenographer to be pretty -- if she do she work well , -- seem so silly . I do not know why they do not like girl like I in office . personally I hate office -- I would much rather be in the movie . preysing movie ? flaemmchen yes , I photograph very well . look -- she toss magazine -- as if it be nothing at all he look down at it without touch it . preysing what be this ? flaemmchen I get ten mark for that . he pick it up . preysing you ... flaemmchen ( without look up ) me. as he look at picture -- he lower he voice two note . preysing you ... flaemmchen ( read ) moreover ... preysing ( quickly ) what ? flaemmchen ( read ) only in mutual advantage -- moreover . preysing what brown hand you have . flaemmchen that 's from ski . preysing skiing ? ( he hold she hand ) flaemmchen ( natural -- unabash ) yes ... a man I know take I to Switzerland last month ... he drop she hand suddenly . preysing a man ? -- to Switzerland ? -- that must have be nice -- for he . flaemmchen ( read ) only in mutual advantage -- moreover ... preysing pace the room try to get he thought back to the work in hand . preysing moreover ... he be a lucky man -- that man . flaemmchen perhaps . ( she wait at attention ) he pace back and forth again . preysing do not misunderstand I . I be a marry man -- with grownup daughter . uh -- flaemmchen moreover -- do you mind if I smoke ? ( she take cigarette ) I go to Florence once , too . preysing with the same friend ? by this time she be smoking she cigarette . flaemmchen ( without look at he ) preysing ( quickly ) moreover , the possibility of the successful termination of negotiation now pend with the Manchester cotton company ... flaemmchen not too quickly . preysing what ? flaemmchen you be a little too fast . preysing can not you understand I ? flaemmchen I understand you perfectly . preysing have you get it now ? flaemmchen ( type ) cotton company -- preysing should throw a great weight into the balance ... flaemmchen ( as he turn he back look at he significantly ) .. weight into the balance ... there be a sudden knock at the door . preysing come in . Boy enter with telegram . boy telegram for Mr. preysing . with almost hysterical speed , preysing snatch the telegram -- open it . flaemmchen powder she nose . important closeup of preysing it be bad news . he wipe the perspiration from he forehead . preysing oh -- oh. ( he throw the telegram away from he , onto she desk . pace the room . ) flaemmchen , believe the telegram to be something that she must copy , pick it up quite naturally and read it . flaemmchen deal with Manchester cotton company definitely off . preysing turn and snatch the telegram from she . flaemmchen sorry . preysing pace the room with the telegram . flaemmchen rise , stretch . quite naturally she glance at the picture on preysing 's dress - table . flaemmchen how nice -- you daughter ? preysing my daughter -- yes , my daughter . ( he be talk more to himself ) flaemmchen be that Mrs. preysing . preysing ( to himself ) definitely off . flaemmchen oh -- too bad . do you quarrel ? ( she be look at picture of Mrs. preysing ) preysing ( turn , speak quickly -- definitely ) that will be all -- be here tomorrow at nine o'clock . ( he turn , go out onto balcony with telegram ) flaemmchen , delighted and with alacrity , cross , pile up she papers and be prepare to leave . CUT to : flash of corridor trim flaemmchen out of preysing 's room . take she down to Baron 's elevator . at the same time , camera pan over and show the chauffeur knock at the Baron 's door . baron' voice ( call ) come in ! trim the chauffeur into the Baron 's room . baron' room Baron be busy change he clothes . chauffeur step in , close the door behind he and stand there with a inquisitive look . chauffeur you be late -- the dancer 's go to the theatre . baron ( very nonchalantly ) well ? chauffeur she 's go to the theatre -- do not you know ? baron ( very nonchalantly ) yes . chauffeur ( ready to explode ) and what be you go to do ? baron the pearl be in she room . chauffeur ( threateningly ) now listen to I . the other be get suspicious of you . I be on the telephone to Amsterdam today , they think you be scared . baron I have be careful , I have be wait my chance . chauffeur you have be wait you chance . you be too much of a gentleman -- that 's the trouble with you . baron I tell you I will get the pearl tonight . chauffeur need any help ? baron chauffeur have you get that skeleton key ? he take the skeleton key out of he pocket and produce it to the Baron . baron no -- chauffeur why ? baron the floor clerk be out there in the corridor -- she see everything --- chauffeur ( contemptuously ) I could take care of she . baron how ? chauffeur chloroform on a handkerchief from behind -- while you ... baron no -- no -- no -- no ... chauffeur why ? baron poor girl -- chloroform would give twist business ad clear . he be room . room . she a rotten headache ... I know -- I have it in the war . besides , she 's very pretty -- not young but -- chauffeur you be no good for this business . it 's just a joke to you ... baron ( swing suddenly on he ) I do not like you tone . chauffeur ( come up to he -- face to face ) no -- Baron be suddenly seize with uncontrollable temper -- he wrist -- back he to door , speak quietly . baron get out and leave it to I ... be ready to leave on the night train for Amsterdam ... chauffeur with the pearl ? baron with the pearl -- the chauffeur leave . the moment he be go -- Baron look the door -- lib . cross to window . facade of HOTEL the Baron peep out onto balcony -- it seem to be proceed along and peep into preysing 's room . preysing apparently in the bathroom . Baron skip nimbly past the work at thrill of pass through to grusinskaya 's CUT to : preysing loud CUT to : pearl see : CUT to : preysing 's it be remember grusinskaya's balcony Baron be pretty shake by jump . grusinskaya's room darkness -- light from transom and building opposite . Business of find key and get pearl . intercut come out onto he balcony , bring out with he , speaker of radio -- which announce noisily as follow : loud speaker " you be listen to the music of the eastman Jazz Band , in the famous yellow room of the Grand Hotel . ' grusinskaya's room Baron start suddenly -- when he hear voice and with in he hand , look cautiously out of window -- only to shot from he angle onto preysing's balcony : preysing seating himself upon he balcony -- Radio loud speaker see . possibly preysing commence dinner scene bully waiter . grusinskaya's balcony the Baron know he be trap , if he jump onto balcony , preysing be the man that will cause the alarm . quickly he move across the room -- try the door -- lock securely . he look for skeleton key and then absurd off that the grusinskaya 's finger ring want chambermaid 's drag , door . around . hear answer refuse it from the chauffeur . he be trap in a way . as he move back from the door , he knock the telephone of the table . he watch it for a moment , realize operator must now know that there be someone in room . he pick up the telephone , replace the receiver , wipe print off with he handkerchief . he be move back to window when telephone start to suddenly . the think cross he mind they they will to know who be in the room . he let the telephone ring . cross to the door again . above the din of the telephone we hear the voice sing a absurd song . he listen . she be come in . the key turn in the door . quickly he hide behind the curtain . slowly and amusingly the chambermaid , tired and enter the room . he be look for a opportunity to dash through the after all , this may should be a easy person to get we have a feel he wish to dash through the door . the chambermaid might be sing the same tune that we from preysing 's radio . the telephone commence ringing . Chambermaid do not it but continue she duty . pick it appear around look look if it passage . at last , because of the noise of the telephone , she up and speak . chambermaid no -- no -- there be no one here . ( she replace the receiver ) at that moment , the inspectress , a large stout woman , at the open door . inspectress ( to Chambermaid ) you be late ... what have you be do ? chambermaid ( grumble ) everyone -- all the time say , ' come back - come back . ' they will not get out of they room . the inspectress , in a very businesslike way , proceed the room , come nearer and nearer the Baron . she be at ashtray and run she finger over the woodwork for dust . she try the door to the next room , to see be lock . telephone bell ring again . inspectress pick it up quickly . inspectress no , Madame grusinskaya be not here ... the western theater ?... no ... suddenly , out of scene , we hear the voice of suzette . suzette be call out to the night clerk in the suzette' voice have you see Madame ? clerk voice ( replying ) chambermaid the be one into be not she at the theatre ? suzette come in and hurry to telephone . suzette hello , hello , Mr. pimenov ? yes ... Mr. pimenov , have they find she ?... no , she be not here ... yes , I be at the hotel . intercut with the Baron watch . grusinskaya's balcony during this action the inspectress have wave the out of the room . Business ad lib . meierheim enter , he have hear the word ' pimenov ' on telephone -- he take the receiver from suzette . meierheim ( into telephone ) pimenov ?... what 's happen ?... no , I have not find she . be desprez dance ?... how be it ?... oh , all right . keep the show go . ( bang down receiver ) wait till I see she , she will pay for this -- this little trick be go to cost grusinskaya a suit for breach of contract . suzette Madame be ill -- she nerve ... meierheim her nerve ... what about my nerve ?... who be she anyway ? where do she think she be -- Russia ? that day have pass . he turn and see grusinskaya stand at the door . she in costume , very pale , very beautiful . her coat , over shoulder , be rag , she let it drop and move slowly the center of the room . her hair , dress for the dance , make - up be on she face -- she be breathless . suzette Madame -- meierheim well ? grusinskaya I want to be alone . the other woman in the room draw out , leave suzette to pick up the robe that have fall to the floor . meierheim where have you be ? suzette should I -- do madame wish ... grusinskaya suzette , please go , I want to be alone . suzette obediently cross to door and pause on threshold , wait for meierheim . meierheim approach grusinskaya . meierheim I suppose I can cancel the Vienna engagement . grusinskaya I wish to be alone . meierheim you will be very much alone , my dear madame . this be the end . ( he stamp out ) suzette , with a frighten look through the door close it on meierheim 's exit . during this scene , intercut shot of baron . to and cross hear the waltz . undress . out CUT to : she it be some time before grusinskaya move . she cross door -- turn the key -- take the key out of the lock throw it away from she -- out upon the floor . she slowly to the mirror , regards herself , silently . we strain from preysing 's radio play a light viennese grusinskaya begin suddenly to sob . flash of baron watch she . grusinskaya quite suddenly -- as if with resolution she begin to then she become weary again . with a garment in she hand , she move slowly toward the curtain -- where the Baron be stand . baron we see he tense himself . grusinskaya she drop the garment listlessly to the floor -- move of scene . closeup of baron he peep around the curtain . grusinskaya she be in a thin robe . she sit before mirror -- look steadily at she face . her head go down suddenly in hand and we hear she say : grusinskaya the end -- over -- finish -- bathroom . across and cross , be telephone -- to she frantically . into suddenly she move quickly across the room . go to Baron half start out toward door . he watch -- dart the room as if towards the door . he hear she come dart quickly into the half open door of the closet . she re-enter -- carry a glass of water . she place the glass down beside the bed -- she movement quick and furtive -- then she cross , pick up the ask for the theatre . grusinskaya the western theatre -- she leave receiver down -- cross quickly to mirror - stand there and brushes back she hair -- cross back telephone speak : grusinskaya western theatre ? she glance up at the clock . grusinskaya the stage -- Mr. pimonov -- the ballet master ... grusinskaya -- hurry -- hurry . again she put the receiver down -- pick up a pencil commence hastily to scribble a note . she write her other hand go up and pick up the receiver . grusinskaya yes -- yes , I be wait . she finish the note -- commence suddenly to speak the telephone -- grusinskaya hello , pimenov ? -- I be at the hotel . in behind lift voice describe . it table . the the I could not go on -- I could not ... no , no do not -- ( long pause ) ..d just alone ... good night , good night , my dear -- goodbye ... pimenov , how be it go , badly ?... uh ?... who 's dance ?... desprez ?... oh -- and how be it ?... oh , -- oh , I see -- they do not miss I ?... they do not miss I . ( she let she hand drop with the receiver and go on talk into the air ) they do not miss I -- good night pimenov ... she be about to replace the receiver . she sit with it she hand , unreplace . the music have stop . the room be strangely silent . she the Baron peer from the closet . her head sink down upon she hand . a funny , sing noise come from the telephone . she the receiver to she ear . in a very strange voice , the of opehlia , she speak : grusinskaya ( with great humility ) oh -- I be sorry , yes ... I have finish . ( she replace the receiver ) the forego scene be much better play than be in fact , ballet . quite calmly , grusinskaya finish the note on the she fold it up and place it in a prominent place on table , or hang it over the telephone . she cross to the window pull back the curtain -- quickly . cross drawer . little . fold it . she deer she be she veronal away balance go to Baron have be hide behind a few minute before . we see the Baron watch . he glance at the door " no , there be not time . " she be return calmly . she to the dress table and take the veronal out of a she look at it thoughtfully , she lip be tremble a she move to the radiator as if to seek warmth . she sink into a chair and she head droops over she hand which contain the veronal , she seem to pray . the Baron come from the closet -- now be he chance , look at the door but can not make it . look on the floor the key which grusinskaya have previously throw there , eye fall upon the note on the telephone -- he read it be a death farewell note to suzette -- do not insert at this moment she have finish , the Baron return to hide place . she make the sign of a cross and go to bed . she look around nervously , apprehensively -- like a who have hear something , then reassure . she place the veronal on the night table beside the glass of water . quiet and deliberate . she arrange the pillow under head and lie down . she reach for the bottle of and empty it generously in she hand . she have to lean upon one elbow , from the Baron 's position , in order to herself . the Baron step like a cat from he hide place . he the bedside noiselessly and stand there . the the veronal toa the draw she expanse she would be which she Baron she reach for the glass -her hand stretch out for glass . the Baron take she wrist suddenly . she turn quickly look at he . the glass fall to floor with a crash and break . as she move , the fall out of she hand upon the bed . she struggle up sit position . baron please , do not be alarmed , madam . she glance up at he . she be bewilder . she seem to come out of a trance . again she want to jump from bed . baron careful -- there 's break glass on the floor . now she become conscious of almost nakedness . she kimono tightly around she , glance across the wide of bed . we see she consider pass over that way , but be now a woman again -- a woman of the earth -- it a silly movement . baron there . ( take a pillow from the bed throw it upon the floor over the glass , step back ) she get up quickly and cross , put on she robe be lie across the back of a chair . her first movement be not one of alarm but of -- shame . draw she robe more closely around she and look at the glance this sense sense he thousand she he intoxicating scene . ) she more puzzle . she think , dreamily , " what be this ? " she back at the veronal and the bed show we plainly that man must have watch she preparation for bed . we get a of relief with she . she be tremble . the Baron have control he nerve perfectly . he danger . he be catch red-hand with five hundred mark worth of pearl in he pocket . he be wonder if will ring the bell . for a instant he think of escape . could dash for the balcony . he could strike she dead or silence she with threat . there be in the room a sense of romance and danger . ( it should be in the baron please do not be frighten , madam . grusinskaya ( after a silence ) what do you want here ? baron nothing -- only to be here . grusinskaya why do you hide in my room ? baron but surely you must know -- because I love you . grusinskaya because you love I -- you love I ? she look at he for a few moment and then suddenly throw herself upon the bed and begin to weep more and passionately . baron ( go over to she ) poor little grusinskaya ! do it do you good to cry ? be you afraid ? the she Imperial she hold watch inhale shall I go ? grusinskaya I be so alone -- always alone -- and suddenly you be there and say that . ( sit up ) no. I be not afraid . it be strange . baron do not cry -- it tear my heart to see you sob like that . grusinskaya ( regain control ) nerves -- just nerve . you must forgive I . I have have a bad evening . I be very tired . do you know what it be to be tired -- tired of a routine existence ? baron I be afraid not -- I usually do just what I feel like do at the moment . a look in he eye remind she of the strangeness of situation . she rise with return dignity and pull robe around she -- she be become the grusinskaya of Russia ; she be the woman Grand duke have fight for . sweep across the room . grusinskaya so you feel like come into a lady 's room -- and you come ... what now ? baron ( follow she ) I would like to smoke a cigarette . grusinskaya certainly . she get she cigarette box from the write table and it out to he . he take a cigarette and light it . she he curiously . she smile , as she watch he greedily glass . look to smile . the smoke . she cross and sit before she look she brushes she hair back and powder she face . she into the mirror , we feel that she have regain a desire live . he cross and look at she in the mirror . he grusinskaya why do you look at I like that ? baron I do not know you be so beautiful ... and -- grusinskaya ( bitterly ) and then --? baron no irony . you be so appeal -- so soft -- so tired . I feel like take you in my arm and not let anything more happen to you -- ever . grusinskaya ( involuntarily close she eye ) and -- and -- baron how tired you be ! grusinskaya yes -- tired ... baron so alone . grusinskaya alone . all alone . ( whisper in Russian ) oh , you strange -- strange creature . baron you must not talk Russian to I . grusinskaya strange man ... baron be I quite strange to you ? grusinskaya not quite strange now . it be as if I have be expect you . you know , once when the Grand Duke be alive , I find a man hide in my room -- a young officer -- baron and ...? grusinskaya he disappear . later he be find dead . baron I never know it be so dangerous to hide in a woman 's room when she 's alone . ( he embrace she ) grusinskaya go away . who be you --? baron a man who could love -- that be all , who have forget everything else for you . grusinskaya you could love I . it be so long since I have hear that word . nobody have love I for a long time . it be so icy - cold to be famous . one be so cruelly alone . how be it that you -- let I look at you . you hand . you eye . why could you love I ? baron I see you just now -- then I see you cry -- and now I see you in the mirror -- grusinskaya ... grusinskaya grusinskaya ... oh -- oh if you know how I slave and slave for grusinskaya -- for the success of grusinskaya -- for the triumph of grusinskaya ... and what be she now ? just someone who have find that on the day success cease life cease -- be you listen to I -- do you understand ? -- I want you to understand . baron yes -- I do understand . grusinskaya I think you must go now -- the key be on the floor . baron I be not go -- you know I be not go -- let I stay here ? grusinskaya I want to be alone . baron that be not so -- you do not want to be alone . ( he look back at the bed as if remember the suicide . ) grusinskaya I want to be alone -- baron no -- you do not want to be alone at all -- you be in despair before -- if I leave you , you would feel worse than you do before , you must not be alone -- you must not cry -- you must forget ... tell I that I can stay with you -- tell I . grusinskaya ( whisper ) just for a minute then . outside the distant noise of kringelein be hear -- baron what ? say it again -- I do not hear . she whisper . grusinskaya you -- man ... she melting be ) one on . down . generate the way she say it , the word go home . it hurt he . have look into he eye for a moment with a strangely and almost happy expression . she get up suddenly . ( note : the other side of the bed -- not where the glass she reach with she foot for she slipper . she put she can not find the other . Business as he get other slipper for she . he kiss she ankle and look up at she . she smile grusinskaya thank you -- you be gallant . ( she turn , she mood have change ) what a sentimental scene . grusinskaya weep be a sight worth see . it be many year since she do such a thing ... you frighten I -- badly . you be responsible for this -- painful scene . he watch she . the sound of she own voice reassure she . she be warmth . her cry have do she good , she speak quickly , volubly . grusinskaya the stage fray one 's nerve ... the discipline -- it 's so exact . discipline mean do what you do not want to do and take no pleasure in do . do you know what I mean ? have you ever experience the weariness that come from discipline ? baron I ? -- oh , no . I do only what I take pleasure in do . grusinskaya turn , she be graceful again . grusinskaya strike write hold watch inhale glass . look to smile . I see -- you do only what you take pleasure in do . you take pleasure in come into a woman 's bedroom and you come . you take pleasure ina dangerous climb onto a balcony , so you do it ... and what be you pleasure now ? baron ( naive as he say frankly ) I should like to smoke . she rise . she have expect something else . his reply she as chivalrous and considerate . she cross to the table bring back she little cigarette box which she out to he . he take a cigarette and light it . she he curiously . she smile , as she watch he greedily the smoke . she cross and sit before she look she brushes she hair back and powder she face . she into the mirror , we feel that she have regain a desire live . he cross and look at she in the mirror , he grusinskaya why do you smile ? baron because I can see something in the mirror that you cannot . my dear -- ( he pause suddenly ) grusinskaya what can you see ? baron you be beautiful ! grusinskaya baron beautiful but so sad . I do not know it be so dangerous to look into a kiss he disengage command . woman 's bedroom . suddenly he stoops , take she shoulder in he hand and it . a long tender and sincere embrace . her eye close . a tremor pass through she . suddenly whole be be aware of she . she turn , rise and herself . grusinskaya I think you have better go now . the key be on the floor . he glance back . he speak suddenly with a air of baron I be not go ... you know that I be not go ... do you think I could leave you alone here ? after that grusinskaya what ? baron the veronal -- you . I be go to stay here with you . grusinskaya I want to be alone . baron that be not the truth . ( he catch she wrist ) you do not want to be alone -- you be afraid of be alone -- I know you be afraid . I know you . you be desperate , just now , if I go away you will be more desperate than ever . say I be to stay with you ... say it . ( he almost shake she ) her head fall slowly on he breast . grusinskaya ( whisper ) for just a minute then . ( she pull away , cross the room , grusinskaya 's for upon because quickly to the door , with almost a cry . she look around for the key to the door ) no -- oh , no ! he cross quickly to she and hold she in he arm . baron just for a minute , grusinskaya -- outside the distant noise of kringelein and the doctor . front on shot of kringelein approach the camera with the Doctor . they be return from the bar and be pass room . the camera precede they . the Doctor be characteristically drunk . he be silent , tense , cynical . distinct contrast to kringelein , whose soul be warm the first time by alcohol . kringelein 's hat , the same , eccentric one , be twisted he head jauntily . the carnation be in he buttonhole . the camera back into kringelein 's room and pause , the Doctor have pause at the door . kringelein oh , but Doctor . be not this wonderful . to live -- to live -- in the Grand Hotel . doctor ( with a deprecate gesture ) the Grand Hotel . kringelein oh , but Doctor . the music -- the champagne -- girl when they dance -- all the shine ice in that big silver thing -- that 's life -- doctor life ! -- Mr. kringelein , you be the the arm glass table by with medicine pain . time -- drop sudden medicine drunk -- good night . ( he leave ) kringelein ( to doctor ) but Doctor -- but the Doctor have go . kringelein re-enter he beautiful room . he cross to mirror , regards himself . Business ad lib . he look at himself in the mirror and raise he hat . imitating the doctor , he repeat : kringelein Mr. kringelein -- you be drunk -- good night . he put he hat on the knob of the bed . he take off he coat , hold it up and carefully take carnation out of he buttonhole . with the coat over he and the carnation in he hand he look around for a and some water which he see stand on the night he bed . he put the carnation in the glass , have fill it water and then he eye fall upon he small group of bottle . his demeanor change . he immediately become a thing of he glance at he watch -- it be long past he medicine he spirit droops -- he might almost be in pain . he pick up a small bottle and carefully count eight into the glass . he be about to take it , he smell it , a impulse of well - be surge over he . he fling the away . song chambermaid saunter out : hear out : out : up out : in out : with a great wave of optimism he commence to sing the that we have hear during the evening -- the song - the preysing radio song -- the love song . he around the room , undress . dissolve dissolve into passage his voice be still hear in the passage . row of shoe outside the door . the doze night clerk the voice and look up , startle . dissolve dissolve into a watchman with he clock , hear the voice . dissolve dissolve into a corner of doctor' room he be doze in a chair with he clothes on . he look suddenly , hearing the voice . dissolve dissolve into preysing's room he be snore . the distant voice disturb he . he turn he sleep . dissolve dissolve into grusinskaya's room a beautiful picture -- the distant voice -- shadow . out : to great sigh . out : eight write ) the baron' voice I have never be as happy . grus voice what do you say ? baron' voice I have never be as happy ! grusinskaya's voice say it again -- say it ! baron' voice I have never be so happy ! dissolve dissolve into kringeleinx room he be now dress in a absurd night dress . he cross the bed , still sing , climb into the huge bed -- the pillow . his hand go out -- he pull out the light . might be a Emperor as he turn with a happy , tired distant clock chime . fade end of sequence " # 2 " sequence " # 3 " fade in : telephone room it be the first time we have see it . there be about girl very busy . Morning confusion . ( part to be we pick up essential line as we pan down shoot at girl face , assume the camera to be the board . girl one Grand Hotel -- good morning -- no , Baron von gaigern 's room do not answer ... yes , ... all right ... Baron von gaigern 's chauffeur call . camera pan to : girl three good morning , nine-thirty Doctor otternschlag ... no , Doctor , no message ... no , Doctor . camera pan to : girl five Grand Hotel -- good morning ... who be call madam grusinskaya ?... oh , Mr. pimenov . madam grusinskaya be not to be disturb , sir ... no , sir ... yes , sir -- the word pass down repeat . voice Mr. preysing 's call to one sixty two for today . camera pan to : girl EIGHT -- good morning ... Mr. preysing -- ( she plug through ) CUT to : conference room telephone bell ringing . General shot . gerstenkorn , a old business man and Doctor waitz , counsel for the saxonia organization be sit at a gree table , smoking and wait . gerstenkorn ( glance at watch ) nine-thirty , Mr. preysing keep we wait . schweimann ( who have return ) he like to play the great man . waitz ( glance at market report from table ) the preysing stock be hold its own today on the market . schweimann ask preysing what it 's cost he to keep it up . gerstenkorn and ask I what it 's cost we to hammer it down . waitz exactly . gerstenkorn if the preysing people get the Manchester contract , we shall certainly merge with the preysing company -- but if they have not they be ruin -- preysing will have to declare himself . waitz shhh -- here he be now . the door open and flaemmchen enter . she be agreeably surprised to see the room full of man . she like man . flaemmchen ( beam ) good morning , gentleman -- Mr. preysing will be here in a minute . Business of schweimann and flaemmchen . gerstenkorn , make note , glance at he watch again . door open suddenly . preysing ( enter ) good morning , gentleman . men good morning . preysing sorry I be late , I have be wait for justice Zinnowitz , my legal advisor . waitz oh -- ho -- you want legal aid against we ? -- the whole thing seem to I to be very simple . gerstenkorn very simple -- I have always like the way you dress , preysing -- English , be not it ? preysing ( disturb ) what ? gerstenkorn ( quickly ) they turn out marvelous material in Manchester . preysing Manchester -- yes . yes , yes , they do . yes -- now gentleman shall we begin at the beginning ? -- have we cigar -- water and everything ? flaemmchen , who have be busy prepare she little table for work be see in several closeup : schweimann ( with a wink to gerstenkorn ) Manchester be a very interesting city , do not you think so , preysing ? preysing ( stalling ) Manchester -- yes -- yes . a man in the textile industry naturally have to know Manchester . gerstenkorn there 's a lot of business to be do with the Manchester cotton company . they have the whole English market right in they hand . have you any connection with -- Manchester ? preysing ( quickly ) we have a good many connection in England , naturally . gerstenkorn I mean with the Manchester people ? preysing ( look at gerstenkorn impudently ) we be here to discuss we merger . naturally I can make no statement at this time . we must begin at the beginning . gerstenkorn ( winking at schweimann ) all right . preysing ( far-away commence to read he report ) since , on the eleventh of June , this year -- when the first negotiation for a merger between we respective firm be enter into -- both party have fully agree that this merger can result only in mutual advantage . intercut this speech , which if play by beery will be interesting , with signal , wink and sign between the other three man . gerstenkorn oh -- yes -- I beg you pardon ! preysing I be lay before you the last general statement of we concern . active capital , plant and machinery , raw material and finish product -- for instance -- mop rag -- gerstenkorn mop rag --! on rush be camera Business between preysing and flaemmchen find papers " mop rag ! report . gerstenkorn what we want to know about be Manchester . waitz yes , Mr. preysing -- that 's what we want to know . preysing I would like to wait for justice Zinnowitz , before I commit myself . gerstenkorn oh -- preysing , preysing -- preysing no water -- what a place ! gerstenkorn all you have to do be phone for it . flaemmchen , who be on she toe and busy every minute , to the telephone and give a order -- she conversation hear over the conversation of the man in the room -- hold on flaemmchen : flaemmchen Water -- seltzer , three or four bottle and cigar -- good one . waitz I can see this session be go to be exhaustive . preysing now to proceed with the project merger , the advantage for the saxonia be so obvious ... gerstenkorn oh -- now let 's talk like adult . you want to tell we now a along story of what you factory can do . we know all that you could tell we and if you tell the truth it would not sound Zinnowitz so good . when you first approach we ... preysing we do not approach you . waitz ( quickly look through the papers ) letter on file September fourteenth would show that you approach ... preysing ( snatching the document from he hand -- lose he temper ) it be not so -- this be a response to a tentative feeler of you own . gerstenkorn ( snatching the document violently away ) tentative my foot -- a month before this you old father - in- law come very privately and scratch at my door . preysing scratch -- ( he nearly choke ) we do not take the initiative . gerstenkorn of course you take the initiative . enter the room . zinnowitz good morning , gentleman -- I see the conference be already underway . preysing oh , here you be , justice Zinnowitz -- I be at cross -purpose with this gentleman -- will you clear up the situation ? zinnowitz but the situation be perfectly clear if you will allow I -- ( he clear he throat ) gerstenkorn how clear be Manchester ? zinnowitz foggy -- frightfully foggy , always , I be tell . ( to preysing ) have you say anything about Manchester , Mr. preysing ? preysing I can make no statement about Manchester at this time . zinnowitz well -- gentleman . there be dead silence for a moment -- he clear he throat , commence in almost the same tone as preysing . zinnowitz since , on the eleventh of June of this year -- when the first negotiation for a merger ... gerstenkorn ( over Zinnowitz 's voice -- with a sigh -- sit back ) thank God we be beginning at the beginning . zinnowitz ( stop suddenly -- take glass from he nose -- he be speak , not read ) as you remember it -- when you approach we ... gerstenkorn ( bang the paper down ) we do not approach you . preysing I know you do -- I say you do -- gerstenkorn and I say we do not . waitz attention perfume continue CUT to : be draw and I know we do not . during all this commotion flaemmchen be pay no whatsoever . she be calmly spraying herself with a atomizer and smile at a gentleman . the noise over she . no scene 61 sequence omit from original script . grusinskaya's room the atmosphere have change , the sun shine . grusinskaya recline on the chaise- lounge -- she chinese robe about she . she speak voluably . grusinskaya oh -- I be ambitious then -- ambition be in my blood -- no rest , no stop . we be drill like little soldier -- we dance in the school of the Imperial ballet , in St. Petersburg . I be little and slim but hard as diamond -- a duty machine -- no rest , no stop . and then -- I become famous and whoever be famous be alone ... but why should I be tell you this ? last night I do not know you at all -- who be you , really ? -- I do not even know you name . baron I be Felix benvenuto von gaigern . my mother call I flix . grusinskaya flix . -- and how do you live ? what kind of a person be you ? baron I be a prodigal son , the black sheep of a white flock -- I shall die on the gallow . grusinskaya really ? baron really , I have not a bit of character . none at all . grusinskaya no? baron when I be a little boy I be teach to ride and be a gentleman -- at school , it be a monastery , I learn to pray and lie -- and --- grusinskaya and ? baron and then , in the war , to kill and hide . that 's all . grusinskaya and what do you do -- now ? baron I be a gambler -- I be run at large like a happy pig , devour anything of life that please I , I really belong in jail grusinskaya oh ! what a picture -- and what else ? baron ( seriously ) I be also a criminal and a hotel thief . ( he turn away ) grusinskaya that 's a silly joke . baron ( turn -- take both she hand ) please look at I . you must believe I -- you must believe that I love you -- that I have never know what love be -- until last night . ( he release she hand and turn away again . ) grusinskaya what be the matter ? he do not answer . grusinskaya flix ! the Baron take the pearl out of he pocket and lay they before she . baron there . grusinskaya ( with a little cry of pain ) oh -- ( in the silence grusinskaya put she head in she hand and think ) the Baron make a gesture as if to stroke she hair and then hold back . grusinskaya ( softly ) do you come here just -- just for that ? oh -- it 's horrible . pause . she be suddenly cold . grusinskaya you may keep the pearl -- I do not want they any more -- I will make you a present of they . baron ( passionately ) I do not want they now . grusinskaya ( break ) I will not denounce you . baron I know . grusinskaya so -- baron yesterday I be a thief -- but now , -- grusinskaya but now , you must go ... I give you the pearl . but now you must go --- baron I want money desperately -- can you understand ? -- that 's why I want the pearl . I be threaten -- I be desperately in need of a certain big sum of money . I have be follow you -- I have admire you . but I have force myself not to think about you -- last night , at last , I manage to come into you room and -- and now . grusinskaya ( softly ) and now ? baron I could not go through with it . ( he head go down into she lap -- he sigh : ) remarkable . his hand touch she hair -- tenderly . baron do you understand ? grusinskaya yes -- yes -- yes . there be a sudden knock at the door . grusinskaya quickly -- here . with a quick gesture grusinskaya beckon the Baron to the bathroom . he disappear into the bathroom . she open the door , after find the key and radiantly address suzette . grusinskaya good morning , suzette . suzette ( delighted to see she in a good mood ) good morning , madam . she put the coffee down on the table . charm piece of business as suzette , in put the coffee down on the table must necessarily push back the heavily crest cigarette case of the Baron . suzette madam have sleep well ? grusinskaya ( enthusiastically ) oh , yes , suzette . suzette madam will dress now , it be late . grusinskaya five minute , suzette , come back in five minute . I will ring . suzette yes , madam suzette know all about it . she be a french woman . she be pleased . suzette madam be beautiful this morning . as grusinskaya hurry suzette to the door she say : grusinskaya yes , suzette . suzette go out . quickly grusinskaya cross and fling open the bathroom door . the Baron come out . telephone a to telephone . cover frown other . grusinskaya you must go now . as she speak the telephone go . she give the dirty look . telephone ring again . she pull he across the telephone . grusinskaya there -- it begin . with a hand in he she lift the telephone receiver and speak . grusinskaya hello -- hello -- meierheim ? yes ... during this scene the Baron be touch she shoulder . a charming light moment . she continue to speak into his touch probably tickle she , she laugh -- quickly the receiver so that meierheim will not hear she laugh . grusinskaya ( to Baron ) no -- during this scene she be listen to meierheim . she suddenly -- grusinskaya what ?... cancel Vienna ?... be you mad ? we always have great success in Vienna ... certainly not . come here and see I ... yes ... good - bye . she turn to the Baron and they arm go around each the telephone ring again . grusinskaya ( quickly ) there -- the day begin ... I must go to rehearsal . she let the telephone ring . telephone baron grusinskaya -- grusinskaya yes . baron you do believe that I really love you ? grusinskaya yes -- if I do not believe that , I would die after last night . baron I want to be good to you -- madly good . grusinskaya suzette will be back here in a minute . baron I will go -- good -bye . grusinskaya shall I see you again ? baron I -- bell ring again . grusinskaya suzette will be back here any minute . baron when be you leave Berlin ? grusinskaya very early in the morning . baron for Vienna ? grusinskaya can not -- can not you -- could not you come too -- I think it would be better -- for we -- for we both . baron oh -- yes but -- later . they move telephone she hold grusinskaya why later ? baron I have no money now -- I must get some first -- I must get some . grusinskaya I will give you what you need -- I have money . baron oh no -- that would spoil everything . I will -- I will manage somehow -- I will manage myself . I will go with you . when do the train leave ? grusinskaya six twenty - seven in the morning ... but the money ? baron never mind -- I will get it . I have a whole day . I will be on that train . towards the door . grusinskaya I shall dance and you will be with I and then -- listen -- after that you will come with I to Lake como , I have a villa there . the sun will be shine . I will take a vacation -- six week -- eight week . we will be happy and lazy . and then you will go with I to South America -- oh ! start ringing . grusinskaya you must go now . be careful on you way to you room . baron I will go . -- I love you . ( he kiss she ) I will be on that train . I will get the money . he back . the telephone be ringing . grusinskaya do not do anything foolish -- I be alarmed about you . baron do not worry . I will be on the train . ( he kiss she ) he leave . alone with the telephone bell ringing , grusinskaya breathes deeply , stretch herself . she go to the glass and look at herself -- smile . happily she take the pearl , kiss they , drop they into the casket -- pick up the telephone . grusinskaya ( speak into telephone ) yes , pimenov ... yes ... where be you , in you room ? come , I will see you now ... hurry . she rise from the telephone flutteringly , she be hum a tune . she cross to the mirror , pull back she hair happily , she be indeed young . suzette be put out a dark dress . grusinskaya not that dark dress -- something light -- bright -- it 's a sunny morning , suzette . suzette happily glance at she . there be a knock at the door . grusinskaya come in . ( sing ) pimenov enter , before he can speak -- grusinskaya good morning , pimenov . pimenov ( a little puzzle at change in she ) good morning , gru -- you -- before he can start speak of last night she quickly speak : grusinskaya pimenov , I have a idea -- a new ballet -- it must have mad music -- I will explain it to you later . but now , hurry to the theatre -- I want full rehearsal -- property -- full ballet and some musician . hurry -- quickly . I will be there -- during this scene grusinskaya have not look at he , she be busy in the glass . Nice photography on hair and face . side scene between suzette and pimenov , as suzette show he the cigarette case on the table . as he go through the door grusinskaya cross and almost sweep suzette to the door with he . pimenov gru -- you be positively radiant . grusinskaya yes , pimenov. ( quickly to suzette ) one minute , suzette , I will call you . they leave . grusinskaya shut the door . she sweep happily to the telephone . grusinskaya ( very very softly - she voice be like music to operator ) hello -- will you -- will you get I Baron von gaigern , please ... yes ... Baron von gaigern -- yes ... while she wait , she move with a sense of dance . grusinskaya slowly : same dissolve to : key desk . be busy , ( again into telephone ) will you get I Baron von gaigern , please ... ( she speak quietly ) cherie ... yes ... it be you ... nothing ... good morning , good morning , cherie ... nothing ... no ... just to tell you I be happy . fade out bring music up . end of sequence " # 3 " sequence " # 4 " ext . HOTEL - sign Music effect over sign " Grand Hotel . " precisely the angle as before . the sign light . lobby - by senf's desk the music come up on the dissolve into the original shot of the lobby . senf be busy . the Baron 's chauffeur be stand impatiently by he Business ad lib of senf . he turn to the chauffeur who barring the way of a important look alien . senf step back please . chauffeur make no effort to move . against the normal happy traffic of the evening he be a sinister figure . do not move but glare at senf . senf I have tell you three time -- Baron a Doctor . follow shop the Baron shop of shot . von gaigern be out . chauffeur do he leave any message for I ? senf no , he do not -- there be no message . this whole scene be play in a very low key , almost in whisper , it be interrupt by the entrance of the doctor ( to senf ) any letter ? senf no , doctor . during this short scene the chauffeur saunter off . kringelein come to the doctor . kringelein oh , Doctor , such a day -- such a day ! they move away from the scene . kringelein 's voice diminish as the camera move the chauffeur . the chauffeur saunter unthoughtfully past the florist and out of the door . as we pass the florist shop we see back of the Baron in the shot . camera pan chauffeur out to door . he have not see the in the florist shop . the camera pan back to florist wait for the Baron who emerge carry he usual box orchid . camera follows baron back to senf 's desk . Key baron ( to senf ) madam grusinskaya . senf ( take the flower and hand they to clerk ) for madam grusinskaya . clerk ( to page boy ) madam grusinskaya -- at once -- senf ( to Baron ) you chauffeur 's be wait , Baron . baron ( quickly -- shortly ) all right . ( he glance around apprehensively ) kringelein be speak to the doctor . the Baron approach they . kringelein Baron , we must have go a hundred mile a hour , at least ... baron yes , quite . kringelein ( to doctor ) we have be together all day ... and in a aeroplane . doctor life be change you , Mr. kringelein . kringelein yes , thanks to the Baron . the best shop , the very best . look , Doctor , silk -- feel so nice on the skin ... a London hat , see -- make in England , that 's silk , too -- fifty mark ... look , the price be on it . that be half my salary before . the Baron be a very fine gentleman -- no one in my life have be so nice to I as the baron. coat . camera . CUT to : turn push outside or back to : the Baron smile . he slap he gauntlet on he dusty baron I be go to change and we will meet for a drink in the yellow room . kringelein in the yellow room , where the music 's play and the lady be ? baron ( amused ) where the music 's play and the lady be ... the Baron leave . doctor no pain , Mr. kringelein ? kringelein pain ? oh , no , Doctor . I think if I have pain I would be too happy to notice it ... note : find cut here . while kringelein be talk , they move away from the flash of baron' room the Baron enter , throw he glove down on the bed , up the light , pick up a piece of paper that 's be under the door , glance at it . flash insert of the paper in scrawl : " I have be waiting all day . will be at the garage . " " S " cur baron cross , the CUT to : argue remain on make a we again see the apprehension on the Baron 's face . he close the window . as he do so we hear the noise from conference room . bring up noise from the conference room . conference room we must have the feel that this man have be all day . cognac bottle , cigar end , selzer water , of some sandwich . in other word it be a business battlefield . preysing be draw and tired . Zinnowitz be he foot . flaemmchen be fast asleep in she chair , pretty picture . zinnowitz .. and let I say again for the tenth time ... ( he be hoarse and tired ) .. you people be quite ready for the merger . you declare yourselves ... fully agree on all the term -- why should the signing of this article be suddenly hold up ? gerstenkorn I have admit that at one time we have reason for desire the merger -- what reason have we now ? the preysing company have fallon upon evil day , very evil day . preysing jump to he foot . preysing evil day -- I have show you here -- ( he bang the paper ) -- my company export to the balkan alone , sixty - five thousand mark worth of mop rag a year . wilted . telegram this gerstenkorn mop rag -- mop rag -- we be interested in something quite different ! preysing what ? schweimann ( to gerstenkorn -- with a sigh ) shall I tell they again ? gerstenkorn ( glance at he watch ) why waste time -- it 's get late . schweimann you see -- what we be interested in -- gerstenkorn ( interrupt ) ah , come on -- we be go home . due to the long tedious session the man 's collar be zinnowitz ( rise ) Mr. preysing have too scrupulous a regard for certainty ... gerstenkorn you have talk enough today , you be hoarse now . important closeup of preysing his hand go to he pocket . slowly he take out the and glance at it . the follow scene be play over closeup . gerstenkorn sorry , preysing . ( he get he hat ) preysing ( nervously ) you have decide against the merger ? definitely gerstenkorn yes -- preysing then , it 's all over ? gerstenkorn yes -- waitz ( to Zinnowitz ) well -- well -- you could call my office . there be a general movement to go . flash of telegram tremble in preysing 's hand . " deal with manchester off . " general shot of room gerstenkorn cross to preysing . gerstenkorn Goodbye , preysing , I hope you pull through . this be a very bad time to be in such a crisis . we have ... preysing ( interrupt ) why talk -- it 's over -- it 's over -- it 's finish . you have break off negotiation . you do it . you be call they off . you have nothing on you mind all day , but Manchester , -- Manchester -- Manchester . ( he develop almost a passion ) you do not suppose for one moment that I be such a fool as not to have something that I could say definitely about Manchester . ( he be generate almost a passion ) gerstenkorn what ? preysing oh no -- no -- the session be over . let 's go , it 's off . thank you , gentleman . ( he start pack up he papers . ) gerstenkorn if you actually have news from Manchester then ... preysing gentlemen , I be now free to announce ... ( he be perspire , he hand be tremble ) .. that the deal between my firm and the Manchester cotton company have be successfully negotiate . gerstenkorn preysing , you be joke with we . schweimann you be a deep one . quick closeup of zinnowitz general shot of room gerstenkorn in that case give we the article . we will sign at once . we know all the detail ... preysing ( smile , slowly fold up the telegram and put it back in he pocket ) I think we would suspend negotiation , gentleman . gerstenkorn under this circumstance it 's quite a different matter . preysing under this circumstance we might refuse to sign . by this time , waitz and Zinnowitz have the article out upon the table . preysing be perspire . gerstenkorn put he arm around preysing 's shoulder . gerstenkorn come on -- business be business -- come on -- preysing stand , look ahead of he . gerstenkorn pick up the papers glance at they , look at waitz . flaemmchen be awaken . gerstenkorn here 's my signature -- here preysing , sign here . zinnowitz what a session this have be . while preysing be signing . schweimann it 's twenty - five to six . waitz we should celebrate this with a bottle of wine . gerstenkorn ( with he hat and coat ) see you soon , preysing . next week we will meet and discuss further detail . preysing next week . hasty hand - shaking , business of exit . waitz , gerstenkorn and schweimann out . preysing have not move . to dry violence . papers , motion preysing try Zinnowitz take the agreement and wave it in the air the signature . preysing ( to himself ) next week . zinnowitz you let I talk till I be hoarse and you have Manchester sew - up all the time . why ? preysing do not answer . Zinnowitz amiably shrug he shoulder . zinnowitz well -- the deal have be put through . preysing commence to laugh suddenly with increase preysing yes , it have be put through -- it have be put through . during this scene , flaemmchen have rise , pile up she glance at she watch . during this action flaemmchen to Zinnowitz that she be go down to dance , etc. , be unaware of this action . flaemmchen leave the room not to attract attention . zinnowitz ( to preysing ) what 's the matter with you ? preysing ( hysterically ) bluff -- bluff -- all bluff . zinnowitz what 's bluff ? preysing ( throw the telegram on the table ) that. zinnowitz ( read at out loud ) " deal with Manchester definitely off ! " preysing , oh -- I would never have think it of you . preysing no one would have think it of I . I have be get rusty in fredersdorf . well , if bluff be what the world want I guess I can put up as big a bluff as anyone . from now on ... ( he turn away ) zinnowitz you must go to Manchester at once yourself and really see it through . preysing yes -- I must go to England -- I be desperate -- now I do not care -- this sort of thing go to a man 's head . zinnowitz what you need be some relaxation . preysing yes -- that 's what I want -- I would like to tear loose -- I would like a drink . I would like to go down to that dance place . I would like to start something . zinnowitz I can understand that -- after you -- uh -- preysing say it -- say it -- my lie -- it 's the first time in thirty year that I have ever ... where 's that stenographer ? miss flaemm ... zinnowitz what do you want with she ? preysing I want to see she , I want to do some dictating -- report of the conference for my father - in- law . zinnowitz she have a engagement in the yellow room at five o'clock -- she be ina hurry . preysing Zinnowitz , would you say she be pretty ? zinnowitz pretty as a picture . preysing let 's go down and find she -- I need a drink -- come along Zinnowitz . ( he be pick up papers ) I do not know anything about woman -- be marry for twenty - six year . zinnowitz bluff do it , preysing , bluff do it . goodnight . preysing be very excited , they start to leave -- at that moment the telephone ring . preysing aeh ! he cross to the telephone . preysing ( into telephone ) hello ... father-in-law ?... be that you ?... the agreement be sign -- I do it ... yes , father - in-law ... but now I must go to Manchester . when he pick the telephone up he hand be shaking -- dissolve hand into : cocktail shaker -- which shake more . Music crash up -- dissolve out : dissolve into bar kringelein and the Doctor be just enter . kringelein be change . his hair have be cut short and he moustache be go , he look almost saucy . doctor ( to barman ) barman -- whiskey -- ( to kringelein ) for you , Mr. kringelein ? kringelein for I ? -- oh , please , something sweet and cold . barman a Louisiana flip , sir ? kringelein a Louisiana flip , that sound very nice -- sweet , eh ? -- during the follow speech kringelein keep reach for the moustache that be not there . he be thoroughly happy . doctor what do you do in the Grand Hotel ? eat -- sleep -- loaf around -- do business -- flirt a little -- dance a little . a hundred door to one hall and nobody know anything about the person next to he . when you leave another take you room and lie in you bed -- the end . at that moment flaemmchen enter . flaemmchen good evening , Mr. kringelein -- where 's the Baron ? kringelein I be wait for he here . the Baron and I have be together all day . a carry hundred mile a hour -- in a motor car -- and in a aeroplane -- it be marvelous -- flaemmchen Mr. kringelein -- how you have change , you look so nice . kringelein oh , thank you , miss flaemm . oh , please , miss flaemm -- permit I , miss flaemm , will not you have something sweet -- a Louisiana flip . ( to barman ) a Louisiana flip . flaemmchen ( to barman ) no - absinthe . kringelein ( amaze ) yes -- that -- kringelein be beat time to the music -- a little away . flaemmchen laugh . flaemmchen you like music ? kringelein yes -- it 's stimulate -- a man might -- flaemmchen ( mischievously ) a man might what ? kringelein I do not know -- I would like to do anything -- flaemmchen ( very quietly ) oh -- you would ! the Baron enter quickly . baron baron and ( to flaemmchen ) hello -- sorry I be late . kringelein oh -- here you be , Baron . a drink -- a Louisiana flip ? baron hello , Mr. kringelein . how do you feel now ? kringelein a little strange , Baron . flaemmchen I would give you up . baron ( to flaemmchen ) sorry . kringelein a drink , Baron -- a Louisiana flip ? baron no thanks -- keep my head clear . flaemmchen dance then ? ( they exit ) kringelein ( to Doctor ) she 's beautiful -- be not she ? doctor ( to kringelein ) oh -- there be plenty of woman . flaemmchen dancing flaemmchen what have you be do all day ? baron Chasing around . flaemmchen Chasing what ? baron money . they dance a few step , in silence . flaemmchen you be very different yesterday . baron yesterday -- yes -- that be yesterday . they dance into the crowd . cur back to : doctor well , Mr. kringelein , be you get what you be look for ? kringelein what , Doctor ? doctor a masculine paradise -- drink , the lady , dance ... kringelein I have a very good opportunity , a young lady ask I to dance -- I ought to be able to dance , it seem to be very important . doctor you must learn as quickly as you time allow -- believe I Mr. kringelein , a man who be not with a woman be a dead man . kringelein have not you anyone -- have not you anybody -- you -- I mean -- be you all alone in the world . doctor ( quietly ) I be always alone -- I have be everything . kringelein everything ? CUT to : the music baron and doctor I be send as a military surgeon to South Africa . stink climate . taken prisoner . Home on parole not to fight . I be a surgeon in the great War till the end . grenade in the face . carry diphtheria bacilli in the wound until 1920 . isolate two year . ( pause ) I have be everything . have stop . flaemmchen on dance floor flaemmchen that be lovely . baron will you do I a big favor ? flaemmchen I will do anything for you . baron would you like to make a man happy ? flaemmchen ( quietly ) yes -- I would love to . baron then dance the next number with kringelein . flaemmchen why ? baron I feel sorry for he . flaemmchen you be not a bit like you be yesterday . baron I fall in love last night -- the real thing . flaemmchen oh -- there 's no real thing -- it do not exist . baron I think that , too -- but I find that it do . come along , dance with kringelein . flaemmchen anything for you . they move off . as they approach the bar , happily preysing push into scene , touch flaemmchen 's arm . preysing miss flaemm . flaemmchen hello ! preysing I must speak with you , miss flaemm . flaemmchen ( with the Baron ) presently , Mr. preysing . preysing it 's urgent . baron pardon I , the lady have urgent business here with I . preysing ( to himself ) insolent -- Berlin manners . at that moment kringelein have descend from the stool and cross to preysing . kringelein I wish you a very good evening , Mr. preysing . you be stay here , too , Mr. preysing ? preysing I do not know you . kringelein oh -- you must know I -- kringelein at the plant . Assistant bookkeeper , building C , room twenty - three -- third floor . flaemmchen ( quickly ) come and dance with I , Mr. kringelein . preysing I must speak to you , miss flaemm -- business . flaemmchen ( lightly ) tomorrow morning . preysing no -- now . flaemmchen do you gentleman know each other , Mr. kringelein -- Mr. preysing -- Baron von gaigern . they bow stiffly . preysing Mr. kringelein will be a good friend and not accept you invitation to dance . kringelein I could not think of not accept . preysing you say that you be employ by we in fredersdorf , and here you be in Berlin , indulge in diversion which ill befit you position and which be very much beyond you mean --— quite extraordinary , Mr. kringelein , I think we will look into you book . kringelein stand watch preysing , he eye narrowing . flaemmchen now , child , no fight -- save that for the office . let 's have we dance . ( she arm go around kringelein . they dance off ) preysing I will remember you , Mr. kringelein . baron oh , let the poor devil alone . preysing I do not ask you advice . the two man eye each other ; for a moment there might be fight . baron I think it would be much better if you go away . preysing we shall see who remain here the longer . baron ( shrugging he shoulder ) as you will . preysing lean against the bar , order a cognac . the Baron turn he back to he , watch the dance . CUT to : faemmchen and kringelein on floor flaemmchen you must look at my face and not at the floor . kringelein yes . flaemmchen you be tremble . kringelein kringelein 's flaemmchen 's I never dance before -- in public . flaemmchen you dance splendidly . kringelein I be happy , miss flaemm . flaemmchen really ? kringelein for the first time in my life , I be happy . kringelein show sign of exhaustion . flaemmchen watch he quickly . flaemmchen let 's stop -- I be tired . it be obvious that she have stop because of distress . they move arm . kringelein thank you , miss flaemm . back to the bar . preysing catch preysing well now , miss flaemm , we can talk . kringelein some champagne , miss flaemm ? preysing you may go , Mr. kringelein . kringelein do the world belong to you , Mr. preysing ? preysing what be this insolence ? kringelein do you think you have free license to be insulting ? believe I you have floor . not . you think you be superior , but you be quite a ordinary man . preysing go away -- go away . flaemmchen please -- please ! kringelein you do not like to see I enjoy myself . preysing who be you ? -- a embezzler most likely . kringelein a embezzler -- you be go to take that back , right here in the presence of this young lady -- who do you think you be talk to ? you think I be dirt , if I be dirt , you be a lot dirtier , Mr. industrial magnate preysing . preysing you be discharge . kringelein I ? preysing yes you -- shut you mouth -- get out -- you be discharge . kringelein 's hat have fall from the stool upon the flaemmchen pick it up , brushes it . kringelein start to laugh . the Baron step into the scene . the Doctor slowly come from the bar . kringelein you can not discharge I -- I be my own master now -- at last . I be ill , I be go to die -- do you understand ? I be go to die very soon . nothing can happen to I now . nobody can do the the Baron anything any more to I . by the time you can have discharge I I shall have be dead already . ( he laugh become a convulsive sob ) step between the two look straight into preysing 's face . fade in : doctor come , Mr. kringelein . ( he pull he out of the scene towards the bar ) preysing ( he fist clench , between he tooth ) the man 's insane -- he act as if he be glad he be go to die ... ( hesitates -- to flaemmchen ) I shall see you in the lobby in half a hour . end sequence " # 4 " sequence " # 5 " key shot of lobby over senf's head General activity . the house chauffeur . detective , later identify , be talk to he leave the chauffeur and cross to senf . house detective better let he stay -- I have send for the Baron ... how 's you wife come along ? senf I be at the hospital all night walk up and down the corridor . they would not let I in to see she . she have the pain , but the child do not come and I have to stay here chain to this desk . house detective it will be all right . senf I hope so . at that moment preysing enter . preysing do you send that page ? senf the young lady 's there , sir . preysing glance off to see flaemmchen stand look around . preysing cross to flaemmchen . flaemmchen oh , yes , Mr. preysing ? preysing sit here . ( call to a boy ) cognac -- for you ? flaemmchen nothing . at that moment the Baron and kringelein pass . preysing glance up at kringelein as he pass . preysing I be go to keep a eye on that kringelein fellow . I will find out where he get the money to hang around the Grand Hotel . flaemmchen well -- you want I ? preysing ( look straight at she ) yes. flaemmchen well ? preysing I must go to England -- at once . flaemmchen well ? preysing you see , I would like to take a secretary with I for my correspondence and -- humm -- humm -- for company on the trip -- I be nervous -- I need somebody -- I do not know if you quite understand I . you say you have travel with gentleman -- and I mean -- flaemmchen I understand perfectly . preysing what do you think you salary would be -- for such a trip ? flaemmchen wait -- I must figure it up . ( she smoke and think ) first , I will need -- clothes -- shoe -- it 's cold in England in March , I will need a suit ... you would want I to look nice ? preysing of course -- of course . ( he be fidget ) flaemmchen a thousand mark -- ( she wait anxiously think it might be too much ) preysing it 's agree -- I will get a room here for you . she be look away . preysing I can get a room here in the Grand Hotel for you . she still look away . preysing kringelein . back to : the baron can you pay some attention to I ? flaemmchen oh , yes . preysing ( look off ) insolent young cub ! flaemmchen you mean Baron von gaigern ? preysing Baron ! flaemmchen well , he 's a gentleman ! who be lean against a chair by a pillar with the camera approach they . they be not speak . the Baron be look off at : flash a shot from he angle of chauffeur saunter between the door and senf 's desk . the baron he slump on the arm of the chair . kringelein ( watch he ) the Baron be tired ? baron no , kringelein , not tired , -- just -- ( he shrug he shoulder ) well -- well -- kringelein perhaps this evening , Baron , we could go to the casino -- the place we pass with the marvelous bright CUT in : back to : commence Baron CUT to : light ? baron I would like to kringelein , but I can not -- I be break ! kringelein break -- a Baron ? but , Baron -- the Baron look off , see the chauffeur -- flash of chauffeur argue with senf . cur baron baron Excuse I , Mr. kringelein . ( he stride off ) keep the camera on kringelein as he watch the Baron . he take out he pocket - book and look at he money to count it . the think be in he mind of offer the money . charm scene . baron and chauffeur move into position . they be talk . baron ( quietly ) I have quit . chauffeur you can not . baron I be not go to get that pearl and neither be you . chauffeur what about the money ? baron I will pay you back . chauffeur how ? baron I have a idea work in my head ... ( he glance at kringelein ) chauffeur you might find a bullet through that head ... baron if you do that , you would get nothing except the police after you . if you wait -- I will give you you six thousand back -- at that moment a voice be hear . voice madam grusinskaya 's car -- madam grusinskaya 's car . it be pass along . inside porter ( call through he little telephone ) madam grusinskaya 's car -- megaphone ( outside ) madam grusinskaya 's car -- baron ( quickly to chauffeur ) later . ( chauffeur exit with bad grace . ) Baron look off ... full shot -- from he angle shot . meierheim . quickly like a pageant Music come up . grusinskaya be people turn to as she get to aside to he . grusinskaya sweep forward -- pretty follow by suzette , pimenov and look at she . she sweep forward . the door she face the Baron . she step pimenov and meierheim pause . grusinskaya ( to they ) go on please -- go on , suzette . she and the Baron be alone . baron ( quietly ) bless you ... grusinskaya be you come to the theatre ? oh -- I shall dance tonight -- how I shall dance -- I want to feel that you be in the theatre . baron I can not . grusinskaya no ? baron no ! I can not explain now . oh , look -- the pearl . you wear they now ... grusinskaya why do you think -- baron why ? grusinskaya they have bring I such good luck -- you -- he take she hand , kiss it quietly . grusinskaya I be worried about you . baron do not . grusinskaya on the train ? baron yes -- I will be on the train . grusinskaya till then . baron bless you -- during this scene kringelein have be hover nearby . grusinskaya turn away and exit , kringelein approach Baron , who be stand perfectly still , look off , -- mind mile away . the Baron kringelein be the Baron joke , or be it really true that the Baron be -- in financial strait . baron ( lightly ) absolutely true , kringelein and I have to raise some money immediately . kringelein if the Baron -- if you would permit I -— look at he suddenly . baron what ? kringelein I would be awfully glad to oblige , you have be so decent to I . Three hundred ? baron if I could get into a game I might win some . something door . back to out : kringelein gambling ! I would like that . I have over six thousand eight hundred mark with I . baron if we could scare up some man to play . kringelein we could come to my room . baron ( with enthusiasm ) good ! at that moment flaemmchen pass . baron go ? flaemmchen yes -- flaemmchen hesitates as though she want to say that be on she mind . a curious little scene . she do not speak , she just turn suddenly through the the Baron glance after she a little puzzle , turn kringelein . baron ready , kringelein ? kringelein ready , Baron . they move off and be last in the crowd . fade end of sequence " # 5 " sequence " # 6 " no scene 88-93 inclusive into : be etc. , the the approach around stake . sequence omit from original script . dissolve kringeleinx room possibly ten man be gather about a green table . they play card . there be champagne bottle , glass , on the table -- a great deal of smoke . good atmosphere . game be [ ...] fer . there be a dead silence except for monotonous word of the player . White face , the Baron have the bank . otternschlag be see to close the door quietly and the table . kringelein 's back be to we . they be smart people , not professional gambler . there be a tension in the room . the man be gather tightly . we do not see the card . the follow voice be hear : baron' voice all right , gentleman . voice I play -- I play -- here -- up -- play -- kringeleinx voice yes -- I . several man glance at kringelein and the size of he kringelein be that too much , Baron ? baron ( glance down at he card . learn a table to own money ) no -- not at all . kringelein all right then . baron all right then . there be tension in the room . the Baron deal two kringelein take card . a man ( quickly ) do not show they . kringelein turn it down . he be like a little boy new game . the Baron deal himself a card . kringelein ( to Baron ) what do I do now ? the Baron be serious . there be enough money on the take he to Vienna . a man ( next to kringelein ) turn ‘em up . kringelein oh yes -- that 's right -- look ! I win , do not I -- ( he turn the card up ) the Baron rise . baron there you be gentleman . a man ( to kringelein ) will you take the bank , sir ? kringelein yes -- I will take everything gentleman -- please , let we drink -- champagne --- champagne be expensive and good . I be win more than I use to earn in a year -- double what I use to earn . ( he be count he money ) they hand he the card . kringelein kiss the Baron -- he look around . kringelein where be the Baron -- where be you , Baron ? at the side table the Baron be stand -- he be drink -- he face be white -- he have lose . kringelein ( rise quickly ) Excuse I , gentleman . doctor ( sit down in kringelein 's place ) I will take the bank -- all right , gentleman . kringelein have come to the Baron . baron that be my last . kringelein you have lose everything ? baron I have no luck . kringelein pardon I , Baron . permit I again ... ( he put bill in Baron 's hand . ) Baron pour out a glass of champagne -- he have be drink plenty -- he hand glass to kringelein . baron drink to I , kringelein -- it 's my last chance . kringelein ( earnestly ) I do drink , Baron -- I drink to you , Baron and to win . ( he drink ) it 's good , -- come along , Baron . they both move back to the table where the Doctor hold the bank . baron I take five hundred . kringelein all of that at once , Baron ? the Baron pick card , show they to kringelein who do not understand . baron eight . ( he be triumphant . ) doctor' voice ( ring in background ) nine . the Baron throw the card into the middle of the table and turn to kringelein : baron that 's it . the luck 's with you . ( he walk away . ) voice come along , Mr. kringelein . sit here . kringelein I be have luck for the first time in my life . a man you bank , Mr. kringelein . kringelein seat himself , put he glass of champagne down on the table . another kringelein 's have back Doctor leave table , cross to Baron who be pour doctor out , Baron ? baron ( bitterly ) for a while -- I will recover -- in ten or twenty year . ( he point ) look at that . he have point and turn off because we hear kringeleinx voice I have win again , Baron -- I have win again . Baron move out of scene follow by Doctor . as Baron approach table . kringelein Baron , I drink and win -- I drink and win -- I win and drink ! ( he be pull money towards he , count it , eagerly , frantically , not the movement of a miser , not a greedy movement , but the movement of a excited child liberated . money have become so much mad paper to he . ) during the forego scene , one of the man at the table answer the ringing of the telephone bell , he come a man there be complaint in the hotel about the noise . voice what time be it ? get late ? let 's be up this no a kringelein have break it up ! ( to kringelein ) you have be very lucky ... where 's my coat ? let 's go . he 's drunk anyway !... goodnight , Baron . let 's wind up the game , I be break and tired ; you can not play against he . I put my hat down here , somewhere . I think I will have a drink before I go . by the way , I have get to see you tomorrow morning . how have you be , Doctor ? Business ad lib . General business of slow normal exit . kringelein look up from count he money . he have like a little boy with a Christmas stock . he look suddenly , see man be leave -- kringelein oh , do not go , gentleman ! -- stay a while . ( he stand to he foot ) be my guest ! by this time the man be pause by the door . kringelein I ought not to presume , but I -- ( he be a little drunk ) I be so grateful to you -- it 's be so marvelous . the first time in my life I have gamble -- I have dance ! oh , you can laugh , gentleman , but it 's the first time in my life I have ever taste life ! a man ( slapping he on back ) splendid ! there be a general feel in the room that although man be drunk he be terribly sincere , and that there be wish to embarrass themselves or he . in fact , there be nervous impatient movement among the man . but reach a emotional pitch . serious . he man kringelein life , gentleman , be wonderful , but very dangerous . you must have courage for it , then it 's wonderful . you gentleman do not know that because you be all healthy and happy , but I -- believe I -- a man must know death and not until then do a man know anything about life . a man ( sing ) rejoice in life while yet the small lamp burn . General noise among man , some be ribald , other be two man come and shake hand with kringelein , bid goodnight . the Baron put he hand restrainingly on kringelein 's shoulder . kringelein almost stagger towards the sideboard . the be near the door . a man ( start sing ) it 's a short life and a gay one ... kringelein ( seize a glass of champagne ) every glass high to life -- the splendid , dangerous , mighty , brief -- brief life -- and the courage to live it . ( turn to Baron ) Baron , you know -- I have only live since last night -- but that little while seem longer than all the time before -- all the -- ( he collapse suddenly onto the floor ) Business ad lib . the doctor be there quickly . the Baron next . drunk . another man poor fellow . General normal business ad lib between the man . perhaps three of they help he up , include the Baron . they carry kringelein to the bed . voice ( of player mingling ) drunk ? no , he 's ill . look ill . ( well pause over : ) he 's a doctor -- the doctor 's here -- he 's just drunk ! doctor gentlemen , this man be ill -- very ill -- if you will leave . voice certainly , Doctor . goodnight ! goodnight , Baron ! bad luck ! drunken man he 's not use to champagne -- why do he drink it ? Little comedy on exit . ad lib . intercut for relief -- kringelein 's face -- white , draw , tragic . one man , perhaps , remain . man can I help , doctor ? doctor no , the Baron will stay . baron certainly . man leave . during this scene the Baron have be carefully make kringelein comfortable on the bed , bolster pillow course we see in he behind he head . kringelein 's eye be shut tightly hand be limp . by the business of the Baron , although we do not of know it , this be the time that he take the wallet from kringelein and put it in he own pocket . we might perhaps remember a sudden turn away in which he back and he right hand raise as though reach inside pocket -- he stand look down at kringelein . doctor ( drop kringelein 's hand ) it will be over in a minute . kringelein 's eye flutter . his voice sound hoarsely : kringelein over -- over so soon -- it have just begin . ( he close he eye suddenly ) oh , the pain . doctor try and sleep , kringelein , do not be afraid . kringelein ( mutteringly ) I would like to live a little longer but -- I be not afraid to die -- I be not ... baron ( touch he shoulder gently ) you will be all right , kringelein . ( he move from the bed -- take out a cigarette , move to the table . he seize he drink ) kringeleinx voice ( out of scene ) my pocketbook ... my money in it ... doctor' voice what do you say -- what ? we watch Baron 's face , he look back over he shoulder . doctor' voice you what -- oh , be not it there ? kringeleinx voice no -- but no I -- Baron , I have lose my pocketbook . Baron turn in this scene . he walk forward toward they . the Doctor 's hand be on kringelein 's coat . doctor there be no pocketbook here ... on the floor probably . ( he glance down ) kringelein ( start up suddenly ) more than fourteen thousand mark ... be in that pocketbook . doctor ( look at Baron ) fourteen thousand mark ... one can travel -- one 's happiness might depend on fourteen thousand mark -- do not you think so , Baron ? baron ( with a shrug ) quite possibly . at that moment , kringelein , who have be stare up at the ceiling , he hand clenching and reclenching , start up . kringelein oh , I have get to find it . doctor stay where you be . kringelein the drunkenness , get fascinate . no -- I must find it -- ( he start talk ) fourteen thousand two hundred mark . ( he pull himself to the side of the bed ) the doctor go to restrain he . kringelein I be all right , Doctor . there 's no pain now -- only you do not know what that money mean to a man like I . he be suddenly on he hand and knee , crawl along floor , look for it , like a little boy ; he he condition , make the situation tragic . he actually under the card table . the Doctor look at the Baron . the Baron only watch kringelein . he follow he , kringelein ( talk at interval as he crawl look for money ) you do not know , because you have never live like a dog -- in a hole -- and save and scrimp . my life hang upon that money , Baron . nobody give you anything . you have to buy everything and pay cash for it . I want to pay for my last day with that money . every hour cost money . I have nothing -- nothing but that pocketbook . ( he crawl along the floor on he hand and knee talk to the carpet as he look ) I must have it back . ( he pause breathless -- like a animal along the wall -- look up at the man ) action it bite isa stop pity the but little look and he the forego speech be intercut with the follow in which kringelein 's voice be hear throughout -- thus be not a long speech : the Baron watch . he throw he cigarette away -- he he lip -- sweat break out upon he forehead ; again he thief . when he want pearl the love of a woman he . now he want this money and pity , a slow grow for this tragic , die thing be stop he -- and all time the Doctor watch . the one , whole eye pierce into the Baron 's melting conscience . twice during the speech at a spot , through and during rehearsal , to be select , the Doctor 's voice , dron pierce , say : doctor he must find he money , Baron . ( next time ) Mr. kringelein should find he pocketbook , Baron , should not he ? this be two interjection . and now , kringelein lie upon the floor , a troubled sack of pain , he head down . the Baron turn away . he bend down as though he be for the pocketbook . we see he take it from he pocket turn . there be a very light , almost triumphant ring in voice as he say : baron here -- here it be . here 's you pocketbook , kringelein . kringelein ( he head come up ) oh -- yes -- that 's it -- you find it -- you find it for I , Baron . baron ( quickly ) goodnight , kringelein . ( he move towards the door . ) kringelein no -- no please -- oh , do not go -- do not go -- do not leave I alone , Baron . doctor you have nothing to fear , kringelein kringelein no . baron come , get up -- come let I help you . note : if he be a strong actor he can pick kringelein up if not , he and Doctor lift kringelein to bed . baron you be all right now -- it 's very late -- goodnight , kringelein . kringelein oh , no , stay here , Baron -- stay . Baron bite he lip . it be the first and only time in the play that we see a tear near -- the strong man almost break . doctor' voice goodnight , Baron . baron goodnight . ( he hand press on kringelein 's shoulder -- he exit ) CUT out into : door of in audience the Baron whistle . the corridor Baron shut door and pause . in front of he be the the woman he love . down beyond be he own empty room . he pocket nothing . in he closeup he make the feel he problem with he . this man who have live and whistle and love through play become a tragic , lonely , harrass figure . the have break . his fist dig into he eye -- he brushes hair back . over this come with almost a impertinence , a tiny he look up and away down the corridor . the figure of flaemmchen stand there , a small black bag in she hand . Baron pull himself together and smile characteristically . he walk down the corridor . baron flaemmchen , what be you do here in the middle of the night . flaemmchen look for my room -- one sixty - six . baron you live here ? flaemmchen for tonight . ( she point to door -- she look at hima long time ) baron oh ! flaemmchen yes -- oh ! baron well -- such be life , flaemmchen . of about tragically lamp adjoin put he CUT to : and flaemmchen 's awake he bed and night . flaemmchen and Baron , thanks so much for everything . they both go into they respective room . here be we two gay young character . the gay , fresh flaemmchen and the debonair Baron , crucify for lack fund . both try to smile , both try to be light themselves . yet , each about to involve themselves for the want of a little money . flaemmchen room flaemmchen enter she room cautiously . except for one burn the room be in darkness and empty . from the door to preysing 's room a thin stream of light . she down she bag quickly , tiptoe through the bathroom to door . she peep through . flash of preysing's room from she angle . preysing stretch on bed flat , he stomach a mountain on it the magazine that he have be read with picture . he be look at the ceiling . she know he be because a thin stream of smoke come from he cigar in hand . flash of flaemmchen a idea occur to she . she could possibly sneak into he would go to sleep and there would be nothing that close hat and dress , start of the room he speak hair . deliberately camera follows her as she tiptoe to she room . she the door noiselessly and listen . she throw off she take off she coat . open she bag and take out night lingerie , etc . the lid of she bag fall suddenly . she at the noise . " have it awaken he . " she look off . shot at bathroom door the thin stream of light be fill suddenly , the door adjoin room open and back - light from the other the huge form of preysing appear . in this odd lighting be a little more than preysing . he come forward . he hoarsely , quietly . preysing flaemmchen ! ( he seize she to he ) she go to he arm passively . he rub he face in she she be passive -- cold . preysing ( breathlessly ) you be late . I have be wait for you -- wait . flaemmchen I have to arrange about the trip . preysing you be sweet . flaemmchen you think so ? he hold she again , try to kiss she . she avoid he kiss . preysing ( awkwardly ) come here . ( he sit heavily on under the bed , sit on she night dress . ) flaemmchen here , hold up ! preysing rise while she pull she night dress from he . he draw she to he . flaemmchen oh -- careful , Mr. preysing . preysing call I -- do you know -- would you -- would you like to call I by my first name ? flaemmchen ( pull away , glad of a excuse for conversation ) oh , no . preysing why not ? flaemmchen I could not do that , you be a stranger to I . preysing you be a funny little creature , flaemmchen . I can not make you out . flaemmchen it 's not funny at all . one can not get intimate just off hand . I could go to England with you and everything like that -- suppose I meet you next year and I say : ' how do you do , Mr. preysing ! and you say : ( she imitate he ) ' that be the young lady who be my secretary in Manchester 's preysing laugh . she laugh . flaemmchen that 's all quite proper . onto the see a puzzle . move french furtively collar wallet . forward , other . ( she be happy again . she would rather talk than be squeeze ) but suppose I meet you when you be with you wife and I call out : " hello you big baby -- remember Manchester ? ' and you with you wife , how would you like that ? there be a pause for a moment . preysing please , flaemmchen -- we will leave my wife out of this . flaemmchen yawn straight in he face . flaemmchen all right . I will get undress -- get out . he move towards the window which be open . she push fat body out , almost playfully , through the door and the balcony . preysing stand out on the balcony . he look down in street below , then off . he start suddenly because he shadow over the railing of he own balcony . he be shadow cross again . " who can be in he room ? " he forward and peep through the window . one side of the window be close . from he angle we see the Baron search the room . he be now wear a overcoat , the be turn up . Business ad lib . he find preysing 's he stuff this in he overcoat pocket . preysing 's face watch he . as Baron turn to exit , preysing surge pull the window after he . the two man face each preysing aha ! -- the Baron . what do you want here ? room , grasp at telephone , and the Baron baron I must have make a mistake . preysing make a mistake -- remarkable . we shall soon see if you make a mistake . ( the Baron start to leave . ) ( bellow ) stay here ... give I that money . hand he the pocketbook without a word . preysing so that 's how we stand , Baron . baron look here , sir -- I be completely at you mercy -- I be desperate -- it 's a matter of life or death -- I have to get some money -- tonight . preysing indeed you must , Baron -- you must . humm -- humm , but you must go to jail , Baron , you be a thief . baron be quiet . preysing I be go to call the police . I be go to watch you play the great Baron with the police . aristocrat ! aristocrat ! ( he pick up the telephone ) the Baron make for the door on the other side of the pull at the knob . preysing the door be lock , Baron . the Baron make one dive across the room . preysing he coat and tear it . with one hand hold the ( the receiver drop on its cord towards the ground one hand hold the Baron . preysing ( into telephone ) hello ! hello ! -- baron do not do that . ( he try to snatch the telephone from preysing . ) preysing wrench the telephone suddenly away from the Baron . the action excite he . preysing Strike I , would you ? attack I would you ? attack I -- with a terrific lunge , preysing bring the telephone down upon the Baron 's head . the Baron sway , stunne . ( as in book ) . in he mad rage , preysing , hit again with the telephone . preysing I will strike you -- I will strike you -- I will strike you -- Strike I ! by this time the Baron be a heap on the floor . we see preysing come out of he blind trance . he even repeat again . preysing I strike you -- ( with telephone foolishly in he hand , he look down at what he have do . ) CUT to : downstair telephone room sharp sound of buzzing . doze night girl plug in , lazily . night girl so : CUT to : slowly . he thing , preysing we she can the strident , door. own from tear yes -- yes -- Operator -- Operator -- ( she listen -- say to herself ) they be have a nice little game up there with the telephone . with nonchalance she flick plug out again , as she do preysing's room New angle . preysing be on he foot . he have replace the receiver on the telephone , he be put it back be terrify . door open behind he . flaemmchen , with a dress gown on , light , filmy cross and look down at the Baron , without a word . seize she . her hand go to she head , she eye roll ; for a moment think she be go to faint right on top of the Baron . be try to collect she sense , it can not be true . we hear nothing but the heavy breathe of preysing and traffic below . suddenly a motor horn in the street below sound it be the first time we have be conscious of it . with a swift movement , flaemmchen dash towards the it be lock . she rush back as if to cut through she room . he reach for she and rip she dress gown she , leave she almost naked . he lunge after she . she through she own room . CUT to : that . run a " what be to look she uncertainly . CUT to : window . Doctor trousers clothes up . corridor flaemmchen enter from she room . she look this way and after all , it be flaemmchen and not lillian Gish , across the ice in " Way down East , " -- it be flaemmchen , Berlin girl . she pause to try and clear she brain . the hell be this -- what be it . " the impulse naturally scream in alarm . she do not -- flaemmchen 's do not . she around . at the end of the passage be kringelein 's room . will go there . we watch she run down the passage without knock she push open kringelein 's door . kringeleinx room it be in darkness . the only light come through the the form of kringelein lie prone upon the bed , the have just throw a coat over he . he be still in he and shirt . like a ghost , flaemmchen , the shred of she filmy hang to she , cross . flaemmchen ( hoarse whisper ) Mr. kringelein -- Mr. kringelein -- where be you ? she sweep to bed . she shake he . kringelein start flaemmchen Quick -- Mr. kringelein . kringelein they must assume a pause he oh -- what -- what -- ( he be look up at what seem to be a ghost . ) she pull on the light by the bed , it flame up on face . kringelein oh -- oh , miss flaemmchen . it 's you -- flaemmchen Quick -- something awful -- awful have happen . go -- go at once , -- Mr. preysing -- kringelein preysing ? it occur to he that this girl with she tear clothes have be roughly treat by preysing . he suddenly strength . flaemmchen oh , do not wait -- go -- it 's awful -- it 's awful . she slide down to the floor , by the side of the bed . kringelein climb out of bed , try to help she up . kringelein stay here . she wave he away . flaemmchen do not wait now -- go -- preysing . kringelein assume suddenly a strength . he be a man for crisis -- he forget that he be ever ill -- he leave . we go with he . CUT he down corridor quickly . he outside preysing 's door , uncertain of the room , then knock . through : quickly reverse : be pound lie -- come hand . kringelein ( call ) Mr. preysing -- oh , Mr. preysing -- he feel there must be a mistake -- he step back , see flaemmchen 's door open next to it . he enter . CUT he flaemmchen room he enter . look around . look through bathroom . go forward . CUT into preysing's room preysing be still lean against the table , he mouth open , he be gape -- stunne . the two hundred and four have collapse and sag . he be stare , he victim a heap upon the floor , very still and quiet . his eye around as kringelein enter . kringelein cross , look down . touches the Baron 's kringelein oh -- the Baron -- the Baron . preysing he try to rob I -- he be dead -- kringelein my best friend -- poor , Baron -- dead -- just like that . preysing -- we must do something ... kringelein ( quickly ) yes , the police must be call . preysing no -- no -- wait -- the man be a burglar -- he be go to steal my money . kringelein oh , no -- no -- not the Baron . preysing ( suddenly ) where be that girl -- she be work with he -- she entice I into she room . kringelein her room -- oh -- I see , Mr. preysing -- I understand , Mr. General director preysing . preysing ( frantically ) I can answer for this , it be self - defense -- I can answer for this -- but that girl -- the scandal -- my wife -- my daughter , you know they ? kringelein yes , I know they -- preysing the scandal -- we be man -- you -- you could take that affair of the young lady upon yourself -- take she and hold you tongue . then you can travel -- I will give you anything -- anything -- she be with you . kringelein we must call the police , you excellency . preysing take he by the shoulder . preysing how much -- how much do you want -- you need money -- you have nothing . kringelein do not worry about I , Mr. General director pryesing -- worry about yourself . ( he pick up receiver ) there have be a murder -- this be CUT to : CUT to : man . CUT to : turn on the telephone telephone room one sixty - four . room girl plug in . girl hello -- hurry up ... hurry up ... someone in one sixty - four say there have be a murder . hall porter the scene gradually grow intense . porter call night porter here - quick - here -- go to one sixty - four immediately . ( call back on telephone ) give I Mr. rohna -- rohna the manager . rohna' room darken room . Bell ringing . rohna sit up in bed , light , pick up telephone ; on he face we see he hear news . rohna where ?... murder ?... who ?... all right , I be come . wait a minute . ( speak in a monotone ) instruct everyone to use the utmost tact -- we must have no scandal in the Grand Hotel . answer no question , I be come now -- inform the police . ( he replace the telephone commence dress quickly CUT to : ina the grusinskaya's room trunks stand around everywhere . suzette be finish pack . grusinskaya be sit in front of the mirror loose night wrap -- she be do she hair . suzette madam should sleep . grusinskaya I have do my hair differently -- do you like that ? suzette when a lady fall in love she do she hair differently . grusinskaya ( rise ) in the middle of the night -- that flower make I think of a funeral . laurel and tube-rose . ( she push the window close , shiver , it be chilly . she cross the room turn out one of the light ) oh , think , suzette -- the villa and the sun at tremezzo -- quiet -- simple -- happy -- we will have a guest , suzette . suzette ( quietly ) yes , madam . and now madam will sleep . it be not long ' till the train . grusinskaya goodnight , suzette . suzette leave -- turn out a light . alone , grusinskaya go to the telephone . she raise receiver . grusinskaya hello -- can you tell I if Baron von gaigern be in he room -- ring back to : slowly : he . ( talk to herself ) cherie , I must wake you or you will miss the train . ( into phone ) ..y ... be you ringing , he may be asleep . ( to herself ) cherie , you must get up and fetch I from my room -- I be long for you , cherie -- I have not be to sleep -- I keep think you would come to I . ( into phone ) .. oh , but he must answer . Ring -- ring -- ring . CUT in here at discretion the : baron' empty room telephone be ringing . cur grusinskaya's room grusinskaya ( to herself ) cherie , hurry -- hurry -- hurry . answer the phone -- what be the matter . ( into phone ) Ring he -- ring he . ( to herself ) where be you -- where be you , cherie ? why do not you answer ? ( into phone ) well , ring he -- please -- please . fade out end of sequence " # 6 " sequence " # 7 " Music up as we -- fade in on : sign first out : from in and time , to back a they proceed the be noisily dissolve into - exterior service entrance of HOTEL the tree and the milk cart effect and other curious of dawn , which we remember after the climax of the sequence . Music cold and eerie . dissolve General early morning bustle and activity . from one van , fruit and vegetable be be unload . another , huge hind quarter of beef be be carry in a monotonous way a baker throw two loaf at a another man , from a van back up -- baker ( count ) forty -two -- forty -four -- forty -six -- forty -eight -- fifty -- fifty - two -- waiter come to work . a noisy racket . sandwich between the bread and butcher van , be hearse . at the moment we come upon it , the man be pause in work to glance . the man take off they cap , as ; by the hotel detective and other , who will be there , corpse of the Baron in the basket , use at such time , bring out and place in the hearse , which drive away . a policeman ride with the driver on the box . by this time the man with the bread be count : baker one hundred and eight -- one hundred and ten -- one hundred and twelve ... out : which out : chair carpet . the be preysing , move he the through earshot . hurry . stay with he for a moment . dissolve dissolve into - exterior front of HOTEL shoot onto door - day lighting . a man come out and signal a black close limousine , pull forward . dissolve dissolve into - MAIN HOTEL lobby early morning . sense of chill and desolation . some stand on table . a vacuum cleaner be at work on the newspaper boy be deliver papers at the news stand . various shop be slowly be open , the window clean . the general feel of the beginning of another day . the camera wait at a distance shoot from door as with a plain clothes man on either side of he , leave towards the camera . he be grim , he hat be draw over eye . his hand deep in he pocket . when he have pass camera move forward to : senf's desk ( the old shot ) meierheim be enter quickly go the door . he cross now to pimenov . they talk eagerly out of but it be apparent that meierheim be , as usual , ina stand , telephone he be rohna be there too . one of the man carry a telephone wrap loosely in paper . but we know it 's the stand . senf come on duty , look around , it be apparent that late . clerk the night clerk have already go -- you be late . senf man -- I be at the clinic the whole night -- there be no word to describe what my wife suffer . clerk and the child be not come ? senf no -- no -- not yet . well , I must not let it interfere with my duty . any news here ? clerk News ? yes -- kill in number one - sixty - four . senf what ? -- who ? -- whom ? clerk the big manufacturer kill Baron von gaigern . senf good heaven . what for ? clerk I do not know . senf man -- that 's terrible . he be a nice fellow -- I be sorry about he . clerk it seem that he be a thief and a imposter . senf I do not believe it -- he be a real gentleman . I know people ... I be so tired I can hardly see out of my eye . no sleep for two night and so many duty and now this kill in the hotel -- that mean a lot of work . but it 's too bad about the Baron , you always feel better when he come along -- always friendly -- such a agreeable fellow . clerk most imposter be -- a number of bellboy march up and form a line . senf come from behind the desk and inspect they . senf good morning . boy ( in chorus ) good morning . senf show you hand . they show they hand . senf ( to one boy ) you have dirty nail -- you little pig -- you be no good ... cap off ! -- let 's see you hair . ( boy take off they cap ) good -- cap on ! ( boy put on they cap ) where be number seven ?... not here ? ( to clerk ) take he name -- if he come late again today , he 's fire . dismiss ! the boy sit down on the bench . the camera move to kringelein . kringelein and the police officer move towards the desk in CUT to : speak to have CUT to : look hair , ear shot . kringelein please , officer . officer that will be sufficient for the present , sir , you may travel in peace . kringelein exit . corridor by elevator as kringelein emerge from the elevator , suzette the floor clerk . suzette and they have take he away . floor clerk yes -- it 's terrible . suzette madam must not know -- you understand -- madam must not know . floor clerk I will tell the maid . I can not answer for downstairs -- suzette hurry down corridor . by this time kringelein arrive at he door , he open it . kringeleinx room kringelein open the door and enter . flaemmchen be into space . a lovely picture . Morning light over she she be dress . kringelein what 's the matter ? flaemmchen oh -- I be think -- poor Baron -- lying there , he eye so open . kringelein you love the Baron , do not you ? flaemmchen yes -- kringelein so do I . he be friendly to I as no man ever be . flaemmchen perhaps he really be a burglar -- but they do not kill a man for that . kringelein he be in desperate strait . he would be try to raise money all day . he laugh -- poor devil ! and then a man like preysing kill he . flaemmchen ( naively ) I do not like preysing right off . kringelein then why do you have anything to do with he ? flaemmchen ( simply ) money ! kringelein yes , of course , -- money ! flaemmchen you do not understand that do you ? kringelein of course I do -- I never know what money really mean till I start spend it . do you know -- ( he be silent a moment ) I can hardly believe that anything so beautiful should come to I from preysing -- I will take care of you . will -- will you let I ? flaemmchen what ? kringelein you will have a good time with I . want to ? I have get enough money . ten thousand two hundred in my pocketbook . Three thousand four hundred that I win . it will last a long time . I can win more -- we will travel . flaemmchen yes -- to Paris ? I want to go there always . kringelein wherever you like . here I will give you the money I win , three thousand four hundred . later you can have more . flaemmchen later ? kringelein when I -- I be ill , flaemmchen -- it will not be long -- I will not last long . will you stay with I until ... flaemmchen nonsense ! we will find a great doctor , he will cure you . they can cure anything this day . kringelein do you believe that you will have a better time with I than you would with preysing ? flaemmchen oh yes , of course . kringelein ( take she hand ) do you like I better ? flaemmchen you be a good man , Mr. kringelein -- a very good man . kringelein straighten , happy , inspire , a smile on he face . he assume in he gesture . take the telephone . kringelein ( into telephone ) when be the next train leave for Paris ? -- yes ... get two ticket for I ... and my bill please ... and the lady 's -- miss flaemm 's . ( put down telephone ) ( to flaemmchen ) we have to hurry let 's pack -- we will have breakfast on the train . CUT to : corridor the figure of grusinskaya be stand at she door , there be no one with she . suzette step out . suzette madam , it be Mr. meierheim -- he be wait downstairs . grusinskaya where be pimenov ? where be pimenov ? ( she look off . ) flash of pimenov come out of the elevator . grusinskaya hurry down to pimenov -- they meet . pimenov ( breathlessly ) he will be on the train . grusinskaya but when do he go ? how do you know ? she cross and look in the Baron 's room . a may be there change the bedding . the room be unoccupy otherwise . grusinskaya Baron von gaigern have leave ? the may nod . like CUT to : suzette grusinskaya when ? how long ago ? maid shrug she shoulder . voice of floor clerk the Baron leave about half a hour ago , madam . pimenov oh -- gru -- come , come -- we will lose the train . while they be wait for the elevator grusinskaya be a live electric wire . the elevator arrive . they be step in . lobby General activity . we hear the cry go up : voice madam grusinskaya 's car ... grusinskaya come out of the elevator follow by and pimenov . meierheim meet she . meierheim come along , oh , madam , come along . the train will be go . grusinskaya wait a minute . I have get to ask myself . pimenov what 's the use of ask , gru -- he be at the train -- he will be there . meierheim the troupe , the scenery , everything -- all on board , wait . you have a rehearsal in Vienna tomorrow morning . come , madam , be you mad ? grusinskaya cross to the desk . she speak to senf . the CUT to : sunlight grusinskaya have you see Baron von gaigern ? rohna ( come over quickly ) the Baron be not here , madam . grusinskaya he be go ? rohna yes , madam . meierheim four minute past . please come . pimenov come , lisaveta , he will be there -- he will be there . meierheim ( call ) madam grusinskaya 's car . grusinskaya , follow by the other , sweep out towards door . exterior HOTEL grusinskaya emerge , follow by the other . the hit they . grusinskaya oh , the sun -- it will be sunny in tremezzo — — meierheim every seat for the open have be sell at Vienna . sold out for three day . grusinskaya I know -- I know -- but it will be sunny in tremezzo . we will have a guest then . suzette CUT to : CUT to : of still ( knowingly ) yes , madam . voice madam grusinskaya 's car . grusinskaya move forward . lobby senf ( at telephone ) Grand Hotel , head porter . what ? there 's be -- a child bear ? a boy ! yes ! my child bear ! it be healthy ... and my wife ? do well -- all well ! ( to clerk ) the child have come . they be both alive . my child ... by elevator at this moment kringelein and flaemmchen be come out the elevator , kringelein be carry he suitcase . a bellboy attempt to take he bag but kringelein , confuse draw he hand with the suitcase away from the bellboy . flaemmchen let he take it . bellboy you bag , you excellency -- hear the word ' excellency ' kringelein go through a transformation . he stand and with a flourish hand the suitcase over to the boy . he be a big man now . kringelein ( very definitely to boy ) cab please ! move boy triumphant door . leave open bellboy cab , for he excellency , Mr. kringelein ! kringelein ( to flaemmchen ) and now we travel , flaemmchen ... glad ? flaemmchen be i! kringelein ( to senf ) be the bill ready -- the lady 's too ? senf at once . any forward address , Mr. kringelein ? kringelein yes , Paris -- Grand Hotel . flaemmchen how do you know there be a Grand Hotel ? kringelein oh , there must be one in Paris ... they have everything in Paris . senf you bill , you excellency . kringelein pay and take flaemmchen 's arm start to away from the desk , General business ad lib of tipping . line up , make a deep bow . there be almost a march as kringelein and flaemmchen move towards the senf clerk boy ( in chorus ) come again , you excellency . with head erect , happy smile on he face , kringelein the lobby . normal activity in lobby , remind we of scene . Doctor come up to desk . doctor be that Mr. kringelein leave ? the end