grand HOTEL written by bela balaz base on the play " menschen im Hotel " by Vicki baum american version by William A. drake shoot draft prologue Berlin . season be March . action of the picture take place in approximately 36 hour . picture commence at approximately 12:35 in the day . time : the present . exterior revolving door show general natural action of people go in and people come out but in it be the definite inference of people arrive and people leave the big hotel . move inside through the revolving door -- very quickly . camera pause on the threshold like a human be , see and hearing . dissolve out . dissolve into : clock . it be twenty minute to one -- and then move slowly into the crowd of busy mid-day business jumble . camera push through crowd and pass by the foot of the step that lead up to the restaurant . in its journey , it pass kringelein look up . he be not point . the camera then saunter -- get a slow profile movement across -- near senf 's desk . senf be very busy . the camera now pass -- profile -- the desk of senf . General action . senf stand before he background of slot and key . we proceed until we be face the elevator . at that moment the elevator be open . among the people who emerge be suzette , who move too quickly for we to distinguish who she be . the camera pan quickly with she and in the distance we hear she say to senf : suzette madam grusinskaya will not want she car . this line be only just above the general clatter of action but it be pick - up sharply first by senf then by Bell -captain -- and as the camera slowly turn around , we see the boy go towards the door and we hear the voice in the distance , say : voice cancel madam grusinskaya 's car . the camera now back away from the scene into the bar . ( a section . ) it back to the back of the bar and proceed -- in profile -- behind the back of the barmen . a mix crowd of people drink before they lunch . we pick up the Doctor , lean he head upon he hand , look into space . the woman next to he , a noisy blonde , be laugh . the doctor glance up at she -- she glance at the doctor . she and the audience see the scar side of he face -- the laugh die on she lip and she turn suddenly to she companion , who be the Baron . we do not get much of a chance to see he because at that instant he be glance at he watch , he shoulder be turn away from the camera and he move out towards the lobby . back up a few foot and lap dissolve as you move into the main aisle of busy room in restaurant . great activity of waiter . the bustle and activity of fashionable lunchtime . a string orchestra be play . among other thing , we pick up the smile face of the pompous maitre d'hotel , he have apparently just show someone important to a table . the camera watch he face and follow he . his face just as camera reach service table . the pompous maitre d'hotel now become a thing of drama as he demand of a waiter : maitre d'hotel where be that gentleman 's soup ? the waiter , frighten and perspire , do not bother to argue -- he tear off quickly ( camera following he ) to another service table . the waiter seize buss - boy 's arm : waiter where 's that soup ? Boy go off at great rate of speed , camera follows he , into service room of kitchen . Boy stop at soup chef 's counter . he be not the only waiter want soup at that moment . he push he way to the front and put he ticket forward . boy Quick -- come on -- come on ... the soup chef , use to impatient waiter , make no exception of the young man . he look at he as much as to say : " I will slap you on the mouth . " at the same time he be pull over a cauldron of soup . CUT to : cauldron of soup be pull over -- it dislodge a small cauldron that be near the edge . we see the soup fall and hear the scream of a woman before show she agonize face -- she have be scald . General steamy confusion . the chef have fill the plate . we proceed the buss -boy out . half way down the aisle , the waiter take it from he . the camera follow the waiter who place the soup before Mr. preysing . preysing have be wait , with he serviette carefully tuck in he collar . his spoon be in he hand . a horrible man , ready for action . the soup be in front of he , he taste it , push it away , frown , we feel he be go to tear the place down . waiter ( anxious voice ) yes . preysing ( grimly ) cold . voice ( near preysing 's elbow ) Mr. preysing ... preysing ( in same voice ) yes ... bellboy telephone -- from fredersdorf -- preysing rise , strut from restaurant . camera follows he -- he walk out through the door ... dissolve out and into : between two operator head . odd effect at board . camera tilt up as preysing 's head look right down at girl . bellboy be with preysing . bellboy Mr. preysing from fredersdorf -- he call . girl yes , Mr. preysing -- preysing begin drum he finger on the top of switchboard . girl ( nervously ) they have go -- just a moment , sir ... preysing ( to boy ) you tell I it be on -- you say the call be through . ( he wait irritably ) second girl ( to first ) who 's in number three ? first girl senf -- the hall porter . ( girl look off at ... ) CUT to : senf in telephone booth senf yes , it 's senf , the head porter , Grand Hotel ... be you at the Clinic ? , ... how 's my wife ? , ... be she in pain ? , ... be not the child come soon ? , ... patience ! it 's easy for you to talk ... get away ? , ... no , I can not -- I would lose my job . it 's like be in jail . oh , I hope the child come along all right . at the conclusion of senf 's speech , camera move to next booth . thru the glass door we see preysing approach from desk . he enter booth and commence conversation : preysing hello ! Long distance ? , ... get off the wire ... no ... I be talk to fredersdorf ... what ? , ... oh ... hello !... be that you dear ?... how be everything at home ?... what do you hear from the factory ?... no ... how be the child ?... I leave my shave set at home ... yes , be you father there ?... hello , father ?... we stock have go down twenty - three point . if we merger with the saxonia do not go through -- I do not know what we can do ... hello , hello ... yes , papa . rely on I -- everything depend on Manchester ... if they refuse to come in -- well , we will be in bad shape ... no ... rely on I , I will make it go through -- I will make it go through ... wait ?... yes , I be still speak ... the camera then pan to suzette . suzette be already in the booth and she be wait for Mr. meierheim to come on . suzette ( start to speak ) hello , Mr. meierheim ?... be that , Mr. meierheim ?... this be suzette ... suzette , madam grusinskaya 's may ... no ... madam grusinskaya will not go to the rehearsal ... no ... madam be in a terrible state , she do not sleep all night -- she 's very tired ... no , I be speak from a booth -- I do not want to speak in front of she ... I give she a tablet of veronal ... she 's sleep now ... you have better come to the hotel , I be afraid ... pan to baron just enter booth . he be lighting a cigarette . ( receiver down - trick ) baron ( speak into telephone ) Baron gaigern speak . yes , Baron gaigern himself . where be you ? , ... good ... no -- first , I need money . I need it right now . I have to make a show ... that 's my business . I hope to do it tonight ... at the theatre or after the show ... but money -- for the hotel bill , for tip ... I do not need advice , I need money !... now , listen ... pan to kringelein - booth . kringelein who be that , this be ... hello , hello !... who be that ... heinrich ? this be kringelein . hello , heinrich . this be otto kringelein . hello ! can you hear I ?... I have get to speak very quickly . every minute cost two mark ninety ... what ?... otto kringelein ! yes , I be in Berlin , stay at the best hotel , the Grand Hotel ... no , do not you understand ? I want to explain , but I must do so quickly , it cost so much . please do not interrupt I -- hello ? hello ! listen ! you know that will I make before my operation ? I give it to you . I want you to tear it up . destroy it . because , listen , I come to Berlin to see a great specialist about that old trouble of mine ... it 's pretty bad , heinrich . the specialist say I can not live much longer . ( louder ) I have not long to live ! that 's what 's the matter ! hello , hello . be you on the line ? no , it be not nice to be tell a thing like that . all sort of thing run through you head . I be go to stay here in Berlin . I be never come back to fredersdorf . never ! I want to get something out of life , too . you plague , and bother , and save -- and all of a sudden you be dead . heinrich ... you do not say anything . I be in the Grand Hotel , do you understand , the most expensive hotel in Berlin ? I be go to get a room here . the very best people stay here . we big boss , preysing , too . I see he -- not five minute after I be here . sometime , I would like to tell he exactly what I think of he . listen , heinrich -- I have take all my savings ; my life insurance , too ; I cashed in all my policy , the sick benefit fund , the old age pension , the unemployment insurance , the burial fund and everything ... what 's that , miss ?... hello , heinrich . I have to hang up now . I have to pay three time overcharge . just think , heinrich ! there 's music here all day long . and in the evening , they go around in full dress ... yes , sometimes I have pain , but I can stand it . everything be frightfully expensive here . you can imagine , the Grand Hotel ... what ? time 's up ... near the conclusion of kringelein 's speech , we see the Doctor approach through kringelein 's booth . he be look down at something . CUT to : complete reverse - match shot - shoot they both together Doctor be look down at parcel . kringelein 's voice on same track . camera back up . show doctor as he pass various booth -- voice of respective people come up sharply . kringelein I be a sick man -- heinrich -- hello - hello -- Operator -- every minute two mark ninety . Doctor pass Baron 's booth next . baron dangerous ?... that 's my business ... I will do it tonight -- ... I will do it alone . Doctor pass suzette 's booth . suzette madam be afraid -- she will never dance again -- there be no applause last night -- Doctor pass preysing 's booth . preysing yes -- the merger -- Manchester -- it be my business as much as yours -- we have already lose eighty - five thousand -- Doctor pass senf 's booth . senf I be on duty -- I can not leave the Grand Hotel -- it 's like be in prison -- the baby -- Doctor cross to telephone operator : doctor ( to operator ) any call ? girl no , Doctor . doctor ( half to himself ) Grand Hotel -- people -- come -- go ... who care ... nothing ever happen . fade out . sequence " # 1 " facade of HOTEL show electric sign -- odd angle -- the grand HOTEL -- unlight . CUT to : electric control room small section -- engineer pull down lever . facade of HOTEL sign flash on . dissolve out : dissolve into : exterior HOTEL shoot directly on swinging door -- normal crowd action . tea-dansant at this hour be daily rendezvous for smart demi - mondaine , gigolos , out - of - town traveler , etc . -- this type indicate . in the distance we hear music . dissolve suddenly to : yellowroom - near shot of band this same music be be play by the eastman Jazz Band in the yellow room of the hotel . the camera do not wait but back down the room . it be the hour of the tea-dansant . as the camera be backing out of the room which be in reality the restaurant convert -- the tall figure of the Baron -- he proceed through the door of the restaurant -- note : question here as to whether yellow room will be the restaurant convert , or not . in which case it will be necessary to add scene of Baron walk through corridor upstairs -- give sense of distance . the Baron be whistling the tune of the orchestra , he proceed through the lobby as if on a mission . he glance at a pretty woman who pass and nod good evening to the Doctor , who be seat in he chair , not far from the desk . he enter . CUT to : florist shop pretty girl be there , she have see he come . she turn from the door and hand he a box of orchid , already tie in ribbon . baron good little girl -- nice one ? girl yes , Baron . the Baron would stay and flirt but he have a mission ; he leave . CUT to : lobby in the lobby we pick up the Baron leave the florist with small box of flower -- he cross quickly to senf 's desk . shot over senf's head as the Baron put the flower down . senf be busy . the Baron be whistling gaily -- tapping he finger on the flower box -- he be good - nature and patient . senf ( to clerk -- as telephone bell ring ) be that for I ? clerk no -- madam grusinskaya 's car be to be bring . ( he replace the receiver ) senf ( to one of the bellboy ) madam grusinskaya 's car be to be bring . Boy leave . we hear he voice out of scene at the door . bellboy' voice madam grusinskaya 's car ... to be bring . senf good evening , Baron . baron ( amiably ) good evening . will you send this up to madam grusinskaya ? senf yes , Baron . ( he hand the box of flower to the clerk ) madam grusinskaya . clerk hand box to bellboy . clerk room one - seventy -- madam grusinskaya . baron ( to senf ) have you my ticket for the theatre ? senf oh yes , Baron -- ( to clerk ) Baron von gaigern 's seat for madam grusinskaya . telephone ring again . clerk pick it up . senf ( to clerk ) for I ? clerk ( at telephone -- shake he head ) no -- madam grusinskaya 's car be not to be bring . senf ( to boy ) madam grusinskaya 's car be not to be bring . the clerk hand senf the ticket which senf hand to the Baron . baron charge they ... as the Baron be pick up he ticket he look around quickly as he hear the voice of pimenov , who have arrive apparently from he afternoon walk from the rehearsal at the theatre . pimenov ( to senf ) good evening -- my key -- one sixty - eight . baron good evening , Mr. pimenov . pimenov oh -- good evening , Baron . baron how 's the beautiful lady ? pimenov grusinskaya -- well , to tell the truth , Baron -- tonight we be a little bit nervous . be you at the theatre last night ? baron certainly -- always when grusinskaya dance . pimenov well -- last night be not so good . baron I think she be splendid ! pimenov yes -- but the audience . at that moment they be interrupt by a vehement little japanese with he wife . they be argue with the clerk . the japanese speak in japanese to he wife . clerk ( to japanese ) the parquot loge be behind the parquet chair . japanese then they have put I back and I want to be up in front . how be that , chair in front of loge ? senf be speak to a lady at the same time . senf the train leave at seven-thirty , madam . that be the only through train -- the dining car go along . the Baron and pimenov exchange glance as the little japanese speak volubly to he wife . baron ( sarcastically ) it 's always so quiet here . pimenov if you occupy the room next to madam grusinskaya , you would appreciate the quiet of a hotel lobby . baron my dear sir , I would gladly change room with you . pimenov ( effeminately ) no doubt you would , Baron . but do you know , I be quite indispensable to she . I be she ballet master and she nurse . I hardly belong to myself anymore . but , there you be , it 's grusinskaya -- you can not help ador she . at that moment , Zinnowitz push past they . zinnowitz pardon me.t ( address senf ) be Mr. preysing in -- I be Doctor Zinnowitz . senf ( to bellboy ) Mr. preysing -- from fredersdorf -- bellboy ( quickly -- paging ) Mr. preysing -- preysing step quickly into scene . preysing ach ! here you be , Doctor Zinnowitz . zinnowitz have I keep you wait ? preysing wait -- I be wait for news from Manchester . zinnowitz no news yet ? preysing no . no word . zinnowitz everything depend on the Manchester merger . preysing I know -- I know . zinnowitz I see gerstenkorn at lunch -- and as you lawyer I make it my business to broach the matter --- as they begin to move out of scene , Zinnowitz call back to senf . zinnowitz I be expect a young woman -- a stenographer -- she will ask for Mr. preysing . ask she to wait . senf yes , Doctor Zinnowitz . as they move out of scene , telephone bell go . senf ( to clerk ) for I ? clerk no -- letter to two -eighty . senf ( to clerk ) if a young woman , a stenographer , -- etc . this just cover the scene . the Baron and pimenov be laugh at something one of they have say which bring we attention to they again . at that moment the Doctor enter the scene . doctor any letter ? senf no , Doctor . doctor telegram ? senf no , Doctor . doctor anyone ask for I ? senf nobody , Doctor . the Doctor turn slowly away , take out a cigarette with he one hand . baron ( glance at Doctor ) the war . pimenov ( look up from he letter -- glance off at the doctor ) that be Doctor otternschlag -- you know he ? baron yes -- he always seem to be wait for something -- and nothing ever come . pimenov the war drop he here and forget he . baron ( beam ) yes , I be in the war . CUT in : flash of doctor -- he turn as he hear the Baron say this . he pull at he cigarette and look grimly at the Baron ... then he look off at kringelein -- who be try to get rohna 's attention ( the reception clerk ) -- at the reception desk , which adjoin that of senf 's . kringeleinx voice please -- please pay some attention to I -- I have no time . Pan back to desk : rohna ( engage with a lady and gentleman , who have just arrive ) if you will wait one moment , sir . kringelein I will not wait -- I can not wait -- I wait three day before I get a room at all and what a room that be . rohna it 's a very nice room and inexpensive , sir . kringelein do I say I want a cheap room to live in -- when I come here do I ask for a cheap room ? do I ? rohna , sense a scene with this strange dirty little gentleman , look furtively around for the manager . rohna just one moment , sir . kringelein no , I will not wait -- I can not -- every day be precious -- every hour -- every minute . second clerk be look straight at he . kringelein turn he attention directly to this man and proceed : kringelein I come here because I want to live here , two week , maybe three -- God only know -- I have tell you I will pay -- I will pay anything you ask . I be tired -- I be ill -- I can not wait . as he finish the Doctor draw into the scene -- he be watch . Assistant manager enter . assistant manager have the gentleman a complaint ? rohna and kringelein speak together . rohna the gentleman be dissatisfied with room number five fifty - nine . kringelein I certainly have a complaint -- and a fair one . he sense a audience and warm up . the Baron and pimenov enter the scene . the lady and gentleman have turn . the bellboy stand watch curiously and even senf pause and look up . kringelein ( continue ) I come here from a long distance to stay at the Grand Hotel . I want a room -- a big room -- like you would give General director preysing -- I be as good as Mr. preysing -- I can pay like Mr. preysing -- would you give he a little room , way up in the corner with the hot water pipe go -- bang -- bang -- bang ... ( he bang at the desk with he fist ) doctor this gentleman can have my room . kringelein ( turn ) oh ! doctor send he bag up to my room . kringelein oh -- but -- I -- doctor you be tired . I can see that . kringelein yes -- yes -- I be tired . I have be ill ... doctor you be ill . during this scene the manager have be talk with rohna quietly . the manager how turn . manager Mr. kringelein will take room number one - seventy - six , one of we most expensive room . it be large and on the front with bath . kringelein ( subdued -- exhaust --) do that mean that the bath be my own ? --- private ? manager certainly , sir . kringelein well , now , that 's very kind -- thanks . that 's what I want -- a large room on the front with a private bath -- yes , that 's what I want . I can pay now if you like . he take out he wallet and nervously commence to extract money . doctor that will not be necessary . the manager be instruct the bellboy to take kringelein to the new room . kringelein accidentally drop a bill -- the Baron , who have notice the money , stoops to pick it up . in bend himself , kringelein drop he hat . Baron pick up the hat and considerately brushes it with he sleeve . kringelein thank you , sir . baron ( amused ) not at all , sir . ( he beam ) kringelein ( find a friendly face ) permit I -- my name be kringelein -- from fredersdorf . baron I be Baron von gaigern . kringelein oh , a Baron ! ( he be impressed ) Baron catch the mood of make this gentleman suddenly popular . baron and this be Doctor otternschlag . kringelein ( turn to Doctor ) oh -- Doctor -- you be a Doctor -- I be -- doctor I know -- I know -- when a man 's collar be a inch too big for he -- I know he be ill . kringelein yes -- oh -- oh -- yes , -- ( he finger go nervously to he collar ) Zinnowitz pass through scene quickly on he way out . at that moment , pimenov return from the news -stand , where he have buy the evening papers . pimenov well , Baron -- I must go and dress . kringelein ( to doctor ) be this gentleman a Baron , too ? pimenov ( laugh ) unfortunately no . the manager come into scene . manager will Mr. kringelein kindly register . kringelein again ? manager please . kringelein turn to the desk . the Doctor turn up with he . at that moment the Baron 's chauffeur touch he arm . chauffeur have you a minute now ? baron no -- I tell you not to come in this lobby . chauffeur time 's get short . baron I have tell you a hundred time not to speak to I with a cigarette in you mouth . chauffeur take the cigarette out of he mouth -- but still hold it in he hand . chauffeur I want to speak -- baron not now . chauffeur yes , sir . the Baron leave . General move off , towards elevator , of Baron , pimenov , kringelein and the Doctor . senf's desk on another shot , shoot profile onto senf 's desk , bring in flaemmchen . flaemmchen enter . her back to camera . flaemmchen ( we hear she ask ) Mr. preysing . senf will you wait please . clerk the stenographer be to go up -- Mr. preysing telephone . senf Mr. preysing -- one sixty -four . flaemmchen thanks -- ( call off to elevator ) heigh ! -- wait ! she cross to elevator . the camera rush up behind her , almost pushing into elevator with her . as she enter the elevator and the gate shut , she turn around , back press against the Baron -- who be look down at she . the look on she face be the look we often see on flaemmchen 's in elevator when they be press . note : good introduction , for flaemmchen . the lift ascend . upper corridor flaemmchen step out of the lift . she be look around for the number . she move out of scene . the Doctor , kringelein and the bellboy with the bag , move straight down the hall . pimenov be chat volubly . pimenov ( to Baron ) poor grusinskaya -- how can she receive anyone . she can not -- theatre , train , hotel -- hotel , train theatre . we see flaemmchen be direct by the floor clerk to Mr. preysing 's room . pimenov ( continue ) I must go and dress -- she will be waking up and call for I . he proceed up the passage , pompously , hum the air of he ballet . at that moment , flaemmchen , who have be direct to preysing 's door , by floor clerk , pass the Baron and there be a amusing exchange of glance between they . flaemmchen knock at preysing 's door hear a voice . preysing's voice come in . she open the door . CUT to : preysing's room preysing have have a bath and be actually steaming from it . he stand before a long mirror , rub himself with a towel . he see she through the mirror , wrap the towel around he very cutely , for a big man , and turn upon she . preysing what ...! -- flaemmchen I be the stenographer . preysing then you will please wait outside . he be very much affront . flaemmchen , who have see many large gentleman in the altogether -- flaemmchen ( lightly ) do not hurry -- take you time . she go out of the room and shut the door . CUT to : upper corridor flaemmchen emerge from preysing 's room . Baron loitering in the hall . ( whistle as outline ) . Baron approach , he be also whistling -- the same tune that flaemmchen be whistling . she glance at he , as he continue whistling with a amusing dance step , as much as to say : " be you mad ? " baron like dance ? flaemmchen not with stranger . Baron glance back up the passage ; it be apparent that he be go to make conversation here with this girl , in order to keep legitimately in the passage until grusinskaya come out . baron ( turn to flaemmchen ) never ? flaemmchen you be a fool ! baron yes , I be rather . he glance down the passage again , he hand in he pocket . she glance impatiently at she watch . baron he must be very nice . flaemmchen who ? baron ( gallantly ) whoever be keep you wait . flaemmchen ( indicate preysing 's door ) have you see it ? baron oh , my large and noisy neighbor -- really ? that ? ( indicate preysing 's door ) flaemmchen that . baron ( with meaning ) you ? flaemmchen ( quickly ) oh -- work !! baron ( with meaning ) oh ! flaemmchen dictation . ( she twittles she finger ) you know ... baron oh ... poor child . if you be free , I would ask you to come and have some tea -- but -- flaemmchen tea would spoil my dinner . ( lightly ) one meal a day , I would hate to spoil it . baron reduce ? flaemmchen ( she turn invitingly ) no -- why ? -- should I ? baron Lord no -- charming -- but why one meal a day ? flaemmchen ( laugh in he face ) money -- ever hear of it ? baron yes -- yes indeed -- but you be a ... ( move finger ) ...a stenographer . do not little stenographer earn little penny ? flaemmchen very little . baron too bad . flaemmchen do you ever see a stenographer with a decent frock on ? -- one that she would buy herself ? baron poor child -- ( enthusiastically ) I wish I be free tonight -- we could -- flaemmchen ( with invitation ) be not you ? baron ( quickly ) what ? flaemmchen free -- baron ( glance up passage ) unfortunately no -- to bad -- tomorrow though . flaemmchen tomorrow ? what time tomorrow ? baron shall we say five o'clock -- downstairs ? flaemmchen where downstairs ? baron yellow room where they dance -- ( business ) flaemmchen you be very funny -- baron ( with great meaning ) yes ? -- tomorrow ? flaemmchen of course . baron really ? flaemmchen laugh at he . baron we will dance . flaemmchen ( slowly ) all right . we will dance . at that moment we hear kringelein 's voice call from he doorway at the end of the passage . kringeleinx voice Baron -- oh , Baron ! the Baron turn and look off at --- kringelein kringelein be in he door in the distance -- radiant . he wave . kringelein if I could trouble the Baron to come and see this beautiful room . I have order champagne . perhaps the baroness could join we . CUT back to : flaemmchen , baron and kringelein kringelein waiter , oh waiter ! wait a minute ! ( to Baron and flaemmchen ) we be have caviar -- it 's expensive but that make no difference -- I see the baroness be laugh . flaemmchen have caviar if you like , but it taste like herring to I . at that moment grusinskaya 's door open suddenly and suzette come out into the hall . suzette ssshh ! please ! madam be asleep . kringelein oh ! by this time the other be enter kringelein 's room . the Baron turn back for a moment . baron ( call back quietly to suzette ) asleep ? -- ssshhh -- sorry ! suzette turn back into the room . CUT to : grusinskaya's room it be typical hotel . half -open trunk , etc . curtain be draw -- room be in semi-darkness . there be a sense of silence , except for distant music come from the yellow room below . in suzette 's hand we see one of grusinskaya 's ballet slipper which she have be mend . she be about to tiptoe to she seat when she stop suddenly and look off dramatically at ... grusinskaya shot from she angle . she be sleep beneath a chinese robe , on the chaise-lounge . apparently she have change she position , because the hand which be outside the robe move . the camera , as though it be suzette , move up towards grusinskaya . her eye be close . suzette cross to the chaise- lounge and be look down . grusinskaya 's eye open suddenly . she look at the ceiling and then she eye turn and look straight at suzette . suzette' voice ( quietly and reverently -- almost a whisper ) madam have sleep well . grusinskaya no , I have be awake -- think -- think . suzette' voice it be time for the performance . grusinskaya the performance ? suzette it be time . like a soldier call to attention grusinskaya sit suddenly upright -- grusinskaya always the performance -- every day the performance -- time for the performance . ( she pause and droops suddenly ) I think , suzette , I have never be so tired in my life . ( she take the bottle of veronal which be nearby ) veronal do not even help I to sleep . ( laugh a little ) suzette ( speak into telephone ) madam grusinskaya 's car be to be bring . while she be speak grusinskaya rise -- with the grace of a dancer she pick up the chinese robe that have fall to the floor and although there be only one other woman in the room -- she hold the robe around she . she cross to the mirror and look at she face , run she finger through she hair . she gently massage under she eye and the camera see grusinskaya for the first time . there be silence in the room -- neither of the woman speak . suzette get madam 's clothes ready . she cross , put the case of pearl down on the dress table and open they . grusinskaya look into space -- silence -- dead silence . suzette kneel as if to put madam 's stocking on for she . grusinskaya pull she foot away . grusinskaya I can not dance tonight -- suzette it will pass -- it will pass -- come . grusinskaya let we cancel the engagement . suzette but , madam . can not do that . grusinskaya now be the time to cancel to stop entirely . I feel it -- everything tell I -- enough -- enough . she lean forward against the dress - table and she hand unconsciously touch the pearl . grusinskaya ( very quietly ) the peal be cold -- everything be cold -- finish -- it seem so far away -- so threadbare -- the Russians -- St. Petersburg -- the Imperial Court -- the Grand Duke sergei -- ( long pause as though she be relive incident of the past ) -- sergei -- dead -- grusinskaya -- it 's all go . she throw the pearl away , down upon the floor . suzette mon dieu -- the pearl -- if they be to break -- grusinskaya the pearl will not break -- they hold together and bring I bad luck ---- I hate they ! suzette cross replace the pearl . suzette orchid come again , madam -- no card -- I think perhaps they be from the same young man -- he be at the end of the corridor -- tall -- he walk like a soldier -- madam must have notice how often he be in the elevator with we . last night for instance -- grusinskaya oh , suzette -- suzette -- sshh -- quiet . grusinskaya 's eye be look off into space -- she be away in Russia -- she do not look -- telephone ring -- suzette cross to telephone . suzette ah , oui -- the car be here for madam . grusinskaya send it away -- I sha not need it . there be a knock at the door -- a certain kind of knock . grusinskaya come in . she pick up the telephone and as she do so pimenov enter . suzette quickly give pimenov a signal that there be trouble . as pimenov be close the door we hear grusinskaya speak into telephone . grusinskaya ( authoritatively ) madam grusinskaya will not require she car -- no -- she will not be go to the theatre . ( she turn ) pimenov ( at heart a clown ) make a grand comedy bow . he will deliberately try to tease madam out of she mood . she glance at he , without smile , cross to the dress - table and sit . pimenov it be time for the performance . grusinskaya ( under she breath ) the performance -- the performance -- the performance . ( during this scene the orchid fall to the floor ) it be a hysterical out - burst . it be not a woman who be just temperamental , it be something deeper than that . she be very near a nervous breakdown . we , the audience , must feel with she a revulsion against the word performance . pimenov ( tenderly -- as he touch she shoulder gently ) poor little lisevata -- she still have she stage frights -- it will pass . pimenov kneel by grusinskaya -- he be chafing she hand , he attempt to soothe she . now grusinskaya draw she hand suddenly away . grusinskaya it be not stage fright -- it 's something more -- pimenov ( tenderly ) what -- what be it ? last night ... grusinskaya last night ?... there be no applause . pimenov ( quickly ) there be -- there be . grusinskaya that theatre -- half empty -- dance for that few -- I be frantic -- I finish -- the last beat and ... ( she recline she head as the swan finish the dance ) ... I wait -- I listen -- but the applause do not come -- nothing . a man in the box -- and just the claques behind -- it be pass , pimenov . we be dead -- it 's finish . there be a sudden knock at the door . pimenov meierheim -- the door open suddenly . meierheim burst into the room . meierheim what be this that you have cancel you car ? who be I that I should wait like a fool at the door ? and here on a whim , you cancel you car . have you forget there be a performance ? do you know the time ? or , be we all mad ? be I you manager ?... have we a contract ? have we obligation ? be I blind ? ( glance at he watch ) ... or be that the time ? grusinskaya I be cancelling the engagement . meierheim oh ! Business of pimenov signal to he . meierheim oh ! madam be cancelling the engagement . madam have choose a funny time for such a funny joke . ha , ha , ha -- hurry , come on . tonight -- there 's a line in front of the theatre since six o'clock . the house be jamme to the roof . grusinskaya the house be not full -- be it really full ? meierheim pack to the ceiling . hurry -- get dress . and what a audience -- the french ambassador -- american millionaire -- princess ratzville -- er -- er -- grusinskaya ( to suzette ) oh -- but it can not be . suzette oh , come , madam -- please come . ( she hold up she frock ) grusinskaya ( change mood ) all right , suzette -- quickly -- hurry . pimenov we will wait . meierheim you be late . hurry . meierheim go over to telephone , he pick up receiver and say : meierheim tell madam grusinskaya 's chauffeur to bring the car . show few foot of grusinskaya get dress . CUT to : by elevator pimenov and meierheim . meierheim be push the bell . pimenov how be the house ? meierheim terrible . after this , no more ballet for I . Jazz -- ( snap he finger ) just jazz . pimenov if the house be empty again , I do not know -- meierheim when she get she paint on and hear the music -- she will be all right . I know this people . they be walk towards kringelein 's room . they be pace rather like man who walk the deck on a liner . they turn almost together , but when they turn back past the camera the camera proceeds on into kringelein 's room . the camera enter the room to a burst of laughter . Champagne bottle open , caviar , smoke , etc . in the room be the Doctor , kringelein , the Baron , flaemmchen , and a very fat waiter -- comedian . kringelein you may laugh . caviar and champagne may mean nothing to you , but to I -- they mean a great deal . you see , I be ill and all of a sudden I get a fear of miss life . I do not want to miss life -- do you understand ? flaemmchen you be funny . you speak of life as if it be a train you want to catch . kringelein yes -- and for I , it 's go to leave at any minute . let 's drink . the Baron offer flaemmchen a glass of champagne . she shake she head . kringelein I be sure this beautiful room must appeal to you taste -- distinctive , do not you think ? Velvet upholstery -- ' a - number one ' . I be in the textile trade and I know . ( he have a slight case of hiccup from the champagne . he touch the drape ) and this be real silk drape . flaemmchen ( amusedly ) silk -- think of that -- silk -- they be , too . kringelein ( who have not stop talk ) have you see the bathroom ? -- hot and cold run water -- you see , I can get a bath whenever I like . at that moment preysing 's voice be hear call to the floor clerk . preysing the stenographer ! flaemmchen , hearing this , turn and look off , apparently through the door . her manner change , she put down she glass . flaemmchen her master 's voice ! ( turn to Baron ) I must go now -- goodbye -- thanks . kringelein oh , do not go . flaemmchen I be engage for the evening . kringelein oh , can anyone engage you for the evening ? flaemmchen to take dictation -- a Mr. preysing -- ( to Baron ) Goodbye , you -- tomorrow at five o'clock . ( she be move out ) kringelein 's optimism have leave he for a moment , he stand look out of door undecided , he be drooped suddenly , as though year have return to he . baron what 's the matter , Mr. kringelein ? kringelein ( to himself ) General director preysing ! ( possibly he turn to Baron ) Baron , when I be sixteen year old , I start as a office boy in that man 's factory -- baron then you know he ? kringelein do I know he -- I know he through and through . they start to leave . oh , gentleman , please do not go . baron I must -- I hope to see you again , Mr. kringelein . Baron leave . kringelein you will stay , Doctor -- if you have nothing better to do ? doctor I have nothing better to do , Mr. kringelein . they move into the room . CUT to : no scene : 24 and 25 sequence omit from original script . near elevator pimenov and meierheim be stand there . meierheim be push the elevator button . the Baron stand near and pause , he be now a change man . he look off as he hear the voice of grusinskaya , off in the distance . grusinskaya 's Voice hurry , suzette . grusinskaya shot from the Baron 's angle . grusinskaya be sweeping down the corridor , follow by suzette . CUT back to : baron , pimenov and meierheim baron perhaps you could present I now , Mr. pimenov . pimenov please , Baron -- forgive I -- not now -- here she be . grusinskaya sweep into scene . the Baron lean forward quickly and push the bell with a glance at she . they look at each other . he fix he eye on she characteristically . she glance at he . this be the first time they have meet in the picture . she be impatient . as if to break a awkward silence , she turn to suzette . grusinskaya my coat . suzette be carry the coat over the pearl . as she take the coat off she arm , grusinskaya glance down at the jewel case . grusinskaya suzette -- I tell you not to bring the pearl . I will not wear they tonight . meierheim why not ? grusinskaya take they back , suzette . meierheim you have not time . suzette hesitates . grusinskaya hurry , suzette . meierheim such nonsense . suzette toddle off with the pearl . the elevator open , collect its passenger , all except the Baron and descend . flash in a shot of grusinskaya 's eye as she go down , glance up . flash in a shot of the reverse of he look down . the Baron pause , hesitates , think . we be interested in he action . for the first time he become furtive . HOTEL lobby - from elevator Music swell up from the yellow room . a great deal of noise , confusion and activity as the elevator stop to emit grusinskaya , follow by pimenov , meierheim and some other people who be rather excited to be in the elevator with the great grusinskaya . meierheim ( off scene ) the car for madam grusinskaya . the bellboy hear it and pass the word around . it seem to be echoed through the lobby . people turn , as grusinskaya 's spirit seem to rise with the attention she be get . the camera precede she through the revolve door , as she sweep outside of the hotel . the Baron 's chauffeur , schweinke , be see to watch she go . he look furtively around and enter the hotel . CUT back to : upper corridor - closeup of baron as he watch suzette return from grusinskaya 's room . she be about to push lift button - then decide to run downstairs . important closeup of baron fade out : end of sequence " # 1 " preysing's room Zinnowitz and preysing be stand by door . preysing no news from Manchester yet -- do you think we ought to postpone the conference ? zinnowitz good heaven no . that would create the very worst impression . you must be optimistic . you must convince they . you know as well as I do that the merger must go through . preysing yes -- the merger must go through -- but I be use to make my deal on a solid basis . I be not a liar . I be a honest business man -- a good husband and father -- I have a sense of honor -- I have nothing to conceal . I could not live happily otherwise . zinnowitz well , do not get excited about it . we agree that the merger with the saxonia people must go through . preysing I want to dictate my statement for tomorrow . I can not speak without note . I like to have thing down before I in black and white . zinnowitz I will see you in the morning then , at the conference . everything will be all right , preysing ... do not worry . goodnight . preysing good night . Zinnowitz leave . sequence " # 2 " fade in on blackness of preysing's room we hear the distant voice of preysing and the key of the typewriter rattling . the reason for the blackness be that preysing 's back be flat into the camera . his hand be behind he back and he fat finger be move restlessly . it be a odd effect . we do not know quite what it be . preysing's voice both party have fully agree that this merger can result only in mutual advantage . preysing move forward show that we be in preysing 's room . the change of light show we plainly the time lapse . flaemmchen be seat at a small table type . prey stride forward as he stride he say : preysing moreover -- flaemmchen ( repeat ) moreover -- preysing pace the room . preysing ( repeat ) moreover -- ( he pause , think . pick up telephone quickly -- into telephone ) be there a telegram for I yet ?... oh -- when it do , send it up . during this , flaemmchen , who be tired sit back and rub she finger that have be over - work . she glance at she wrist - watch . preysing come and stand behind flaemmchen . preysing now , where be I ? ( he look over the sheet in she typewriter -- accidentally he arm touch she neck ) oh -- sorry . ( he put he cigar in he mouth and walk away . as he walk away ) where be I ? as he turn , he catch a down shot on she from behind as she stretch back show she bust . see he face look down on she she pull herself together and seat herself at attention . flaemmchen moreover ... preysing moreover ... it seem a silly kind of lull . preysing do you work in justice Zinnowitz ' office ? flaemmchen no -- only occasional job . ( she yawn suddenly ) preysing tire ? flaemmchen you pay I . preysing you be a very unusual stenographer -- flaemmchen moreover ... preysing moreover ... ( as he pace the room , it be obvious that he be try to collect he thought ) she look at he , wait a moment and then begin characteristically to , change the sheet of paper . flaemmchen I do not see why it 's unusual for a stenographer to be pretty -- if she do she work well , -- seem so silly . I do not know why they do not like girl like I in office . personally , I hate office -- I would much rather be in the movie . preysing movie ? flaemmchen yes , I photograph very well . look -- she toss magazine -- as if it be nothing at all over to he . he look down at it without touch it . preysing what be this ? flaemmchen I get ten mark for that . he pick it up . preysing you ... flaemmchen ( without look up ) me. as he look at picture -- he lower he voice two note . preysing you ... flaemmchen ( read ) moreover ... preysing ( quickly ) what ? flaemmchen ( read ) only in mutual advantage -- moreover . preysing what brown hand you have . flaemmchen that 's from ski . preysing skiing ? ( he hold she hand ) flaemmchen ( natural -- unabash ) yes ... a man I know take I to Switzerland last month ... he drop she hand suddenly . preysing a man ? -- to Switzerland ? -- that must have be nice -- for he . flaemmchen ( read ) only in mutual advantage -- moreover ... preysing pace the room try to get he thought back to the work in hand . preysing moreover ... he be a lucky man -- that man . flaemmchen perhaps . ( she wait at attention ) he pace back and forth again . preysing do not misunderstand I . I be a marry man -- with grownup daughter . uh -- flaemmchen moreover -- do you mind if I smoke ? ( she take cigarette ) I go to Florence once , too . preysing with the same friend ? by this time she be smoking she cigarette . flaemmchen ( without look at he ) no. preysing ( quickly ) moreover , the possibility of the successful termination of negotiation now pend with the Manchester cotton company ... flaemmchen not too quickly . preysing what ? flaemmchen you be a little too fast . preysing can not you understand I ? flaemmchen I understand you perfectly . preysing have you get it now ? flaemmchen ( type ) cotton company -- preysing should throw a great weight into the balance ... flaemmchen ( as he turn he back look at he significantly ) ... weight into the balance ... there be a sudden knock at the door . preysing come in . Boy enter with telegram . boy telegram for Mr. preysing . with almost hysterical speed , preysing snatch the telegram -- open it . flaemmchen powder she nose . important closeup of preysing it be bad news . he wipe the perspiration from he forehead . preysing oh -- oh. ( he throw the telegram away from he , onto she desk . pace the room . ) flaemmchen , believe the telegram to be something that she must copy , pick it up quite naturally and read it . flaemmchen deal with Manchester cotton company definitely off . preysing turn and snatch the telegram from she . flaemmchen sorry . preysing pace the room with the telegram . flaemmchen rise , stretch . quite naturally she glance at the picture on preysing 's dress - table . flaemmchen how nice -- you daughter ? preysing my daughter -- yes , my daughter . ( he be talk more to himself ) flaemmchen be that Mrs. preysing . preysing ( to himself ) definitely off . flaemmchen oh -- too bad . do you quarrel ? ( she be look at picture of Mrs. preysing ) preysing ( turn , speak quickly -- definitely ) that will be all -- be here tomorrow at nine o'clock . ( he turn , go out onto balcony with telegram ) flaemmchen , delighted and with alacrity , cross , pile up she papers and be prepare to leave . CUT to : flash of corridor trim flaemmchen out of preysing 's room . take she down to elevator . at the same time , camera pan over and show the Baron 's chauffeur knock at the Baron 's door . baron' voice ( call ) come in ! trim the chauffeur into the Baron 's room . baron' room Baron be busy change he clothes . chauffeur step in , he close the door behind he and stand there with a inquisitive look . chauffeur you be late -- the dancer 's go to the theatre . baron ( very nonchalantly ) well ? chauffeur she 's go to the theatre -- do not you know ? baron ( very nonchalantly ) yes . chauffeur ( ready to explode ) and what be you go to do ? baron the pearl be in she room . chauffeur ( threateningly ) now listen to I . the other be get suspicious of you . I be on the telephone to Amsterdam today , they think you be scared . baron I have be careful , I have be wait my chance . chauffeur you have be wait you chance . you be too much of a gentleman -- that 's the trouble with you . baron I tell you I will get the pearl tonight . chauffeur need any help ? baron no . chauffeur have you get that skeleton key ? he take the skeleton key out of he pocket and produce it to the Baron . baron no -- chauffeur why ? baron the floor clerk be out there in the corridor -- she see everything --- chauffeur ( contemptuously ) I could take care of she . baron how ? chauffeur chloroform on a handkerchief from behind -- while you ... baron no -- no -- no -- no ... chauffeur why ? baron poor girl -- chloroform would give she a rotten headache ... I know -- I have it in the war . besides , she 's very pretty -- not young but -- chauffeur you be no good for this business . it 's just a joke to you ... baron ( swing suddenly on he ) I do not like you tone . chauffeur ( come up to he -- face to face ) no -- Baron be suddenly seize with uncontrollable temper -- twist he wrist -- back he to door , speak quietly . baron get out and leave it to I ... be ready to leave on the night train for Amsterdam ... chauffeur with the pearl ? baron with the pearl -- the chauffeur leave . the moment he be go -- Baron look the door -- business ad lib . cross to window . facade of HOTEL the Baron peep out onto balcony -- it seem to be clear . he proceed along and peep into preysing 's room . preysing be apparently in the bathroom . Baron skip nimbly past the room . work at thrill of pass through to grusinskaya 's room . grusinskaya's balcony Baron be pretty shake by jump . CUT to : grusinskaya's room darkness -- light from transom and building opposite . Business of find key and get pearl . intercut preysing come out onto he balcony , bring out with he , loud speaker of radio -- which announce noisily as follow : loud speaker ' you be listen to the music of the eastman Jazz Band , in the famous yellow room of the Grand Hotel . ' CUT to : grusinskaya's room Baron start suddenly -- when he hear voice and with pearl in he hand , look cautiously out of window -- only to see : CUT to : shot from he angle onto preysing's balcony : preysing seating himself upon he balcony -- Radio loud speaker see . possibly preysing commence dinner scene bully waiter . grusinskaya's balcony the Baron know he be trap , if he jump onto preysing 's balcony , preysing be the man that will cause the alarm . quickly he move across the room -- try the door -- it be lock securely . he look for skeleton key and then remember refuse it from the chauffeur . he be trap in a absurd way . as he move back from the door , he knock the telephone off of the table . he watch it for a moment , realize that the operator must now know that there be someone in grusinskaya 's room . he pick up the telephone , replace the receiver , wipe finger print off with he handkerchief . he be move back to window when telephone start to ring suddenly . the think cross he mind they they will want to know who be in the room . he let the telephone ring . cross to the door again . above the din of the telephone we hear the chambermaid 's voice sing a absurd song . he listen . she be come in . the key turn in the door . quickly he hide behind the curtain . slowly and amusingly the chambermaid , tired and drag , enter the room . he be look for a opportunity to dash through the door . after all , this may should be a easy person to get around . we have a feel he wish to dash through the door . the chambermaid might be sing the same tune that we hear from preysing 's radio . the telephone commence ringing . Chambermaid do not answer it but continue she duty . at last , because of the noise of the telephone , she pick it up and speak . chambermaid no -- no -- there be no one here . ( she replace the receiver ) at that moment , the inspectress , a large stout woman , appear at the open door . inspectress ( to Chambermaid ) you be late ... what have you be do ? chambermaid ( grumble ) everyone -- all the time say , ' come back - come back . ' they will not get out of they room . the inspectress , in a very businesslike way , proceed around the room , come nearer and nearer the Baron . she be look at ashtray and run she finger over the woodwork look for dust . she try the door to the next room , to see if it be lock . telephone bell ring again . inspectress pick it up quickly . inspectress no , Madame grusinskaya be not here ... the western theater ?... no ... suddenly , out of scene , we hear the voice of suzette . suzette be call out to the night clerk in the passage . suzette' voice have you see Madame ? clerk voice ( replying ) be not she at the theatre ? suzette come in and hurry to telephone . suzette hello , hello , Mr. pimenov ? yes ... Mr. pimenov , have they find she ?... no , she be not here ... yes , I be at the hotel . intercut with the Baron watch . grusinskaya's balcony during this action the inspectress have wave the chambermaid out of the room . Business ad lib . meierheim enter , he have hear the word ' pimenov ' on the telephone -- he take the receiver from suzette . meierheim ( into telephone ) pimenov ?... what 's happen ?... no , I have not find she . be desprez dance ?... how be it ?... oh , all right . keep the show go . ( bang down receiver ) wait till I see she , she will pay for this -- this little trick be go to cost grusinskaya a suit for breach of contract . suzette Madame be ill -- she nerve ... meierheim her nerve ... what about my nerve ?... who be she anyway ? where do she think she be -- Russia ? that day have pass . he turn and see grusinskaya stand at the door . she be in costume , very pale , very beautiful . her coat , over one shoulder , be rag , she let it drop and move slowly into the center of the room . her hair , dress for the dance , make - up be on she face -- she be breathless . suzette Madame -- meierheim well ? grusinskaya I want to be alone . the other woman in the room draw out , leave suzette to pick up the robe that have fall to the floor . meierheim where have you be ? suzette should I -- do madame wish ... grusinskaya suzette , please go , I want to be alone . suzette obediently cross to door and pause on threshold , wait for meierheim . meierheim approach grusinskaya . meierheim I suppose I can cancel the Vienna engagement . grusinskaya I wish to be alone . meierheim you will be very much alone , my dear madame . this be the end . ( he stamp out ) suzette , with a frighten look through the door , close it on meierheim 's exit . during this scene , intercut shot of baron . it be some time before grusinskaya move . she cross to door -- turn the key -- take the key out of the lock and throw it away from she -- out upon the floor . she cross slowly to the mirror , regards herself , silently . we hear the strain from preysing 's radio play a light viennese waltz . grusinskaya begin suddenly to sob . flash of baron watch she . grusinskaya quite suddenly -- as if with resolution she begin to undress . then she become weary again . with a garment in she hand , she move slowly toward the curtain -- where the Baron be stand . baron we see he tense himself . grusinskaya she drop the garment listlessly to the floor -- move out of scene . closeup of baron he peep around the curtain . CUT to : grusinskaya she be in a thin robe . she sit before mirror -- look steadily at she face . her head go down suddenly in she hand and we hear she say : grusinskaya the end -- over -- finish -- suddenly she move quickly across the room . go to bathroom . Baron half start out toward door . he watch -- dart across the room as if towards the door . he hear she come and dart quickly into the half open door of the closet . she re-enter -- carry a glass of water . she cross , place the glass down beside the bed -- she movement be quick and furtive -- then she cross , pick up the telephone -- ask for the theatre . grusinskaya the western theatre -- she leave receiver down -- cross quickly to mirror -- stand there and brushes back she hair -- cross back to telephone speak : grusinskaya western theatre ? she glance up at the clock . grusinskaya the stage -- Mr. pimonov -- the ballet master ... grusinskaya -- hurry -- hurry . again she put the receiver down -- pick up a pencil she commence hastily to scribble a note . she write frantically . her other hand go up and pick up the receiver . grusinskaya yes -- yes , I be wait . she finish the note -- commence suddenly to speak into the telephone -- grusinskaya hello , pimenov ? -- I be at the hotel . I could not go on -- I could not ... no , no do not -- ( long pause ) ... just alone ... good night , good night , my dear -- goodbye ... pimenov , how be it go , badly ?... uh ?... who 's dance ?... desprez ?... oh -- and how be it ?... oh , -- oh , I see -- they do not miss I ?... they do not miss I . ( she let she hand drop with the receiver and go on talk into the air ) they do not miss I -- good night , pimenov ... she be about to replace the receiver . she sit with it in she hand , unreplace . the music have stop . the room be strangely silent . behind she the Baron peer from the closet . her head sink down upon she hand . a funny , sing noise come from the telephone . she lift the receiver to she ear . in a very strange voice , the voice of opehlia , she speak : grusinskaya ( with great humility ) oh -- I be sorry , yes ... I have finish . ( she replace the receiver ) the forego scene be much better play than describe . it be in fact , ballet . quite calmly , grusinskaya finish the note on the table . she fold it up and place it in a prominent place on the table , or hang it over the telephone . she cross to the window pull back the curtain -- the Baron have be hide behind a few minute before . we see the Baron watch . he glance at the door quickly . " no , there be not time . " she be return calmly . she cross to the dress table and take the veronal out of a drawer . she look at it thoughtfully , she lip be tremble a little . she move to the radiator as if to seek warmth . she sink into a chair and she head droops over she fold hand which contain the veronal , she seem to pray . the Baron come from the closet -- now be he chance , he look at the door but can not make it . look on the floor for the key which grusinskaya have previously throw there , he eye fall upon the note on the telephone -- he read it . it be a death farewell note to suzette -- do not insert it . at this moment she have finish , the Baron return to he hide place . she make the sign of a cross and go to she bed . she look around nervously , apprehensively -- like a deer who have hear something , then reassure . she place the veronal on the night table beside the glass of water . she be quiet and deliberate . she arrange the pillow under she head and lie down . she reach for the bottle of veronal and empty it generously in she hand . she have to lean away upon one elbow , from the Baron 's position , in order to balance herself . the Baron step like a cat from he hide place . he go to the bedside noiselessly and stand there . she reach for the glass -her hand stretch out for the glass . the Baron take she wrist suddenly . she turn quickly look at he . the glass fall to the floor with a crash and break . as she move , the veronal fall out of she hand upon the bed . she struggle up to a sit position . baron please , do not be alarmed , madam . she glance up at he . she be bewilder . she seem to be come out of a trance . again she want to jump from the bed . baron careful -- there 's break glass on the floor . now she become conscious of almost nakedness . she draw she kimono tightly around she , glance across the wide expanse of bed . we see she consider pass over that way , but she be now a woman again -- a woman of the earth -- it would be a silly movement . baron there . ( take a pillow from the bed throw it upon the floor over the glass , step back ) she get up quickly and cross , put on she robe which be lie across the back of a chair . her first movement be not one of alarm but of -- shame . she draw she robe more closely around she and look at the Baron puzzle . she think , dreamily , " what be this ? " she glance back at the veronal and the bed show we plainly that this man must have watch she preparation for bed . we get a sense of relief with she . she be tremble . the Baron have control he nerve perfectly . he sense he danger . he be catch red-hand with five hundred thousand mark worth of pearl in he pocket . he be wonder if she will ring the bell . for a instant he think of escape . he could dash for the balcony . he could strike she dead or silence she with threat . there be in the room a intoxicating sense of romance and danger . ( it should be in the scene . ) baron please do not be frighten , madam . grusinskaya ( after a silence ) what do you want here ? baron nothing -- only to be here . grusinskaya why do you hide in my room ? baron but surely you must know -- because I love you . grusinskaya because you love I -- you love I ? she look at he for a few moment and then suddenly she throw herself upon the bed and begin to weep more and more passionately . baron ( go over to she ) poor little grusinskaya ! do it do you good to cry ? be you afraid ? shall I go ? grusinskaya I be so alone -- always alone -- and suddenly you be there and say that . ( sit up ) no. I be not afraid . it be strange . baron do not cry -- it tear my heart to see you sob like that . grusinskaya ( regain control ) nerves -- just nerve . you must forgive I . I have have a bad evening . I be very tired . do you know what it be to be tired -- tired of a routine existence ? baron I be afraid not -- I usually do just what I feel like do at the moment . a look in he eye remind she of the strangeness of the situation . she rise with return dignity and pull she robe around she -- she be become the grusinskaya of Imperial Russia ; she be the woman Grand duke have fight for . she sweep across the room . grusinskaya so you feel like come into a lady 's room -- and you come ... what now ? baron ( follow she ) I would like to smoke a cigarette . grusinskaya certainly . she get she cigarette box from the write table and hold it out to he . he take a cigarette and light it . she watch he curiously . she smile , as she watch he greedily inhale the smoke . she cross and sit before she look glass . she brushes she hair back and powder she face . she look into the mirror , we feel that she have regain a desire to live . he cross and look at she in the mirror . he smile . grusinskaya why do you look at I like that ? baron I do not know you be so beautiful ... and -- grusinskaya ( bitterly ) and then --? baron no irony . you be so appeal -- so soft -- so tired . I feel like take you in my arm and not let anything more happen to you -- ever . grusinskaya ( involuntarily close she eye ) and -- and -- baron how tired you be ! grusinskaya yes -- tired ... baron so alone . grusinskaya alone . all alone . ( whisper in Russian ) oh , you strange -- strange creature . baron you must not talk Russian to I . grusinskaya strange man ... baron be I quite strange to you ? grusinskaya not quite strange now . it be as if I have be expect you . you know , once when the Grand Duke be alive , I find a man hide in my room -- a young officer -- baron and ...? grusinskaya he disappear . later he be find dead . baron I never know it be so dangerous to hide in a woman 's room when she 's alone . ( he embrace she ) grusinskaya go away . who be you --? baron a man who could love -- that be all , who have forget everything else for you . grusinskaya you could love I . it be so long since I have hear that word . nobody have love I for a long time . it be so icy - cold to be famous . one be so cruelly alone . how be it that you -- let I look at you . you hand . you eye . why could you love I ? baron I see you just now -- then I see you cry -- and now I see you in the mirror -- grusinskaya ... grusinskaya grusinskaya ... oh -- oh if you know how I slave and slave for grusinskaya -- for the success of grusinskaya -- for the triumph of grusinskaya ... and what be she now ? just someone who have find that on the day success cease life cease -- be you listen to I -- do you understand ? -- I want you to understand . baron yes -- I do understand . grusinskaya I think you must go now -- the key be on the floor . baron I be not go -- you know I be not go -- let I stay here ? grusinskaya I want to be alone . baron that be not so -- you do not want to be alone . ( he look back at the bed as if remember the suicide . ) grusinskaya I want to be alone -- baron no -- you do not want to be alone at all -- you be in despair before -- if I leave you , you would feel worse than you do before , you must not be alone -- you must not cry -- you must forget ... tell I that I can stay with you -- tell I . grusinskaya ( whisper ) just for a minute then . outside the distant noise of kringelein be hear -- baron what ? say it again -- I do not hear . she whisper . grusinskaya you -- man ... the way she say it , the word go home . it hurt he . she have look into he eye for a moment with a strangely melting and almost happy expression . she get up suddenly . ( note : the other side of the bed -- not where the glass be ) she reach with she foot for she slipper . she put one on . she can not find the other . Business as he get other slipper for she . he kiss she ankle and look up at she . she smile down . grusinskaya thank you -- you be gallant . ( she turn , she mood have change ) what a sentimental scene . grusinskaya weep be a sight worth see . it be many year since she do such a thing ... you frighten I -- badly . you be responsible for this -- painful scene . he watch she . the sound of she own voice reassure she . she be generate warmth . her cry have do she good , she speak quickly , volubly . grusinskaya the stage fray one 's nerve ... the discipline -- it 's so exact . discipline mean do what you do not want to do and take no pleasure in do . do you know what I mean ? have you ever experience the weariness that come from discipline ? baron I ? -- oh , no . I do only what I take pleasure in do . grusinskaya turn , she be graceful again . grusinskaya I see -- you do only what you take pleasure in do . you take pleasure in come into a woman 's bedroom and you come . you take pleasure in a dangerous climb onto a balcony , so you do it ... and what be you pleasure now ? baron ( naive as he say frankly ) I should like to smoke . she rise . she have expect something else . his reply strike she as chivalrous and considerate . she cross to the write table bring back she little cigarette box which she hold out to he . he take a cigarette and light it . she watch he curiously . she smile , as she watch he greedily inhale the smoke . she cross and sit before she look glass . she brushes she hair back and powder she face . she look into the mirror , we feel that she have regain a desire to live . he cross and look at she in the mirror , he smile . grusinskaya why do you smile ? baron because I can see something in the mirror that you cannot . my dear -- ( he pause suddenly ) grusinskaya what can you see ? baron you be beautiful ! grusinskaya no. baron beautiful but so sad . I do not know it be so dangerous to look into a woman 's bedroom . suddenly he stoops , take she shoulder in he hand and kiss it . a long tender and sincere embrace . her eye close . a tremor pass through she . suddenly he whole be be aware of she . she turn , rise and disengage herself . grusinskaya I think you have better go now . the key be on the floor . he glance back . he speak suddenly with a air of command . baron I be not go ... you know that I be not go ... do you think I could leave you alone here ? after that --? grusinskaya what ? baron the veronal -- you . I be go to stay here with you . grusinskaya I want to be alone . baron that be not the truth . ( he catch she wrist ) you do not want to be alone -- you be afraid of be alone -- I know you be afraid . I know you . you be desperate , just now , if I go away you will be more desperate than ever . say I be to stay with you ... say it . ( he almost shake she ) her head fall slowly on he breast . grusinskaya ( whisper ) for just a minute then . ( she pull away , cross the room , quickly to the door , with almost a cry . she look around for the key to the door ) no -- oh , no ! he cross quickly to she and hold she in he arm . baron just for a minute , grusinskaya -- outside the distant noise of kringelein and the doctor . front on shot of kringelein approach the camera with the Doctor . they be return from the bar and be pass grusinskaya 's room . the camera precede they . the Doctor be characteristically drunk . he be silent , tense , cynical . a distinct contrast to kringelein , whose soul be warm for the first time by alcohol . kringelein 's hat , the same , eccentric one , be twisted upon he head jauntily . the carnation be in he buttonhole . the camera back into kringelein 's room and pause , because the Doctor have pause at the door . kringelein oh , but Doctor . be not this wonderful . to live -- to live -- in the Grand Hotel . doctor ( with a deprecate gesture ) the Grand Hotel . kringelein oh , but Doctor . the music -- the champagne -- girl when they dance -- all the shine ice in that big silver thing -- that 's life -- doctor life ! -- Mr. kringelein , you be drunk -- good night . ( he leave ) kringelein ( to doctor ) but Doctor -- but the Doctor have go . kringelein re-enter he beautiful room . he cross to the mirror , regards himself . Business ad lib . he look at himself in the mirror and raise he hat . imitating the doctor , he repeat : kringelein Mr. kringelein -- you be drunk -- good night . he put he hat on the knob of the bed . he take off he coat , hold it up and carefully take the carnation out of he buttonhole . with the coat over he arm and the carnation in he hand he look around for a glass and some water which he see stand on the night table by he bed . he put the carnation in the glass , have fill it with water and then he eye fall upon he small group of medicine bottle . his demeanor change . he immediately become a thing of pain . he glance at he watch -- it be long past he medicine time -- he spirit droops -- he might almost be in pain . he pick up a small bottle and carefully count eight drop into the glass . he be about to take it , he smell it , a sudden impulse of well - be surge over he . he fling the medicine away . with a great wave of optimism he commence to sing the song that we have hear during the evening -- the chambermaid song - the preysing radio song -- the love song . he saunter around the room , undress . dissolve out : dissolve into passage his voice be still hear in the passage . row of shoe outside the door . the doze night clerk hear the voice and look up , startle . dissolve out : dissolve into a watchman with he clock , hear the voice . dissolve out : dissolve into a corner of doctor' room he be doze in a chair with he clothes on . he look up suddenly , hearing the voice . dissolve out : dissolve into preysing's room he be snore . the distant voice disturb he . he turn in he sleep . dissolve out : dissolve into grusinskaya's room a beautiful picture -- the distant voice -- shadow . baron' voice I have never be as happy . grus voice what do you say ? baron' voice I have never be as happy ! grusinskaya's voice say it again -- say it ! baron' voice I have never be so happy ! dissolve out : dissolve into kringeleinx room he be now dress in a absurd night dress . he cross to the bed , still sing , climb into the huge bed -- the great pillow . his hand go out -- he pull out the light . he might be a Emperor as he turn with a happy , tired sigh . distant clock chime . fade out : end of sequence " # 2 " sequence " # 3 " fade in : telephone room it be the first time we have see it . there be about eight girl very busy . Morning confusion . ( part to be write ) we pick up essential line as we pan down shoot at the girl face , assume the camera to be the board . girl one Grand Hotel -- good morning -- no , Baron von gaigern 's room do not answer ... yes , ... all right ... Baron von gaigern 's chauffeur call . camera pan to : girl three good morning , nine-thirty Doctor otternschlag ... no , Doctor , no message ... no , Doctor . camera pan to : girl five Grand Hotel -- good morning ... who be call madam grusinskaya ?... oh , Mr. pimenov . madam grusinskaya be not to be disturb , sir ... no , sir ... yes , sir -- the word pass down repeat . voice Mr. preysing 's call to one sixty two for today . camera pan to : girl EIGHT -- good morning ... Mr. preysing -- ( she plug through ) CUT to : conference room telephone bell ringing . General shot . gerstenkorn , a old business man and Doctor waitz , counsel for the saxonia organization be sit at a gree table , smoking and wait . gerstenkorn ( glance at watch ) nine-thirty , Mr. preysing keep we wait . schweimann ( who have return ) he like to play the great man . waitz ( glance at market report from table ) the preysing stock be hold its own today on the market . schweimann ask preysing what it 's cost he to keep it up . gerstenkorn and ask I what it 's cost we to hammer it down . waitz exactly . gerstenkorn if the preysing people get the Manchester contract , we shall certainly merge with the preysing company -- but if they have not they be ruin -- preysing will have to declare himself . waitz shhh -- here he be now . the door open and flaemmchen enter . she be agreeably surprised to see the room full of man . she like man . flaemmchen ( beam ) good morning , gentleman -- Mr. preysing will be here in a minute . Business of schweimann and flaemmchen . gerstenkorn , make note , glance at he watch again . door open suddenly . preysing ( enter ) good morning , gentleman . men good morning . preysing sorry I be late , I have be wait for justice Zinnowitz , my legal advisor . waitz oh -- ho -- you want legal aid against we ? -- the whole thing seem to I to be very simple . gerstenkorn very simple -- I have always like the way you dress , preysing -- English , be not it ? preysing ( disturb ) what ? gerstenkorn ( quickly ) they turn out marvelous material in Manchester . preysing Manchester -- yes . yes , yes , they do . yes -- now gentleman shall we begin at the beginning ? -- have we cigar -- water and everything ? flaemmchen , who have be busy prepare she little table for work be see in several closeup : schweimann ( with a wink to gerstenkorn ) Manchester be a very interesting city , do not you think so , preysing ? preysing ( stalling ) Manchester -- yes -- yes . a man in the textile industry naturally have to know Manchester . gerstenkorn there 's a lot of business to be do with the Manchester cotton company . they have the whole English market right in they hand . have you any connection with -- Manchester ? preysing ( quickly ) we have a good many connection in England , naturally . gerstenkorn I mean with the Manchester people ? preysing ( look at gerstenkorn impudently ) we be here to discuss we merger . naturally I can make no statement at this time . we must begin at the beginning . gerstenkorn ( winking at schweimann ) all right . preysing ( far-away commence to read he report ) since , on the eleventh of June , this year -- when the first negotiation for a merger between we respective firm be enter into -- both party have fully agree that this merger can result only in mutual advantage . intercut this speech , which if play by beery will be interesting , with signal , wink and sign between the other three man . gerstenkorn oh -- yes -- I beg you pardon ! preysing I be lay before you the last general statement of we concern . active capital , plant and machinery , raw material and finish product -- for instance -- mop rag -- gerstenkorn mop rag --! Business between preysing and flaemmchen find papers on ' mop rag ' report . gerstenkorn what we want to know about be Manchester . waitz yes , Mr. preysing -- that 's what we want to know . preysing I would like to wait for justice Zinnowitz , before I commit myself . gerstenkorn oh -- preysing , preysing -- preysing no water -- what a place ! gerstenkorn all you have to do be phone for it . flaemmchen , who be on she toe and busy every minute , rush to the telephone and give a order -- she conversation be hear over the conversation of the man in the room -- camera hold on flaemmchen : flaemmchen Water -- seltzer , three or four bottle and cigar -- good one . waitz I can see this session be go to be exhaustive . preysing now to proceed with the project merger , the advantage for the saxonia be so obvious ... gerstenkorn oh -- now let 's talk like adult . you want to tell we now a along story of what you factory can do . we know all that you could tell we and if you tell the truth it would not sound so good . when you first approach we ... preysing we do not approach you . waitz ( quickly look through the papers ) letter on file September fourteenth would show that you approach ... preysing ( snatching the document from he hand -- lose he temper ) it be not so -- this be a response to a tentative feeler of you own . gerstenkorn ( snatching the document violently away ) tentative my foot -- a month before this you old father - in- law come very privately and scratch at my door . preysing scratch -- ( he nearly choke ) we do not take the initiative . gerstenkorn of course you take the initiative . Zinnowitz enter the room . zinnowitz good morning , gentleman -- I see the conference be already underway . preysing oh , here you be , justice Zinnowitz -- I be at cross -purpose with this gentleman -- will you clear up the situation ? zinnowitz but the situation be perfectly clear , if you will allow I -- ( he clear he throat ) gerstenkorn how clear be Manchester ? zinnowitz foggy -- frightfully foggy , always , I be tell . ( to preysing ) have you say anything about Manchester , Mr. preysing ? preysing I can make no statement about Manchester at this time . zinnowitz well -- gentleman . there be dead silence for a moment -- he clear he throat , commence in almost the same tone as preysing . zinnowitz since , on the eleventh of June of this year -- when the first negotiation for a merger ... gerstenkorn ( over Zinnowitz 's voice -- with a sigh -- sit back ) thank God we be beginning at the beginning . zinnowitz ( stop suddenly -- take glass from he nose -- he be speak , not read ) as you remember it -- when you approach we ... gerstenkorn ( bang the paper down ) we do not approach you . preysing I know you do -- I say you do -- gerstenkorn and I say we do not . waitz and I know we do not . during all this commotion flaemmchen be pay no attention whatsoever . she be calmly spraying herself with a perfume atomizer and smile at a gentleman . the noise continue over she . CUT to : no scene 61 sequence omit from original script . grusinskaya's room the atmosphere have change , the sun shine . grusinskaya be recline on the chaise- lounge -- she chinese robe draw about she . she speak voluably . grusinskaya oh -- I be ambitious then -- ambition be in my blood -- no rest , no stop . we be drill like little soldier -- we dance in the school of the Imperial ballet , in St. Petersburg . I be little and slim but hard as diamond -- a duty machine -- no rest , no stop . and then -- I become famous and whoever be famous be alone ... but why should I be tell you this ? last night I do not know you at all -- who be you , really ? -- I do not even know you name . baron I be Felix benvenuto von gaigern . my mother call I flix . grusinskaya flix . -- and how do you live ? what kind of a person be you ? baron I be a prodigal son , the black sheep of a white flock -- I shall die on the gallow . grusinskaya really ? baron really , I have not a bit of character . none at all . grusinskaya no ? baron when I be a little boy I be teach to ride and be a gentleman -- at school , it be a monastery , I learn to pray and lie -- and --- grusinskaya and ? baron and then , in the war , to kill and hide . that 's all . grusinskaya and what do you do -- now ? baron I be a gambler -- I be run at large like a happy pig , devour anything of life that please I , I really belong in jail grusinskaya oh ! what a picture -- and what else ? baron ( seriously ) I be also a criminal and a hotel thief . ( he turn away ) grusinskaya that 's a silly joke . baron ( turn -- take both she hand ) please look at I . you must believe I -- you must believe that I love you -- that I have never know what love be -- until last night . ( he release she hand and turn away again . ) grusinskaya what be the matter ? he do not answer . grusinskaya flix ! the Baron take the pearl out of he pocket and lay they before she . baron there . grusinskaya ( with a little cry of pain ) oh -- ( in the silence grusinskaya put she head in she hand and think ) the Baron make a gesture as if to stroke she hair and then hold back . grusinskaya ( softly ) do you come here just -- just for that ? oh -- it 's horrible . pause . she be suddenly cold . grusinskaya you may keep the pearl -- I do not want they any more -- I will make you a present of they . baron ( passionately ) I do not want they now . grusinskaya ( break ) I will not denounce you . baron I know . grusinskaya so -- baron yesterday I be a thief -- but now , -- grusinskaya but now , you must go ... I give you the pearl . but now you must go --- baron I want money desperately -- can you understand ? -- that 's why I want the pearl . I be threaten -- I be desperately in need of a certain big sum of money . I have be follow you -- I have admire you . but I have force myself not to think about you -- last night , at last , I manage to come into you room and -- and now . grusinskaya ( softly ) and now ? baron I could not go through with it . ( he head go down into she lap -- he sigh : ) remarkable . his hand touch she hair -- tenderly . baron do you understand ? grusinskaya yes -- yes -- yes . there be a sudden knock at the door . grusinskaya quickly -- here . with a quick gesture grusinskaya beckon the Baron to the bathroom . he disappear into the bathroom . she open the door , after find the key and radiantly address suzette . grusinskaya good morning , suzette . suzette ( delighted to see she in a good mood ) good morning , madam . she put the coffee down on the table . charm piece of business as suzette , in put the coffee down on the table must necessarily push back the heavily crest cigarette case of the Baron . suzette madam have sleep well ? grusinskaya ( enthusiastically ) oh , yes , suzette . suzette madam will dress now , it be late . grusinskaya five minute , suzette , come back in five minute . I will ring . suzette yes , madam suzette know all about it . she be a french woman . she be pleased . suzette madam be beautiful this morning . as grusinskaya hurry suzette to the door she say : grusinskaya yes , suzette . suzette go out . quickly grusinskaya cross and fling open the bathroom door . the Baron come out . grusinskaya you must go now . as she speak the telephone go . she give the telephone a dirty look . telephone ring again . she pull he across to the telephone . grusinskaya there -- it begin . with a hand in he she lift the telephone receiver and speak . grusinskaya hello -- hello -- meierheim ? yes ... during this scene the Baron be touch she shoulder . a charming light moment . she continue to speak into telephone . his touch probably tickle she , she laugh -- quickly cover the receiver so that meierheim will not hear she laugh . grusinskaya ( to Baron ) no -- during this scene she be listen to meierheim . she frown suddenly -- grusinskaya what ?... cancel Vienna ?... be you mad ? we always have great success in Vienna ... certainly not . come here and see I ... yes ... good - bye . she turn to the Baron and they arm go around each other . the telephone ring again . grusinskaya ( quickly ) there -- the day begin ... I must go to rehearsal . she let the telephone ring . baron grusinskaya -- grusinskaya yes . baron you do believe that I really love you ? grusinskaya yes -- if I do not believe that , I would die after last night . baron I want to be good to you -- madly good . grusinskaya suzette will be back here in a minute . baron I will go -- good -bye . grusinskaya shall I see you again ? baron I -- telephone bell ring again . grusinskaya suzette will be back here any minute . baron when be you leave Berlin ? grusinskaya very early in the morning . baron for Vienna ? grusinskaya can not -- can not you -- could not you come too -- I think it would be better -- for we -- for we both . baron oh -- yes but -- later . grusinskaya why later ? baron I have no money now -- I must get some first -- I must get some . grusinskaya I will give you what you need -- I have money . baron oh no -- that would spoil everything . I will -- I will manage somehow -- I will manage myself . I will go with you . when do the train leave ? grusinskaya six twenty - seven in the morning ... but the money ? baron never mind -- I will get it . I have a whole day . I will be on that train . they move towards the door . grusinskaya I shall dance and you will be with I and then -- listen -- after that you will come with I to Lake como , I have a villa there . the sun will be shine . I will take a vacation -- six week -- eight week . we will be happy and lazy . and then you will go with I to South America -- oh ! telephone start ringing . grusinskaya you must go now . be careful on you way to you room . baron I will go . -- I love you . ( he kiss she ) I will be on that train . I will get the money . she hold he back . the telephone be ringing . grusinskaya do not do anything foolish -- I be alarmed about you . baron do not worry . I will be on the train . ( he kiss she ) he leave . alone with the telephone bell ringing , grusinskaya breathes deeply , stretch herself . she go to the glass and look at herself -- smile . happily she take the pearl , kiss they , drop they into the casket -- pick up the telephone . grusinskaya ( speak into telephone ) yes , pimenov ... yes ... where be you , in you room ? come , I will see you now ... hurry . she rise from the telephone flutteringly , she be hum a tune . she cross to the mirror , pull back she hair happily , she be indeed young . suzette be put out a dark dress . grusinskaya not that dark dress -- something light -- bright -- it 's a sunny morning , suzette . suzette happily glance at she . there be a knock at the door . grusinskaya come in . ( sing ) pimenov enter , before he can speak -- grusinskaya good morning , pimenov . pimenov ( a little puzzle at change in she ) good morning , gru -- you -- before he can start speak of last night she quickly speak : grusinskaya pimenov , I have a idea -- a new ballet -- it must have mad music -- I will explain it to you later . but now , hurry to the theatre -- I want full rehearsal -- property -- full ballet and some musician . hurry -- quickly . I will be there -- during this scene grusinskaya have not look at he , she be busy in the glass . Nice photography on hair and face . side scene between suzette and pimenov , as suzette show he the cigarette case on the table . as he go through the door grusinskaya cross and almost sweep suzette to the door with he . pimenov gru -- you be positively radiant . grusinskaya yes , pimenov. ( quickly to suzette ) one minute , suzette , I will call you . they leave . grusinskaya shut the door . she sweep happily to the telephone . grusinskaya ( very very softly - she voice be like music to operator ) hello -- will you -- will you get I Baron von gaigern , please ... yes ... Baron von gaigern -- yes ... while she wait , she move with a sense of dance . grusinskaya ( again into telephone ) will you get I Baron von gaigern , please ... ( she speak quietly ) cherie ... yes ... it be you ... nothing ... good morning , good morning , cherie ... nothing ... no ... just to tell you I be happy . fade out slowly : bring music up . end of sequence " # 3 " sequence " # 4 " ext . HOTEL - sign Music effect over sign " Grand Hotel . " precisely the same angle as before . the sign light . dissolve to : lobby - by senf's desk the music come up on the dissolve into the original key shot of the lobby . senf be busy . the Baron 's chauffeur be stand impatiently by he desk . Business ad lib of senf . he turn to the chauffeur who be barring the way of a important look alien . senf step back please . chauffeur make no effort to move . against the normal busy , happy traffic of the evening he be a sinister figure . he do not move but glare at senf . senf I have tell you three time -- Baron von gaigern be out . chauffeur do he leave any message for I ? senf no , he do not -- there be no message . this whole scene be play in a very low key , almost in a whisper , it be interrupt by the entrance of the Doctor . doctor ( to senf ) any letter ? senf no , doctor . during this short scene the chauffeur saunter off . kringelein come to the doctor . kringelein oh , Doctor , such a day -- such a day ! they move away from the scene . kringelein 's voice diminish as the camera move follow the chauffeur . the chauffeur saunter unthoughtfully past the florist shop and out of the door . as we pass the florist shop we see the back of the Baron in the shot . camera pan chauffeur out to door . he have not see the Baron in the florist shop . the camera pan back to florist shop wait for the Baron who emerge carry he usual box of orchid . camera follows baron back to senf 's desk . Key shot . baron ( to senf ) madam grusinskaya . senf ( take the flower and hand they to clerk ) for madam grusinskaya . clerk ( to page boy ) madam grusinskaya -- at once -- senf ( to Baron ) you chauffeur 's be wait , Baron . baron ( quickly -- shortly ) all right . ( he glance around apprehensively ) kringelein be speak to the doctor . the Baron approach they . kringelein Baron , we must have go a hundred mile a hour , at least ... baron yes , quite . kringelein ( to doctor ) we have be together all day ... and in a aeroplane . doctor life be change you , Mr. kringelein . kringelein yes , thanks to the Baron . the best shop , the very best . look , Doctor , silk -- feel so nice on the skin ... a London hat , see -- make in England , that 's silk , too -- fifty mark ... look , the price be on it . that be half my salary before . the Baron be a very fine gentleman -- no one in my life have be so nice to I as the Baron . the Baron smile . he slap he gauntlet on he dusty coat . baron I be go to change and we will meet for a drink in the yellow room . kringelein in the yellow room , where the music 's play and the lady be ? baron ( amused ) where the music 's play and the lady be ... the Baron leave . doctor no pain , Mr. kringelein ? kringelein pain ? oh , no , Doctor . I think if I have pain I would be too happy to notice it ... note : find cut here . while kringelein be talk , they move away from the camera . CUT to : flash of baron' room the Baron enter , throw he glove down on the bed , turn up the light , pick up a piece of paper that 's be push under the door , glance at it . flash insert of the paper in scrawl : " I have be waiting all day . will be outside or at the garage . " " S " CUT back to : baron we again see the apprehension on the Baron 's face . he cross , close the window . as he do so we hear the noise from the conference room . bring up noise from the conference room . CUT to : conference room we must have the feel that this man have be argue all day . cognac bottle , cigar end , selzer water , remain of some sandwich . in other word it be a business battlefield . preysing be draw and tired . Zinnowitz be on he foot . flaemmchen be fast asleep in she chair , make a pretty picture . zinnowitz ... and let I say again for the tenth time ... ( he be hoarse and tired ) ... you people be quite ready for the merger . you declare yourselves ... fully agree on all the term -- why should the signing of this article be suddenly hold up ? gerstenkorn I have admit that at one time we have reason for desire the merger -- what reason have we now ? the preysing company have fallon upon evil day , very evil day . preysing jump to he foot . preysing evil day -- I have show you here -- ( he bang the paper ) -- my company export to the balkan alone , sixty - five thousand mark worth of mop rag a year . gerstenkorn mop rag -- mop rag -- we be interested in something quite different ! preysing what ? schweimann ( to gerstenkorn -- with a sigh ) shall I tell they again ? gerstenkorn ( glance at he watch ) why waste time -- it 's get late . schweimann you see -- what we be interested in -- gerstenkorn ( interrupt ) ah , come on -- we be go home . due to the long tedious session the man 's collar be wilted . zinnowitz ( rise ) Mr. preysing have too scrupulous a regard for certainty ... gerstenkorn you have talk enough today , you be hoarse now . important closeup of preysing his hand go to he pocket . slowly he take out the telegram and glance at it . the follow scene be play over this closeup . gerstenkorn sorry , preysing . ( he get he hat ) preysing ( nervously ) you have decide against the merger ? gerstenkorn yes -- preysing then , it 's all over ? gerstenkorn yes -- waitz ( to Zinnowitz ) well -- well -- you could call my office . there be a general movement to go . flash of telegram tremble in preysing 's hand . " deal with manchester definitely off . " general shot of room gerstenkorn cross to preysing . gerstenkorn Goodbye , preysing , I hope you pull through . this be a very bad time to be in such a crisis . we have ... preysing ( interrupt ) why talk -- it 's over -- it 's over -- it 's finish . you have break off negotiation . you do it . you be call they off . you have nothing on you mind all day , but Manchester , -- Manchester -- Manchester . ( he develop almost a passion ) you do not suppose for one moment that I be such a fool as not to have something that I could say definitely about Manchester . ( he be generate almost a passion ) gerstenkorn what ? preysing oh no -- no -- the session be over . let 's go , it 's off . thank you , gentleman . ( he start pack up he papers . ) gerstenkorn if you actually have news from Manchester then ... preysing gentlemen , I be now free to announce ... ( he be perspire , he hand be tremble ) ... that the deal between my firm and the Manchester cotton company have be successfully negotiate . gerstenkorn preysing , you be joke with we . schweimann you be a deep one . quick closeup of zinnowitz general shot of room gerstenkorn in that case give we the article . we will sign at once . we know all the detail ... preysing ( smile , slowly fold up the telegram and put it back in he pocket ) I think we would suspend negotiation , gentleman . gerstenkorn under this circumstance it 's quite a different matter . preysing under this circumstance we might refuse to sign . by this time , waitz and Zinnowitz have the article out upon the table . preysing be perspire . gerstenkorn put he arm around preysing 's shoulder . gerstenkorn come on -- business be business -- come on -- preysing stand , look ahead of he . gerstenkorn pick up the papers glance at they , look at waitz . flaemmchen be awaken . gerstenkorn here 's my signature -- here preysing , sign here . zinnowitz what a session this have be . while preysing be signing . schweimann it 's twenty - five to six . waitz we should celebrate this with a bottle of wine . gerstenkorn ( with he hat and coat ) see you soon , preysing . next week we will meet and discuss further detail . preysing next week . hasty hand - shaking , business of exit . waitz , gerstenkorn and schweimann out . preysing have not move . Zinnowitz take the agreement and wave it in the air to dry the signature . preysing ( to himself ) next week . zinnowitz you let I talk till I be hoarse and you have Manchester sew - up all the time . why ? preysing do not answer . Zinnowitz amiably shrug he shoulder . zinnowitz well -- the deal have be put through . preysing commence to laugh suddenly with increase violence . preysing yes , it have be put through -- it have be put through . during this scene , flaemmchen have rise , pile up she papers , glance at she watch . during this action flaemmchen motion to Zinnowitz that she be go down to dance , etc. , preysing be unaware of this action . flaemmchen leave the room try not to attract attention . zinnowitz ( to preysing ) what 's the matter with you ? preysing ( hysterically ) bluff -- bluff -- all bluff . zinnowitz what 's bluff ? preysing ( throw the telegram on the table ) that . zinnowitz ( read at out loud ) ' deal with Manchester definitely off ! " preysing , oh -- I would never have think it of you . preysing no one would have think it of I . I have be get rusty in fredersdorf . well , if bluff be what the world want I guess I can put up as big a bluff as anyone . from now on ... ( he turn away ) zinnowitz you must go to Manchester at once yourself and really see it through . preysing yes -- I must go to England -- I be desperate -- now I do not care -- this sort of thing go to a man 's head . zinnowitz what you need be some relaxation . preysing yes -- that 's what I want -- I would like to tear loose -- I would like a drink . I would like to go down to that dance place . I would like to start something . zinnowitz I can understand that -- after you -- uh -- preysing say it -- say it -- my lie -- it 's the first time in thirty year that I have ever ... where 's that stenographer ? miss flaemm ... zinnowitz what do you want with she ? preysing I want to see she , I want to do some dictating -- report of the conference for my father - in- law . zinnowitz she have a engagement in the yellow room at five o'clock -- she be in a hurry . preysing Zinnowitz , would you say she be pretty ? zinnowitz pretty as a picture . preysing let 's go down and find she -- I need a drink -- come along Zinnowitz . ( he be pick up papers ) I do not know anything about woman -- be marry for twenty - six year . zinnowitz bluff do it , preysing , bluff do it . goodnight . preysing be very excited , they start to leave -- at that moment the telephone ring . preysing aeh ! he cross to the telephone . preysing ( into telephone ) hello ... father-in-law ?... be that you ?... the agreement be sign -- I do it ... yes , father - in-law ... but now I must go to Manchester . when he pick the telephone up he hand be shaking -- dissolve hand into : cocktail shaker -- which shake more . Music crash up -- dissolve out : dissolve into bar kringelein and the Doctor be just enter . kringelein be change . his hair have be cut short and he moustache be go , he look almost saucy . doctor ( to barman ) barman -- whiskey -- ( to kringelein ) for you , Mr. kringelein ? kringelein for I ? -- oh , please , something sweet and cold . barman a Louisiana flip , sir ? kringelein a Louisiana flip , that sound very nice -- sweet , eh ? -- during the follow speech kringelein keep reach for the moustache that be not there . he be thoroughly happy . doctor what do you do in the Grand Hotel ? eat -- sleep -- loaf around -- do business -- flirt a little -- dance a little . a hundred door to one hall and nobody know anything about the person next to he . when you leave another take you room and lie in you bed -- the end . at that moment flaemmchen enter . flaemmchen good evening , Mr. kringelein -- where 's the Baron ? kringelein I be wait for he here . the Baron and I have be together all day . a hundred mile a hour -- in a motor car -- and in a aeroplane -- it be marvelous -- flaemmchen Mr. kringelein -- how you have change , you look so nice . kringelein oh , thank you , miss flaemm . oh , please , miss flaemm -- permit I , miss flaemm , will not you have something sweet -- a Louisiana flip . ( to barman ) a Louisiana flip . flaemmchen ( to barman ) no - absinthe . kringelein ( amaze ) yes -- that -- kringelein be beat time to the music -- a little carry away . flaemmchen laugh . flaemmchen you like music ? kringelein yes -- it 's stimulate -- a man might -- flaemmchen ( mischievously ) a man might what ? kringelein I do not know -- I would like to do anything -- flaemmchen ( very quietly ) oh -- you would ! the Baron enter quickly . baron ( to flaemmchen ) hello -- sorry I be late . kringelein oh -- here you be , Baron . a drink -- a Louisiana flip ? baron hello , Mr. kringelein . how do you feel now ? kringelein a little strange , Baron . flaemmchen I would give you up . baron ( to flaemmchen ) sorry . kringelein a drink , Baron -- a Louisiana flip ? baron no thanks -- keep my head clear . flaemmchen dance then ? ( they exit ) kringelein ( to Doctor ) she 's beautiful -- be not she ? doctor ( to kringelein ) oh -- there be plenty of woman . baron and flaemmchen dancing flaemmchen what have you be do all day ? baron Chasing around . flaemmchen Chasing what ? baron money . they dance a few step , in silence . flaemmchen you be very different yesterday . baron yesterday -- yes -- that be yesterday . they dance into the crowd . CUT back to : bar doctor well , Mr. kringelein , be you get what you be look for ? kringelein what , Doctor ? doctor a masculine paradise -- drink , the lady , dance ... kringelein I have a very good opportunity , a young lady ask I to dance -- I ought to be able to dance , it seem to be very important . doctor you must learn as quickly as you time allow -- believe I Mr. kringelein , a man who be not with a woman be a dead man . kringelein have not you anyone -- have not you anybody -- you -- I mean -- be you all alone in the world . doctor ( quietly ) I be always alone -- I have be everything . kringelein everything ? doctor I be send as a military surgeon to South Africa . stink climate . taken prisoner . Home on parole not to fight . I be a surgeon in the great War till the end . grenade in the face . carry diphtheria bacilli in the wound until 1920 . isolate two year . ( pause ) I have be everything . the music have stop . CUT to : baron and flaemmchen on dance floor flaemmchen that be lovely . baron will you do I a big favor ? flaemmchen I will do anything for you . baron would you like to make a man happy ? flaemmchen ( quietly ) yes -- I would love to . baron then dance the next number with kringelein . flaemmchen why ? baron I feel sorry for he . flaemmchen you be not a bit like you be yesterday . baron I fall in love last night -- the real thing . flaemmchen oh -- there 's no real thing -- it do not exist . baron I think that , too -- but I find that it do . come along , dance with kringelein . flaemmchen anything for you . they move off . as they approach the bar , happily preysing push into scene , touch flaemmchen 's arm . preysing miss flaemm . flaemmchen hello ! preysing I must speak with you , miss flaemm . flaemmchen ( with the Baron ) presently , Mr. preysing . preysing it 's urgent . baron pardon I , the lady have urgent business here with I . preysing ( to himself ) insolent -- Berlin manners . at that moment kringelein have descend from the stool and cross to preysing . kringelein I wish you a very good evening , Mr. preysing . you be stay here , too , Mr. preysing ? preysing I do not know you . kringelein oh -- you must know I -- kringelein at the plant . Assistant bookkeeper , building C , room twenty - three -- third floor . flaemmchen ( quickly ) come and dance with I , Mr. kringelein . preysing I must speak to you , miss flaemm -- business . flaemmchen ( lightly ) tomorrow morning . preysing no -- now . flaemmchen do you gentleman know each other , Mr. kringelein -- Mr. preysing -- Baron von gaigern . they bow stiffly . preysing Mr. kringelein will be a good friend and not accept you invitation to dance . kringelein I could not think of not accept . preysing you say that you be employ by we in fredersdorf , and here you be in Berlin , indulge in diversion which ill befit you position and which be very much beyond you mean -- quite extraordinary , Mr. kringelein , I think we will look into you book . kringelein stand watch preysing , he eye narrowing . flaemmchen now , child , no fight -- save that for the office . let 's have we dance . ( she arm go around kringelein . they dance off ) preysing I will remember you , Mr. kringelein . baron oh , let the poor devil alone . preysing I do not ask you advice . the two man eye each other ; for a moment there might be a fight . baron I think it would be much better if you go away . preysing we shall see who remain here the longer . baron ( shrugging he shoulder ) as you will . preysing lean against the bar , order a cognac . the Baron turn he back to he , watch the dance . CUT to : faemmchen and kringelein on floor flaemmchen you must look at my face and not at the floor . kringelein yes . flaemmchen you be tremble . kringelein I never dance before -- in public . flaemmchen you dance splendidly . kringelein I be happy , miss flaemm . flaemmchen really ? kringelein for the first time in my life , I be happy . kringelein show sign of exhaustion . flaemmchen watch he quickly . flaemmchen let 's stop -- I be tired . it be obvious that she have stop because of kringelein 's distress . kringelein thank you , miss flaemm . they move back to the bar . preysing catch flaemmchen 's arm . preysing well now , miss flaemm , we can talk . kringelein some champagne , miss flaemm ? preysing you may go , Mr. kringelein . kringelein do the world belong to you , Mr. preysing ? preysing what be this insolence ? kringelein do you think you have free license to be insulting ? believe I you have not . you think you be superior , but you be quite a ordinary man . preysing go away -- go away . flaemmchen please -- please ! kringelein you do not like to see I enjoy myself . preysing who be you ? -- a embezzler most likely . kringelein a embezzler -- you be go to take that back , right here in the presence of this young lady -- who do you think you be talk to ? you think I be dirt , if I be dirt , you be a lot dirtier , Mr. industrial magnate preysing . preysing you be discharge . kringelein I ? preysing yes you -- shut you mouth -- get out -- you be discharge . kringelein 's hat have fall from the stool upon the floor . flaemmchen pick it up , brushes it . kringelein start to laugh . the Baron step into the scene . the Doctor slowly come from the bar . kringelein you can not discharge I -- I be my own master now -- at last . I be ill , I be go to die -- do you understand ? I be go to die very soon . nothing can happen to I now . nobody can do anything any more to I . by the time you can have discharge I I shall have be dead already . ( he laugh become a convulsive sob ) the Baron step between the two look straight into preysing 's face . doctor come , Mr. kringelein . ( he pull he out of the scene towards the bar ) preysing ( he fist clench , between he tooth ) the man 's insane -- he act as if he be glad he be go to die ... ( hesitates -- to flaemmchen ) I shall see you in the lobby in half a hour . end sequence " # 4 " sequence " # 5 " fade in : key shot of lobby over senf's head General activity . the house detective , later identify , be talk to the chauffeur . he leave the chauffeur and cross to senf . house detective better let he stay -- I have send for the Baron ... how 's you wife come along ? senf I be at the hospital all night walk up and down the corridor . they would not let I in to see she . she have the pain , but the child do not come and I have to stay here chain to this desk . house detective it will be all right . senf I hope so . at that moment preysing enter . preysing do you send that page ? senf the young lady 's there , sir . preysing glance off to see flaemmchen stand look around . preysing cross to flaemmchen . flaemmchen oh , yes , Mr. preysing ? preysing sit here . ( call to a boy ) cognac -- for you ? flaemmchen nothing . at that moment the Baron and kringelein pass . preysing glance up at kringelein as he pass . preysing I be go to keep a eye on that kringelein fellow . I will find out where he get the money to hang around the Grand Hotel . flaemmchen well -- you want I ? preysing ( look straight at she ) yes . flaemmchen well ? preysing I must go to England -- at once . flaemmchen well ? preysing you see , I would like to take a secretary with I for my correspondence and -- humm -- humm -- for company on the trip -- I be nervous -- I need somebody -- I do not know if you quite understand I . you say you have travel with gentleman -- and I mean -- flaemmchen I understand perfectly . preysing what do you think you salary would be -- for such a trip ? flaemmchen wait -- I must figure it up . ( she smoke and think ) first , I will need -- clothes -- shoe -- it 's cold in England in March , I will need a suit ... you would want I to look nice ? preysing of course -- of course . ( he be fidget ) flaemmchen a thousand mark -- ( she wait anxiously think it might be too much ) preysing it 's agree -- I will get a room here for you . she be look away . preysing I can get a room here in the Grand Hotel for you . she still look away . preysing can you pay some attention to I ? flaemmchen oh , yes . preysing ( look off ) insolent young cub ! flaemmchen you mean Baron von gaigern ? preysing Baron ! flaemmchen well , he 's a gentleman ! the baron who be lean against a chair by a pillar with kringelein . the camera approach they . they be not speak . the Baron be look off at : flash a shot from he angle of chauffeur saunter between the door and senf 's desk . back to : the baron he slump on the arm of the chair . kringelein ( watch he ) the Baron be tired ? baron no , kringelein , not tired , -- just -- ( he shrug he shoulder ) well -- well -- kringelein perhaps this evening , Baron , we could go to the casino -- the place we pass with the marvelous bright light ? baron I would like to kringelein , but I can not -- I be break ! kringelein break -- a Baron ? but , Baron -- the Baron look off , see the chauffeur -- CUT in : flash of chauffeur argue with senf . CUT back to : baron baron Excuse I , Mr. kringelein . ( he stride off ) keep the camera on kringelein as he watch the Baron . he take out he pocket - book and look at he money commence to count it . the think be in he mind of offer the Baron money . charm scene . CUT to : baron and chauffeur move into position . they be talk . baron ( quietly ) I have quit . chauffeur you can not . baron I be not go to get that pearl and neither be you . chauffeur what about the money ? baron I will pay you back . chauffeur how ? baron I have a idea work in my head ... ( he glance at kringelein ) chauffeur you might find a bullet through that head ... baron if you do that , you would get nothing except the police after you . if you wait -- I will give you you six thousand back -- at that moment a voice be hear . voice madam grusinskaya 's car -- madam grusinskaya 's car . it be pass along . inside porter ( call through he little telephone ) madam grusinskaya 's car -- megaphone ( outside ) madam grusinskaya 's car -- baron ( quickly to chauffeur ) later . ( chauffeur exit with bad grace . ) Baron look off ... full shot -- from he angle like a pageant grusinskaya sweep forward -- pretty shot . Music come up . grusinskaya be follow by suzette , pimenov and meierheim . people turn to look at she . she sweep forward . as she get to the door she face the Baron . she step quickly aside to he . pimenov and meierheim pause . grusinskaya ( to they ) go on please -- go on , suzette . she and the Baron be alone . baron ( quietly ) bless you ... grusinskaya be you come to the theatre ? oh -- I shall dance tonight -- how I shall dance -- I want to feel that you be in the theatre . baron I can not . grusinskaya no ? baron no ! I can not explain now . oh , look -- the pearl . you wear they now ... grusinskaya why do you think -- baron why ? grusinskaya they have bring I such good luck -- you -- he take she hand , kiss it quietly . grusinskaya I be worried about you . baron do not . grusinskaya on the train ? baron yes -- I will be on the train . grusinskaya till then . baron bless you -- during this scene kringelein have be hover nearby . as grusinskaya turn away and exit , kringelein approach the Baron , who be stand perfectly still , look off , -- he mind mile away . kringelein be the Baron joke , or be it really true that the Baron be -- in financial strait . baron ( lightly ) absolutely true , kringelein and I have to raise some money immediately . kringelein if the Baron -- if you would permit I -- the Baron look at he suddenly . baron what ? kringelein I would be awfully glad to oblige , you have be so decent to I . Three hundred ? baron if I could get into a game I might win some . kringelein gambling ! I would like that . I have over six thousand eight hundred mark with I . baron if we could scare up some man to play . kringelein we could come to my room . baron ( with enthusiasm ) good ! at that moment flaemmchen pass . baron go ? flaemmchen yes -- flaemmchen hesitates as though she want to say something that be on she mind . a curious little scene . she do not speak , she just turn suddenly through the door . the Baron glance after she a little puzzle , turn back to kringelein . baron ready , kringelein ? kringelein ready , Baron . they move off and be last in the crowd . fade out : end of sequence " # 5 " sequence " # 6 " no scene 88- 93 inclusive sequence omit from original script . dissolve into : kringeleinx room possibly ten man be gather about a green table . they be play card . there be champagne bottle , glass , etc. , on the table -- a great deal of smoke . good atmosphere . the game be [ ...] fer . there be a dead silence except for the monotonous word of the player . White face , the Baron have the bank . otternschlag be see to close the door quietly and approach the table . kringelein 's back be to we . they be smart people , not professional gambler . there be a tension in the room . the man be gather around tightly . we do not see the card . the follow voice be hear : baron' voice all right , gentleman . voice I play -- I play -- here -- up -- play -- kringeleinx voice yes -- I . several man glance at kringelein and the size of he stake . kringelein be that too much , Baron ? baron ( glance down at he own money ) no -- not at all . kringelein all right then . baron all right then . there be tension in the room . the Baron deal two card . kringelein take card . a man ( quickly ) do not show they . kringelein turn it down . he be like a little boy learn a new game . the Baron deal himself a card . kringelein ( to Baron ) what do I do now ? the Baron be serious . there be enough money on the table to take he to Vienna . a man ( next to kringelein ) turn them up . kringelein oh yes -- that 's right -- look ! I win , do not I -- ( he turn the card up ) the Baron rise . baron there you be gentleman . a man ( to kringelein ) will you take the bank , sir ? kringelein yes -- I will take everything gentleman -- please , let we drink -- champagne --- champagne be expensive and good . I be win more than I use to earn in a year -- double what I use to earn . ( he be count he money ) they hand he the card . kringelein kiss the Baron -- he look around . kringelein where be the Baron -- where be you , Baron ? at the side table the Baron be stand -- he be drink -- he face be white -- he have lose . kringelein ( rise quickly ) Excuse I , gentleman . doctor ( sit down in kringelein 's place ) I will take the bank -- all right , gentleman . kringelein have come to the Baron . baron that be my last . kringelein you have lose everything ? baron I have no luck . kringelein pardon I , Baron . permit I again ... ( he put bill in Baron 's hand . ) Baron pour out a glass of champagne -- he have be drink plenty -- he hand glass to kringelein . baron drink to I , kringelein -- it 's my last chance . kringelein ( earnestly ) I do drink , Baron -- I drink to you , Baron and to win . ( he drink ) it 's good , -- come along , Baron . they both move back to the table where the Doctor hold the bank . baron I take five hundred . kringelein all of that at once , Baron ? the Baron pick card , show they to kringelein who do not understand . baron eight . ( he be triumphant . ) doctor' voice ( ring in background ) nine . the Baron throw the card into the middle of the table and turn to kringelein : baron that 's it . the luck 's with you . ( he walk away . ) voice come along , Mr. kringelein . sit here . kringelein I be have luck for the first time in my life . a man you bank , Mr. kringelein . kringelein seat himself , put he glass of champagne down on the table . Doctor leave table , cross to Baron who be pour another drink . doctor out , Baron ? baron ( bitterly ) for a while -- I will recover -- in ten or twenty year . ( he point ) look at that . he have point and turn off because we hear kringelein 's voice : kringeleinx voice I have win again , Baron -- I have win again . Baron move out of scene follow by Doctor . as Baron approach table . kringelein Baron , I drink and win -- I drink and win -- I win and drink ! ( he be pull money towards he , count it , eagerly , frantically , not the movement of a miser , not a greedy movement , but the movement of a excited child liberated . money have become so much mad paper to he . ) during the forego scene , one of the man at the table have answer the ringing of the telephone bell , he come back now . a man there be complaint in the hotel about the noise . voice what time be it ? get late ? let 's break it up ! ( to kringelein ) you have be very lucky ... where 's my coat ? let 's go . he 's drunk anyway !... goodnight , Baron . let 's wind up the game , I be break and tired ; you can not play against he . I put my hat down here , somewhere . I think I will have a drink before I go . by the way , I have get to see you tomorrow morning . how have you be , Doctor ? Business ad lib . General business of slow normal exit . kringelein look up from count he money . he have be like a little boy with a Christmas stock . he look up suddenly , see man be leave -- kringelein oh , do not go , gentleman ! -- stay a while . ( he stand to he foot ) be my guest ! by this time the man be pause by the door . kringelein I ought not to presume , but I -- ( he be a little drunk ) I be so grateful to you -- it 's be so marvelous . the first time in my life I have gamble -- I have dance ! oh , you can laugh , gentleman , but it 's the first time in my life I have ever taste life ! a man ( slapping he on back ) splendid ! there be a general feel in the room that although this man be drunk he be terribly sincere , and that there be no wish to embarrass themselves or he . in fact , there be a nervous impatient movement among the man . but kringelein have reach a emotional pitch . kringelein life , gentleman , be wonderful , but very dangerous . you must have courage for it , then it 's wonderful . you gentleman do not know that because you be all healthy and happy , but I -- believe I -- a man must know death and not until then do a man know anything about life . a man ( sing ) rejoice in life while yet the small lamp burn . General noise among man , some be ribald , other be serious . two man come and shake hand with kringelein , bid he goodnight . the Baron put he hand restrainingly on kringelein 's shoulder . kringelein almost stagger towards the sideboard . the man be near the door . a man ( start sing ) it 's a short life and a gay one ... kringelein ( seize a glass of champagne ) every glass high to life -- the splendid , dangerous , mighty , brief -- brief life -- and the courage to live it . ( turn to Baron ) Baron , you know -- I have only live since last night -- but that little while seem longer than all the time before -- all the -- ( he collapse suddenly onto the floor ) Business ad lib . the doctor be there quickly . the Baron next . man drunk . another man poor fellow . General normal business ad lib between the man . perhaps three of they help he up , include the Baron . they carry kringelein to the bed . voice ( of player mingling ) drunk ? no , he 's ill . look ill . ( well pause over : ) he 's a doctor -- the doctor 's here -- he 's just drunk ! doctor gentlemen , this man be ill -- very ill -- if you will leave . voice certainly , Doctor . goodnight ! goodnight , Baron ! bad luck ! drunken man he 's not use to champagne -- why do he drink it ? Little comedy on exit . ad lib . intercut for relief -- kringelein 's face -- white , draw , tragic . one man , perhaps , remain . man can I help , doctor ? doctor no , the Baron will stay . baron certainly . man leave . during this scene the Baron have be carefully make kringelein comfortable on the bed , bolster pillow behind he head . kringelein 's eye be shut tightly , he hand be limp . by the business of the Baron , although we do not of course know it , this be the time that he take the wallet from kringelein and put it in he own pocket . we might perhaps remember a sudden turn away in which we see he back and he right hand raise as though reach in he inside pocket -- he stand look down at kringelein . doctor ( drop kringelein 's hand ) it will be over in a minute . kringelein 's eye flutter . his voice sound hoarsely : kringelein over -- over so soon -- it have just begin . ( he close he eye suddenly ) oh , the pain . doctor try and sleep , kringelein , do not be afraid . kringelein ( mutteringly ) I would like to live a little longer but -- I be not afraid to die -- I be not ... baron ( touch he shoulder gently ) you will be all right , kringelein . ( he move from the bed -- take out a cigarette , move to the table . he seize he drink ) kringeleinx voice ( out of scene ) my pocketbook ... my money in it ... doctor' voice what do you say -- what ? we watch Baron 's face , he look back over he shoulder . doctor' voice you what -- oh , be not it there ? kringelein be voice no -- but no I -- Baron , I have lose my pocketbook . Baron turn in this scene . he walk forward toward they . the Doctor 's hand be on kringelein 's coat . doctor there be no pocketbook here ... on the floor probably . ( he glance down ) kringelein ( start up suddenly ) more than fourteen thousand mark ... be in that pocketbook . doctor ( look at Baron ) fourteen thousand mark ... one can travel -- one 's happiness might depend on fourteen thousand mark -- do not you think so , Baron ? baron ( with a shrug ) quite possibly . at that moment , kringelein , who have be stare up at the ceiling , he hand clenching and reclenching , start up . kringelein oh , I have get to find it . doctor stay where you be . kringelein no -- I must find it -- ( he start talk ) fourteen thousand two hundred mark . ( he pull himself to the side of the bed ) the doctor go to restrain he . kringelein I be all right , Doctor . there 's no pain now -- only you do not know what that money mean to a man like I . he be suddenly on he hand and knee , crawl along the floor , look for it , like a little boy ; he drunkenness , he condition , make the situation tragic . he actually get under the card table . the Doctor look at the Baron . the Baron only watch kringelein . he follow he , fascinate . kringelein ( talk at interval as he crawl look for money ) you do not know , because you have never live like a dog -- in a hole -- and save and scrimp . my life hang upon that money , Baron . nobody give you anything . you have to buy everything and pay cash for it . I want to pay for my last day with that money . every hour cost money . I have nothing -- nothing but that pocketbook . ( he crawl along the floor on he hand and knee talk to the carpet as he look ) I must have it back . ( he pause breathless -- like a animal along the wall -- look up at the man ) the forego speech be intercut with the follow action in which kringelein 's voice be hear throughout -- thus it be not a long speech : the Baron watch . he throw he cigarette away -- he bite he lip -- sweat break out upon he forehead ; again he be a thief . when he want pearl the love of a woman stop he . now he want this money and pity , a slow grow pity for this tragic , die thing be stop he -- and all the time the Doctor watch . the one , whole eye pierce into the Baron 's melting conscience . twice during the speech at a spot , through and during rehearsal , to be select , the Doctor 's voice , dron but pierce , say : doctor he must find he money , Baron . ( next time ) Mr. kringelein should find he pocketbook , Baron , should not he ? this be two interjection . and now , kringelein lie upon the floor , a troubled little sack of pain , he head down . the Baron turn away . he bend down as though he be look for the pocketbook . we see he take it from he pocket and turn . there be a very light , almost triumphant ring in he voice as he say : baron here -- here it be . here 's you pocketbook , kringelein . kringelein ( he head come up ) oh -- yes -- that 's it -- you find it -- you find it for I , Baron . baron ( quickly ) goodnight , kringelein . ( he move towards the door . ) kringelein no -- no please -- oh , do not go -- do not go -- do not leave I alone , Baron . doctor you have nothing to fear , kringelein kringelein no . baron come , get up -- come let I help you . note : if he be a strong actor he can pick kringelein up -- if not , he and Doctor lift kringelein to bed . baron you be all right now -- it 's very late -- goodnight , kringelein . kringelein oh , no , stay here , Baron -- stay . Baron bite he lip . it be the first and only time in the play that we see a tear near -- the strong man almost break . doctor' voice goodnight , Baron . baron goodnight . ( he hand press on kringelein 's shoulder -- he exit ) CUT out into : corridor Baron shut door and pause . in front of he be the door of the woman he love . down beyond be he own empty room . in he pocket nothing . in he closeup he make the audience feel he problem with he . this man who have live and whistle and love through the play become a tragic , lonely , harrass figure . the Baron have break . his fist dig into he eye -- he brushes he hair back . over this come with almost a impertinence , a tiny whistle . he look up and away down the corridor . the figure of flaemmchen stand there , a small black bag in she hand . the Baron pull himself together and smile characteristically . he walk down the corridor . baron flaemmchen , what be you do here in the middle of the night . flaemmchen look for my room -- one sixty - six . baron you live here ? flaemmchen for tonight . ( she point to door -- she look at he a long time ) baron oh ! flaemmchen yes -- oh ! baron well -- such be life , flaemmchen . flaemmchen and Baron , thanks so much for everything . they both go into they respective room . here be we two gay young character . the gay , fresh flaemmchen and the debonair Baron , crucify for lack of fund . both try to smile , both try to be light about themselves . yet , each about to involve themselves tragically for the want of a little money . flaemmchen room flaemmchen enter she room cautiously . except for one lamp burn the room be in darkness and empty . from the adjoin door to preysing 's room a thin stream of light . she put down she bag quickly , tiptoe through the bathroom to he door . she peep through . CUT to : flash of preysing's room from she angle . preysing stretch on bed flat , he stomach a mountain and on it the magazine that he have be read with flaemmchen 's picture . he be look at the ceiling . she know he be awake because a thin stream of smoke come from he cigar in he hand . flash of flaemmchen a idea occur to she . she could possibly sneak into bed and he would go to sleep and there would be nothing that night . camera follows her as she tiptoe to she room . she close the door noiselessly and listen . she throw off she hat and take off she coat . open she bag and take out night dress , lingerie , etc . the lid of she bag fall suddenly . she start at the noise . " have it awaken he . " she look off . shot at bathroom door the thin stream of light be fill suddenly , the door of the adjoin room open and back - light from the other room the huge form of preysing appear . in this odd lighting he be a little more than preysing . he come forward . he speak hoarsely , quietly . preysing flaemmchen ! ( he seize she to he ) she go to he arm passively . he rub he face in she hair . she be passive -- cold . preysing ( breathlessly ) you be late . I have be wait for you -- wait . flaemmchen I have to arrange about the trip . preysing you be sweet . flaemmchen you think so ? he hold she again , try to kiss she . she deliberately avoid he kiss . preysing ( awkwardly ) come here . ( he sit heavily on the bed , sit on she night dress . ) flaemmchen here , hold up ! preysing rise while she pull she night dress from under he . he draw she to he . flaemmchen oh -- careful , Mr. preysing . preysing call I -- do you know -- would you -- would you like to call I by my first name ? flaemmchen ( pull away , glad of a excuse for conversation ) oh , no . preysing why not ? flaemmchen I could not do that , you be a stranger to I . preysing you be a funny little creature , flaemmchen . I can not make you out . flaemmchen it 's not funny at all . one can not get intimate just off hand . I could go to England with you and everything like that -- suppose I meet you next year and I say : ' how do you do , Mr. preysing ! and you say : ( she imitate he ) ' that be the young lady who be my secretary in Manchester ' . preysing laugh . she laugh . flaemmchen that 's all quite proper . ( she be happy again . she would rather talk than be squeeze ) but suppose I meet you when you be with you wife and I call out : " hello you big baby -- remember Manchester ? ' and you with you wife , how would you like that ? there be a pause for a moment . preysing please , flaemmchen -- we will leave my wife out of this . flaemmchen yawn straight in he face . flaemmchen all right . I will get undress -- get out . he move towards the window which be open . she push he fat body out , almost playfully , through the door and onto the balcony . preysing stand out on the balcony . he look down in the street below , then off . he start suddenly because he see a shadow over the railing of he own balcony . he be puzzle . shadow cross again . " who can be in he room ? " he move forward and peep through the window . one side of the french window be close . from he angle we see the Baron furtively search the room . he be now wear a overcoat , the collar be turn up . Business ad lib . he find preysing 's wallet . he stuff this in he overcoat pocket . preysing 's face watch he . as Baron turn to exit , preysing surge forward , pull the window after he . the two man face each other . preysing aha ! -- the Baron . what do you want here ? baron I must have make a mistake . preysing make a mistake -- remarkable . we shall soon see if you make a mistake . ( the Baron start to leave . ) ( bellow ) stay here ... give I that money . the Baron hand he the pocketbook without a word . preysing so that 's how we stand , Baron . baron look here , sir -- I be completely at you mercy -- I be desperate -- it 's a matter of life or death -- I have to get some money -- tonight . preysing indeed you must , Baron -- you must . humm -- humm , but you must go to jail , Baron , you be a thief . baron be quiet . preysing I be go to call the police . I be go to watch you play the great Baron with the police . aristocrat ! aristocrat ! ( he pick up the telephone ) the Baron make for the door on the other side of the room , pull at the knob . preysing the door be lock , Baron . the Baron make one dive across the room . preysing grasp at he coat and tear it . with one hand hold the telephone , ( the receiver drop on its cord towards the ground ) and one hand hold the Baron . preysing ( into telephone ) hello ! hello ! -- baron do not do that . ( he try to snatch the telephone from preysing . ) preysing wrench the telephone suddenly away from the Baron . the action excite he . preysing Strike I , would you ? attack I would you ? attack I -- with a terrific lunge , preysing bring the telephone down upon the Baron 's head . the Baron sway , stunne . ( as in book ) . in he mad rage , preysing , hit again with the telephone . preysing I will strike you -- I will strike you -- I will strike you -- Strike I ! by this time the Baron be a heap on the floor . we see preysing come out of he blind trance . he even repeat again . preysing I strike you -- ( with telephone foolishly in he hand , he look down at what he have do . ) CUT to : downstair telephone room sharp sound of buzzing . doze night girl plug in , lazily . night girl yes -- yes -- Operator -- Operator -- ( she listen -- say to herself ) they be have a nice little game up there with the telephone . with nonchalance she flick plug out again , as she do so : CUT to : preysing's room New angle . preysing be on he foot . he have replace the receiver on the telephone , he be put it back slowly . he be terrify . door open behind he . flaemmchen , with a dress gown on , light , filmy thing , cross and look down at the Baron , without a word . preysing seize she . her hand go to she head , she eye roll ; for a moment we think she be go to faint right on top of the Baron . she be try to collect she sense , it can not be true . we can hear nothing but the heavy breathe of preysing and the traffic below . suddenly a motor horn in the street below sound strident , it be the first time we have be conscious of it . with a swift movement , flaemmchen dash towards the door . it be lock . she rush back as if to cut through she own room . he reach for she and rip she dress gown from she , leave she almost naked . he lunge after she . she tear through she own room . CUT to : corridor flaemmchen enter from she room . she look this way and that . after all , it be flaemmchen and not lillian Gish , run across the ice in " Way down East , " -- it be flaemmchen , a Berlin girl . she pause to try and clear she brain . " what the hell be this -- what be it . " the impulse naturally be to scream in alarm . she do not -- flaemmchen 's do not . she look around . at the end of the passage be kringelein 's room . she will go there . we watch she run down the passage uncertainly . without knock she push open kringelein 's door . CUT to : kringeleinx room it be in darkness . the only light come through the window . the form of kringelein lie prone upon the bed , the Doctor have just throw a coat over he . he be still in he trousers and shirt . like a ghost , flaemmchen , the shred of she filmy clothes hang to she , cross . flaemmchen ( hoarse whisper ) Mr. kringelein -- Mr. kringelein -- where be you ? she sweep to bed . she shake he . kringelein start up . flaemmchen Quick -- Mr. kringelein . kringelein oh -- what -- what -- ( he be look up at what seem to be a ghost . ) she pull on the light by the bed , it flame up on they face . kringelein oh -- oh , miss flaemmchen . it 's you -- flaemmchen Quick -- something awful -- awful have happen . go -- go at once , -- Mr. preysing -- kringelein preysing ? it occur to he that this girl with she tear clothes must have be roughly treat by preysing . he suddenly assume a strength . flaemmchen oh , do not wait -- go -- it 's awful -- it 's awful . she slide down to the floor , by the side of the bed . kringelein climb out of bed , try to help she up . kringelein stay here . she wave he away . flaemmchen do not wait now -- go -- preysing . kringelein assume suddenly a strength . he be a man for a crisis -- he forget that he be ever ill -- he leave . we go with he . CUT he down corridor quickly . he pause outside preysing 's door , uncertain of the room , then he knock . kringelein ( call ) Mr. preysing -- oh , Mr. preysing -- he feel there must be a mistake -- he step back , see flaemmchen 's door open next to it . he enter . CUT he through : flaemmchen room he enter . look around . look through bathroom . go quickly forward . CUT into reverse : preysing's room preysing be still lean against the table , he mouth be open , he be gape -- stunne . the two hundred and four pound have collapse and sag . he be stare , he victim lie -- a heap upon the floor , very still and quiet . his eye come around as kringelein enter . kringelein cross , look down . touches the Baron 's hand . kringelein oh -- the Baron -- the Baron . preysing he try to rob I -- he be dead -- kringelein my best friend -- poor , Baron -- dead -- just like that . preysing -- we must do something ... kringelein ( quickly ) yes , the police must be call . preysing no -- no -- wait -- the man be a burglar -- he be go to steal my money . kringelein oh , no -- no -- not the Baron . preysing ( suddenly ) where be that girl -- she be work with he -- she entice I into she room . kringelein her room -- oh -- I see , Mr. preysing -- I understand , Mr. General director preysing . preysing ( frantically ) I can answer for this , it be self - defense -- I can answer for this -- but that girl -- the scandal -- my wife -- my daughter , you know they ? kringelein yes , I know they -- preysing the scandal -- we be man -- you -- you could take that affair of the young lady upon yourself -- take she and hold you tongue . then you can travel -- I will give you anything -- anything -- she be with you . kringelein we must call the police , you excellency . preysing take he by the shoulder . preysing how much -- how much do you want -- you need money -- you have nothing . kringelein do not worry about I , Mr. General director pryesing -- worry about yourself . ( he pick up receiver ) there have be a murder -- this be room one sixty - four . CUT to : telephone room telephone girl plug in . girl hello -- hurry up ... hurry up ... someone in one sixty - four say there have be a murder . CUT to : hall porter the scene gradually grow intense . porter call night man . porter here - quick - here -- go to one sixty - four immediately . ( call back on telephone ) give I Mr. rohna -- rohna the manager . CUT to : rohna' room darken room . Bell ringing . rohna sit up in bed , turn on light , pick up telephone ; on he face we see he hear the news . rohna where ?... murder ?... who ?... all right , I be come . wait a minute . ( speak in a monotone ) instruct everyone to use the utmost tact -- we must have no scandal in the Grand Hotel . answer no question , I be come now -- inform the police . ( he replace the telephone commence dress quickly ) CUT to : grusinskaya's room trunks stand around everywhere . suzette be finish pack . grusinskaya be sit in front of the mirror in a loose night wrap -- she be do she hair . suzette madam should sleep . grusinskaya I have do my hair differently -- do you like that ? suzette when a lady fall in love she do she hair differently . grusinskaya ( rise ) in the middle of the night -- that flower make I think of a funeral . laurel and tube-rose . ( she push the window close , shiver , it be chilly . she cross the room turn out one of the light ) oh , think , suzette -- the villa and the sun at tremezzo -- quiet -- simple -- happy -- we will have a guest , suzette . suzette ( quietly ) yes , madam . and now madam will sleep . it be not long ' till the train . grusinskaya goodnight , suzette . suzette leave -- turn out a light . alone , grusinskaya go to the telephone . she raise the receiver . grusinskaya hello -- can you tell I if Baron von gaigern be in he room -- ring he . ( talk to herself ) cherie , I must wake you or you will miss the train . ( into phone ) ...yes ... be you ringing , he may be asleep . ( to herself ) cherie , you must get up and fetch I from my room -- I be long for you , cherie -- I have not be to sleep -- I keep think you would come to I . ( into phone ) ... oh , but he must answer . Ring -- ring -- ring . CUT in here at discretion the : baron' empty room telephone be ringing . CUT back to : grusinskaya's room grusinskaya ( to herself ) cherie , hurry -- hurry -- hurry . answer the phone -- what be the matter . ( into phone ) Ring he -- ring he . ( to herself ) where be you -- where be you , cherie ? why do not you answer ? ( into phone ) well , ring he -- please -- please . fade out slowly : end of sequence " # 6 " sequence " # 7 " Music up as we -- fade in on : dissolve into - exterior service entrance of HOTEL the tree and the milk cart effect and other curious sign of dawn , which we remember after the climax of the first sequence . Music cold and eerie . dissolve out : General early morning bustle and activity . from one van , fruit and vegetable be be unload . from another , huge hind quarter of beef be be carry in and in a monotonous way a baker throw two loaf at a time , to another man , from a van back up -- baker ( count ) forty -two -- forty -four -- forty -six -- forty -eight -- fifty -- fifty - two -- waiter come to work . a noisy racket . sandwich between the bread and butcher van , be back a hearse . at the moment we come upon it , the man be pause in they work to glance . the man take off they cap , as ; proceed by the hotel detective and other , who will be there , the corpse of the Baron in the basket , use at such time , be bring out and place in the hearse , which drive noisily away . a policeman ride with the driver on the box . by this time the man with the bread be count : baker one hundred and eight -- one hundred and ten -- one hundred and twelve ... stay with he for a moment . dissolve out : dissolve into - exterior front of HOTEL shoot onto door - day lighting . a man come out and signal a black close limousine , which pull forward . dissolve out : dissolve into - MAIN HOTEL lobby early morning . sense of chill and desolation . some chair stand on table . a vacuum cleaner be at work on the carpet . newspaper boy be deliver papers at the news stand . the various shop be slowly be open , the window be clean . the general feel of the beginning of another day . the camera wait at a distance shoot from door as preysing , with a plain clothes man on either side of he , leave , move towards the camera . he be grim , he hat be draw over he eye . his hand deep in he pocket . when he have pass the camera move forward to : senf's desk ( the old shot ) meierheim be enter quickly go through the door . he cross now to pimenov . they talk eagerly out of earshot . but it be apparent that meierheim be , as usual , in a hurry . rohna be there too . one of the man carry a telephone stand , wrap loosely in paper . but we know it 's the telephone stand . senf come on duty , look around , it be apparent that he be late . clerk the night clerk have already go -- you be late . senf man -- I be at the clinic the whole night -- there be no word to describe what my wife suffer . clerk and the child be not come ? senf no -- no -- not yet . well , I must not let it interfere with my duty . any news here ? clerk News ? yes -- kill in number one - sixty - four . senf what ? -- who ? -- whom ? clerk the big manufacturer kill Baron von gaigern . senf good heaven . what for ? clerk I do not know . senf man -- that 's terrible . he be a nice fellow -- I be sorry about he . clerk it seem that he be a thief and a imposter . senf I do not believe it -- he be a real gentleman . I know people ... I be so tired I can hardly see out of my eye . no sleep for two night and so many duty and now this kill in the hotel -- that mean a lot of work . but it 's too bad about the Baron , you always feel better when he come along -- always friendly -- such a agreeable fellow . clerk most imposter be -- a number of bellboy march up and form a line . senf come from behind the desk and inspect they . senf good morning . boy ( in chorus ) good morning . senf show you hand . they show they hand . senf ( to one boy ) you have dirty nail -- you little pig -- you be no good ... cap off ! -- let 's see you hair . ( boy take off they cap ) good -- cap on ! ( boy put on they cap ) where be number seven ?... not here ? ( to clerk ) take he name -- if he come late again today , he 's fire . dismiss ! the boy sit down on the bench . the camera move to kringelein . kringelein and the police officer move towards the desk in ear shot . kringelein please , officer . officer that will be sufficient for the present , sir , you may travel in peace . kringelein exit . CUT to : corridor by elevator as kringelein emerge from the elevator , suzette speak to the floor clerk . suzette and they have take he away . floor clerk yes -- it 's terrible . suzette madam must not know -- you understand -- madam must not know . floor clerk I will tell the maid . I can not answer for downstairs -- suzette hurry down corridor . by this time kringelein have arrive at he door , he open it . CUT to : kringeleinx room kringelein open the door and enter . flaemmchen be look into space . a lovely picture . Morning light over she hair , she be dress . kringelein what 's the matter ? flaemmchen oh -- I be think -- poor Baron -- lying there , he eye so open . kringelein you love the Baron , do not you ? flaemmchen yes -- kringelein so do I . he be friendly to I as no man ever be . flaemmchen perhaps he really be a burglar -- but they do not kill a man for that . kringelein he be in desperate strait . he would be try to raise money all day . he laugh -- poor devil ! and then a man like preysing kill he . flaemmchen ( naively ) I do not like preysing right off . kringelein then why do you have anything to do with he ? flaemmchen ( simply ) money ! kringelein yes , of course , -- money ! flaemmchen you do not understand that do you ? kringelein of course I do -- I never know what money really mean till I start spend it . do you know -- ( he be silent a moment ) I can hardly believe that anything so beautiful should come to I from preysing -- I will take care of you . will -- will you let I ? flaemmchen what ? kringelein you will have a good time with I . want to ? I have get enough money . ten thousand two hundred in my pocketbook . Three thousand four hundred that I win . it will last a long time . I can win more -- we will travel . flaemmchen yes -- to Paris ? I want to go there always . kringelein wherever you like . here I will give you the money I win , three thousand four hundred . later you can have more . flaemmchen later ? kringelein when I -- I be ill , flaemmchen -- it will not be long -- I will not last long . will you stay with I until ... flaemmchen nonsense ! we will find a great doctor , he will cure you . they can cure anything this day . kringelein do you believe that you will have a better time with I than you would with preysing ? flaemmchen oh yes , of course . kringelein ( take she hand ) do you like I better ? flaemmchen you be a good man , Mr. kringelein -- a very good man . kringelein straighten , happy , inspire , a smile on he face . he assume in he gesture . take the telephone . kringelein ( into telephone ) when be the next train leave for Paris ? -- yes ... get two ticket for I ... and my bill please ... and the lady 's -- miss flaemm 's . ( put down telephone ) ( to flaemmchen ) we have to hurry let 's pack -- we will have breakfast on the train . CUT to : corridor the figure of grusinskaya be stand at she door , there be no one with she . suzette step out . suzette madam , it be Mr. meierheim -- he be wait downstairs . grusinskaya where be pimenov ? where be pimenov ? ( she look off . ) flash of pimenov come out of the elevator . grusinskaya hurry down to pimenov -- they meet . pimenov ( breathlessly ) he will be on the train . grusinskaya but when do he go ? how do you know ? she cross and look in the Baron 's room . a may be there change the bedding . the room be unoccupy otherwise . grusinskaya Baron von gaigern have leave ? the may nod . grusinskaya when ? how long ago ? maid shrug she shoulder . voice of floor clerk the Baron leave about half a hour ago , madam . pimenov oh -- gru -- come , come -- we will lose the train . while they be wait for the elevator grusinskaya be like a live electric wire . the elevator arrive . they be step in . CUT to : lobby General activity . we hear the cry go up : voice madam grusinskaya 's car ... grusinskaya come out of the elevator follow by suzette and pimenov . meierheim meet she . meierheim come along , oh , madam , come along . the train will be go . grusinskaya wait a minute . I have get to ask myself . pimenov what 's the use of ask , gru -- he be at the train -- he will be there . meierheim the troupe , the scenery , everything -- all on board , wait . you have a rehearsal in Vienna tomorrow morning . come , madam , be you mad ? grusinskaya cross to the desk . she speak to senf . grusinskaya have you see Baron von gaigern ? rohna ( come over quickly ) the Baron be not here , madam . grusinskaya he be go ? rohna yes , madam . meierheim four minute past . please come . pimenov come , lisaveta , he will be there -- he will be there . meierheim ( call ) madam grusinskaya 's car . grusinskaya , follow by the other , sweep out towards the door . CUT to : exterior HOTEL grusinskaya emerge , follow by the other . the sunlight hit they . grusinskaya oh , the sun -- it will be sunny in tremezzo -- meierheim every seat for the open have be sell at Vienna . sold out for three day . grusinskaya I know -- I know -- but it will be sunny in tremezzo . we will have a guest then . suzette ( knowingly ) yes , madam . voice madam grusinskaya 's car . grusinskaya move forward . CUT to : lobby senf ( at telephone ) Grand Hotel , head porter . what ? there 's be -- a child bear ? a boy ! yes ! my child bear ! it be healthy ... and my wife ? do well -- all well ! ( to clerk ) the child have come . they be both alive . my child ... CUT to : by elevator at this moment kringelein and flaemmchen be come out of the elevator , kringelein be carry he suitcase . a bellboy attempt to take he bag but kringelein , still confuse draw he hand with the suitcase away from the bellboy . flaemmchen let he take it . bellboy you bag , you excellency -- hear the word ' excellency ' kringelein go through a transformation . he stand and with a flourish hand the suitcase over to the boy . he be a big man now . kringelein ( very definitely to boy ) cab please ! bellboy cab , for he excellency , Mr. kringelein ! kringelein ( to flaemmchen ) and now we travel , flaemmchen ... glad ? flaemmchen be I ! kringelein ( to senf ) be the bill ready -- the lady 's too ? senf at once . any forward address , Mr. kringelein ? kringelein yes , Paris -- Grand Hotel . flaemmchen how do you know there be a Grand Hotel ? kringelein oh , there must be one in Paris ... they have everything in Paris . senf you bill , you excellency . kringelein pay and take flaemmchen 's arm start to move away from the desk , General business ad lib of tipping . boy line up , make a deep bow . there be almost a triumphant march as kringelein and flaemmchen move towards the door . senf clerk boy ( in chorus ) come again , you excellency . with head erect , happy smile on he face , kringelein leave the lobby . normal activity in lobby , remind we of open scene . Doctor come up to desk . doctor be that Mr. kringelein leave ? the end