grand theft parson written by Jeremy drysdale June 2003 open title . " although this motion picture be inspire by a true story , certain character and event be fictional . " fade in : super : ' september 1973 ' . int . phil kaufman' bedroom . night a phone ring in the dark . a little light fall from the open window , illuminate a old bakelite telephone . it sit on a small table alongside a large amount of empty bottle and a couple of overflow ashtray . ext . phil' trike . night a three wheeled motorcycle be be drive through the night at great speed . the trike be move very quickly , its headlight cut through the darkness , its wheel send a spray of sand fly towards we , as the driver fight to keep it on the road . this be phil kaufman , and he 's in a hurry . int . joshua tree inn - room 8 . night two figure be struggle on the floor . the male be naked . the woman sit astride he , she movement urgent , she breath fast . they appear to be have sex . ext . trike . dawn the trike cut through the night , and we pull back to show desert , more desert , and then ... a giant bright , flicker neon sign : ' welcome to the joshua Tree Inn ' . int . phil kaufman' bedroom . night that phone - still ringing ; shrill , insistent . there be a bed next to the table . it be cover in clothes , but there be also a man 's shape , which now move . int . joshua tree inn - room 8 . night a little more light , and it now appear as if we man and woman be struggle . there be fear on she face . int . phil kaufman' bedroom . night still that insistent ringing , and the cover suddenly fly off the bed . we see the man from behind as he shake the sleep away and look for the damn phone . 2 . int . joshua tree inn - room 8 . night the woman be scream now , and bang on the man 's chest with she fist . he be motionless underneath she . ext . outside joshua tree inn . dawn the trike skid to a halt amid a cloud of dust and the driver leap off . he run at the door , throw it open in one movement , disappear into the room . a break stripe ' no entry - Police ' band flutter to the ground . int . phil kaufman' bedroom . night the man finally answer the phone . at last the ringing stop . phil hello ? ext . outside joshua tree inn - room 8 . night the door bounce back open , and we can see the phil walk quickly through the room . as he search , we hear : woman' voice oh my God please help I ! I find you number in he pocket and I do not know ... I do not know what to do . phil' voice ah , what ... who be you ? woman' voice he 's dead ... he 's dead ... and I be ... just ... I do not know what to do . the man glance into the bathroom and open some drawer . phil be voice hold on . tell I who 's dead . woman' voice parson . Gram parson . we meet in a bar and we have a lot to drink and he just ... phil' voice be you sure he 's dead ? he look under the bed . 3 . con tinue D : woman' voice yeah . he 's really dead . he just ... phil be voice listen . call a ambulance . where be you ? woman' voice joshua Tree . joshua Tree inn. room eight . he check on top of the wardrobe . phil' voice have you get a car ? woman' voice yes . phil' voice call a ambulance . then get out of there . okay ? okay ? woman' voice yeah , okay . I be goin ' ... he pick up a sheet of paper from the bedside table and glance at it . he turn and walk past we to the car and for the first time we see phil Kaufman 's face . ext . joshua tree hospital . morning the trike skid to a halt outside the small white hospital . there be a couple of press vehicle park outside , and a reporter be recording a piece to camera in the background . phil sit for a moment , and then open the door and walk to the entrance . int . joshua tree hospital . morning - moment later we move through the reception area up to the nurse ' station . phil be in conversation with a large woman in a nurse 's uniform . nurse you wanna run that by I again , sir ? phil okay . I would like to see Gram parson . they stare at each other . 4 . con tinue D : nurse you want to see Gram parson ? phil yes . alone , if possible . and would you have a gurney stand by in case I need to move he ? she look carefully at the pyjamas which peek out from under the shabby overcoat . his hair be on end . he be wear biker boot and be hold a unlit but half - smoke cigar . nurse and you be .... he physician ? or perhaps a close relative ? phil clear he throat . phil actually , I be he road manager . the big nurse smile mirthlessly . nurse so you be not he physician or a close relative ? a beat . phil no . nurse mister parson be await a post mortem . he will then be deliver to he family . I suggest you speak to they if you wish to pick through he personal effect . Sir . she turn away . phil now listen here ... nurse no , you listen here . mister parson be dead and no longer appear to need a road manager . which make two of we . the nurse turn and march down the corridor . phil wait until she 's go and then walk through a door mark ' admittance only to authorize Hospital staff ' . 5 . int . hospital locker room . morning phil slip off he overcoat and stuff it into the trash . he toss away the unlit cigar , grab a white coat from a hook and put it on . he walk out through another door . int . hospital corridor . morning phil wander down the corridor , glance into room and check sign . he push open a door mark ' pathology ' . int . hospital pathology lab . morning the room be empty , except for a couple of cover body on trolley . phil check under the first sheet , and recoil at whatever it be which lie beneath . phil sheesh ! he walk over to the next gurney and lift the sheet . he stare down at the body , visibly move . phil ( cont 'd ) hello buddy . how you be ? he stand for a moment , grip the gurney and look down at he friend . then he snap out of it . phil ( cont 'd ) well , I can not stand around here chat with you all day . thing to do ... he wheel the gurney towards the door . int . hospital corridor . morning phil wheel the gurney down the corridor towards the exit . a doctor in green scrub approach and glance down at a clipboard . doctor can I help you ? phil naw , I be cool thanks . the doctor read the tag on the body 's toe . doctor what be you do ? phil just take some stiff down to neurology . 6 . con tinue D : doctor we do not have a neurology department . phil urology . the doctor grab the end of the gurney . phil tug and the doctor tug back . after a moment , phil sigh and shake he head in frustration . phil ( cont 'd ) okay . just hold you horse - I will go check the paperwork . the doctor hold up he clipboard . doctor I have the paperwork . phil no . you have you paperwork . I need to go check my paperwork . he slip through the exit . the doctor wait awkwardly for a few second , and then push open the door . doctor hello ? hello ... he glance around in surprise , but there be no - one in sight . ext . desert . morning phil 's trike accelerate as it approach a T junction . to the right the sign point to ' joshua Tree town ' , to the leave ' Los Angeles ' . the trike do not even slow as it skid leave , send a spray of sand and gravel fly across the road . NB . there will be several shot of phil drive through the desert , set to music . ext . phil' STREET . day the trike pull up outside a rambling old house . two enormous plaster eagle flank the front door , a giant harley davidson sign hang from the roof , and there 's a six foot flash neon star in the front window . phil get out , walk up to the door and pull some key out of he pocket . 7. int . phil' sitting room . day phil walk into the room and pour himself a drink . he slump onto the couch , take a sip and close he eye . we see movement behind he , as a attractive girl slip through a door and approach phil from behind . this be susie , and she put she hand over he eye . susie guess who ? phil Martin luther King . susie try again ... susie lean over the back of the chair and give phil a long slow kiss . she jump over the couch and resume kissing , this time more passionately . phil try to pull away with little success . phil this .... ... be not .... ... the best time ... ... baby .... susie continue regardless , phil be now find it hard to resist . he eventually give in , and they begin to kiss passionately . int . phil' kitchen . day phil and susie be sit at the kitchen table . he take a drag from she cigarette and pass it back . susie God damn ! I be so sorry , baby . phil yeah , out of a job again . susie would never have happen if you be there . phil how do you know I be not ? susie well , if you be , you would not have let he die . phil I be still ' on staff ' . he be still my responsibility . 8 . con tinue D : they sit quietly for a moment . then : phil ( cont 'd ) so where have you be , anyway ? she sigh , and stand up . phil ( cont 'd ) how long this time ? two week ? susie yeah , let 's have this conversation again . like you have not just do six week on the road ... phil yeah , but I usually leave a note . and there 's a paycheck involved . susie disappear through the door . phil 's shoulder sag and he slump against the wall . then susie reappear with a bottle of Jack Daniels and a couple of glass . she pour out two generous measure and hand one to phil . susie come here ... after a moment , he get up and follow she out of the room . int . phil' sitting room . day susie guide phil to a chair and sit he down . phil what 's this ? susie this be a remembrance . she cross to a record player and turn it on , pause to let down the blind on the way back . ' in my hour of darkness ' ( or similar music ) fill the room . series of shot : a ) phil take a drink . B ) girl in tear to cam outside the joshua tree motel : girl ( earnestly ) he be so beautiful , and he understand what my heart be feel . I will ... ( mor E ) 9 . con tinue D : gir L ( cont 'd ) never laugh again . my inner joy have go . it evaporate when Gram depart . C ) music ' expert ' on chat show expert he sing country music in a way that it have never be sung before . it be ' country rock ' , if you like . and it be kinda catchy . at least , the young people seem to lap it up . it 's fair to say that when Gram parson die , he die a star . D ) phil take another drink . he may be crying . E ) hippie to cam from a STREET in LA : hippie it 's like ... I can not ... it be real , kinda ... I ... oh , man . F ) phil sleep , and the glass slip from he hand . G ) reporter to cam from outside joshua tree hospital : reporter and another light burn out in the desert . Gram parson - the standard bearer of the new country music movement - be dead , follow a overdose of drug . while many of America 's young people be today in mourn , they parent will view this as another example of how today 's drug culture can so easily claim a life . we will leave you tonight with the young man 's own word . Gram parson write a song call ' in my hour of darkness ' , which contain this word : ' in my hour of darkness ... ' we be back in phil 's sit room . fade up on the music , to match the reporter 's word , as Gram 's voice fill the room : ( or similar music ) . gram' voice in my hour of darkness , in my time of need , oh Lord grant I vision , oh Lord grant I speed . oh Lord grant I vision , oh Lord grant I speed . 10 . con tinue D : susie tenderly throw a blanket over the sleep phil as the record end . she turn the light off and the room go dark . int . phil' sitting room . day susie walk in with a coffee . she sit beside phil and stroke he head until he wake . she kiss he and pass he the cup . phil hello . susie hi . he sit up and stretch . she lean over to kiss he , then stand and start to tidy . he watch she . she pick up some clothing from near he chair and move away . he drop another piece of clothing on the same spot . she say nothing and pick it up . he take a sock off and drop it . it have stop be a game and start be a statement . she pick the sock up and drop it in he lap . he push it back onto the floor . she open she arm and everything fall to the floor . she walk out of the room and into the kitchen . he follow . int . phil' kitchen . day susie lean on the table , stare out of the window . phil walk up behind she . phil when you be here , I spend my time wonder when you be go . and when you be back , I wonder where you have be . she turn and walk round to face he . susie phil , you give I laugh and a great time . but I be not sure if that 's enough . phil you mean there 's more than that ? susie yes , there 's more than that ! there 's dependable , responsible , reliable ... 11 . con tinue D : phil there 's dull , boring , normal . you should hook up with someone who work in a bank . I know a guy , actually . he have fish for dinner every Friday , clean he shoe twice a week and busy he tie in bulk because it work out cheaper that way . I will put you in touch . susie I do not mind loving a crazy bastard , phil . but you have get to be for something and not just against everything . you have to choose something to represent . phil I represent the combine force of charm , enchantment and exuberance . susie you job be to arrange other people 's life . maybe it 's time to put a little think into you own . susie walk out of the room . ext . suburban STREET . day a suburban street of small , neat bungalow . we move down the street , past house and identical house , until we rest outside another that be identical to the rest . the front door open , and a nondescript man emerge , carry a small overnight bag . he carefully lock the door and walk down the path to where a cab wait . we can clearly see ' New Orleans taxi ' mark on the door . man Airport , please . this be stanley parson , Gram 's father . int . phil' sitting room . day there be a loud bang on the front door . phil glance out of the window , and look momentarily puzzle . he open the door , and a beautiful woman stand on the step . phil Long time , no see , Barbara . 12 . con tinue D : barbara do not try and schmooze I , Kaufman , you repellent slimeball . she notice susie stand behind phil . barbara ( cont 'd ) the latest victim ? Barbara walk past they into the kitchen . susie look quizzically at phil . phil meet Barbara . Barbara call out from the kitchen . barbara it 's a lot tidier than I remember . susie raise a eyebrow at phil . susie who the hell be she ? phil Gram 's ex-girlfriend . phil point at he temple as if to say she 's nut . susie girlfriend ? be not he marry ? Barbara walk back into the hall . barbara welcome to the seventies . phil what do you want , Barbara ? Barbara light a cigarette . barbara I be here to fulfill Gram 's wish . she wait for he to speak . phil that 's nice . I have no idea what you be talk about . she hold up a old piece of write paper . 13 . con tinue D : ( 2 ) barbara do you know what this be ? phil reach for it , but Barbara snatch it away . barbara ( cont 'd ) it 's Gram 's will . she read it out . barbara ( cont 'd ) to whom it may concern : I would like it to be know that it be my wish to leave Barbara mansfield my asset and belonging in the event of my death . sign : Ingram cecil parson . phil look surprised . phil do he write that with join up write or be it before he know how ? Barbara give a wry smile . barbara still the jester Kaufman , and still very unfunny . phil that 's not a will Barbara , and you know it . barbara it 's better than a will , actually . it 's a sign promise from Gram to leave I all he asset and belonging . and anyway , it 's really none of you business what this be . I have come for the guitar . phil shake he head . phil guitar ? barbara yes . Gram 's guitar . he always keep it here . phil it 's be a while since you be around , Barbara . ( mor E ) 14 . con tinue D : ( 3 ) phi L ( cont 'd ) gretchen , he wife , take it back six month ago . Barbara lean forward until they nose be almost touch . barbara I do not believe you , Kaufman . Barbara push past phil who give no resistance . she walk straight over to the couch and start pull up the cushion . susie move to stop she , but phil hold she back and let Barbara carry on . int . phil' lounge . day phil and susie sit on the sofa , a island of calm in a sea of chaos . around they , the floor be cover with papers , clothing , empty record cover , tear open cushion and book . a break drawer be propped against the table . a lampshade hang crazily from its bearing , throw strange shadow around the room . suddenly , susie get up and kick a cushion across the room . phil hey , well do . you find the only unbroken thing . susie why do you let she in ? phil it 's all part of the grieve process . susie how can she behave that way ? Gram 's not even in the ground yet . phil stare at she . susie ( cont 'd ) what ? phil nothing . he continue to look at she oddly . susie do not you freak out on I . phil do I a favor and get the guitar , sweetheart . 15 . con tinue D : he disappear into the kitchen . susie where be you go ? phil ( o.s ) I gotta make a call . int . joshua tree funeral home . day a man with glass and a ill-fitting black suit do some paperwork . he be surround by coffin display garish ' special offer ' price ticket . the phone ring , and the undertaker take he time answer it . undertaker afternoon . joshua Tree obsequy . int . phil' kitchen . day phil be hold the phone . he frown . phil ( into phone ) obsequy ? what the hell do that mean ? I be ... int . joshua tree funeral home . day we hear the rest of phil 's mutter from the phone in the undertaker 's hand . undertaker it 's Latin . it mean burial . be there anything I can help with ? who be I speak to ? int . phil' kitchen . day phil straighten up . he speak curtly . phil yes , you can help I as a matter of fact . I be ... int . joshua tree funeral home . day again , we hear phil 's voice trumpete out of the phone . the undertaker change he tone . undertaker mister parson ? I be sorry , I will take a look immediately . 16 . con tinue D : he put down the phone and flick through a big book . he purse he lip . he wipe he nose with a white silk handkerchief . then he pick up the phone . undertaker ( cont 'd ) yeah , he be here . mutter . undertaker ( cont 'd ) New Orleans . although he only just go , so he will still be on he way to Los Angeles Airport . Big thrill for we here , as we be only a small facility . nearly get Jane mansfield in ' 67 when she pass through , but she get divert to Frisco . hello ? no mutter . undertaker ( cont 'd ) hello. hellooo ... int . phil' kitchen . day the phone sit on the table but the room be empty . susie ( o.s ) phil ? susie walk in , look around , and leave . ext . phil' driveway . day phil be lie down in the back of susie 's station wagon , he foot stick out of the back . susie come out of the house carry the guitar , and sit on the step , where she watch he . after a minute : susie what be you do ? phil this thing be not that big . susie okay . be that a problem ? phil not really . susie be confuse . 17 . con tinue D : susie well , that 's good . no answer . phil continue to check out the inside of she car . susie ( cont 'd ) so what be you up to ? phil it 's best you do not know . without a word , susie get up and walk into the house . phil lie still . after a moment , she reappear with she bag . she flounce theatrically past he and open the car door . phil get out of the back . susie I do not know what this madness be , but I be not get involved . phil well , that 's the point . susie I mean , I do not know what it be you be plan , but I be not bail you out again . phil right . susie I be go . phil again . she get into the car and slam the door . she start the engine , and phil stand back , but the car do not move . after a moment the window wind down . susie this time , I be not come back . she give he a ' so there ' smile . susie ( cont 'd ) I be go to find a man who busy he tie in bulk . she drive away . ext . larry osterberg's home . day phil arrive on he trike outside a small house . 18 . int . larry osterberg's home . day a man be sit cross-legged on the floor . a joss stick burn beside he , and sitar music play in the background . this be larry osterberg , and he be meditate . there be a loud hammer on the door . Larry show no sign of have hear anything . more hammer at the door , but still no response . then the letter box creak open and a eye appear in the slot . after a moment , the eye disappear and phil 's face appear momentarily at the window . the window seem to be slightly higher than phil , so he face appear every time he jump up to peer into the room . phil ( o.s ) hello ? anyone there ? then phil be go . Larry expel a big breath . the letterbox creak open again and the eye be back . phil ( cont 'd ) ( o.s ) there you be . I be look for Larry osterberg . Larry sigh , and stretch . he get up slowly , gently shake himself to relax he muscle and walk to the door , which he open . larry the door be unlock . phil barrel in and close the door behind he . he turn to take a look around the room . phil you Larry osterberg ? larry yes . welcome to my house . this might be sarcastic , but any nuance be lose on phil , who prop the guitar up against the wall . phil very nice . what 's that noise ? larry manomanjari on the sitar by nikhil banerjee . ( NB . similar music may be use in this scene ) phil stare at he . 19 . con tinue D : phil ( carefully ) okay . he pop a cigar into he mouth . larry there 's no smoking in here , I be afraid . phil stare meaningfully at the burn joss stick , but put the cigar away . phil right . larry who be you , please ? phil oh , I be phil Kaufman . larry and how may I help you , phil Kaufman ? phil I would like to hire you car . larry why ? phil well , I need to pick someone up at the airport . larry do not you know anyone with a car ? phil yes , of course . it 's just that I be tell you car be more suitable . larry I see . in what way be my car more suitable ? phil well ... it 's a hearse . larry yes . they both look at each other . Larry wait for phil to speak . 20 . con tinue D : ( 2 ) larry ( cont 'd ) and how be a hearse go to be suitable for pick someone up from the airport ? phil it 's ... a joke . larry a joke ? he do not look entirely convinced . phil a prank . a surprise . larry well , okay . be it two hundred dollar worth of surprise ? phil no , it 's more of a fifty dollar surprise . larry I can lend you a bicycle . besides , the car be book . phil book how ? man I use it to carry equipment for a band . phil pull some cash out of he pocket and sort through it . phil well , here 's two hundred dollar to unbook it . let them carry they own trombone . phil pass the money over . Larry start to count it . phil ( cont 'd ) you do not need to count it . you could trust I . Larry do not pause count . larry let 's see ; I have never meet you in my life , you shout through my mail slot , you want to hire my hearse as a joke , and ... ( mor E ) 21 . con tinue D : ( 3 ) lar ry ( cont 'd ) you be twenty dollar short . why should I trust you ? phil that last twenty be for gas . anyway - I have not even see the car yet . I be the one who 's operate on trust . larry it 's a hearse . what else do you need to know ? ext . outside larry osterberg's garage . day the garage door swing open and a hearse drive out into the sun . it be bright yellow and cover in paint flower . one of the side window be break and a headlight hang out . phil 's jaw drop open . Larry get out of the drive seat and pat the roof , proudly . larry meet bernice . phil bernice ? larry bernice be a cadillac Superior Royale tiara limousine funeral coach . we have get a Seven gallon v8 engine offer three hundred and forty bhp at four thousand six hundred revolution per minute . you be look at a twenty one foot beauty with a one hundred and fifty six inch wheelbase contain a four barrel Rochester quadrajet carburetor with turbo hydramatic transmission . bernice weigh over six thousand pound . there be a very long silence . phil it 's yellow . larry yes , it 's yellow . bernice come in yellow . phil it 's suppose to be black . larry but they be all black . 22 . con tinue D : phil that might be my point . larry so how be a yellow hearse cover with flower less of a surprise than a black hearse ? phil I pay you two hundred dollar for a black hearse . larry ( patiently ) no , you pay I a hundred and eighty dollar for a hearse , and a hearse be what you have get . if you take a long , hard look at bernice , you will see that she 's one of a kind . she 's big , she 's fast , she 's comfortable , and she 's beautiful . but she 's not black . they stare at each other for a moment . then phil sigh deeply . phil okay . where be the key ? larry why ? phil I gotta go . Larry look from phil to bernice and back again . larry oh , no . she do not go anywhere without I . phil think this over . phil okay . well , let 's boogie . Larry run across and close the door on a pile of amp and band equipment that now sit in the garage . phil put the guitar in the back seat and they get into the car . int . hearse . day Larry pull a screwdriver out of the glove compartment and jig it about in the ignition until the engine catch . 23 . con tinue D : then he turn the key and pull up and down to undo the steering lock . phil watch curiously . larry someone steal she last summer . phil well , I have pay top dollar , so it 's nice to see I be get the best ... larry how do you hear of bernice and I ? phil you be famous throughout the great Los Angeles area . Larry look pleased . phil ( cont 'd ) but you be the only guy with a hearse . do not go get carry away ... ext . LA highway . day one backfire , and bernice be ready . the hearse weave erratically across the road and then disappear in a cloud of exhaust smoke . int . barbara' home . evening Barbara sit at a table in she shabby kitchen , read the will . she light a cigarette and sit back in she chair . ext . lax . evening the hearse drive under a huge sign which read ' welcome to Los Angeles Airport ' and peel off the main road past some office and cargo store . bernice drive into a giant hangar and pull up outside a dark and shutter office . int . hearse - outside mortuary . evening phil glance out of the window . phil pull over . Larry park , and phil look at he watch . phil ( cont 'd ) shit . 24 . con tinue D : larry what 's the matter ? phil nothing . larry well ... what flight be they on ? phil we will wait here . larry okay . well , what time be the flight due ? phil soon . larry okay . how soon ? phil why do you ask so many damn question ? larry well ... I do not know . there be silence . then : larry ( cont 'd ) should not we be at arrival ? phil look , will you please shut up ask I stuff ? larry okay . he look out of the window , and then back at phil , who now have he eye close . larry ( cont 'd ) so how long be we go to wait ? phil do not answer for a moment . just as Larry open he mouth to ask again , phil speak . phil Morning . Larry look at phil with astonishment . 25 . con tinue D : ( 2 ) larry Morning ? what do you mean , morning ? phil we will make the pick - up in the morning . Larry try to start the car . phil lean over and pluck the screwdriver from he hand . he recline he seat and close he eye . larry you wait till morning . I be go home . Larry open the door and get out of the car . he slam the door shut behind he and stomp off into the gloom . phil do not move . int . hearse - outside mortuary . evening - moment later the driver ' door open and Larry get back into the car . larry I be only back because I do not trust you with bernice . I do not even know you , and if you think I be go to leave my car with you and just walk away , then you have get another think on the way . he stare at phil , who have not move a inch : eye still close , unlit cigar hang out of the corner of he mouth , foot up on the dash . larry ( cont 'd ) I be stay right here . where I can keep a eye on thing ... there be still no response from phil . after a moment , Larry settles back in he seat and close he eye . ext . outside mortuary . night the hearse disappear into the gloom as the light fade and night fall . ext . outside barbara' home . morning a door swing open , and Barbara appear . she be look quite stun , with a tight black suit do equal justice to she womanly curve and she duty as a mourner . she stride down the sidewalk , and as a group of schoolchild appear around the corner Barbara scatter leave and right . 26 . con tinue D : then she cut across the road , and a delivery van skid to a halt inch away , horn blaring . the driver lean out of the window , furious . driver hey , lady ! Barbara stop and whip round , she hair cascade across she shoulder , she blue eye flash . the man simply stare at she , enchant by she beauty . barbara yes ? he continue to stare , and be only shake back to he sense by a burst of abuse from further back in the road . driver you ... should be careful . Barbara smile . barbara why , thank you ... int . airport check in desk - lax . morning stanley be stand at the Airport Airlines check - in desk , face the check - in clerk . stanley parson . the clerk check she paperwork . check -in clerk you have just arrive from New Orleans , mister parson ? stanley yes . check -in clerk and you be fly directly back to New Orleans ? on the same plane ? stanley that be correct . the clerk await a explanation , but none be forthcoming . she raise a eyebrow . check -in clerk okay . well , enjoy you stay at Los Angeles Airport , mister parson . 27 . con tinue D : stanley thank you . stanley turn to go , but then pause . stanley ( cont 'd ) I have come to pick up my son 's body . the line behind he fall quiet , and the officious clerk wobble slightly . stanley raise he voice . stanley ( cont 'd ) my son die out here , you see ? so I have come to bring he home . everyone look at stanley . stanley look at the clerk . stanley ( cont 'd ) I be wonder if that 's enough information for you ? check -in clerk yes . yes . I be sorry . we will ... see to it that you get every assistance on you journey , sir . stanley most kind . int . bank . morning there be a line lead to the information desk , but Barbara ignore it . she walk up to a female teller , who be serve another customer , and cut in . barbara I would like to see the manager , please . customer wait you turn . Barbara 's eye immediately water , and she lower lip tremble . barbara I be sorry . it 's just that the man I love die yesterday . I be forget my manners ... she dab at she eye with a lace handkerchief . the customer look embarrassed . customer I be sorry . please ... go ahead . 28 . con tinue D : Barbara fix the teller with a no -nonsense look . the teller respond with a similar look . barbara the manager ? ext . mortuary . morning a man unlock the shutter with a clatter and go inside . int . hearse - outside mortuary . morning the sound wake phil , who glance around and stretch , before get out of the car . ext . outside mortuary . morning phil walk over to the door and walk inside the mortuary . int . mortuary . morning the clerk busy himself open up . phil wander around and knock into a coffin . the lid bang close and the sound echoe around the hangar . clerk can I help you ? phil I be here to pick up a ... coffin . the clerk look phil over . he 's dress in denim , with scuff harley - davidson cowboy boot , top off with a cut - down denim jacket with ' Sin City ' stitched into the back . clerk no you be not . phil yes I be . clerk no . you be here to pick up a casket . phil look irritate . phil okay . a casket . clerk what flight number ? 29 . con tinue D : phil it be due out on the next flight to New Orleans , but I be drive it now . the stiff do not like to fly . the clerk stare at he . clerk you be one of that funny guy , right . phil yeah , but it 's my day off . clerk name ? phil mine or the ...? clerk the decease . phil move to the desk . phil parson . the clerk turn and shout over he shoulder . clerk barney - bring up parson . int . bank - manager' office . morning the Bank manager be stare at the piece of paper . bank manager I simply can not give you any money base on this piece of paper . Barbara be totally calm . barbara it 's not a piece of paper . it 's a promise from Gram to leave I all he money . bank manager well , I be sorry , but it 's highly likely that the estate will go to probate and be divide up accordingly , subject to a valid will exist . 30 . con tinue D : she just look at he . he try again . bank manager ( cont 'd ) mister parson be a customer of ours . we can not just pass he money across to someone who say they be in the will . there be ... rule . Barbara , realize that she 's get nowhere , start to cry . barbara you do not seem to understand . this be he wish . Barbara be now sobbing , and the bank manager be become increase uncomfortable . he give she he handkerchief . bank manager no ... I do ... understand , miss mansfield . really I do . barbara please tell I how I be suppose to get my money . bank manager well I imagine that you first need to prove that mister parson be actually dead . barbara be you say that I be lie ? bank manager no , absolutely not . but get a copy of the death certificate would probably be a good first step . int . plane - lax . morning stanley take a swig from a hip flask and look out of the window . a very overweight , red-face man squeeze into the next seat . he bang stanley with he knee as he sit , but stanley do not move . he peer at stanley and shuffles in he seat , but there be still no reaction . next , a deep sigh be force out between he fat wet lip - he be plainly keen to start a conversation . stanley keep look out of the window . he be watch the cargo be load . P. J. gambrell paw on the space , do n'tcha think ? stanley turn slowly . 31 . con tinue D : stanley I be sorry ? the fat man smile and extend a chubby hand , which stanley shake awkwardly and reluctantly . P. J. gambrell p J gambrell , at yer assistance . pernell jayson . jes ' say paw on the space in dese bucket . stanley be obviously have problem fully understanding what be be say . after a moment : stanley stanley parson . P. J. gambrell gowna be a trip . besta know yer otherwise gowna be a slow one . stanley yes . I suppose so . int . mortuary . morning the clerk scribbles on a form . clerk paper ? phil they will be along . with this be a rush job , they say you would understand . he pass a fold banknote across . the clerk pocket it without a change of expression . clerk well , you would better tell they that we have get rule . the man stare at each other . then phil pull another note out of he pocket and pass that over . again , the clerk pocket it . clerk ( cont 'd ) and this be the exception which prove that particular rule . a beat . then : clerk ( cont 'd ) although you do not need to tell they that . 32 . con tinue D : phil smile broadly at he . the clerk turn and select a casket from a gurney behind the counter . clerk ( cont 'd ) and this ... be you decease . int . mortuary . morning phil be wheeling a casket on a gurney down the middle of the hangar . he can see Larry peer through the window at he . he can also see a uniform policeman approach Larry from the other side of the street . as he speed up to try and reach Larry first , the clerk call out from he desk . clerk good luck with she . phil close he eye and slow to a halt . ext . outside mortuary . morning Larry be jump up and down nervously outside the window . the policeman appear at he shoulder . cop Excuse I , sir . be that you hearse ? Larry turn slowly . larry hearse ? the cop point at bernice . cop that hearse . Larry have start to sweat profusely . larry that hearse ? the cop look at he carefully . cop be you okay , sir ? larry okay ? sure ... he lean against the window for support . 33 . int . plane - lax . morning stanley be look out of the plane 's window , but the fat man be now lock on . he gesture around he . pj gambrell jes sayin ' ' bout the space . another thoughtful pause from stanley . stanley yes . he glance out at the cargo loader . pj gambrell Space mar game , kinda . partition . fixed. slidin ' . demountable . integrate . stanley right . pj gambrell always say . why have one room ? when you can have two ? stanley I see . he lean forward to watch a loader wheeling a casket towards the back of the plane . pj gambrell what 's you bidness ? stanley watch the coffin and do not answer . a tear roll down he face . the fat man pull some candy out of he pocket and take a bite . int . mortuary . morning phil and the clerk peer into the open casket . phil yup . that 's a she . clerk and yours be suppose to be male ? phil yeah ... the clerk walk back to the counter and peer at he paperwork . 34 . con tinue D : clerk well ... go . phil go ? whaddya mean , go ? clerk we get the wrong box . you box be be load . phil Nice work . so how do I get my box back ? the clerk raise a eyebrow . phil understand immediately . phil ( cont 'd ) you be a damn thief . clerk that 's very hurtful . phil reluctantly hand another note over and the clerk speak into a radio . clerk ( cont 'd ) barney . you receive ? ext . outside mortuary . morning Larry be stand by the hearse . the cop be read he license . cop so , whatcha doin ' here ? larry do ? here ? int . plane - lax . morning stanley have he eye close . the fat man eat . suddenly , stanley 's eye snap open and he peer out of the window . a motorize cart chug into view with the casket cover in a blanket on the back . it be drive away from the plane . stanley what the hell ? he stand up and turn to the fat man . stanley ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . pj gambrell why ? 35 . con tinue D : stanley I need to get off the plane . the fat man reluctantly struggle to he foot and squeeze out into the aisle . pj gambrell sheesh . only jes ' get settle . int . mortuary . morning phil glance nervously out to where Larry be be interrogate by the cop . the clerk be read a paper . phil can you speed thing up ? clerk what 's the hurry ? phil be distract , watch the cop and Larry out of the window . phil I would like to get to the joshua Tree while it 's still light . the clerk look up . clerk I think you be take he to New Orleans ? phil what ? clerk when you come in , you say you be drive the casket out to New Orleans . but just now you say you be head for the joshua Tree ... phil be under pressure . phil joshua Tree , yeah . a buzzer sound . no - one move . phil ( cont 'd ) joshua Tree , Louisiana . just outside the city . clerk never hear of that . 36 . con tinue D : phil it 's small . just another local community struggle to get by . the buzzer go again , and phil attempt to change the subject . phil ( cont 'd ) use you phone ? after a moment , the clerk nod towards the phone on the desk , before turn and disappear into the rear of the mortuary . phil wipe some sweat from he forehead , pick up the phone and dial . int . phil' lounge . morning susie be pack . the phone ring and she hesitates for a moment . then she continue load she case , leave the phone unanswer . int . check in desk . day stanley try to ask a question at the check in desk , but give up and walk toward a exit . int . mortuary . morning the clerk return with a casket on a gurney and phil replace the receiver as the clerk flip open the top of the casket and peer inside . clerk ( into casket ) hello there . we be look for you . he wheel the casket over and phil have a quick look inside . clerk ( cont 'd ) need you to sign for it again . phil sign the papers . clerk ( cont 'd ) look like it 's you lucky day after all . phil yeah . I be a real lucky guy . phil again glance out of the window . 37 . ext . outside mortuary . morning the cop be wander around the hearse . Larry trail behind he , disconsolately . cop I do not like the look of you . larry ( miserably ) no. Fair enough . cop wherever there 's a hippie there 's a crime , even if it have not happen yet . that 's what I always say . larry right . good say . he prod at the break light with he baton . cop so whatcha do here ? larry we be meeting someone off a flight . cop you be meeting someone off a flight ? larry yes . cop in a hearse ? larry yes . it 's a ... surprise . cop which part the surprise : the fact that you be in a bright yellow hearse , the fact that you be dress like something out of a horror film , or the fact that you be half a mile from the terminal and they be gonna have to walk across two runway to reach you ? Larry be look increasingly desperate . 38 . con tinue D : larry well ... the first part . the cop nod and repeat it to himself . cop the first part . they stare at each other . cop ( cont 'd ) okay , now why do not you tell I what the hell 's go on ? larry go on ? they stare at each other . the cop shift position and purse he lip . Larry stare at the ground look for some kind of inspiration . just when the silence move beyond uncomfortable , the door of the mortuary open and phil clatter out with the casket . phil well , I do not care if it be first thing in the morning - but I sure need a coffee . I tell you , I have never see so many darn bit of paper to sign ! it 's paperwork which be slow this great country down . we be drown in triplicate ! he 's busy himself at the back of the hearse , and appear to notice the cop for the first time . phil ( cont 'd ) good morning officer . the cop peer at he suspiciously . cop mornin ' . phil I be just say how people with work to do - people like yourself , officer - be just get engulf by paper . grab the end , will you ? do not that just drive you plain crazy ? the cop hesitates and then take the end of the casket and help load it into the hearse . 39 . con tinue D : ( 2 ) cop I guess it do . phil gesture at Larry to get into the car , which he do . phil one casket , six sheet to sign . six ! that can not be right . do that sound right to you ? he close the back door and get into the passenger seat . cop nope . sure do not . phil and the very last thing I want to do be to hold you up further with my chatter . thank you for you help , officer . you have a good day , now . it look like they have get away with it . but : cop just a moment , boy . phil smile up at he . phil yessir ? cop you sidekick here have just finish tell I that you be gonna pick someone up from the terminal . a surprise , he say . and here you be load a coffin into you vehicle ... phil do not miss a beat . phil and there you have it , officer . you see the gentleman we be meeting from the plane do not yet know about the sad pass of he ... aunt . cop and you be gonna meet he off he flight with she coffin ? he raise a eyebrow . 40 . con tinue D : ( 3 ) cop ( cont 'd ) that 's a real nice touch . phil yeah . we be do it this way for the avoidance of doubt . he gesture at Larry to start the car . Larry pull out the screwdriver and start to jig it about in the ignition . the cop watch . as the engine refuse to catch , Larry start to panic . larry ignition 's a bit temperamental . cop right . more fiddling . no ignition . larry have to use a screwdriver . cop I see that . the car start . phil thanks for everything , officer . we would best be off ... he look meaningfully at the cop , who grudgingly move back . as they move off , stanley hurry round the corner with he overnight bag in he hand . int . hearse - outside mortuary . morning Inside the car , phil bang on the dashboard in joy and exultation . phil yes ! we do it !! larry do what ? what do we do ? phil change the subject . phil what be all that babbling about earlier ? larry I do not babble . I just ... have a problem with authority . 41 . con tinue D : phil what the hell do that mean ? larry I do not like they and I do not know what to say to they . they make I feel uneasy . phil well of course they make you feel uneasy . they be suppose to make you feel uneasy . Larry sulk . phil shake he head and glance back at the cop and Larry crash the car straight into the hangar wall . ext . outside mortuary . morning we pull back to reveal the enormous open that Larry have miss . int . hearse - outside mortuary . morning they both sit there , stare out of the windshield at the wall . phil you hit the wall . larry I clipped it . I clipped the wall . phil ( shout ) there 's a gap fifty yard wide ! you just have to aim for the gap . how could you miss the gap ? larry ( babbles ) I be distract . we be suppose to be pick someone up and you arrive with a coffin and I would only just wake up and ... the cop peer in at the window and gesture at phil to wind it down . as he do , the glass fall out . phil hello , officer . I guess they make this hearse wider than they need to ... the cop ignore he and concentrate on Larry . 42 . con tinue D : cop be you on drug , boy ? Larry swallow hard . larry uh , not at this time , no sir . cop not at this time . okay , well let 's see . you just miss a gap of fifty yard and hit a wall in broad daylight . why be that ? Larry lick he lip . larry well ... pause . phil will he to speak . phil well ... still nothing . Larry look like he 's try to form word , but nothing emerge . cop now I be gonna ... the radio in he car crackle into life . we - and he - be too far away to hear what be say . he be tear for a moment , but then : cop ( cont 'd ) wait . he walk back to he car . phil shake he head . phil fantastic . well do . larry oh , right . so it 's all my fault ? phil you ... you just drive into a wall ! of course it 's you fault . Jesus ! they both stare out of the window at the cop , who be talk animatedly into he radio . then the flash light and siren go on . phil ( cont 'd ) here it come ... 43 . con tinue D : ( 2 ) the police car drive up to , and then past , the hearse , before disappear out of the hanger at speed . phil and Larry look at each other . phil ( cont 'd ) well ? larry well what ? phil well , what be we do now ? larry he say to wait . phil just stare at he . after a moment , Larry reverse bernice and then drive the batter car through the gap and out of the hangar . phil slump back in he seat . phil Nice go , hippie . go right through the gap that time . Larry say nothing . phil lean back in he seat . phil ( cont 'd ) well , we get it . whoooh !!! Larry slam the brake on and the huge car skid to a halt in a cloud of dust . phil be flung forward in he seat . phil ( cont 'd ) Jesus ... what now ? larry get out . phil what be you talk about ? he look nervously out of the back window . phil ( cont 'd ) c'mon , we gotta keep move . larry get out and take you friend with you . phil look , I can see you be a bit ... sensitive about this whole ... casket thing . 44 . con tinue D : ( 3 ) larry get out . phil ( shout ) stop say that ! I can not get out . larry why not ? phil I ... look , it 's not right to throw I out onto the street with a coffin . Larry slip the car into gear and it move forward . phil ( cont 'd ) thank God . Larry make a u-turn . phil ( cont 'd ) what the hell be you do ? larry I be drive back to the mortuary . phil you can not do that . nearly at the turn now . phil open the car door with a mind to jump out , but one look at the fast- move road change he mind . he glower at Larry and shut the door . the hearse skid round the corner , Larry slam on the brake and the car slide to a halt outside the mortuary . larry talk . phil what talk ? Larry gesture towards the back of the car . larry who 's the stiff ? int . mortuary . morning the clerk be stand at the counter stare at stanley . clerk parson ? 45 . con tinue D : stanley parson . the clerk look worried . clerk Long blond hair , blue eye , mid - twenty ? stanley well ... yes . clerk be he in a Berkeley ? stanley what 's a Berkeley ? clerk a luxury casket of solid mahogany , finish with a split - hinge lid , eight brass plate casket handle and a engrave inscription plate . int . LA department of births marriage &amp ; death . morning Barbara be sit in a cubicle opposite a middle - age woman in a suit . her allure appear lose on the official , who give the dress a disapprove look . barbara parson . official parson . and he 's a ... musician ? she say ' musician ' with great distaste . barbara be . he be a musician . the woman flick through some papers on she desk . Barbara watch she . eventually : official I be afraid we have no official notification of death . with a flourish , Barbara place a copy of the LA Times on the table . the headline be ' country - rock Pioneer Dead ' in large black print . the official glance at it and give a thin smile . 46 . con tinue D : official ( cont 'd ) at this current time , the Greater Los Angeles registrar of births , marriage and death do not regard the local newspaper as a official recorder of record . int . hearse - outside mortuary . morning Larry be stare at phil. wait . phil can we please talk about this later ? this be not a great place to be right now . Larry move to get out of the car . phil grab he arm . phil ( cont 'd ) oh , just a minute . now I understand ... you think there 's a body back there . he start to laugh . phil ( cont 'd ) you think there 's a body in the coffin ! Larry watch he laugh . phil catch the look and stop laugh . phil ( cont 'd ) I can fully understand why you would think that . I mean , it be a coffin and all . but would I - would I really - steal a real live dead body ? int . mortuary . morning stanley and the clerk be stare at each other . stanley you just give the body away ? clerk well , it 's not like this be a bank . people round here do not generally take dead body they be not entitle to . stanley why do you give it to he ? 47 . con tinue D : clerk well , he sign for it . stanley who sign for it ? the clerk peer at he paperwork . when he eventually speak , it be wearily . clerk John nobody . stanley and where do I find this John nobody ? the clerk 's attention switch to a point just above stanley 's shoulder . he point out through the window to where the hearse be park over a hundred yard away . clerk there . int . hearse - outside mortuary . morning Larry be stare at phil . larry empty ? phil absolutely , completely , totally . larry it look pretty heavy , for a empty casket . phil they be make of finest ... poplar . that 's very heavy wood . larry poplar ? no way ? mahogany , or oak , but not ... phil look , I be not go to argue with you now . poplar be very well suite to the make of coffin . Larry stare hard at phil . we see the door of the mortuary open over Larry 's shoulder and stanley and the clerk emerge . then : 48 . con tinue D : larry okay . so why have we get a empty coffin in the back of the car ? phil glance at the approach stanley . phil I be ... sell they on to a company in Palm Springs . lot of stiff , lot of money . and then of course , it 's very environmentally sound . and ... look , under the circumstance , perhaps we should renegotiate the financial arrangement between we . Larry still stare at phil . stanley be almost at the car . phil ( cont 'd ) fifty-fifty ? that baby 's worth two grand . stanley be get ever closer . phil can see he in he wing mirror . Larry release the safety brake and the giant car roar away , leave stanley stand in a cloud of dust . int . LA department of births marriage &amp ; death . morning Barbara pick up the newspaper and rip it into piece , which she scatter onto the desk . she walk towards the door . official do not forget now ... Barbara keep walk . official ( cont 'd ) notification of death . Barbara be go , the door slamm behind she . int . hearse . day Larry drive . phil be still pitching . they be drive alongside the airport runway . phil so then Bobby transfer them into hardboard box just prior to the cremation and I drive the casket over to a guy I know in Palm Springs who resell they . 49 . con tinue D : larry as new ? phil well I be not sure the ' one careful owner ' thing work with coffin . larry the whole thing be completely immoral . phil yeah , well . I see how outrage you be back there , when I mention money . just think of it as recycle . larry look , I really need to get home . phil why ? larry I just ... do . Larry be sweat . phil well , while I acknowledge the power of you argument , we have to be somewhere else . so just settle back and enjoy the ride . Larry slow the car down . phil ( cont 'd ) what now ? larry Gas now . Larry pull the car onto a Gas station forecourt . ext . gas station forecourt . day a attendant be fill bernice . he look phil over . attendant you a undertaker ? phil sure be . 50 . con tinue D : attendant ai not yer surpose to be in black ? phil nope . we be special rock and roll undertaker . musical mortician . int . rest room - gas station . day Larry be sit on the toilet seat - still fully dress but bent double with cramp . then phil bang on the door and call from outside . phil ( o.s ) c'mon , hippie - let 's roll . Larry turn to look at he reflection in the grimy mirror . he be shaking . ext . gas station forecourt . day the tank be full , and the attendant screw the cap back on . phil reach into the back and pull out he jerry can . he pass it to the guy . phil High test . attendant this car run on regular . phil raise a eyebrow , glance across at the casket , and wink . phil who say it 's for the car ? the man gape at he . Larry walk over to the car and phil get into the passenger seat . he pass some money to the attendant and take the can . attendant ai not fer the car ? phil nope . Larry jiggle the screwdriver , slip bernice into gear , and they be go . the attendant watch they go . int . hearse . day Larry be drive , phil be look out of the window . they be still in a build up area with car around they . 51 . con tinue D : larry we could go back . phil why would we want to do that ? larry I be not expect a long trip . I have not pack any spare clothes . we could pick up some supplies and drive out tomorrow . phil you want to go home to pick up fresh clothes ? larry well , yes . phil stare at he . phil and then drive back out tomorrow ? larry we could do that . phil just drive the car , okay ? larry we could just ... phil no. larry it would ... phil no . larry I ... phil no . int . barbara' home . day Barbara be stand in she sit room , the phone to she ear . barbara you might need to repeat that . 52 . con tinue D : her mouth drop open and she sink down onto she couch . barbara ( cont 'd ) stolen ? what the hell do you mean , steal ? who steal a body ? int . hearse . day phil be smoking . Larry be drive , he finger tapping nervously on the wheel . he look distract and speak to break the silence . larry I still do not fully understand what you do . phil well , I do everything . larry everything ? phil this little number be for drink money . by trade I be a Road manager . larry oh , one of that . like a well - pay gopher . phil no , not like a well - pay gopher . I be responsible for movement , maintenance and management . I be a confidante and a companion , a partner and a patron , a ally , agent and ambassador . I be like a executive nanny . not a gopher . Larry back down with hint of sarcasm larry a executive nanny , not a gopher . thanks for clear that up . ext . 10 freeway . LA. day bernice cruise along the freeway then take a exit for joshua tree . int . mortuary . day stanley and the clerk be stand just inside the hangar door . 53 . con tinue D : stanley so where be the cop ? the clerk pull the money out of he top pocket and look at it . he shrug he shoulder . clerk I call they . stanley there 's suppose to be a funeral in New Orleans . I need to find my boy . clerk New Orleans ? clerk point into the distance . clerk ( cont 'd ) the man say he 's go to joshua Tree , Louisiana . stanley joshua Tree ? int . phil' sitting room . day susie be move she suitcase into the sit room when there be a bang on the front door . susie open the door and Barbara be stand outside . barbara where 's the son of a bitch ? susie the son of a bitch be not here . barbara well , he 's steal Gram . susie look bemuse . susie stolen Gram ? Barbara light a cigarette . barbara they have some kind of weird pact . I think phil 's take Gram out to the desert . susie why ? 54 . con tinue D : barbara some kind of voodoo thing with hot wax and doll to stick pin in . susie do not be ridiculous . Barbara glance down at the pack bag and smile . barbara now that be a wise move , if you ask I . susie I do not ask you . ext . melon stall . day the hearse be park by the side of the road , near a rickety stall where a old lady sit , sell melon . Larry sit inside and phil walk to a phone by the side of the road . he dial . int . phil' sitting room . day the girl be still argue . barbara you will learn about phil Kaufman . if you stick around long enough . susie and you know he ? barbara I know he 's a brainless , interfere asshole , yes . susie I do not need to listen to this garbage . the phone start to ring . susie instinctively move towards it , then stop . Barbara watch carefully . barbara that 's he , be not it ? susie generally , it 's best to answer the phone to discover who 's call . she still make no move to answer it . 55 . con tinue D : barbara Fine . she walk across the room and pick up the phone . ext . melon stall . day phil be hold the phone . phil hello baby , it 's the love machine . how be ya ? int . phil' sitting room . day Barbara smile unpleasantly . barbara hello Kaufman . I know what you be up to , you thieve bastard . I know where you be go , and I know about you sick , revolting plan , and I be come after you . and when I catch you ... ext . melon stall . day phil look surprised . phil hello Barbara . how nice to hear from you again . and so soon ... suddenly the door of the hearse fly open and Larry run out . phil hold the phone away from he ear as Barbara 's shouting can be hear come out of the receiver . he watch as Larry just make it to a cactus and be violently sick . he glance across to where the old melon woman watch , expressionless , from she stall . after a moment , Larry wipe himself down and walk back to the car . phil ( cont 'd ) sorry barb , gotta go . he go to replace the receiver , and then pop in a last comment . phil ( cont 'd ) it 's be real , though . he put the phone down , cut off Barbara 's squawk and watch Larry get into the hearse . he frown . 56 . int . phil' sitting room . day Barbara slam the phone down . then she pick up the receiver again and smashes it onto the table . barbara sonofabitch ! she walk to the door , brush past susie . then she stop . barbara ( cont 'd ) okay , honey . do you want to see who phil Kaufman really be ? do you want to see what he 's capable of ? Barbara show susie the door . barbara ( cont 'd ) or maybe you already know I be right . susie hesitantly dismiss the challenge . susie you do not know shit about he . barbara well why do not we find out ? Barbara turn and walk out . susie look at she pack bag then follow . int . hearse . day phil get into the hearse , look back at the coffin and sniff . he look down at the air conditioning and turn it up full . Larry start the engine and the car stall . phil so what 's that about ? larry sunstroke . phil shake he head . phil you have hardly leave the car since we meet . how can you have sunstroke ? larry I be susceptible . 57 . con tinue D : phil do not look convinced . phil you be a winner , that 's what you be . a winner ... eventually , the engine catch . phil immediately gesture at a small road that head off into the desert . phil ( cont 'd ) turn off here . larry this be not the way to Palm Springs . phil wink at he . phil it be if you be a coffin smuggler . ext . highway . day the old woman watch they go . start time lapse : we stay on the old woman and she melon stall as the light rapidly change , car and pedestrian whizz by , and a hour pass in moment . end time lapse . as we slow to normal speed , a car drive past , stop , and reverse back to park by the stall . ext . melon stall . day stanley get out of the avis / budget hire car . stanley good afternoon . old woman hello . he point at a melon . stanley I will take that one , please . old woman fifty cent . 58 . con tinue D : stanley I be wonder ... have you see a hearse pass this way in the last couple of hour ? old woman what 's it look like ? the question throw stanley . stanley well ... it ... it 's a big car . a big yellow car . two guy inside . old woman be one of them sick in they bush ? stanley well ... I do not know . maybe . the old woman nod . old woman yup . I see it . int . hearse . day Larry drive and talk , phil look tense . larry see , the yin be the negative - the darkside . and the Yang represent positive - good . if you like , the first be earth and the second heaven . dissolve to : int . hearse . day - a little later Larry still talk . phil now look bored . larry the yin Yang symbol be really evocative about the whole concept . as you travel around the circle , white or black will increase until the opposite color be almost go . but never totally go , right ? and this cycle then repeat for the opposite color . dissolve to : 59 . int . hearse . day - a little later Larry still talk , glance across to phil to make he point every now and then . phil be toss a cigarette into the air and try to catch it between he tooth . larry what seem like yin be often support by Yang , and vice versa . let I give you a example : to truly know good , you must first know evil , and without good as a comparison , nothing can be evil . so by allow yin to flourish , you welcome yan . by let go of yin , you be wait for its return . another example be ... there be a crash , and the car slam to a halt . Larry be throw forward , but manage to grab the wheel . phil be not so lucky , and catapult into the dashboard , before be throw back into he seat , the crumpled cigarette still grip between he tooth . ext . highway . day bernice have drive into a road sign set into a concrete pillar . in fact , the sign that bernice have drive into be the only thing anywhere near the road for mile in any direction . int . hearse . day phil be daze . he check he forehead , which be bleed . then he gaze out at the desolate road and the solitary , buckle sign . phil it would be really nice if we could get through a couple of hour without crash the car . larry I be distract . phil look out of the window at the vast expanse of nothing but desert . phil of course you be . 60 . con tinue D : there be a faint noise . Larry hear it first and then phil and then , as they strain to identify it , they see a tiny dot on the road ahead of they , which grow and grow as they watch it , and they peer hard into the wind to identify it and ... it 's a motorcycle cop . phil ( cont 'd ) I do not believe it . Middle of nowhere , and ... quick - stand in front of the car ! ext . highway . day they jump out of the car and shuffle sideways , until they be stand in front of the actual point of collision . larry what now ? phil pretend we be have a conversation . the buckle sign hang dangerously above they as they both grin at the approach policeman in a friendly manner . larry okay . what about ? phil I do not know what about ! ever since I meet you , you have talk . yabba , yabba , yabba , every waking minute . religion , you supersonic , supercharged car , the darkside . now you need to talk , and you can not think of anything to say . the cop slow down but drive past . phil wave at he . phil ( cont 'd ) whatever you damn fool religion be call , I think it work . larry well ... it 's more a philosophy than a religion . the cop do a U -turn and motor towards they . phil oh , well do . good work . he shoot a vicious look at Larry . the cop park he bike and remove he helmet . 61 . con tinue D : as he open he mouth to speak , a headlight fall off the car and roll off the road . they all watch it go . motorcycle cop afternoon . phil afternoon , officer . how 's it go today ? the sign give a ominous creak . Larry take a sideways step , out of danger . motorcycle cop oh , it 's go fine , thank you . how be thing with you ? phil Fine , fine . we just ... stop to take a look at ... he wave he arm at the desert . phil ( cont 'd ) ... the fine view you folk have get around here . the cop take he sunglass off and take a look around , as if it 's the first time he 's see it . motorcycle cop well , it be mighty nice around this part . if you like desert . they all look appreciatively at the desert , and the cop glance down at the key in Larry 's hand . motorcycle cop ( cont 'd ) ( to Larry ) and how be thing with you today , sir ? Larry look flustered . larry ooooh , I be well . really well , actually . thank you . the cop do not respond , just keep look at Larry with a pleasant half - smile on he face . motorcycle cop the reason I ask , be that you appear to have drive into one of we road sign . 62 . con tinue D : ( 2 ) Larry turn and appear to see the huge buckle pole for the first time . larry oh. motorcycle cop I be surprised that you have not notice earlier , as it do appear to be impede you forward progress . phil start to laugh . phil that 's a great line ... the cop turn to phil . he be still smile . motorcycle cop thank you . a long pause . then : motorcycle cop ( cont 'd ) I wonder if you gentleman can help I ? phil anything . motorcycle cop I be look for some fellow who steal a body back there at the airport . Larry wobble with shock . larry a body ? stole a body ? motorcycle cop a body . Rather like the one in the back of you car . larry that 's a empty coffin , officer . the cop ignore he . phil light he cigar . 63 . con tinue D : ( 3 ) motorcycle cop I know it sound strange . but this guy - there be two of they - they steal a body , load it into the back of a old yellow hearse paint with flower , and they be suppose to be drive out this way . Larry think hard . larry hearse . Flowers . he look to phil for support . phil raise a eyebrow . phil I think he 's onto we , Larry . he 's just have a little fun at we expense . the cop be no longer smile . motorcycle cop in the car , please . phil open the door and empty beer bottle cascade out into the road . they get into the car and the cop cuff they together through the steering wheel and take the car key . then he walk back over to he bike and start to talk into the radio . int . hearse . day phil close he eye and shake he head . phil God damn ! larry he say a body . he say we steal a body . phil open he eye . phil he mean a coffin . larry he do not say ' coffin ' . he say ' body ' . tell I we have not steal a real person . 64 . con tinue D : phil look , the place that I get the coffin from probably have not file a report yet . it will all be sort out within the hour . trust I . larry oh , I be just overflow with trust for you , man . I feel this overwhelming feel of ... trust every time I look at you . he shake he head . larry ( cont 'd ) I be gonna check inside that box just as soon as we be out of here . they both stare out of the window . phil bang the cuff against the wheel . phil Jesus ! they sit glower out of different window at different bit of desert . the motorcycle cop can be hear talk into he radio . larry what be we go to do ? phil time . larry what ? phil ( bitterly ) we be go to be arrest , that 's what we be go to do . then we will go to court and then we will go to jail and we will do that for a while . Larry mull this over . larry what about if I could slip out of this cuff ? phil treat the theoretical question with indifference . 65 . con tinue D : ( 2 ) phil yeah , that would be great . then we could suspend you from a bridge in a straitjacket and set the rope on fire . larry no , really . I really can slip this cuff . he have phil 's attention now . phil okay . show I . Larry pop he middle finger out of its socket , squeeze he hand and slide it out of the handcuff . he hand the other cuff to phil , who stare at he in astonishment . larry do you think we should go ? phil yes , I think we should go . Larry start the car . he throw it into reverse and the bumper slowly disengage from the metal signpost . suddenly the car tear loose and fly backwards , smash into the cop 's motorcycle , leave he hold the radio and its trail wire . Larry slam on the brake . larry oh shit . phil nicely do . he roll down he window and address the cop , who be stare with horror at he ruin motorcycle . phil ( cont 'd ) we will be move on , now that you sign no longer appear to be impede we forward progress . bernice accelerate away but slowly start to turn in a wide ark and circle the smashed bike . the cop chase they . int . hearse . day phil scream at Larry . phil what the hell be you do ? 66 . con tinue D : larry the steering lock be on . phil well ... turn it off ! larry I can not - he 's get the key . phil turn to watch the chase policeman . phil so , we have escape but we can only drive in a circle ? larry yes . ext . desert . day they do another circuit . the exhaust cop stop , breathe heavily , and then watch in astonishment as the hearse turn and head back towards he . int . hearse . day phil and Larry stare at the policeman out of the window as the car sweep past . the cop get he gun out of he holster , and phil reach into the glove box and pull out the screwdriver . he lean across Larry , jam it into the wheel column , and snap the steering lock in two . the hearse 's direction immediately change . phil can we please go ? larry okay . ext . desert . day the hearse roar away and the cop watch it go . int . barbara' car . day Barbara drive and susie sit in the passenger seat . it do not look as if they have speak for hour . susie if you hate phil so much , why be you chase he across California ? barbara he 's get Gram and I need he . 67 . con tinue D : susie well , that 's really touch . but ... you have get to come to term with the fact that he 's dead . Barbara shoot she a wither look . barbara I know he 's dead , honey . but he have not be officially identify , and there 's no certificate of death . susie I do not understand . barbara let 's just say I be overly sentimental , okay ? susie this be all about money , be not it ? barbara be not everything ? susie why do you think you deserve anything ? barbara I be a great support to Gram before Kaufman come along and spoiled the party . susie phil 's not responsible for you problem with Gram . barbara what do you know ? susie I know that he can be a pain in the ass , but when it come to Gram , phil only ever do the right thing . barbara in he whole life , phil Kaufman do not do anything because it be the right thing to do . you can bet the ranch that wherever he be , he 's have some fun . 68 . con tinue D : ( 2 ) susie maybe that 's what I like about he . barbara sure it be , honey . that 's why you bag be pack . susie have you any idea what it 's like to really love someone ? Barbara laugh . barbara you might exclusively love phil Kaufman - but unfortunately , so do he . you be just handy to have around . susie I do not have to listen to this . susie lean over , grab the safety brake and pull it up hard . the car swerve and skid to a stop . susie ( cont 'd ) okay , you vindictive bitch . I be go with you to joshua Tree because my life seem to have be turn upside down and I want to know why . but you do not know I and I will not let you judge I . do it again and I will smash that pretty little face of yours off the fuck road . get it ? Barbara dismiss she anger with a tight little smile . barbara the truth can hurt , can not it ? int . hearse . day - later phil finish he beer , rub he eye and slump back in he seat . he look terrible , but not as bad as Larry who be pasty and sweat . larry well , that 's it ! they be go to lock I up and throw away the key . phil why would they do that ? 69 . con tinue D : larry you see what happen . I drive over that cop 's bike . that 's destruction of police property , or something . phil you worry too much . larry not ' till I meet you ... phil finish he beer and peer at the empty bottle . then something catch he eye and he lean forward in he seat . phil Jesus - what the hell be that ? a large plaster dinosaur appear ahead . larry it 's a dinosaur . phil very perceptive . what 's it do ? as they get nearer , they can see that the huge model be carry a sign . larry ( read ) ' the polyonax place ' . ( aside : to phil ) a polyonax be probably some kind of dinosaur . phil shoot he a look . larry ( cont 'd ) ( read ) ' dinoburger , reptile steak and primeval Soup . titanosaurion portion , prehistoric pricing . liquor serve ' . phil pull over - let 's ... eat . larry let 's not . the cop will be after we and we should just get on to Palm Springs and do the thing , and then I can get home and you can ... do whatever it be you do . let 's do that . 70 . con tinue D : ( 2 ) phil we need to stop . I be start to get hungry . I be not nice hungry . larry you surprise I . I vote we keep go . phil what give you the impression this be a democracy ? ext . polyonax place . day the hearse pull up around the back of the building , and park in a place that be hide from the road . phil get out and stretch . he be join by Larry , and they both peer round the side of the building to check that they have not be observe . then they walk towards the entrance . ext . desert road . day a Police car with siren blaring and light flash speed past on the road . int . kitchen - the polyonax place . day we be with a short - order cook . he expertly flip a burger from a hotplate and add it to a plate overflow with bacon , sausage and fries . he slip this plate onto a tray on which there be a second plate contain two piece of plain bread and some lettuce . he ding a bell and a waiter enter and pick up the tray . we move with the tray as he carry it from the kitchen and into the dining area . he stop at the bar to load three foam glass of beer and a glass of water onto the tray , and deliver it to phil and Larry , who be sit in a window booth . Larry have he head rest on the table . he lift it as soon as the food arrive . phil you frighten he . larry I do not . phil everyone else , he announce the food when he bring it . diplodocus this and allosaurus that . we he just slap it down and run for cover . they both look at Larry 's bread and lettuce . 71 . con tinue D : phil ( cont 'd ) it 's probably the rabbit food . larry look , I be a vegetarian . I have a problem with dead flesh . okay ? phil I understand . really I do . that stuff will mess you right up every time . phil pick up the first beer and downs it in one go . int . stanley' car . day . stanley be drive along the road . he put he hand in he pocket , take out he hip flask , pop the lid and go to take a drink . it 's empty . then he notice the dinosaur . int . the polyonax place . day phil push he full plate away and finish off the third beer . he get up . Larry notice he have not eat anything . larry I think you be hungry . phil ignore he . phil gotta make a call . he glance around and then walk over to the bar . phil ( cont 'd ) hey man , where 's the phone ? barman out back . he jerk he head by way of direction . phil wander off just as the door open and stanley walk in . stanley good afternoon . barman yup . stanley do you have a telephone I might use ? barman in a minute , I do . 72 . con tinue D : stanley in a minute ? barman yeah . phone 's for customer . stanley look confuse . then he understand . stanley I would better order , then . barman right . stanley pick up a menu . int . ' out back ' - the polyonax place . day phil dial a number on the phone . int . phil' sitting room . day the sit room be empty . the phone ring . and ring . int . ' out back ' - the polyonax place . day when it become clear that no one be go to answer , phil replace the receiver and walk back into the diner . he push past stanley as he go to the bar . int . the polyonax place . day phil join Larry and put a bag of beer on the table . larry speak to she ? phil who ? larry you girlfriend ? you wife ? phil none of you damn business . larry so you do not ? a pause . phil no . 73 . con tinue D : larry maybe she 's out . Shopping , or something . phil pour the rest of he beer down he throat , before signal the barman to serve he another . phil yeah , that will be it . Shopping . he raise a eyebrow at Larry . behind he , we see stanley walk in and take a seat at the bar . stanley ( to barman ) beer . the barman give stanley he beer . stanley ( cont 'd ) would you put a scotch in there , please ? barman sure . he pour the spirit in . barman ( cont 'd ) bad day ? stanley rub the top of he head . stanley yeaaaaah . yeah , a real bad day . barman what happen ? stanley my boy die out here the other day , and some punk have steal he body . stanley reach for he pocket . the barman put he hand up to refuse the money . barman that 's worth a shot on the house . the barman tip a little more scotch into the beer . stanley thanks . 74 . con tinue D : ( 2 ) stanley take a drink . phil slip some money on the bar and stand up . phil ( to Larry ) we gotta go . Larry be listen to the conversation . larry have not finish my drink . barman ( to stanley ) why would someone steal a body ? phil pick up the glass of water and drink it down . phil all go . c'mon . he turn and walk to the door . stanley well , maybe they be souvenir hunter or something . my boy 's kinda famous ... barman who be he ? phil be back . stanley Gram parson . the barman look surprised . barman Gram parson ? phil reach across and grab the back of Larry 's jacket . larry Gram parson ? both the barman and stanley look round , but Larry 's stool be now empty , spin . he and phil be already at the door . ext . outside the polyonax place . day phil propel Larry outside . 75 . con tinue D : larry Gram parson ? be Gram parson dead ? phil better get go . larry he say someone take Gram parson 's body . two people ... phil yeah , he be a real blabbermouth . in fact , I think he be never gonna stop talk . anyway , although that 's real interesting , we have gotta keep to the schedule . larry schedule ? what schedule ? there be no schedule ... phil well , I think we should just make we delivery as soon as possible , do not you ? get we package to Palm Springs . remember ? Larry look horrify . larry Package ? we have steal that man 's son . phil stolen ... he son ? that 's outrageous ! I be appal that you could even think we would do such a thing . they move round the back of the polyonax place , where bernice be hide behind a outhouse . larry I do not know what you take I for . I want to see in that box . Larry walk round to the back of the car . phil we have really get to go . Larry swing open the back window and pull at the casket . larry it 's heavy . 76 . con tinue D : ( 2 ) phil glance at he watch . phil okay , then . well , if you be satisfied , let 's go . larry I say it 's heavy . phil heavy , yes . well , it be make of wood . Wood be heavy . actually . larry yeah , I remember . finest poplar . Larry slide the top of the casket off and look inside . he recoil . larry ( cont 'd ) jesusjesusjesus ... he drop the lid and look at phil , horrify . phil walk over and look inside . phil gosh , they must have give we a full one . we will have to sort that all out when we get to Palm Springs and ... Larry be stare at he with horror . larry oh my God . you steal Gram parson . phil give up . phil well , technically , we steal Gram parson . larry I steal a coffin , I do not know there be a body in it . phil I would save that line for court . as the enormity of the news start to sink in , Larry hop up and down in panic . phil watch he . phil ( cont 'd ) what be you do now ? 77 . con tinue D : ( 3 ) Larry be lose control . larry I do not know ! what be I do ? I mean ... what - be - i-doing ? why be I here ? why be I with you ? what be go on ? phil calm down . larry I think it be bad enough when I run over the cop 's bike , but now I be a fuck body snatcher . phil well , when you have quite finish , we should go . Larry goggle at he . his voice take on a level of hysteria . larry go ? you go . I tell you what I be go to do . I be go inside and I be go to give that man he son back . I be go to do the right thing , I be go to follow my conscience , I be go to ... Larry walk towards the bar , then quick walk , then run . phil tackle he around the leg and they both fall . Larry 's head hit the ground hard and he lie there unconscious . phil shit ! phil pick he up , sling he into the passenger seat , and slide behind the wheel . the hearse move off . int . the polyonax place . day stanley take another drink and glance out of the window , just as the bright yellow hearse drive past . he stand up and walk to the window . stanley Son of a bitch ! ext . outside the polyonax place . day the hearse pick up speed and power down the highway out into the desert . 78 . int . barbara' car . day susie seethes and Barbara smoke . susie you be not a very nice person , be you ? barbara Nice ? no , I suppose not . do it matter ? susie look surprised . susie it might get you further . barbara I do okay . listen , I be a orphan at fourteen and a waitress at fifteen . I do what I do because it put food on my table , and because if I do not look after myself , no - one else will . susie so what do you want from we ? barbara I do not want anything from you . it would be a bonus to see Kaufman crash and burn , but I do not need to be there when it happen . susie why do you hate phil so much ? Barbara light another cigarette . barbara Gram be the first good guy I ever hook up with . he be not perfect , but it work between we . we just seem to fit together . but Gram be already wild , and I make he wilder . Kaufman watch over he like a hawk , and when he feel thing be get out of control , he turn Gram against I . I lose the only decent thing in my life . susie surely phil be just look after Gram ? 79 . con tinue D : barbara Gram be a adult . he do not need a nursemaid . susie except that now he 's dead . barbara yeah . without my help and while Kaufman be babysit . silence for a moment . susie I do not like you much , Barbara . barbara that 's fine . I just want what 's mine and then I be go . go real fast . ext . highway . evening the hearse power through along the desert highway . they pass a sign which read ' if you be look for the joshua Tree National monument , you be get Close . if you be not , you be get lose ... ' int . hearse . night phil be get very tired , he vision be blur and he shake he head to wake himself up . he glance across and see that Larry be awake and stare at he . phil welcome back , hippie . larry so why d'ya do it ? phil do what ? larry have a guess . there be a moment 's silence . phil well , I give my word . this be what Gram want . larry what , cruise around the desert until he start to smell ? be you - both bomb ? 80 . con tinue D : phil look offended . phil do you have friend ? larry of course I have friend . phil well , what would you do for they ? larry anything , within reason . phil stare out of the window . phil that 's what I hate about people like you . everything 's ' within reason ' . there be always boundary , provisos . you only operate with a safety net . Larry be confuse . larry tell I something - if it be the other way round , would Gram be sit here , drive you bone out into the desert ? phil say nothing . larry ( cont 'd ) well ? phil you have miss the point . see , it do not matter what he would do , or what you and you tie -dy friend think be the correct way to behave . to I , it only matter what I do . where you have boundary and limit and threshold - I only have right and wrong . if I make a promise , I keep it - that 's right . if I break that promise - that 's wrong . phil rub he eye , tired . suddenly , Larry smashes phil across the head with a bottle of Jack Daniels . phil slump back in the seat and Larry , drop the bloody weapon , reach across to grab the wheel and slow the hearse . 81 . ext . highway . night bernice fishtail across the road as Larry struggle to retain control . it eventually slide to a halt . Larry get out and run round to the driver ' door . int . hearse . night Larry stare down at phil . larry ohmygod . he slide phil across the seat and slip behind the wheel . he shout at the unconscious phil. larry ( cont 'd ) you make I do it , you bastard ! I have never hit anyone in my life , but you push and you push and ... you give I no choice . Larry prod phil to ensure he 's unresponsive . ext . highway . night the hearse execute a wide u-turn before gently rejoining the highway and head back towards town . a moment after complete the turn , the one remain headlight stutter and go out . bernice pull off the road . int . hearse . night larry shit . he flick the headlight switch , but to no avail . then , in the distance , he see a car approach . stanley can be glimpse in the drive seat as the car flash past . larry ( cont 'd ) shit. shitshitshit . ext . highway . night bernice rejoin the road and drive slowly off into the darkness after stanley . int . hearse . night phil be motionless , and Larry peer out into the darkness as the car limp on , light only from the light of the moon . Larry see a glow in the distance ahead , and drive towards a neon sign ; ' welcome to the joshua Tree Inn ' . 82 . con tinue D : he stop by the entrance to the inn and stare at stanley 's car park in the bay outside room 8 . he glance across at phil , turn the car around and drive in . ext . joshua tree inn . night bernice glide to a stop in the bay next to stanley 's car . Larry get out and look around . after a moment , he walk over to the door of room eight and knock . ext . outside room 8 - joshua tree inn . night a tired - look stanley open the door . stanley yeah ? larry hi. stanley hello . they stare at each other . larry um. I be one of the guy that take you son . after a moment , stanley step back and open the door . stanley you would better come in . ext . highway / car park - joshua tree inn . night a car drive past the inn and then brake sharply and skid across the road . it reverse and pull in , parking next to the hearse . Barbara and susie get out and look around . then susie walk over to the hearse 's passenger window and rap on the glass , and Barbara march to the back of the hearse and attempt to open it . she can not . barbara where 's the catch on this piece of shit ? susie notice phil , slump in the seat . susie phil ? phil ! 83. int . hearse - joshua tree inn . night phil come to . he look out of the window at susie , then at the ' joshua Tree ' sign , then at the door to room eight , then round to the back of the shaking hearse as Barbara try to get the door open . his jaw drop open and he rub he eye again , before get out of the car . ext . outside room 8 - joshua tree inn . night phil stand in front of susie . susie what happen to you head ? he touch he head and look at the blood on he finger . his handcuff hang from he wrist and susie stare at it . phil a hippie hit it . I think you would go . susie hold that think . phil what the hell do that mean ? susie I need to know what it be you be do . Barbara shout from the back of the car . barbara I tell you what he 's do ! he 's go to set fire to my Gram in some freaky ceremony with witch and black magic and ... doll . phil doll ? susie doll to stick pin in . phil what the hell be you talk about ? barbara ( shout ) I want my man back ! phil enough of this shit . 84 . con tinue D : phil walk over to the door of room 8 . phil ( cont 'd ) they have gotta be in here . it 's fate . he open the door and walk in . int . joshua tree inn - room 8 . night Larry and stanley be sit on the bed . phil shoot a vicious look at Larry . phil whatever happen to peace , love and understanding , hippie ? stanley you be Kaufman ? phil yup . stanley fold he arm . susie and Barbara follow phil into the room . stanley and you be ? susie I be with he . she indicate phil . barbara hello stanley . remember I ? the psychotic girlfriend ? stanley hello Barbara . nothing wrong with you memory . he turn to phil . stanley ( cont 'd ) do you sell ticket or something ? now , you boy want to tell I why you steal my son ? larry well , I do not even know he be in the box . 85 . con tinue D : phil I be go to cremate he , here in the desert where he feel most at home . that 's what he want . barbara the hell you be , Kaufman . stanley pick up the phone and start to dial . stanley you know I can not let you do that ? phil I know you have to . stanley smashes the receiver down onto the table . everyone jump . stanley I do not have to do anything , mister Kaufman . this be my loss ! this be my son ! how dare you try to take my grief away from I . phil it 's too late to claim he now . stanley what the hell do that mean ? they be almost nose - to- nose now . phil it mean that you be never there when it matter to Gram . it mean that you stop be a father the moment he stop do you bid . it mean that you learn to care too late . that 's what it mean . stanley I do not have to justify my relationship with Gram to you . phil not to I , no . stanley sit down . stanley it 's true that when Gram leave college , we drift apart . ( mor E ) 86 . con tinue D : ( 2 ) sta nley ( cont 'd ) he be a disappointment to I , because he would not use he brain . he have so much to offer , but he let it trickle away . phil no - he give it he all , but in a way you could never understand . and all he ever want from you be approval . he want you to be proud of what he have achieve . stanley I keep everything . every record , every article , every photo . phil it 's no good tell I . you should have tell he . stanley I love he . phil too late ... stanley look up at phil . stanley I understand that you be he right -hand man , as well as he friend ? phil I be both , yes . stanley and that you be not there when he die ? when he need you most ? a beat , then : phil yes . that 's right . stanley so the guilt be not all mine , then ? phil I guess not . susie walk over and take phil 's hand . stanley say nothing for a moment , but he eye fill with tear . 87 . con tinue D : ( 3 ) stanley you boy take away my son . I lose he once in life , and now you be try to take he from I again . he start to cry . Larry shoot a implore look at phil . Barbara glance around the room . barbara can we just cut through this ? she gesture at phil and Larry . barbara ( cont 'd ) you two steal the body . theft. indicate susie . barbara ( cont 'd ) sweetie , I be sorry , but you seem to be in the whole thing up to you neck . accessory . wave a hand at stanley . barbara ( cont 'd ) and you be a old fool who should have call the police , but have not . stupidity . she walk over to the phone . barbara ( cont 'd ) now , let 's just call the cop and get it do . the sooner we get we a death certificate and bury he , the sooner he soul will be properly laid to rest . phil walk over to Barbara , pick she up and carry she into the bathroom . barbara ( cont 'd ) hey ! what the hell be you do ? he emerge and slip the back of a chair under the handle , effectively lock the door . stanley Son , you have you chance to look after Gram , and now he 's dead . there be a ' bang ' from the bathroom , and the door shake . 88 . con tinue D : ( 4 ) barbara ( o.s ) bastard ! phil I only fail because I could not save he from himself . you fail he all he life . you never believe . I never doubted . stanley pause . stanley okay . you tell I why I should let you take my boy . phil I be he road manager and he friend . we love it out here in the desert , and we make a pact that whoever die first , the other would come down here and set they free . Gram give he word and I give mine . stanley think about this . stanley you be a couple of druggy . why should I believe you ? phil do not like the inference . phil I do not take drug . another ' bang ' from the bathroom . stanley turn to Larry . stanley what about you ? be you a druggie ? there be a long pause . then : larry yes . yes I be . phil close he eye . stanley pick up the receiver and start to dial . then phil jump up off the bed and walk out of the room . after a moment , Larry and susie follow . ext . outside room 8 - joshua tree inn . night phil be wait by the car . 89 . con tinue D : phil ( to Larry ) Nice work . let 's go . Larry give phil the screwdriver . larry I can not do this . this be not right . Larry walk away leave phil with susie . he look at she . susie just do whatever feel right to you . phil God damn ! after a moment , phil walk back into room eight . int . joshua tree inn - room 8 . night stanley be sit on the bed , the receiver in he hand . phil sit face he . phil do you call they ? stanley no . phil be you go to call they ? stanley well , you have not give I a reason not to . there be another ' crash ' from inside the bathroom . the door shake . phil there be not a reason . if someone try to steal my son 's body , I would stop they . for sure . Larry and susie quietly enter the room . stanley so you be prepare to go to jail ? phil I be expect to . 90 . con tinue D : barbara ( o.s ) do not you worry - it 's gonna happen ! larry mister parson ? phil and stanley look up . stanley what be it , son ? larry I have be a junkie for over four year . I start take heroin on June 5th 1969 at a concert in Indiana . I ... stanley you do not need ... Larry hold he hand up to stop stanley . larry I have take heroin , speed , upper , downer , blue , morphine , methadone , mushroom , quaalude , acid , valium , barbiturate , straight lsd , marijuana , marijuana lace with opium , nembutal , mescalin of course , and medical methaqualone , which make I shake uncontrollably for six week and vomit every hour . stanley ( dryly ) that 's very impressive , son . larry not my point . phil better make the point . larry I start work my way through that list on June 5th 1969 , and since then there have not be a day when I do not at least smoke one joint . phil shoot Larry a dangerous look . 91 . con tinue D : ( 2 ) phil be we sure that this be help ? Larry ignore he . larry and now I have stop . I stop because it seem that I have something more important to do . they all look at he . he gesture at phil . larry ( cont 'd ) he 's do this because he give he word . I be prepare to do this now because I think it 's right . and because I believe that each body have a soul . and Gram 's soul do not belong in a family plot surround by stranger . it belong here , where he be happiest . in the silence , susie walk over and grip phil 's hand . then stanley get up off the bed . stanley I be go to go say goodbye to my son . everyone look surprised . phil give Larry a look of appreciative approval . Barbara start to kick furiously at the door from inside the bathroom . stanley pause for a moment , and then walk outside . phil and Larry watch he go , and susie walk over to kiss phil . phil what 's that for ? susie that 's for fail to reinforce my expectation . phil well ... I will have to do that more often . the three of they move to the door , and phil turn to Larry . phil ( cont 'd ) do you really take all that drug ? larry of course not . 92 . con tinue D : ( 3 ) he grin at phil . larry ( cont 'd ) I may have get a little carry away ... the door of the bathroom shake and one of the hinge fly across the room . phil c'mon , time to go ... ext . outside room 8 . night phil , Larry and susie leave room eight . they look around with surprise , but there be no sign of stanley . phil open the back of the hearse and take a quick peek inside the casket . phil just check . larry yeah , he take the body and stuff it in the trunk of he car before escape into the night . Larry be already behind the wheel . phil open the car door and look at susie . phil be you come ? she smile at he . susie I reckon I be . she get in . there be a final , almighty ' crash ' from inside room eight . the three of they look at each other , and then bernice be go into the darkness . a moment later Barbara run outside . she leap into she car and screech after they . in the distance a blue flash police light suddenly materialize . int . barbara' car . night Barbara be on the road , drive fast . suddenly a blue flash police light fill she mirror . barbara thank God ! she pull over and the police cruiser pull in behind she . the traffic cop walk up and look through the window . 93 . con tinue D : traffic cop evenin ' mar 'am . Barbara give it everything . barbara please help I , they have get my boyfriend 's corpse and they be go to perform a ritual with he body . the cop turn on he torch and peer at she carefully . traffic cop May I see you drive license please , mar 'am ? barbara my drive license ? traffic cop please . barbara I have just tell you that they have steal a body and you want to see my drive license ? he just stare at she . Barbara be lose it . barbara ( cont 'd ) you people be suppose to be on the lookout for a hearse . a hearse be a big long car . you can usually tell which one be the hearse , because they have coffin in the back . the one we be look for be paint yellow . do this look like a yellow hearse to you , asshole ? Long pause . Barbara realize that she might have go too far . he start to write a ticket . barbara ( cont 'd ) be that a ticket ? be you write I a ticket ? traffic cop yes it be , mar 'am . and yes I be . int . hearse . night phil indicate a area just off the road . 94 . con tinue D : phil cap rock . this be perfect . really peaceful ... Larry pull the hearse over near the rock . they all sit there for a moment . phil and Larry look at each other . ext . desert . night phil open the back of the hearse and slide the casket out of the car . he notice that Larry have make no move to help . susie sit on a rock and watch . phil you wanna give I a hand here ? Larry walk over and grab the other end of the casket . they walk it away from the car and lay it down . as they lower it , the coffin slip out of phil 's hand and bang down in the sand . phil ( cont 'd ) sorry , Gram . they stand and stare at the casket . susie walk over with the guitar and take phil 's hand . larry what now ? phil now we ... do it . he get the gasoline can from the car and stand over the casket . phil ( cont 'd ) take the top off . larry why ? phil flesh burn easier than wood . larry I can not believe you just say that . I be not take the top off . he walk off . phil put the can down and remove the top of the casket . he peer inside . 95 . con tinue D : phil ( to Gram ) hey , man . look a little peaky ... susie some decorum would be nice . phil right . he pour some gasoline into the casket . phil ( cont 'd ) do you think that 's enough ? against he better judgment , Larry walk over and peer inside . larry well , I do not know . maybe a little more . phil pour a little more fuel in . he look over at susie . phil enough ? susie I be not have a conversation with you about how much gasoline you need to burn a body . she back off . larry I think that will do it . phil stop pour and shake the can . phil only a little leave . he pour the rest of the can into the casket . susie walk over to stand next to phil . he look down at Gram . phil ( cont 'd ) I be sorry I be not there for you when it matter , but I be there before , and I have be there ever since . Gram , good luck to you , wherever you be . they all stare at the casket . phil wipe a tear away and tuck a can of beer into the coffin . 96 . con tinue D : ( 2 ) phil ( cont 'd ) that 's my last one , man . he rest Gram 's guitar against the casket , take big puff on he cigar to get the flame up , then toss it into the coffin . they wait . nothing happen . phil edge nearer and look inside . then the coffin explode into flame . all three of they be throw backwards by the blast . ext . highway . night the traffic cop be finish the ticket when there be a ball of flame in the distance . Barbara just scowl . traffic cop Jesus ! what the hell 's that ? barbara that will be Gram parson , on fire . traffic cop get in the car , mar 'am . now . ext . desert . night phil , Larry and susie pick themselves up . they stare at the pyre . phil be close to tear , and susie put she arm around he . for a moment , phil think he see the flame morph into the shape of a angel over the burn coffin . the image disappear when Larry speak . larry maybe too much fuel . phil Nah , I just do not factor in the booze inside of he . Gram always ... he break off as a flash police light appear in the darkness , follow by a siren . phil ( cont 'd ) I think we work here be do . Larry and susie run to the car . phil linger a moment , look down at the flame . then he follow the other . int . hearse . night phil jump into the car . phil go ! 97 . con tinue D : the huge car screech off into the darkness , with no light . int . car . night stanley watch as the hearse fly past he . he glance back at the fire , smile sadly , and bow he head for a moment . then he turn on the ignition and drive away into the darkness . ext . desert . night the police car arrive at the scene . Barbara and the cop get out . he peer into the flame . traffic cop how do you know it 's you boyfriend ? barbara ( sarcastically ) I recognize that birthmark on he shoulder . look , can I make a observation ? traffic cop be my guest . barbara we be in the desert . it be dark . if you want to catch someone in the dark , it 's best not to turn on big flash light and make a loud noise with a siren . traffic cop do you want to know what I think , mar 'am ? barbara no . but I be really , really keen to find out . the traffic cop stare into the fire . traffic cop I think it be suicide . he just want to get away from you . int . hearse . dawn phil be fast asleep and snore in bernice 's passenger seat . he wake slowly and shield he eye from the bright sunshine that pour through the windscreen . he pull a flask out of the glove compartment and take a long gargle , spitting the result out of the window . 98 . con tinue D : then he glance in the rear view mirror and see the man sit in the casket bay . gram sure be hot . phil hello , Gram . gram phil . Gram pull himself along the bay and onto the back seat . he then climb into the front , settles next to phil and hold he hand out for the flask . phil do you think you should ? gram not gonna hurt I now , be it ? he take a drink and look around . gram ( cont 'd ) Nice wheel . very stylish . phil they be very handy for transport dead people around . nothing better . gram I be dead , then ? phil you be more than dead , Gram . you and the box be down to bone and brass . gram oh , well . here 's mud in you eye . he take another drink and hand the flask back to phil . phil what can I do for you , Gram ? gram you assume I want something . phil well , you be here . and see as I just burn you to a cinder , you should not be . ( mor E ) 99 . con tinue D : ( 2 ) phi L ( cont 'd ) so I be guess you have get some kind of reason . gram well , okay . I just want to say thanks . phil what for ? gram do the thing that we agree , keep you word , keep they all away ... phil well , that 's okay , Gram . but I do not need thanking . gram you do not ? phil I be just take care of business . that 's what you pay I for - that 's what I do . Gram grin . gram you shoot for a raise ? phil actually , I just quit . Gram hold he hand out for the bottle and take a drink . gram well , I s'pose I should be get along . phil Goodbye , Gram . I be glad it all work out . gram what ? phil I say I be glad it all work out . and Gram be now Larry , peer down at phil . larry all what work out ? 100 . con tinue D : ( 3 ) phil sit bolt upright and look around the car . Larry and susie stare back at he . phil do not matter . can we go now ? I be get sick of sand . ext . highway . day we hear Gram 's : ' return of the grievous angel ' or some similar music . we follow bernice as she drive through the desert , and into Los Angeles . we follow she through the city street , and we stay with she as she park . fade down music . int . hearse . day phil turn off the ignition and sit back in he seat . he and Larry look at each other . larry well , we do it . we save a soul . he lean across to hug phil , who look awkward and pat he on the shoulder instead . phil sing my damn mustache , that 's for sure . phil pull a cigar out of he pocket and light it . the handcuff dangle from he wrist and bang against the dash . he stare at the match as it burn . larry well , shall we ? phil blow the match out . phil yeah . let 's roll , hippie . they all get out of the car . ext . los angele STREET . day phil turn to susie . phil where d' you think you might be when I be do ? 101 . con tinue D : susie I will be wait . phil yeah , but where ? there be a small moment of tension , before phil grin at she . they kiss . susie get out of here . finish it . phil pat bernice 's batter wing as he walk away and over to where Larry be wait . they cross the road and walk into a building through heavy wooden door . pull back to reveal a sign : ' Los Angeles Police Department ' . fade up on super : phil Kaufman and Larry osterberg appear in West L.A. Municipal Court on November 5 , 1973 - Gram parson 's 27th birthday . since a corpse have no intrinsic value , the two be charge with misdemeanor theft for steal the coffin and give a token punishment : $ 708 in damage for the coffin , and a $ 300 fine for each of the bodysnatcher .