gran torino written by Nick schenk fade in : int . church we be at the funeral of dorothy kowalski . in attendance be mostly old folk , they offspring and several bored teenager . walt kowalski stand towards the front of the church . he speak to a older man in a bulky , out - of - date suit . older man I be real sorry about dorothy , Walt . she be a real peach . walt thanks for come , al. Walt kowalski look young for he age . he have slate blue eye , physically fit and have have the same buzz cut hairstyle since get out of the military in 1953 . Walt be also a perfectionist . nothing escape he hawklike eye , eye that pierce and judge . Walt look around at how the young people have dress at he wife 's funeral . his eye narrow at he granddaughter 's belly button ring . walt Jesus Christ . Walt 's two son , mitch and steve , watch they father from across the pews . mitch look at the Old man glaring at Ashley . he can not even tone it down at Mom 's funeral ? steve what do you expect ? dad 's still live in the '' 5as . he expect he granddaughter to dress a little more modestly . mitch yeah , well you kid 's wear a timberwolve jersey . I be sure dad appreciate that . steve my point be that there 's nothing anyone can do that will not disappoint the Old man . ( more ) ( continued ) page 3 it 's inevitable . that 's why we stop do thanksgivings ; the deal with the boat motor , the break bird bath , it 's always something . mitch what be we go to do with he ? do not you think he will get in trouble by himself over in the old neighborhood ? steve why do not you have he move in with you ? mitch ha ha . int . church - later the choir sing the beatitude . Walt look around disgustedly at the people gather as one woman look through she day planner , a old guy doze and he granddaughter Ashley apply nail polish . father janovich , the very young parish priest , step up to the altar and deliver the eulogy for Walt 's wife . Walt sit ramrod straight and listen to the thin , weak , unconvincing word of Father janovich . father janovich death ... be often a bittersweet occasion to we Catholic . bitter in the pain it cause the decease ... and they family . sweet to that who know the salvation that await they . and some may ask , what be death . be it the end ? or be it the beginning ? and what be life ? what be this thing we call life ? walt Jesus . Walt cough . he take a handkerchief and wipe he lip . he look down and notice a speck of blood on the white cloth . continued : int . walt house - same time the house be cramme with people follow the service . Walt do not know what to do with himself . he have to keep busy . Steve step over to he father . steve a lot of people show up after the service . walt yeah , well , I s'pose they know there would be plenty of ham . I think I will go downstairs and get some more chair . steve I will do it , dad . walt naw , we need they now , not next week . int . cellar - same time grandson josh , daniel and david look through box in the cellar . a box of old Korea War photo be paw through . josh hold up a black - and - white photo -- a young walt look utterly exhaust , behind he six body be sprawle dead on the ground . david be that dad ? daniel no , it 's grandpa Walt . josh turn the photo over and read it ... josh '' third platoon , E company , March second , 1952 , Korea . ' daniel where 's Korea ? josh Hell if I know ? David hold up a medal . 3. ( continued ) page 5 david cool , I find a medal . they hear someone come downstairs . by the time Walt descend the staircase , the boy sit on the couch , pretend to be do nothing . Walt give they a hard look as he grab some chair . upstair 5 5 people eat and chat . Ashley march over to she parent , karen and Mitch . ashley ( granddaughter ) how long do we have to stay , this ghetto be a dead zone for my cell and I be bored . Walt stand behind they with a armful of fold chair , he overhear he granddaughter . Mitch and Karen be embarrassed . mitch Ashley , honey . why do not you help grandpa Walt with the chair ? ashley I ? karen yes you . ashley grandpa Walt , can I help you with the chair . walt I will take care of it , you just paint you nail . Walt open the fold chair and look out the window . it 's snow . Walt put on he coat , he almost look relieved to get out of the house . walt I would better salt the sidewalk before someone fall and break a hip . Walt tap the floor with he boot and daisy , he very , very , very old dog follow he outside . 4. continued : 4 4 page 6 ext . walt house - evening 6 6 Walt carefully shovel he sidewalk . he deliberately stop at the boundary of he property . the reason for this be that Walt 's neighbor be now mostly asian who move into the house that once belong to Polish family . next door to Walt 's house some sort of party be go on . Walt can see through the window that the live room be jamme with at least forty people , all asian , all hmong . and this be a problem for Walt , because Walt be a full - blow , unrepentant racist . Walt light a cigarette and speak to he dog , Daisy . walt Jesus Christ , how many swamp rat can they cram into a live room ? Walt spit in the snow and walk back to the garage . int . garage - same time 7 7 Walt step inside and catch Ashley sneaking a cigarette . she have pull back the canvas tarp that cover he pride and joy , he beloved 1972 gran torino . the gran torino be in mint condition . it have be baby since the day it roll off the line . Ashley toss she cigarette when she see grandpa Walt . ashley wow , grandpa , when would you get the vintage car ? Walt look at she for a second , then step on she still burn cigarette before answer . walt 1972 . ashley I never know you have a cool old car . walt it 's only be in here since before you be bear . 5 . ( continued ) page 7 ashley so , what be you like go to do with it like , when ... you die ? Walt light up a smoke -- walt Jesus , Joseph and Mary . Walt pull the cover back over the gran torino . ashley then what about that super cool retro couch in the de , I be go to State next year and I do not have , like , any furniture ? Walt walk out without comment . back in walt house 8 8 the doorbell ring and Walt open the door . stand there be tao , a sixteen - year - old hmong boy . Walt scowl . tao be slight , he have long hair , long lash , but be very good - look -- like a asian johnny depp . walt who the hell be you ? tao ( very quietly ) I be tao , I live next door . walt what ?! speak up , boy , get the shit out of you mouth . what do you want ? tao do you have jumper cable ? my uncle 's car be old and ... walt no . and have some goddamn respect , zipper head , we be mourn over here . Walt slam the door in tao 's face . Walt turn and be suddenly cornere by Father janovich . Walt hate situation like this . 6 . continued : 7 7 ( continued ) page 8 father janovich how you hold up , Walt ? walt Mr. kowalski . father janovich huh ? walt it 's Mr. kowalski , not Walt . father janovich right , Mr. kowalski . you wife and I become quite close this last few month . she ask that I watch over you when she pass on . I tell she I watch out for my entire flock , but she make I promise I would keep a extra sharp eye on you . walt I appreciate you kindness to my wife and now that you have speak you piece , why do not you move on to the next sheep ? Walt start to step away , but Father janovich block he . father janovich dorothy mention specifically that it be she wish for you to go to confession . she say she could not remember the last time you go . walt be that so ? father janovich it be . Walt drain he lowball glass . walt well , I confess I never much like church and only go because of the wife . and I confess I have no desire to confess to a boy who be fresh out of the seminary . 7. continued : 8 8 page 9 ext . walt house - later 9 9 people be leave Walt 's house . a mass of shuffle , stiff -jointed old pollack . right next door -- walk the opposite direction be more hmong go up the sidewalk . they laugh and chatter and carry big dish of food and fruit . they be a happy bunch compare to the dour crowd exite Walt 's home . the hmong be go to a birth ceremony . a three - day- old baby be name and three soul be locate for the newborn . CUT to : another angle Walt lean over a car that contain two shiver old lady from the funeral . he hook up the jumper cable to they dead battery . Mitch , Karen , Ashley and josh pull up next to Walt in a brand new Toyota land cruiser . Mitch open the window . mitch I would really like to help , dad , but we have to get the kid home , they be get restless . Walt just look at the toyota emblem on the land cruiser and then give Mitch a disgust glance . walt Fine . go. mitch I will call in a few , see how you be do . Walt nod and light a cigarette as they drive off . walt kill you to buy american . int . land cruiser - same time 10 10 mitch do you see he look at the truck ? it 's always Rice - burner this or jap - buggy that . even at Mom 's funeral , he can not let it go . 8. ( continued ) page 10 karen at least he do not say anything this time . mitch he do not have to . karen well , what do you expect ? the man work at a Ford plant for twenty - eight year . mitch and I suppose that 's my goddamn fault ? back on walt 11 11 Walt get he guest ' engine run . as they drive off , Walt hear faint singing . Walt look into he neighbor 's backyard and can not believe he eye . the hmong all sing and chant as three chicken have they head slice off , right there in the yard . the chicken be hold up and everyone chant louder . it 's a sacrifice . Walt spit in the snow and say to Daisy . walt barbarian . goddamn barbarian . int . hmong house next door - same time 12 12 the house be a buzz of activity . the older hmong speak they native language , the young generation speak both English and hmong . ( note : hmong be subtitle when necessary . ) tao 's grandmother ( phong ) complain to a man . phong ( subtitled ) there 's no man in this house , that 's why my daughter should remarry . be a second wife be better than have a woman be the head of the household . it 's not we way . 9 . continued : 10 10 ( continued ) page 11 man ( subtitled ) what about tao ? phong ( subtitled ) what about he ? man ( subtitled ) he 's the man in the house . phong ( subtitled ) tao 's not a man . ( gesture ) look at he in the kitchen , wash dish like a woman . even he sister give he order and he obey . the camera pan to the kitchen where tao wash a pile of dish . a older relative drop dish in the sink , without acknowledge tao 's presence . it 's clearly a insult . in the live room the hmong '' soul Calling '' ceremony start its next phase . a elder , the family shaman , be present and begin the ritual . as the entire hmong family gather to watch . tao slip on he coat and go out the back door . ext . tan' house - same time 13 13 tao wobble as he pedal he bike through the snow . tao pass Walt 's garage and be startle as Walt appear from a shadow , jumper cable in he hand . they make eye contact as tao pass . Walt spit in the snow and look down at Daisy . walt I think this zip be suppose to be such hard worker . Christ , I have my own car when I be he age . ext . convenience store - night 14 14 tao exit the store , get on he bike and ride off . 10 . continued : 12 12 ( continued ) page 12 a few block away , tao ride past a snowbank when -- wham ! a hockey stick be throw through the spoke of he front wheel . tao fly over the handlebar into the snow . a chorus of laughter be hear . Three latinos stand around the stunne , prone tao . head latino whatta you gonna do , gook ? you gonna '' kung fu ' we ? tao just lie there as latino # 2 pick up he bike . latino # 2 surprise it be not a girl 's bike . the latino laugh . tao remain on the ground . head latino you gonna get up or what ? tao do not move . head latino tell you what , I will let you take the first swing . you drop I and you can have you bike back . tao smile , he can not help it . head latino what the fuck you smile at , gook ? something funny ? he grab tao by the jacket and pull he to he foot . head latino you better get the fuck outta here , bitch . he push tao backwards . tao fall back into the snow . this time tao crab-walk back away from the latino . the latino stroll away with tao 's bike . ext . walt house - sunny spring morning 15 15 superimpose : three month later Walt be go about the chore of spring clean . 11 . continued : 14 14 ( continued ) page 13 Walt look around with disdain at he neighbor ' house . Walt 's property be perfectly keep , whereas he neighbor ' house be rundown . Walt 's eye linger on every defect , gutter hang , rip screen door , peel paint . one neighbor have install a chicken coop . Walt look down at Daisy -- walt damn chink let they yard go to hell . polarski would turn over in he grave if he could see what they do to he lawn . tao walk past . Walt watch he pass . walt I do not know why this goddamn slope have to move to my block . this use to be a nice neighborhood . ext . tan' house - same time 16 16 tao nod to a older woman rock in a break rock chair . phong nod back to tao , then turn she evil eye back on Walt , whom she 's be seethe at all morning . phong ( subtitled ) why do not that stupid , hairy white man move ? he must be too dumb to realize he 's not welcome here . all the mee - khah leave in the neighborhood should just move away . look at he strut like a rooster . she see Walt glance at she and spit . phong glare back and spit beetle juice , which have turn she tooth black . int . walt house - day 17 17 Daisy snooze next to the front door . the doorbell ring ; Daisy do not even move . Walt walk to the front door hold a roll of duct tape . the doorbell ring again . Walt look down at Daisy -- 12. continued : 15 15 ( continued ) page 14 walt Jesus Christ , dog , have you go totally deaf ? Walt open the door . stand on he front step be Father janovich . father janovich hi there , Walt . walt listen , son , you be not my barber , you be not a friend , so why in the hell do you think you can call I Walt ? father janovich sorry ... Mr. kowalski . walt so , what be you peddle now ? father janovich oh , nothing . think I would drop by and see how you be do . have not see you in church in awhile . walt okay . you have do you good deed , now why do not you run along . father janovich I would really like to talk , Mr. kowalski . walt I do not think so , kid . sorry . father janovich why ? do you have a problem with I , Mr. kowalski ? walt you do not want to know . father janovich no , I do . walt the problem be I think you be a overeducate , 27 - year - old virgin who hold the hand of superstitious old woman and promise they eternity . 13. continued : 17 17 ( continued ) page 15 Walt shut the front door in Father janovich 's face . ext . STREET - day 18 18 tao walk down the street , he head in a book . he finally realize there 's a blue chevy follow slowly behind he . the blue chevy be now parallel with tao and keep pace with he step . tao look over to the occupant of the chevy . it 's two latinos . tao quicken he pace , but the chevy easily keep up with tao . latino driver be you a boy or a girl , I can not tell ? latino # 2 what you read , gook , jackass and the Rice stalk ? tao laugh , but keep walk . latino driver that 's right , you keep walk . Fucking slope everywhere you look , man . why gook come up in here and fuck up we neighborhood ? down the street -- be a supe - up honda civic with a big spoiler on the back . Inside be five hmong gangbanger . the hmong gangbanger notice tao be follow by the latino . spider , the driver , squint and then point at tao . spider dude , that 's my little cousin , tao . smokie you sure about that , spider ? spider I be sure . do we do something ... or what ? smokie be the gang leader . he look at tao for a second . smokie you cousin tight with anyone ? 14 . continued : ( 2 ) 17 17 ( continued ) page 16 spider no , he fly solo , smokie . smokie okay . let 's go help out we little cousin . smokie nod to spider , they roar up and stop right across from tao and the latino ' car . smokie you better not be give my bro here a hard time or you be gonna wish you never be bear . latino driver oh goody , more Rice niggers . the latino Driver smile and flash a pistol . a hmong kid in the back seat open the door and display a sub-machine gun . the latino be way out - gun . latino # 2 Fucking viet cong swamp rat . go back to you fuck rice paddy . the latino screech they tire and be go . the hmong in the car smile and congratulate themselves . tao simply keep walk down the street ! smokie where the fuck do he think he 's go ? turn we around and go after that cousin of yours . they swing a u-turn and pull up to tao , keep pace with he as he walk . spider hey , cuz , slow down , where you go ? you should really think about hang with we , man . if we all stick together , shit like that will not happen , with that spick . tao nod as he walk , but do not answer . spider you can not be such a little girl . you join up with we , we will keep you out of trouble , cuz . 15 . continued : 18 18 ( continued ) page 17 tao look at the sub-machine gun cradle by the hmong gangbanger in the back seat . smokie take this all in . he look down the street and see that in a half block , tao will have to pass a group of latino gangbanger type . smokie you think about it and we will see you tomorrow . ext . tan' house - day 19 19 tao dig in the garden . tao 's young sister sue sit and read jane magazine on the porch . the trick - out Honda with Blue neon light pull up . spider , smokie and two other hmong gangbanger get out . spider hey , cuz . hey , Sue . sue what do you want ? spider come to talk to my cousin tao . smokie look over to Sue . smokie spider , who 's the other cousin ? sue laugh at the name '' spider . '' Sue be seventeen , have long straight hair with red highlight . sue '' spider ' ? be that what he just call you , fong ? spider this be my little cousin , Sue . smokie take off he sunglass and smile at Sue . smokie hey , Sue ... how old be you , girl ? sue mentally , I be way too old for you . I be go inside . 16 . continued : ( 2 ) 18 18 ( continued ) page 18 spider that 's right , go inside while the man talk . sue yeah , that 's exactly what I be do , fong . Sue roll she eye and go inside . smokie stare at tao . spider you think about what we talk about ? a pause . smokie watch tao carefully , offer he a cigarette . tao shake he head “no” and look at the ground . smokie that 's exactly the point , tao . spider tell I how everyone think you be a pushover , how everybody walk all over you and shit . I mean , look at you , out here work in the garden like a woman . tao nod silently , but still look at the ground . smokie it be not no big thing . you just need a little guidance . tao look up at smokie . tao look a little skeptical . smokie it 's true , man . shit , I use to be kind of a quiet little punk like you , everybody fuck with I . but finally I say ‘no more . ' you , you be lucky , tao , we get you back . I ? I do not have nobody . have to mold my own tribe . spider smokie 's right . we be family , right ? you with we or what ? smokie I swear , brother , we be the best friend you will ever have . and anyone fuck with you , they be fuck . 17 . continued : 19 19 ( continued ) page 19 spider come on , man . tao clear he throat and speak for the first time . tao what do I have to do ? smokie point to Walt 's open garage . smokie spider mention that neighbor of yours . CUT to : int . garage zoom in -- there it sit with the tarp roll back , Walt 's gorgeous , shine gran torino . smokie ( o.s. ) now that 's a car . spider ( o.s. ) shit ya . 1972 gran torino fastback . cobra jet engine . mint . next to the garage , Walt be bent over plant tomato . Walt notice the hmong punk look at he . int . vfw 20 20 Walt sit at the bar in the vfw ( Veteran of foreign Wars ) drink with the old buddy and crack off - color joke . walt I get one . a mexican , a Jew and a color guy walk into a bar , the bartender look up at they and say -- ‘get the fuck out . ' the gang laugh , until they see Father janovich step up to the bar . he smile as he recognize several face . father janovich so , here 's where my flock congregate when they be not in church . 18. continued : ( 2 ) 19 19 ( continued ) page 20 mel hiya , Father J. father janovich hi , mel . hey there , darrel . darrel hello , Father . father janovich hi , Walt . Walt say nothing . he just sip he beer . darrel what bring you in here , Father ? the meat raffle ? father janovich no . I come down to talk to Walt , if that 's okay . mel and darrel look at Walt . it put he on the spot . walt I have to hand it to you , padre . you be persistent . father janovich I promise you wife . Walt look over at mel and darrel and then back at Father janovich . walt oh Jesus Christ , let 's grab a booth . int . vfw booth - same time 21 21 the waitress come over . walt I will have a pabst and a shot . what be you have , Father ? father janovich I will have a diet Coke . walt bullshit , this be a bar , what do you want to drink ? 19 . continued : 20 20 ( continued ) page 21 father janovich ummmm ... I will have a gin and tonic . walt attaboy . the waitress leave . walt so , what do you want ? father janovich I promise you wife I would get you to go to confession . walt Jesus Christ , why would you do that ? father janovich she be very insistent . she make I . walt you sure be fond of promise people stuff you can not deliver on . father janovich let 's talk about something else . walt like what ? father janovich life and death . walt what would you know about it ? father janovich I would like to think I know a lot . I be a priest . walt you stand at the altar and preach on and on about life and death without know anything other than what you learn in priest school . everything you say sound like it 's out of the rookie preacher handbook . father janovich I do not know about that ... 20 . continued : 21 21 ( continued ) page 22 Walt wave he hand and cut he off . walt '' death be bittersweet ? bitter in the pain , sweet in the salvation . ' that 's what you know of life and death ? good God , it 's pathetic . father janovich what do you know , Mr. kowalski ? walt plenty . I live with death for three year in Korea . we shot people , we stab they with bayonet , we hack seventeen - year - old kid to death with shovel , for Christ 's sake . I do thing that will not leave I till the day I die , horrible thing , thing I have to live with . father janovich and what about life ? Walt have to think for a second . he struggle with he answer . walt well ... I survive the war ... get marry ... and raise a family . father janovich sound like you know more about death than you do live . Walt downs a shot . walt maybe so . int . walt bedroom - that same night 22 22 Walt hear a sound and wake up . he 's very groggy , he have plenty to drink at the vfw . walt Daisy ? the dog sleep in she bed in the corner . Walt look at the clock ; it 's 3:48 be . Walt look out he bedroom window . he see the faint beam of a flashlight in he garage . 21 . continued : ( 2 ) 21 21 ( continued ) page 23 walt Son of a bitch . Walt pull on he robe , open the closet and pull out the big , 30 - 06 M1 garand rifle he take home from Korea . Walt slide a magazine into the top of the M1 and chamber a round with a loud SNAP . int . garage - second later 23 23 the light flip on and before he can blink , tao be face to face with the barrel of Walt 's M1 rifle . Walt be silent , he have one eye close so he can better aim at tao 's forehead -- which be nine inch away . tao drop the tool he be hold , it bounce with a loud metallic clang . tao back away , he eye wide with terror . as tao back up , Walt advance , step for step . tao trip over a garden hose , which cause Walt to trip . they both start to fall . the lightbulb be bump with the rifle barrel and swing back and forth . as Walt hit the garage floor , he accidentally fire the rifle . the bullet go through a big , metal hamm 's beer sign on the wall . tao scramble to he foot and jump like a deer over Walt . tao run out of the garage and into the night . Walt lie on the floor for a second , stunne . sweat run down he forehead . he cough up blood . the lightbulb still swing , casting odd shadow in the garage . walt shit . ext . alley - same time 24 24 tao scramble down the alley . park off to the side be spider 's Honda . spider open the door . spider get in , get in ! tao run right past he . spider gun the motor and pull in front of tao. smokie , spider and another gangbanger get out . 22. continued : 22 22 ( continued ) page 24 smokie get in , tao . tao no way . no fuck way . leave I alone ! smokie , spider and the other gangbanger grab tao . spider I vouch for you , tao , because you be family and you be with we now . tao struggle . tao he shot at I ! I be out ! I be out !!! tao squirm out of smokie 's grasp . smokie yell at tao as he run away ... smokie do not fool yourself , tao . you do not join we and bail . Dumb motherfucker . spider should we go after he ? smokie naw , he 's get nowhere to go . let 's get out of here . int . garage - afternoon 25 25 Walt drill heavy - gauge screen mesh over the window on the garage . the phone ring and Walt answer . walt hello ? mitch ( v.o. ) Morning , dad , it 's you number one son , Mitch . walt it 's one in the afternoon . the camera now intercut between Walt and Mitch in the kitchen of he huge , modern suburban house . 23. continued : 24 24 ( continued ) page 25 mitch right , good afternoon , then . walt so , what do you want ? mitch me? nothing . what would I want ? walt I do not know . you wife already go through all of you mother 's jewelry . mitch no . I be just wonder how you be , what 's go on , anything new in the old neighborhood ? Walt look at the bullet hole in he hamm 's beer sign . walt nope . mitch great . smooth sailing then ? walt yup . there 's a very painful pause in the conversation . mitch well good ... say , dad ? walt uh-huh . mitch do you still know that guy from the plant who have Viking season ticket ? ext . walt driveway - day 26 26 Walt have park the gran torino at a angle across he driveway . Walt mutter as he rub turtle Wax on he car . ext . driveway - that afternoon 27 27 Walt fish out a soft pack of cigarettes and light one . he exhales as he look at he car . 24 . continued : 25 25 ( continued ) page 26 it 's stun . it absolutely sparkles . the chrome shine , the tire look new and the paint be wax and polished . Walt look up again and he eye sweep the neighborhood in defiance . a couple of hmong teenager look at the car . walt ( mutter ) that 's right , be not she pretty . Walt drop down heavily into a old lawn chair and pop open a can of pabst . dissolve to : ext . walt driveway - evening 28 28 dusk be fall . Walt finally get up , fold up he lawn chair and walk stiffly back into the garage . Walt flip on the outdoor light , highlight the gran torino still sit at a angle in the driveway . the whole scene look like a mid-sixty car ad in popular mechanic . Walt go in the back door and a moment later the kitchen light come on . the gran torino remain in the driveway . it 's a challenge , a invitation . Walt be dare the thief to come back . and Walt 's ready this time . ext . walt STREET - later that night 29 29 the trick - out Honda drive up , but do not stop at Walt 's . it pull up in front of tao 's house . tao and Sue exchange look out on the front step . smokie , spider and two other get out , walk confidently up the sidewalk towards they . they grin , they be cocky . spider hey , cuz . what 's up ? tao what be you do here ? spider be happy . we have get good news . 25 . continued : 27 27 ( continued ) page 27 sue oh really ? what 's that ? smokie we be give you another shot . tao I do not think so . smokie you blow it the first time . we have get another little inauguration plan for you . this time there will be no mistake . sue another big , tough gangbanger with ‘little - man ' complex . smokie leer at Sue . it make she uncomfortable . smokie I get my eye on you too , little girl . sue whatever . smokie come on , tao . let 's go . tao say nothing . he look at the ground . spider he say , let 's go . smokie come on , man . nobody 's gonna get hurt . we will take care of you . sue do not go , tao . smokie you mind you own business , girl . two hmong gangbanger grab tao by the arm . the front door swing open and there stand a glaring phong . phong ( subtitled ) leave my grandson alone ! 26 . continued : 29 29 ( more ) ( continued ) page 28 I know what you be . go away and do not come back . smokie that old woman 's get bigger ball than you . you always let little girl and old lady fight for you ? tao try to squirm away . smokie grab he by the hair and open he coat to reveal the pistol in he belt . smokie I be not gonna say it again . let 's go . now . tao be shove towards the car . suddenly -- Sue jump on the back of one of the gangbanger and knock he to the ground . tao break free . sue run , tao , run ! Sue be slap to the ground . sue run !! tao be tackle by smokie and punch in the face . tao 's mother come out the front door . smokie and spider pull tao towards the car as the other gangbanger keep Mom , grandma and Sue at bay . a middle - age hmong man from across the street come into the yard . all the gangbanger overreact and pull they pistol . the middle - age hmong man get in spider 's face and be crack across the jaw with a pistol barrel . tao back - pedal away from spider and smokie . it become a push , roll , surging melee . this mess boil over and spill into Walt 's front yard . ext . walt be yard - same time 30 30 the gangbanger , tao , he mother , grandmother and Sue all struggle on Walt 's painstakingly maintain lawn . a ceramic lawn gnome be knock over and break . 27 . continued : ( 2 ) 29 29 phong ( cont 'd ) ( continued ) page 29 and before anyone can blink , walt have the muzzle of he big 30 - 06 M1 garand rifle point at smokie 's face . walt get off my lawn . smokie listen , old man , you do not want ... walt I say get off my lawn . now . Walt 's calm demeanor be unnerve to the gangbanger . the gun in they hand seem tiny compare to the big military rifle Walt hold . smokie be you fuck crazy ? go back in you house , old man . walt get off my lawn . smokie I be not fuck around , gramp . Walt spit out the side of he mouth . he grin . walt do not think for a second I will not blow a big hole in you face and it will not bother I a bit , not any more than if I shot a deer . now get off my goddamn lawn . two of the hmong gangbanger take a step back . Walt sense they fear . only smokie hold he ground . walt believe I , kid , I will blow you damn head off , go back to bed and sleep like a baby . I could not care less . smokie I be not gonna warn you again ! Walt laugh ... walt you be nothing to I . in Korea , we stack fuck like you five foot high and use you as sandbag . 28 . continued : 30 30 ( continued ) page 30 complete silence , there 's no sound anywhere in the neighborhood . all eye be on Walt . Walt click off the safety on the M1 garand rifle . smokie and the gangbanger give Walt fierce look , but melt back towards they car . as they get into the car -- smokie have to say something . smokie you better watch yourself , old man . the Honda screech its tire and go off down the street . Walt look at tao , Sue , Mom and grandma who stand in stunne silence in he front yard . a pause . finally , Sue speak up ... sue thank you . Walt lower he rifle and spit on the ground . walt I say get off my lawn . int . walt house - next morning 31 31 we hear a sound outside . Walt grab he rifle , swing open the front door and lead with the barrel . CUT to : ext . walt front porch - same time 32 32 Walt look around and slowly lower he rifle . his front porch be cover with flowers and fruit and gift of food . there must be a dozen different gift pile there . Daisy come out and stretch on the porch , before put she nose in a food basket . walt bad dog . bad deaf , dumb , blind dog . 29 . continued : ( 2 ) 30 30 page 31 ext . walt house - day 33 33 Walt carry three big bouquet of flower to the trash . he dump they on top of other gift he receive from the hmong . his garbage be overflow . come down the alley be another hmong couple , they smile carry a basket fill with asian vegetable . Walt hold up he hand like a traffic cop . walt no . no more . the hmong couple nod , say something with a smile and turn around . next door tao , he mother and Sue argue in the yard . they gesture towards Walt 's house . the woman buzz around tao , all speak in he ear at the same time . phong yell at they from the porch , but they ignore she . Walt watch as the mother and Sue march tao towards he house . tao look like a whipped dog . walt why will not this people leave I alone ? Walt walk out to meet they at he property line and put up he hand , indicate they have come far enough . Sue hold up a plant . sue we bring you some shallot to plant in you garden . walt I do not want they . sue they be perennial , they come back every year . walt no . you keep they . why do you people keep give I all this garbage ? Sue be a little take aback . 30 . ( continued ) page 32 sue because ... because you save tao . walt no , I do not . all I do be get a bunch of jabber gook off my lawn . sue well , you be a hero to the neighborhood . walt no , I be not . sue too bad , they think you be and that 's why they be bring you the gift . walt just take you plant and leave I alone . Walt turn and start to walk away . tao 's mother speak rapidly in hmong to Sue . they look at tao and then to Walt . sue there 's another thing . walt what ? sue this be my mother , vu , I be Sue and this be my brother , tao . we live next door . walt so ? sue tao be here to apologize . Sue shoot a hard look at tao , who shift uncomfortably . tao I be sorry . walt for what ? 31 . continued : 33 33 ( continued ) page 33 tao for try to steal you car . Walt 's eye go wide in recognition . he turn white with rage . walt get this straight , I see you on my property again , you be do . Walt turn on he heel and storm into he house . int . walt entryway 34 34 the doorbell ring . Walt open it to find Father janovich stand on he front step . father janovich good afternoon , Walt . Walt 's eye narrow . father janovich I mean , Mr. kowalski . walt I already tell you I be not go to confession . father janovich why do not you just call the police ? walt pardon ? father janovich I do work with some of the hmong gang and I hear there be some trouble in the neighborhood . why do not you call the police ? walt oh , I pray for they to show up , but guess what ? no answer . father janovich what be you think ? someone could have be kill . we be talk life and death here . 32 . continued : ( 2 ) 33 33 ( continued ) page 34 walt not that it 's any of you goddamn business , but when thing happen quickly like that , you have to react . in Korea , we never ucall the police ' when a swarm of scream gook come pour into we line . we react . father janovich we be not in Korea , Mr. kowalski . Walt say nothing . father janovich I have be think about we discussion on life and death . about what you say . about how you carry around the horrible thing you be force to do . horrible thing that will not leave you . it seem that it would do you good to unload some of that burden . thing do during war be terrible , be order to kill , kill to save other , kill to save yourself . you be right , that be thing I do not know anything about . but I do know about forgiveness . and I have see a lot of man who have confess they sin , admit they guilt and leave they burden behind they . stronger man than you . Men at war who be order to do appall thing and be now at peace . Walt nod . Father janovich throw a bull 's - eye . almost . walt I be impressed . you come with you gun load , for once . father janovich thank you . walt you have ball , Father . and what you say , you be right . I be sure stronger man than I have find they salvation . hallelujah . but there 's one thing you be way wrong about . 33. continued : 34 34 ( continued ) page 35 father janovich what 's that , Mr. kowalski ? walt the thing that haunt a guy be the stuff he be not order to do . int . old school barbershop 35 35 the old , bald barber finish cut Walt 's hair . barber there , you look like a human be again . you should not wait so long between haircut , you cheap bastard . walt I be just amaze that you be still alive . I keep hope you will die and they will get someone good in here , but you just hang in there , you dumb , italian - wop - dago , you . barber that will be ten dollar , Walt . walt ten dollar ? Jesus Christ , Martin , you keep raise the price . you sure you be not part Jew ? Martin the barber laugh at Walt . barber it 's be ten buck for the last five year and you know it , you thick -skull , old pollack son of a bitch . walt here 's ten , keep the change . barber see you in three week , you prick . walt if you live that long , dipshit . Walt and Martin shake hand and Walt walk out . 34 . continued : ( 2 ) 34 34 page 36 ext . barbershop - same time 36 36 Walt get in he old Ford pickup and drive off . this be a very bad , rundown neighborhood . ext . sidewalk - same time 37 37 Sue walk with she ridiculous wigger ( urban white kid ) boyfriend , trey . Trey wear big baggy pants , a sport jersey and a oakland raider visor upside - down and backwards . they walk past three black guy lean against a building . the tall black guy spot Sue and smile . tall black guy hey , girl , you come over here and talk to I . come on , baby , do not be shy . Trey and Sue move as far over on the sidewalk as they can to avoid the black guy . they try to ignore they . tall black guy come on , sweetie , do not be like that . you talk to I , do not be all stick up and shit . across the STREET Walt wait at a stoplight . he watch Sue and Trey and the three black guy who block they path . one black guy flip Trey 's visor onto the ground . the tall guy make “kissy faces” at Sue as he touch he crotch . Walt sit there for a second ; he should not help , but Walt solve every situation by be aggressive . Walt drive off , then make a u-turn . the tall Black guy now focus on Trey . tall black guy what be you uspose to be ? Trey put up he hand to “hi-five . '' the tall Black guy just look at he . trey yo , it 's cool , dog . 35 . ( continued ) page 37 tall black guy what the fuck be you do in my neighborhood , boy ? trey nothing . we be go to Red roost to get some CD . that place be trippin ' , bro . tall black guy what you call I , you fuck with I , bitch ? you think you be funny ? trey nothing . no. tall black guy I be warning you , boy . what you all come up in here for ? you here to bring I this present ? trey huh ? tall black guy this Oriental yummy for I ? do not worry , I will take good care of she . sue great , another asshole with a fetish for asian girl . God , it get so old . tall black guy what 's you name , girl ? sue my name ? it 's ‘take you crude , overly obvious come - on to every woman who walk past and cram it . ' that 's my name . tall black guy you should keep you bitch on a leash , put a choke chain on this whore and yank . sue oh , of course , right to the stereotype thesaurus . call I '' whore ' and ‘bitch ' in the same sentence . 36 . continued : 37 37 ( continued ) page 38 the tall Black guy grab Sue by the arm . Trey move slightly towards Sue and be push down into a pile of garbage . tall black guy you think you be pretty funny , do not you ? sue what , be you gonna hit I now ? that would pretty much complete the picture . the tall Black guy push Sue hard against the wall . tall black guy you do not know when to quit . the old , black pickup pull up and stop next to they . Sue , Trey and the black guy look over . Walt sit behind the wheel , he look right through the tall Black guy . tall black guy what the fuck you look at , old man ? walt you ... and you buddy . what 's the matter with you ? do not any of you work ? I see you lazy show - off in the middle of the day , slowly walk across the street or harass woman . nobody owe you bastard anything so go out and get a job instead of push little girl around , for Christ 's sake . tall black guy why do not you get the fuck out of here , while I will still let you . black guy # 2 that 's right , bitch . walt what make you spook think you can bully a couple kid with impunity ? tall black guy what ?! be you fuck crazy ? 37 . continued : ( 2 ) 37 37 ( continued ) page 39 walt look at I , slick . you be crazy if you think I be fool around . tall black guy you be fuck crazy . walt you have to be pretty goddamn dumb to think you can push people around without run into someone who will push back . the black guy be a bit dumbfounded . Walt stare they down . walt but you might just be dumb enough not to recognize that you luck just run out . all bravado drain away from the black guy . Walt be a rock . Walt grin slightly and spit on the ground . tall black guy fuck this guy . he be not worth it . the trio walk slowly across the street , force a car to miss a green light . Trey put he hand out to shake Walt 's ... trey man , thanks a lot , mister . Walt do not extend a hand , he let Trey stand there like a idiot . Trey slowly lower he arm . Walt look at Trey 's outfit . walt go home , clown ... and pull up you goddamn pants . Walt turn to Sue . walt come on , I will give you a ride . 38 . continued : ( 3 ) 37 37 page 40 int . walt truck - drive 38 38 Walt and Sue drive in silence . finally Sue speak up . sue so , what 's with you , you have some sort of savior complex or something ? walt what in the hell 's the matter with you ? I think all you asian girl be suppose to be so smart . what be you do walk around in that neighborhood ? that 's how you end up in the obituary , that be , if they can identify you body once they pull it out of the goddamn river . sue I know , I know . take it easy . Walt look at she for a second . she 's not ruffle at all . they drive . walt so , that goofball back there . he 's you boyfriend ? sue yeah , kind of , he name be Trey . walt why in the hell would you go out with a clown like that . why do not you date one of you ... own ... one of that other ... hu-mung . sue you mean , hmong ? we be hmong , not hu-mung . walt right . hmong . what be a ... where be hmong or whatever ? Sue laugh . sue wow ! you be so enlighten . hmong be not a place , it 's a people . 39 . ( more ) ( continued ) page 41 hmong people come from different part of Laos and Thailand and China . walt then why be you in my neighborhood , instead of back there ? sue it 's a Vietnam thing . we fight on you side and when America quit , the Communists start kill the hmong , so we come over here . Walt be quiet for few second . walt why would you pick the Midwest , for Christ 's sake ? there 's snow on the ground near half the year . jungle people on the freeze tundra ? sue Hill people . we be hill people , not jungle people . boo-ga , boo - ga , boo-ga . walt whatever . sue blame the lutheran . they bring we here . walt still , you would think the cold would keep all the asshole away . Sue laugh again at Walt 's conscienceless racism . sue thanks for the ride . walt sure ... you know , you seem okay . what the hell 's the matter with you half - wit brother ? he a little slow or something ? 40 . continued : 38 38 sue ( cont 'd ) ( continued ) page 42 sue tao be actually really bright , he just do not know which direction to go in . walt oh , poor toad . sue it 's really common . hmong girl over here fit in better , we adjust . the girl go to college , the boy go to jail . ext . walt front porch - early morning 39 39 Walt drink coffee and read the newspaper . he flip from section to section . Daisy 's at he foot . next door , phong sit watch Walt . he can see she mumble under she breath . walt Old hag , give I the evil eye ? Walt open the paper to the tv guide section and linger at the horoscope for a second . walt aw , what the hell ... Walt read aloud to himself . walt you birthday today ; this year you have to make a choice between two life path . second chance come you way . extraordinary event culminate in what might seem to be a anti-climax . you lucky number be : 84 , 23 , 11 , 78 and 99 . Walt drain he coffee and toss the paper onto the porch . walt what a load of crap . Walt light up a cigarette and exhales . Walt watch as the only white woman on the block struggle to unload she grocery from she car . one of she bag rip . 41 . continued : ( 2 ) 38 38 ( continued ) page 43 Three teenager walk past and laugh at she spill grocery . one of they make a crude gesture behind she back . walt Christ all Friday . what 's wrong with kid today ? Walt get up to go help , but before he can get to the sidewalk , another neighbor have go over to help ... it 's tao . tao bend down and carry she bag up to she door . walt well , I will be damned . int . walt kitchen 40 40 Mitch and Karen sit across from Walt . a small store - buy birthday cake sit in front of Walt . Walt read he birthday card . it 's sign ; Love Mitch , Karen , Ashley and josh . all the signature have be write in a woman 's cursive style and with the same pen . Mitch slide a wrap gift across the table to Walt . mitch go ahead , dad . open it . walt what be it ? mitch just open it . Walt open the package , it 's a gopher reaching tool -- the kind that have a alligator clamp so you can pick up object that have fall behind the stove , etc . Walt look at he son and daughter - in-law . mitch it 's a gopher . it 's so you can reach stuff . you know , it make thing easier . karen here 's one from I . karen slide over a another wrap gift . Walt open it . it 's a phone with really big number for old people . 42 . continued : 39 39 ( continued ) page 44 karen it 's a phone . walt ( emotionlessly ) thank you , Karen . karen I just think ... we think that it would ... make thing easier . walt yeah , I see that . karen there 's nothing wrong with make thing less hard on yourself . mitch Karen 's right , dad . you have work hard you whole life . maybe you should think about take it a little easier ? Walt light up a cigarette . mitch and that 's another thing , dad . you should get rid of the coffin nail . Walt say nothing . mitch and the house , now that Mom 's go , it 's get to be a lot to maintain , let alone clean ... and you be all alone in here . it 's worse than Walt think . he puff smoke . karen there 's this great place now , this community where you do not have to worry about mow the lawn or shoveling snow . people who be like you , alert , active , but be alone and would benefit by be with other folk they own age . 43. continued : 40 40 ( continued ) page 45 mitch dad , take a look . we bring some pamphlet . CUT to : ext . walt house - second later 41 41 Mitch and Karen storm out to they land cruiser . Mitch carry the gopher grabber tool and Karen have the big numbered phone in she hand . mitch I tell you , I tell you this be a bad idea . karen I know , you be right . mitch Son of a bitch ! he just will not let anyone help he . karen well , we try . now we can just drop it . no one can say we do not try . mitch to hell with he , kick we out on he birthday ?! we should have stay home with Ashley and josh . they know better , they would not even come . the goddamn kid be smarter than we be ! Mitch screech the tire as they take off . Walt wait for they to clear out , before come out on the porch with a can of pabst . Daisy come out and lie at he foot . Walt cover he mouth as he cough . a dime -size circle of dark , red blood be leave in the palm of he hand . Walt look at the blood as he take another sip of beer . ext . walt porch - evening 42 42 Walt continue to sit on he porch , a long row of empty pabst beer can be line up on the railing . 44 . continued : ( 2 ) 40 40 ( continued ) page 46 Walt look at a photo in he wallet , he and dorothy 's wedding photo . Walt look down at Daisy -- walt we miss momma , do not we , Daisy . a vehicle pull up to tao 's house . a party be in full swing . Sue come out and help the hmong woman unload big platter of food and carry they to the house . Sue catch Walt 's gaze and step over to he porch . sue hey , Walt , what be you up to ? Walt point he index finger at the can of pabst in he hand . sue we be have a barbecue . you want to come over ? walt what do you think ? sue there 's ton of food . walt I will bet . just keep you paw off my dog . sue no worry , we only eat cat . walt really ? sue no , I be kid , you moron . come on , come on over . you can be my special guest . walt I be fine right here . Walt reach into the cooler for another beer . it 's empty , just water and ice . walt Son of a bitch . 45 . continued : 42 42 ( continued ) page 47 sue what have you have to eat today , Walt ? walt a piece of cake and some beef jerky . sue come on over and get something to eat . we have get beer , too . Walt exhales loudly -- walt oh , what the hell . it 's my birthday , I may as well drink with stranger instead of myself . Walt get up and walk with Sue towards she house . sue happy birthday , wally . walt do not call I wally . int . tan' house - kitchen 43 43 Inside be thirty hmong and Walt , who stick out like a sore thumb . total fish out of water . Walt look in the refrigerator , Sue look over he shoulder . walt you do have a lot of beer , but no pabst . sue as they say , when in hmong . walt ha ha . be you sure it 's okay I be here ? everyone keep look at I and when I look back , they look at the ground . sue it 's fine . phong appear from the crowd and point at Walt . 46 . continued : ( 2 ) 42 42 ( continued ) page 48 phong ( subtitled ) you , get out . out of we house ! ( to Sue ) what be he do here ? Walt cringe at she presence . walt what would she say ? sue she say welcome to we home . walt no she do not . sue no , she do not . phong ( subtitled ) why be this white man in we home ? a man like he bring nothing , nothing but sorrow and death . several relative usher phong away from Walt . the relative be embarrassed at the outburst . walt she hate I . sue yes , she hate you . walt what do I do ? a little hmong girl walk past and Walt pat she on the head . everyone in the room look in horror at Walt . walt what ?! what the hell be all you fish head look at ?! Sue look around and then pull Walt out of the room . sue maybe we should go in the other room . int . dine room - second later 44 44 Sue explain a few fact to Walt . 47 . continued : 43 43 ( continued ) page 49 sue a lot of the people in this house be very traditional . number one , never touch a hmong person on the head , not even a child . hmong people believe that the soul reside in the head , so do not do that . walt that 's dumb , but fine . sue hmong people also consider look someone in the eye to be rude . that 's why everyone look away when you look at they . walt swell . anything else ? sue yeah , some hmong smile or grin when they be yell at or get into a confrontation . it 's a cultural thing . it express embarrassment or insecurity , not that they be laugh at you . walt good God , you people be all nut . int . live room 45 45 Walt open another beer , as Sue speak hmong to a relative . Walt notice a Old hmong man stare at he . Walt interrupt Sue . walt hey , Sue . sue what ? walt you say you guy do not look you in the eye , but that guy keep stare at I . Sue laugh and gesture to the Old hmong man . the Old hmong man step over and nod to Walt . 48 . continued : 44 44 ( continued ) page 50 sue this be kor khue . he 's the lor family shaman . walt witch doctor ? Sue smile and nod . sue something like that . the hmong hold they clan shaman in very high regards . walt boo-ga , boo -ga . kor khue say something to Sue in hmong . she turn and translate to Walt . sue kor khue be interested in you , he hear what you do . he say he would like to read you . walt huh ? sue he want to read you . tell you you soul . it would be rude not to allow he this , it 's a great honor . walt tell kor to be my guest , fire away . Sue speak hmong to the shaman . the shaman respond and sit down across from Walt . he look at Walt for a long time . Walt stare straight back at he . the shaman mumble to himself . finally the shaman turn to Sue and speak very rapidly . as Sue translate , the shaman watch Walt 's reaction . sue kor khue say that you think you have be disrespect . you do not live you life . you food have no flavor . you be scared of you past . 49 . continued : 45 45 ( more ) ( continued ) page 51 you stop live year and year ago . kor khue say you be not at peace . Walt look like he 's be hit by a truck . the shaman watch Walt closely , he know he hit the nail on the head . Walt look pale . he 's be spook good . he wipe sweat from he forehead . walt Excuse I . Walt get up and step into the kitchen . he take several deep breath . he 's pretty shook up . walt je -- zuz -- Christ . Walt look around at all the hmong eat and carry on . Walt see a young man give up he seat to a elder . Walt see a young woman go to each of the older folk and offer tea and cookie from a tray . Walt see a child help a old man out of the bathroom . Walt cough hard . he wipe blood from he lip . Sue come in and look at Walt . sue be you okay ? Walt brushes past she and go into the bathroom . int . bathroom - same time 46 46 epiphany . Walt wash he face in the sink and dry he hand . he 's still pale . he look long and hard in the mirror . Walt be stunne , it all add up . Walt have not really live in 50 year , he have not relaxed or exhale or let he guard down since he get back from Korea in 1953 . walt ( to himself ) Son of a bitch . I have get more in common with this goddamn gook than my own spoiled - rotten family . 50 . continued : ( 2 ) 45 45 sue ( cont 'd ) ( continued ) page 52 Walt look at himself . walt happy birthday . Walt open the bathroom door . Sue stand there with a concerned look on she face . sue be you okay ? walt me? I be fine . sue you be bleed ? Walt smile disarmingly . walt I just bit my tongue . I be fine . I be great . let 's get some of that gook food , I be starve . int . kitchen 47 47 Walt sit amongst several old hmong woman , who take great delight in feed he different hmong dish which he 's obviously never taste before . Walt react with great enthusiasm to the food , occasionally make joke like he 's choke , etc . this corny stuff go over like gangbuster with the hmong lady . Sue come in and roll she eye at Walt . sue come on , you glutton , let 's go downstairs . walt why ? sue to mingle . walt I be fine right here . I be mingling . sue come on , you say ‘not to leave you alone . ' 51 . continued : 46 46 page 53 int . basement - same time 48 48 Walt and Sue descend the stairway . Walt be really out of he element down with all the hmong teenager . and the first person he see across the room be tao . walt oh great . sue well , look who 's over there . walt what 's-his - name who try to steal my gran torino . sue my brother tao . walt yeah , toad . tao be in the corner , he avoid Walt 's gaze . Sue walk over to a group of boy , leave Walt alone . Walt do not know what to do with himself . he lean against the dryer . the dryer wobble . Walt get on he hand and knee . he look under the dryer . he adjust the short leg to balance out the machine . he just can not help it . all the hmong kid watch Walt , try not to laugh at this strange white man on he hand and knee fix a dryer during a party . Walt look up -- deer in the headlight . walt it be wobbly , but I fix it . it 's fine now , should not wobble anymore . the hmong kid look away , cover they mouth with they hand . Walt glare at tao , who immediately wipe the smile from he face . Sue walk over and hand Walt a drink . walt what 's this ? 52 . ( continued ) page 54 sue Rice liquor . try it . walt alright . Sue walk off . Walt sip he rice liquor and watch the interaction between the boy and girl . one particularly gorgeous young willow - wisp of a girl stare across the room at tao . tao look back at she , but then look away . the girl keep look at tao , smile and twist she hair . tao do not approach she , but three other young man do . they do they best to charm she . she 's polite , but not interested , she keep look at tao . Walt laugh at tao 's ineptitude , shake he head at this waste opportunity . suddenly the girl step over to Walt . she smile -- WA xam ( girl ) my friend and I be just wonder what you be do here ? walt good question . what be I do here ? anyway , I be Walt . WA xam hi , Walt . I be wa xam . walt wa yum ? WA xam no , wa xam . so ... what do you do ? walt I ? not too much ... I fix stuff I guess . WA xam like what ? walt well , I fix my wife 's friend 's sink yesterday . 53. continued : 48 48 ( more ) ( continued ) page 55 I drive my aunt to the doctor to straighten out she prescription . even fix my screen door before it be break . WA xam you be funny . walt that 's one thing I have never be accuse of . a bastard , yes . funny , no . wa xam laugh . WA xam well , have fun . I be go to take off . walt a pleasure to meet you , yum yum . she laugh at Walt butcher she name and go upstairs . the three young suitor follow she up . tao watch she . Walt come over to tao , who be startle . Walt laugh . walt relax , zipper head , whatta you think I be gonna do , shoot you ? tao look like he want to run away . walt I would not say anything either , if I be you . Walt sip he rice liquor . Walt can not help but rib tao . walt you know , I know you be a dipshit even before the whole garage deal , but I have to say you be even worse with woman than you be steal car , toad . tao it 's tao . walt what 's that ? tao it 's tao , not toad . my name be tao . 54 . continued : ( 2 ) 48 48 walt ( cont 'd ) ( continued ) page 56 walt good for you . anyway , you be blow it with that girl . not that I give two shit about a toad like you . tao you do not know what you be talk about . walt wrong , egg roll . I completely know what I be talk about . I know I be not always the most pleasant person to be around , but I get the great woman who ever live to marry I . I have to work at it , but I get she and it be the best thing that ever happen to I . hand down . Walt point across the room . he sway slightly . walt but you ? you just sit there and watch as ding Dong and click clack and Charlie Chan walk away with what 's - her-face . she like you , you know . tao who ? walt she be stand over there , orange dress , twist she hair and smile at you . tao you mean wa xam ? Walt take a long swig off he drink and nod . walt yeah , yeah . anyway , she like you , I know , I talk to she . great girl , charming girl . Love she . I love yum yum . but you ? you just watch she walk out the door with the Three stooge . why ? because you be a big fat pussy ! Walt drain he drink . 55 . continued : ( 3 ) 48 48 ( continued ) page 57 walt I gotta go home . good luck , puss - cake . you need it . ext . walt be yard - day 49 49 Walt empty the lawnmower bag as two elderly hmong woman come over , each carry a flower bouquet . walt no . no thanks . no more flower . the elderly hmong woman nod and speak rapid sentence in hmong to Walt . he have no idea what they be say . walt no more . please , keep you flower . the hmong woman nod , smile and chatter away , ignore Walt . they walk past he and set the bouquet on he porch . walt ( defeated ) okay , just put they on the porch . but that 's it . no more . int . walt entryway - morning 50 50 the doorbell ring . Walt answer , a skillsaw in one hand . stand on he doorstep be three hmong woman . walt what now , gee ? gee hold up a plate cover with tinfoil . walt no. forget it . stop bring I stuff . gee scold Walt in hmong . walt no. I have have it . gee open the corner of the tinfoil . Walt look at the food . 56 . continued : ( 4 ) 48 48 ( continued ) page 58 walt I can not . you have to stop . gee pull the tinfoil off . Walt gaze at the food . walt be that the chicken dumpling thing you bring the other day ? ext . walt house - evening 51 51 Walt pull up in he pickup truck . Sue and vu wait on Walt 's porch . tao stand out on the sidewalk . Walt get out of he pickup . walt what now ? what ? vu ramble on in hmong . Walt look at he watch . he look at Sue for the translation . sue tao be here to make amend , he 's here to work for you . walt no he 's not . sue mother say that tao dishonor the family and now he have to work off he debt . he will start tomorrow morning . walt no . the kid be useless , I do not even want he on my property . I think we already go over that . sue it 's very important to my mother that you accept . it would be a insult to refuse . walt how be this all of a sudden turn around on I ? the goddamn kid try to steal my car and somehow I be the bad guy if I do not accept ? 57 . continued : 50 50 ( continued ) page 59 sue my family be very traditional and it will very much upset they if you do not let tao repay ... tao interrupt from the sidewalk ... tao come on , Sue . if he do not want to , let 's just go . Sue and vu yell at tao to shut up at the same time ; Sue in English , vu in hmong . sue / vu shut up . shut up ! shut up !! tao look at the ground . a pause . Walt see the earnest look on the hmong woman 's face . they expression ubeg '' Walt . Walt gaze back at tao . Walt look disgust , he exhales loudly ... walt fine. great . tomorrow . Walt walk past they and into he house . walt Jesus , Joseph and Mary . this hmong broad be like badger . ext . walt porch - next morning 52 52 Walt sit drink coffee and read the newspaper . tao walk sheepishly over to the property line . walt Son of a bitch , I do not think he would show . Walt wave tao over . tao barely look at Walt . walt okay . what be you good at ? tao like what ? walt that 's what I be ask . what be you good at ? 58 . continued : 51 51 ( more ) ( continued ) page 60 if you be gonna work for I , I have to know what you can do . tao I do not know . walt that 's about what I expect . okay , why do not you go over by the spruce tree and count how many bird feed at the bird feeder . tao Count the bird ? walt yeah , you can count ? you slope be suppose to be good at math , right ? tao yes , I can count . ext . walt garden - morning 53 53 tao stand in Walt 's garden with he arm fold . Walt walk over to trim weed around the garden fence . Walt do not even look at tao. finally ... tao you want I to do that ? walt no . tao why not ? walt I want it do right , that 's why . tao but you have get I just stand here . what be I suppose to be do , anyway ? walt scare away crow . tao shoot Walt a dirty look . 59 . continued : 52 52 walt ( cont 'd ) ( continued ) page 61 walt it 's a perfect job for you , plus you people do not seem to mind squinting in the sun all day . ext . walt house - morning 54 54 Walt water a flower bed . tao come over and stand there . Walt finish water before even look at tao . tao what do you have for I today ? you want I to watch paint dry or maybe count the cloud that pass by ? walt do not get flip with I , zipper head . I be not the one who try to steal and do not forget it . tao go ahead . I do not care if you insult I and say racist thing . I will take it . walt that I know . you have no tooth , kid . that 's you problem . you have no ball . tao look , I be stick here . why do not you give I something useful to do . walt because unlike you I be not useless . I maintain my property , whereas you swamp rat let you house go to hell . Walt look across the street at one very dilapidate house . walt wait a minute ... how long do I have you for ? tao pause ... he do not want to answer . walt how long , toad ? 60 . continued : 53 53 ( continued ) page 62 tao ( quietly ) till next Friday . Walt laugh out loud . it make tao cringe . walt go get my ladder out of the garage . CUT to : ext . neighbor be house - same day 55 55 tao be at the top of the ladder . Walt and the hmong neighbor grin at he from the bottom . walt when you be do caulk the siding , nail that gutter back up , I can see it right out my kitchen window , it 's be bugging I for three year . the neighbor say something in hmong to Walt . walt you say it , brother . ext . house across the STREET - rainy morning 56 56 tao dig up a big tree stump out in the rain . it 's hard , drain labor and tao be cover with mud . tao 's shovel hit rock and root and clay . misery . ext . neighboring house - day 57 57 we see tao do various chore ; scrape paint , hang screen door , reattach house number , trim bush , etc . Walt scrutinize he every move . tao be a virtual slave . ext . walt porch - morning 58 58 Walt watch with great satisfaction as tao paint one of the neighbor house . the neighborhood be really shaping up . Walt sip he coffee with a slight grin . he be really , really , really enjoy this . 61 . continued : 54 54 ( continued ) page 63 a very old hmong man and he very young grandson walk up Walt 's driveway . the grandson translate for grandpa . grandson grandpa say he want to know if you can have tao clear out the big wasp nest under we porch ? Walt reach in he pocket and study a small note pad . walt I do not see why not . ( grins ) tell he sometime after lunch . ext . walt house - morning 59 59 tao walk up the sidewalk . before ringing the doorbell , tao look down at he hand which have several callouse on they . tao rub he hand with a smile . this have be the first time tao have really rise to a task present to he . tao reach for the doorbell ... int . walt bathroom - same time 60 60 Walt stand over the sink , cough . in the b.g. the doorbell ring . Walt cough up a big spot of blood , it 's thick with fiber . the doorbell ring again . Walt wipe he mouth and run the water in the sink . int . walt entryway - second later 61 61 Walt answer the door , just as tao ring the doorbell a third time . Walt look angry . walt Jesus Lord almighty , knock it off . tao it 's my last day , whatta you want I to do ? walt take the day off , you have do enough . 62 . continued : 58 58 ( continued ) page 64 tao look disappointed , but say nothing . he nod and start to walk away . Walt call after he ... walt toad . tao turn around . Walt want to say something , but stop . walt nothing , never mind . Walt shut the door . int . doctor' waiting room 62 62 Walt sit in the crowded wait room . he look around . he 's the only white person in the room . even most of the staff be African or from India . as Walt wait , name be call out such as alvarez , ngaima , Yang and abdalla . finally when the name '' kowalski” be call , the Muslim woman can not pronounce it correctly . Walt wince . int . doctor' office 63 63 Walt sit in a chair , he hand fold in he lap . a short asian man in a doctor 's smock come in with a chart . asian doctor Mr. kowalski ? walt that 's right . asian doctor good afternoon . I look over you paperwork and I think we should immediately start on a full battery of test . I feel that this ... walt wait a minute . where 's my regular doctor , where 's Dr. fellman ? 63. continued : 61 61 ( continued ) page 65 asian doctor Dr. fellman retire three year ago . I be he replacement , Dr. chang . walt Jesus Christ . int . mitch kitchen 64 64 Mitch , Karen and Ashley be in the kitchen . the phone ring and Ashley look at the caller id . ashley it 's grandpa Walt . karen well , pick it up . ashley you talk to he . karen Mitch ? mitch I be do bill here . karen he 's you father . Ashley hand he the phone and he push the talk button . mitch hello , dad . walt ( v.o. ) hello ? it 's I ... dad . mitch I know . what 's up ? the camera intercut between Mitch in he huge kitchen and Walt sit on the edge of he bed . walt um ... not much , how about you ? mitch I be fine , fine . walt Fine . that 's fine ... how about the kid and Karen ? 64 . continued : 63 63 ( continued ) page 66 mitch everyone be fine . walt good . there be a long , uncomfortable pause . Walt look at some xerox medical pamphlet scattered on he bed . mitch good . walt well , that 's good ... how 's ... work ? mitch busy . walt right . I s'pose . mitch speak of busy , I have a lot on my plate right now , unless there 's something press . Walt look at a pale , blue pamphlet . Mitch look at he housekeep bill . walt no. nope . another pause . walt okay then . mitch okay . yeah , so it 's not a good time right now . why do not you call I over the weekend . walt sure . mitch okay , it be nice talk to you , bye , dad . Walt hang up . he lie down on he bed . 65 . continued : 64 64 page 67 ext . walt front yard - day 65 65 while Walt fill a bird feeder , he notice tao next door . tao stand , tiptoed on the top of a six - foot ladder , try to cut a high branch with a pole see . Walt shake he head and walk over to tao . walt hey , moron . tao be startle and almost fall off the ladder . tao what ? walt I appreciate you be do something on you own , but you be the only person I know dumb enough to get himself kill trimming tree branch . tao what now ? walt you do not stand on the top step of a ladder and if you cut through that branch you be hack away at , you will end up kaput . tao look and sure enough -- a thick , black power line be five foot below the branch he 's almost severe . walt go grab the extension ladder from my garage and I will show you how to do it right , zipper head . CUT to : ext . tan' yard - later 66 66 tao tie up bundle of branch and twig . Walt light a cigarette , look up in the tree and nod . walt look good . good job . tao nod . 66 . ( continued ) page 68 walt make sure you put the ladder back when you be do rake up the leave . tao I know . I will . Walt walk back over to he porch , grab a pabst from the cooler and watch tao rake . a white Honda turn the corner and drive slowly past tao. smokie and spider smile menacingly at tao as they pass . walt this kid do not have a chance . the Honda now slowly pass Walt 's house . Walt just stand there , sip he beer . the Honda slow to a stop and the gangbanger glare at Walt . the rear window of the Honda open . Walt hold out he right hand like a gun . he close one eye to better “aim” he imaginary gun and move he thumb several time as if fire . bang -- bang -- bang . the Honda take off . Walt watch it drive off and light another cigarette . Walt do not notice , but tao witness this whole interaction from he yard . int . walt entryway - morning 67 67 the doorbell ring . Walt open he door . tao stand there with he hand in he pocket . he 's a bit apprehensive . tao what do you know about faucet ? Walt stare at he for a second and then laugh . CUT to : 67 . continued : 66 66 page 69 int . tan' kitchen - a minute later 68 68 tao look on as Walt turn the faucet on and off , it drip water at its base . Walt look under the sink . walt for the love of Pete . tao what ? walt it must be a hundred degree in here , turn on the fan . tao flip the switch on the ceiling fan , the fan wobble and shake , it look like it 's about to fly off . Walt stare up at the fan and shake he head . int . walt garage 69 69 the ceiling fan and faucet be take apart on the workbench . Walt reinstalls the diverter valve . tao look at all of Walt 's tool . tao man , where do you get all this stuff ? walt what be you talk about ? tao all the tool and stuff . walt where the hell do you think I get they , toad ? this may come as a shock to a thief , but I actually buy the thing I have with money I earn . tao yeah , yeah , yeah , that 's not what I mean . there 's just so much shit pack in here . walt you need the right tool for the right job . every single thing here have a purpose . 68 . ( continued ) page 70 tao okay , what 's this ? tao point to a tool . walt Post hole digger . tao start point at thing on the workbench in quick succession , question Walt with he expression . walt Hand spade . tin snip . nail punch . tack hammer . putty knife . Wire stripper . drywall see . tile spacer . silence . Walt can see something be bother tao , but he 's too uncomfortable to speak up -- walt what ? tao I can not afford to buy all this stuff . walt I do not buy all this stuff at once , blockhead . I have live here for fifty year . a man stay in one place long enough he tend to attract a decent set of tool . tao yeah , but ... walt look , kid , I think I know where you be go with this . you do not need everything to maintain a house . I be go to let you in on a little secret . Walt rattles around he tool bench and slap down three item in quick succession . walt this be for you . Roll of duct tape , can of WD - 40 and a pair of vise -grip . any man who 's worth a shit can do half he household job with this three thing . in the odd chance that do not work out , you can borrow something . 69 . continued : 69 69 ( continued ) page 71 tao okay . cool . Walt cough and cover he mouth . both tao and Walt see the spot of blood in he hand . tao what 's with that ? walt what 's with what ? tao the blood you just cough up . that 's not good , you should see a doctor . Walt quickly change the subject -- while tightening the screw that hold the fan blade to the motor hub . walt so ... what exactly be the deal with that guy out on my lawn that night ? who be they ? tao a gang . hmong gangbanger . walt I gather that . what do they want with you ? tao they want to take I away because I blow my first initiation . walt you join up with that puke ? damn , you be a pussy . why in the hell do you do that ? tao I do not know . they be persuasive . my cousin 's in the gang . they just talk I into it I guess . walt well , at least you be honest about it . a long silence . Walt finish fix the ceiling fan . 70 . continued : ( 2 ) 69 69 ( continued ) page 72 walt so how would you blow you first initiation ? tao nod towards the gran torino . walt the gran torino ? tao nod . Walt laugh . walt Christ all Friday . int . walt basement 70 70 Walt strap a old westinghouse freezer onto a two - wheeled dolly . Walt attempt to pull the freezer upstairs . Walt strain with the heavy appliance . it 's too much weight for Walt , but this do not stop he from heaving and pull . Walt could have do this by himself when he be young . Walt sit down on the step and breathes hard . int . mitch massive den 71 71 Mitch watch afternoon baseball , drink a import , bottled beer . karen poke she head into the room . karen see you later , I be take the kid to the mall . Mitch never look up from the tv . mitch yeah , fine . just do not spend too much goddamn money . karen I will . we hear Karen and the kid exit . mitch thank God . finally get the house to myself for once . the phone ring . Mitch look at the caller id . it say ; '' dad . '' Mitch almost do not pick it up ... 71 . continued : ( 3 ) 69 69 ( continued ) page 73 mitch hello . walt ( v.o. ) hello ? it 's I , dad ... Walt . mitch hey , dad . what 's up ? the camera intercut between Walt in he small kitchen and Mitch in he huge de . walt well ... I ... um ... I be get the old westinghouse up out of the basement . Mitch mouth the word '' shit . '' mitch uh-huh . walt so ... I get it on the dolly . mitch yeah , that will help . walt yeah ... and it 's a bit heavy ... for one guy . mitch uh-huh . walt yeah ... I need a hand . mitch oh. walt so be you busy ? mitch do it have to be do right this second ? it 's be down there for year . walt well ... yeah , I would like to get on it . 72 . continued : 71 71 ( continued ) page 74 mitch do it work ? we be think about get a freezer . what be you go to do with it ? walt give it to aunt Mary . mitch oh ... can not she give you a hand ? walt she 's eighty - one . mitch I know , I be joke ... what do she need it for ? walt to freeze food . Mitch open another beer . mitch yeah , well , I would love to help you out , dad , but I be just walk out the door . I have to bring the kid to the mall . sorry . walt uh-huh . mitch why do not you call stevie ? walt you brother life out of state . mitch well , I do not know what to tell you , I be on my way out . key in my hand . walt okay then . mitch if you can not find anyone by next week , give I a call . Walt nod and hang up . Mitch hang up and take a sip of beer . 73. continued : ( 2 ) 71 71 ( continued ) page 75 mitch aunt Mary . like she need a freezer . int . tan' house 72 72 the doorbell ring and tao open the door . there stand Walt . tao be a little shocked . walt you get a minute , toad ? CUT to : int . walt basement - a minute later 73 73 Walt and tao look at the freezer strapped to the dolly . walt I just need a little push . all the weight be up top , so you stay down and give I a little shove at each step . tao let I take the top . walt naw , I get it . tao no really , I will take the top . it look pretty heavy . walt I be not crippled . I get it . tao if you do not let I take the top , I be not help . I will go home . walt listen , zipper head , now 's not the time to go and ... tao you listen , old man . you come and get I because you need help , so let I help you . either it 's top or I be out of here . Walt study tao for a second . tao do not blink , he hold he ground . Walt nod , try not to grin . 74 . continued : ( 3 ) 71 71 ( continued ) page 76 walt okay then , be my guest . just do not let it slip out of you little girl hand and crush I . tao laugh . tao do not give I any idea . ext . walt backyard - minute later 74 74 tao and Walt ease the freezer down the back step and pause to take a break . they both breathe hard . tao that thing weigh a ton . walt yeah , but it run like new . they do not make they like that anymore . tao what be you go to do with it ? walt sell it . I have not use it in year and it be always in the way down there . tao how much ? walt oh , I do not know . sixty buck , maybe . why , you need a freezer ? tao ( nods ) we downstairs one die . Walt think for a second . walt twenty - five and it 's yours . tao twenty -five ? you just say sixty ? walt save I from waste money on put a ad in the paper . 75 . continued : 73 73 page 77 ext . walt porch - day 75 75 Walt and Sue sit eat laab as they watch tao , who wash and wax the gran torino in Walt 's driveway . Sue laugh and shake she head . sue kind of ironic , huh ? walt what ? sue what the hell do you think I be refer to ? toad wash the car he try to steal from you . walt it seem like justice to I . and if he miss a spot , he 's do it all over . sue it 's nice of you to kind of look after he like this . he do not have any real role model in he life . walt I be not a role model . sue you be a good man , wally . I wish we dad would have be more like you . walt do not call I wally . sue no , I be serious . he be hard on we , really traditional , really old school . walt I be old school . sue yeah , but you be american . walt what 's that suppose to mean ? Sue shrug he off . they look at tao for awhile . 76 . ( continued ) page 78 sue you like he , do not you ? walt him ? do not be crazy . he try to steal my car . sue and you spend time with he and you teach he how to fix thing and you save he from that fuck cousin of ours and ... walt hey . watch the language . sue and you be a good man . walt Hand I a beer , Dragon Lady . Sue hand he a beer and Walt pop the top . walt so tell I the problem with hmong boy again . I be not completely clear . sue hmong girl slip in and out of the culture more easily . date who we want , stay close to we mother , but be able to keep a foot on each side of the fence . the boy fall through the crack . walt why ? sue it 's tough . the boy float around . the father belong in a totally different world and the boy have no one to turn to . do that make sense ? walt not sure . no. sue the boy do not ask they father for advice , because over here , they father no longer have the answer . 77 . continued : 75 75 ( more ) ( continued ) page 79 hmong boy become almost invisible , they end up band together and it all go to hell from there . walt the girl go to college and the boy go to jail . sue it 's more common than not . Walt reflect on this for awhile , then change the subject . walt you still go out with that clown ? sue no. I dumped he . he be a dim - wit . Walt nod . walt good girl . ext . walt garden - day 76 76 Walt and tao spread mulch around Walt 's vegetable plant . tao you know , the hmong consider gardening to be woman 's work . walt be that why I see you out in you garden all the time ? besides , zipper head , we be not in hu-mong . tao funny . Walt light a cigarette . tao you should quit that . it 's bad for you . walt so be join a gang , you dipshit . 78 . continued : ( 2 ) 75 75 sue ( cont 'd ) ( continued ) page 80 tao seriously , you should quit , I see you cough up blood . walt so , you ever think about what you want to do with you life ? tao I do not know . walt you have never think about it ? tao of course I have . walt well , while you be think about it , try not to stomp all over my chive , you dipshit . tao look down ; sure enough , he 's stand on Walt 's chive . tao sorry . walt put some mulch around the cucumber . tao spread more mulch . tao I be think about sale , maybe . walt my oldest son 's a salesman . he sell car . tao do he do well ? walt license to steal . I work in a Ford plant for thirty year and my son sell goddamn japanese car . tao you make car ? 79 . continued : 76 76 ( continued ) page 81 walt that 's right . and I put the steering column in the gran torino when it roll down the line in 1972 . tao wow , that 's cool . walt it be , be not it ? tao do you son come over much ? walt how be you go about get into sale ? you think about school ? tao kinda . walt well , you should . tao School cost money . walt maybe you should get a job and save instead of spread mulch in my garden . tao maybe you could just pay I . walt that 's funny . tao what kind of job could I get ? walt good question . who the hell would hire you ? tao ( deflate ) yeah , I know . walt aw , go on . I be kid . you could get a job , easy . 80 . continued : ( 2 ) 76 76 ( continued ) page 82 tao like what ? walt I would think about construction . tao me? construction ? what , do you have Alzheimer 's or something ? walt naw , you could hack it . you just need a little adjustment . tao you say yourself I be worthless and I have soft little girl hand . walt that 's exactly the point . I know some guy in the trade , but you have to get you shit together . we have to man you up a bit . tao man I up ? walt yes . and you should ask out yum yum too . ext . / int . barbershop - day 77 77 Walt and tao walk up to the barbershop . walt you have to learn how guy talk . now watch how I and Martin communicate . we just throw it back and forth . you ready ? tao sure . walt okay , let 's go in . Walt hold the door for tao and they enter . the barber have he foot up read a playboy . barber oh great , a pollack and a chink . 81 . continued : ( 3 ) 76 76 ( continued ) page 83 walt afternoon , Martin , you dumb italian prick . barber Walt , you cheap asshole , I should have know you would come in , I be have such a pleasant day . walt why , do you jew some blind man out of a few buck , give he the wrong change ? Walt and the barber shake hand warmly . tao be wide - eye . barber who 's the nip ? walt this be tao . he 's a pussy kid who life next door and I be try to man he up a little . Walt point at tao . walt do you see ? that 's how man talk to each other . tao they do ? barber what , do you have shit in you ear ? walt okay . you go out , come back in and give it a try . tao come on , Walt . walt I say go out there , come back in and talk to the barber like a man . do it . tao shrug , go outside , let the door shut then come back in . the barber stand there with a sneer on he face . 82. continued : 77 77 ( continued ) page 84 tao wus up , you old italian prick ? the barber level a saw - off shotgun at tao . barber get outta my shop before I blow you head off , you long - haire faggy little gook ! tao be terrify , freeze stiff . Walt and the barber throw they head back and laugh . the barber lower the shotgun . walt Jesus Christ , toad , you do not walk in and insult a guy . what be you , a idiot ? tao but ... but that 's what you say . that 's what you say man say . walt not if you never meet the guy . if you say that shit to the wrong stranger , they will blow you goddamn gook head off ! Walt and the barber laugh again . tao what should I have say ? walt anything but that . barber kid , you shoulda just start with '' hi ' or '' hello . ' walt right . you should have say , '' Excuse I , I be look for a haircut if you have time . ' barber yeah . be polite , but do not kiss ass . walt or , even better be act like you just get off a construction job . 83. continued : ( 2 ) 77 77 ( more ) ( continued ) page 85 or bitch about you girlfriend or get you car fix . barber right . Son of a bitch , I just get my brake fix and that son a bitch really nail I . screw I right in the ass . walt exactly . do not swear at the guy you be talk to , swear about another guy who be not there . my son of a bitch prick fuck boss make I work overtime and he know I have bowl tonight . barber or , my old lady bitch to I for two fuck hour about how they do not take expire coupon at the grocery store and the minute I turn on the goddamn game , she start cry how we never talk . walt see ? you come back in , toad . be polite and then you bring up something you can both talk about . it be not rocket science . tao yeah , but I do not have a job or a car or a girlfriend . Walt and the barber laugh . barber sweet Jesus , I shoulda blow he head off when I have the chance . walt just go back outside and try it again . and do not mention you be a pussy with no car , girl , job , future or whatever . come in and act like a man , toad . tao go out , turn around and come back in . tao Excuse I , sir , I need a haircut , if you be not too busy ... you italian son-of - a-bitch prick barber . 84 . continued : ( 3 ) 77 77 walt ( cont 'd ) ( continued ) page 86 Walt and the barber laugh ... tao Boy do my ass hurt from all the guy at my construction job . Walt and the barber laugh harder . int . walt old pickup truck - morning 78 78 walt if you do this , you be go to follow through , right ? tao yeah , yeah . walt no , not yeah , yeah . yes , as in yes , sir , I will do my best . tao yes , I will do my best . walt you better , because when I vouch for someone , it 's my word and I do not want anyone make I look bad . tao no , I be good . I be totally into this . walt and do not lay down to people all the time . always look a person in the eye . when you shake a man 's hand , you can usually tell where you stand with he . Walt hand a pair of beat - up work glove to tao . walt here , stuff this in you back pocket . tao cool . walt just do not blow this . 85 . continued : ( 4 ) 77 77 ( continued ) page 87 Walt and tao walk up to the superintendent 's Office trailer on a construction job site . int . job trailer - same time 79 79 Walt and tao come in . Walt shake hand with tim kennedy , the job super . walt Kennedy , you drunken irish goon , how the hell be ya ? kennedy shitty , but who 's gonna listen ? walt not I . Walt pour himself a cup of the bad job-site coffee . kennedy help yourself , Walt , you dumb pollack . walt I already do . this be the kid I tell you about . tao , this be Tim Kennedy , he 's the super on the job . Kennedy look tao up and down . tao look he in the eye . kennedy what do we get , Walt ? walt he 's do construction here and there . whatever you need , he will pick it up quick . kennedy you sure ? walt sure . kennedy you speak English ? tao yes , sir . kennedy you bear here ? 86 . continued : 78 78 ( continued ) page 88 tao you bet . kennedy you get a vehicle ? I see Walt drive you here . tao not at the moment . I be take the bus for now . kennedy the bus ? Jesus Christ , you do not have a car ? tao my headgasket crack and the goddamn prick at the shop want to bend I over for $ 2100 . kennedy I just replace the tranny in my tahoe and the son a bitch fuck I hard , just under $ 3200 . tao goddamn thief . it be not right . kennedy you get that right . come on in on Monday and we will find something for you to do . tao put out he hand to shake . tao thanks , Mr. Kennedy . Tim Kennedy shake tao 's hand . kennedy it 's Tim . what 's you name again ? tao tao . kennedy okay . you owe I one , Walt . walt I will send you a fuck fruitcake at Christmas . 87 . continued : 79 79 ( continued ) page 89 kennedy fuck the fruitcake , why do not you hand over the key to that gran torino . walt yeah , everybody seem to want that car . kennedy I bet . walt you do not know the half of it . come on , zipper head , let 's let this big Mick get back to screwing off . Walt and tao exit and walk back to the truck . int . truck - drive - same morning 80 80 Walt pull into a Home Depot parking lot . tao what be we do ? walt what be you gonna put all you tool in , a empty rice bag ? int . home depot 81 81 Walt and tao walk the aisle . Walt grab a tool belt and toss it to tao . walt you will need this . Walt then toss tao a utility knife holder . walt and you will need that . now where the hell do they hide the hardware holder ? tao I can not afford any of this . walt I will get it , but you be pay I back with you first check . 88. continued : ( 2 ) 79 79 ( continued ) page 90 tao cool . Walt pitch a hardware pouch at tao . walt and you need this too . that should about do it . tao not to bitch , but will not I be need some tool ? walt tool I get , but I be not loaning you my tool belt . you can buy tool as you go . tao I appreciate all this . walt aw , forget it . tao no , I really do . thank you . Walt stick out he jaw and look tao straight in the eye . tao do not know what to expect . a pause . Walt put out he hand to tao . tao extend he and they shake hand . it 's really quite a moment for both of they . ext . bus stop - afternoon 82 82 tao get off the bus , he tool belt over he shoulder . tao look tired after work , but content . he walk past a abandon lot . the trick - out Honda pull up and stop . smokie , spider and company get out . tao look nervous , but remain calm . tao what now ? spider just see what you be up to , cuz . 89 . continued : 81 81 ( continued ) page 91 tao I be get home from work , not that you guy would know much about that . spider so it 's true ? you get a job . tao come on , what do you guy want with I ? smokie Jesus Christ , tao . what do you think ? I have be sooooo easy on you , but I can not just go on like nothing happen . tao you can not just leave I alone ? smokie afraid not . the gangbanger grab tao . tao kick and struggle as they yank away he tool belt . tao keep you hand off my stuff . smokie you stuff ? you and everything you have be mine . I own you . smokie pull the tape measure off the belt and smashes it against the pavement . whatever tool smokie can not destroy , he toss onto the roof of the close building . smokie you can not just walk away from we , tao . it look bad . it make I look bad . smokie light a cigarette and exhales ... smokie what 's the phrase I be look for ? oh yeah , I need to ‘save face . ' smokie grab tao by the neck and press the light cigarette into tao 's cheek . tao scream as he flesh burn . 90 . continued : 82 82 page 92 ext . walt be alley - morning 83 83 Walt spot tao as he take out the trash . walt hey there . tao look to the ground and head in the other direction . tao hey , I gotta run . walt wait a minute . where have you be , I have not see you in day ? tao busy . Walt squint at tao . he step closer . tao look away . Walt tilt tao 's head up , he see the burn . walt what in the hell happen to you ? tao do not worry about it . walt do not worry about it ? look at you goddamn face ! tao I say do not worry about it . it 's not you problem . Walt look at the ground and spit . walt when ? tao couple day ago . grab I after I get off the bus come home from work . walt coward . tao I do everything I could possibly do . they break some of you tool . I will replace they . 91 . ( continued ) page 93 walt forget the tool . where do you cousin live ? tao no , Walt , I can manage . I do not want you do anything . Walt be angry , but eventually nod at tao . walt alright . you need any other tool for work ? tao I could use a roofing hammer . walt go in the garage and get whatever you need . int . tan' bedroom - night 84 84 tao lean over he desk with a black sharpie marker . he carefully write '' tao vang lor” in black ink on the face of he smashed - up tape measure . he put it back into the tool belt and grab another tool to label . int . / ext . walt truck - night 85 85 Walt sit in the dark , the only light be from the radio tune to baseball . Daisy lie in the front seat . next to Daisy be the M1 rifle . Walt watch as spider and another hmong gangbanger step out of the rundown duplex , get in they Honda and drive off . walt that 's the last of they . Walt pull out he colt .45 automatic and chamber a round . ext . duplex - same time 86 86 Walt pound loudly on the door . a moment later the door start to swing open and a voice be hear ... smokie ( o.s. ) what the hell do ... 92 . continued : 83 83 ( continued ) page 94 Walt kick open the door and grab smokie by the collar . Walt drag the 105 pound smokie out of he house and toss he off the front porch onto the front sidewalk . smokie be stunne . Walt kick he hard in the rib . smokie how the fuck do you get here ?! walt you be not that hard to track down . Walt boot he again . smokie curl up in the fetal position . smokie what do you want ? Walt kick he a second time . walt I come to give you a chance . something come out of the shadow under the porch . Walt swing the barrel of the big colt .45 at the movement . it 's a cat . Walt put he pistol away . smokie exhales . walt it 's just you and I . nobody know or have to know I be here . you lay off tao . tell you guy he be not worth it or whatever the hell you want . you do not talk to he , you do not go near he . this be you one chance . you lay off and no one will ever be the wiser . smokie say nothing . walt I will take that as a yes . I do not want to come back here . but if I do , believe I , it will be goddamn ugly . Walt kick smokie again and stalk off into the dark . 93. continued : 86 86 page 95 ext . walt house - same evening 87 87 Walt pull up he driveway and park . Daisy jump out and Walt carry he rifle into the house . Walt walk stiffly . Walt get to the door and drop he key . when he bend down to pick they up , you can really tell he 's sore and hurt . Walt groan as he go inside . he 's feel he age . ext . walt backyard - day 88 88 vu , Sue , tao and wa xam all sit in lawn chair , talk and laugh . Walt flip the inch-thick steak on he weber . walt how do you want you dog ... I mean steak cook ? medium , medium well ? tao funny . Walt pop open a beer and grab a appetizer that vu make . walt be this hmoog or laab ? sue laab . walt be not it usually a little spicier ? tao , wa xam and Sue laugh . sue oh whatever , wally . walt it do . usually it 's get more zing . sue Jesus Christ , look at you . I have never see you like this . walt what ? 94 . ( continued ) page 96 sue look at you smile , old man . kick back , have a good old time . you be sure pleased with yourself today . tao and it 's a little unnerve if you ask I . walt aw , go on . sue no , admit it . you be . you be feel pretty good , be not you ? walt well , who would not ? I be surround by beautiful woman , it 's a beautiful day . great food , good friend . Hell , even toad be not drive I nut for once . tao it never end . walt I be just kid . let I tell you something , yum - yum . if tao do not ask you out soon , I will . sue do not listen to he , wa xam . he 's a white devil . WA xam ( laugh ) I would love to , Walt , but he beat you to it . walt I will be damned . Movie ? dinner ? wa xam and tao nod . they be a bit embarrassed . sue yeah , they be take the bus . walt the bus ?! that 's no good . a charming young lady like this deserve to go in style . 95 . continued : 88 88 ( continued ) page 97 tao like what ? take a limo ? Walt nod towards the gran torino . tao the gran torino ? you would let I drive it ? walt sure . why not . tao really ? Walt smile . walt really . they shake hand . int . walt live room - evening 89 89 Walt watch baseball . he hear a car outside . shout be hear and glass break . Walt get up and look out the shade ... tan' house be rake with gunfire come from a van ! window shatter and the siding splinter . fifty bullet shake the house before the van peel off . ext . tan' house - same time 90 90 Walt be up they front step and in the house in second . Walt go from room to room , from vu to phong finally to tao -- make sure no one 's be hit . walt be everyone okay ? be anyone hit ? Sue ? vu? tao , where 's tao ? tao sit up from behind the couch . blood pour down he neck . he 's stunne . walt oh no . Walt lay tao down and rip open the collar of he shirt . Walt probe around tao 's neck . 96 . continued : ( 2 ) 88 88 ( continued ) page 98 tao what ... what be it ? walt hang on ... you be just cut , be all . tao be everybody else okay ? walt yeah . Walt look around at the bullet hole in the wall . tao follow he gaze . tao it 's a miracle no one be kill . walt they aim high . sure enough -- most of the bullet hole be above head level on the wall . walt where 's Sue ? tao she go to we aunt 's . walt call she . tao what ? walt I say call she . get the goddamn phone and call and see if she 's there . tao scramble for the phone and dial . tao speak hmong to whomever answer . tao start to speak faster . he look at Walt and shake he head “no . '' for once -- vu and phong understand what Walt be talk about . there be anguish on every face in the room . CUT to : 97 . continued : 90 90 page 99 int . tan' house - later 91 91 Walt sit across from tao , drink rice liquor . Walt speak loudly , without any consideration for phong who shoot he dirty look . walt this be exactly what I do not want . damn gook . why the hell be I even here ? tao maybe one of she friend call and she just change plan . Walt sip the rice liquor . Walt now speak quietly to tao . walt in Korea I learn not to care . the best friend of my life be still miss somewhere in Korea . you harden yourself . do not let anything get to you . phong look out the window and scream . she run over and swing open the door . everyone expect the worst ... and it come like a cold wind -- sue walk in like a zombie . she have be brutally beat . her clothes be dirty and tear . blood run down sue' leg from under she shirt . Walt look at she and the glass fall from he hand . Sue stagger into vu 's arm . vu weep . Sue hug she mother and sob . tao reach to hug he sister , but phong screech at he , point at Walt and back to tao . Walt be destroy . he step outside into the dark . ext . / int . walt house - same time 92 92 Walt stagger across the yard to he house . walt no , no , no , no , no . 98 . ( continued ) page 100 Walt burst in the door , throw himself in a easy chair and cry . he try to stop and cry harder . it 's the first time Walt have cry in fifty year . he wail , cry for tao , Sue , he wife , kid and himself . he let it all out . Daisy jump in he lap and he hug he old dog as he bawl . CUT to : int . walt live room - later 93 93 Walt sit , red-ey . he 's do cry . family photo album be scattered around . Father janovich knock and ease open the front door . father janovich Mr. kowalski , be you in here ? walt come on in . Father janovich come in and sit down across from Walt . father janovich be you okay ? Walt nod . father janovich the police finally leave . no one be talk . one thing about the hmong , they keep they mouth shut . walt I have notice that . Father janovich pick up a photo album and flip through it . picture of Mitch and Steve as baby . walt you know , there 's no way that tao or Sue be gonna have any peace if this gang guy do not go away . go away forever . you know it as well as I do . father janovich what be you say ? 99 . continued : 92 92 ( continued ) page 101 walt you hear what I say . father janovich they take Sue to the hospital . she 's scared . they be all scared . walt I be not . father janovich I know that . believe I , they all know that . tao especially . he 's sit out there stare at you front door . you know what he expect , Mr. kowalski . walt yeah , well what would you do if you be I ? if you be tao ? what would you do ? Father janovich shake he head . father janovich I know what I would do if I be you , or at least what you think you should do . if I be tao I guess I would want vengeance . I would want to stand shoulder to shoulder with you and kill that guy . walt and you ? father janovich what would I do ? I would come over here and talk to you I guess . I know you be close with this people , but this piss I off too , Mr. kowalski . Walt nod . walt wanna beer ? father janovich I would love one . walt they be in the cooler , grab I one too . 100 . continued : 93 93 ( continued ) page 102 Father janovich grab four beer , two for each of they . he open a pabst and take a big swig . father janovich damn all this . it just be not fair . walt nothing 's fair , Father . Father janovich and Walt sit for awhile . father janovich so , what be you go to do , Mr. kowalski ? walt call I Walt . Father janovich nod . father janovich alright , what be you go to do , Walt ? walt not sure yet . all I do know be they do not have a goddamn chance . int . walt kitchen - morning 94 94 Walt sit at the kitchen table in he robe , drink coffee . tao come in without even knock on the door . tao what be you do ? walt I be think . tao think time be over . now it 's time to knock the ass out of that prick . walt I know you do not want to hear this , but you have to calm down . tao what ?! 101 . continued : ( 2 ) 93 93 ( continued ) page 103 walt you have to have a clear head , otherwise mistake get make . back away from what 's happen , tao . tao no . do not let I down , Walt . not you . this be go to end , today . Walt stand up and pull out a chair for tao to sit in . walt sit down . tao I do not want to sit . walt I say sit down ! just listen up for a second and do not say anything . tao sit down . Walt rub he hand together . walt I know what need to be do . I need to prepare , this need to be carefully plan . you know I be the right man for this . so cool down for a little while and meet I back here at 4 p.m. I promise you , what need to be do , will be do . tao I say we go now . right now . walt and do what ? you want to go kill you cousin and that other Zip . Mr. tough - guy-all -of-a- sudden be out for blood . what do you even know about it ? tao be furious , but say nothing . walt trust I , tao . cool down and we will meet back here at four . okay ? tao do not answer . 102 . continued : 94 94 ( continued ) page 104 walt I say ‘okay ? ' you will not do anything without I . you meet I back here at four ? say ‘okay . ' tao okay . tao storm out the back door . Walt pour more coffee . int . bathroom 95 95 Walt soak in the tub . it 's fill with bubbles . Walt look over at Daisy who rest on a towel in the corner . Walt light a cigarette and exhales . Daisy curl up she lip at the smoke . walt I know , I know . give I a break , it 's the first time I have ever smoke in the house . ext . walt be yard - day 96 96 Walt meticulously mow he lawn . he carefully trim around the fence and birdbath . int . old school barbershop 97 97 Martin finish cut Walt 's hair . barber there , all do . ten buck american . walt I do not suppose you still have steady enough hand to give a guy a straight shave , you withere , old italian mummy ? barber you ? a straight shave ? you have never order a straight shave , ever . walt that 's right . I always wonder what they be like . unless you be too goddamn busy ? 103 . continued : ( 2 ) 94 94 ( continued ) page 105 barber no , no . that 's fine . let I heat up a towel . Walt hand Martin the barber a twenty . walt here 's a twenty . keep the change in case you slip and hit my jugular . int . old school men' clothing store 98 98 Walt get fitte for a new suit . the old tailor carefully measure Walt 's shoulder . walt so you can take it in right here ? tailor yes , sir . take about a hour . walt that 's great . thank you . tailor yes , sir . walt never have a fitte suit . int . catholic church office 99 99 Walt come in and Father janovich look up . father janovich Mr. kowalski , what can I do for you ? walt I have come for confession . father janovich oh Lord Jesus , what have you do ? walt nothing . take it easy . father janovich what be you up to ? 104 . continued : 97 97 ( continued ) page 106 walt be you go to let I confess or not ? CUT to : int . confessional booth 100 100 Walt calmly sit on one side and a very nervous , sweat Father janovich sit on the other . father janovich how long have it be since you last confession ? walt forever . bless I , Father , for I have sin . father janovich what be you sin , my son . walt in 1968 , I kiss Betty jablonski at the work Christmas party . dorothy be talk with the other wife and it just happen . father janovich yes . go on . walt I make nine hundred dollar profit sell a boat and motor and never report the tax which be the same as steal . father janovich yes . Fine . walt and lastly , I be never close to my two son . I do not know they . I do not know how . father janovich that 's it ? walt whatta you mean , '' that 's it ? ' it 's bother I for year . 105 . continued : 99 99 ( continued ) page 107 father janovich God love and forgive you . say ten '' hail mary ' and five '' we father . ' be you go to retaliate for what happen to Sue ? Walt say nothing . Father janovich look hard at Walt . father janovich I be go over to that house today , Mr. kowalski . walt be that so ? father janovich it be . and every other day until you see the folly in what you be plan . walt I gotta go , padre . busy day ahead . father janovich go in peace . walt I be at peace . Walt and Father janovich shake hand . Walt exit . Father janovich exhales loudly and drop into he chair . father janovich je -- zuz -- Christ . int . walt kitchen - 3:51 p.m. 101 101 Walt carefully reassemble the two weapon he just clean and oile . tao come in and look down at the two weapon -- the 30-06 M1 garand rifle and the colt .45 pistol . tao pick up the heavy rifle . tao which one do I get ? walt you ever fire a weapon ? 106 . continued : 100 100 ( continued ) page 108 tao no. tao aim the rifle at a imaginary target . walt put that down . I get something for you . tao what ? walt in Korea , October , 1952 . we be send up to sweep a chink machine gun nest that have carve we up pretty bad . I be the only one who come back ... I receive the Silver Star . I want you to have it . tao why ? walt when we go up that hill , we know it be ten to one against we , but we go anyway . this trouble now , it 's similar . we be walk right into it . we might not be come home tonight . tao the hell we will not . we be go to roll in there and tear ass . walt do not be a fool , this guy be wait for that exact reaction . tao be quiet for a minute . tao how many ? walt how many what ? tao how many man do you kill in Korea ? walt thirteen for sure . probably more . 107 . continued : 101 101 ( continued ) page 109 tao what be it like to kill a man ? walt you do not want to know . tao why not ? walt go get the Silver Star . it 's in a blue wooden box in the cellar . tao go downstairs . he turn on the light and go into the cellar . tao locate a blue wooden BOX and open it . tao hold up the medal . he look at it closely . and wham -- Walt slam the heavy cellar door shut behind he . Walt slide the bolt lock into place with a loud click . tao could not kick he way out of there in ten year . of course he try anyway . tao be furious . he throw thing . tao what the hell be you do ?! let I out of here , you goddamn son - of - a-bitch !! walt quit smash everything . you will never get out of there , so just relax . tao you let I out , you crazy old fuck , or I will kill you when I get out of here . tao pound on the door . Walt pound back with a strength and authority which startles tao . walt you want to know how it feel to kill a man ? it feel goddamn lousy . and it feel even worse when you get a medal for bravery right after you mow down some scared kid when he try to give up . a dumb , scared , little gook , just about you age . I shot he with the same rifle you just hold upstairs . 108 . continued : ( 2 ) 101 101 ( more ) ( continued ) page 110 I have think about that kid for fifty year . and I promise you , boy , you want no part of it . I , I have get blood on my hand . I be soile . forgive I for trick you like a dope . I will call someone and have they let you out later . tao no ! let I out !! tao pound on the door . walt you have come a long way . I be proud to call you a friend . you have you whole life ahead of you , whereas this be what I do . I finish thing . you would just get in the way . sorry . Walt go back upstairs , leave tao lock up in he cellar . tao howl to be let out . ext . walt house 102 102 Walt walk out he front door with Daisy on she leash . he walk over to tao 's house . phong sit in a lawnchair and glare at Walt . she yell in hmong as Walt walk straight up to she . walt aw , pipe down , you hag . phong ( subtitled ) you be a evil man . I have see you kind before . back home , white soldier come to we village and fill we young men' mind with idea of glory . then you would lead they away to they death . Walt , of course , have no idea what she say . walt Fine , I hate you too . 109 . continued : ( 3 ) 101 101 walt ( cont 'd ) ( continued ) page 111 Walt hold out the dog leash to phong . she look down at Daisy and back at Walt . she lash out again in hmong . walt I need you to watch my dog . Walt hold the leash closer . phong fold she arm in defiance . Walt exhales loudly . Walt lift up one of the legs of her lawnchair and slip the loop of the leash underneath it so Daisy can not follow he . walt her name be Daisy . Walt bend down on one knee and lovingly pet Daisy . he scratch she belly . walt you take it easy , old gal . you good old girl . Walt get up and walk away without look back . phong be stunne ; she be silent for once . int . vfw 103 103 Walt walk in and sit down . he nod to the regular . walt good afternoon , gentleman . darrel walter , how be you do ? walter never be better . bartender beer and a shot , Walt ? walt I think I will have something different . Walt look at the liquor display . at the pinnacle of bottle sit a bottle of johnnie Walker Blue . walt think I will try that johnnie Walker Blue label . 110 . continued : 102 102 ( continued ) page 112 the regular all '' oooooo” and '' ahhhhhhh” at Walt 's order . mel whatta ya win the lottery , wally ? walt naw , just have something special . Walt sip he scotch and nod . it 's good . walt why do not you get all the guy the same . bartender you sure ? walt I be sure . this be too good not to be share . Walt finish he scotch and point for one more . several regular hold up they drink towards Walt . int . vfw phone booth 104 104 Walt slip into the phone booth . he put in change and dial . CUT to : int . tan' house - same time 105 105 Sue weakly answer the phone next to she bed . sue hello ? walt ( v.o. ) it 's Walt . the key to my front door be under the ceramic turtle . open the door and go let you brother out of the cellar . I have to go . the line go dead as Walt hang up . Sue jump up out of bed , pull on some clothes and run downstairs . phong block she path . phong grab Sue by the arm . 111 . continued : 103 103 ( continued ) page 113 phong ( subtitled ) who be that ? where be you go ? you tell I what 's go on ?! Sue squirm away from phong and run outside . on she way over to Walt 's house , she see Daisy leash to phong 's chair . it scare Sue even more . ext . smokie' duplex - afternoon 106 106 Father janovich pace back and forth . the squad car pull up to he , which be exactly what he 's be afraid of all day . officer sorry , Father , we have to go . father janovich I be tell you . if we be not here , there will be bloodsh . officer we have be here for hour . we can not afford to anchor a unit to one location . father janovich I be begging you to stay . officer I just get word from my sergeant , we be pull the plug . father janovich I be stay . officer no you be not . my order be specific . you come with we , you be leave with we . Father janovich look hard at the duplex before get into the squad car . the squad car drive off . Walt pull up in front , get out of he pickup and slam the door . he look at the duplex . it 's a total eyesore . walt ( mutter ) what a goddamn mess . you slope should be ashamed of yourselves . 112 . continued : 105 105 ( continued ) page 114 Walt walk up the sidewalk and stop twenty foot from the duplex . six very scared , very jittery hmong gangbanger look out at Walt from various doorway and window . walt be that all you swamp rat or be there more vermin scurrying in the shadow ? smokie and spider step out and stand on the porch . smokie smile at Walt . Walt spit on the ground . smokie I be not sure that you would ... walt shut up , gook . I be not here to listen to one goddamn syllable of what a shrimp -dick little baby midget like you have to say . spider pull he pistol . walt that 's right , boy . defend you boyfriend after he or you or whoever rape a member of you family . you own blood , for Christ 's sake . go ahead , pull you pistol , just like a bunch of ridiculous miniature toy cowboy . smokie and several other hmong gangbanger pull they gun . walt you have no honor . you be the scum of the earth and when you be go , do you think anyone will care ? no one will mourn . you will not be miss . all the hmong be spook at Walt 's absolute lack of fear . smokie where 's tao , old man ? he too scared to come and stick up for himself ? 113 . continued : 106 106 ( continued ) page 115 walt no . tao be too good for this . you puke be not worth one second of he time . Walt slowly put a cigarette in he mouth . even this slight movement have the gangbanger wave they pistol around . Walt laugh . walt you boy be a little bit jumpy . spider you watch it , old man . walt no , I think you would better watch it . Walt look around . other than the gangbanger , a small group of people have gather to watch this showdown . CUT to : int . walt house 107 107 Sue open the front door , run to the stairwell and pound down the stair . sue tao ? tao , be you alright ? tao ( o.s. ) i'm down here ! let I out !! she unlock the cellar door . tao come out in a rage . tao goddamn it ! sue what 's go on ? tao he leave without I ! sue where ? where would he go ?! tao he go to smokie 's without I . tao take the stair two step at a time . 114 . continued : ( 2 ) 106 106 ( continued ) page 116 sue no ! no , tao ! Sue grab tao 's leg and hang on . sue no ! do not you dare ! stay away from they , tao ! I do not want anyone else get hurt . tao leave I alone . sue no , tao . no ! they struggle at the top of the stair and spill into the kitchen floor . tao run for the door when something catch he eye ... the kitchen table . the rifle and pistol be still there . Walt purposely leave the gun at home . tao oh god! no !! quick CUT back to : ext . smokie' duplex - same time 108 108 walt and company ... walt anybody get a light ? no ? I get one . Walt 's slight grin fade . he mutter to himself ... walt hail Mary , full of grace . Walt reach into he coat pocket . six hmong gangbanger simultaneously level they pistol and FIRE . bullet fly . Walt be strike down . people scream . Walt fall dead . a zippo lighter clutch in he hand . Walt never intend to kill anyone . self -sacrifice . 115 . continued : 107 107 page 117 ext . smokie' duplex - later 109 109 tao and Sue arrive just as smokie , spider and company be be drive away in Police car . tao look at smokie in the squad car . smokie no longer look tough or hard , he just look scared . on the street , Walt be be bag by the ambulance crew . Father janovich pray over he . tao step up to a police officer . tao what happen ? police officer you have to step back . tao he be a friend of mine . police officer I say step back . tao turn to the hmong police officer . tao what happen , man ? the hmong Police Officer look at the white police officer and then to tao . hmong police officer you hear he , step back . tao speak to the hmong officer in they native language . tao ( subtitled ) please , man , it 's important . he 's my friend . tell I what happen ? hmong police officer ( subtitled ) the old guy reach for a lighter and they gun he down . the gang say the old guy be here to kill they , but he do not have a weapon . tao ( subtitled ) what 's go to happen ? 116 . ( continued ) page 118 hmong police officer ( subtitled ) we actually have witness for once . this guy be go away big time . the white officer yell at the hmong officer . police officer Officer chang , get that people back . hmong police officer yes , sir . you have to step back now . tao hug he sister . Sue openly weep . tao hold it in . he look at he friend Walt as the bag be zipped over he . ext . tan' house - day 110 110 tao and Sue wait in front . tao wear a suit , Sue be in a traditional hmong dress . a taxi pull up and they get in . sitting on the porch be phong who rock back and forth in she rock chair . phong hold Daisy in she arm , gently petting the old dog . int . catholic church 111 111 we be at the funeral of walter kowalski . Walt be dress in he new suit . along with the crowd you would expect , tao and Sue be seat near the front . Walt 's son and family be there . Mitch give tao a dirty look . tao look back at he , he gaze bore right through Mitch . Mitch look away . Father janovich step up to the pulpit and speak . 117 . continued : 109 109 ( continued ) page 119 father janovich Walt kowalski once say to I I do not know anything about life or death because '' I be a overeducate , 27 - year - old virgin who hold the hand of superstitious old woman and promise they eternity . ' Walt definitely have no problem ucall it like he see it . ' but Walt be right . I know really nothing about life or death until I get to know Walt . and boy , do I learn . int . law office 112 112 all of Walt 's family be seat in a office as a lawyer read Walt kowalski 's will . tao be present along with Walt 's family . lawyer which bring we to we last item . and again , please forgive the language use in Mr. kowalski 's will . I be simply read it as it be write . the lawyer take a sip of water before read ... lawyer '' and to my friend , tao vang lor , I leave my 1972 gran torino on the condition that you do not choptop the roof like a damned spick , do not paint any idiotic flame on it like some white - trash hillbilly and do not put a big gay spoiler on the rear - end like you see on all the other zipper head ' car . it just look like hell . if you can refrain from do any of that , it 's yours . fade out . the end